Toggle navigation    Home Pakistan Islamabad Punjab Sindh Khyber Pakhtunkhwa Balochistan Gilgit Bultistan Azad Jammu & Kashmir World Business Sport Life & Style Opinion Blogs Features Today's Paper E-PAPER Archives New budget test puts UK on front line in global drug price fight By:   agencies 28-Mar-17 942 Top News NAB deputy chief approaches IHC against FIA proceedings 28-Mar-17 321 ISLAMABAD: National Accountabi ... Fresh clashes leave four dead, 28 injured in IHK 28-Mar-17 370 SRINAGAR: Three civilians and ... LONDON: Can society afford modern medicines? It's a question facing governments worldwide and nowhere more so than in Britain, where a new budget test due to take effect on April 1 threatens to throw up another hurdle to patients getting the drugs. For the last 18 years Britain has led the way in measuring drug cost-effectiveness in a rational and dispassionate way, using a model of economic benefits developed by the National Institute for Health and Care Excellence (NICE). NICE has inspired copycat agencies across Europe - and in countries as diverse as South Korea and Mexico - giving it an influence beyond Britain's 3 percent slice of global drug sales. Now, however, the original system is struggling and patient charities and drugmakers are alarmed, especially given the wider funding uncertainties facing the National Health Service (NHS), which offers free care at the point of delivery. The new rules mean drugs costing NHS England more than 20 million pounds ($25 million) a year will no longer get automatic funding, even if they are cost-effective. Instead, firms will have to haggle to get them used, resulting in a potential delay of three years. Peter Johnson, professor of medical oncology at the University of Southampton, fears his patients may lose out on a wave of costly new immunotherapy drugs that are starting to transform treatment. "Just when we are seeing an increase in the pace of progress with these drugs, I'm worried that this country is going to be unnecessarily slowed down by the new affordability cap," he told Reuters. Since immune system-boosting drugs like Merck & Co's Keytruda, Bristol-Myers Squibb's Opdivo and Roche's Tecentriq can be used against a wide range of cancers, their budget impact will be significant. "Almost all these new cancer drugs will hit the 20 million pounds ceiling very quickly indeed, particularly when they are used for common cancers like lung cancer," said Johnson, who also acts as chief clinician for Cancer Research UK. Meeting rising demand from medical advances and aging populations is a universal problem, whether healthcare is funded by UK-style general taxation, compulsory social insurance common in western Europe or private insurance as in the United States. But NICE is unusual in putting a clear number on the benefit it expects from new drugs, using quality-adjusted life years (QALYs), where one QALY equals a year of perfect health or two years of middling health. Its basic cost-effectiveness threshold is up to 30,000 pounds per QALY and in future it wants to incentivize drugmakers to come in below 10,000 pounds by offering rapid approval for "exceptional value" products. NICE data, however, shows only 10 to 15 percent of the drugs it approves currently meet this lower cost-effectiveness hurdle. Carole Longson, director of NICE's center for health technology evaluation, says the onus is on drugmakers to price medicines responsibly. "Given the pace of technological innovation, the demands of people who need healthcare and the return on investments that shareholders wish for, the system is struggling," she said. In some cases that may mean phasing payments, rather than simply cutting prices, when treatments like cancer immunotherapy or gene therapy offer long-lasting benefits. "We need to find ways to structure the budget impact," she said in an interview. NICE's QALY thresholds have long provoked controversy and complaints among drugmakers whose products have fallen on the wrong side of the equation, yet the system has stood the test of time, albeit with tweaks such as looser requirements for end-of-life care. The new budget test, however, is "a kind of fudge", said Karl Claxton, a health economist at the University of York, who served on NICE's appraisal committee from 1999 to 2012. "As a result of trying to put patches on all of this, we end up with a very confusing and rather arbitrary approach," he said. The upheaval comes at a tricky time for the government, which is about to trigger proceedings to leave the European Union but wants to encourage investment by pharmaceutical firms, which account for a fifth of all UK business R&D spending. "It's a disastrous signal to send to the rest of the world," said Mike Thompson, chief executive of the Association of the British Pharmaceutical Industry, who still hopes the government could change its mind before the end of the month. Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. comments powered by Disqus COPY CODE SNIPPET sunday magazine aaj kal Business Plus TGIF Zaiqa TV Company Financials Investor Details Contact us Privacy Policy Terms and Conditions © 2017 DailyTimes - ALL RIGHTS RESERVED Powered By opustech.co
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 28 March 2017 by satprnews satprnews Global Animal Parasiticides Market 2017 Growth Opportunities, Growth, Drivers, Trends, Demand, Share and Analysis to 2022 The Global Animal Parasiticides Market to GROW at a CAGR of 5.87% during the period 2017-2021. Animal Parasiticides Market Report focuses on the major drivers and restraints for the key players. These research report also provides granular analysis of the market share, segmentation, revenue forecasts and geographic regions of the market. The Animal Parasiticides market research report is a professional and in-depth study on the current state of Animal Parasiticides Industry. Complete Report of Animal Parasiticides Market Reserach available at: https://www.absolutereports.com/global-animal-parasiticides-market-2017-2021-10690425 Veterinary parasiticides or antiparasitics are products that kill parasites that infest livestock, pets, and other animals. The global animal parasiticides market is expected to grow at a moderate pace driven by the rise in demand for animal proteins and the increased focus on food safety. The increase in animal population will also help boost market growth. Bayer HealthCare, Elanco, Merial, Merck Animal Health, and Zoetis are the major vendors in the market. These vendors offer a wide portfolio of products in various segments such as animal diagnostics, animal vaccines, animal pharmaceuticals, and animal feed additives. The Animal Parasiticides Market research report covers the present scenario and the growth prospects of the global Animal Parasiticides industry for 2016-2020. The Animal Parasiticides report enlists several important factors, starting from the basics to advanced market intelligence which play a crucial part in strategizing. Get a PDF Sample of Animal Parasiticides Market Research Report at: http://www.absolutereports.com/enquiry/request-sample/10690425 Key Vendors of Animal Parasiticides Market: Bayer HealthCare Elanco Merck Animal Health Merial Zoetis Other Prominent Vendors Animal Medics Biogénesis Bagó Bio-Vet Boehringer Ingelheim Ceva Santé Animale Dechra Pharmaceuticals ECO Animal Health And many more… With a purpose of enlightening new entrants about the possibilities in this market, this report investigates new project feasibility. Various details about the manufacturing process such as market drivers, impact of drivers, market challenges and impact of drivers and challenges, market trends, vendor landscape analysis and so on, is discussed in the report. The Animal Parasiticides market report also presents the vendor landscape and a corresponding detailed analysis of the major vendors operating in the market. Animal Parasiticides market report analyses the market potential for each geographical region based on the growth rate, macroeconomic parameters, consumer buying patterns, and market demand and supply scenarios. Regions of Animal Parasiticides market: Americas APAC EMEA Single User Licence: $3500 Purchase a copy of Report @ http://www.absolutereports.com/purchase/10690425 In the end, the report makes some important proposals for a new project of Animal Parasiticides Industry before evaluating its feasibility. Overall, the report provides an in-depth insight of 2016-2020 global Animal Parasiticides industry covering all important parameters. Animal Parasiticides Market Driver Rise in incidences of zoonotic diseases. For a full, detailed list, view our report Animal Parasiticides Market Challenge Lengthy regulatory approval process. For a full, detailed list, view our report Animal Parasiticides Market Trends Vertical integration in livestock industry. For a full, detailed list, view our report Have any query? ask our expert @ http://www.absolutereports.com/enquiry/pre-order-enquiry/10690425 The report then estimates 2016-2020 market development trends of Animal Parasiticides market. Analysis of upstream raw materials, downstream demand, and current market dynamics is also carried out. Key questions answered in Animal Parasiticides Market Report: What will the market size be in 2020 and what will the growth rate be? What are the key market trends? What is driving this market? What are the challenges to market growth? Who are the key vendors in this market space? What are the market opportunities and threats faced by the key vendors? What are the strengths and weaknesses of the key vendors? In the end, the report makes some important proposals for a new project of Animal Parasiticides market before evaluating its feasibility. List of Exhibits in Animal Parasiticides Market Report: Exhibit 01: Parameters for FDA approval Exhibit 02: Overview of global animal parasiticides market Exhibit 03: Factors influencing global animal parasiticides market 2016 Exhibit 04: Global animal parasiticides market snapshot: Developed and emerging markets 2016 Exhibit 05: Global animal parasiticides market 2017-2021($ millions) Exhibit 06: Five forces analysis Exhibit 07: Global animal parasiticides market segments by type of animals Exhibit 08: Global animal parasiticides market by product category 2016 Exhibit 09: Global ectoparasiticides market 2016-2021 ($ millions) Exhibit 10: Global endoparasiticides market 2016-2021 ($ millions) And continued…. Get Discount on Animal Parasiticides Market Research Report at: http://www.absolutereports.com/enquiry/request-discount/10690425   Contact: Mr. Ameya Pingaley Absolute Reports +1-408 520 9750 Email: sales@absolutereports.com CategoriesUncategorized TagsAnimal Parasiticides Industry Trends, Animal Parasiticides Market, Animal Parasiticides Market Analysis, Animal Parasiticides Market Forecast, Animal Parasiticides Market Growth, Animal Parasiticides Market Overview, Animal Parasiticides Market Share, Animal Parasiticides Market Size, Animal Parasiticides Trends, apartments, Consumer, Electronics, Food and Beverage, Google News, Health, Healthcare, Industry, intelligence, Investment, kill, Machinery, major, Markets, satPRnews, Space Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Problem Shooting and Content Sharing, SHAREit’s Global Users Surpass One Billion Next PostNext Walnut Milk Market Global Industry Analysis, size, share and Forecast 2017-2027 Search Business Contacts Business Directory Proudly powered by WordPress
Subscribe | Marketing Packages | Forums | Cookie Law | Our sites ThePigSite ThePoultrySite TheFishSite TheCattleSite TheDairySite TheBeefSite TheMeatSite TheCropSite TheSheepSite ThePetSite.co.uk ElSitioAvicola ElSitioPorcino ThePigSite.cn ThePoultrySite.cn TheFishSite.cn AgriTimes.ru 5M Farm Supplies 5M Books Follow @thefishsite News & Analysis Features Markets & Reports Knowledge Centre Business Directory Events Our Shop Forums News Salmon research award launched27 March 2017 A new award to support research in salmon health and welfare by tomorrow’s industry leaders has been launched today. Called the High Quality Salmon Science Award, it has been initiated by MSD Animal Health (known as Merck Animal Health in the US and Canada) and will allow one recent graduate in veterinary or animal science the opportunity to present their research to an impressive number of industry specialists at an upcoming MSD meeting in Scotland. “With growing demand for safe, affordable protein, the salmon industry is working hard to ensure the health and welfare of the stocks they are rearing,” said Dr Chris Beattie, Head of Aquaculture at MSD. “We hope to establish lasting relationships with recent graduates who are leading the way in important research and innovation that will benefit salmon health, production and welfare.” The winner will present their research project to a group of aquaculture industry specialists at an MSD-sponsored High Quality Salmon Congress. Topics of interest include parasite challenges and solutions; infectious diseases, such as pancreatic disease (PD), Moritella, Cardiopyopathy syndrome (CMS), and Hearth and skeletal muscle inflammation (HSMI); antibiotic reduction; and precision medicine. To apply, eligible graduates must submit a 300-word summary of their research project, resumé and a brief letter describing why their work deserves the award to HQAquaAward@merck.com. Applications must be submitted by April 7 and the winner will be notified no later than May 1, 2017. For additional details, please visit: http://www.highqualitycongress.com. Fish Health, Salmon Share This Related News Pathogenic ISA confirmed   27 March 2017 Danes to mill Down Under   23 March 2017 Mixed fortunes for salmon species   22 March 2017 Non-medicinal lice treatments on vets' agenda   21 March 2017 Fusion nets 38-pen deal   21 March 2017 More News Aquaculture careers in the spotlight    28 March 2017 Boost for fledgling seaweed industry    28 March 2017 Panga producers hit hard    27 March 2017 Key aquafeed fisheries certified    27 March 2017 Alaska Fish Factor: navy could disrupt salmon migration    27 March 2017 Event set to be a knock out    27 March 2017 Aquaculture's key regional role explained    24 March 2017 Breaking down the barriers in Asia    24 March 2017 The end of equal access?    24 March 2017 Erber Group Plans New Clinical Pig Health Research Center at Kasetsart University    24 March 2017 Our Sponsors Partners Seasonal Picks News Fish News News by Category Analysis Latest Headlines Latest Articles Reports CME Futures Market USDA Cash Grain Alan Brugler CME Archive Knowledge Cultured Aquatic Species Fish Disease Guide Links Marketing Marketing Packages Business Directory Submit Business Media Videos Newsletter Events Latest Events Submit Event About About 5m Publishing Our Editors © 2000 - 2014. 5m Publishing, Benchmark House, 8 Smithy Wood Drive, Sheffield, S35 1QN, England. 5m Enterprises Inc., Suite 4120, CBoT, 141 West Jackson Boulevard, Chicago, IL, 60604-2900, USA.- A Benchmark Holdings plc. Company No part of this site may be reproduced without permission. Co. Registration 3332321 VAT No. 100 1348 86 Terms and Conditions | Privacy | Disclaimer
28/03/2017 Select edition English English Français Deutsch Italiano Español Português Русский Українська Türkçe Ελληνικά Magyar فارسی العربية Join Us Euronews, international news يورونيوز، أخبار دولية Euronews, internationale Nachrichten Euronews, noticias internacionales Euronews, actualités internationales Euronews, ΔΙΕΘΝΗ ΝΕΑ Euronews, Nemzetközi hírek Euronews, Notizie internazionali اخبار بین‌المللی Euronews, Notícias internacionais Международные новости Euronews, DÜNYA Euronews, міжнародні новини Search Live Bulletin Weather All views Business 28/03/2017 Working in the future: how humans need to adapt Page 1 Copy 34 Point of view "We have to adapt and we also have to take our own responsibility but it is up to the politicians, to those who have political responsibility to create an environment to make that possible" World 28/03/2017 Sturgeon pushes for second Scottish referendum Page 1 Copy 34 Point of view "Even the SNP are uncertain about which way to go with regards to Europe" Nicholas Cross Lecturer at Edinburgh University World 28/03/2017 UK triggers Article 50: how did it come to this? Page 1 Copy 34 Point of view "June 23 was not the moment Britain chose to step back from the world. It was the moment we chose to build a truly Global Britain" Theresa May British Prime Minister World 28/03/2017 UN talks for a worldwide ban on nuclear weapons get limited support Page 1 Copy 34 Point of view "Is there anyone that believes that North Korea would agree to a ban on nuclear weapons?" Nikki Haley US ambassador to the United Nations World 27/03/2017 Hong Kong: 'Umbrella Revolution' leaders charged over 2014 protests Page 1 Copy 34 Point of view "We will never give up." Benny Tai Co-founder, Occupy Central World 27/03/2017 Use of tax havens by European banks revealed Page 1 Copy 34 Tweet World 27/03/2017 Iran's President Hassan Rouhani arrives in Russia for Kremlin talks Page 1 Copy 34 Tweet World 27/03/2017 Baby Boom in Berlin: A city struggling with waiting lists Page 1 Copy 34 Point of view "Midwives are currently three or four times oversubscribed in Berlin. Twenty-four hours a day are just not enough to do our job accurately." Susanna Rinne-Wolf President of the Berlin Association of Midwives more quotes Just In BREAKING NEWS Home > News > Business > New budget test puts UK on front line in global drug price fight Aa Aa Now Reading: New budget test puts UK on front line in global drug price fight 27/03/2017 New budget test puts UK on front line in global drug price fight REUTERS 27/03/2017 By Ben Hirschler LONDON (Reuters) – Can society afford modern medicines? It’s a question facing governments worldwide and nowhere more so than in Britain, where a new budget test due to take effect on April 1 threatens to throw up another hurdle to patients getting the drugs. For the last 18 years Britain has led the way in measuring drug cost-effectiveness in a rational and dispassionate way, using a model of economic benefits developed by the National Institute for Health and Care Excellence (NICE). NICE has inspired copycat agencies across Europe – and in countries as diverse as South Korea and Mexico – giving it an influence beyond Britain’s 3 percent slice of global drug sales. Now, however, the original system is struggling and patient charities and drugmakers are alarmed, especially given the wider funding uncertainties facing the National Health Service (NHS), which offers free care at the point of delivery. The new rules mean drugs costing NHS England more than 20 million pounds a year will no longer get automatic funding, even if they are cost-effective. Instead, firms will have to haggle to get them used, resulting in a potential delay of three years. Peter Johnson, professor of medical oncology at the University of Southampton, fears his patients may lose out on a wave of costly new immunotherapy drugs that are starting to transform treatment. “Just when we are seeing an increase in the pace of progress with these drugs, I’m worried that this country is going to be unnecessarily slowed down by the new affordability cap,” he told Reuters. Since immune system-boosting drugs like Merck & Co’s <MRK.N> Keytruda, Bristol-Myers Squibb’s <BMY.N> Opdivo and Roche’s <ROG.S> Tecentriq can be used against a wide range of cancers, their budget impact will be significant. “Almost all these new cancer drugs will hit the 20 million pounds ceiling very quickly indeed, particularly when they are used for common cancers like lung cancer,” said Johnson, who also acts as chief clinician for Cancer Research UK. Meeting rising demand from medical advances and ageing populations is a universal problem, whether healthcare is funded by UK-style general taxation, compulsory social insurance common in western Europe or private insurance as in the United States. But NICE is unusual in putting a clear number on the benefit it expects from new drugs, using quality-adjusted life years (QALYs), where one QALY equals a year of perfect health or two years of middling health. Its basic cost-effectiveness threshold is up to 30,000 pounds per QALY and in future it wants to incentivise drugmakers to come in below 10,000 pounds by offering rapid approval for “exceptional value” products. NICE data, however, shows only 10 to 15 percent of the drugs it approves currently meet this lower cost-effectiveness hurdle. RESPONSIBLE PRICING Carole Longson, director of NICE’s centre for health technology evaluation, says the onus is on drugmakers to price medicines responsibly. “Given the pace of technological innovation, the demands of people who need healthcare and the return on investments that shareholders wish for, the system is struggling,” she said. In some cases that may mean phasing payments, rather than simply cutting prices, when treatments like cancer immunotherapy or gene therapy offer long-lasting benefits. “We need to find ways to structure the budget impact,” she said in an interview. NICE’s QALY thresholds have long provoked controversy and complaints among drugmakers whose products have fallen on the wrong side of the equation, yet the system has stood the test of time, albeit with tweaks such as looser requirements for end-of-life care. The new budget test, however, is “a kind of fudge”, said Karl Claxton, a health economist at the University of York, who servied on NICE’s appraisal committee from 1999 to 2012. “As a result of trying to put patches on all of this, we end up with a very confusing and rather arbitrary approach,” he said. The upheaval comes at a tricky time for the government, which is about to trigger proceedings to leave the European Union but wants to encourage investment by pharmaceutical firms, which account for a fifth of all UK business R&D spending. “It’s a disastrous signal to send to the rest of the world,” said Mike Thompson, chief executive of the Association of the British Pharmaceutical Industry, who still hopes the government could change its mind before the end of the month. (Editing by Greg Mahlich) Share this article: euronews provides breaking news articles from reuters as a service to its readers, but does not edit the articles it publishes. Articles appear on euronews.com for a limited time. Today's Top Stories United Kingdom 28/03/2017 Scottish parliament backs bid for second independence referendum Germany 28/03/2017 Berlin launches investigation into 'Turkish spying' on German soil France 28/03/2017 Carlos the Jackal given life sentence over deadly 1974 Paris attack Most viewed France 28/03/2017 Riots in Paris after police shoot Chinese man dead Iraq 28/03/2017 Spike in civilian deaths in Iraq 'flagrant violation of international law'... world news 28/03/2017 Clothing to make you better, faster, safer, smarter Australia 28/03/2017 Cyclone Debbie makes landfall in Queensland world news 28/03/2017 Madeira to rename airport after local hero Ronaldo Editor's choice world news 27/03/2017 Russian protest symbols explained futuris 27/03/2017 The geological clock of volcanoes world news 28/03/2017 Amsterdam experiments a new business model for prostitution Flashback: one year ago Pakistan 28/03/2016 Pakistan to launch a paramilitary crackdown in Punjab Pakistan 28/03/2016 Pakistan: what is behind the bombings in Lahore? Cuba 28/03/2016 Fidel Castro rejects thaw between Cuba and US United Kingdom 28/03/2016 Storm Katie batters Britain Czech Republic 28/03/2016 Pro-Tibet activists deface Chinese flags as President Xi arrives in Prague Editor's choice world news 27/03/2017 Russian protest symbols explained futuris 27/03/2017 The geological clock of volcanoes world news 28/03/2017 Amsterdam experiments a new business model for prostitution world news 28/03/2017 Clothing to make you better, faster, safer, smarter world news 27/03/2017 Anti-militarism groups clash in Madrid over defence exhibition Italy 27/03/2017 Unfinished Da Vinci masterpiece returned to Florence Sci-tech 24/03/2017 CeBIT: Japan's vision of Society 5.0 world news 26/03/2017 Pulse of Europe: "We are convinced that the majority of people believe in... world news 27/03/2017 United Airlines in row over customer's leggings Live Bulletin Top videos My weather Browse today's tags France United Kingdom Referendum Brexit Europe Terrorism Robotic Scotland Verticals News European affairs Lifestyle Knowledge Quotes Programs Adventures Aid Zone Boarding Pass Business Line Business Planet Cinema COP22 Cult Focus Futuris Gravity Insiders Insight Learning World Life Markets Metropolitans MIPTV – MIPCOM Musica No Comment Postcards Real Economy Sci-tech Smart Care Space Speed State Of The Union Target The Corner The Global Conversation View World News Channels Euronews TV Africanews Euronews radio Widgets Corporate About Euronews EU Coverage Terms and Conditions Cookie Policy Contact Distribution Advertising Jobs Copyright © euronews 2017 News World Business Sport European affairs Europe Lifestyle Culture Knowledge Sci-tech no comment Programmes Join Us English Français Deutsch Italiano Español Português Русский Українська Türkçe Ελληνικά Magyar فارسی العربية
Channel NewsAsia Return to Mobile Site New budget test puts UK on front line in global drug price fight News TV Connect Watch Live 0 My Playlist Sign In Menu News Asia Pacific Singapore World Business Sport Entertainment Technology Health Lifestyle Videos Weather MORE Photos Special Reports Archives Services PSI Live Shows News Schedule Features On The Ground Specials Facebook Twitter Linkedin YouTube Mobile SMS eNews RSS Return to Mobile Site Health New budget test puts UK on front line in global drug price fight Can society afford modern medicines? It's a question facing governments worldwide and nowhere more so than in Britain, where a new budget test due to take effect on April 1 threatens to throw up another hurdle to patients getting the drugs. Posted 27 Mar 2017 22:30 Updated 27 Mar 2017 23:10 FILE PHOTO: A man sits on a bus with an advertisement for Britain's National Health Service (NHS) in London, Britain, March 21, 2014. REUTERS/Luke MacGregor/File Photo Enlarge Caption  Email More A A LONDON: Can society afford modern medicines? It's a question facing governments worldwide and nowhere more so than in Britain, where a new budget test due to take effect on April 1 threatens to throw up another hurdle to patients getting the drugs. For the last 18 years Britain has led the way in measuring drug cost-effectiveness in a rational and dispassionate way, using a model of economic benefits developed by the National Institute for Health and Care Excellence (NICE). NICE has inspired copycat agencies across Europe - and in countries as diverse as South Korea and Mexico - giving it an influence beyond Britain's 3 percent slice of global drug sales. Now, however, the original system is struggling and patient charities and drugmakers are alarmed, especially given the wider funding uncertainties facing the National Health Service (NHS), which offers free care at the point of delivery. The new rules mean drugs costing NHS England more than 20 million pounds (US$25 million) a year will no longer get automatic funding, even if they are cost-effective. Instead, firms will have to haggle to get them used, resulting in a potential delay of three years. Peter Johnson, professor of medical oncology at the University of Southampton, fears his patients may lose out on a wave of costly new immunotherapy drugs that are starting to transform treatment. "Just when we are seeing an increase in the pace of progress with these drugs, I'm worried that this country is going to be unnecessarily slowed down by the new affordability cap," he told Reuters. Since immune system-boosting drugs like Merck & Co's Keytruda, Bristol-Myers Squibb's Opdivo and Roche's Tecentriq can be used against a wide range of cancers, their budget impact will be significant. "Almost all these new cancer drugs will hit the 20 million pounds ceiling very quickly indeed, particularly when they are used for common cancers like lung cancer," said Johnson, who also acts as chief clinician for Cancer Research UK. Meeting rising demand from medical advances and aging populations is a universal problem, whether healthcare is funded by UK-style general taxation, compulsory social insurance common in western Europe or private insurance as in the United States. But NICE is unusual in putting a clear number on the benefit it expects from new drugs, using quality-adjusted life years (QALYs), where one QALY equals a year of perfect health or two years of middling health. Its basic cost-effectiveness threshold is up to 30,000 pounds per QALY and in future it wants to incentivize drugmakers to come in below 10,000 pounds by offering rapid approval for "exceptional value" products. NICE data, however, shows only 10 to 15 percent of the drugs it approves currently meet this lower cost-effectiveness hurdle. RESPONSIBLE PRICING Carole Longson, director of NICE's center for health technology evaluation, says the onus is on drugmakers to price medicines responsibly. "Given the pace of technological innovation, the demands of people who need healthcare and the return on investments that shareholders wish for, the system is struggling," she said. In some cases that may mean phasing payments, rather than simply cutting prices, when treatments like cancer immunotherapy or gene therapy offer long-lasting benefits. "We need to find ways to structure the budget impact," she said in an interview. NICE's QALY thresholds have long provoked controversy and complaints among drugmakers whose products have fallen on the wrong side of the equation, yet the system has stood the test of time, albeit with tweaks such as looser requirements for end-of-life care. The new budget test, however, is "a kind of fudge", said Karl Claxton, a health economist at the University of York, who served on NICE's appraisal committee from 1999 to 2012. "As a result of trying to put patches on all of this, we end up with a very confusing and rather arbitrary approach," he said. The upheaval comes at a tricky time for the government, which is about to trigger proceedings to leave the European Union but wants to encourage investment by pharmaceutical firms, which account for a fifth of all UK business R&D spending. "It's a disastrous signal to send to the rest of the world," said Mike Thompson, chief executive of the Association of the British Pharmaceutical Industry, who still hopes the government could change its mind before the end of the month. (Editing by Greg Mahlich) - Reuters Email More YOU MAY ALSO LIKE From Our Website From the Web Happening Now new window view more My Facebook Friends Back To Top JUMP TO Select Section Asia Pacific Singapore World Business Sport Entertainment Technology Health Lifestyle Videos Weather Photos Special Reports Archives Services PSI Navigate to: News TV Connect Watch Live GET OUR APPS iPhone/iPad Android Get Our News Facebook Twitter Linkedin YouTube Mobile SMS eNews RSS News Asia Pacific World Sport Technology Lifestyle Photos Archives Singapore Business Entertainment Health Videos Special Reports TV Live News Schedule Shows Services Weather ADVERTISE WITH US Online Mobile TV Contact Sales Channel NewsAsia Channel News Asia About Us Coverage Hotel Partners Events & Seminars Presenters & Correspondents Contact Us Mediacorp Mediacorp News Group © 2017 About Mediacorp Pte Ltd Terms and Conditions Privacy Policy Back To Top
Photos Videos Topics Live SA 80/5 (39) - NZ 489/10 (162.1) Home India Mumbai Delhi World Business Technology Sports Entertainment Bollywood Hollywood Television Lifestyle Education & Careers TRENDING# Ravindra Gaikwad Yogi Adityanath Virat Kohli Donald Trump Narendra Modi Home Health ANALYSIS-New budget test puts UK on front line in global drug price fight Shares1 Mon, 27 Mar 2017-07:55pm , Reuters Can society afford modern medicines? It's a question facing governments worldwide and nowhere more so than in Britain, where a new budget test due to take effect on April 1 threatens to throw up another hurdle to patients getting the drugs. For the last 18 years Britain has led the way in measuring drug cost-effectiveness in a rational and dispassionate way, using a model of economic benefits developed by the National Institute for Health and Care Excellence (NICE). NICE has inspired copycat agencies across Europe - and in countries as diverse as South Korea and Mexico - giving it an influence beyond Britain's 3 percent slice of global drug sales. Now, however, the original system is struggling and patient charities and drugmakers are alarmed, especially given the wider funding uncertainties facing the National Health Service (NHS), which offers free care at the point of delivery. The new rules mean drugs costing NHS England more than 20 million pounds ($25 million) a year will no longer get automatic funding, even if they are cost-effective. Instead, firms will have to haggle to get them used, resulting in a potential delay of three years. Peter Johnson, professor of medical oncology at the University of Southampton, fears his patients may lose out on a wave of costly new immunotherapy drugs that are starting to transform treatment. "Just when we are seeing an increase in the pace of progress with these drugs, I'm worried that this country is going to be unnecessarily slowed down by the new affordability cap," he told Reuters. Since immune system-boosting drugs like Merck & Co's Keytruda, Bristol-Myers Squibb's Opdivo and Roche's Tecentriq can be used against a wide range of cancers, their budget impact will be significant. "Almost all these new cancer drugs will hit the 20 million pounds ceiling very quickly indeed, particularly when they are used for common cancers like lung cancer," said Johnson, who also acts as chief clinician for Cancer Research UK. Meeting rising demand from medical advances and ageing populations is a universal problem, whether healthcare is funded by UK-style general taxation, compulsory social insurance common in western Europe or private insurance as in the United States. But NICE is unusual in putting a clear number on the benefit it expects from new drugs, using quality-adjusted life years (QALYs), where one QALY equals a year of perfect health or two years of middling health. Its basic cost-effectiveness threshold is up to 30,000 pounds per QALY and in future it wants to incentivise drugmakers to come in below 10,000 pounds by offering rapid approval for "exceptional value" products. NICE data, however, shows only 10 to 15 percent of the drugs it approves currently meet this lower cost-effectiveness hurdle. RESPONSIBLE PRICING Carole Longson, director of NICE's centre for health technology evaluation, says the onus is on drugmakers to price medicines responsibly. "Given the pace of technological innovation, the demands of people who need healthcare and the return on investments that shareholders wish for, the system is struggling," she said. In some cases that may mean phasing payments, rather than simply cutting prices, when treatments like cancer immunotherapy or gene therapy offer long-lasting benefits. "We need to find ways to structure the budget impact," she said in an interview. NICE's QALY thresholds have long provoked controversy and complaints among drugmakers whose products have fallen on the wrong side of the equation, yet the system has stood the test of time, albeit with tweaks such as looser requirements for end-of-life care. The new budget test, however, is "a kind of fudge", said Karl Claxton, a health economist at the University of York, who servied on NICE's appraisal committee from 1999 to 2012. "As a result of trying to put patches on all of this, we end up with a very confusing and rather arbitrary approach," he said. The upheaval comes at a tricky time for the government, which is about to trigger proceedings to leave the European Union but wants to encourage investment by pharmaceutical firms, which account for a fifth of all UK business R&D spending. "It's a disastrous signal to send to the rest of the world," said Mike Thompson, chief executive of the Association of the British Pharmaceutical Industry, who still hopes the government could change its mind before the end of the month. ($1 = 0.7966 pounds) (This article has not been edited by DNA's editorial team and is auto-generated from an agency feed.) TOP TOP < Gaikwad issue in LS: Sena asks why Kapil Sharma wasn't banned, 'tai' Sumitra Mahajan says 'calm down'   Comments   Also Read Health Of diets and weight loss Health 30 new labs soon for WHO-recommended MDR-TB detection test Health India to tweak definition of blindness to meet WHO stipulation Health The body ‘toning’ scam Health Health Matters: Fat burning Health Oats decoded < Previous ArticleNext Article > Gaikwad issue in LS: Sena asks why Kapil Sharma wasn't banned, 'tai' Sumitra Mahajan says 'calm down' Live Cricket Score Live SA 80/5 (39), 314/10 (89.2) NZ 489/10 (162.1) Full Scorecard | Commentary Video Watch | Bhaago Grahak Bhaago: Customer gets assaulted for pointing out cockroaches in cafe! Watch: Fitness freak breaks leg in half while lifting weights Watch: 1400 dancers celebrate 'The Month of The Dance' in Spain View all Tags Nice European Union Cancer Research UK National Health Service Peter Johnson England Mexico Mike Thompson NHS England Reuters South Korea United States University of Southampton University of York Britain Bristol-Myers Squibb Opdivo Care Excellence Co Keytruda Merck & Co Keytruda National Institute National Institute for Health and Care Excellence Pharmaceutical Industry SITE INDEX About DNA Contact us Investors Advertise Reprint Rights News Germany opens new probe into suspected Turkish spying Islamic State beheads two for 'sorcery' in Egypt's Sinai U.N. picks former U.S. state governor to run World Food Programme Adityanath's crackdown on illegal abattoirs: Meat sellers to continue strike EU 'firm' on citizens' rights after Brexit: negotiator Sport WRAPUP 2-Soccer-Iran close in on World Cup, China teeter on the brink Soccer-Bullet point preview of Premier League fixtures, round 29 Soccer-Bullet point preview of Premier League fixtures, round 29 Soccer-Bullet point preview of Premier League fixtures, round 29 Soccer-Bullet point preview of Premier League fixtures, round 29 Entertainment History has it: Shah Rukh Khan has BEATEN Akshay Kumar THRICE during clashes before! FINALLY! Kiku Sharda BREAKS SILENCE on the Kapil Sharma-Sunil Grover fight! Crocodile tears? Forget remorse over Sunil Grover's exit, Kapil Sharma is already back to partying! Guess who'll be the star performer at IPL opening ceremony this year! Parineeti Chopra FORCES team Golmaal to watch #MaanaKeHumYaarNahin 10 times. Their reaction is PRICELESS! Money Ford announces USD 1.2 bn investment in US auto plants CAG report underlines time and cost overrun of Raj power plant US STOCKS-Wall Street jumps, fueled by strong consumer data Lok Sabha to take up GST Bill for discussion tomorrow Warendra Sinha takes charge as MD & CEO of IFFCO-Tokio GI Partner site: Zee News ©2017 Diligent Media Corporation Ltd.
  Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Wires Home My Profile Logout Login Feedback DailyMail NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad New budget test puts UK on front line in global drug price fight By Reuters Published: 10:23 EDT, 27 March 2017 | Updated: 10:23 EDT, 27 March 2017 e-mail By Ben Hirschler LONDON, March 27 (Reuters) - Can society afford modern medicines? It's a question facing governments worldwide and nowhere more so than in Britain, where a new budget test due to take effect on April 1 threatens to throw up another hurdle to patients getting the drugs. For the last 18 years Britain has led the way in measuring drug cost-effectiveness in a rational and dispassionate way, using a model of economic benefits developed by the National Institute for Health and Care Excellence (NICE). NICE has inspired copycat agencies across Europe - and in countries as diverse as South Korea and Mexico - giving it an influence beyond Britain's 3 percent slice of global drug sales. Now, however, the original system is struggling and patient charities and drugmakers are alarmed, especially given the wider funding uncertainties facing the National Health Service (NHS), which offers free care at the point of delivery. The new rules mean drugs costing NHS England more than 20 million pounds ($25 million) a year will no longer get automatic funding, even if they are cost-effective. Instead, firms will have to haggle to get them used, resulting in a potential delay of three years. Peter Johnson, professor of medical oncology at the University of Southampton, fears his patients may lose out on a wave of costly new immunotherapy drugs that are starting to transform treatment. "Just when we are seeing an increase in the pace of progress with these drugs, I'm worried that this country is going to be unnecessarily slowed down by the new affordability cap," he told Reuters. Since immune system-boosting drugs like Merck &amp; Co's Keytruda, Bristol-Myers Squibb's Opdivo and Roche's Tecentriq can be used against a wide range of cancers, their budget impact will be significant. "Almost all these new cancer drugs will hit the 20 million pounds ceiling very quickly indeed, particularly when they are used for common cancers like lung cancer," said Johnson, who also acts as chief clinician for Cancer Research UK. Meeting rising demand from medical advances and ageing populations is a universal problem, whether healthcare is funded by UK-style general taxation, compulsory social insurance common in western Europe or private insurance as in the United States. But NICE is unusual in putting a clear number on the benefit it expects from new drugs, using quality-adjusted life years (QALYs), where one QALY equals a year of perfect health or two years of middling health. Its basic cost-effectiveness threshold is up to 30,000 pounds per QALY and in future it wants to incentivise drugmakers to come in below 10,000 pounds by offering rapid approval for "exceptional value" products. NICE data, however, shows only 10 to 15 percent of the drugs it approves currently meet this lower cost-effectiveness hurdle. RESPONSIBLE PRICING Carole Longson, director of NICE's centre for health technology evaluation, says the onus is on drugmakers to price medicines responsibly. "Given the pace of technological innovation, the demands of people who need healthcare and the return on investments that shareholders wish for, the system is struggling," she said. In some cases that may mean phasing payments, rather than simply cutting prices, when treatments like cancer immunotherapy or gene therapy offer long-lasting benefits. "We need to find ways to structure the budget impact," she said in an interview. NICE's QALY thresholds have long provoked controversy and complaints among drugmakers whose products have fallen on the wrong side of the equation, yet the system has stood the test of time, albeit with tweaks such as looser requirements for end-of-life care. The new budget test, however, is "a kind of fudge", said Karl Claxton, a health economist at the University of York, who servied on NICE's appraisal committee from 1999 to 2012. "As a result of trying to put patches on all of this, we end up with a very confusing and rather arbitrary approach," he said. The upheaval comes at a tricky time for the government, which is about to trigger proceedings to leave the European Union but wants to encourage investment by pharmaceutical firms, which account for a fifth of all UK business R&amp;D spending. "It's a disastrous signal to send to the rest of the world," said Mike Thompson, chief executive of the Association of the British Pharmaceutical Industry, who still hopes the government could change its mind before the end of the month. ($1 = 0.7966 pounds) (Editing by Greg Mahlich) Share or comment on this article e-mail Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article. Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail     DON'T MISS She's a real work of art! Kate wows in a forest green lace dress by Temperley London for a glittering gala at the National Portrait Gallery 'Longest calf muscles known to man': Katie Price suffers ANOTHER holiday fail as she is accused of Photoshop faux pas amid backlash over Princess snap Heartbroken Katie Waissel claims estranged husband has been 'f**king their neighbour'... as she discusses split after just one year of marriage PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Pregnant Binky Felstead shows off her baby bump as she steps out with boyfriend JP... after confirming she's having a girl 'Private beaches and bottoms': MIC's Frankie Gaff shows off her pert posterior as she poses for racy topless snap during cast trip to Mauritius Ellie Goulding cosies up to rumoured beau Caspar Jopling as they enjoy a romantic stroll in NYC... following her fling with the Beckhams' bodyguard Bobby Rich EXCLUSIVE 'We love the idea of a baby': Louise Thompson and Ryan Libbey on starting a family, their latest love triangle and why cheeky Sam is a 'hypocrite'  Leonardo DiCaprio and Nina Agdal join Orlando Bloom during St Barts holiday as they celebrate the swimsuit model's 25th birthday 'I feel proud, it was such a gift': Daisy Lowe reflects on newfound body confidence... after admitting to be 'tequila positive' during Strictly Come Dancing tour 'I can't breathe': Geordie Shore's Chloe Ferry reveals plans to have nostrils WIDENED in corrective nose job as airwaves are being painfully restricted Billie Piper displays her ink-free forearm at City Of Tiny Lights screening after tattoo removal... and hides second tribute to ex Laurence Fox under ring 'They simply don't eat': Emma Thompson blasts Hollywood's 'terrible' anorexia problem (and once threatened to QUIT a film after a co-star was told to lose weight)  A blooming lovely couple! Michelle Keegan stuns in a floral jumpsuit from her own collection as she joins husband Mark Wright for London stroll 'Hanging out like best buds': Kendall Jenner is a dream in green as she spends the day shopping with Paris Jackson at a flea market in LA What the Beck! Unrecognisable David Beckham sports gruesome rotting teeth and a HUGE scar on his face on the set of new King Arthur movie  'I would go to sleep crying': Michelle Pfeiffer, 58, talks playing Al Pacino's cocaine-addicted trophy wife in Scarface as she poses for Interview 'Something's cooking': Bar Refaeli announces she's pregnant as she shows off her baby bump... eight months after welcoming her daughter Liv PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Chloe Goodman flaunts her enviable curves in plunging bikini as she soaks up the Maldives sun with her sisters Lauryn and Amelia   Fashion darling Alexa Chung dazzles in show-stopping bardot polka dot gown as she leads the style at the 2017 Portrait Gala 'I've still got my wedding ring on': Rio Ferdinand admits 'there's no given time for moving on' from the death of his wife... amid Kate Wright rumours 'I knew he was struggling': Prince's ex-wife speaks out about the pop icon's devastating addiction, secret overdoses and drug stashes TOWIE's Yazmin Oukhellou flaunts her taut stomach and ample cleavage in sizzling crop top as she walks hand-in-hand with new beau James Lock  'I greet him with a Versace towel and water in a Versace glass': Kim Kardashian reveals she pampers Kanye West after his concerts 'Eamonn was worried that people would think its him!' Ruth Langsford confesses she 'felt sick' when she realised she had shared a VERY explicit photo on Twitter Sun-kissed Millie Mackintosh heads to work while posing in her own designs for high fashion shoot...  after returning from FIFTH vacation of 2017 Giggling Myleene Klass nails the city girl look as she wows in chic trench with shirt dress while heading to work   Nailed city girl style  She Did It Again! Shakira dazzles in lace and leather for children's charity launch in Barcelona... after winning an award for her philanthropic efforts Morning perk! Braless Jenna Dewan Tatum flashes her chest in sheer black top as she exits coffee shop in LA The Step Up star wore a casual outfit  'RIP beautiful princess': Tributes pour in for Zayn Malik's cousin Arshiya after she dies aged five following battle with brain tumour Terrible tragedy There's the money shot! Malin Akerman and onscreen husband Damian Lewis strip off for raunchy sex scene during their hit drama Billions  Claire Sweeney puts on a casual display in workout wear as she enjoys a sunny day at the park with her adorable son Jaxon, 2 Playful day out Another day, another bikini! Victoria's Secret Angel Martha Hunt stuns in green two-piece on Miami vacation It's not secret when she hits the beach 'You're changing lives': 'Amazing' Jeff Brazier is praised by fans for offering advice on coping with grief... days after anniversary of Jade Goody's death 'Tidy your room!' Chloe Ferry proudly shows off her immaculate bedroom before fans spot the VERY messy reality in Instagram video Just in time for Easter: Reese Witherspoon cuddles up to a bunny as she models new dress from her Draper James clothing line The body that cost £1.5m: Surgery addict Alicia Douvall leaves little to the imagination as she flaunts her ample assets in skimpy lingerie Back to business! Bethenny Frankel slips into flattering LBD after posing up a storm in a bikini on Mexican getaway Sported a fitted dress  'I would never play a person of a different race!': Scarlett Johansson answers critics who say her role in Ghost In The Shell is a 'whitewash' Is the Fresh Prince going back to Bel-Air? Internet goes into meltdown as cast of 90s show reunites... raising fans' hopes of a new series Quick change! The spotlight falls on Mary Berry's daughter after a continuity blunder on the cook's show (amid claims she'll take over her mother's empire) Bikini-clad Vicky Pattison downs drinks at Dubai pool party... after saying she 'couldn't be happier' about rekindling romance with beau John Noble  All made up... for takeout! Chrissy Teigen looks chic in straw hat, striped blouse and torn jeans to pick up food at hot spot Madeo in West Hollywood Rooney Mara appears topless as a grieving widow in new trailer for A Ghost Story with Casey Affleck Spooky drama 'It will be weird': Charlotte Crosby is yet to speak with Vicky Pattison about her romance with her Ex On The Beach fling Stephen Bear Daddy's little Idol! Eric Cowell is the spitting image of father Simon as he joins glam mum Lauren Silverman for a spot of fine dining in Malibu Secret admirer? Cara Delevingne holds a red rose as she parties the night away with supermodel pals Kendall Jenner and Lily Donaldson 'It could happen': Nick Jonas sounds hopeful about co-starring with pal Jennifer Lopez in the NBC live musical revival of Bye Bye Birdie . 'I will forever hate myself for it': Lisa Riley expresses regret for not listening to her mother's advice on romance... leading to a string of disastrous relationships 'I wanted to physically harm myself': WWE star Paige reveals pain she suffered after sex tape leaked... as fiance announces their wedding date Mariah Carey relaxes in a robe on her 47th birthday while enjoying luxury beach trip with toyboy Bryan Tanaka 'Live your vile selfish life: Stephanie Davis SLAMS Jeremy McConnell in impassioned rant... hours after declaring her love for him  Off-duty beauty: Make-up free Kate Moss keeps it casual in a khaki jacket and skinny jeans as she leaves a shoot in London Can do low-key glamour Kate Hudson steps out in suede ankle boots and pinstripe trousers...after packing on the PDA with Danny Fujikawa 'We all float down here': Teaser trailer and poster for Stephen King's IT heads down to the sewer with evil clown Pennywise Creepy reboot Bikini babe! Cara Santana flashes hint of cleavage and rock hard abs as she flaunts her bod in sexy Instagram snap Red hot 'It was like meeting someone at a bus stop': Lorraine Pascale admits her birth parents were like 'two strangers' when she met them for the first time John Legend looks typically cool in a statement leather jacket as he arrives for radio interview in Paris SPOILER ALERT: Shaken Ste struggles to piece together what he's done as he wakes up in the shower after Amy is MURDERED on Hollyoaks Val Kilmer claps back at critics who called him 'creepy' and 'obsessive' for revealing his longtime crush on Cate Blanchett Pillow talk! Demi Lovato and Jimmy Fallon make out with cushions as they play teenage besties in hilarious new Ew! segment  Those Night Changes! Liam Payne, 23, jokes about being on nappy duty after welcoming son... as Cheryl, 33, 'plans to conquer mummy market' 'I want you to be better': New trailer for Spider-Man: Homecoming shows Peter Parker being mentored by Tony Stark as they take on Vulture Gemma Collins highlights her curves in a form-fitting jumpsuit as she steps out in Essex with Danielle Armstrong's athletic beau Daniel Spiller My how you've grown! Nicole Kidman's young daughters Sunday Rose and Faith Margaret are the spitting image of their famous mother as they land in Sydney Luisa Zissman displays fab post-baby body in a bust-baring lace-up swimsuit as she enjoys sunny getaway... seven months after birth of daughter Indigo 'Namaste': Lindsay Lohan shows off her cleavage in a plunging black swimsuit as she embraces her inner zen in Thailand At peace with her self-ies 'They are now safe': Ed Sheeran HAS saved the lives of abused Liberian street boys after incredible act of kindness on Comic Relief 'It's the end of March!' EastEnders fans take to Twitter in confusion as SNOW falls on Albert Square while the UK enjoys balmy spring sunshine Her body is still Bootylicious! Kelly Rowland shows off her STUNNING physique in one-piece during day at the beach with son Titan, two  'I've been speaking to them': Marnie Simpson reveals she has been messaging Niall Horan AND James Arthur... following her messy split from cheat Lewis 'Are you impressed with my terrarium?': Holly Willoughby is left speechless at Phillip Schofield's VERY rude gardening innuendo... as she flashes her bra 'I miss LA': Karrueche Tran longs for home as she shares makeup-free selfie in New Orleans... after showing off her fit physique during workout session Out and a pout: Rumer Willis flashes big smile with plumped up lips while promoting new Empire role  Plenty to smile about  Pamela Anderson offers to take Prime Minister of Ireland out for a pint of Guinness if he supports banning the use of wild animals in circuses Charlotte Dawson puts on a busty display in a scarlet co-ord as she enjoys a night out in Barcelona with her glamorous mother Tracy Darlene Cates, star of What's Eating Gilbert Grape, dies aged 69  Best known for her role as Gilbert's mother in the 1993 hit 'She was denying and crying': Kim Kardashian was with Paris Hilton when sex tape leaked.. but soon 'calmed down' when talk turned to MONEY Kendall Jenner cruises around the sunny streets of LA in her eye-catching purple convertible Cadillac Didn't opt for a subtle ride Rihanna strips off as Bates Motel FINALLY reveals its iconic Psycho shower scene... after singer confessed she can't bear to watch her raunchy moments 'Has she come from a club?': Busty Michelle Mone shocks GMB viewers as she cuts a VERY glamorous figure in a plunging black maxi dress What's the buzz Rusty? Russell Crowe channels Romper Stomper character with new crew cut as he works on his fitness with a park kick about Flirty at the fairground: Kim Zolciak's daughter Brielle Biermann kisses boyfriend Michael Kopech while posing for playful shoot 'I think everything I do is terrible': Lorde shows off her quirky style in plunging ensemble... as she reveals her self deprecating side in honest interview Feeling Torn? Natalie Imbruglia holds hands with mystery man and NOT beau Ryan Bienefelt... as he posts about his 'little peanut' Where's her boyfriend? Mel B shimmers in plunging metallic jumpsuit she makes her first public appearance since filing for divorce from Stephen Belafonte at AGT launch 'I want to keep the day really traditional:' Lauren Goodger wants TWO ceremonies and a racy wedding dance as she confesses she can't wait to wed jailbird beau She's a real team player! Queen Letizia of Spain is presented with a basketball shirt emblazoned with her name as she meets young athletes in Madrid Camera shy Demi Moore keeps it casual as she heads home with daughter Scout after a family dinner date Headed out for low key meal with her kids Blue and green SHOULD be seen! Queen Mathilde and Crown Princess Mary are pretty in pastels as the Belgian royals touch down in Denmark Step aside, mum and dad! Jude Law and Sadie Frost's model daughter Iris, 16, stuns in her second make-up campaign for Burberry Essentials Robin Thicke's girlfriend April Love Geary, 22, looks in good spirits during grocery shop run... as she moves on from nude photo leak drama Cheat day! Elsa Hosk stuffs her face with McDonald's French fries after stunning during Victoria's Secret lingerie shoot in Miami Make-up free Liv Tyler cuts a chic figure in specs and skintight leggings as she enjoys a shopping spree in London Billie Faiers finally introduces newborn son Arthur in stunning family shoot... as she reveals fiancé Greg Shepherd almost MISSED the labour 'Is that a prosthetic?': Big Little Lies fans react on Twitter after Alexander Skarsgard appears to go full-frontal Scene on Sunday left fans all aflutter  Just admiring the view! Kristin Cavallari posts nude photo of husband Jay Cutler gazing out at the Caribbean water while on romantic trip to Mexico Legs eleven! Katie Holmes shows off her dancer legs as she models a denim miniskirt under her oversized coat in chilly New York City SPOILER ALERT: Corrie's Bethany Platt discovers her boyfriend Nathan shared a secret smooch with Mel... but will she finally dump the evil manipulator? Shameless star Emmy Rossum's 'house robbed of $150k worth of jewelry after she left combinations written down near home safes' 'I dream of genie vibes': Khloe shows off her svelte figure and trim waist in a plunging white jumpsuit... after revealing she used to be 'shamed' for her curves 'It's just half a bottle of red wine!': GBBO 2016 star Selasi Gbormittah upsets Piers Morgan as they clash over his signature bolognese recipe There's NOTHING everyday about Mary Berry! Show sees her cook with lobster, cruise in her vintage car, milk a goat- and host 1,000 guests in her garden Hotting up! Lily James shows off flat stomach as she peels off turtle neck jumper while enjoying stroll in sunshine with boyfriend Matt Smith She's got that magic hour glow! Margot Robbie enjoys wedded bliss on a tropical beach with a chilled flute of champagne in hand at sunset 'I fell in love': Alec Baldwin recalls moment he asked if Tina Fey was single... and reveals he almost passed on SNL Trump gig Justin Bieber faces being ARRESTED in Brazil four years after allegedly spray painting graffiti on wall of £23m hotel Happened in 2013 'I felt my body had completely failed me': Giovanna Fletcher on how she's in a much better place after revealing her secret miscarriage Starry eyed! Queen Maxima opts for a heavily-embellished coat for another day of engagements with her glamorous guest, Argentina's First Lady Here comes the bridesmaid! Rachel Bilson shows off her perky cleavage in dramatic blush-coloured gown at friend's wedding Doing her duties  Made In Chelsea's Ryan was threatened by James the gentle giant - size-wise that is - and the cast voted for Binky to have a baby girl, as if it was Brexit Romeo Beckham, 14, shares a sweet moment with little sister Harper, five, as he gushes about their close relationship in family Instagram snaps  Kendall Jenner stuns in belted silk jacket (and not much else) as she poses with Lily Donaldson at Valerian teaser screening Always stands out PICTURED: Coronation Street's beloved Ken Barlow is hospitalised after plunging down a flight of stairs... but who pushed him? The end for Ken? First look at the new Lara Croft: Alicia Vikander takes over from Angelina Jolie in Tomb Raider remake as new photos and plot details emerge  TOWIE's Jon Clark ridicules fellow diners by referring to them as 'swingers' in humiliating Instagram Not exactly the Mr. Nice Guy image Billie Lourd and Taylor Lautner enjoy smitten poppy field date... as it's revealed she isn't looking after her late mother Carrie Fisher's beloved bulldog Gary  Grizzled Casey Affleck is joined by screen daughter Anna Pniowsky as they shoot scenes for new drama Light Of My Life on Vancouver Island Heaven sent! Victoria's Secret Angel Jasmine Tookes stuns in a backless off-shoulder top and flares as she enjoys dinner date The return of killer Joe Miller, the wrath of Cath Atwood and Ed Burnett, plus THREE different rape suspects...The menace increased in Broadchurch Beware a clown with a red balloon! New creepy images from Stephen King's IT released and Pennywise is more sinister than ever Not clowning around Louis Tomlinson looks in high spirits while posing for selfies with fans in Miami...as he is set to appear in court over airport brawl at LAX Busy mommy! Blake Lively looks chic in newsboy cap as she rushes into cab... after Ryan Reynolds reveals he 'doesn't mind' her kissing other actors Eminem's daughter Hailie Scott, 21, stuns in latest Instagram photos... as it's revealed she's a normal college student 'It was fate': Ray Quinn reveals he has found love once again with school teacher Emily Fletcher insisting his four-year-old son Harry remains his 'priority' 'So thrilled'! Made In Chelsea parents-to-be Binky Felstead and JP finally confirm they are expecting a GIRL Delightedly announced news on Monday 'People think I'm gay': David Walliams admits 'life would be simpler' if he wasn't attracted to women... and doesn't know why people rule out same-sex romances Out of this world! Cara Delevingne shows off her long legs in futuristic outfit at screening for her sci-fi movie Valerian A very fashionable future  A sheer winner! Tyra Banks wears see-through lace pantsuit as she gears up for her new role as host of America's Got Talent New girl in town Double trouble! Heidi Klum shows off her long legs in purple mini as Mel B glitters in low-cut jumpsuit at America's Got Talent event Glam girls 'Deeply fake news but quite cute': Lorde reveals she was NOT at New Zealand dance party as impersonator fools partygoers Spitting image Happy Birthday Mommy! Fergie celebrates turning 42 with sung greetings from husband Josh Duhamel and their son Axl Bella Thorne tells fans she 'hates' being single before sharing saucy Snapchats from a night out with friends Known for being a serial dater 'I'll love him always': Stephanie Davis acknowledges ex Jeremy McConnell's arrest for first time... hours after he blocks her on Twitter Mommy and me! Charlize Theron shares a playful moment with her daughter August... returning home after a whirlwind week in Asia Just the two of us 'Never let go': Sofia Richie, 18, gets SEVENTH tattoo with a personal motto inked on her wrist Inking of going for a full collection? Start and end! Katie Maloney and Tom Schwartz wed as Scheana Marie plans for divorce on Vanderpump Rules Highs and lows 'It really means a lot': New dad Liam Payne, 23, returns to Twitter on behalf of girlfriend Cheryl, 33, to thank everyone for their 'love and support' Jessica Chastain strikes a sultry pose in cleavage-baring Alexander McQueen dress at the premiere of The Zookeeper's Wife Eye-popping display 'It's still very up in the air': Marnie Simpson affirms she did NOT cheat on ex Lewis Bloor... but she still 'cares' for him despite his womanising ways 'He's just the best guy': Ryan Gosling raves about co-star Harrison Ford while promoting Blade Runner sequel at CinemaCon  Seeing Angels! Victoria's Secret models Taylor Hill and Romee Strijd have lunch together in Hollywood They are the model lunch partners Gordon Ramsay's Nightly Show debut goes off air for THREE minutes... as ITV suffers technical glitch Another blow for the struggling show 'This isn't the last you've seen of me': Maksim Chmerkovskiy vows to return to DWTS alongside Heather Morris after calf injury keeps him on sidelines 'He's doing a f**king good job!' Gordon Ramsay's foul-mouthed Nightly Show debut divides viewers... as incorrect spelling of his name trends on Twitter Mark Francis helps Binky dress for pregnancy, Sam gets a drink chucked over him and Baby Felstead's gender is revealed on MIC  Noel Gallagher's 17-year-old daughter Anais recalls getting her first PONY aged seven and outlines hopes of Oscars win by 27 in candid interview There she blows! Kyra Sedgwick has a Marilyn Monroe moment as a gust of wind lifts up her skirt during outing with husband Kevin Bacon Wind beneath her skirt You have GOAT to be kid-ding me! Mary Berry, 82, is almost taken out by a farm animal as she tries to milk it on new baking series Dwayne 'The Rock' Johnson shows off his huge biceps in leather jacket as he promotes Jumanji reboot Bursting out of his leather jacket 'What's life without a sausage roll?' Vicky McClure refuses to move away from Greggs for Hollywood... as she gushes about life up North with Jonny Owen Home sweet home! Ronan Keating's wife Storm shows off her baby bump in a tight dress as she welcomes her happy husband at Sydney airport 'I had a $28,000 hotel bill': Cher claims the REAL reason she finally agreed to appear on David Letterman's show was for the paycheck Price of forgiveness Still going (Arm)strong! TOWIE's Yazmin Oukhellou packs on PDA in united display with beau James Lock... amid bitter feud with his taken ex Danielle Drake abruptly cancels Amsterdam concert on doctor's orders after falling 'sick'... as fans vent frustration on Twitter Blow to fans 'It looks dope': Prince Jackson shows off massive armour inspired tattoo on his chest after months of work Tattoo mad like his sister SPOILER ALERT: EastEnders' Martin Fowler left fuming as he tries to attack Preston after Michelle's sordid sex scandal is finally exposed Devon Windsor shows off her killer legs in tiny Daisy Dukes for photo shoot in Miami Showed exactly why she's a Victoria's Secret model Klass act! Myleene enjoys romantic night out with beau Simon Motson in dazzling one-shoulder gown as they lead the style at the English National Opera Making them green with envy! Julianne Hough dazzles on the red carpet in plunging emerald gown for Dancing With The Stars What a gem! 'It's not curable': Coleen Nolan breaks down as she reveals her 'incredible' elder sister Linda is battling cancer  Revealed latest family tragedy on TV Lucky Leo! DiCaprio's supermodel girlfriend Nina Agdal sends temperatures soaring as she slips into an array of steamy swimsuits A dog's life! Selma Blair takes her pooch Ducky for a day of pampering at the salon in Los Angeles The 44-year-old enjoyed a pamper session EXCLUSIVE - Beyonce's dad is sued for $50k after 'refusing to pay a legal bill and hiding profits he made auctioning off Destiny's Child memorabilia' Nigella Lawson's daughter Cosima Diamond, 23, is the spitting image of her famous mum, 57, as they enjoy a girls' night out at the theatre Greased Lightning strikes twice! John Travolta and Olivia Newton-John set to return as Sandy and Danny to mark 40 year anniversary of original SPOILER ALERT: Ste has blood on his hands as Amy is found DEAD on Hollyoaks... after threatening to take his children away to America Nancy Dell'Olio, 55, flaunts her toned figure in unique figure-hugging flared jumpsuit at Opera Gala She showed her sensational frame  'I saw the pain in my eyes': Dynasty star Linda Evans shocked by online leak of 'disturbing' 2014 DUI arrest footage Didn't recognise herself Lily Allen wryly smiles as she channels nineties chic in vintage woolly jumper following romantic night out with beau MC Meridian Dan in London She likes a man in the kitchen! Scarlett Johansson reveals her two celebrity crushes are Gordon Ramsay and Anthony Bourdain Leggy Lorde looks sophisticated in a kooky pinstripe dress as she delights fans in London with radio appearance She's a style Royal Meg Ryan bundles up as she has a girls' day out in NYC with daughter Daisy The 55-year-old actress kept off the chill on mother/daughter day Cor(rie) blimey! Busty Michelle Keegan flaunts her washboard abs and toned physique in a tiny coral crop top The former soap star looked abs-fab Has George Michael been buried under cover of darkness? Photo posted by boyfriend Fadi Fawaz sparks flurry of internet speculation 'Don your best bikini and slay': Sam Thompson slips into the same MINUSCULE bikini as his sister Louise as he once again mocks her holiday snaps  Jailbird Apollo Nida 'on the hunt for millions' after judge nullifies divorce from Real Housewives' Phaedra Parks Rocky road to divorce  Showing support! Laura Prepon accentuates baby bump in stripes at Netflix event with fiance Ben Foster Orange Is The New Baby Hello from the after-party! Adele lets loose on the dance floor in slip-on shoes and no makeup after revealing she may NEVER tour again   'She's a child': Katie Price comes under fire after sharing photo of daughter Princess, nine, posing in a bikini during idyllic Maldives holiday as fans defend her 'Wish I was that horse!' Actress Elsa Pataky posts hilarious snap of husband Chris Hemsworth cuddling up to a horse Horsing around Shabby Chanel chic for Kiera: Actress pairs jacket with Dr Martens on visit to east London cafe with her husband  Low-key look  Together again! Jane Fonda and Lily Tomlin arrive in style at chat show to promote new season of Netflix series Promoting second series of Grace and Frankie Katie Holmes looks stylish as she steps out in New York's Soho district dressed in a button-up coat and cat-eye glasses Will and graceful lady! Drew Barrymore's ex husband Kopelman dines out with mystery woman in LA He is footloose and fancy free once more Beautiful in blue! Debra Messing, 48, wows in body hugging navy gown to receive honors at New York gala Flaunted her delicate decolletage Jennifer Garner looks in good spirits on coffee run after VERY friendly church visit with ex Ben Affleck  Happy families  'I was in a lot of pain after those really violent scenes': Nicole Kidman reveals being hit by Alexander Skarsgard during Big Little Lies took a toll 'He was devastated': Nicole Kidman says husband Keith Urban was shocked at her bruises after sex scenes with Alexander Skarsgard His life is one big musical! Pharrell Williams' story will be transformed into song for the big screen  Happy singer will tell his tale  Glee vet Matthew Morrison 'will guest star on season 13 of Grey's Anatomy' as Dr Paul Stadler Famed for starring as lovable teacher Will Schuester Clem Curtis, the original lead singer of The Foundations, has died age 76 following a battle with cancer Grieving family announced on Monday Kim Kardashian dons tiny cropped top which showcases her rock hard abs in seductive Instagram snap SPOILER ALERT: Katie Cassidy returns to Arrow...as a different character than the one she started out playing Flex appeal! A muscular Justin Theroux shows off his ripped arms in edgy punk shirt leaving the gym Lucky Jennifer! 'My hero, my mentor': Shannen Doherty pays touching tribute to her late father to commemorate his birthday Passed away in 2009 Something's brewing! Samuel L. Jackson and Oscar Isaac team up as they film dramatic scene for Life Itself in New York 'I can confirm it's over': Simon Bird breaks Inbetweeners fans' hearts as he insists the series is finished forever  Fuller House star Jodie Sweetin's ex-fiance Justin Hodak 'arrested for violating restraining order against her' Restraining order requiring him to stay away from star Monday optional! Lea Michele beats of the start-of-the-week blues as she runs errands make-up free The 30-year-old actress wore a sleeveless tank  'I'm not commenting on it at all': Teen Mom 2 star Jenelle Evans refuses to address new co-star Briana DeJesus after 2014 Twitter row Getting close in Cancun! Supergirl star Melissa Benoist shows off her slender frame as she vacations with co-star Chris Wood 'Stop and frisky': Erika Jayne plays naughty motorist with Gleb Savchenko as officer on Dancing With The Stars A very arresting dance routine The look of love! Christine Lampard stares adoringly at husband Frank as they enjoy a sunny breakfast in Chelsea Still head over heels Coquettish, me? No, it was just down to clever editing, claims Nigella: TV cook says she did not understand the double entendres that helped make her name  Salmon by the sea: Love Island star Katie struggles to contain her curves in a skimpy snakeskin bikini as she hits the beach in Dubai On a girls' break 'In the bedroom she'll say, 'you can't do that to me, you're my big brother!'' Kyle and Jackie O are shocked as a listener reveals he had a baby with his SISTER  Danniella Westbrook emerges in Spain after revealing secret miscarriage and plans for rehab in Twitter outburst MIC's Tiffany Watson flaunts her enviably gym-honed figure in vibrant bikini as she joins Frankie Gaff for cheeky Instagram video in Mauritius Billie Lourd chooses NOT to attend public memorial for mom Carrie Fisher and grandmother Debbie Reynolds as she had dinner with her father instead  I like the way you Rock'It Man: James Corden favours off-duty Elton John's favourite tracksuit and kooky specs look at Late Late Show filming Chip off the old block! Mike Comrie plays indoor hockey with son Luca as Hilary Duff films family fun for Snapchat Daring Dakota! Ms Johnson wears a Flaming Lips T-shirt with image of topless woman during solo shopping spree in West Hollywood Love in the air? Katy Perry, 32, and Ryan Phillippe, 42, 'totally flirting' at Elton John's 70th birthday bash Jerry Hall, 60, shows off her gorgeous figure in slinky lace gown as she cosies up to husband Rupert Murdoch, 86, at English National Opera gala 'She never spoiled herself': Angelina Jolie, 41, makes rare comments about her mother who died 10 years ago from cancer as she plugs Guerlain Jamie Oliver will visit Australia in May to launch new menu at his Jamie's Italian restaurants - after his company bought back the eateries She Khan't help herself! Curvy Chloe threatens to bust out of racy harness bra as she poses in negligee for the Geordie Shore boys' new brand Calls for Sir Patrick Stewart to appear on SNL as Kellyanne as old pictures of him in drag resurface looking UNCANNILY like Trump's counselor Conway  Wet hair, don't care! Nicole Kidman arrives at mother Janelle's house with Keith Urban sporting damp tresses... before leaving with her signature curls in a chic updo 'Hey guys, get out of my shot': Shirtless Chris Hemsworth steals the limelight as he photobombs his friend's romantic poolside snap The Rich Kids of Instagram are back in envy-inducing snaps of their early exotic holidays as they flaunt their figures in skimpy swimsuits Ruth Langsford suffers epic social media fail as she accidentally shares a VERY explicit photo alongside sweet Mother's Day tribute to her mum and sister 'The show will go ahead without him': Jeremy McConnell 'AXED from Ex On The Beach'... after arrest for allegedly assaulting ex Stephanie Davis Field of dreams for sale! Kevin Costner lists his sprawling Montecito property for $60million Fit to bust! Casey Batchelor threatens to spill out of tiny bikini top in eye-popping selfie... after saying her boobs have 'grown back' following breast reduction She's got chemistry! Make-up free Lily Collins proves she has effortless beauty down to a science during trip to gym 'Glad last week's over': Jeff Brazier says having Mother's Day and the anniversary of their mum Jade Goody's death is 'cruel blow' for his sons 'My skin is looking so good right now': Ashley James shows off new platinum locks as she goes make-up free in 'self-indulgent' post shower selfie Kendall Jenner flashes her nipples in extremely sheer bra as she puts on a daring display for Marilyn Monroe inspired shoot with Love Magazine Jemma Lucy bares all as she turns a hospital visit into a VERY racy shoot... after launching another foul-mouthed tirade at nemesis Charlotte Crosby Former TOWIE star Elliott Wright's fiancée Sadie Stuart puts on busty display in plunging lilac bikini as the couple enjoy getaway in Tenerife 'He likes what I like: cars, women, jewelry': Kylie Jenner's boyfriend Tyga on raising his 'spoiled' son King Cairo, four Vanessa Hudgens flaunts her impressive abs bin barely-there workout gear while leaving a gym in LA Envy-inducing middle  'Don't judge a book by its cover': Lindsay Lohan cloaks her head in white cloth in new Instagram after 'finding solace' while studying the Koran 'Saltwater hair': Kristin Cavallari bares her cleavage in string bikini during trip to Mexico after moving out of Illinois with husband Jay Cutler 'No big deal!': Kaley Cuoco enjoys beer in plunging top with boyfriend Karl Cook on day trip to Florida for Winter Equestrian Festival Gwyneth Paltrow proves her unusual health routines get results as she shows off natural beauty in Barcelona Kate Moss channels Parisian chic as she cuts a stylish figure in all black while catching up with best friend James Brown in London They won't get a ratings boost from Yeezy! Kanye West is 'NOT in talks to join Ryan Seacrest's revamped American Idol' It's a girl! Supernatural's Jared Padalecki and wife Genevieve Cortese welcome daughter Odette Elliott SPOILER ALERT: What about Ash? Pia Miller stuns in a summery frock as she films 'morning after' scenes for Home and Away with hunky tattooed co-star Jake Ryan Sarah Paulson may play Princess Diana on the next season of Feud which will focus on the royal's tempestuous relationship with Prince Charles Jeremy Kyle receives just £4 from more than 200 passers-by as he BEGS on the street while disguised as a homeless person for an 'extremely humbling' TV experiment 'There's an ache in my heart that never goes away': TOWIE's Carol Wright emotionally marks second Mother's Day without her mother Nanny Pat 'We're still friends': Darius Campbell confirms he and wife Natasha Henstridge are getting divorced despite briefly rekindling romance last year 'You had me at Merlot!': Eva Longoria wears funny statement top as she enjoys kisses from husband José Antonio Bastón Singer Sia wears giant pink bow and one of her quirky wigs to teach kids about the letter S alongside Grover on Sesame Street Head Start to Home Cooked Get Recipes more SHARE PICTURE Copy link to paste in your message Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Network This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Contributors Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 27 March 2017 by satprnews satprnews Global Hepatitis Drugs Market Estimates and Forecasts, 2017 – 2023 OrbisResearch.com has published new research report on ” Global Hepatitis Drugs Market – Drivers, Opportunities, Trends, and Forecasts: 2017–2023” to its database. Overview: Hepatitis is a medical condition where the liver is predominantly affected, which can also affect the digestive system and brain. There are three major types of hepatitis condition – HAV, HBV, and HCV. HCV is a major public health problem that attacks the liver and leads to inflammation. Certain drugs, toxins, heavy alcohol use, bacterial and viral infections can cause hepatitis infection. Hepatitis C infection can bring both acute and chronic hepatitis disease. Approximately, 80% of the patients get chronically infected with Hepatitis C disease. Hepatitis C Virus (HCV) spreads through the blood of an infected individual by the use of shared needles or supplies used to infuse drugs. Vaccines are available only for Hepatitis A and Hepatitis B viruses. Research into the development of a vaccine for Hepatitis C is under way. Factors such as rise in injection drug users, increase in awareness, presence of unmet need, and anticipated launch of new drugs are expected to drive the market growth during the forecast period. The market is witnessing the emerging trend of pediatric combination vaccines, which protect against multiple causative agents and thereby reduce the costs gain in packaging and administering individual vaccines. The markets in India, Brazil, China, and Russia are also expected to grow at a rapid pace during the forecast period as the prevalence of hepatitis in these countries is high. Request a free sample copy of Report with Table of contents@ http://www.orbisresearch.com/contacts/request-sample/240667 The major drivers of the hepatitis drugs market include the second generation DAAs of Olysio and Sovaldi. Second generation DAAs are more efficacious and have lesser adverse effects. Currently, the market players are developing IFN therapies for the treatment of Hepatitis C. These therapies are intended to be all-oral regimens. The HCV drugs segment comprised more than 84% of the total market share in 2016. A major focus in this segment is expected to drive the growth of the hepatitis drugs market in the future. Market Analysis: The “Global Hepatitis Drugs Market” is estimated to witness a CAGR of 15.0% during the forecast period 2017–2023. The Hepatitis Drugs market is analyzed based on two segments – conditions and regions. Regional Analysis: The regions covered in the report are the Americas, Europe, Asia Pacific, and Rest of the World (RoW). The Americas is set to be the leading region for the hepatitis drugs market growth followed by Europe. The Asia Pacific and RoW are set to be the emerging regions. Japan is set to be the most attractive destination and in Africa, the popularity and the usage of various HBV and HCV drugs are expected to increase in the coming years. Therapeutic Application Analysis: The most common hepatitis being viral hepatitis can be caused by either of the five hepatotropic viruses, namely Hepatitis A, Hepatitis B, Hepatitis C, Hepatitis D, and Hepatitis E. The non-viral hepatitis can be caused by autoimmune diseases, alcohol, few of prescription medications, and toxic substances. Globally, the industry players are focusing significantly on R&D to gain approval for various clinical trials for future HBV and HCV drugs to be commercially available in the market. The advent of interferon-free combination regimens and DAAs is one of the major drivers for the global hepatitis drugs market, specifically for the HCV market. Moreover, various IFN-regimens are under development as all-oral regimens. These therapies are expected to attain higher SVR and cause lesser side effects than currently approved therapies. The market is also witnessing various mergers, acquisitions, and collaborations among the top players, which is defining the future of the Global Hepatitis Drugs market. Key Players: Gilead Sciences Inc., Abbvie Inc., Johnson & Johnson, Merck & Co. Inc., GlaxoSmithKline plc, Vertex Pharmaceuticals Inc., Novartis AG, Hoffmann-La Roche Ltd., and other predominate & niche players. Competitive Analysis: At present, the HCV drugs are dominating the Global Hepatitis Drugs market – but, a lot of new players are focusing on developing HBV drug molecules to gain future business opportunities. Especially, big players along with the collaboration with other SMBs for clinical trials of hepatitis molecules and compounds are coming with new commercial targeted drugs in the market and they are expecting a double-digit growth in the upcoming years. Significant investments in R&D in this market are expected to increase and collaborations, merger & acquisition activities are expected to continue. Enquiry Before buying Report@ http://www.orbisresearch.com/contacts/enquiry-before-buying/240667 Benefits: The report provides complete details about the usage and adoption rate of hepatitis drugs in various therapeutic verticals and regions. With that, key stakeholders can know about the major trends, drivers, investments, vertical player’s initiatives, and government initiatives towards the hepatitis drugs adoption in the upcoming years along with the details of commercial drugs available in the market. Moreover, the report provides details about the major challenges that are going to impact on the market growth. Additionally, the report gives the complete details about the key business opportunities to key stakeholders to expand their business and capture the revenue in the specific verticals to analyze before investing or expanding the business in this market. Countries Covered: North America, Western Europe, Asia Pacific (Excluding Japan), Central Eastern Europe, Middle East & Africa and Latin America Companies Covered: Gilead Sciences Inc,Abbvie Inc,Johnson & Johnson,Merck & Co Inc,Gloxosmithkline PLC Vertex Pharmaceuticals Inc,Novartis AG,Hoffmann-LA Roche Ltd,Merck & Co Inc,Hoffmann-La Roche Ltd Gilead Sciences,Novartis AG,GlaxoSmithKline Plc. About Us:                  Orbis Research (orbisresearch.com) is a single point aid for all your market research requirements. We have vast database of reports from the leading publishers and authors across the globe. We specialize in delivering customised reports as per the requirements of our clients. We have complete information about our publishers and hence are sure about the accuracy of the industries and verticals of their specialisation. This helps our clients to map their needs and we produce the perfect required market research study for our clients. Contact Us:       Hector Costello Senior Manager – Client Engagements 4144N Central Expressway, Suite 600, Dallas, Texas – 75204, U.S.A. Phone No.: +1 (214) 884-6817; +912064101019 Email ID: sales@orbisresearch.com CategoriesUncategorized TagsBusiness, capture, Companies, Electronics, Google News, Health, Industry, Investment, Machinery, major, Manufacturing and Construction, Markets, satPRnews, World Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Starhome Mach Streamlines Management of Roaming Agreements Next PostNext 2017 Influenza A Virus, H3N2 Subtype Infections Industry Survey Market and Forecasts – Market Research HUB Search Business Contacts Business Directory Proudly powered by WordPress
HOME EDITION News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Investing Trading Nation Trader Talk Financial Advisors Personal Finance CNBC Explains Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows Watch Live CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Full Episodes More Log In | Register Log Out News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Consumer Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Take a Tour Subscribe Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Investing Trading Nation Trader Talk Financial Advisors Personal Finance CNBC Explains Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Special Reports Balancing Priorities CNBC Disruptor 50 Iconic Tour CNBC Upstart 25 SXSW Tech Transformers Trader Talk Future Opportunities Retail Report Original Series Executive Edge Trading Nation Futures Now Retire Well The Pulse @ 1 Market The Bottom Line CNBC Events Davos Delivering Alpha eMerge Americas iCONIC Conference Cambridge Cyber Summit Sohn Conference Follow CNBC EDITION Register Log In Profile Email Preferences PRO Sign Out Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Take a Tour Subscribe LIVE TV Watch CNBC TV Watch CNBC Pro Watchlist X × × × × Market Insider with Patti Domm Early movers: DOW, DD, CALM, GIII, VIAB, AZN, DIS, UPS, AMZN & more Peter Schacknow | @peterschack Monday, 27 Mar 2017 | 7:55 AM ETCNBC.com SHARES Michael Nagle | Bloomberg via Getty Images Check out which companies are making headlines before the bell: Dow Chemical, DuPont – The two chemical companies have received European Commission approval for their planned merger, with some divestment conditions. The deal still needs U.S. approval, but many analysts have considered Europe's approval the most difficult to obtain. Health-care stocks – The entire sector is on watch today, following the Friday afternoon withdrawal of the GOP health-care reform bill. That list would include numerous stocks from insurers such as Aetna, Cigna, and UnitedHealth Group, to drugmakers like Abbott Labs, Merck, and Eli Lilly, to hospital operators like Tenet Healthcare, Community Health Systems, and HealthSouth. Cal-Maine Foods – The egg producer fell 12 cents a share short of forecasts, with quarterly profit of nine cents per share. Revenue was well short of estimates, as well. The company said the egg market has been extremely volatile, with the latest results a reflection of lower market prices and weaker demand. G-III Apparel – The maker of fashion and athletic apparel reported an adjusted quarterly loss of 16 cents per share, six cents a share wider than expected. Revenue also fell short of Street estimates. The company said it was pleased with its performance in the face of retail headwinds and the near-term dilutive effect of its Donna Karan acquisition. Viacom – Viacom shares could rise 40 percent this year, according to a Barron's article. The paper said new CEO Bob Bakish could boost the company's fortunes with a focus on the Paramount Pictures Studio and a handful of its cable networks. AstraZeneca – The drugmaker won China approval for its Tagrisso drug, a pill designed to treat lung cancer. Walt Disney – Disney's "Beauty and the Beast" dominated the weekend box office once again, taking in $88.3 million in North American ticket sales. United Parcel Service – UPS was found to have illegally shipped millions of cigarettes to New York State addresses from Native American reservations. A judge ruled that New York State and New York City are entitled to damages due to unpaid taxes. Barclays – The bank sold $1.6 billion in near-prime and subprime loans to privately held personal loan company Credit Shop, according to The Wall Street Journal. Apple – Apple won a China victory when a court overturned a prior ruling against the company over iPhone patents. The court ruled that the iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 plus do not infringe on patents involving exterior designed that had been held by a local manufacturer that is now out of business. Separately, Apple was added to the "Focus List" at J.P. Morgan Securities, based on a projection of above-consensus iPhone sales. Amazon – Dubai-based mall operator Emaar Malls is offering $800 million for Mideast online retailer Souq.com, following last week's reports that Amazon had agreed in principle to buy it. Separately, a New York Times story said Amazon is considering physical stores that would sell furniture and home appliances. MoneyGram – MoneyGram has struck a confidentiality agreement with rival money transfer company Euronet, which has made an unsolicited bid for buy MoneyGram for $15.20 per share. Snap – Snap was rated "overweight" in new coverage at Morgan Stanley, noting the Snapchat parent's engagement with hard-to-reach millennial users. Starbucks – Starbucks was rated "outperform" in resumed coverage at Telsey Advisory Group, based on the coffee chain operator's plans to maintain significant growth. Adobe Systems – The software maker was upgraded to "buy" from "hold" at BTIG, which projects sustained growth in cash flow and earnings over the next few years. Intuit – The tax preparation software company's stock was removed from Goldman's "Conviction Buy" list, although it retains a "buy" rating. Goldman said the environment for consumer tax companies has turned more challenging. KB Home – The home builder's stock was cut to "market perform" from "market outperform" at JMP Securities, based on valuation. The shares are trading near a 52-week high following last week's upbeat earnings. Peter SchacknowSenior Producer, CNBC Related Securities Symbol Price   Change %Change DOW ---
Editions Africa Australia France Global United Kingdom United States Sections Home Arts + Culture Economy + Business Education Environment + Energy Ethics + Religion Health + Medicine Politics + Society Science + Technology Search Services Newsletter Read on Play Newsstand Information Who we are Our charter Our team Partners and funders Contributing institutions Contact us Donate Friends of The Conversation Privacy policy Terms and conditions Corrections Edition: Available editions United States Africa Australia France Global United Kingdom Donate Become an author Sign up as a reader Sign in Get newsletter Search Academic rigor, journalistic flair Arts + Culture Economy + Business Education Environment + Energy Ethics + Religion Health + Medicine Politics + Society Science + Technology Follow Topics Free trade Unemployment Prescription drugs Subscribe Workspace Redefining the way we live and work Co-working is evolving to combine co-living March 27, 2017 1.21am EDT Libby Sander Author Libby Sander Libby Sander is a Friend of The Conversation. Lecturer, Bond Business School, Bond University Partners View all partners Republish this article Republish our articles for free, online or in print, under Creative Commons license. Co-working can be a refreshing change for many employees where the design of the workplace and the politics of their organisation means they are simply too tired. www.shutterstock.com Email Twitter Facebook LinkedIn WhatsApp Messenger Recent reports estimate that by 2020 1.55 billion workers will be responsible for work that does not confine them to a desk. Already, up to 80% of employees work at least one day a week out of the office. Co-working, where employees and the self-employed share workspace, ideas and knowledge, started in 2005 in San Francisco. Once the domain of techies working on start-ups, co-working spaces continue to evolve rapidly. In 2017 it is estimated over one million people will work from co-working spaces. In 2016, a single co-working company recorded a valuation of US$16 billion dollars, highlighting the growth of an industry that didn’t exist just over a decade ago. Users of co-working spaces often report feeling that they are part of a social movement. In co-working spaces, helping each other out, even those you have just met, is the norm. Indeed, the co-working movement prides itself on a set of core values, community, openness, collaboration, sustainability and accessibility. This can be a refreshing change for many employees where the design of the workplace and the politics of their organisation means they are simply too tired, stressed or distracted to help their colleagues. Globally, organisations such as Merck, GE and the Guardian newspaper are regularly using co-working spaces for their employees. Research shows that users report increases in learning, new networks and the benefits of working close to the users of their services or products. The promise of these anecdotal stories is now being supported in emerging research. In a study reported in Harvard Business Review, researchers from the University of Michigan found that users of co-working spaces experienced greater meaning from their work, and experienced thriving at work far more than their office based colleagues. Additionally, with many choosing to work from co-working spaces closer to home, commuting times and traffic congestion are reduced. Some research however indicates that the inherently social nature of co-working spaces may lead to similar issues experienced by regular office users such as distraction and lack of privacy. Another study found that the co-working space itself was not enough to encourage connections and collaboration, and that a space host may be necessary to catalyse these relationships. These changes to the way we work are bringing a focus on both the role of the stand alone workplace, and the design of cities. As co-working spaces evolve to meet the demand of workers for flexible, autonomous and creative work environments, broader changes are occurring in how we work and live. Co-working spaces offer the potential to address other challenges facing our future cities as they provide accessible space for individuals to work, attend learning events and become part of a like minded community. This is important given predictions regarding changes to the urban landscape. The Australian Bureau of Statistics predicts a 65% increase in the number of single person households in Australia. For Australia particularly, housing affordability continues to be a significant issue. As governments and cities grapple with ways to address these issues, new projects in the collaborative economy are showing promise in addressing a number of these issues. In London, the world’s largest co-living community opened its doors to 550 residents. While residents have their own units with bedroom, bathroom and kitchenette, the project offers all inclusive rent with access to a restaurant, co-working spaces, wifi, gym, cinema, spa, larger kitchens and dining rooms. Aside from convenience and flexibility, early indications suggest that co-living residents are attracted to the sense of community. While empirical research on co-living is yet to emerge, 96% of residents of co-housing communities report increased life satisfaction according to research. As similar projects are underway globally, research suggests this trend will increase as solutions are offered for adults at all life stages. Space Housing Employees co-working Office Previous post December 19, 2016 Should we bring back the office in 2017? Tweet Share Get newsletter Found this article useful? A tax-deductible gift of $30/month helps deliver knowledge-based, ethical journalism. Make a donation Most popular on The Conversation Why losing a dog can be harder than losing a relative or friend How our morals might politically polarize just about anything How a Christian movement is growing rapidly in the midst of religious decline Stop obsessing over talent—everyone can sing Children understand far more about other minds than long believed A big pawprint: The environmental impact of pet food What’s behind phantom cellphone buzzes? How did celibacy become mandatory for priests? Six charts that illustrate the divide between rural and urban America Debunking the ‘gaydar’ myth Expert Database Find experts with knowledge in:* Want to write? Write an article and join a growing community of more than 48,100 academics and researchers from 1,990 institutions. Register now The Conversation Community Community standards Republishing guidelines Friends of The Conversation Research and Expert Database Our feeds Donate Company Who we are Our charter Our team Partners and funders Contributing institutions Resource for media Contact us Stay informed Subscribe to our Newsletters Email address ✔ Africa Australia France Global United Kingdom United States Follow us on social media Privacy policy Terms and conditions Corrections Copyright © 2010–2017, The Conversation US, Inc.
Contact Us Journalists Blog Log In Sign Up Send a Release News Solutions Resources Search News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News dansk Deutsch español Français italiano Nederlands norsk português suomeksi svenska Pancreatic Cancer Treatment Market Analysis By Affected Region (Exocrine, Endocrine), By Type (Chemotherapy, Targeted Therapy, Others), By Region (North America, Europe, Asia Pacific, Latin America And MEA), And Segment Forecasts, 2014 - 2025 News provided by Reportlinker Mar 27, 2017, 19:00 ET Share this article NEW YORK, March 27, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- The global pancreatic cancer treatment market is expected to reach USD 4.2 billion in 2025, according to a new report by Grand View Research, Inc. Increasing tobacco consumption, smoking, obesity, and growing awareness pertaining to various treatment options available are propelling the market growth at a global level. The peak incidence of pancreatic cancer is seen in the age group of 65 to 75 years. Thus, growing geriatric population is also expected to drive the growth during the forecast period. According to an article published in the National Center for Biotechnology Information in 2015, pancreatic cancer is one of the most dangerous malignancies and is the fourth most common cause of cancer deaths in the U.S. Furthermore, pancreatic cancer is expected to be the second common cause of death in the U.S., by 2030. These factors together would propel the market growth in the forecast period. Further key findings from the study suggest: The study suggests that exocrine cancer is by far the most common type of pancreatic cancer accounting for more than 95% of the overall pancreatic cancer types Among the treatment types, targeted therapy occupied the largest share since it is considered as the most effective treatment option, which blocks the growth and spread of cancer cells without damaging healthy cells North America dominated the segment with the largest revenue share in 2015 due to high adoption rate of advanced treatment options and highly developed healthcare infrastructure Asia Pacific is anticipated to show a significant growth during the forecast period, mainly due to increasing government initiatives, growing awareness regarding the treatment options for pancreatic cancer, and the availability of highly sophisticated medical infrastructure for effective treatment Some of the major companies operating in this market are, but are not limited to, Eli Lilly and Company; Celgene Corporation; F. Hoffmann-La Roche AG; Amgen, Inc.; Novartis AG; PharmaCyte Biotech, Inc.; Clovis Oncology; Teva Pharmaceutical Industries Ltd.; Merck & Co., Inc.; and Pfizer, Inc. Read the full report: http://www.reportlinker.com/p04785486-summary/view-report.html About Reportlinker ReportLinker is an award-winning market research solution. Reportlinker finds and organizes the latest industry data so you get all the market research you need - instantly, in one place. http://www.reportlinker.com __________________________ Contact Clare: clare@reportlinker.com US: (339)-368-6001 Intl: +1 339-368-6001 To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/pancreatic-cancer-treatment-market-analysis-by-affected-region-exocrine-endocrine-by-type-chemotherapy-targeted-therapy-others-by-region-north-america-europe-asia-pacific-latin-america-and-mea-and-segment-forecasts-300430024.html SOURCE Reportlinker Related Links http://www.reportlinker.com Mar 27, 2017, 19:01 ET Preview: UHT Soup (Soups) Market in Europe - Outlook to 2020: Market Size, Growth and Forecast Analytics Mar 27, 2017, 18:56 ET Preview: U.S. Specialty Oleochemicals Market Analysis By Product (Specialty Esters, Fatty Acid Methyl Esters, Glycerol Esters, Alkoxylates, Fatty Amines), By Application, Competitive Landscape, And Segment Forecasts, 2014 - 2025 My News Release contains wide tables. View fullscreen. Also from this source 15:47 ETAsia-Pacific Baby Hygiene Industry Outlook to 2020 - Rising... 15:46 ETUtility Communication Market by Technology Type, and Wired,... Explore More news releases in similar topics Publishing & Information Services Health Care & Hospitals Surveys, Polls and Research You just read: Pancreatic Cancer Treatment Market Analysis By Affected Region (Exocrine, Endocrine), By Type (Chemotherapy, Targeted Therapy, Others), By Region (North America, Europe, Asia Pacific, Latin America And MEA), And Segment Forecasts, 2014 - 2025 News provided by Reportlinker Mar 27, 2017, 19:00 ET Share this article Looking to send a news release with PR Newswire? Take advantage of the world's leading distribution platform. Sign up to get started Request more information Have an account? Log In Phone 8AM - 10PM ET +1-888-776-0942 Send a Release Sign Up Blog For Journalists Contact Us Search Searching for your content... Advanced Search Contact PR Newswire 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Contact Us General Inquiries Request a Demo Editorial Bureaus Partnerships Media Inquiries Worldwide Offices Solutions Cision Communications Cloud™ For Marketers For Public Relations For IR & Compliance For Agency For Small Business All Products About About PR Newswire About Cision Become a Publishing Partner Become a Channel Partner Careers   Global Sites Asia Brazil Canada Europe Finland France India Israel Mexico Middle East Netherlands Sweden United Kingdom My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Terms of Use Privacy Policy Information Security Policy Statement Site Map RSS Feeds Copyright © 2017 PR Newswire Association LLC. All Rights Reserved. A Cision company. News Solutions Resources News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News dansk Deutsch español Français italiano Nederlands norsk português suomeksi svenska Phone +1-888-776-0942 8AM - 10PM ET Chat All contact info Send a ReleaseLog In
Latest News Dow 20,707 +156.28 +0.76% Nasdaq 5,878 +37.15 +0.64% S&P 500 2,359 +17.67 +0.75% 3:38 P.M. ET Stock-picking fund managers double down on economic growth 3:30 P.M. ET Updated Dollar turns higher as consumer-confidence reading boosts stocks 3:29 P.M. ET Updated Qualifications: Fluent in English, excellent writing skills, ability to wallow in luxury 3:27 P.M. ET Updated As Senator McCaskill probes marketing of opioids, fatal overdoses spike among white, middle-aged men 3:21 P.M. ET Updated ‘Made in the USA’ was only No. 10 in this ranking of national labels 3:17 P.M. ET Updated Oil ends at 1-week high on Libya output disruptions 3:06 P.M. ET Updated Stock market gathers momentum; Dow on track to halt 8-session skid 3:03 P.M. ET Updated Fed’s Fischer forecasts two more interest rate hikes this year 3:02 P.M. ET Updated The Trump-inspired ‘reflation trade’ just suffered a major setback 3:02 P.M. ET Updated Daily Mail gets slammed for sexist front page, tells readers to ‘get a life’ 2:59 P.M. ET Updated Why investors aren’t more excited about Regeneron’s new $37,000-a-year drug 2:56 P.M. ET With low yields abroad, investors hunt for international dividend funds 2:50 P.M. ET Updated Oil prices end at highest level in about a week 2:44 P.M. ET Breaking Nasdaq climbs 44 points, or 0.8%, to 5,885 2:44 P.M. ET WTI oil prices settle at highest level in about a week 2:44 P.M. ET May WTI oil gains 64 cents, or 1.3%, to settle at $48.37/bbl 2:44 P.M. ET Breaking Dow up 174 points, or 0.9%, to 20,727 2:44 P.M. ET Breaking S&P 500 rises 20 points, or 0.9%, to 2,362 2:43 P.M. ET Breaking Stocks accelerate gains in afternoon trade 2:43 P.M. ET Chesapeake Energy's stock rallies on heavy volume after bullish note from Wunderlich analyst Log In Home News Viewer Video SectorWatch Podcasts First Take Games Portfolio My MarketWatch News Viewer Markets U.S. Europe/Middle East Emerging Markets Asia Canada SectorWatch Columns Market Snapshot Movers & Shakers The Tell Currencies Futures Movers Pre-Market News Tools Earnings Wall Markets Overview IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar Currency Tools Futures Contracts Market Screener Hulbert Interactive Investing Stocks Mutual Funds ETFs Options Bonds Commodities Currencies Futures Financial Adviser Center Hedge Funds/Insider Trades Getting Started MarketWatch Adviser Columns Options Trader Revolution Investing Tools Stock Screener Funds Finder ETF Screener Options Screener IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar More... Personal Finance 10 Things Big Spender Real Estate Spending & Saving Taxes Columns The Moneyologist Brett Arends Bill Bischoff Amy Hoak Chuck Jaffe Jennifer Openshaw Jennifer Waters Tools Funds Finder Today's Rates Retirement Retire Here, Not There Encore Taxes How-to Guides Social Security Estate Planning Events Columns Robert Powell's Retirement Portfolio Andrea Coombes's Working Retirement Tools Retirement Planner How long will my money last? Economy Federal Reserve Capitol Report Economic Report Columns Darrell Delamaide Irwin Kellner Rex Nutting Tools Economic Calendar Real Estate Location Scouts realtor.com My MarketWatch Watchlist Alerts Games Log In Home Press Release Pancreatic Cancer Treatment Market Analysis By Affected Region (Exocrine, Endocrine), By Type (Chemotherapy, Targeted Therapy, Others), By Region (North America, Europe, Asia Pacific, Latin America And MEA), And Segment Forecasts, 2014 - 2025 By Published: Mar 27, 2017 7:00 p.m. ET Share NEW YORK, March 27, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- The global pancreatic cancer treatment market is expected to reach USD 4.2 billion in 2025, according to a new report by Grand View Research, Inc. Increasing tobacco consumption, smoking, obesity, and growing awareness pertaining to various treatment options available are propelling the market growth at a global level. The peak incidence of pancreatic cancer is seen in the age group of 65 to 75 years. Thus, growing geriatric population is also expected to drive the growth during the forecast period. According to an article published in the National Center for Biotechnology Information in 2015, pancreatic cancer is one of the most dangerous malignancies and is the fourth most common cause of cancer deaths in the U.S. Furthermore, pancreatic cancer is expected to be the second common cause of death in the U.S., by 2030. These factors together would propel the market growth in the forecast period. Further key findings from the study suggest: The study suggests that exocrine cancer is by far the most common type of pancreatic cancer accounting for more than 95% of the overall pancreatic cancer types Among the treatment types, targeted therapy occupied the largest share since it is considered as the most effective treatment option, which blocks the growth and spread of cancer cells without damaging healthy cells North America dominated the segment with the largest revenue share in 2015 due to high adoption rate of advanced treatment options and highly developed healthcare infrastructure Asia Pacific is anticipated to show a significant growth during the forecast period, mainly due to increasing government initiatives, growing awareness regarding the treatment options for pancreatic cancer, and the availability of highly sophisticated medical infrastructure for effective treatment Some of the major companies operating in this market are, but are not limited to, Eli Lilly and Company; Celgene Corporation; F. Hoffmann-La Roche AG; Amgen, Inc.; Novartis AG; PharmaCyte Biotech, Inc.; Clovis Oncology; Teva Pharmaceutical Industries Ltd.; Merck & Co., Inc.; and Pfizer, Inc. Read the full report: http://www.reportlinker.com/p04785486-summary/view-report.htmlAbout Reportlinker ReportLinker is an award-winning market research solution. Reportlinker finds and organizes the latest industry data so you get all the market research you need - instantly, in one place.http://www.reportlinker.com__________________________Contact Clare: clare@reportlinker.comUS: (339)-368-6001Intl: +1 339-368-6001 To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/pancreatic-cancer-treatment-market-analysis-by-affected-region-exocrine-endocrine-by-type-chemotherapy-targeted-therapy-others-by-region-north-america-europe-asia-pacific-latin-america-and-mea-and-segment-forecasts-300430024.html SOURCE Reportlinker Copyright (C) 2017 PR Newswire. All rights reserved Most Popular Trump’s intriguing idea: Cut debt by selling off federal assets The Nintendo Switch launch, in many charts The most expensive city in the world is NOT New York or San Francisco Stock market gathers momentum; Dow on track to halt 8-session skid How 4D mapping could change the way we live and work Luxury Real Estate Modern technology for man’s best friends View More SectorWatch How credit scores predict what you will buy next View More Moneyish This is when taking an Uber to work can actually save you money View More Financial News The grumpy Englishmen bringing transparency to global FX View More Sponsored Headlines MarketWatch Site Index Topics Help Feedback Newsroom Roster Media Archive Premium Products Mobile Company Company Info Code of Conduct Corrections Advertising Media Kit Advertise Locally Reprints & Licensing Broker Center Your Ad Choices Dow Jones Network WSJ.com Barron's Online BigCharts Virtual Stock Exchange Financial News Online WSJ.com Small Business realtor.com Mansion Global Back to Top Copyright ©2017 MarketWatch, Inc. All rights reserved. By using this site you agree to the Terms of Service, Privacy Policy, and Cookie Policy (updated). Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. Intraday data delayed per exchange requirements. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real time last sale data provided by NASDAQ. More information on NASDAQ traded symbols and their current financial status. Intraday data delayed 15 minutes for Nasdaq, and 20 minutes for other exchanges. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. SEHK intraday data is provided by SIX Financial Information and is at least 60-minutes delayed. All quotes are in local exchange time. Advanced Search Stocks Columns Authors Topics No results found
  Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Wires Home My Profile Logout Login Feedback DailyMail NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad FDA approves Tesaro's ovarian cancer drug By Reuters Published: 16:53 EDT, 27 March 2017 | Updated: 16:53 EDT, 27 March 2017 e-mail March 27 (Reuters) - The U.S. Food and Drug Administration on Monday approved Tesaro Inc's key drug, niraparib, for the treatment of recurrent ovarian cancer. The U.S. biopharmaceutical company's shares were up 7.78 percent at $168.9 in extended trading. Epithelial ovarian, fallopian tube or primary peritoneal cancer affects the tissue covering the ovary or lining of the fallopian tube or abdominal wall. Niraparib kills cancer cells by inhibiting the production of proteins called PARPs, which help repair damaged DNA strands, thereby hastening the death of some types of cancer cells. Effective PARP inhibitors are sought after by drugmakers because of their potential to be used in combination with other types of cancer treatments to create new breakthroughs in treatments. Last year, Tesaro entered into a partnership with pharmaceutical company Merck &amp; Co Inc to study the effects of using niraparib in combination with Keytruda, Merck's immuno-oncology treatment. The drug also received orphan drug designation specifically for its use in treating recurrent epithelial ovarian cancer, the company said. Tesaro expects to launch niraparib in the United States in late April. (Reporting by Akankshita Mukhopadhyay in Bengaluru) Share or comment on this article e-mail Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article. Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail     DON'T MISS She's a real work of art! Kate wows in a forest green lace dress by Temperley London for a glittering gala at the National Portrait Gallery 'Longest calf muscles known to man': Katie Price suffers ANOTHER holiday fail as she is accused of Photoshop faux pas amid backlash over Princess snap Heartbroken Katie Waissel claims estranged husband has been 'f**king their neighbour'... as she discusses split after just one year of marriage PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Pregnant Binky Felstead shows off her baby bump as she steps out with boyfriend JP... after confirming she's having a girl 'Private beaches and bottoms': MIC's Frankie Gaff shows off her pert posterior as she poses for racy topless snap during cast trip to Mauritius Ellie Goulding cosies up to rumoured beau Caspar Jopling as they enjoy a romantic stroll in NYC... following her fling with the Beckhams' bodyguard Bobby Rich EXCLUSIVE 'We love the idea of a baby': Louise Thompson and Ryan Libbey on starting a family, their latest love triangle and why cheeky Sam is a 'hypocrite'  Leonardo DiCaprio and Nina Agdal join Orlando Bloom during St Barts holiday as they celebrate the swimsuit model's 25th birthday 'I feel proud, it was such a gift': Daisy Lowe reflects on newfound body confidence... after admitting to be 'tequila positive' during Strictly Come Dancing tour 'I can't breathe': Geordie Shore's Chloe Ferry reveals plans to have nostrils WIDENED in corrective nose job as airwaves are being painfully restricted Billie Piper displays her ink-free forearm at City Of Tiny Lights screening after tattoo removal... and hides second tribute to ex Laurence Fox under ring 'They simply don't eat': Emma Thompson blasts Hollywood's 'terrible' anorexia problem (and once threatened to QUIT a film after a co-star was told to lose weight)  A blooming lovely couple! Michelle Keegan stuns in a floral jumpsuit from her own collection as she joins husband Mark Wright for London stroll 'Hanging out like best buds': Kendall Jenner is a dream in green as she spends the day shopping with Paris Jackson at a flea market in LA What the Beck! Unrecognisable David Beckham sports gruesome rotting teeth and a HUGE scar on his face on the set of new King Arthur movie  'I would go to sleep crying': Michelle Pfeiffer, 58, talks playing Al Pacino's cocaine-addicted trophy wife in Scarface as she poses for Interview 'Something's cooking': Bar Refaeli announces she's pregnant as she shows off her baby bump... eight months after welcoming her daughter Liv PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Chloe Goodman flaunts her enviable curves in plunging bikini as she soaks up the Maldives sun with her sisters Lauryn and Amelia   Fashion darling Alexa Chung dazzles in show-stopping bardot polka dot gown as she leads the style at the 2017 Portrait Gala 'I've still got my wedding ring on': Rio Ferdinand admits 'there's no given time for moving on' from the death of his wife... amid Kate Wright rumours 'I knew he was struggling': Prince's ex-wife speaks out about the pop icon's devastating addiction, secret overdoses and drug stashes TOWIE's Yazmin Oukhellou flaunts her taut stomach and ample cleavage in sizzling crop top as she walks hand-in-hand with new beau James Lock  'I greet him with a Versace towel and water in a Versace glass': Kim Kardashian reveals she pampers Kanye West after his concerts 'Eamonn was worried that people would think its him!' Ruth Langsford confesses she 'felt sick' when she realised she had shared a VERY explicit photo on Twitter Sun-kissed Millie Mackintosh heads to work while posing in her own designs for high fashion shoot...  after returning from FIFTH vacation of 2017 Giggling Myleene Klass nails the city girl look as she wows in chic trench with shirt dress while heading to work   Nailed city girl style  She Did It Again! Shakira dazzles in lace and leather for children's charity launch in Barcelona... after winning an award for her philanthropic efforts Morning perk! Braless Jenna Dewan Tatum flashes her chest in sheer black top as she exits coffee shop in LA The Step Up star wore a casual outfit  'RIP beautiful princess': Tributes pour in for Zayn Malik's cousin Arshiya after she dies aged five following battle with brain tumour Terrible tragedy There's the money shot! Malin Akerman and onscreen husband Damian Lewis strip off for raunchy sex scene during their hit drama Billions  Claire Sweeney puts on a casual display in workout wear as she enjoys a sunny day at the park with her adorable son Jaxon, 2 Playful day out Another day, another bikini! Victoria's Secret Angel Martha Hunt stuns in green two-piece on Miami vacation It's not secret when she hits the beach 'You're changing lives': 'Amazing' Jeff Brazier is praised by fans for offering advice on coping with grief... days after anniversary of Jade Goody's death 'Tidy your room!' Chloe Ferry proudly shows off her immaculate bedroom before fans spot the VERY messy reality in Instagram video Just in time for Easter: Reese Witherspoon cuddles up to a bunny as she models new dress from her Draper James clothing line The body that cost £1.5m: Surgery addict Alicia Douvall leaves little to the imagination as she flaunts her ample assets in skimpy lingerie Back to business! Bethenny Frankel slips into flattering LBD after posing up a storm in a bikini on Mexican getaway Sported a fitted dress  'I would never play a person of a different race!': Scarlett Johansson answers critics who say her role in Ghost In The Shell is a 'whitewash' Is the Fresh Prince going back to Bel-Air? Internet goes into meltdown as cast of 90s show reunites... raising fans' hopes of a new series Quick change! The spotlight falls on Mary Berry's daughter after a continuity blunder on the cook's show (amid claims she'll take over her mother's empire) Bikini-clad Vicky Pattison downs drinks at Dubai pool party... after saying she 'couldn't be happier' about rekindling romance with beau John Noble  All made up... for takeout! Chrissy Teigen looks chic in straw hat, striped blouse and torn jeans to pick up food at hot spot Madeo in West Hollywood Rooney Mara appears topless as a grieving widow in new trailer for A Ghost Story with Casey Affleck Spooky drama 'It will be weird': Charlotte Crosby is yet to speak with Vicky Pattison about her romance with her Ex On The Beach fling Stephen Bear Daddy's little Idol! Eric Cowell is the spitting image of father Simon as he joins glam mum Lauren Silverman for a spot of fine dining in Malibu Secret admirer? Cara Delevingne holds a red rose as she parties the night away with supermodel pals Kendall Jenner and Lily Donaldson 'It could happen': Nick Jonas sounds hopeful about co-starring with pal Jennifer Lopez in the NBC live musical revival of Bye Bye Birdie . 'I will forever hate myself for it': Lisa Riley expresses regret for not listening to her mother's advice on romance... leading to a string of disastrous relationships 'I wanted to physically harm myself': WWE star Paige reveals pain she suffered after sex tape leaked... as fiance announces their wedding date Mariah Carey relaxes in a robe on her 47th birthday while enjoying luxury beach trip with toyboy Bryan Tanaka 'Live your vile selfish life: Stephanie Davis SLAMS Jeremy McConnell in impassioned rant... hours after declaring her love for him  Off-duty beauty: Make-up free Kate Moss keeps it casual in a khaki jacket and skinny jeans as she leaves a shoot in London Can do low-key glamour Kate Hudson steps out in suede ankle boots and pinstripe trousers...after packing on the PDA with Danny Fujikawa 'We all float down here': Teaser trailer and poster for Stephen King's IT heads down to the sewer with evil clown Pennywise Creepy reboot Bikini babe! Cara Santana flashes hint of cleavage and rock hard abs as she flaunts her bod in sexy Instagram snap Red hot 'It was like meeting someone at a bus stop': Lorraine Pascale admits her birth parents were like 'two strangers' when she met them for the first time John Legend looks typically cool in a statement leather jacket as he arrives for radio interview in Paris SPOILER ALERT: Shaken Ste struggles to piece together what he's done as he wakes up in the shower after Amy is MURDERED on Hollyoaks Val Kilmer claps back at critics who called him 'creepy' and 'obsessive' for revealing his longtime crush on Cate Blanchett Pillow talk! Demi Lovato and Jimmy Fallon make out with cushions as they play teenage besties in hilarious new Ew! segment  Those Night Changes! Liam Payne, 23, jokes about being on nappy duty after welcoming son... as Cheryl, 33, 'plans to conquer mummy market' 'I want you to be better': New trailer for Spider-Man: Homecoming shows Peter Parker being mentored by Tony Stark as they take on Vulture Gemma Collins highlights her curves in a form-fitting jumpsuit as she steps out in Essex with Danielle Armstrong's athletic beau Daniel Spiller My how you've grown! Nicole Kidman's young daughters Sunday Rose and Faith Margaret are the spitting image of their famous mother as they land in Sydney Luisa Zissman displays fab post-baby body in a bust-baring lace-up swimsuit as she enjoys sunny getaway... seven months after birth of daughter Indigo 'Namaste': Lindsay Lohan shows off her cleavage in a plunging black swimsuit as she embraces her inner zen in Thailand At peace with her self-ies 'They are now safe': Ed Sheeran HAS saved the lives of abused Liberian street boys after incredible act of kindness on Comic Relief 'It's the end of March!' EastEnders fans take to Twitter in confusion as SNOW falls on Albert Square while the UK enjoys balmy spring sunshine Her body is still Bootylicious! Kelly Rowland shows off her STUNNING physique in one-piece during day at the beach with son Titan, two  'I've been speaking to them': Marnie Simpson reveals she has been messaging Niall Horan AND James Arthur... following her messy split from cheat Lewis 'Are you impressed with my terrarium?': Holly Willoughby is left speechless at Phillip Schofield's VERY rude gardening innuendo... as she flashes her bra 'I miss LA': Karrueche Tran longs for home as she shares makeup-free selfie in New Orleans... after showing off her fit physique during workout session Out and a pout: Rumer Willis flashes big smile with plumped up lips while promoting new Empire role  Plenty to smile about  Pamela Anderson offers to take Prime Minister of Ireland out for a pint of Guinness if he supports banning the use of wild animals in circuses Charlotte Dawson puts on a busty display in a scarlet co-ord as she enjoys a night out in Barcelona with her glamorous mother Tracy Darlene Cates, star of What's Eating Gilbert Grape, dies aged 69  Best known for her role as Gilbert's mother in the 1993 hit 'She was denying and crying': Kim Kardashian was with Paris Hilton when sex tape leaked.. but soon 'calmed down' when talk turned to MONEY Kendall Jenner cruises around the sunny streets of LA in her eye-catching purple convertible Cadillac Didn't opt for a subtle ride Rihanna strips off as Bates Motel FINALLY reveals its iconic Psycho shower scene... after singer confessed she can't bear to watch her raunchy moments 'Has she come from a club?': Busty Michelle Mone shocks GMB viewers as she cuts a VERY glamorous figure in a plunging black maxi dress What's the buzz Rusty? Russell Crowe channels Romper Stomper character with new crew cut as he works on his fitness with a park kick about Flirty at the fairground: Kim Zolciak's daughter Brielle Biermann kisses boyfriend Michael Kopech while posing for playful shoot 'I think everything I do is terrible': Lorde shows off her quirky style in plunging ensemble... as she reveals her self deprecating side in honest interview Feeling Torn? Natalie Imbruglia holds hands with mystery man and NOT beau Ryan Bienefelt... as he posts about his 'little peanut' Where's her boyfriend? Mel B shimmers in plunging metallic jumpsuit she makes her first public appearance since filing for divorce from Stephen Belafonte at AGT launch 'I want to keep the day really traditional:' Lauren Goodger wants TWO ceremonies and a racy wedding dance as she confesses she can't wait to wed jailbird beau She's a real team player! Queen Letizia of Spain is presented with a basketball shirt emblazoned with her name as she meets young athletes in Madrid Camera shy Demi Moore keeps it casual as she heads home with daughter Scout after a family dinner date Headed out for low key meal with her kids Blue and green SHOULD be seen! Queen Mathilde and Crown Princess Mary are pretty in pastels as the Belgian royals touch down in Denmark Step aside, mum and dad! Jude Law and Sadie Frost's model daughter Iris, 16, stuns in her second make-up campaign for Burberry Essentials Robin Thicke's girlfriend April Love Geary, 22, looks in good spirits during grocery shop run... as she moves on from nude photo leak drama Cheat day! Elsa Hosk stuffs her face with McDonald's French fries after stunning during Victoria's Secret lingerie shoot in Miami Make-up free Liv Tyler cuts a chic figure in specs and skintight leggings as she enjoys a shopping spree in London Billie Faiers finally introduces newborn son Arthur in stunning family shoot... as she reveals fiancé Greg Shepherd almost MISSED the labour 'Is that a prosthetic?': Big Little Lies fans react on Twitter after Alexander Skarsgard appears to go full-frontal Scene on Sunday left fans all aflutter  Just admiring the view! Kristin Cavallari posts nude photo of husband Jay Cutler gazing out at the Caribbean water while on romantic trip to Mexico Legs eleven! Katie Holmes shows off her dancer legs as she models a denim miniskirt under her oversized coat in chilly New York City SPOILER ALERT: Corrie's Bethany Platt discovers her boyfriend Nathan shared a secret smooch with Mel... but will she finally dump the evil manipulator? Shameless star Emmy Rossum's 'house robbed of $150k worth of jewelry after she left combinations written down near home safes' 'I dream of genie vibes': Khloe shows off her svelte figure and trim waist in a plunging white jumpsuit... after revealing she used to be 'shamed' for her curves 'It's just half a bottle of red wine!': GBBO 2016 star Selasi Gbormittah upsets Piers Morgan as they clash over his signature bolognese recipe There's NOTHING everyday about Mary Berry! Show sees her cook with lobster, cruise in her vintage car, milk a goat- and host 1,000 guests in her garden Hotting up! Lily James shows off flat stomach as she peels off turtle neck jumper while enjoying stroll in sunshine with boyfriend Matt Smith She's got that magic hour glow! Margot Robbie enjoys wedded bliss on a tropical beach with a chilled flute of champagne in hand at sunset 'I fell in love': Alec Baldwin recalls moment he asked if Tina Fey was single... and reveals he almost passed on SNL Trump gig Justin Bieber faces being ARRESTED in Brazil four years after allegedly spray painting graffiti on wall of £23m hotel Happened in 2013 'I felt my body had completely failed me': Giovanna Fletcher on how she's in a much better place after revealing her secret miscarriage Starry eyed! Queen Maxima opts for a heavily-embellished coat for another day of engagements with her glamorous guest, Argentina's First Lady Here comes the bridesmaid! Rachel Bilson shows off her perky cleavage in dramatic blush-coloured gown at friend's wedding Doing her duties  Made In Chelsea's Ryan was threatened by James the gentle giant - size-wise that is - and the cast voted for Binky to have a baby girl, as if it was Brexit Romeo Beckham, 14, shares a sweet moment with little sister Harper, five, as he gushes about their close relationship in family Instagram snaps  Kendall Jenner stuns in belted silk jacket (and not much else) as she poses with Lily Donaldson at Valerian teaser screening Always stands out PICTURED: Coronation Street's beloved Ken Barlow is hospitalised after plunging down a flight of stairs... but who pushed him? The end for Ken? First look at the new Lara Croft: Alicia Vikander takes over from Angelina Jolie in Tomb Raider remake as new photos and plot details emerge  TOWIE's Jon Clark ridicules fellow diners by referring to them as 'swingers' in humiliating Instagram Not exactly the Mr. Nice Guy image Billie Lourd and Taylor Lautner enjoy smitten poppy field date... as it's revealed she isn't looking after her late mother Carrie Fisher's beloved bulldog Gary  Grizzled Casey Affleck is joined by screen daughter Anna Pniowsky as they shoot scenes for new drama Light Of My Life on Vancouver Island Heaven sent! Victoria's Secret Angel Jasmine Tookes stuns in a backless off-shoulder top and flares as she enjoys dinner date The return of killer Joe Miller, the wrath of Cath Atwood and Ed Burnett, plus THREE different rape suspects...The menace increased in Broadchurch Beware a clown with a red balloon! New creepy images from Stephen King's IT released and Pennywise is more sinister than ever Not clowning around Louis Tomlinson looks in high spirits while posing for selfies with fans in Miami...as he is set to appear in court over airport brawl at LAX Busy mommy! Blake Lively looks chic in newsboy cap as she rushes into cab... after Ryan Reynolds reveals he 'doesn't mind' her kissing other actors Eminem's daughter Hailie Scott, 21, stuns in latest Instagram photos... as it's revealed she's a normal college student 'It was fate': Ray Quinn reveals he has found love once again with school teacher Emily Fletcher insisting his four-year-old son Harry remains his 'priority' 'So thrilled'! Made In Chelsea parents-to-be Binky Felstead and JP finally confirm they are expecting a GIRL Delightedly announced news on Monday 'People think I'm gay': David Walliams admits 'life would be simpler' if he wasn't attracted to women... and doesn't know why people rule out same-sex romances Out of this world! Cara Delevingne shows off her long legs in futuristic outfit at screening for her sci-fi movie Valerian A very fashionable future  A sheer winner! Tyra Banks wears see-through lace pantsuit as she gears up for her new role as host of America's Got Talent New girl in town Double trouble! Heidi Klum shows off her long legs in purple mini as Mel B glitters in low-cut jumpsuit at America's Got Talent event Glam girls 'Deeply fake news but quite cute': Lorde reveals she was NOT at New Zealand dance party as impersonator fools partygoers Spitting image Happy Birthday Mommy! Fergie celebrates turning 42 with sung greetings from husband Josh Duhamel and their son Axl Bella Thorne tells fans she 'hates' being single before sharing saucy Snapchats from a night out with friends Known for being a serial dater 'I'll love him always': Stephanie Davis acknowledges ex Jeremy McConnell's arrest for first time... hours after he blocks her on Twitter Mommy and me! Charlize Theron shares a playful moment with her daughter August... returning home after a whirlwind week in Asia Just the two of us 'Never let go': Sofia Richie, 18, gets SEVENTH tattoo with a personal motto inked on her wrist Inking of going for a full collection? Start and end! Katie Maloney and Tom Schwartz wed as Scheana Marie plans for divorce on Vanderpump Rules Highs and lows 'It really means a lot': New dad Liam Payne, 23, returns to Twitter on behalf of girlfriend Cheryl, 33, to thank everyone for their 'love and support' Jessica Chastain strikes a sultry pose in cleavage-baring Alexander McQueen dress at the premiere of The Zookeeper's Wife Eye-popping display 'It's still very up in the air': Marnie Simpson affirms she did NOT cheat on ex Lewis Bloor... but she still 'cares' for him despite his womanising ways 'He's just the best guy': Ryan Gosling raves about co-star Harrison Ford while promoting Blade Runner sequel at CinemaCon  Seeing Angels! Victoria's Secret models Taylor Hill and Romee Strijd have lunch together in Hollywood They are the model lunch partners Gordon Ramsay's Nightly Show debut goes off air for THREE minutes... as ITV suffers technical glitch Another blow for the struggling show 'This isn't the last you've seen of me': Maksim Chmerkovskiy vows to return to DWTS alongside Heather Morris after calf injury keeps him on sidelines 'He's doing a f**king good job!' Gordon Ramsay's foul-mouthed Nightly Show debut divides viewers... as incorrect spelling of his name trends on Twitter Mark Francis helps Binky dress for pregnancy, Sam gets a drink chucked over him and Baby Felstead's gender is revealed on MIC  Noel Gallagher's 17-year-old daughter Anais recalls getting her first PONY aged seven and outlines hopes of Oscars win by 27 in candid interview There she blows! Kyra Sedgwick has a Marilyn Monroe moment as a gust of wind lifts up her skirt during outing with husband Kevin Bacon Wind beneath her skirt You have GOAT to be kid-ding me! Mary Berry, 82, is almost taken out by a farm animal as she tries to milk it on new baking series Dwayne 'The Rock' Johnson shows off his huge biceps in leather jacket as he promotes Jumanji reboot Bursting out of his leather jacket 'What's life without a sausage roll?' Vicky McClure refuses to move away from Greggs for Hollywood... as she gushes about life up North with Jonny Owen Home sweet home! Ronan Keating's wife Storm shows off her baby bump in a tight dress as she welcomes her happy husband at Sydney airport 'I had a $28,000 hotel bill': Cher claims the REAL reason she finally agreed to appear on David Letterman's show was for the paycheck Price of forgiveness Still going (Arm)strong! TOWIE's Yazmin Oukhellou packs on PDA in united display with beau James Lock... amid bitter feud with his taken ex Danielle Drake abruptly cancels Amsterdam concert on doctor's orders after falling 'sick'... as fans vent frustration on Twitter Blow to fans 'It looks dope': Prince Jackson shows off massive armour inspired tattoo on his chest after months of work Tattoo mad like his sister SPOILER ALERT: EastEnders' Martin Fowler left fuming as he tries to attack Preston after Michelle's sordid sex scandal is finally exposed Devon Windsor shows off her killer legs in tiny Daisy Dukes for photo shoot in Miami Showed exactly why she's a Victoria's Secret model Klass act! Myleene enjoys romantic night out with beau Simon Motson in dazzling one-shoulder gown as they lead the style at the English National Opera Making them green with envy! Julianne Hough dazzles on the red carpet in plunging emerald gown for Dancing With The Stars What a gem! 'It's not curable': Coleen Nolan breaks down as she reveals her 'incredible' elder sister Linda is battling cancer  Revealed latest family tragedy on TV Lucky Leo! DiCaprio's supermodel girlfriend Nina Agdal sends temperatures soaring as she slips into an array of steamy swimsuits A dog's life! Selma Blair takes her pooch Ducky for a day of pampering at the salon in Los Angeles The 44-year-old enjoyed a pamper session EXCLUSIVE - Beyonce's dad is sued for $50k after 'refusing to pay a legal bill and hiding profits he made auctioning off Destiny's Child memorabilia' Nigella Lawson's daughter Cosima Diamond, 23, is the spitting image of her famous mum, 57, as they enjoy a girls' night out at the theatre Greased Lightning strikes twice! John Travolta and Olivia Newton-John set to return as Sandy and Danny to mark 40 year anniversary of original SPOILER ALERT: Ste has blood on his hands as Amy is found DEAD on Hollyoaks... after threatening to take his children away to America Nancy Dell'Olio, 55, flaunts her toned figure in unique figure-hugging flared jumpsuit at Opera Gala She showed her sensational frame  'I saw the pain in my eyes': Dynasty star Linda Evans shocked by online leak of 'disturbing' 2014 DUI arrest footage Didn't recognise herself Lily Allen wryly smiles as she channels nineties chic in vintage woolly jumper following romantic night out with beau MC Meridian Dan in London She likes a man in the kitchen! Scarlett Johansson reveals her two celebrity crushes are Gordon Ramsay and Anthony Bourdain Leggy Lorde looks sophisticated in a kooky pinstripe dress as she delights fans in London with radio appearance She's a style Royal Meg Ryan bundles up as she has a girls' day out in NYC with daughter Daisy The 55-year-old actress kept off the chill on mother/daughter day Cor(rie) blimey! Busty Michelle Keegan flaunts her washboard abs and toned physique in a tiny coral crop top The former soap star looked abs-fab Has George Michael been buried under cover of darkness? Photo posted by boyfriend Fadi Fawaz sparks flurry of internet speculation 'Don your best bikini and slay': Sam Thompson slips into the same MINUSCULE bikini as his sister Louise as he once again mocks her holiday snaps  Jailbird Apollo Nida 'on the hunt for millions' after judge nullifies divorce from Real Housewives' Phaedra Parks Rocky road to divorce  Showing support! Laura Prepon accentuates baby bump in stripes at Netflix event with fiance Ben Foster Orange Is The New Baby Hello from the after-party! Adele lets loose on the dance floor in slip-on shoes and no makeup after revealing she may NEVER tour again   'She's a child': Katie Price comes under fire after sharing photo of daughter Princess, nine, posing in a bikini during idyllic Maldives holiday as fans defend her 'Wish I was that horse!' Actress Elsa Pataky posts hilarious snap of husband Chris Hemsworth cuddling up to a horse Horsing around Shabby Chanel chic for Kiera: Actress pairs jacket with Dr Martens on visit to east London cafe with her husband  Low-key look  Together again! Jane Fonda and Lily Tomlin arrive in style at chat show to promote new season of Netflix series Promoting second series of Grace and Frankie Katie Holmes looks stylish as she steps out in New York's Soho district dressed in a button-up coat and cat-eye glasses Will and graceful lady! Drew Barrymore's ex husband Kopelman dines out with mystery woman in LA He is footloose and fancy free once more Beautiful in blue! Debra Messing, 48, wows in body hugging navy gown to receive honors at New York gala Flaunted her delicate decolletage Jennifer Garner looks in good spirits on coffee run after VERY friendly church visit with ex Ben Affleck  Happy families  'I was in a lot of pain after those really violent scenes': Nicole Kidman reveals being hit by Alexander Skarsgard during Big Little Lies took a toll 'He was devastated': Nicole Kidman says husband Keith Urban was shocked at her bruises after sex scenes with Alexander Skarsgard His life is one big musical! Pharrell Williams' story will be transformed into song for the big screen  Happy singer will tell his tale  Glee vet Matthew Morrison 'will guest star on season 13 of Grey's Anatomy' as Dr Paul Stadler Famed for starring as lovable teacher Will Schuester Clem Curtis, the original lead singer of The Foundations, has died age 76 following a battle with cancer Grieving family announced on Monday Kim Kardashian dons tiny cropped top which showcases her rock hard abs in seductive Instagram snap SPOILER ALERT: Katie Cassidy returns to Arrow...as a different character than the one she started out playing Flex appeal! A muscular Justin Theroux shows off his ripped arms in edgy punk shirt leaving the gym Lucky Jennifer! 'My hero, my mentor': Shannen Doherty pays touching tribute to her late father to commemorate his birthday Passed away in 2009 Something's brewing! Samuel L. Jackson and Oscar Isaac team up as they film dramatic scene for Life Itself in New York 'I can confirm it's over': Simon Bird breaks Inbetweeners fans' hearts as he insists the series is finished forever  Fuller House star Jodie Sweetin's ex-fiance Justin Hodak 'arrested for violating restraining order against her' Restraining order requiring him to stay away from star Monday optional! Lea Michele beats of the start-of-the-week blues as she runs errands make-up free The 30-year-old actress wore a sleeveless tank  'I'm not commenting on it at all': Teen Mom 2 star Jenelle Evans refuses to address new co-star Briana DeJesus after 2014 Twitter row Getting close in Cancun! Supergirl star Melissa Benoist shows off her slender frame as she vacations with co-star Chris Wood 'Stop and frisky': Erika Jayne plays naughty motorist with Gleb Savchenko as officer on Dancing With The Stars A very arresting dance routine The look of love! Christine Lampard stares adoringly at husband Frank as they enjoy a sunny breakfast in Chelsea Still head over heels Coquettish, me? No, it was just down to clever editing, claims Nigella: TV cook says she did not understand the double entendres that helped make her name  Salmon by the sea: Love Island star Katie struggles to contain her curves in a skimpy snakeskin bikini as she hits the beach in Dubai On a girls' break 'In the bedroom she'll say, 'you can't do that to me, you're my big brother!'' Kyle and Jackie O are shocked as a listener reveals he had a baby with his SISTER  Danniella Westbrook emerges in Spain after revealing secret miscarriage and plans for rehab in Twitter outburst MIC's Tiffany Watson flaunts her enviably gym-honed figure in vibrant bikini as she joins Frankie Gaff for cheeky Instagram video in Mauritius Billie Lourd chooses NOT to attend public memorial for mom Carrie Fisher and grandmother Debbie Reynolds as she had dinner with her father instead  I like the way you Rock'It Man: James Corden favours off-duty Elton John's favourite tracksuit and kooky specs look at Late Late Show filming Chip off the old block! Mike Comrie plays indoor hockey with son Luca as Hilary Duff films family fun for Snapchat Daring Dakota! Ms Johnson wears a Flaming Lips T-shirt with image of topless woman during solo shopping spree in West Hollywood Love in the air? Katy Perry, 32, and Ryan Phillippe, 42, 'totally flirting' at Elton John's 70th birthday bash Jerry Hall, 60, shows off her gorgeous figure in slinky lace gown as she cosies up to husband Rupert Murdoch, 86, at English National Opera gala 'She never spoiled herself': Angelina Jolie, 41, makes rare comments about her mother who died 10 years ago from cancer as she plugs Guerlain Jamie Oliver will visit Australia in May to launch new menu at his Jamie's Italian restaurants - after his company bought back the eateries She Khan't help herself! Curvy Chloe threatens to bust out of racy harness bra as she poses in negligee for the Geordie Shore boys' new brand Calls for Sir Patrick Stewart to appear on SNL as Kellyanne as old pictures of him in drag resurface looking UNCANNILY like Trump's counselor Conway  Wet hair, don't care! Nicole Kidman arrives at mother Janelle's house with Keith Urban sporting damp tresses... before leaving with her signature curls in a chic updo 'Hey guys, get out of my shot': Shirtless Chris Hemsworth steals the limelight as he photobombs his friend's romantic poolside snap The Rich Kids of Instagram are back in envy-inducing snaps of their early exotic holidays as they flaunt their figures in skimpy swimsuits Ruth Langsford suffers epic social media fail as she accidentally shares a VERY explicit photo alongside sweet Mother's Day tribute to her mum and sister 'The show will go ahead without him': Jeremy McConnell 'AXED from Ex On The Beach'... after arrest for allegedly assaulting ex Stephanie Davis Field of dreams for sale! Kevin Costner lists his sprawling Montecito property for $60million Fit to bust! Casey Batchelor threatens to spill out of tiny bikini top in eye-popping selfie... after saying her boobs have 'grown back' following breast reduction She's got chemistry! Make-up free Lily Collins proves she has effortless beauty down to a science during trip to gym 'Glad last week's over': Jeff Brazier says having Mother's Day and the anniversary of their mum Jade Goody's death is 'cruel blow' for his sons 'My skin is looking so good right now': Ashley James shows off new platinum locks as she goes make-up free in 'self-indulgent' post shower selfie Kendall Jenner flashes her nipples in extremely sheer bra as she puts on a daring display for Marilyn Monroe inspired shoot with Love Magazine Jemma Lucy bares all as she turns a hospital visit into a VERY racy shoot... after launching another foul-mouthed tirade at nemesis Charlotte Crosby Former TOWIE star Elliott Wright's fiancée Sadie Stuart puts on busty display in plunging lilac bikini as the couple enjoy getaway in Tenerife 'He likes what I like: cars, women, jewelry': Kylie Jenner's boyfriend Tyga on raising his 'spoiled' son King Cairo, four Vanessa Hudgens flaunts her impressive abs bin barely-there workout gear while leaving a gym in LA Envy-inducing middle  'Don't judge a book by its cover': Lindsay Lohan cloaks her head in white cloth in new Instagram after 'finding solace' while studying the Koran 'Saltwater hair': Kristin Cavallari bares her cleavage in string bikini during trip to Mexico after moving out of Illinois with husband Jay Cutler 'No big deal!': Kaley Cuoco enjoys beer in plunging top with boyfriend Karl Cook on day trip to Florida for Winter Equestrian Festival Gwyneth Paltrow proves her unusual health routines get results as she shows off natural beauty in Barcelona Kate Moss channels Parisian chic as she cuts a stylish figure in all black while catching up with best friend James Brown in London They won't get a ratings boost from Yeezy! Kanye West is 'NOT in talks to join Ryan Seacrest's revamped American Idol' It's a girl! Supernatural's Jared Padalecki and wife Genevieve Cortese welcome daughter Odette Elliott SPOILER ALERT: What about Ash? Pia Miller stuns in a summery frock as she films 'morning after' scenes for Home and Away with hunky tattooed co-star Jake Ryan Sarah Paulson may play Princess Diana on the next season of Feud which will focus on the royal's tempestuous relationship with Prince Charles Jeremy Kyle receives just £4 from more than 200 passers-by as he BEGS on the street while disguised as a homeless person for an 'extremely humbling' TV experiment 'There's an ache in my heart that never goes away': TOWIE's Carol Wright emotionally marks second Mother's Day without her mother Nanny Pat 'We're still friends': Darius Campbell confirms he and wife Natasha Henstridge are getting divorced despite briefly rekindling romance last year 'You had me at Merlot!': Eva Longoria wears funny statement top as she enjoys kisses from husband José Antonio Bastón Singer Sia wears giant pink bow and one of her quirky wigs to teach kids about the letter S alongside Grover on Sesame Street Head Start to Home Cooked Get Recipes more SHARE PICTURE Copy link to paste in your message Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Network This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Contributors Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
24/7 Wall St. - Insightful Analysis and Commentary for U.S. and Global Equity Investors Search this site Business Aerospace & Defense Autos Banking & Finance Commodities & Metals Consumer Products Energy Healthcare Industrials Infrastructure Media Retail Services Technology Apps & Software Consumer Electronics Telecom & Wireless Apple Inc. Facebook Google Investing Analyst Upgrades Bankruptcy Buffett Corporate Governance Corporate Performance Dividends and Buybacks Earnings ETFs and Mutual Funds International Markets IPOs and Secondaries Mergers and Acquisitions Personal Finance Rumors Value Investing Economy Energy Government Regulation Healthcare Housing Jobs Special Report Brands and Products Cities Countries States Major Pharma Short Sellers Couldn’t Make Up Their Minds Before Failed Trump Health Care Vote By Chris Lange March 27, 2017 8:35 am EDT Print Email Tweet Pharmaceutical companies usually are involved in a lengthy process of getting their drug candidates to market through clinical trials. There is a fair amount of risk involved, should a study come back negative or a candidate not be approved. Conversely, if a drug gains FDA approval or passes a clinical trial, there can be big upside. The Trump administration has promised reforms in the health care sector, such as changing the bidding process for drugs and shortening the FDA approval process. It has yet to be seen how much headway the White House can actually make with these reforms, especially after the House of Representatives failed to vote on Trump’s repeal of Obamacare. Keep in mind that short sellers betting against big pharma are taking on an added risk. They have to pay out the ongoing high dividends on top of the cost of borrowing the shares. The March 15 short interest data have been compared with the previous figures, and short interest in most of these selected pharmaceutical stocks was mixed. Short interest in Pfizer Inc. (NYSE: PFE) fell sharply to 89.05 million shares from the previous 110.37 million. Its shares were last seen at $34.00, within a 52-week trading range of $29.41 to $37.39. The number of Merck & Co. Inc. (NYSE: MRK) shares short increased slightly to 17.37 million from 17.23 million in the previous period. Its shares were trading at $63.18, in a 52-week range of $52.44 to $66.80. Teva Pharmaceutical Industries Ltd.’s (NYSE: TEVA) short interest rose to 21.87 million shares, compared to the previous level of 20.51 million. Shares were trading at $32.76, in a 52-week range of $31.90 to $58.16. The sharp fall in Bristol-Myers Squibb Co. (NYSE: BMY) short interest was to 35.06 million shares, from the previous reading of 47.39 million. Shares were trading at $55.89, within a 52-week range of $46.01 to $77.12. The number of shares short in AbbVie Inc. (NYSE: ABBV) increased to 35.74 million, compared to the previous 29.95 million. The stock was trading at $65.62, in a 52-week range of $55.06 to $68.12. Eli Lilly and Co.’s (NYSE: LLY) short interest decreased to 9.35 million shares from the previous 12.15 million. The stock was trading at $84.18. The 52-week range is $64.18 to $86.14. I'm interested in the Newsletter Get Newsletter terms and conditions   By Chris Lange « Jefferies Says Now Is the Time to Buy Top Energy Stocks 10 Suburban Cities With Big-City Feel at an Affordable Price » Read more: Healthcare Business, healthcare, pharmaceuticals, short interest, AbbVie Inc. (NYSE:ABBV), Bristol-Myers Squibb Co. (NYSE:BMY), Eli Lilly & Co. (NYSE:LLY), Merck & Co., Inc. (NYSE:MRK), Pfizer (NYSE:PFE), Teva Pharmaceutical Industries (NYSE:TEVA) Free Daily Newsletter Subscribe Terms & Conditions Sponsors Popular The Drunkest (and Driest) Cities in America The World's 31 Mega-Cities The Best and Worst States to Grow Old The Safest States in America The Most Dangerous Cars in America Recent The Path for Apple Shares to Rocket to $200 Ahead How Facebook Is Getting Even More Political Morgan Stanley Cuts Price Targets on Natural Gas-Related Firms Why Catalyst Bio Nearly Tripled Get Quote for: Symbol Lookup Search Could Real-World Studies Boost These 3 Big Pharma Stocks' Prospects? Snap Stock Falls as Facebook, Inc. Launches More Copycat Snapchat Features The 3 Best Media Stocks to Buy in 2017 Nasdaq climbs 44 points, or 0.8%, to 5,885 WTI oil prices settle at highest level in about a week May WTI oil gains 64 cents, or 1.3%, to settle at $48.37/bbl McCormick (MKC) Q1 Earnings Beats, Revenues Miss Estimates Carnival (CCL) Beats on Q1 Earnings, Lifts FY17 Guidance Why Investors are Bailing Out of US Stock ETFs Wall Street jumps, fueled by strong consumer data Tesla deal boosts Chinese presence in U.S. auto tech GM rebuffs two-class share plan from Einhorn's Greenlight Capital Oil Prices End At Highest Level In About a Week Chesapeake Energy's Stock Rallies On Heavy Volume After Bullish Note From Wunderlich Analyst Why Are Shale Drillers Spending $25 Billion at the Mere Hint of an Oil-Price Increase? GOP Congressman Turns Science Committee Into Platform For His Own Anti-Science Views Fake Target Employee Stole $40,000 In Merchandise, Police Say Coal Executive Admits Donald Trump Can't Single-Handedly Save The Industry Home About Us Disclaimer and Terms of Use Privacy Policy Contact Us Advertise AOL-HuffPost Money & Finance ©2017 24/7 Wall St. | Powered by WordPress.com VIP
Computerworld 3D-printed partial liver transplants targeted for 2020 News Technology News Business Cloud Computing Data Centre Gaming Dev Government Infrastructure Mobility Networking Open Source Security Servers Social Networking Software Software Development Storage Tech Planet Telecoms Tutorials Unified Comms Virtualisation Tools Blogs Editorial Contacts Events IT Media Releases Join Computerworld Newsletters NBN RSS Slideshows Vendor View Videos Zones Jobs Whitepapers All Whitepapers Business + Management Cloud Computing CRM Data Centre Data Management Disaster Recovery Network Security Storage Telecommunications Unified Communications Virtualisation Wireless Other Whitepapers Login Forgot password? Sign up now to get free exclusive access to reports, research and invitation only events. Twitter Facebook 3D-printed partial liver transplants targeted for 2020 3D-printed liver "patches" could extend the life of transplant patients for a year or two Lucas Mearian (Computerworld (US)) 28 March, 2017 04:42 - - - - print email Comments In as little as three years, patients awaiting a liver transplant may be able to donate healthy cells and have them replicated through a 3D printer into a dollar-sized piece of tissue that can extend their lives. San Diego-based bio-printing company Organovo has already shown that its 3D printed liver tissue patches have continued to function when implanted into mice. Next step: human beings. The 10-year-old company developed a bioprinting process that can be tailored to produce tissue in a variety of formats, including micro-scale human liver tissue and, most recently, kidney tissue. Organovo's 3D printed tissue has been used to accelerate the pre-clinical drug testing and discovery process. Traditional testing and development uses animal or a small sample of human cells placed in a petri dish, can cost on average $1.2 billion and take a dozen years. The cost is high, in part, because 90% of drugs do not pass animal and human clinical trials, so researchers must go back to the proverbial drawing board again and again until they succeed. Organovo's bioprinting technology better models how human tissue reacts to drugs and helps identify toxic drugs before they enter clinical trials; the tissue is printed 20 layers thick and includes functioning blood vessels, which more accurately mimics real human tissue. "When you take liver cells and put them on a petri dish, those never have all the aspects of normal human liver biology because they're taken out of their normal context and put into that dish... and liver cells are much more unhappy than most cells in that environment," said Organovo CEO Keith Murphy. The major stumbling block in creating tissue continues to be manufacturing the vascular system needed to provide it with life-sustaining oxygen and nutrients. Living cells may literally die before the tissue gets off the printer table. Organovo Organovo’s bioprinting process can be tailored to produce tissues in a variety of formats, including these micro-scale human liver tissues contained in standard multi-well tissue culture plates for drug testing. Organovo's ExVive 3D bioprinted human liver and kidney tissues are being touted as a breakthrough for drug safety and development. The bioprinting technology, which first saw commercial use in late 2014, creates the tissue and a network of capillary blood cells in the organ tissue in order to transport life-giving blood, better mimicking live organs. The vessels are made up of three different cell types stacked about 20 layers deep or about 500 microns thick. First comes a layer of human fibroblasts, then a 250-micron layer of human vascular smooth muscle cells and then a thin coating of human vascular endothelial cells. For some perspective on just how thin the printed vasculature is, consider that sheet of printer paper is 100 microns thick. So, the tissue Organovo has printed is the thickness of five sheets of paper stacked on top of each other. Organovo's 3D printed tissue is already being used by 11 of the world's top 25 pharmaceutical companies, such as Merck & Co., Bristol-Myers Squibb Co. and Japan-based Astellas Pharma Inc.. Both Merck and Astellas released data this month at the Society of Toxicology Conference showing that 3D-printed tissue is superior compared to traditional drug testing methods. The company's technology is now seeing uptake among small, venture capital-backed pharmaceutical companies, which typically work on only one or two drug development projects at a time. More recently, the technology has also shown the potential for "printing" larger therapeutic tissues used in transplant medicine. "We're now working toward clinical trials with liver patches for direct transfer to patients," Murphy said. "It's still early on this front; it's not a full organ, which we do think we can get to longer term. "What we said is how can we help the most people in the shortest time frame. Because we're able to make this liver tissue in a dish, we said let's make something using the same technology but make it as large as possible to put into patients." What Organovo has produced is a liver "patch" about the size and thickness of a dollar bill that can implanted in patients awaiting a liver transplant. "What it can do is essentially take these patients...and carry them for one or two years to give them better liver function and allow them a bridge to a transplant," Murphy said. "So it keeps them out of the hospital while they're waiting for a transplant. "We've got active animal trials going on and we're targeting having it in patients as soon as the year 2020," he added. In mice, the liver tissue patches have been shown to begin circulating blood as early as seven days after the transplant and for at least 28 days after implantation. The therapudic liver patch transplants will likely first be used in patients with acute, chronic liver failure and pediatric patients, where the need is most critical. Organovo intends to submit an "Investigational New Drug application to the U.S. Food and Drug Administration for its therapeutic liver tissue. The total market opportunity for the therapeutic liver transplants exceeds $3 billion in the U.S., according to Organology. Organovo is not the only research facility working on printing human tissue for implants and drug testing. Last year, the University of San Diego published a report showing it had succeeded in printing both liver tissue and a vascular system. The liver plays a critical role in how the body metabolizes drugs and produces key proteins -- that's why printed liver models are increasingly being developed in the lab as platforms for drug screening. University of Toronto MaRS Innovations collaborated with the University of Toronto to create the PrintAlive Bioprinter, which replicates skin cells by pushing the printed tissue through several channels to create a thin film of tissue. Other companies have succeeded in printing skin using a patient's own cells for grafting purposes. For example, MaRS Innovations created the PrintAlive Bioprinter in collaboration with the Innovations and Partnerships Office (IPO) of the University of Toronto to create a machine that prints skin that rolls off a mini conveyor belt. And, the Wyss Institute for Biologically Inspired Engineering at Harvard University has created a 3D printer that can lay down four different types of cells at the same time. The breakthrough in that research has been the ability to create blood vessels that can feed living tissue. 7 Habits of the Effective Network Manager More from NetScout Join the Computerworld newsletter! Join Error: Please check your email address. Tags Daily Briefing More about Bristol-Myers Squibb Co.CustomersHarvard UniversityInc.MerckNews Editor's Recommendations Telstra loses fight against wholesale price cuts ACCC not sold on some changes to key NBN agreement ‘Gigatown’: MyRepublic launches gigabit broadband competition NT govt unloads on NBN satellite, pushes for fixed wireless ACCC upbeat on support for broadband speed monitoring program Blackmores, Aus Post back Alibaba’s blockchain-based anti-fraud efforts Read more Netscout Partner Zone Web Events Cloud Migration: The Comprehensive Checklist to Success Tomorrow's success comes from today's data Leading the Tech Agenda in STEM Education Related Whitepapers Accelerate Your Glide Path to AWS Cloud Migration 5 Common WiFi Problems With Simple Solutions 7 Ways Link-Solutions Empowers Network Pros to Work Faster and Smarter Responding to Today’s Advanced Threats Show Comments Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Read next Banks ill-equipped for proposed APRA data demands ACCC not sold on some changes to key NBN agreement ​CISO 101: Securing the expanding attack surface and demonstrating ROI CSO Online In pictures: Leading the Tech Agenda in STEM Education: Preparing Youth for ... In pictures: Leading the Tech Agenda in STEM Education: Preparing Youth for ... Optus strikes new managed services deal with EnergyAustralia Editorial Contacts Advertising Information Privacy Policy RSS Newsletters Events Whitepapers News Zones IT Media Releases Slideshows Videos Copyright 2017 IDG Communications. ABN 14 001 592 650. All rights reserved. Reproduction in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of IDG Communications is prohibited. IDG Sites: PC World | GoodGearGuide | CIO | CMO | CSO | Techworld | ARN | CIO Executive Council
Menu CIO CloseCIO In-depth Big Data BPM Budgeting Business Continuity Business Intelligence C-Suite Perspectives Change Management Cloud Consumerisation of IT Infrastructure Innovation IT Value KM/Storage Mobile/Wireless/Convergence Project Management Risk Management Security Vendor View Resources Career CIO Executive Council e-Mags Events Media Releases News Newsletters PartnerZones Slideshows Videos Whitepapers Industries Education Finance Government Login Forgot password? Sign up now to get free exclusive access to reports, research and invitation only events. LinkedIn Twitter YouTube Facebook Google Plus Send Us E-mail Privacy Policy [Updated 3 Mar 14] Advertising CSO Subscribe to emails Subscribe to IDG Publications Contact Us Menu CIO 3D-printed partial liver transplants targeted for 2020 3D-printed partial liver transplants targeted for 2020 3D-printed liver "patches" could extend the life of transplant patients for a year or two Lucas Mearian (Computerworld (US)) 28 March, 2017 04:42 - - - - print email Comments In as little as three years, patients awaiting a liver transplant may be able to donate healthy cells and have them replicated through a 3D printer into a dollar-sized piece of tissue that can extend their lives. San Diego-based bio-printing company Organovo has already shown that its 3D printed liver tissue patches have continued to function when implanted into mice. Next step: human beings. The 10-year-old company developed a bioprinting process that can be tailored to produce tissue in a variety of formats, including micro-scale human liver tissue and, most recently, kidney tissue. Organovo's 3D printed tissue has been used to accelerate the pre-clinical drug testing and discovery process. Traditional testing and development uses animal or a small sample of human cells placed in a petri dish, can cost on average $1.2 billion and take a dozen years. The cost is high, in part, because 90% of drugs do not pass animal and human clinical trials, so researchers must go back to the proverbial drawing board again and again until they succeed. Organovo's bioprinting technology better models how human tissue reacts to drugs and helps identify toxic drugs before they enter clinical trials; the tissue is printed 20 layers thick and includes functioning blood vessels, which more accurately mimics real human tissue. "When you take liver cells and put them on a petri dish, those never have all the aspects of normal human liver biology because they're taken out of their normal context and put into that dish... and liver cells are much more unhappy than most cells in that environment," said Organovo CEO Keith Murphy. The major stumbling block in creating tissue continues to be manufacturing the vascular system needed to provide it with life-sustaining oxygen and nutrients. Living cells may literally die before the tissue gets off the printer table. Organovo Organovo’s bioprinting process can be tailored to produce tissues in a variety of formats, including these micro-scale human liver tissues contained in standard multi-well tissue culture plates for drug testing. Organovo's ExVive 3D bioprinted human liver and kidney tissues are being touted as a breakthrough for drug safety and development. The bioprinting technology, which first saw commercial use in late 2014, creates the tissue and a network of capillary blood cells in the organ tissue in order to transport life-giving blood, better mimicking live organs. The vessels are made up of three different cell types stacked about 20 layers deep or about 500 microns thick. First comes a layer of human fibroblasts, then a 250-micron layer of human vascular smooth muscle cells and then a thin coating of human vascular endothelial cells. For some perspective on just how thin the printed vasculature is, consider that sheet of printer paper is 100 microns thick. So, the tissue Organovo has printed is the thickness of five sheets of paper stacked on top of each other. Organovo's 3D printed tissue is already being used by 11 of the world's top 25 pharmaceutical companies, such as Merck & Co., Bristol-Myers Squibb Co. and Japan-based Astellas Pharma Inc.. Both Merck and Astellas released data this month at the Society of Toxicology Conference showing that 3D-printed tissue is superior compared to traditional drug testing methods. The company's technology is now seeing uptake among small, venture capital-backed pharmaceutical companies, which typically work on only one or two drug development projects at a time. More recently, the technology has also shown the potential for "printing" larger therapeutic tissues used in transplant medicine. "We're now working toward clinical trials with liver patches for direct transfer to patients," Murphy said. "It's still early on this front; it's not a full organ, which we do think we can get to longer term. "What we said is how can we help the most people in the shortest time frame. Because we're able to make this liver tissue in a dish, we said let's make something using the same technology but make it as large as possible to put into patients." What Organovo has produced is a liver "patch" about the size and thickness of a dollar bill that can implanted in patients awaiting a liver transplant. "What it can do is essentially take these patients...and carry them for one or two years to give them better liver function and allow them a bridge to a transplant," Murphy said. "So it keeps them out of the hospital while they're waiting for a transplant. "We've got active animal trials going on and we're targeting having it in patients as soon as the year 2020," he added. In mice, the liver tissue patches have been shown to begin circulating blood as early as seven days after the transplant and for at least 28 days after implantation. The therapudic liver patch transplants will likely first be used in patients with acute, chronic liver failure and pediatric patients, where the need is most critical. Organovo intends to submit an "Investigational New Drug application to the U.S. Food and Drug Administration for its therapeutic liver tissue. The total market opportunity for the therapeutic liver transplants exceeds $3 billion in the U.S., according to Organology. Organovo is not the only research facility working on printing human tissue for implants and drug testing. Last year, the University of San Diego published a report showing it had succeeded in printing both liver tissue and a vascular system. The liver plays a critical role in how the body metabolizes drugs and produces key proteins -- that's why printed liver models are increasingly being developed in the lab as platforms for drug screening. University of Toronto MaRS Innovations collaborated with the University of Toronto to create the PrintAlive Bioprinter, which replicates skin cells by pushing the printed tissue through several channels to create a thin film of tissue. Other companies have succeeded in printing skin using a patient's own cells for grafting purposes. For example, MaRS Innovations created the PrintAlive Bioprinter in collaboration with the Innovations and Partnerships Office (IPO) of the University of Toronto to create a machine that prints skin that rolls off a mini conveyor belt. And, the Wyss Institute for Biologically Inspired Engineering at Harvard University has created a 3D printer that can lay down four different types of cells at the same time. The breakthrough in that research has been the ability to create blood vessels that can feed living tissue. ​CIO Executive Council member profile: Emmanuel Steve Dulvin More from CIO Executive Council Join the CIO Australia group on LinkedIn. The group is open to CIOs, IT Directors, COOs, CTOs and senior IT managers. Join the CIO newsletter! Join Error: Please check your email address. Tags Daily Briefing More about Bristol-Myers Squibb Co.CustomersHarvard UniversityInc.MerckNews Editor's Recommendations Mind the (expectation) gap The ultimate test: Inside Cricket Australia's digital transformation Opinion: Are the ATO and Census failures just the tip of the iceberg? ​Australia is not a screw-up nation ​Is Apple under threat? How operational resilience helped RBA survive a siege Web Events Cloud Migration: The Comprehensive Checklist to Success Accelerating digital business in the 4th industrial revolution Mastering the science of IT spend Read more Latest Blog Posts Digital disinterest David Bartlett Why best practice is risky Rob Livingstone Open Government, how ready is Australia? Rory Gregg Related Whitepapers How to Overcome Today’s Top ITSM Challenges 2017 Trends: SD-WAN Advances Towards Mainstream Adoption Consolidate: Get Control of Your Service Desk CIO Forum in Association with Dell Technologies Latest Jobs Data Analyst Lead SA Delivery Executive SA Deployment Manager | Contract VIC Application Team Lead - ERP & Microsoft Technologies NSW Security Support Analyst NSW Manager Portfolio Planning QLD Head of Architecture, Global Financial Institution NSW Contracts Manager NSW Project Coordinator/Administrator NSW New Business Lead - Professional Services (Pre-Sales) NSW Show all jobs Show Comments Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Read next Sinodinos: Australia ready for tech related job losses API push paying off for Australian businesses ​Embedding ethical risk culture in organisations CSO Online 10 things you may not know about Google In pictures: CMO/CIO/ADMA Executive Connections breakfast in Sydney New era, new buzzphrase: We're headed for 'Digital Cohesion' CSO 9 biggest information security threats through 2019 LastPass is scrambling to fix another serious vulnerability Malware infection rate of smartphones is soaring – Android devices often the target Study finds devices are not wiped properly The week in security: Apple extortion attempt; can Blockchain protect medical devices? Computerworld Refurbishing Samsung Note7s for resale is a 'disastrous' plan, Gartner analyst says Microsoft winds up work on Windows 10 Creators Update Internet privacy? Who needs that? Trump’s son-in-law, Jared Kushner, prepares for Cobol, cloud, mainframes Telstra loses fight against wholesale price cuts ARN AWS partner scores $5.6 million database deal with NSW Govt No copper network price hike for Telstra Ingram Micro unwraps new-look Odin cloud platform for partners Aussie businesses hit with $589,000 in damages over pirated software use Macquarie Telecom vies for investor confidence after Vocus sell-off Techworld Report: Samsung’s flagship smartphones tank just before Galaxy S8 launch Refurbishing Samsung Note7s for resale is a 'disastrous' plan, Gartner analyst says Amazon Connect brings contact centers to the cloud Excel for Windows finally gets real-time collaboration BlueJeans teams with Dolby for teleconference audio clarity CMO Report: Internet advertising to surpass TV this year The 4-point plan needed to address media supply chain chaos Heathrow Airport’s journey towards passenger personalisation ​Coca Cola axes CMO role in global restructure Report: CMO tenure declines again Send Us E-mail Privacy Policy [Updated 3 Mar 14] Advertising Books CSO Subscribe to emails IDG registered user login Subscribe to IDG Publications Contact Us Copyright 2017 IDG Communications. ABN 14 001 592 650. All rights reserved. Reproduction in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of IDG Communications is prohibited. IDG Sites PC World GoodGearGuide Computerworld CMO CSO Techworld ARN CIO Executive Council IDG Education IDG Government IDG Health
Latest News Dow 20,707 +156.14 +0.76% Nasdaq 5,877 +37.11 +0.64% S&P 500 2,359 +17.67 +0.75% 3:38 P.M. ET Stock-picking fund managers double down on economic growth 3:30 P.M. ET Updated Dollar turns higher as consumer-confidence reading boosts stocks 3:29 P.M. ET Updated Qualifications: Fluent in English, excellent writing skills, ability to wallow in luxury 3:27 P.M. ET Updated As Senator McCaskill probes marketing of opioids, fatal overdoses spike among white, middle-aged men 3:21 P.M. ET Updated ‘Made in the USA’ was only No. 10 in this ranking of national labels 3:17 P.M. ET Updated Oil ends at 1-week high on Libya output disruptions 3:06 P.M. ET Updated Stock market gathers momentum; Dow on track to halt 8-session skid 3:03 P.M. ET Updated Fed’s Fischer forecasts two more interest rate hikes this year 3:02 P.M. ET Updated The Trump-inspired ‘reflation trade’ just suffered a major setback 3:02 P.M. ET Updated Daily Mail gets slammed for sexist front page, tells readers to ‘get a life’ 2:59 P.M. ET Updated Why investors aren’t more excited about Regeneron’s new $37,000-a-year drug 2:56 P.M. ET With low yields abroad, investors hunt for international dividend funds 2:50 P.M. ET Updated Oil prices end at highest level in about a week 2:44 P.M. ET Breaking Nasdaq climbs 44 points, or 0.8%, to 5,885 2:44 P.M. ET WTI oil prices settle at highest level in about a week 2:44 P.M. ET May WTI oil gains 64 cents, or 1.3%, to settle at $48.37/bbl 2:44 P.M. ET Breaking Dow up 174 points, or 0.9%, to 20,727 2:44 P.M. ET Breaking S&P 500 rises 20 points, or 0.9%, to 2,362 2:43 P.M. ET Breaking Stocks accelerate gains in afternoon trade 2:43 P.M. ET Chesapeake Energy's stock rallies on heavy volume after bullish note from Wunderlich analyst Log In Home News Viewer Video SectorWatch Podcasts First Take Games Portfolio My MarketWatch News Viewer Markets U.S. Europe/Middle East Emerging Markets Asia Canada SectorWatch Columns Market Snapshot Movers & Shakers The Tell Currencies Futures Movers Pre-Market News Tools Earnings Wall Markets Overview IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar Currency Tools Futures Contracts Market Screener Hulbert Interactive Investing Stocks Mutual Funds ETFs Options Bonds Commodities Currencies Futures Financial Adviser Center Hedge Funds/Insider Trades Getting Started MarketWatch Adviser Columns Options Trader Revolution Investing Tools Stock Screener Funds Finder ETF Screener Options Screener IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar More... Personal Finance 10 Things Big Spender Real Estate Spending & Saving Taxes Columns The Moneyologist Brett Arends Bill Bischoff Amy Hoak Chuck Jaffe Jennifer Openshaw Jennifer Waters Tools Funds Finder Today's Rates Retirement Retire Here, Not There Encore Taxes How-to Guides Social Security Estate Planning Events Columns Robert Powell's Retirement Portfolio Andrea Coombes's Working Retirement Tools Retirement Planner How long will my money last? Economy Federal Reserve Capitol Report Economic Report Columns Darrell Delamaide Irwin Kellner Rex Nutting Tools Economic Calendar Real Estate Location Scouts realtor.com My MarketWatch Watchlist Alerts Games Log In Until New York Markets Close Market Snapshot Winners and Losers Home Industries Health Care Trumpcare’s collapse creates some certainty for health-care stocks By Tomi Kilgore Published: Mar 28, 2017 7:42 a.m. ET Share Health-care sector ETF was the best perfomer among key sector trackers Getty Images By TomiKilgore Reporter and editor In a surprising twist, health-care stocks were mostly higher Monday as the collapse of the American Health Care Act helped create some certainty amid an increasingly uncertain policy environment. The SPDR Health Care Select Sector exchange-traded fund XLV, +0.19%  was the best performing ETF tracking the S&P 500’s 11 key sectors, and just one of two that rose on Monday. The ETF closed up 0.3, with 47 of its 60 equity components gaining ground. On Friday, when Republicans pulled the vote on the health bill because of a lack of support, the XLV fell as much as 0.4% in intraday trading before closing up 0.1%. Meanwhile, the S&P 500 index SPX, +0.82%  shed 0.3% Monday, after losing 0.1% on Friday. See Market Snapshot. “The [Affordable Care Act] remains in place and for the foreseeable future will be the blueprint for health care,” wrote Veda Partners LLC analysts Spencer Perlman and Sumesh Sood in a research note. “We expect health care to outperform the broad market due to greater certainty of the business environment and discounting in the broader market for the potential of comprehensive tax reform.” Don’t miss: What Trump can do to undermine Obamacare, now that the GOP health bill has failed. In contrast, the sectors suffering the biggest losses Monday were among those thought to be the biggest beneficiaries of President Donald Trump’s policy promises, of reduced regulation, a corporate tax cut and a boost to infrastructure spending. The SPDR Financial Select Sector XLF, +1.45%  slumped 0.4%, after running up 18% since the election through Friday. The SPDR Industrial Select Sector ETF XLI, +1.23%  shed 0.4% after running up 11% since the election. The Dow Jones Industrial Average DJIA, +0.81%  fell 46 points, but three of its four health-care components closed higher. Pfizer Inc. shares PFE, +0.20%  gained 0.5%, Johnson & Johnson shares JNJ, -0.06%  rose 0.3% and Merck & Co. Inc. shares MRK, +0.22%  tacked on less than 0.1%, while UnitedHealth Group Inc. UNH, +0.78%  shares slipped 0.2%. How the GOP health-care bill failed (1:54) In a blow to President Trump's young administration, House Republicans pulled their bill to replace Obamacare after failing to gain support within their own party. WSJ's Shelby Holliday explains how the American Health Care Act failed. Photo: Olivier Douliery/Bloomberg News Sheryl Skolnick, analyst at Mizuho Securities, said the failure of the AHCA, also known as “Trumpcare,” means hospital companies she covers have moved into “a nicer, friendlier neighborhood” that includes the continuation of the benefit of the Medicaid expansion without a near-term threat of block grants. As a results, Skolnick upgraded both Universal Health Services Inc. UHS, -0.44%  and HCA Holdings Inc. HCA, -1.24%  to buy from neutral. Universal Health’s stock ran up 3.4% and HCA shares hiked up 5.2%. Trump speaks after GOP House leaders pull health bill(2:19) President Donald Trump spoke from the Oval Office on Friday afternoon after House Republicans abandoned their effort to pass a health-care bill that would replace the Affordable Care Act. Photo: AP. Among the XLV’s other more-active components, Abbott Laboratories shares ABT, +0.12%  slipped 0.1%, Bristol-Myers Squibb Co. shares BMY, +0.37%  added 0.3%, Mylan NV shares MYL, +0.24%  climbed 1.8%, Boston Scientific Corp. shares BSX, +0.49%  advanced 1.1% and Allergan PLC shares AGN, +0.68%  gained 0.9%. More from MarketWatch Gorsuch Grilled on Hobby Lobby and Religious Freedom Consumer confidence soars in March to best reading in 16 years How Trump Can Tackle Tax Reform Next Quote References XLV +0.14 +0.19% SPX +19.26 +0.82% XLF +0.34 +1.45% XLI +0.79 +1.23% DJIA +165.76 +0.81% PFE +0.07 +0.20% JNJ -0.08 -0.06% MRK +0.14 +0.22% UNH +1.28 +0.78% UHS -0.56 -0.44% HCA -1.12 -1.24% ABT +0.06 +0.12% BMY +0.21 +0.37% MYL +0.10 +0.24% BSX +0.12 +0.49% AGN +1.63 +0.68% Show all references Most Popular Trump’s intriguing idea: Cut debt by selling off federal assets The Nintendo Switch launch, in many charts The most expensive city in the world is NOT New York or San Francisco Stock market gathers momentum; Dow on track to halt 8-session skid How 4D mapping could change the way we live and work Tomi Kilgore Tomi Kilgore is MarketWatch's deputy investing and corporate news editor and is based in New York. You can follow him on Twitter @TomiKilgore. MarketWatch Partner Center Tomi Kilgore Tomi Kilgore is MarketWatch's deputy investing and corporate news editor and is based in New York. You can follow him on Twitter @TomiKilgore. We Want to Hear from You Join the conversation Comment Luxury Real Estate Modern technology for man’s best friends View More SectorWatch How credit scores predict what you will buy next View More Moneyish This is when taking an Uber to work can actually save you money View More Financial News The grumpy Englishmen bringing transparency to global FX View More Sponsored Headlines MarketWatch Site Index Topics Help Feedback Newsroom Roster Media Archive Premium Products Mobile Company Company Info Code of Conduct Corrections Advertising Media Kit Advertise Locally Reprints & Licensing Broker Center Your Ad Choices Dow Jones Network WSJ.com Barron's Online BigCharts Virtual Stock Exchange Financial News Online WSJ.com Small Business realtor.com Mansion Global Back to Top Copyright ©2017 MarketWatch, Inc. All rights reserved. By using this site you agree to the Terms of Service, Privacy Policy, and Cookie Policy (updated). Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. Intraday data delayed per exchange requirements. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real time last sale data provided by NASDAQ. More information on NASDAQ traded symbols and their current financial status. Intraday data delayed 15 minutes for Nasdaq, and 20 minutes for other exchanges. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. SEHK intraday data is provided by SIX Financial Information and is at least 60-minutes delayed. All quotes are in local exchange time. Advanced Search Stocks Columns Authors Topics No results found Health Care Select Sector SPDR ETF U.S.: NYSE Arca: XLV $74.63 +0.14 (+0.19%) Volume 5.7M Open $74.34 High $74.64 Low $74.11 P/E Ratio 0 Div Yield 1.47 Market Cap N/A S&P 500 Index S&P Base CME: SPX 2,360.85 +19.26 (+0.82%) Volume 1.4B Open 2,340 High 2,364 Low 2,338 P/E Ratio 0 Div Yield 0 Market Cap N/A Financial Select Sector SPDR ETF U.S.: NYSE Arca: XLF $23.79 +0.34 (+1.45%) Volume 57.1M Open $23.37 High $23.86 Low $23.37 P/E Ratio 0 Div Yield 1.48 Market Cap N/A Industrial Select Sector SPDR ETF U.S.: NYSE Arca: XLI $65.09 +0.79 (+1.23%) Volume 6.0M Open $64.10 High $65.19 Low $64.10 P/E Ratio 0 Div Yield 1.82 Market Cap N/A Dow Jones Industrial Average DJ-Index: DJIA 20,716.74 +165.76 (+0.81%) Volume 210.1M Open 20,542 High 20,736 Low 20,520 P/E Ratio 0 Div Yield 0 Market Cap N/A Pfizer Inc. U.S.: NYSE: PFE $34.25 +0.07 (+0.20%) Volume 12.3M Open $34.06 High $34.26 Low $33.97 P/E Ratio 29.38 Div Yield 3.74 Market Cap 203.5B Johnson & Johnson U.S.: NYSE: JNJ $125.72 -0.08 (-0.06%) Volume 3.5M Open $125.62 High $125.74 Low $124.78 P/E Ratio 21.37 Div Yield 2.55 Market Cap 341.0B Merck & Co. Inc. U.S.: NYSE: MRK $63.33 +0.14 (+0.22%) Volume 7.7M Open $63.20 High $63.34 Low $62.88 P/E Ratio 45.31 Div Yield 2.97 Market Cap 173.5B UnitedHealth Group Inc. U.S.: NYSE: UNH $165.88 +1.28 (+0.78%) Volume 3.8M Open $164.58 High $165.93 Low $163.84 P/E Ratio 22.18 Div Yield 1.51 Market Cap 157.0B Universal Health Services Inc. Cl B U.S.: NYSE: UHS $125.41 -0.56 (-0.44%) Volume 614.6K Open $125.34 High $125.46 Low $123.28 P/E Ratio 17.56 Div Yield 0.32 Market Cap 12.2B HCA Holdings Inc. U.S.: NYSE: HCA $89.37 -1.12 (-1.24%) Volume 3.6M Open $89.99 High $90.17 Low $88.05 P/E Ratio 12.21 Div Yield 0 Market Cap 33.5B Abbott Laboratories U.S.: NYSE: ABT $44.76 +0.06 (+0.12%) Volume 3.8M Open $44.74 High $44.77 Low $44.26 P/E Ratio 48.37 Div Yield 2.37 Market Cap 77.2B Bristol-Myers Squibb Co. U.S.: NYSE: BMY $56.25 +0.21 (+0.37%) Volume 6.5M Open $56.04 High $56.37 Low $55.93 P/E Ratio 21.23 Div Yield 2.77 Market Cap 92.3B Mylan N.V. U.S.: Nasdaq: MYL $41.81 +0.10 (+0.24%) Volume 3.6M Open $41.94 High $42.48 Low $41.55 P/E Ratio 45.92 Div Yield 0 Market Cap 22.3B Boston Scientific Corp. U.S.: NYSE: BSX $24.70 +0.12 (+0.49%) Volume 3.7M Open $24.52 High $24.76 Low $24.41 P/E Ratio 94.98 Div Yield 0 Market Cap 33.5B Allergan PLC U.S.: NYSE: AGN $241.01 +1.63 (+0.68%) Volume 1.3M Open $239.38 High $241.21 Low $239.38 P/E Ratio 6.44 Div Yield 0 Market Cap 80.2B
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 27 March 2017 by Military News Provider and Payer Population Health Executive Christopher Stanley, M.D., joins Navigant CHICAGO–(BUSINESS WIRE)–Christopher Stanley, M.D., MBA, a 25-year industry veteran with extensive health system and payer executive leadership experience, has joined Navigant as a director in its Healthcare practice. In this role, Dr. Stanley will advise hospitals, health systems, physician enterprises, and payers on best practices for implementing population health and value-based reimbursement models. A trained pediatrician and retired U.S. Army major, Dr. Stanley most recently served as system vice president of population health for Catholic Health Initiatives (CHI), where he successfully led population health efforts for more than 100 hospitals across 17 states. This included creation and implementation of support services to manage the system’s data analytics, care model design, and incentive and funds flow models. “Chris has a distinguished track record of guiding provider, payer, and employer convergence in developing and implementing models that improve care delivery and grow market share,” said David Burik, managing director and leader of Navigant’s payer/provider consulting division. “He’s a valuable asset for our client providers and payers as we work with them to drive sustainable performance improvements in an industry demanding multi-segment collaboration.” While at CHI, Dr. Stanley: Led the growth of one of the country’s largest health system Medicare bundled payment initiatives from four to 35 facilities over two years. Oversaw Medicare Shared Savings Program, Medicaid, and commercial payer participation across 10 accountable care organizations (ACOs). Served as chief medical officer for CHI’s employee benefit plan, to include management of a seven-state clinically integrated network (CIN). Initiated Medicare Access and CHIP Reauthorization Act (MACRA) education and participation among 10,000 physicians. Prior to his time at CHI, Dr. Stanley served as chief medical officer for UnitedHealthcare of Colorado, where he oversaw quality and cost management for over 700,000 commercial and Medicare members and led multiple payment reform initiatives, including the Colorado Patient Centered Medical Home (PCMH) multi-payer pilot. He also worked at Schering-Plough Corporation (now part of Merck & Co. Inc.), where he established a team of clinicians dedicated to the science and business of Hepatitis C therapy. Navigant’s Healthcare practice is comprised of more than 500 consultants, former provider administrators, clinicians, and other experts with decades of strategy, operational/clinical consulting, managed services, revenue cycle management, and outsourcing experience. Experts collaborate with hospitals and health systems, physician enterprises, payers, and government entities, providing enterprise-wide strategic development and performance improvement solutions. About Navigant Navigant Consulting, Inc. (NYSE: NCI) is a specialized, global professional services firm that helps clients take control of their future. Navigant’s professionals apply deep industry knowledge, substantive technical expertise, and an enterprising approach to help clients build, manage, and/or protect their business interests. With a focus on markets and clients facing transformational change and significant regulatory or legal pressures, the firm primarily serves clients in the healthcare, energy, and financial services industries. Across a range of advisory, consulting, outsourcing, and technology/analytics services, Navigant’s practitioners bring sharp insight that pinpoints opportunities and delivers powerful results. More information about Navigant can be found at navigant.com. CategoriesUncategorized Tagsarmy, Business, Companies, division, Education, Health, Home and Garden, Industry, Legal, major, Markets, officer, Science, Technology, Uncategorized, veteran Post navigation Previous PostPrevious QDOBA Mexican Eats® Celebrates New Primetime Nachos with Free Food on World Party Day Next PostNext Transit Cards Market Driving Factors, Industry Analysis, Investment Feasibility and Trends Search Business Contacts Business Directory Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 27 March 2017 by satprnews satprnews Global Nanomedicine Market Estimates and Forecasts from 2017 – 2023 OrbisResearch.com has published new research report on ” Global Nanomedicine Market – Drivers, Opportunities, Trends, and Forecasts: 2017–2023” to its database. Overview: Nanomedicine is an offshoot of nanotechnology, and refers to highly-specific medical intervention at the molecular scale for curing diseases or repairing damaged tissues. Nanomedicine uses nano-sized tools for the diagnosis, prevention and treatment of disease, and to gain increased understanding of the complex underlying pathophysiology of the disease. It involves three nanotechnology areas of diagnosis, imaging agents, and drug delivery with nanoparticles in the 1–1,000 nm range, biochips, and polymer therapeutics. The majority of nanomedicines used now allow oral drug delivery and its demand is increasing significantly. Although these nanovectors are designed to translocate across the gastrointestinal tract, lung, and blood–brain barrier, the amount of drug transferred to the organ is lower than 1%; therefore improvements are challenging. Nanomedicines are designed to maximize the benefit/risk ratio, and their toxicity must be evaluated not only by sufficiently long term in vitro and in vivo studies, but also pass multiple clinical studies. Request a free sample copy of Report with Table of contents@ http://www.orbisresearch.com/contacts/request-sample/240671 The major drivers of the nanomedicine market include its application in various therapeutic areas, increasing R&D studies about nanorobots in this segment, and significant investments in clinical trials by the government as well as private sector. The Oncology segment is the major therapeutic area for nanomedicine application, which comprised more than 35% of the total market share in 2016. A major focus in this segment is expected to drive the growth of the nanomedicine market in the future. Market Analysis: The “Global Nanomedicine Market” is estimated to witness a CAGR of 17.1% during the forecast period 2017–2023. The nanomedicine market is analyzed based on two segments – therapeutic applications and regions. Regional Analysis: The regions covered in the report are the Americas, Europe, Asia Pacific, and Rest of the World (ROW). The Americas is set to be the leading region for the nanomedicine market growth followed by Europe. The Asia Pacific and ROW are set to be the emerging regions. Japan is set to be the most attractive destination and in Africa, the popularity and the usage of various nano-drugs are expected to increase in the coming years. The major countries covered in this report are the US, Germany, Japan, and Others. Therapeutic Application Analysis: Nanomedicines are used as fluorescent markers for diagnostic and screening purposes. Moreover, nanomedicines are introducing new therapeutic opportunities for a large number of agents that cannot be used effectively as conventional oral formulations due to poor bioavailability. The therapeutic areas for nanomedicine application are Oncology, Cardiovascular, Neurology, Anti-inflammatory, Anti-infectives, and various other areas. Globally, the industry players are focusing significantly on R&D to gain approval for various clinical trials for future nano-drugs to be commercially available in the market. The FDA should be relatively prepared for some of the earliest and most basic applications of nanomedicine in areas such as gene therapy and tissue engineering. The more advanced applications of nanomedicine will pose unique challenges in terms of classification and maintenance of scientific expertise. Key Players: Merck & Co. Inc., Hoffmann-La Roche Ltd., Gilead Sciences Inc., Novartis AG, Amgen Inc., Pfizer Inc., Eli Lilly and Company, Sanofi, Nanobiotix SA, UCB SA and other predominate & niche players. Competitive Analysis: At present, the nanomedicine market is at a nascent stage – but, a lot of new players are entering the market as it holds huge business opportunities. Especially, big players along with the collaboration with other SMBs for clinical trials of nanoparticles and compounds are coming with new commercial targeted drugs in the market and they are expecting a double-digit growth in the upcoming years. Significant investments in R&D in this market are expected to increase and collaborations, merger & acquisition activities are expected to continue. Enquiry Before buying Report@ http://www.orbisresearch.com/contacts/enquiry-before-buying/240671 Benefits: The report provides complete details about the usage and adoption rate of nanomedicines in various therapeutic verticals and regions. With that, key stakeholders can know about the major trends, drivers, investments, vertical player’s initiatives, government initiatives towards the nanomedicine adoption in the upcoming years along with the details of commercial drugs available in the market. Moreover, the report provides details about the major challenges that are going to impact on the market growth. Additionally, the report gives the complete details about the key business opportunities to key stakeholders to expand their business and capture the revenue in the specific verticals to analyze before investing or expanding the business in this market. Countries Covered: America’s,Europe,APAC and Others. Germany and Japan   Companies Covered: Merck & Co.Inc, Hoffmann-La Roche Ltd, Gilead Sciences, Novartis AG, Amgen Inc, Pfizer Inc, Eli Lilly and Company, Sanofi,Nanobiotix SA,UCB SA. About Us:                  Orbis Research (orbisresearch.com) is a single point aid for all your market research requirements. We have vast database of reports from the leading publishers and authors across the globe. We specialize in delivering customised reports as per the requirements of our clients. We have complete information about our publishers and hence are sure about the accuracy of the industries and verticals of their specialisation. This helps our clients to map their needs and we produce the perfect required market research study for our clients. Contact Us:       Hector Costello Senior Manager – Client Engagements 4144N Central Expressway, Suite 600, Dallas, Texas – 75204, U.S.A. Phone No.: +1 (214) 884-6817; +912064101019 Email ID: sales@orbisresearch.com CategoriesUncategorized Tagsb2b, Business, capture, Companies, company, Electronics, Google News, Industry, Investment, Machinery, major, Manufacturing and Construction, Markets, private, satPRnews, World Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Oregon Based Cannabis Oil Company, Odin, Introduces ODIN Line of Ultra Premium Personal Vaporizers Next PostNext Eltek Reports Fourth Quarter and Full Year 2016 Financial Results Search Business Contacts Business Directory Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 27 March 2017 by satprnews satprnews PD-1 and PDL-1 Inhibitors Market – Global Industry Insights, Trends, Outlook, and Opportunity Analysis, 2016–2024 PD-1 and PDL-1 Inhibitors Market Targeted cancer therapy is the primary objective of extensive research related to cancer drugs. Our immune cells are programmed to attack the foreign cell on activation. PD-1 and PDL-1 are among those activation points present on the immune cells. Sometimes cancer cells also use this PD-1 and PDL-1 trigger points to avoid being attacked by the immune cells. Therefore, cancer drugs targeting these cells hold tremendous potential in the cancer treatment market. Approved PD-1 and PDL-1 inhibitor drugs have become blockbuster products. The global PD-1 and PDL-1 inhibitors market is segmented based on the drug type and application as follows: Drug Type PD-1 inhibitors Pembrolizumab (Keytruda) Nivolumab (Opdivo) PDL-1 inhibitors Atezolizumab (Tecentriq) Avelumab (Bavencio) Applications Non-small cell lung cancer Kidney cancer Melanoma of the skin Bladder cancer Merkel cell skin cancer Others Request for PDF of Sample Pages @ https://www.coherentmarketinsights.com/insight/request-sample/173 PD-1 inhibitors are effective in treating non-small-cell lung carcinoma (NSCLC), kidney cancer, melanoma of the skin, head and neck cancers, bladder cancer, and Hodgkin lymphoma. Opdivo is leading the race with US$ 3.8 Bn in sales in 2016, compared to US$ 1.4 Bn of Keytruda in 2016. Both these drugs have garnered significant development in past two years with respect to extended therapeutic application and approvals in European countries and Japan. PDL-1 inhibitors are proven to be effective in NSCLC, bladder cancer, and Merkel cell skin cancer. Avelumab received FDA approval in March 2017 for metastatic Merkel cell carcinoma (MCC), a rare skin cancer with no approved therapies. The drug therefore, received approval under the accelerated approval process, requiring the developers, Pfizer, Inc. and Merck KGaA to conduct larger clinical trials to establish complete safety and efficacy of the drug. The drug is also being tested for bladder cancer, NSCLC, gastric cancer, ovarian cancer, and renal cancer, under the JAVELIN clinical trial program. Extended therapeutic applications widens the potential opportunity for the drugs in the global PD-1 inhibitors and PDL-1 inhibitors market. Ask for Discount before buying @ https://www.coherentmarketinsights.com/insight/request-discount/173 Active research activities to spur the global PD-1 and PDL-1 inhibitors market growth PD-1 and PDL-1 biomarkers are also called immune checkpoints. Trails from Merck & Co. and Bristol-Myers Squibb have shown PD-1 and PDL-1 inhibitors to be effective in patients expressing higher level of PD-1 and PDL-1 biomarkers, restricting the potential market to only these patients. Therefore, all of the big pharma companies in the global market of PD-1 and PDL-1 inhibitors are combining the PD-1 and PDL-1 inhibitors with other targeted cancer drugs to cater to a larger set of population. The global PD-1 and PDL-1 inhibitors market is poised to grow significantly with more product developments in the segment. There are 65 clinical studies in phase 2 and phase 3 phase globally. Commercialization of a novel drug in this segment would be a great booster for the growth for the PD-1 and PDL-1 inhibitors market. To know the latest trends and insights prevalent in the PD-1 and PDL-1 Inhibitors Market, click the link below: https://www.coherentmarketinsights.com/ongoing-insight/pd-1-and-pdl-1-inhibitors-market-173 Regional PD-1 and PDL-1 inhibitors market outlook A major share of the revenue of the global PD-1 and PDL-1 inhibitors market is currently concentrated in North America, Europe, and Japan as these are the three major revenue generating nations with high insurance coverage, high healthcare investment, and are highly developed pharmaceutical markets. The market players would be eyeing other regions for tapping the cancer treatment market opportunities in those regions. Uncertain regulations challenging the sales of patented pharmaceutical products has been a major deterring factor for global pharmaceutical companies to enter into emerging economies. However, novel rugs for cancer type with no treatment available currently would find positive outlook in these regions, though the high pricing would inhibit their sales in emerging economies. Key players operating in the global PD-1 and PDL-1 inhibitors market include Pfizer, Inc., Bristol-Myers Squibb, Merck KGaA, AstraZeneca plc, F. Hoffmann-La Roche AG, Merck & Co. Inc., Regeneron Pharmaceuticals, Inc., Novartis AG, and Ono Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd. About Coherent Market Insights: Coherent Market Insights is a prominent market research and consulting firm offering action-ready syndicated research reports, custom market analysis, consulting services, and competitive analysis through various recommendations related to emerging market trends, technologies, and potential absolute dollar opportunity. Contact Us: Mr. Shah Coherent Market Insights 1001 4th Ave, #3200 Seattle, WA 98154 Tel: +1-206-701-6702 Email: sales@coherentmarketinsights.com CategoriesUncategorized Tagsattack, Companies, Google News, Healthcare, Industry, Investment, Machinery, major, Markets, PD-1 and PDL-1 Inhibitors industry insights, PD-1 and PDL-1 Inhibitors Market, PD-1 and PDL-1 Inhibitors Market outlook, satPRnews, Technology Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Kidney Stones Management Devices Market with Focus on Emerging Technologies, Global Trends, Competitive Landscape, Regional Analysis & Forecasts 2017-2022 Next PostNext Dietary Supplements Market to Value 7.4% CAGR by 2020 Posted on 27 March 2017 by satprnews satprnews PD-1 and PDL-1 Inhibitors Market – Global Industry Insights, Trends, Outlook, and Opportunity Analysis, 2016–2024 PD-1 and PDL-1 Inhibitors Market Targeted cancer therapy is the primary objective of extensive research related to cancer drugs. Our immune cells are programmed to attack the foreign cell on activation. PD-1 and PDL-1 are among those activation points present on the immune cells. Sometimes cancer cells also use this PD-1 and PDL-1 trigger points to avoid being attacked by the immune cells. Therefore, cancer drugs targeting these cells hold tremendous potential in the cancer treatment market. Approved PD-1 and PDL-1 inhibitor drugs have become blockbuster products. The global PD-1 and PDL-1 inhibitors market is segmented based on the drug type and application as follows: Drug Type PD-1 inhibitors Pembrolizumab (Keytruda) Nivolumab (Opdivo) PDL-1 inhibitors Atezolizumab (Tecentriq) Avelumab (Bavencio) Applications Non-small cell lung cancer Kidney cancer Melanoma of the skin Bladder cancer Merkel cell skin cancer Others Request for PDF of Sample Pages @ https://www.coherentmarketinsights.com/insight/request-sample/173 PD-1 inhibitors are effective in treating non-small-cell lung carcinoma (NSCLC), kidney cancer, melanoma of the skin, head and neck cancers, bladder cancer, and Hodgkin lymphoma. Opdivo is leading the race with US$ 3.8 Bn in sales in 2016, compared to US$ 1.4 Bn of Keytruda in 2016. Both these drugs have garnered significant development in past two years with respect to extended therapeutic application and approvals in European countries and Japan. PDL-1 inhibitors are proven to be effective in NSCLC, bladder cancer, and Merkel cell skin cancer. Avelumab received FDA approval in March 2017 for metastatic Merkel cell carcinoma (MCC), a rare skin cancer with no approved therapies. The drug therefore, received approval under the accelerated approval process, requiring the developers, Pfizer, Inc. and Merck KGaA to conduct larger clinical trials to establish complete safety and efficacy of the drug. The drug is also being tested for bladder cancer, NSCLC, gastric cancer, ovarian cancer, and renal cancer, under the JAVELIN clinical trial program. Extended therapeutic applications widens the potential opportunity for the drugs in the global PD-1 inhibitors and PDL-1 inhibitors market. Ask for Discount before buying @ https://www.coherentmarketinsights.com/insight/request-discount/173 Active research activities to spur the global PD-1 and PDL-1 inhibitors market growth PD-1 and PDL-1 biomarkers are also called immune checkpoints. Trails from Merck & Co. and Bristol-Myers Squibb have shown PD-1 and PDL-1 inhibitors to be effective in patients expressing higher level of PD-1 and PDL-1 biomarkers, restricting the potential market to only these patients. Therefore, all of the big pharma companies in the global market of PD-1 and PDL-1 inhibitors are combining the PD-1 and PDL-1 inhibitors with other targeted cancer drugs to cater to a larger set of population. The global PD-1 and PDL-1 inhibitors market is poised to grow significantly with more product developments in the segment. There are 65 clinical studies in phase 2 and phase 3 phase globally. Commercialization of a novel drug in this segment would be a great booster for the growth for the PD-1 and PDL-1 inhibitors market. To know the latest trends and insights prevalent in the PD-1 and PDL-1 Inhibitors Market, click the link below: https://www.coherentmarketinsights.com/ongoing-insight/pd-1-and-pdl-1-inhibitors-market-173 Regional PD-1 and PDL-1 inhibitors market outlook A major share of the revenue of the global PD-1 and PDL-1 inhibitors market is currently concentrated in North America, Europe, and Japan as these are the three major revenue generating nations with high insurance coverage, high healthcare investment, and are highly developed pharmaceutical markets. The market players would be eyeing other regions for tapping the cancer treatment market opportunities in those regions. Uncertain regulations challenging the sales of patented pharmaceutical products has been a major deterring factor for global pharmaceutical companies to enter into emerging economies. However, novel rugs for cancer type with no treatment available currently would find positive outlook in these regions, though the high pricing would inhibit their sales in emerging economies. Key players operating in the global PD-1 and PDL-1 inhibitors market include Pfizer, Inc., Bristol-Myers Squibb, Merck KGaA, AstraZeneca plc, F. Hoffmann-La Roche AG, Merck & Co. Inc., Regeneron Pharmaceuticals, Inc., Novartis AG, and Ono Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd. About Coherent Market Insights: Coherent Market Insights is a prominent market research and consulting firm offering action-ready syndicated research reports, custom market analysis, consulting services, and competitive analysis through various recommendations related to emerging market trends, technologies, and potential absolute dollar opportunity. Contact Us: Mr. Shah Coherent Market Insights 1001 4th Ave, #3200 Seattle, WA 98154 Tel: +1-206-701-6702 Email: sales@coherentmarketinsights.com CategoriesUncategorized Tagsattack, Companies, Google News, Healthcare, Industry, Investment, Machinery, major, Markets, PD-1 and PDL-1 Inhibitors industry insights, PD-1 and PDL-1 Inhibitors Market, PD-1 and PDL-1 Inhibitors Market outlook, satPRnews, Technology Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Kidney Stones Management Devices Market with Focus on Emerging Technologies, Global Trends, Competitive Landscape, Regional Analysis & Forecasts 2017-2022 Next PostNext Dietary Supplements Market to Value 7.4% CAGR by 2020 Search Business Contacts Business Directory Proudly powered by WordPress
Xinhuanet 首页 时政 国际 港澳 台湾 财经 法治 社会 纪检 体育 科技 军事 文娱 图片 视频 论坛 博客 微博 Boao 2017: What a difference an "S" makes Source: Xinhua 2017-03-27 18:53:06 [Editor: huaxia] Xinhua Weibo Facebook Twitter Reddit Diigo Delicious Digg Linkedin MySpace Sina Weibo Kaixin Renren Q-zone Tencent Weibo Sohu Weibo NetEase Weibo By H. L. Bentley BOAO, Hainan, March 27 (Xinhua) -- I came to Boao Forum for Asia 2017 with one main task, to understand what was meant by the theme -- Globalization and free trade: The Asian perspectives. By choosing "perspectives" over "perspective" the organizers were already sending a clear message that there is not just one answer, and so I set out to find out what these answers were. SAME SAME, BUT DIFFERENT It was not long until I found my first example. During the media leaders roundtable, the panel discussed "seeking common ground while preserving differences." On the very first day of the forum, I found myself in a room full of people advocating cooperation over conformity, and it wouldn't be the last. No matter the panel, the sentiment stood. Patrick Low, former WTO economist, told a session on Hong Kong that rather than imposing binding agreements on nations, all partners should be in agreement. The systems that rule countries are as varied as the countries themselves, thus, we should use multilateral institutions for the very reason they were established -- to avoid conflict. Many of the speakers here this weekend, as well as attendees I spoke to, see protectionism as a geopolitical issue. Development and politics were never meant to be happy bedfellows so we need constant reminding of the benefits of a more open world. Trade globalization is here to stay, whether you like it or not. Is it better to flourish internationally or falter in isolation? BETTER TO LIVE TOGETHER THAN DIE ALONE The world is going through a transition characterized by uncertainty about globalization. While some look inward, China continues to look outward, championing the view that "globalization is a positive force for the world and free trade is important," according to Leslie Maasdorp, vice president and CFO of the New Development Bank, who spoke to me after the opening ceremony. Without globalization there would be no free trade and without free trade there would be no innovation. For thousands of years multilateral interactions have meant the exchange of ideas, products and services. Globalization is nothing new, just a new terminology. It is a tried and tested model, and one made all the more powerful by evolution. Evolve or perish, the saying goes, and globalization has stood the test of time. Protectionism, on the other hand, time and time again, has only led to only one thing -- failure. E. Allan Gabor, Merck Biopharma regional president for the Asia Pacific,said, "The world, for me, is actually getting smaller. I represent America and Asia, 14 countries in total, and I see the benefits of free trade among all of those countries, and even beyond. It's connecting all of us." Asia is the growth center of the world. If nations outside the region attempt to reject globalization they will not benefit from the opportunities afforded by growth in Asia. HEALTHY, SMART, SAFE It is important to acknowledge that the benefits of globalization are not yet universal. Who has been left behind and why? Technology is both enabler and disrupter. It is fitting that new advances are referred to as "disruptive technology." While they offer new platforms and environments for interaction, they have resulted in winners and losers. One such example is automation, which, in the manufacturing sector in particular, will lead to job losses. During my discussion with Zhang Yaqin, president of Baidu, he acknowledged that new technology will make some jobs obsolete. He compared the situation with previous industrial revolutions. With every new technological innovation, from weaving looms to artificial intelligence, there is always a reactive period as people adjust to the shock of the new. He suggests that rather than rejecting advances we should look forward to the ways they will change our lives. Anthony Nightingale, Hong Kong representative to the Asia-Pacific Economic Cooperation Business Advisory Council, suggested three ways to cope. One, economies need to be healthy. Two, people must be retrained. Three, there must be a social safety net. In fact, he said, developed nations are in the best position to offer this support, and Asia should look to them for guidance. Asia can only adjust to the changing landscape by continuing structural change and by pursuing innovation across all sectors. The unifying Asian ideal is that we all must believe in the power of openness. All countries should be prepared to offer maximum support with minimum intervention. It is only through this approach that can we ensure a healthy environment for trade growth and innovation. DELETING THE "S" Asian countries will continue to oppose trade barriers. China will continue to defend globalization, and fight for a more open, connected world. It is China that will ensure that no one is left behind. Is this attitude unique to China? It is not. This is the Asian perspective. EDITOR'S NOTE: This article was written to complement a short film on the Boao Forum for Asia 2017. The film is available at https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uCV69lKLzUQ&spfreload=10   [Editor: huaxia] Xinhua Weibo Facebook Twitter Reddit Diigo Delicious Digg Linkedin MySpace Sina Weibo Kaixin Renren Q-zone Tencent Weibo Sohu Weibo NetEase Weibo Copyright © 2000 - 2016 XINHUANET.com All Rights Reserved.   Boao 2017: What a difference an "S" makes                Xinhua Weibo Facebook Twitter Reddit Diigo Delicious Digg Linkedin MySpace Sina Weibo Kaixin Renren Q-zone Tencent Weibo Sohu Weibo NetEase Weibo   Source: Xinhua | 2017-03-27 18:53:06 | Editor: huaxia By H. L. Bentley BOAO, Hainan, March 27 (Xinhua) -- I came to Boao Forum for Asia 2017 with one main task, to understand what was meant by the theme -- Globalization and free trade: The Asian perspectives. By choosing "perspectives" over "perspective" the organizers were already sending a clear message that there is not just one answer, and so I set out to find out what these answers were. SAME SAME, BUT DIFFERENT It was not long until I found my first example. During the media leaders roundtable, the panel discussed "seeking common ground while preserving differences." On the very first day of the forum, I found myself in a room full of people advocating cooperation over conformity, and it wouldn't be the last. No matter the panel, the sentiment stood. Patrick Low, former WTO economist, told a session on Hong Kong that rather than imposing binding agreements on nations, all partners should be in agreement. The systems that rule countries are as varied as the countries themselves, thus, we should use multilateral institutions for the very reason they were established -- to avoid conflict. Many of the speakers here this weekend, as well as attendees I spoke to, see protectionism as a geopolitical issue. Development and politics were never meant to be happy bedfellows so we need constant reminding of the benefits of a more open world. Trade globalization is here to stay, whether you like it or not. Is it better to flourish internationally or falter in isolation? BETTER TO LIVE TOGETHER THAN DIE ALONE The world is going through a transition characterized by uncertainty about globalization. While some look inward, China continues to look outward, championing the view that "globalization is a positive force for the world and free trade is important," according to Leslie Maasdorp, vice president and CFO of the New Development Bank, who spoke to me after the opening ceremony. Without globalization there would be no free trade and without free trade there would be no innovation. For thousands of years multilateral interactions have meant the exchange of ideas, products and services. Globalization is nothing new, just a new terminology. It is a tried and tested model, and one made all the more powerful by evolution. Evolve or perish, the saying goes, and globalization has stood the test of time. Protectionism, on the other hand, time and time again, has only led to only one thing -- failure. E. Allan Gabor, Merck Biopharma regional president for the Asia Pacific,said, "The world, for me, is actually getting smaller. I represent America and Asia, 14 countries in total, and I see the benefits of free trade among all of those countries, and even beyond. It's connecting all of us." Asia is the growth center of the world. If nations outside the region attempt to reject globalization they will not benefit from the opportunities afforded by growth in Asia. HEALTHY, SMART, SAFE It is important to acknowledge that the benefits of globalization are not yet universal. Who has been left behind and why? Technology is both enabler and disrupter. It is fitting that new advances are referred to as "disruptive technology." While they offer new platforms and environments for interaction, they have resulted in winners and losers. One such example is automation, which, in the manufacturing sector in particular, will lead to job losses. During my discussion with Zhang Yaqin, president of Baidu, he acknowledged that new technology will make some jobs obsolete. He compared the situation with previous industrial revolutions. With every new technological innovation, from weaving looms to artificial intelligence, there is always a reactive period as people adjust to the shock of the new. He suggests that rather than rejecting advances we should look forward to the ways they will change our lives. Anthony Nightingale, Hong Kong representative to the Asia-Pacific Economic Cooperation Business Advisory Council, suggested three ways to cope. One, economies need to be healthy. Two, people must be retrained. Three, there must be a social safety net. In fact, he said, developed nations are in the best position to offer this support, and Asia should look to them for guidance. Asia can only adjust to the changing landscape by continuing structural change and by pursuing innovation across all sectors. The unifying Asian ideal is that we all must believe in the power of openness. All countries should be prepared to offer maximum support with minimum intervention. It is only through this approach that can we ensure a healthy environment for trade growth and innovation. DELETING THE "S" Asian countries will continue to oppose trade barriers. China will continue to defend globalization, and fight for a more open, connected world. It is China that will ensure that no one is left behind. Is this attitude unique to China? It is not. This is the Asian perspective. EDITOR'S NOTE: This article was written to complement a short film on the Boao Forum for Asia 2017. The film is available at https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uCV69lKLzUQ&spfreload=10   分享 Xinhua Weibo Facebook Twitter Reddit Diigo Delicious Digg Linkedin MySpace Sina Weibo Kaixin Renren Q-zone Tencent Weibo Sohu Weibo NetEase Weibo • Dialogue with religious leaders held in Boao Forum • Session of "The Character of A City" held in Boao forum • 1st LD-Writethru: Boao forum ends with pro-globalization initiative • Boao forum ends with pro-globalization initiative • Delegates speak at Boao Forum for Asia President Xi holds welcome ceremony for Micronesian counterpart in Beijing Chinese writer gives speech in Milan, Italy Spring scenery of peach flowers near Juyongguan Pass of Great Wall 5.1-magnitude earthquake hits SW China: CENC People enjoy warm spring in Frankfurt 219kg drugs seized during military operation in Afghanistan Singapore's president and French counterpart attend welcome ceremony in Singapore People participate in Pinkathon in Kolkata, India ・China's Huawei trains Indonesian ICT talents through SmartGen program ・China seizes 430.6 kg cocaine in 2016 ・Drug addiction on the rise in China: report ・14 held over fatal south China construction site accident ・Japan's GSDF launches new amphibious training unit in southwest of country ・Chinese shares edge down despite strong industrial profits ・Singapore stocks close 0.51 percent lower ・Israeli forces thwart stabbing attack in West Bank ・Cambodia, China's Shaanxi province sign deal to boost trade, investment ・Russian energy minister estimates additional revenue of 26 bln USD Indonesia Fashion Week 2017 opens in Jakarta Highlights of Miss Universe 2016 Photos of the year: Selected Xinhua domestic pics in 2016 Xinhua selects world news photos of 2016 Highlights of Chinese Air Force in 2016 Eye feast given by nature in 2016 23 panda cubs send New Year greetings Miss Universe red carpet event held in the Philippines Back to Top Close 010020070750000000000000011100001361617701
Contact Us Journalists Blog Log In Sign Up Send a Release News Solutions Resources Search News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News dansk Deutsch español Français italiano Nederlands norsk português suomeksi svenska Bridge Medicines Appoints William J. Polvino, M.D., As Chief Executive Officer News provided by Bridge Medicines Mar 27, 2017, 06:00 ET Share this article NEW YORK, March 27, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- Bridge Medicines, a pioneering drug discovery company focused on advancing promising early technologies from concept to clinic, announced today the appointment of William J. Polvino, M.D., as Chief Executive Officer (CEO). In conjunction, Kathleen Metters, Ph.D., who served as the interim CEO upon the establishment of Bridge Medicines in October 2016, will continue to have an operating role within Bridge Medicines, and will Chair the Scientific Advisory Board. Bridge Medicines, launched by Memorial Sloan Kettering Cancer Center, The Rockefeller University, Weill Cornell Medicine and Takeda Pharmaceutical Company Ltd., in partnership with Deerfield Management and Bay City Capital, is a groundbreaking initiative that extends the work of the independent, non-profit Tri-Institutional Therapeutics Discovery Institute (Tri-I TDI). Tri-I TDI, also a collaborative venture of the three research institutions and Takeda, is working on approximately 50 early-stage drug discovery projects spanning therapeutic areas that include infectious disease, oncology, neuropsychiatry and rare diseases. As CEO of Bridge Medicines, Dr. Polvino will be responsible for building a portfolio of early-stage drug discovery projects and advancing each program from animal proof of principle to clinical trials by providing expert clinical, operational and managerial expertise. William J. Polvino, M.D. Carl S. Goldfischer, managing director of Bay City Capital and executive chairman of Bridge Medicines, remarked, "As an entrepreneur and executive of exceptional skill, Bill is ideally equipped to lead Bridge Medicines as the company embarks on its mission. We look forward to benefiting from Bill's expertise as Bridge Medicines seeks to harness the combined strengths of academic discovery and industrial know-how to change the paradigm of drug development and help to transform New York into one of the world's leading biotechnology hubs." Dr. Polvino commented, "Bridge Medicines is in an honored position to work with some of the world's most renowned scientists and institutions. It is a privilege to take their groundbreaking work forward for the benefit of patients. As CEO, I will work closely with our esteemed partners to ensure the company succeeds in its mission of accelerating the transition of promising projects into the clinic." Dr. Polvino is a pharmaceutical entrepreneur with more than 26 years of experience in the pharmaceutical and healthcare arena. Most recently, Dr. Polvino was president and chief executive officer of Veloxis Pharmaceuticals A/S (NASDAQ: VELO), a public biotechnology company that deploys proprietary formulation technology to develop and commercialize innovative oral drug products. Prior to Veloxis, Dr. Polvino held positions at Helsinn Therapeutics (formerly Sapphire Therapeutics), where he also served as the company's president and CEO. During his tenure at Helsinn, he advanced novel in-licensed, preclinical stage, new chemical entities into late-stage clinical development and registration in the supportive oncology space. Dr. Polvino has also held executive and senior-level positions in drug development at Merck, Wyeth and Theravance. Dr. Polvino earned a medical degree from Rutgers Medical School and a B.S. in Biology from Boston College. He was also a fellow in clinical pharmacology at the National Institutes of Health and trained in internal medicine at Massachusetts General Hospital. About Bridge Medicines Bridge Medicines is a pioneering drug-discovery company focused on advancing promising early technologies in major academic institutions from human proof-of-concept to clinical development. Launched by Memorial Sloan Kettering Cancer Center, The Rockefeller University, Weill Cornell Medicine and Takeda Pharmaceutical Company Ltd., in partnership with Deerfield Management and Bay City Capital, Bridge Medicines is a groundbreaking initiative that provides an unbroken, fully funded and professionally staffed path from discovery to drug candidate. Contacts: Karen Heidelberger Deerfield Management karenh@deerfield.com (212) 692-7140 Carl S. Goldfischer, MD Bay City Capital, LLC carl@baycitycapital.com (415) 835-9385 To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/bridge-medicines-appoints-william-j-polvino-md-as-chief-executive-officer-300428464.html SOURCE Bridge Medicines My News Release contains wide tables. View fullscreen. You just read: Bridge Medicines Appoints William J. Polvino, M.D., As Chief Executive Officer News provided by Bridge Medicines Mar 27, 2017, 06:00 ET Share this article Looking to send a news release with PR Newswire? Take advantage of the world's leading distribution platform. Sign up to get started Request more information Have an account? Log In Phone 8AM - 10PM ET +1-888-776-0942 Send a Release Sign Up Blog For Journalists Contact Us Search Searching for your content... Advanced Search Contact PR Newswire 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Contact Us General Inquiries Request a Demo Editorial Bureaus Partnerships Media Inquiries Worldwide Offices Solutions Cision Communications Cloud™ For Marketers For Public Relations For IR & Compliance For Agency For Small Business All Products About About PR Newswire About Cision Become a Publishing Partner Become a Channel Partner Careers   Global Sites Asia Brazil Canada Europe Finland France India Israel Mexico Middle East Netherlands Sweden United Kingdom My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Terms of Use Privacy Policy Information Security Policy Statement Site Map RSS Feeds Copyright © 2017 PR Newswire Association LLC. All Rights Reserved. A Cision company. News Solutions Resources News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News dansk Deutsch español Français italiano Nederlands norsk português suomeksi svenska Phone +1-888-776-0942 8AM - 10PM ET Chat All contact info Send a ReleaseLog In
Jobs Cars Property Directory Sign In Account Hello Edit Account Sign Out Search Search The Farming Life Search More Close ] Farming News Equestrian Market Reports NI News UFU Watch YFC Farming News Market Reports Ulster Farmers' Union Watch Equestrian Young Farmers' Club NI News Healthy turnout for Parklands Veterinary Group Sheep Conference Sorry, we're having problems with our video player at the moment, but are working to fix it as soon as we can Waiting for Video... 07:18 Monday 27 March 2017 0 Have your say There was a healthy turnout for the 2017 Parklands Veterinary Group Sheep Conference where a wealth of knowledge was gained on health matters and production management. Staged at the Glenavon House Hotel in Cookstown more than 120 farmers attended the conference, which was entitled ‘Ewe’r Health: Ewe’r Wealth’. A section of the crowd at the well-attended Parklands Veterinary Group Sheep Conference held at the Glenavon House Hotel in Cookstown Forming part of Parklands’ farmer learning programme topics covered ranged from infectious diseases to production management, with a special interest in Jaagsiekte and Mastitis. Speakers on the night were Patrick Grant and Rob Lawrence from Parklands Veterinary Group and George Megarry from TGM Software, Hillsborough and the emphasis was very much on diagnosis, treatment and prevention with the importance of keeping and maintaining good flock records. “In farming today training and the gaining of knowledge is more important than ever,” said David Mulligan of Parklands Veterinary Group. “Adding value is key and cost has to be measured with results in terms of enhancing performance.” Making preparations for the raffle of lambing supply packs at the Conference are Parklands Veterinary Group personnel, Karuna Gourley, Megan Dallas and Heather Steele “It’s about identifying potential problems, maximising efficiency and increasing profitability,” added Parklands’ Patrick Grant. “As a practice we are here to help. We endeavour to provide a service that is up-to-date with the current problems our clients face, including our new Jaagsiekte lung scanning service.” A number of companies took stand space at the event and those participating included Ceva, Norbrook, Zoetis, MSD, NETTEX, Provita, HVS Animal Health, Merial, Elanco and the National Sheep Association. A raffle was held with two lambing supply packs up for grabs and these were won by Ian Brown from Magherafelt and Jamese McCloy from Maghera. Discussing flock management software products on the TGM Software stand at the Parklands Sheep Conference are, from left, Mervyn Henry, Lisburn, George Megarry, TGM Software and Gerard Tallon, Ballinderry The sheep conference is one of a number organised by the Parklands team this spring. There was a beef suckler meeting at the start of February and before the end of March an Equine Conference will be held on March, Thursday 23 with a pig conference on March, Wednesday 29 completing the series. “We are very pleased with the support given to the  inaugural sheep conference, both by the trade and farmers, and as a practice we  look forward to further lending our support,” said Patrick Grant. Pictured at the Parklands Veterinary Groups Sheep Conference held at the Glenavon House Hotel in Cookstown are, from left, Kyle Glasgow and Sabrina Glasgow, Pomeroy, Greg Naughton, Parklands Veterinary Group and James Glasgow and Derek Bell from Pomeroy Catching up on sheep matters at the Parklands Sheep Conference are, from left, John McCormick, Draperstown, Bert McLean, Tobermore and Hubert Murray, Draperstown Edward Adamson, left of the National Sheep Association with Abagail Scullion from Desertmartin and Don Holland, Articlave, Coleraine Susan Brimacombe, NETTEX, second left, with Parklands Veterinary Group team members, Megan Dallas, Pat Cambell and Karuna Gourley Trending Licensing issues for teenagers and tractors Point to point racing returns to Portrush Scheme ‘out of reach’ for farmers 20 metal sheep hurdles stolen Farmer fined for causing pollution discharge Sign in {* #userInformationForm *} Sign in socially {* loginWidget *} with your email address {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* traditionalSignIn_password *} {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} Forgot your password? Reset it here. No account yet? Register Now. {* /userInformationForm *} Sign in {* #userInformationForm *} Sign in socially {* loginWidget *} Use another account Welcome back! Email Address {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} Password {* traditionalSignIn_password *} {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} Forgot your password? Reset it here. No account yet? Register Now. {* /userInformationForm *} Sign in {* #userInformationForm *} Sign in socially {* loginWidget *} Use another account with your email address {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* traditionalSignIn_password *} {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} Forgot your password? Reset it here. No account yet? Register Now. {* /userInformationForm *} Registration Please fill in the remaining fields below to complete your registration {* #registrationForm *} {* traditionalRegistration_firstName *} {* traditionalRegistration_lastName *} {* traditionalRegistration_emailAddress *} {* traditionalRegistration_password *} {* traditionalRegistration_passwordConfirm *} {* traditionalRegistration_displayName *} {* traditionalRegistration_jpCommsOptIn *} By registering you are agreeing to the terms and conditions. of the website. {* traditionalRegistration_captcha *} {* createAccountButton *} Back to previous screen {* /registrationForm *} Almost Done! {* #socialRegistrationForm *} {* socialRegistration_firstName *} {* socialRegistration_lastName *} {* socialRegistration_emailAddress *} {* socialRegistration_displayName *} {* socialRegistration_jpCommsOptIn *} Registering with Farming Life means you're ok with our terms and conditions. {* socialRegistration_captcha *} {* createAccountButton *} Back to previous screen {* /socialRegistrationForm *} Almost Done! {* #socialRegistrationForm *} {* socialRegistration_firstName *} {* socialRegistration_lastName *} {* socialRegistration_emailAddress *} {* socialRegistration_displayName *} {* socialRegistration_jpCommsOptIn *} By registering you are agreeing to the Terms and Conditions of the website. {* socialRegistration_captcha *} {* createAccountButton *} ← Back to previous screen {* /socialRegistrationForm *} Thank You For Registering Welcome to Farming Life You're almost there.We've just sent a confirmation email to . Check it out to confirm your registration. We are unable to send your welcome email at this time. Please try again later by clicking the resend welcome email link from your profile page. CHECK OUT MY PROFILE No thanks, take me to the homepage × Forgotten your password? Enter your email and we'll send you a link to reset your password. {* #forgotPasswordForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* /forgotPasswordForm *} Reset Your Password We've sent an email with instructions to create a new password. Your existing password has not been changed. Close Your password has been changed Password has been successfully updated. Sign in Reset your password We didn't recognise that password reset code. Enter your email address to get a new one. {* #resetPasswordForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* forgotPassword_sendButton *} {* /resetPasswordForm *} Reset your password We've sent an email with instructions to create a new password. Your existing password has not been changed. Close Reset your password Enter your new password. {* newPasswordForm *} {* newpassword *} {* newpasswordConfirm *} {* /newPasswordForm *} {* mergeAccounts {"custom": true} *} Is this you? It looks like you're already registered {| foundExistingAccountText |}. Either connect these accounts, or create new one using a different email address. {| moreInfoText |} {| moreInfoHoverText |} {| existing_provider |} {| existing_displayName |} {| current_emailAddress |} {| rendered_existing_provider_photo |} Created at {| existing_createdDate |} {| connectLegacyRadioText |} {| createRadioText |} {| current_provider |} Validating {| connect_button |} {| create_button |} Back to previous screen Sign In To Complete Account Merge It looks like you're already registered Email is already registered with OtherSite. You'll be able to use the same account on current Site. Alternatively, you can create a new account with another email address. {* #tradAuthenticateMergeForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* mergePassword *} {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} Create new account {* /tradAuthenticateMergeForm *} Newsletter Preferences Congratulations, you're now registered! Let us know what news and updates you want to hear about and we'll send them straight to your inbox. No thanks, take me straight to the site. Daily Newsletter Additional Newsletter Where do you live? Enter your postcode so we can keep you up-to-date with the latest local news and exciting deals. Please provide a valid UK postcode Done Already Registered It looks like you're already registered. is already registered with . You will be able to use the same account on . Alternatively, you can create a new account with another email address. Validating Email address is required. Validating GET INTO WOW NOW Create a new account × × Thank you for registering We have sent a confirmation email to . Please check your email and click on the link to activate your account. We are unable to process your request at this time. Please try again later. Close Welcome to Farming Life Congratulations, you've just sealed the deal! Sign in to your profile now to get started. That's it, you're all done! Close this window to start browsing the site now or click here to go to your profile Unfortunately that verification link has expired. To get a new one, just sign in to your profile now and resend the verification email. Unfortunately that verification link has expired. To get a new one, just resend the verification email by going to your profile page. Take me to my profile Sign in × Error × Profile Photo × Remove Linked Account? Are you sure you want to remove this linked account? Yes Cancel Join Us On Explore Farming News Market Reports Ulster Farmers' Union Watch Equestrian Young Farmers' Club More from the Farming Life Buy a Photo Directory Jobs Property Cars Dating Local Guide Useful Links Contact Us Advertise My Business Advertise a Job © 2017 Johnston Publishing Ltd. All rights reserved. Terms and Conditions Disclaimer Cookies Policy
News Specialties CME / CE Collections Medical News Latest Medical News Health Policy Practice Management Public Health Washington Watch Meeting Coverage Blogs & Columns Specialties Allergy & Immunology Anesthesiology Cardiology Critical Care Dermatology Emergency Medicine Endocrinology Gastroenterology Genetics Geriatrics HIV / AIDS Hospital-Based Medicine Infectious Disease Nephrology Neurology Nursing OB / GYN Oncology / Hematology Ophthalmology Orthopedics Pain Management Pathology Pediatrics Primary Care Psychiatry Pulmonology Radiology Rheumatology Surgery Transplantation Urology Continuing Medical Education CME / CE Clinical Context State Required CME Graduate Medical Education CME Tracker Mastery Of Medicine Collections AGA Reading Room ASCO Reading Room Endocrine Society Reading Room Surveys Quizzes Special Reports Sign Up Log In Sign Up Log In Search cme/ce Vitamin D and Cancer: Still No Clear Answers Pelzman's Picks: Safe to Exercise While Pregnant? Blood Biomarker for Neurodegeneration: Closer But Not There Yet Time to Redefine Obesity? Dupixent: Injection for Eczema Wins FDA Nod LATEST MEDICAL NEWS Mastery of Medicine cme/ce Pooled Trial Data: Oral Drug Highly Effective in Relapsing-Remitting MS No evidence of disease activity based on analysis of two studies MedpageToday savesaved register today Earn Free CME Credits by reading the latest medical news in your specialty.sign up by Kate Kneisel Contributing Writer, MedPage Today March 27, 2017 Action Points Delayed-release dimethyl fumarate (Tecfidera) was associated with significant reductions in disability progression, relapse risk, and neuroradiological disease activity over 2 years in relapsing-remitting multiple sclerosis (RRMS), according to a placebo-controlled study. Be aware of study limitations including the post hoc nature of the analyses, the relatively short 2-year follow-up time, and that less than half the patients underwent MRI examination. Patients with relapsing-remitting multiple sclerosis (RRMS) who were treated with delayed-release dimethyl fumarate (Tecfidera) saw significant reductions in disability progression, relapse risk, and neuroradiological disease activity over 2 years, according to a placebo-controlled study. The results of this post hoc analysis of integrated data from the phase III DEFINE/CONFIRM studies suggested that dimethyl fumarate (DMF) was associated with no evidence of disease activity (NEDA) in significantly higher proportions of RRMS patients, with benefits in clinical, neuroradiological, and overall disease activity, reported Macaulay Okwuokenye of Biogen in Cambridge, Mass., and colleagues. Over 2 years, risk of relapse and confirmed disability progression at 12-weeks were reduced by 39% relative to placebo in the intention to treat cohort, and new/newly enlarging T2 hyperintense lesions/ gadolinium-enhancing lesions were reduced by 40% relative to placebo in the MRI cohort over 2 years (P<0.0001 for both comparisons), they wrote in the European Journal of Neurology. The percentage of patients achieving overall NEDA (MRI cohort) was also higher with dimethyl fumarate, at 26% versus 12% for placebo over 2 years, a relative risk reduction of 42.7% (HR 0.57, 95% CI, 0.48-0.69, P<0.0001), they noted. NEDA as currently defined combines three related measures of disease activity: No relapses No confirmed disability progression sustained for 12 weeks as measured on the Expanded Disability Status Scale (EDSS) No MRI disease activity (i.e. no new gadolinium-enhancing lesions and no new/newly enlarging T2 hyperintense lesions) Patients' mean age in the studies was about 38 (70% female). Mean disease duration was 7-8.5 years, with a mean of 1.3 relapses in the year before study enrollment, and a mean EDSS score of 2.5. Patients included had been randomized to dimethyl fumarate 240 mg twice daily, placebo or glatiramer acetate (CONFIRM only) for ≤2 years. Both the baseline characteristics and the treatment effect were comparable across the studies. This integrated analysis provided an increased sample size -- 1,540 patients in the ITT population and 692 in the MRI cohort -- and robust data, as well as reduced variability in estimating the dimethyl fumarate treatment effect compared with the individual studies, the researchers noted. Elisabeth Lucassen MD, of Penn State Hershey Neurology in Hershey, commented on the benefit of integrating similar patient populations. "Whenever you can increase sample size you can be more confident in the results of a study," she told MedPage Today in an email. "I was surprised at how well the placebo group did in terms of total NEDA (12%), which makes the DMF group seem more modest at 26%." "I also would have expected total NEDA to be much lower than either clinical or radiological NEDA alone, but the relative reductions were all pretty similar," added Lucassen, who was not involved in the study. The findings were consistent with individual results from DEFINE/CONFIRM, which showed a significantly higher percentage of patients receiving dimethyl fumarate with clinical, neuroradiological, and overall NEDA compared with placebo during a 2-year period, researchers wrote. Sustained effects of dimethyl fumarate were reported in ENDORSE, a long-term extension of these studies. Study limitations included the post hoc nature of the analyses, the relatively short 2-year follow-up time, and that less than half the patients underwent MRI examination. Okwuokenye's group acknowledged a criticism of the current definition of NEDA as overly focused on clinical activity and MRI parameters, rather than on disease progression or worsening. However, analysis of the CLIMB study, a longitudinal MS cohort of 219 patients with RRMS assessed independently of disease modifying therapy, suggested that NEDA status at 2 years had a positive predictive value of 78.3% at 7 years, they wrote. "With ongoing advances in clinical practice, it is likely that the definition of NEDA will continue to evolve," they noted. "I think clinically we all strive to have our patients attain NEDA, even if it may be an imperfect measure or not always entirely possible," Lucassen pointed out. "Studies like this are important as they can help physicians better understand the efficacy of the different agents available out there to treat MS." The study was funded by Biogen. Okwuokenye and a co-author are company employees. Co-authors disclosed multiple relevant relationships with industry including Actelion, Bayer HealthCare, Biogen, Genzyme, GlaxoSmithKline, Merck Serono, Novartis, Receptos, Sanoﬁ-Aventis, Teva, Biogen, AbbVie Biotherapeutics, Canbex, FivePrime, Protein Discovery Laboratories, Roche, Synthon, Teva Neuroscience, UCB,Vertex, Ironwood, Merz, and Elsevier. Reviewed by Henry A. Solomon, MD, FACP, FACC Clinical Associate Professor, Weill Cornell Medical College and Dorothy Caputo, MA, BSN, RN, Nurse Planner 2017-03-27T13:00:00-0400 Primary Source European Journal of Neurology Source Reference: Okwuokenye M, et al. "Effect of delayed-release dimethyl fumarate on no evidence of disease activity in relapsing-remitting multiple sclerosis: integrated analysis of the phase III DEFINE and CONFIRM studies" European Journal of Neurology 2017; DOI: 10.1111/ene.13272. take posttest 0 comments More in Mastery of Medicine Pooled Trial Data: Oral Drug Highly Effective in Relapsing-Remitting MS Analysis Affirms Frontline Carfilzomib in Myeloma Trigeminal Neuralgia Often Precedes MS EULAR Releases New RA Tx Recommendations About Help Center Site Map Terms of Use Privacy Policy Advertise with us Your Ad Choices The material on this site is for informational purposes only, and is not a substitute for medical advice, diagnosis or treatment provided by a qualified health care provider. © 2017 MedPage Today, LLC. All rights reserved.
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 27 March 2017 by satprnews satprnews Sterility Testing Market – Global Industry Insights, Trends, Outlook, and Opportunity Analysis, 2016-2024 Sterility Testing Market Sterility testing in pharmaceutical manufacturing is a vital process during the sterilization and validation process along with release testing. It is an essential part of every sterilization validation process in several industries that makes it a vital procedure in manufacturing industry. It is an extremely difficult process that should be planned and executed with precision, which can be helpful in eliminating false positive results. Laboratory contamination or technician errors are the main causes of false positive results. Planned testing should be carried out in a clean room, where there is no or minimum chances of error are seen. This would also ensure compliance with U.S. Pharmacopeia (USP) requirements in terms of viable microbial air and surface counts. The unique requirements to employ sterility testing procedures as an official test and to determine the suitability are regulated under the good manufacturing practices guidelines. Request for PDF of Sample Pages @ https://www.coherentmarketinsights.com/insight/request-sample/174 An understanding of sterility testing benefits in validation process, designing is an important quality assurance issue is the need of providing an appropriate and authentic sterility test data. Furthermore, sterility testing is a tedious and artful process, which requires to be carried out by trained professionals. Also, investigation during the failure of sterility test, is a process that needs close look in environmental data along with other factors such as sample collection and sample procurement procedures. The rise in demand for sterilized products and their exclusivity in various industries is expected to fuel growth of the sterility testing market in the near future. The growth media utilized during the sterility testing must be properly prepared and tested to make the microbial growth adequately efficient. Increasing advancements in terms of sterility testing technologies is expected to support the sterility testing market growth over the forecast period (2016-2024). Various organizations are laying efforts in making the testing process more time efficient. For instance, Milliflex Rapid System, launched in 2010, for making the sterility testing procedure more time efficient without hindering the test result quality. The following decade is expected to provide major growth traction to players involved in the sterility testing market. Ask for Discount before buying @ https://www.coherentmarketinsights.com/insight/request-discount/174 Sterility Testing Market Taxonomy: By Product Type Kits and Reagents Instruments Service By Test Type Membrane Filtration Direct Inoculation Container closure integrity testing Antimicrobial effectiveness testing Rapid micro test ATP bioluminescence Fluorescent labeling Electrical resistance By Application Pharmaceutical and Biological Manufacturing Medical Devices Manufacturing Bioburden Test Others Applications To know the latest trends and insights prevalent in the Sterility Testing Market, click the link below: https://www.coherentmarketinsights.com/ongoing-insight/sterility-testing-market-174 Novel Technology in the pharmaceutical testing market is expected to favor the growth in sterility testing market: Conventionally used microbiological testing methods for detection, enumeration, sterilization and identification tend to use culture methods majorly and were so often time consuming and labor-intensive. The drawback of such procedures in practical considerations often limits the extent to which microbiological tests applied regularly in both formulation development stage and for microbiological quality assurance. Furthermore, there are various well latest and upcoming methods such as MF sterility test apparatus from Merk Millipore, which is aseptically filter liquid samples for sterility testing apparatus used in sterility testing and may find wide application in the pharmaceutical sector. This is expected to be one of the important factors supporting growth of the sterility testing market. Rapid testing methods such as ATP bioluminescence, fluorescent labeling, nucleic acid probes and electrical resistance are commonly used in pharmaceutical testing. Obtaining perfect results by incorporating single method for all requirements is challenging, as products vary in their specifications, which is need to be adapted by the specific demands of the pharmaceutical and medical device situation. However, it is satisfactory to have the developments in ATP bioluminescence offering with increased sensitivity under adenylate kinase amplification potential specificity, phage lysis and internal calibration against the effects of excipients, laser scanning cytometry can be benefited through more specificity in proposed development using fluorescently labeled antibodies. Major players in the sterility testing market are engaged in research and development process. For instance, bioMérieux SA – a biopharmaceutical company engaged in world class products for in-vitro testing – launched The BacT/ALERT 3D Dual-T apparatus for rapid and easy product control with non-destructive, dual-temperature microbial detection system. Presence of major players in parenteral product manufacturing is projected to favor growth of the sterility testing market The global sterility testing market is highly competitive and fragmented. Major players in the market are developing novel products through major spending on research and development to get a competitive edge over their counterparts. For instance, due to the strong product pipeline under market segment, Merck Millipore and bioMérieux are considered to be the toughest competitor in the market. Key players operating in the sterility testing market include Merck Millipore, Thermo Fisher Scientific, Inc., bioMérieux SA, SGS S.A., Sartorius AG, WuXi AppTec, and Charles River Laboratories International, Inc. About Coherent Market Insights: Coherent Market Insights is a prominent market research and consulting firm offering action-ready syndicated research reports, custom market analysis, consulting services, and competitive analysis through various recommendations related to emerging market trends, technologies, and potential absolute dollar opportunity. Contact Us: Mr. Shah Coherent Market Insights 1001 4th Ave, #3200 Seattle, WA 98154 Tel: +1-206-701-6702 Email: sales@coherentmarketinsights.com CategoriesUncategorized Tagsb2b, Companies, company, Culture, Google News, Healthcare, Industry, Machinery, major, Markets, satPRnews, service, Sterility Testing industry Insights, Sterility Testing Market, Sterility Testing Market outlook, Sterility Testing Market trends, Technology, World Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Asia-Pacific Demineralized Bone Matrix Market Research Findings, Market Growth Factors Analysis and Forecasts (2017-2022) Next PostNext Military Exoskeleton Market 2017-2021: Key market highlights, Trends, Emerging Growth Factors, , Manufacturing Cost Structure Search Business Contacts Business Directory Proudly powered by WordPress
Home Markets Companies Opinion Politics Technology Specials PF Portfolio My Page GST Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Editorial Comment Columnists Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll North East West South Election News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Editorial Comment Columnists Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page GST Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Editorial Comment Columnists Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page GST Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Editorial Comment Columnists Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page GST BS APPS iPad iPhone Android Wap BS PRODUCTS Smart Investor BS Hindi BS Motoring BS Books Today's Paper BS SPECIALS B2B Connect Power & Energy SME BS E-Paper Hi, Change Password Subscribe Sign out Change Password Manage My Account Sign out SIGN IN Subscribe               TRENDING ON BS #TelecomWars #Demonetisation #ElectionResults2017 #GST #AssemblyElections2017 News Stock Quote Authors  News    Stock Quote    Authors You are here: Home » Reuters » News Rupee hits near 1-1/2 year high; bonds rally, shares fall European shares led lower by weaker miners after Trump setback Business Standard Chinese drug approval boosts AstraZeneca's lung cancer hopes Reuters  |  LONDON  March 27, 2017 Last Updated at 12:56 IST email this article Message: Recipients' Email: Type address separated by commas Your Email: Enter the characters shown in the image. Send me a copy:   http://mybs.in/2UUI3Pp ALSO READ INSIGHT: Beijing buyers club? China's cancer patients gamble on grey market Do not spread 'straight-man cancer', China feminist warns Trump China tests controversial gene-editing tactic to fight cancer 'India, China have highest breast, cervical cancer patients' Diabetes drug may help treat breast cancer:Chinese researchers By Ben Hirschler LONDON (Reuters) - AstraZeneca has won approval for its lung cancer pill Tagrisso in China, a key market for the potential blockbuster medicine. Tagrisso is designed to help cancer patients with certain genetic mutations that are very common in China and the regulatory green light boosts the British drugmaker's prospects in a key therapy area. Lung cancer is a vital component of AstraZeneca's ambitious sales targets, set in 2014 in response to a takeover attempt by Pfizer, with Tagrisso forecast to contribute $3 billion. At the time, many analysts viewed the Tagrisso goal as unrealistic. Yet consensus forecasts have now risen to $2.8 billion for 2022, according to Thomson Reuters data, helped by its strong launch and the failure of some rival products. Tagrisso sales last year totalled $423 million. China is potentially the biggest market for the drug because 30 to 40 percent of Asian patients with non-small cell lung cancer have epidermal growth factor receptor mutated tumours that are receptive to Tagrisso, a far higher rate than in the West. AstraZeneca's head of drug development, Sean Bohen, said in a statement on Monday announcing the drug's approval that China represented a "significant opportunity". Tagrisso is the first drug approved under the China Food and Drug Administration's priority review pathway, which offers a fast track to market for an innovative medicines. The once-daily pill is currently used as a second-line therapy, after patients have tried older drugs like Roche's Tarceva and AstraZeneca's own Iressa, although a clinical trial this year could prove its benefit in first-line use. Beyond Tagrisso, investors are heavily focused on prospects for another clinical study testing a combination of two drugs in the hot area of immunotherapy, where AstraZeneca is chasing rivals such as Merck , Bristol-Myers Squibb and Roche. (Reporting by Ben Hirschler; editing by Susan Thomas) (This story has not been edited by Business Standard staff and is auto-generated from a syndicated feed.) Read More On Astrazeneca | Cancer | China | London | Reuters | News PREVIOUS STORY NEXT STORY RECOMMENDED FOR YOU Advertisements The 'One' Sedan the World's Elite Prefer to Drive Banking conveinience on the go, anytime...anywhere Cover from Natural Calamities. Buy Home Insurance Register for LSE India Summit 2017 on 29-30 March Lavish 3 & 4 BHK in Khar, Mumbai @ 6.9 Cr* Onwards Start Free* Trading in Share Market for 1st Month Open a demat account with Sharekhan & learn online trading. Luxury 3 & 4 BHK in BKC, Mumbai @ 6.4 Cr* Onwards Cover from Earthquake & Floods. Buy Home Insurance 0* Brokerage for 1st Mnth Trading &100% Free* Demat A/c New to investing in shares? Main Jahan, Mera Bank Wahan New to the Stock Market? Take your FirstStep Chinese drug approval boosts AstraZeneca's lung cancer hopes LONDON (Reuters) - AstraZeneca has won approval for its lung cancer pill Tagrisso in China, a key market for the potential blockbuster medicine. By Ben Hirschler LONDON (Reuters) - AstraZeneca has won approval for its lung cancer pill Tagrisso in China, a key market for the potential blockbuster medicine. Tagrisso is designed to help cancer patients with certain genetic mutations that are very common in China and the regulatory green light boosts the British drugmaker's prospects in a key therapy area. Lung cancer is a vital component of AstraZeneca's ambitious sales targets, set in 2014 in response to a takeover attempt by Pfizer, with Tagrisso forecast to contribute $3 billion. At the time, many analysts viewed the Tagrisso goal as unrealistic. Yet consensus forecasts have now risen to $2.8 billion for 2022, according to Thomson Reuters data, helped by its strong launch and the failure of some rival products. Tagrisso sales last year totalled $423 million. China is potentially the biggest market for the drug because 30 to 40 percent of Asian patients with non-small cell lung cancer have epidermal growth factor receptor mutated tumours that are receptive to Tagrisso, a far higher rate than in the West. AstraZeneca's head of drug development, Sean Bohen, said in a statement on Monday announcing the drug's approval that China represented a "significant opportunity". Tagrisso is the first drug approved under the China Food and Drug Administration's priority review pathway, which offers a fast track to market for an innovative medicines. The once-daily pill is currently used as a second-line therapy, after patients have tried older drugs like Roche's Tarceva and AstraZeneca's own Iressa, although a clinical trial this year could prove its benefit in first-line use. Beyond Tagrisso, investors are heavily focused on prospects for another clinical study testing a combination of two drugs in the hot area of immunotherapy, where AstraZeneca is chasing rivals such as Merck , Bristol-Myers Squibb and Roche. (Reporting by Ben Hirschler; editing by Susan Thomas) (This story has not been edited by Business Standard staff and is auto-generated from a syndicated feed.) Reuters Business Standard http://bsmedia.business-standard.com/_media/bs/wap/images/bs_logo_amp.png 177 22 Chinese drug approval boosts AstraZeneca's lung cancer hopes By Ben Hirschler LONDON (Reuters) - AstraZeneca has won approval for its lung cancer pill Tagrisso in China, a key market for the potential blockbuster medicine. Tagrisso is designed to help cancer patients with certain genetic mutations that are very common in China and the regulatory green light boosts the British drugmaker's prospects in a key therapy area. Lung cancer is a vital component of AstraZeneca's ambitious sales targets, set in 2014 in response to a takeover attempt by Pfizer, with Tagrisso forecast to contribute $3 billion. At the time, many analysts viewed the Tagrisso goal as unrealistic. Yet consensus forecasts have now risen to $2.8 billion for 2022, according to Thomson Reuters data, helped by its strong launch and the failure of some rival products. Tagrisso sales last year totalled $423 million. China is potentially the biggest market for the drug because 30 to 40 percent of Asian patients with non-small cell lung cancer have epidermal growth factor receptor mutated tumours that are receptive to Tagrisso, a far higher rate than in the West. AstraZeneca's head of drug development, Sean Bohen, said in a statement on Monday announcing the drug's approval that China represented a "significant opportunity". Tagrisso is the first drug approved under the China Food and Drug Administration's priority review pathway, which offers a fast track to market for an innovative medicines. The once-daily pill is currently used as a second-line therapy, after patients have tried older drugs like Roche's Tarceva and AstraZeneca's own Iressa, although a clinical trial this year could prove its benefit in first-line use. Beyond Tagrisso, investors are heavily focused on prospects for another clinical study testing a combination of two drugs in the hot area of immunotherapy, where AstraZeneca is chasing rivals such as Merck , Bristol-Myers Squibb and Roche. (Reporting by Ben Hirschler; editing by Susan Thomas) (This story has not been edited by Business Standard staff and is auto-generated from a syndicated feed.) Reuters Business Standard http://bsmedia.business-standard.com/_media/bs/wap/images/bs_logo_amp.png 177 22 MORE ON MARKETS: Quick Links Stock Market Live Portfolio Commodity Market Upcoming IPO Personal Finance Stock Market News Derivatives Mutual Funds Gold Price Sensex Browse STOCK Companies A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 Browse Mutual Funds A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z Index Stocks ACC Adani Ports Ambuja Cem. Asian Paints Aurobindo Pharma Axis Bank B H E L B P C L Bajaj Auto Bank of Baroda Bharti Airtel Bharti Infra. Bosch Cipla Coal India Dr Reddy's Labs Eicher Motors GAIL (India) Grasim Inds H D F C HCL Technologies HDFC Bank Hero Motocorp Hind. Unilever Hindalco Inds. ICICI Bank Idea Cellular IndusInd Bank Infosys ITC Kotak Mah. Bank Larsen & Toubro Lupin M & M Maruri Suzuki NTPC O N G C Power Grid Corpn Reliance Inds. St Bk of India Sun Pharma. Inds. Tata Motors Tata Motors-DVR Tata Power Co. Tata Steel TCS Tech Mahindra UltraTech Cement Ltd Wipro Yes Bank Zee Entertainment Copyrights © 2017 Business Standard Private Ltd. All rights reserved. From BS Website Home Companies Markets Opinion Politics Technology Specials Personal Finance Budget Latest News Today's Paper RBI Policy General News General Videos General Photo Gallery Events Authors About us About Us Code of Conduct Terms & Conditions Cookie Policy Disclaimer Investor Communication Support & Contact Partner with Us Careers Advertise with Us Contact Us Feedback Browser Support Sitemap Subscribe E-Paper BS Magazines Portfolio Tracker BS Products Smart Investor BS Hindi BS Motoring BS Books B2B Connect iPhone iPad android wap BS Fund Cafe 2016 Budget Insight Out Budget 2017 Budget 2017 Budget News Budget Connect with BS Facebook Google+ Linkedin Twitter Youtube RSS Upgrade To Premium Services Welcome User Business Standard is happy to inform you of the launch of "Business Standard Premium Services" As a premium subscriber you get an across device unfettered access to a range of services which include: Access Exclusive content - articles, features & opinion pieces Weekly Industry/Genre specific newsletters - Choose multiple industries/genres Access to 17 plus years of content archives Set Stock price alerts for your portfolio and watch list and get them delivered to your e-mail box End of day news alerts on 5 companies (via email) NEW: Get seamless access to WSJ.com at a great price. No additional sign-up required.   Premium Services In Partnership with   Dear Guest,   Welcome to the premium services of Business Standard brought to you courtesy FIS. Kindly visit the Manage my subscription page to discover the benefits of this programme. Enjoy Reading! Team Business Standard  
Hot Topics: ETFs | Smart Portfolio | Currencies | Online Broker Center   Our Businesses Tech Differentiate With Technology Trade Trade Multiple Asset Classes Track Track the Markets Intel Leverage Actionable Intelligence List Access Capital Listing Center Discover Discover Nasdaq Nasdaq Blog 2016 CNBC Disruptor 50 Learn more about the CNBC Disruptor 50 Quotes Quotes Quotes & Research Flash Quotes InfoQuotes Summary Quotes Real-time Quotes Extended Trading Options Trading Center Historical Quotes Charts Basic Charts Interactive Charts Companies Company News Press Releases Market Stream Company List Nasdaq Companies Stock Analysis Analyst Research Guru Analysis Stock Reports Competitors Fundamentals Financials Revenue/EPS SEC Filings Short Interest Dividend History Holdings Ownership Summary Institutional Holdings Insiders Form 4 Markets Extended Hours Pre-Market Activity After Hours Activity Stocks Most Active Unusual Volume 52 Week High/Low Upcoming Splits New SEC Filings IPO Summary Earnings Calendar Dividend Stocks Sector Analysis Commodities Gold Oil Analyst Activity Upgrades/Downgrades Forecast Changes Earning Surprises Indices Major Stock Indices Market Sector Indices Statistical Milestones Global Markets News Company News Market Headlines Market Stream Economic Calendar Business Video Technology News Featured Article How To Make Investing Decisions Based On Politics: Don't. Filter out the noise and focus on the long term Investing How to Invest Investing Basics Broker Comparison Glossary Stocks Mutual Funds Investing Tools Stock Screener Guru Screener   Financial Advisor Center Advanced Investing ETFs Forex Forex Broker Comparison Wealth Management Options Bonds Personal Finance Retirement Real Estate Banking Insurance Saving Money Taxes Investments Small Business Featured Article 20 Hidden Sources of Income Lying Around Your House Need extra cash? You probably already have some My Nasdaq Stock Ratings My Ratings Smart Portfolio Overview My Holdings My Portfolio Analysis Crowd Insights My Performance Customize Your Experience Join the NASDAQ Community today and get free, instant access to portfolios, stock ratings, real-time alerts, and more! Join Today Already a member? Login Search Chinese drug approval boosts AstraZeneca's lung cancer hopes March 27, 2017, 03:20:00 AM EDT By Reuters Reuters UPDATE 1-Chinese drug approval boosts AstraZeneca's lung cancer hopes 
* Tagrisso approved for patients with mutated form of cancer
    * Mutation very common China, opening big sales opportunity
    * First drug approved under Chinese priority review pathway

 (Adds further details on drug, executive comment)
    By Ben HirschlerLONDON, March 27 (Reuters) - AstraZeneca <AZN.L> has won
approval for its lung cancer pill Tagrisso in China, a key
market for the potential blockbuster medicine.
    Tagrisso is designed to help cancer patients with certain
genetic mutations that are very common in China and the
regulatory green light boosts the British drugmaker's prospects
in a key therapy area.
    Lung cancer is a vital component of AstraZeneca's ambitious
sales targets, set in 2014 in response to a takeover attempt by
Pfizer <PFE.N>, with Tagrisso forecast to contribute $3 billion.
    At the time, many analysts viewed the Tagrisso goal as
unrealistic. Yet consensus forecasts have now risen to $2.8
billion for 2022, according to Thomson Reuters data, helped by
its strong launch and the failure of some rival products.
    Tagrisso sales last year totalled $423 million.
    China is potentially the biggest market for the drug because
30 to 40 percent of Asian patients with non-small cell lung
cancer have epidermal growth factor receptor mutated tumours
that are receptive to Tagrisso, a far higher rate than in the
West.
    AstraZeneca's head of drug development, Sean Bohen, said in
a statement on Monday announcing the drug's approval that China
represented a "significant opportunity".
    Tagrisso is the first drug approved under the China Food and
Drug Administration's priority review pathway, which offers a
fast track to market for an innovative medicines.
    The once-daily pill is currently used as a second-line
therapy, after patients have tried older drugs like Roche's
<ROG.S> Tarceva and AstraZeneca's own Iressa, although a
clinical trial this year could prove its benefit in first-line
use.
    Beyond Tagrisso, investors are heavily focused on prospects
for another clinical study testing a combination of two drugs in
the hot area of immunotherapy, where AstraZeneca is chasing
rivals such as Merck <MRK.N>, Bristol-Myers Squibb <BMY.N> and
Roche. [nL5N1FN1GV]

 (Reporting by Ben Hirschler; editing by Susan Thomas)
 ((ben.hirschler@thomsonreuters.com; +44 20 7542 5082; Reuters
Messaging: ben.hirschler.thomsonreuters.com@reuters.net))

Keywords: ASTRAZENECA CANCER/CHINA (UPDATE 1)
 This article appears in: Politics , World Markets , Stocks , Economy Referenced Symbols: AZN , BMY , MRK , PFE , ROG More from Reuters Subscribe AstraZeneca Reports New Results Data On SYNAGIS AstraZeneca Says FDA Accepts NDA For LYNPARZA Tablets FDA Nod For TSRO, DÃ©jÃ  Vu For ARQL, FOMX Plunges On Trial Data, SELB Abuzz Related stocks Articles Subscribe Why Are Shale Drillers Spending $25 Billion at the Mere Hint of an Oil-Price Increase? 3/28/2017 02:15 PM ETF Risks: Truth Or Fiction? 3/28/2017 02:08 PM Battle in the Boardroom: What's Next for Immunomedics 3/28/2017 02:06 PM See headlines for AZN Follow on: Featured Brokers Compare Online Brokers Most Popular Highest Rated Nigeria sets new naira rate in attempt to lure consumers away from American Airlines In Talks To Acquire Stake In China Southern Airlines GameStop Corp. (GME) Is Sinking After Q4 Sales Disappoint Wall Street Enthusiastic Ahead Of Yellen's Keynote Speech Mad Catz® Announces Suspension of Trading and Commencement of NYSE RPT-YouTube's bid to grab TV dollars imperiled by advertiser revolt Double Crown Resource Enters Collaboration with Amity University of... WENDEL : BASF LEATHER CHEMICALS BUSINESS TO BECOME PART OF THE STAHL... Post Earnings Coverage as Finisar's Quarterly Revenue Grew 23%,... Utah State Evaluation Report Validates Literacy Gains For Students... View All Highest Rated Stocks Referenced AZN 60% Rate It BMY 86% Rate It MRK 84% Rate It PFE 92% Rate It ROG 100% Rate It NASDAQ.com Company News/ Annual Report/ Contact/ Careers/ Advertise on Nasdaq.com|  Mobile Version Terms of Use/ Privacy Policy/ Sitemap/ Glossary/ General Feedback/ CLOSEX Edit Favorites Enter up to 25 symbols separated by commas or spaces in the text box below. These symbols will be available during your session for use on applicable pages. Update Clear List CLOSEX Customize your NASDAQ.com experience Background Color Selector Select the background color of your choice:  Black  Slate Gray  Light Gray  Gray Blue Quote Search Select a default target page for your quote search:  Real-Time  After Hours  Pre-Market  News  Flash Quote  Summary Quote  Interactive Charts  Default Setting Please note that once you make your selection, it will apply to all future visits to NASDAQ.com. If, at any time, you are interested in reverting to our default settings, please select Default Setting above. If you have any questions or encounter any issues in changing your default settings, please email isfeedback@nasdaq.com. CLOSEX Please confirm your selection: You have selected to change your default setting for the Quote Search. This will now be your default target page; unless you change your configuration again, or you delete your cookies. Are you sure you want to change your settings? YES NO CLOSEX Please disable your ad blocker (or update your settings to ensure that javascript and cookies are enabled), so that we can continue to provide you with the first-rate market news and data you've come to expect from us. CLOSEX
