Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy   Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Merck & Company Inc. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Merck & Company Inc. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News El Paso Electric Company (EE) to Issue Quarterly Dividend of $0.31 Eagle Bancorp Montana, Inc. (EBMT) Plans Quarterly Dividend of $0.08 Hilltop Holdings Inc. Declares Quarterly Dividend of $0.06 (HTH) Chevron Corporation (CVX) Shares Gap Down After Earnings Miss Gentex Corporation (GNTX) Shares Gap Down Following Weak Earnings NewLink Genetics Corporation (NLNK) Shares Bought by Zurcher Kantonalbank Zurich Cantonalbank OSI Systems, Inc. (OSIS) Trading Up 5.1% Following Better-Than-Expected Earnings JetBlue Airways Corporation (JBLU) Trading Down 6.9% After Analyst Downgrade Zurcher Kantonalbank Zurich Cantonalbank Sells 12,460 Shares of Eastman Chemical Company (EMN) Zurcher Kantonalbank Zurich Cantonalbank Raises Stake in Ball Corporation (BLL) Zurcher Kantonalbank Zurich Cantonalbank Boosts Position in Mosaic Company (The) (MOS) Perrigo Company (PRGO) Shares Sold by Adage Capital Partners GP L.L.C. Zacks Investment Research Downgrades First Commonwealth Financial Corporation (FCF) to Hold AMP Capital Investors Ltd Decreases Stake in Silicon Motion Technology Corporation (SIMO) AMP Capital Investors Ltd Sells 3,720 Shares of Cintas Corporation (CTAS) Windstream Holdings Inc (WIN) Position Decreased by Zacks Investment Management Zacks Investment Management Purchases Shares of 7,847 MGM Growth Properties LLC (MGP) Zacks Investment Management Has $209,000 Position in Chesapeake Lodging Trust (CHSP) Zacks Investment Management Increases Stake in Aduro Biotech, Inc. (ADRO) Zacks Investment Management Sells 2,276 Shares of Beacon Roofing Supply, Inc. (BECN) Murphy Capital Management Inc. Cuts Stake in Merck & Company, Inc. (MRK) January 18th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Trevor Kearing Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet Murphy Capital Management Inc. decreased its stake in Merck & Company, Inc. (NYSE:MRK) by 0.5% during the third quarter, according to its most recent 13F filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission. The firm owned 46,932 shares of the company’s stock after selling 229 shares during the period. Murphy Capital Management Inc.’s holdings in Merck & Company were worth $2,929,000 at the end of the most recent reporting period. A number of other hedge funds and other institutional investors have also added to or reduced their stakes in MRK. Ameriprise Financial Inc. increased its position in Merck & Company by 24.1% in the second quarter. Ameriprise Financial Inc. now owns 22,992,642 shares of the company’s stock valued at $1,324,996,000 after buying an additional 4,468,488 shares during the last quarter. Bank of Montreal Can acquired a new position in Merck & Company during the second quarter valued at $250,542,000. Boston Partners increased its position in Merck & Company by 23.8% in the second quarter. Boston Partners now owns 19,034,299 shares of the company’s stock valued at $1,096,566,000 after buying an additional 3,655,639 shares during the last quarter. Vanguard Group Inc. increased its position in Merck & Company by 1.9% in the second quarter. Vanguard Group Inc. now owns 174,819,694 shares of the company’s stock valued at $10,071,362,000 after buying an additional 3,242,254 shares during the last quarter. Finally, BlackRock Fund Advisors increased its position in Merck & Company by 4.0% in the second quarter. BlackRock Fund Advisors now owns 44,732,600 shares of the company’s stock valued at $2,577,045,000 after buying an additional 1,701,520 shares during the last quarter. Hedge funds and other institutional investors own 72.40% of the company’s stock. Merck & Company, Inc. (NYSE:MRK) traded down 0.464% during trading on Wednesday, reaching $61.195. 4,761,709 shares of the company traded hands. The firm has a market capitalization of $168.72 billion, a price-to-earnings ratio of 31.254 and a beta of 0.77. Merck & Company, Inc. has a 52 week low of $47.97 and a 52 week high of $65.46. The company’s 50-day moving average price is $60.72 and its 200 day moving average price is $61.31. Merck & Company (NYSE:MRK) last announced its quarterly earnings data on Tuesday, October 25th. The company reported $1.07 EPS for the quarter, beating the consensus estimate of $0.99 by $0.08. The business earned $10.50 billion during the quarter, compared to analyst estimates of $10.17 billion. Merck & Company had a return on equity of 24.25% and a net margin of 13.76%. The company’s revenue for the quarter was up 4.6% on a year-over-year basis. During the same quarter last year, the firm posted $0.96 earnings per share. On average, equities research analysts expect that Merck & Company, Inc. will post $3.79 EPS for the current year. The company also recently disclosed a quarterly dividend, which was paid on Monday, January 9th. Shareholders of record on Thursday, December 15th were given a dividend of $0.47 per share. The ex-dividend date was Tuesday, December 13th. This represents a $1.88 annualized dividend and a yield of 3.06%. This is a positive change from Merck & Company’s previous quarterly dividend of $0.46. Merck & Company’s dividend payout ratio (DPR) is currently 95.92%. ILLEGAL ACTIVITY NOTICE: This piece of content was reported by Daily Political and is the propert of of Daily Political. If you are accessing this piece of content on another site, it was stolen and republished in violation of US & international trademark and copyright law. The original version of this piece of content can be accessed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/01/18/murphy-capital-management-inc-cuts-stake-in-merck-company-inc-mrk.html. MRK has been the topic of several research reports. Vetr upgraded shares of Merck & Company from a “strong sell” rating to a “sell” rating and set a $52.95 price objective on the stock in a report on Monday, January 2nd. Bank of America Corporation upgraded shares of Merck & Company from a “neutral” rating to a “buy” rating and upped their price objective for the stock from $57.00 to $70.00 in a report on Thursday, October 13th. Zacks Investment Research downgraded shares of Merck & Company from a “buy” rating to a “hold” rating in a report on Thursday, November 10th. Jefferies Group downgraded shares of Merck & Company from a “hold” rating to an “underperform” rating and set a $48.00 price objective on the stock. in a report on Monday, December 19th. Finally, Barclays PLC restated an “overweight” rating on shares of Merck & Company in a report on Wednesday, October 12th. Two research analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, eight have assigned a hold rating and thirteen have issued a buy rating to the stock. Merck & Company presently has a consensus rating of “Hold” and a consensus target price of $66.34. In other Merck & Company news, Chairman Kenneth C. Frazier sold 140,000 shares of the firm’s stock in a transaction on Thursday, November 10th. The stock was sold at an average price of $65.03, for a total transaction of $9,104,200.00. Following the completion of the transaction, the chairman now owns 514,957 shares of the company’s stock, valued at $33,487,653.71. The sale was disclosed in a legal filing with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which is accessible through this link. Also, Director Rochelle B. Lazarus sold 20,000 shares of the firm’s stock in a transaction on Wednesday, November 2nd. The shares were sold at an average price of $59.06, for a total value of $1,181,200.00. Following the transaction, the director now directly owns 9,594 shares of the company’s stock, valued at approximately $566,621.64. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Company insiders own 0.05% of the company’s stock. About Merck & Company Merck & Co, Inc is a global healthcare company. The Company offers health solutions through its prescription medicines, vaccines, biologic therapies and animal health products, which it markets directly and through its joint ventures. It operates through one segment, Pharmaceutical. The Company’s Pharmaceutical segment includes human health pharmaceutical and vaccine products marketed either directly by the Company or through joint ventures. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding MRK? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Merck & Company, Inc. (NYSE:MRK). Receive News & Ratings for Merck & Company Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Merck & Company Inc. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News President Trump’s Labor Secretary Choice Outsourced Jobs President Trump Agenda: Border Wall and Sanctuary Cities White House Says President Trump Will Not Release His Tax Returns Protesters Plan Big Disruptions for Trump Inauguration Summer Zervos Filing Defamation Suit Against Donald Trump © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Merck Foundation Grant Expands Project ECHO® in Vietnam and India Project Increases Access to Specialty Care for Complex, Chronic Conditions Download Full Size Small Preview Thumbnail ???pagination.previous??? ???pagination.next??? Full Size Small Preview Thumbnail Full Size Small Preview Thumbnail Full Size Small Preview Thumbnail January 18, 2017 09:00 AM Eastern Standard Time KENILWORTH, N.J.--(BUSINESS WIRE)--The Merck Foundation (Foundation) and the Extension for Community Healthcare Outcomes (ECHO) Institute™ at the University of New Mexico Health Sciences Center announced today that the Foundation has provided a grant of $7 million over five years to support the expansion of Project ECHO® to improve access to specialty care for complex, chronic conditions, such as: hepatitis C, HIV, tuberculosis, and non-communicable diseases, including diabetes and mental health conditions, in underserved communities in India and Vietnam. Project ECHO® is a telementoring model that links expert specialists with primary care providers through virtual clinics (teleECHOTM clinics), where the specialists mentor and share their knowledge through case-based learning and guided practice, enabling primary care providers to develop the ability to treat patients with complex conditions within their own communities. Given the substantial need to improve health care and build health care providers’ capacity throughout India and Vietnam, this project has four central goals: Further develop ECHO superhubs in India to provide training and technical assistance for ECHO projects throughout Asia; Develop and expand ECHO hubs (specialty teams at academic medical centers or other care centers) across India and Vietnam in targeted communities; Work with hubs in India and Vietnam to develop and implement training programs for community health workers to further improve the quality and availability of treatment and care; and Document the impact of the ECHO model™ on improving access to specialty care for patients in rural and underserved areas in India and Vietnam. “At Merck, we value and support our partners who are experimenting with new health care models and technologies aimed at solving complex health problems,” said Dr. Julie L. Gerberding, chief patient officer, Merck and chief executive officer, Merck Foundation. “Project ECHO® will help to make a meaningful impact on patients living with chronic conditions in India and Vietnam by empowering local providers with the specialized medical knowledge they need.” “We are incredibly grateful for this generous donation from the Merck Foundation,” said Dr. Sanjeev Arora, creator and director of Project ECHO®. “Strengthening the skills and capabilities of primary care providers in rural or remote settings helps to ensure patients receive the right care at the right place and the right time.” As part of the initiative, a community health worker program will be developed to further expand access to appropriate care in rural communities. The community health workers will join the more than 3,000 doctors, nurses and community health workers currently enrolled in Project ECHO’s comprehensive disease management programs. To date, more than 110 partners have launched their own ECHO hubs for more than 55 diseases and conditions in more than 20 countries. About The Merck Foundation The Merck Foundation is a U.S.-based, private charitable foundation. Established in 1957 by Merck, a global health care leader, the Foundation is funded entirely by the company and is Merck’s chief source of funding support to qualified non-profit charitable organizations. Since its inception, the Merck Foundation has contributed more than $870 million to support important initiatives that address societal needs and are consistent with Merck’s overall mission to help the world be well. For more information, visit www.merckgiving.com. About the ECHO Institute The ECHO Institute, based at the University of New Mexico Health Science Center, is a groundbreaking approach to increasing access to specialty care that started in 2003, in New Mexico. ECHO is a lifelong learning and guided practice model that revolutionizes medical education and exponentially increases workforce capacity to provide best-practice specialty care and reduce health disparities. Learn more at echo.unm.edu and on Twitter @ProjectECHO. Contacts Merck Media Contacts: Claire Gillespie, 267-305-0932 Jeanine Clemente, 908-236-5059 or Project ECHO Media Contact: Andrea Bradford, 505-272-5513 Release Summary Merck Foundation Grant Expands Project ECHO® in Vietnam and India #Hashtags #Merck #MRK $Cashtags $MRK Contacts Merck Media Contacts: Claire Gillespie, 267-305-0932 Jeanine Clemente, 908-236-5059 or Project ECHO Media Contact: Andrea Bradford, 505-272-5513 Site Navigation Home Home Submit a Press Release Services News All News News with Multimedia News by Industry News by Subject News by Language Tradeshows & Events Earnings & Conference Calls Education Overview Distribution & Media Media & Journalist Tools Sample Press Release FAQ Find Your News Online How-to Disclosure Resources About Us Overview Become a Member Contact Us Follow Us Jobs Business Wire Newsroom Business Wire Events Search Advanced News Search Advanced News Search Log In Sign Up Follow Us Twitter LinkedIn Google+ More from Business Wire Blog Apps UK/Ireland Deutschland France Hong Kong Italy Japan EON: Enhanced Online News Tradeshownews.com PYMNTS.com Business Wire Information Contact Us Privacy Statement Terms of Use © 2017 Business Wire, Inc.
PMGroup PME Communiqué The Directory Quality in Care How to Advertise Privacy and cookies My Account Register Please login to the form below Not currently logged in Email: Password: I have forgotten my password PME Communiqué The Directory Opening up market access The Heart of the Matter Advanced search Home News Intelligence Thought leadership Appointments Awards Blogs Clinical Top Pharma List PMHub Jobs News Research Sales Marketing Regulatory Healthcare Jobs and recruitment Trending PMEA 2016 results AstraZeneca's durvalumab trial Novartis biosimilar sales Lilly's solanezumab results in Alzheimer's Remicade-biosimilar switch trial AZ tweaks immuno-oncology trials as it chases lung cancer leaders Toughens targets for durvalumab in NSCLC monotherapy and combination study AstraZeneca (AZ) has set new targets in a pivotal trial of its immuno-oncology drugs durvalumab and tremelimumab in lung cancer that it hopes will give it an edge over its rivals. The UK drugmaker is setting tougher objectives in the MYSTIC trial - including adding overall survival as a primary endpoint along with progression-free survival (PFS) - as it strives to position the drug against Merck & Co's Keytruda (pembrolizumab) and other competitors in the cancer immunotherapy sector. MYSTIC is testing PD-L1 inhibitor durvalumab as a monotherapy and in combination with CTLA-4 inhibitor tremelimumab as a first-line therapy for non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC), comparing the two regimens with standard chemotherapy. The new protocol will investigate durvalumab monotherapy in patients with PD-L1-positive tumours, while the combination will be used in "all-comers", regardless of their PD-L1 status. Previously, AZ has said the combination is its main focus so the elevation of the monotherapy arm marks a change in direction for the firm, and according to analysts could be a move designed to make it easier for clinicians to include durvalumab in other combination regimens. AZ also announced it was starting a new phase III trial called PEARL that will pit durvalumab monotherapy against chemotherapy in Asia. The company said the move was based on "recent internal and external data, including durvalumab's strong efficacy in monotherapy presented at recent medical meetings, as well as significant opportunities in the competitive landscape". The tougher survival endpoints also pitch both arms of the study against PD-1 inhibitor Keytruda, which was approved for first-line NSCLC on the back of PFS data but included overall survival among the secondary endpoints of its pivotal KEYNOTE-024 trial. Since then, Merck has also filed for an FDA green light for Keytruda in combination with chemotherapy in this setting. Merck's longstanding rival Bristol-Myers Squibb failed to make headway in first-line NSCLC after its Opdivo (nivolumab) PD-1 inhibitor failed to show a benefit in a phase III trial reported last year. Meanwhile, third PD-1/PD-L1 inhibitor entrant Roche's Tecentriq (atezolizumab) has been approved for second-line NSCLC and is in phase III trials ongoing as a first-line monotherapy as well as in combination with other drugs. AZ's chief medical officer Sean Bohen said the changes to the trial programme "are all designed to enhance our options in first-line NSCLC" for cancer immunotherapy combinations as well as monotherapy, adding that the first data should be available in mid-2017. Please enable JavaScript to view the comments. Article by Phil Taylor 18th January 2017 From: Research Share  Print Friendly Tags Related content BMS won't seek quick okay for Opdivo combo in lung cancer AZ drug discovery robot programed for cancer research AstraZeneca’s John Rex joins UK biotech F2G Deal Watch December 2016 FALCON trial of fulvestrant for advanced breast cancer Related Hub content FALCON trial of fulvestrant for advanced breast cancer Video: Immuno-oncology therapies Video: Immuno-oncology therapies Free Thinking: From promise to practice: immuno-oncology in action Immuno-oncology: The market opportunity for PD-1/PD-L1s PME Digital Edition Featured jobs Principal Medical Writer, Medical Communications, London Excellent package Regional Managing Director/ ASIA CEO –Healthcare Advertising Age... Salary TBC Publications Manager – Med Comms Salary TBC Senior Account Manager / Jr AD - Consumer & Prescription – H... Salary TBC Senior Director – Medical Education - Global Agency Salary TBC PRINCIPAL MEDICAL WRITER or ETL - OUTSTANDING OPPORTUNITY - MEDI... Salary TBC Editorial Projects Lead, Medical Communications, NW UK Excellent package Managing Director – Healthcare PR and Communications Agency – Lo... Neg Project Director – Med Comms – Surrey Salary TBC Medical Writer/ Copywriter, Medcomms to Brandcomms, London Competitive Salary SAE & Account Manager - Victoria – Healthcare Advertising Salary TBC Global CEO, Healthcare Advertising/ Brand Communications, East C... Substantial Package Account Executive / Senior Account Executive - Oxford - Medical ... Salary TBC Associate Medical Writer – Postdoc opportunity to enter Medical ... Competitive Scientific Lead - Med Comms Great salary and benefits Senior Medical Writer, Medical Communications, London Excellent package Account Director – Med Comms – Oxford Salary TBC Senior Account Manager or Account Director, Healthcare PR/ Commu... c£45 -55, 000 Senior Medical Writer, Principal Medical Writer, Editorial Team ... £40000 - £75000 Bonus Benefits Subscribe to our email news alerts Most read Most shared Latest content Real-world evidence Two new hepatitis C therapies fast-tracked in Europe UK pharma slams new drug evaluation plans J&J pondering future of diabetes device assets Novartis 'reviewing options' for Alcon division Fishawack undergoes management buyout 2017 Trends Reports Opdivo drives growth at BMS, but US sales slow down NICE U-turn on Imbruvica sees the leukaemia therapy backed for NHS use Celgene pays $300m upfront for immunology start-up Delinia The reality of real-world evidence AXON Communications boosts senior team PMHubAdd my company Any category... Advertising Branding Clinical research Conferences meetings events Creative and design Digital communications Homecare Industry associations IT solutions Management consultancies Manufacturing packaging logistics Market access Market research Marketing consultancies Media planning and buying Medical communications Medical education Patient support and adherence Pharmacy Print services Policy and government affairs Public relations Publishers Recruitment and career development Regulatory affairs Research and development Sales Training Translation services Pulsar THE SCIENCE BEHIND CREATIVE RESULTS When science meets art there's chemistry. We simply add passion, positivity and a human warmth.... Latest intelligence 2017 Trends Reports GSW and InVentiv Health Communications are pleased to release the 6th installment of the Trends report series, consisting of four reports: Consumer, Digital, Communications and Healthcare... 10 tips on Transcreation We have put together a few pointers that you should consider for the process of transcreation.... Smart connections with a human touch Simon Young, Director at Blue Latitude Health, discusses how advances in technology are influencing the future of the expert-patient relationship and why healthcare businesses must evaluate how best to support... Quick links Country reports Digital Handbook The Gallery Healthcare glossary How to advertise HTA guidance tracker Orphan drugs and rare diseases PME supplements Social media hub Webinars Infographics Multimedia<> Webinar: Customer engagement design Communiqué Awards 2015: Winners in pictures Communiqué Awards 2015: Gallery PMEA 2015: Winners in pictures PMEA 2015: Pictures About us Contact us How to advertise Site map All content copyright © PMGroup Worldwide Ltd 2017
Contact Us Journalists Blog Log In Sign Up Send a Release News Solutions Resources Search News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News dansk Deutsch español Français italiano Nederlands norsk português suomeksi svenska Technical Reports on Drug Makers Stocks -- Pfizer, Merck, AbbVie, and Johnson & Johnson News provided by Chelmsford Park SA Jan 18, 2017, 07:10 ET Share this article NEW YORK, January 18, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- Today, Stock-Callers.com takes another look at the Drug Manufacturers space to see how current market conditions are influencing the performances of some major players in the industry. Under evaluation this morning are: Pfizer Inc. (NYSE: PFE), Merck & Co. Inc. (NYSE: MRK), AbbVie Inc. (NYSE: ABBV), and Johnson & Johnson (NYSE: JNJ). These companies are engaged in the development and sale of medicines and vaccines for a wide range of medical uses. Most of them are structured as corporations, and offer slightly higher-than-average dividend yields. Download the free research reports on these stocks today: http://stock-callers.com/registration Pfizer   New York headquartered Pfizer Inc.'s shares saw a drop of 1.41%, finishing Tuesday's trading session at $32.06. A total volume of 32.10 million shares was traded, which was above their three months average volume of 26.81 million shares. The stock is trading below its 50-day moving average by 0.06%. Moreover, shares of Pfizer, which discovers, develops, manufactures, and sells healthcare products worldwide, have a Relative Strength Index (RSI) of 39.78. On January 05th, 2017, ICU Medical, Inc. announced that ICU Medical and Pfizer have modified the terms of the definitive agreement entered into on October 06th, 2016, under which ICU Medical will acquire the Hospira Infusion Systems (HIS) business from Pfizer. These modifications are a result of recent changes in performance of HIS that affect previously announced expectations for the transaction. Under the terms of the modified agreement, the aggregate purchase price will be adjusted to be no more than $900 million (versus $1 billion as originally agreed). See our free and comprehensive research report on PFE at: http://stock-callers.com/registration/?symbol=PFE Merck   On Tuesday, shares in Kenilworth, New Jersey headquartered Merck & Co. Inc. recorded a trading volume of 10.59 million shares, and ended the session 1.38% lower at $61.48. The stock has gained 4.43% since the start of this year. The Company's shares are trading 1.02% and 4.62% above their 50-day and 200-day moving averages, respectively. Furthermore, shares of Merck & Co., which provides healthcare solutions worldwide, have an RSI of 53.12. On January 10th, 2017, Merck announced that the US FDA has accepted for review the supplemental Biologics License Application (sBLA) for KEYTRUDA® (pembrolizumab), the Company's anti-PD-1 therapy, plus chemotherapy for the first-line treatment of patients with metastatic or advanced non-squamous non-small cell lung cancer regardless of PD-L1 expression and with no EGFR or ALK genomic tumor aberrations. This is the first application for regulatory approval of KEYTRUDA in combination with another treatment. The FDA granted Priority Review with a PDUFA, or target action, date of May 10th, 2017. The sBLA will be reviewed under the FDA's Accelerated Approval program. On January 13th, 2017, research firm Bryan Garnier initiated a 'Buy' rating on the Company's stock. MRK free research report PDF is just a click away at: http://stock-callers.com/registration/?symbol=MRK AbbVie   Shares in North Chicago, Illinois-based AbbVie Inc. closed at $61.86, slightly down 0.21% from the last trading session. The stock recorded a trading volume of 8.44 million shares, which was higher than its three months average volume of 8.10 million shares. The Company's shares have gained 1.32% in the last one month and 3.85% over the previous three months. The stock is trading 1.80% above its 50-day moving average and 1.30% above its 200-day moving average. Additionally, shares of AbbVie, which discovers, develops, manufactures, and sells pharmaceutical products worldwide, have an RSI of 49.01. On January 09th, 2017, AbbVie, life-sciences startup Genomics Medicine Ireland Limited, and WuXi NextCODE, the global contract genomics organization, announced the launch of a long-term strategic alliance to conduct population genomics research in Ireland aimed at advancing the discovery and development of novel therapeutic approaches to a range of serious diseases. The 15-year collaboration will focus on major chronic diseases within oncology, neuroscience and immunology that affect hundreds of thousands of people in Ireland and hundreds of millions worldwide. Financial terms were not disclosed. Sign up for your complimentary report on ABBV at: http://stock-callers.com/registration/?symbol=ABBV Johnson & Johnson   At the closing bell yesterday, shares in New Brunswick, New Jersey-based Johnson & Johnson ended 0.24% higher at $114.87 with a total trading volume of 6.26 million shares. The stock is trading above its 50-day moving average by 0.04%. Shares of the Company, which together with its subsidiaries, researches and develops, manufactures, and sells various products in the health care field worldwide, have an RSI of 46.33. On January 03rd, 2017, Johnson & Johnson announced that its Board of Directors has declared a cash dividend for Q1 2017 of $0.80 per share on its common stock. The dividend is payable on March 14th, 2017 to shareholders of record at the close of business on February 28th, 2017. Register for free on Stock-Callers.com and download the latest research report on JNJ at: http://stock-callers.com/registration/?symbol=JNJ -- Stock Callers:  Stock Callers (SC) produces regular sponsored and non-sponsored reports, articles, stock market blogs, and popular investment newsletters covering equities listed on NYSE and NASDAQ and micro-cap stocks. SC has two distinct and independent departments. One department produces non-sponsored analyst certified content generally in the form of press releases, articles and reports covering equities listed on NYSE and NASDAQ and the other produces sponsored content (in most cases not reviewed by a registered analyst), which typically consists of compensated investment newsletters, articles and reports covering listed stocks and micro-caps. Such sponsored content is outside the scope of procedures detailed below.  SC has not been compensated; directly or indirectly; for producing or publishing this document.  PRESS RELEASE PROCEDURES: The non-sponsored content contained herein has been prepared by a writer (the "Author") and is fact checked and reviewed by a third party research service company (the "Reviewer") represented by a credentialed financial analyst [for further information on analyst credentials, please email info@stock-callers.com. Rohit Tuli, a CFA® charterholder (the "Sponsor"), provides necessary guidance in preparing the document templates. The Reviewer has reviewed and revised the content, as necessary, based on publicly available information which is believed to be reliable. Content is researched, written and reviewed on a reasonable-effort basis. The Reviewer has not performed any independent investigations or forensic audits to validate the information herein. The Reviewer has only independently reviewed the information provided by the Author according to the procedures outlined by SC. SC is not entitled to veto or interfere in the application of such procedures by the third-party research service company to the articles, documents or reports, as the case may be. Unless otherwise noted, any content outside of this document has no association with the Author or the Reviewer in any way.   NO WARRANTY  SC, the Author, and the Reviewer are not responsible for any error which may be occasioned at the time of printing of this document or any error, mistake or shortcoming. No liability is accepted whatsoever for any direct, indirect or consequential loss arising from the use of this document. SC, the Author, and the Reviewer expressly disclaim any fiduciary responsibility or liability for any consequences, financial or otherwise arising from any reliance placed on the information in this document. Additionally, SC, the Author, and the Reviewer do not (1) guarantee the accuracy, timeliness, completeness or correct sequencing of the information, or (2) warrant any results from use of the information. The included information is subject to change without notice.  NOT AN OFFERING  This document is not intended as an offering, recommendation, or a solicitation of an offer to buy or sell the securities mentioned or discussed, and is to be used for informational purposes only. Please read all associated disclosures and disclaimers in full before investing. Neither SC nor any party affiliated with us is a registered investment adviser or broker-dealer with any agency or in any jurisdiction whatsoever. To download our report(s), read our disclosures, or for more information, visit http://stock-callers.com/legal-disclaimer/ CONTACT For any questions, inquiries, or comments reach out to us directly. If you're a company we are covering and wish to no longer feature on our coverage list contact us via email and/or phone between 09:30 EDT to 16:00 EDT from Monday to Friday at: Email: info@stock-callers.com Phone number: +44 330 808 3765 Office Address: Clyde Offices, Second Floor, 48 West George Street, Glasgow, U.K. -G2 1BP CFA® and Chartered Financial Analyst® are registered trademarks owned by CFA Institute. SOURCE Chelmsford Park SA Jan 18, 2017, 07:15 ET Preview: Business Services Stocks Under Scanner -- IHS Markit, S&P Global, R.R. Donnelley, and Global Payments Jan 18, 2017, 07:05 ET Preview: Research Reports on REIT Equities -- Cousins Properties, Gramercy Property Trust, American Tower, and Starwood Property Trust My News Release contains wide tables. View fullscreen. Also from this source 08:10 ETResearch Reports Coverage on Tech Stocks -- Momo, Interxion,... 08:05 ETResearch Reports Initiation on REIT Stocks -- Apple Hospitality... Explore More news releases in similar topics Medical Pharmaceuticals Pharmaceuticals Investments Opinions You just read: Technical Reports on Drug Makers Stocks -- Pfizer, Merck, AbbVie, and Johnson & Johnson News provided by Chelmsford Park SA Jan 18, 2017, 07:10 ET Share this article Looking to send a news release with PR Newswire? Take advantage of the world's leading distribution platform. Sign up to get started Request more information Have an account? Log In Phone 8AM - 10PM ET +1-888-776-0942 Send a Release Sign Up Blog For Journalists Contact Us Search Searching for your content... Advanced Search Contact 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Chat Online with an Expert Contact Us Solutions Cision Communication Cloud™ For Marketers For Public Relations For IR & Compliance For Agency For Small Business All Products About About PR Newswire About Cision Become a Publishing Partner Become a Channel Partner Careers   Global Sites Asia Brazil Canada Europe Finland France India Israel Mexico Middle East Netherlands Sweden United Kingdom My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Terms of Use Privacy Policy Information Security Policy Statement Site Map RSS Feeds Copyright © 2017 PR Newswire Association LLC. All Rights Reserved. A Cision company. News Solutions Resources News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News dansk Deutsch español Français italiano Nederlands norsk português suomeksi svenska Phone +1-888-776-0942 8AM - 10PM ET Chat Chat Online with an Expert All contact info Send a ReleaseLog In
RecomN - Local Services| About Us| E-Paper| Search| MOBILE KLIK UNTUK PROJEKMMO 点击M中文网 Facebook Twitter RSS Last updated Saturday, January 28, 2017 10:47 am GMT+8 Kuala Lumpur 28°C, Mostly Cloudy MMOTV News Malaysia World Money Life Showbiz Opinion Sports Eat/Drink Travel Read Tech/Gadgets Drive Gallery Money Drugmakers in Davos shift focus to chronic diseases of poor Wednesday January 18, 2017 08:13 PM GMT+8 ICYMI The Edit: Apple’s Siri faces fierce battle with Amazon’s Alexa The Edit: Michelle Williams teams up with Jonah Hill for ‘Mid-90s’ Malala says ‘heartbroken’ over Trump’s plan for refugees Trump doubles down feud, says Mexico ‘has taken advantage’ of US Advertisement More stories                Tools Increase Text Decrease Text Reset Text Print Article Twenty-two companies, including Pfizer, Merck, Novartis, Roche, Sanofi and GlaxoSmithKline, will contribute funds and expertise to a project to fight cancer and other non-communicable diseases in poor countries. — Reuters picDAVOS, Jan 18 — Two decades after they were spurred into action to tackle AIDS in Africa, global drugmakers said today they would invest an initial US$50 million (RM222.2 million) over three years to fight cancer and other non-communicable diseases in poor countries. Twenty-two companies, including Pfizer, Merck, Novartis, Roche, Sanofi and GlaxoSmithKline, will contribute funds and expertise to the project, which is backed by the World Bank. The so-called Access Accelerated initiative was announced at the World Economic Forum in Davos and aims to improve both treatment and prevention. In the past, the focus of healthcare in poorer parts of the world has been on fighting infectious diseases, whether through vaccinations, drug programmes or the roll-out of anti-malarial bednets. Today, however, the healthcare burden is shifting as deaths from these conditions decline and people in increasingly urbanised populations succumb to diseases such as cancer, diabetes, and heart and lung disorders fuelled by Western lifestyles. Such non-communicable diseases (NCDs) are responsible for nearly 70 per cent of all deaths worldwide and almost three quarters of them occur in low- and middle-income countries, according to the World Health Organisation. Severin Schwan, the chief executive of Roche, the world’s largest maker of cancer drugs, said his company and others were already implementing preferential pricing for the developing world but cost was only one obstacle. Countries in Africa, Asia and Latin America also need improved healthcare systems if patients are to benefit from the latest developments in medicine. “It has a lot to do with hospital infrastructure. You can’t administer modern cancer medicines if you don’t have sophisticated lab facilities,” he told Reuters. “We’re going to institutionalise cooperation in this area.” Cancer is the initial focus and drug companies will work with the Union for International Cancer Control to test out new diagnostics and treatments in several cities around the world on a pilot basis. Sanofi CEO Olivier Brandicourt said the US$50 million commitment — a relatively small sum for an industry with global sales of around US$1 trillion a year — was just a start. “The US$50 million is more like seeding funding, if you want, and based on the results we’ll gather afterwards we will have a more ambitious programme with more stakeholders between 2020 and 2030,” he said. — Reuters                MORE ON MMOTV Most Viewed Now Week Wall Street slips after soft GDP data, earnings Stocks slip on earnings, data; dollar advances Microsoft’s market value tops US$500b again after 17 years US economy posts slowest growth since 2011 Ringgit ends lower against US dollar Trump pulls US out of Pacific trade deal, loosening Asia ties (VIDEO) US dollar slides near seven-week lows on fading Trump trade Saudi Aramco shelves plans for RAPID venture with Petronas, source says Ringgit to trade softer against US dollar next week At some Singapore suburban malls, retailers confront the sound of silence Most Watched Now Week Reuters Video: Alexa versus Siri Reutes Video: Miss Universe’s preliminary show starts in Manila Reuters Video: Ryan Gosling brings ‘La La Land’ to Tokyo Reuters Video: Mexicans build makeshift wall around US embassy in Trump protest Reuters Video: President Trump, Melania share 'first dance' Reuters Video: Marketing experts on how best to spend money, time, energy in 2017 Related Articles Does depression boost the risk of cancer death? Britons sizzle over chips and toast cancer warnings UK scientists say burnt toast, overcooked potatoes could cause cancer France to investigate food additive that harmed rats Sanofi’s M&A misses frustrate some investors in drugmaker Advertisement MMO Instagram Tweets by @themmailonline Tweets by @themmailonline MMOTV News Malaysia World Money Life Showbiz Opinion Sports Eat/Drink Travel Read Tech/Gadgets Drive Gallery Copyright © 2017 Malay Mail Online About Us | Contact Us | Policies | Search | Archive | E-Paper | Mobile | ProjekMMO | RecomN - Local Services
Latest News Dow 20,094 -7.13 -0.04% Nasdaq 5,661 +5.61 +0.10% S&P 500 2,295 -1.99 -0.09% 6:43 P.M. ET Trump signs executive actions at Pentagon on immigrants and military 6:40 P.M. ET Potential Amazon partnership exciting for PayPal, analysts say 6:16 P.M. ET Updated The next anchor at your mall could be a food hall 6:08 P.M. ET Updated This is what $20 million hidden under a mattress looks like 6:08 P.M. ET How the Dow gives active fund management a good name 6:06 P.M. ET Updated Looking to get a mortgage in 2017? Here’s what you need to know 6:06 P.M. ET Updated Mexican billionaire Carlos Slim: ‘The best wall is opportunities, growth and employment in Mexico’ 6:02 P.M. ET Updated Corporate insiders have a stock market surprise for you 5:43 P.M. ET Super Bowl Ad: Mr. Clean 5:38 P.M. ET Updated These are the largest employers in the U.S. — state by state 5:30 P.M. ET Updated Washington Post op-ed writer: ‘Look, I don’t need Steve Bannon’s permission to do my job’ 5:00 P.M. ET Why a Trump trade war is a danger to the S&P 500 4:37 P.M. ET Super Bowl Ad: Intel 4:36 P.M. ET Updated Dow ends landmark week with a whimper 4:35 P.M. ET Gorbachev: ‘The current situation is too dangerous’ 4:35 P.M. ET Lowe's board OKs $5 billion share buyback program 4:34 P.M. ET Super Bowl Ad: Skittles 4:29 P.M. ET Updated Will you have to pay for your parents’ retirement? 4:27 P.M. ET Updated 35 is the new 20: All four Australian Open finalists are over 30 years old 4:25 P.M. ET Updated Chili’s menu may not be as well-suited to takeout as Olive Garden’s, analysts say Log In Home News Viewer Video SectorWatch Podcasts First Take Games Portfolio My MarketWatch News Viewer Markets U.S. Europe/Middle East Emerging Markets Asia Canada SectorWatch Columns Market Snapshot Movers & Shakers The Tell Currencies Futures Movers Pre-Market News Tools Earnings Wall Markets Overview IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar Currency Tools Futures Contracts Market Screener Hulbert Interactive Investing Stocks Mutual Funds ETFs Options Bonds Commodities Currencies Futures Hedge Funds/Insider Trades Getting Started MarketWatch Adviser Columns Options Trader Revolution Investing Tools Stock Screener Funds Finder ETF Screener Options Screener IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar More... Personal Finance 10 Things Big Spender Real Estate Spending & Saving Taxes Columns The Moneyologist Brett Arends Bill Bischoff Amy Hoak Chuck Jaffe Jennifer Openshaw Jennifer Waters Tools Funds Finder Today's Rates Retirement Retire Here, Not There Encore Taxes How-to Guides Social Security Estate Planning Events Columns Robert Powell's Retirement Portfolio Andrea Coombes's Working Retirement Tools Retirement Planner How long will my money last? Economy Federal Reserve Capitol Report Economic Report Columns Darrell Delamaide Irwin Kellner Rex Nutting Tools Economic Calendar Real Estate Location Scouts realtor.com My MarketWatch Watchlist Alerts Games Log In Bulletin Dow, S&P 500 close lower Friday but break 2-week losing streak Home Press Release Technical Reports on Drug Makers Stocks -- Pfizer, Merck, AbbVie, and Johnson & Johnson By Published: Jan 18, 2017 7:10 a.m. ET Share NEW YORK, January 18, 2017 /PRNewswire via COMTEX/ -- NEW YORK, January 18, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- Today, Stock-Callers.com takes another look at the Drug Manufacturers space to see how current market conditions are influencing the performances of some major players in the industry. Under evaluation this morning are: Pfizer Inc. PFE, +0.45% Merck & Co. Inc. MRK, +0.90% AbbVie Inc. ABBV, -2.07% and Johnson & Johnson JNJ, +1.38% These companies are engaged in the development and sale of medicines and vaccines for a wide range of medical uses. Most of them are structured as corporations, and offer slightly higher-than-average dividend yields. Download the free research reports on these stocks today: http://stock-callers.com/registration Pfizer   New York headquartered Pfizer Inc.'s shares saw a drop of 1.41%, finishing Tuesday's trading session at $32.06. A total volume of 32.10 million shares was traded, which was above their three months average volume of 26.81 million shares. The stock is trading below its 50-day moving average by 0.06%. Moreover, shares of Pfizer, which discovers, develops, manufactures, and sells healthcare products worldwide, have a Relative Strength Index (RSI) of 39.78. On January 05 [th] , 2017, ICU Medical, Inc. announced that ICU Medical and Pfizer have modified the terms of the definitive agreement entered into on October 06 [th] , 2016, under which ICU Medical will acquire the Hospira Infusion Systems (HIS) business from Pfizer. These modifications are a result of recent changes in performance of HIS that affect previously announced expectations for the transaction. Under the terms of the modified agreement, the aggregate purchase price will be adjusted to be no more than $900 million (versus $1 billion as originally agreed). See our free and comprehensive research report on PFE at: http://stock-callers.com/registration/?symbol=PFE Merck   On Tuesday, shares in Kenilworth, New Jersey headquartered Merck & Co. Inc. recorded a trading volume of 10.59 million shares, and ended the session 1.38% lower at $61.48. The stock has gained 4.43% since the start of this year. The Company's shares are trading 1.02% and 4.62% above their 50-day and 200-day moving averages, respectively. Furthermore, shares of Merck & Co., which provides healthcare solutions worldwide, have an RSI of 53.12. On January 10 [th] , 2017, Merck announced that the US FDA has accepted for review the supplemental Biologics License Application (sBLA) for KEYTRUDA® (pembrolizumab), the Company's anti-PD-1 therapy, plus chemotherapy for the first-line treatment of patients with metastatic or advanced non-squamous non-small cell lung cancer regardless of PD-L1 expression and with no EGFR or ALK genomic tumor aberrations. This is the first application for regulatory approval of KEYTRUDA in combination with another treatment. The FDA granted Priority Review with a PDUFA, or target action, date of May 10 [th] , 2017. The sBLA will be reviewed under the FDA's Accelerated Approval program. On January 13 [th] , 2017, research firm Bryan Garnier initiated a 'Buy' rating on the Company's stock. MRK free research report PDF is just a click away at: http://stock-callers.com/registration/?symbol=MRK AbbVie   Shares in North Chicago, Illinois-based AbbVie Inc. closed at $61.86, slightly down 0.21% from the last trading session. The stock recorded a trading volume of 8.44 million shares, which was higher than its three months average volume of 8.10 million shares. The Company's shares have gained 1.32% in the last one month and 3.85% over the previous three months. The stock is trading 1.80% above its 50-day moving average and 1.30% above its 200-day moving average. Additionally, shares of AbbVie, which discovers, develops, manufactures, and sells pharmaceutical products worldwide, have an RSI of 49.01. On January 09 [th] , 2017, AbbVie, life-sciences startup Genomics Medicine Ireland Limited, and WuXi NextCODE, the global contract genomics organization, announced the launch of a long-term strategic alliance to conduct population genomics research in Ireland aimed at advancing the discovery and development of novel therapeutic approaches to a range of serious diseases. The 15-year collaboration will focus on major chronic diseases within oncology, neuroscience and immunology that affect hundreds of thousands of people in Ireland and hundreds of millions worldwide. Financial terms were not disclosed. Sign up for your complimentary report on ABBV at: http://stock-callers.com/registration/?symbol=ABBV Johnson & Johnson   At the closing bell yesterday, shares in New Brunswick, New Jersey-based Johnson & Johnson ended 0.24% higher at $114.87 with a total trading volume of 6.26 million shares. The stock is trading above its 50-day moving average by 0.04%. Shares of the Company, which together with its subsidiaries, researches and develops, manufactures, and sells various products in the health care field worldwide, have an RSI of 46.33. On January 03 [rd] , 2017, Johnson & Johnson announced that its Board of Directors has declared a cash dividend for Q1 2017 of $0.80 per share on its common stock. The dividend is payable on March 14 [th] , 2017 to shareholders of record at the close of business on February 28 [th] , 2017. Register for free on Stock-Callers.com and download the latest research report on JNJ at: http://stock-callers.com/registration/?symbol=JNJ Stock Callers:  Stock Callers (SC) produces regular sponsored and non-sponsored reports, articles, stock market blogs, and popular investment newsletters covering equities listed on NYSE and NASDAQ and micro-cap stocks. SC has two distinct and independent departments. One department produces non-sponsored analyst certified content generally in the form of press releases, articles and reports covering equities listed on NYSE and NASDAQ and the other produces sponsored content (in most cases not reviewed by a registered analyst), which typically consists of compensated investment newsletters, articles and reports covering listed stocks and micro-caps. Such sponsored content is outside the scope of procedures detailed below.  SC has not been compensated; directly or indirectly; for producing or publishing this document.  PRESS RELEASE PROCEDURES: The non-sponsored content contained herein has been prepared by a writer (the "Author") and is fact checked and reviewed by a third party research service company (the "Reviewer") represented by a credentialed financial analyst [for further information on analyst credentials, please email info@stock-callers.com. Rohit Tuli, a CFA® charterholder (the "Sponsor"), provides necessary guidance in preparing the document templates. The Reviewer has reviewed and revised the content, as necessary, based on publicly available information which is believed to be reliable. Content is researched, written and reviewed on a reasonable-effort basis. The Reviewer has not performed any independent investigations or forensic audits to validate the information herein. The Reviewer has only independently reviewed the information provided by the Author according to the procedures outlined by SC. SC is not entitled to veto or interfere in the application of such procedures by the third-party research service company to the articles, documents or reports, as the case may be. Unless otherwise noted, any content outside of this document has no association with the Author or the Reviewer in any way.   NO WARRANTY  SC, the Author, and the Reviewer are not responsible for any error which may be occasioned at the time of printing of this document or any error, mistake or shortcoming. No liability is accepted whatsoever for any direct, indirect or consequential loss arising from the use of this document. SC, the Author, and the Reviewer expressly disclaim any fiduciary responsibility or liability for any consequences, financial or otherwise arising from any reliance placed on the information in this document. Additionally, SC, the Author, and the Reviewer do not (1) guarantee the accuracy, timeliness, completeness or correct sequencing of the information, or (2) warrant any results from use of the information. The included information is subject to change without notice.  NOT AN OFFERING  This document is not intended as an offering, recommendation, or a solicitation of an offer to buy or sell the securities mentioned or discussed, and is to be used for informational purposes only. Please read all associated disclosures and disclaimers in full before investing. Neither SC nor any party affiliated with us is a registered investment adviser or broker-dealer with any agency or in any jurisdiction whatsoever. To download our report(s), read our disclosures, or for more information, visit http://stock-callers.com/legal-disclaimer/ CONTACT For any questions, inquiries, or comments reach out to us directly. If you're a company we are covering and wish to no longer feature on our coverage list contact us via email and/or phone between 09:30 EDT to 16:00 EDT from Monday to Friday at: Email: info@stock-callers.com Phone number: +44 330 808 3765 Office Address: Clyde Offices, Second Floor, 48 West George Street, Glasgow, U.K. -G2 1BP CFA® and Chartered Financial Analyst® are registered trademarks owned by CFA Institute. SOURCE Chelmsford Park SA Copyright (C) 2017 PR Newswire. All rights reserved Quote References PFE +0.14 +0.45% MRK +0.55 +0.90% ABBV -1.27 -2.07% JNJ +1.54 +1.38% Most Popular Two things are happening in the U.S. stock market for the first time since 1900 Looking to get a mortgage in 2017? Here’s what you need to know Trump calls U.S.-Mexico trade one-sided — and here’s the reality These are the largest employers in the U.S. — state by state This is what $20 million hidden under a mattress looks like MarketWatch Partner Center Luxury Real Estate Ivanka Trump, Jared Kushner reportedly buy $5.6 million house in D.C. View More Barron's Next Why a deal for Kate Spade looks almost inevitable View More Real Estate The surprising cities where you’ll find America’s newest and oldest homes View More SectorWatch Here's what Trump means for health care View More Sponsored Headlines MarketWatch Site Index Topics Help Feedback Newsroom Roster Media Archive Premium Products Mobile Company Company Info Code of Conduct Corrections Advertising Media Kit Advertise Locally Reprints & Licensing Broker Center Your Ad Choices Dow Jones Network WSJ.com Barron's Online BigCharts Virtual Stock Exchange Financial News Online WSJ.com Small Business realtor.com Mansion Global Back to Top Copyright ©2017 MarketWatch, Inc. All rights reserved. By using this site you agree to the Terms of Service, Privacy Policy, and Cookie Policy. Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. Intraday data delayed per exchange requirements. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real time last sale data provided by NASDAQ. More information on NASDAQ traded symbols and their current financial status. Intraday data delayed 15 minutes for Nasdaq, and 20 minutes for other exchanges. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. SEHK intraday data is provided by SIX Financial Information and is at least 60-minutes delayed. All quotes are in local exchange time. Advanced Search Stocks Columns Authors Topics No results found Pfizer Inc. U.S.: NYSE: PFE $31.42 +0.14 (+0.45%) Volume 23.9M Open $31.47 High $31.54 Low $31.26 P/E Ratio 31.26 Div Yield 4.07 Market Cap 189.8B Merck & Co. Inc. U.S.: NYSE: MRK $61.75 +0.55 (+0.90%) Volume 6.6M Open $61.38 High $61.99 Low $61.30 P/E Ratio 31.51 Div Yield 3.04 Market Cap 168.7B AbbVie Inc. U.S.: NYSE: ABBV $60.00 -1.27 (-2.07%) Volume 14.1M Open $60.00 High $61.25 Low $59.52 P/E Ratio 16.22 Div Yield 4.27 Market Cap 99.6B Johnson & Johnson U.S.: NYSE: JNJ $113.38 +1.54 (+1.38%) Volume 8.7M Open $112.00 High $113.54 Low $111.90 P/E Ratio 19.28 Div Yield 2.82 Market Cap 304.3B LatestNews
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy   Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Merck & Company Inc. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Merck & Company Inc. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News NewLink Genetics Corporation (NLNK) Shares Bought by Zurcher Kantonalbank Zurich Cantonalbank OSI Systems, Inc. (OSIS) Trading Up 5.1% Following Better-Than-Expected Earnings JetBlue Airways Corporation (JBLU) Trading Down 6.9% After Analyst Downgrade Zurcher Kantonalbank Zurich Cantonalbank Sells 12,460 Shares of Eastman Chemical Company (EMN) Zurcher Kantonalbank Zurich Cantonalbank Raises Stake in Ball Corporation (BLL) Zurcher Kantonalbank Zurich Cantonalbank Boosts Position in Mosaic Company (The) (MOS) Perrigo Company (PRGO) Shares Sold by Adage Capital Partners GP L.L.C. Zacks Investment Research Downgrades First Commonwealth Financial Corporation (FCF) to Hold AMP Capital Investors Ltd Decreases Stake in Silicon Motion Technology Corporation (SIMO) AMP Capital Investors Ltd Sells 3,720 Shares of Cintas Corporation (CTAS) Windstream Holdings Inc (WIN) Position Decreased by Zacks Investment Management Zacks Investment Management Purchases Shares of 7,847 MGM Growth Properties LLC (MGP) Zacks Investment Management Has $209,000 Position in Chesapeake Lodging Trust (CHSP) Zacks Investment Management Increases Stake in Aduro Biotech, Inc. (ADRO) Zacks Investment Management Sells 2,276 Shares of Beacon Roofing Supply, Inc. (BECN) Zacks Investment Management Purchases Shares of 4,625 ITC Holdings Corp. (ITC) American River Bankshares Announces Quarterly Dividend of $0.05 (AMRB) BG Staffing Declares Quarterly Dividend of $0.25 (BGSF) BG Staffing Declares Quarterly Dividend of $0.25 (BGSF) Starbucks Corporation (SBUX) Stake Raised by Crawford Investment Counsel Inc. Rand Wealth LLC Increases Stake in Merck & Company, Inc. (MRK) January 17th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Jeff Wilder Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet Rand Wealth LLC raised its position in Merck & Company, Inc. (NYSE:MRK) by 20.3% during the third quarter, Holdings Channel reports. The fund owned 5,900 shares of the company’s stock after buying an additional 995 shares during the period. Rand Wealth LLC’s holdings in Merck & Company were worth $368,000 at the end of the most recent quarter. Several other institutional investors have also modified their holdings of MRK. Solaris Asset Management LLC boosted its position in shares of Merck & Company by 3.8% in the third quarter. Solaris Asset Management LLC now owns 1,635 shares of the company’s stock valued at $102,000 after buying an additional 60 shares in the last quarter. Acrospire Investment Management LLC boosted its position in shares of Merck & Company by 5.9% in the second quarter. Acrospire Investment Management LLC now owns 1,800 shares of the company’s stock valued at $104,000 after buying an additional 100 shares in the last quarter. Roble Belko & Company Inc boosted its position in shares of Merck & Company by 124.7% in the second quarter. Roble Belko & Company Inc now owns 1,802 shares of the company’s stock valued at $104,000 after buying an additional 1,000 shares in the last quarter. NewSquare Capital LLC boosted its position in shares of Merck & Company by 14.2% in the second quarter. NewSquare Capital LLC now owns 2,104 shares of the company’s stock valued at $121,000 after buying an additional 261 shares in the last quarter. Finally, Pinkerton Retirement Specialists LLC boosted its position in shares of Merck & Company by 1,925.2% in the second quarter. Pinkerton Retirement Specialists LLC now owns 2,248 shares of the company’s stock valued at $130,000 after buying an additional 2,137 shares in the last quarter. 72.40% of the stock is owned by institutional investors. Merck & Company, Inc. (NYSE:MRK) traded down 1.38% during midday trading on Tuesday, hitting $61.48. The stock had a trading volume of 10,592,686 shares. The stock has a market cap of $169.51 billion, a P/E ratio of 31.40 and a beta of 0.77. The company has a 50-day moving average price of $60.72 and a 200-day moving average price of $61.31. Merck & Company, Inc. has a 52 week low of $47.97 and a 52 week high of $65.46. Merck & Company (NYSE:MRK) last announced its quarterly earnings results on Tuesday, October 25th. The company reported $1.07 earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, topping the Thomson Reuters’ consensus estimate of $0.99 by $0.08. Merck & Company had a return on equity of 24.25% and a net margin of 13.76%. The business earned $10.50 billion during the quarter, compared to the consensus estimate of $10.17 billion. During the same quarter in the prior year, the company posted $0.96 earnings per share. Merck & Company’s revenue was up 4.6% compared to the same quarter last year. Equities analysts expect that Merck & Company, Inc. will post $3.79 EPS for the current year. The business also recently declared a quarterly dividend, which was paid on Monday, January 9th. Investors of record on Thursday, December 15th were issued a dividend of $0.47 per share. The ex-dividend date of this dividend was Tuesday, December 13th. This represents a $1.88 annualized dividend and a yield of 3.06%. This is an increase from Merck & Company’s previous quarterly dividend of $0.46. Merck & Company’s dividend payout ratio is 95.92%. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION WARNING: This news story was reported by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are viewing this news story on another site, it was copied illegally and reposted in violation of U.S. & international trademark and copyright laws. The correct version of this news story can be read at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/01/17/rand-wealth-llc-increases-stake-in-merck-company-inc-mrk.html. Several equities analysts have recently weighed in on the stock. Vetr cut shares of Merck & Company from a “hold” rating to a “sell” rating and set a $57.17 price target for the company. in a research note on Wednesday, December 14th. Zacks Investment Research raised shares of Merck & Company from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating and set a $70.00 target price for the company in a research note on Thursday, November 17th. Piper Jaffray Companies raised shares of Merck & Company from a “neutral” rating to an “overweight” rating and set a $72.00 target price for the company in a research note on Thursday, January 12th. Guggenheim raised shares of Merck & Company from a “neutral” rating to a “buy” rating and raised their target price for the company from $61.63 to $70.00 in a research note on Thursday, January 12th. Finally, Leerink Swann reissued a “market perform” rating and issued a $65.00 target price on shares of Merck & Company in a research note on Wednesday, October 12th. Two investment analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, eight have issued a hold rating and thirteen have issued a buy rating to the company. Merck & Company currently has a consensus rating of “Hold” and a consensus target price of $66.34. In other Merck & Company news, EVP Julie L. Gerberding sold 85,523 shares of the company’s stock in a transaction on Monday, November 7th. The stock was sold at an average price of $60.02, for a total value of $5,133,090.46. Following the completion of the transaction, the executive vice president now owns 77,762 shares in the company, valued at approximately $4,667,275.24. The sale was disclosed in a filing with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which can be accessed through the SEC website. Also, Director Rochelle B. Lazarus sold 20,000 shares of the company’s stock in a transaction on Wednesday, November 2nd. The shares were sold at an average price of $59.06, for a total value of $1,181,200.00. Following the completion of the transaction, the director now owns 9,594 shares of the company’s stock, valued at approximately $566,621.64. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Corporate insiders own 0.05% of the company’s stock. About Merck & Company Merck & Co, Inc is a global healthcare company. The Company offers health solutions through its prescription medicines, vaccines, biologic therapies and animal health products, which it markets directly and through its joint ventures. It operates through one segment, Pharmaceutical. The Company’s Pharmaceutical segment includes human health pharmaceutical and vaccine products marketed either directly by the Company or through joint ventures. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding MRK? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Merck & Company, Inc. (NYSE:MRK). Receive News & Ratings for Merck & Company Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Merck & Company Inc. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News President Trump’s Labor Secretary Choice Outsourced Jobs President Trump Agenda: Border Wall and Sanctuary Cities White House Says President Trump Will Not Release His Tax Returns Protesters Plan Big Disruptions for Trump Inauguration Summer Zervos Filing Defamation Suit Against Donald Trump © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy   Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Merck & Company Inc. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Merck & Company Inc. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News RBF Capital LLC Has $694,000 Stake in PGT, Inc. (PGTI) RBF Capital LLC Has $736,000 Position in Cogent Communications Holdings, Inc. (CCOI) J.B. Hunt Transport Services, Inc. (JBHT) Position Decreased by U S Global Investors Inc. Wyndham Worldwide Corp (WYN) Shares Sold by D. E. Shaw & Co. Inc. Owens Corning Inc (OC) Shares Sold by D. E. Shaw & Co. Inc. Palo Alto Networks, Inc. (PANW) Stake Lowered by Nuveen Fund Advisors LLC Rowan Companies PLC (RDC) Shares Sold by Gotham Asset Management LLC Gotham Asset Management LLC Reduces Stake in Best Buy Co., Inc. (BBY) ResMed Inc. (RMD) Position Increased by Gotham Asset Management LLC D. E. Shaw & Co. Inc. Has $42,931,000 Position in Hubbell Inc (HUBB) D. E. Shaw & Co. Inc. Has $42,085,000 Position in Armstrong World Industries Inc (AWI) Recent Research Analysts’ Ratings Changes for Equifax (EFX) Ontario Teachers Pension Plan Board Has $6,997,000 Stake in Intercontinental Exchange Inc. (ICE) Ontario Teachers Pension Plan Board Increases Stake in Kellogg Company (K) Kimco Realty Corporation (KIM) Shares Bought by Ontario Teachers Pension Plan Board Spectra Energy Partners, LP (SEP) Shares Bought by Virtus ETF Advisers LLC Clinton Group Inc. Purchases Shares of 53,215 Phillips 66 (PSX) Clinton Group Inc. Sells 112,392 Shares of Darden Restaurants, Inc. (DRI) The Manufacturers Life Insurance Company Takes Position in Netflix, Inc. (NFLX) Virtus Investment Advisers Inc. Acquires Shares of 25,286 Autodesk, Inc. (ADSK) Granite Investment Partners LLC Has $956,000 Position in Merck & Company, Inc. (MRK) January 17th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Stacy Sanders Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet Granite Investment Partners LLC continued to hold its stake in shares of Merck & Company, Inc. (NYSE:MRK) during the third quarter, Holdings Channel reports. The fund owned 15,312 shares of the company’s stock at the end of the third quarter. Granite Investment Partners LLC’s holdings in Merck & Company were worth $956,000 at the end of the most recent quarter. Other hedge funds have also recently made changes to their positions in the company. Vanguard Group Inc. increased its stake in shares of Merck & Company by 1.9% in the second quarter. Vanguard Group Inc. now owns 174,819,694 shares of the company’s stock worth $10,071,362,000 after buying an additional 3,242,254 shares during the period. BlackRock Institutional Trust Company N.A. increased its stake in shares of Merck & Company by 0.7% in the second quarter. BlackRock Institutional Trust Company N.A. now owns 74,363,785 shares of the company’s stock worth $4,284,098,000 after buying an additional 535,407 shares during the period. Bank of New York Mellon Corp increased its stake in shares of Merck & Company by 2.2% in the third quarter. Bank of New York Mellon Corp now owns 56,714,385 shares of the company’s stock worth $3,539,544,000 after buying an additional 1,235,395 shares during the period. BlackRock Fund Advisors increased its stake in shares of Merck & Company by 4.0% in the second quarter. BlackRock Fund Advisors now owns 44,732,600 shares of the company’s stock worth $2,577,045,000 after buying an additional 1,701,520 shares during the period. Finally, Massachusetts Financial Services Co. MA increased its stake in shares of Merck & Company by 6.2% in the second quarter. Massachusetts Financial Services Co. MA now owns 26,224,184 shares of the company’s stock worth $1,510,776,000 after buying an additional 1,531,565 shares during the period. 72.40% of the stock is currently owned by hedge funds and other institutional investors. Shares of Merck & Company, Inc. (NYSE:MRK) traded down 1.38% on Tuesday, reaching $61.48. 10,592,686 shares of the company were exchanged. The stock has a market capitalization of $169.51 billion, a PE ratio of 31.40 and a beta of 0.77. Merck & Company, Inc. has a 1-year low of $47.97 and a 1-year high of $65.46. The company has a 50-day moving average price of $60.78 and a 200 day moving average price of $61.18. Merck & Company (NYSE:MRK) last posted its quarterly earnings data on Tuesday, October 25th. The company reported $1.07 EPS for the quarter, beating the Zacks’ consensus estimate of $0.99 by $0.08. Merck & Company had a net margin of 13.76% and a return on equity of 24.25%. The company earned $10.50 billion during the quarter, compared to the consensus estimate of $10.17 billion. During the same quarter in the prior year, the company posted $0.96 EPS. The company’s quarterly revenue was up 4.6% compared to the same quarter last year. On average, analysts forecast that Merck & Company, Inc. will post $3.79 EPS for the current fiscal year. The business also recently disclosed a quarterly dividend, which was paid on Monday, January 9th. Stockholders of record on Thursday, December 15th were paid a dividend of $0.47 per share. The ex-dividend date was Tuesday, December 13th. This represents a $1.88 dividend on an annualized basis and a dividend yield of 3.06%. This is an increase from Merck & Company’s previous quarterly dividend of $0.46. Merck & Company’s dividend payout ratio is currently 95.92%. TRADEMARK VIOLATION WARNING: This news story was first published by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are viewing this news story on another publication, it was illegally stolen and reposted in violation of United States & international copyright laws. The correct version of this news story can be read at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/01/17/granite-investment-partners-llc-has-956000-position-in-merck-company-inc-mrk.html. Several research firms have issued reports on MRK. Zacks Investment Research raised shares of Merck & Company from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating and set a $73.00 price objective on the stock in a report on Friday, November 11th. Vetr downgraded shares of Merck & Company from a “buy” rating to a “hold” rating and set a $64.84 price objective on the stock. in a report on Monday, October 10th. Jefferies Group downgraded shares of Merck & Company from a “hold” rating to an “underperform” rating and set a $48.00 price objective on the stock. in a report on Monday, December 19th. Finally, Bryan, Garnier & Co began coverage on shares of Merck & Company in a report on Friday. They set a “buy” rating on the stock. Two research analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, eight have assigned a hold rating and thirteen have given a buy rating to the company’s stock. The company presently has an average rating of “Hold” and a consensus target price of $66.34. In other news, EVP Julie L. Gerberding sold 85,523 shares of the company’s stock in a transaction dated Monday, November 7th. The shares were sold at an average price of $60.02, for a total transaction of $5,133,090.46. Following the completion of the transaction, the executive vice president now owns 77,762 shares of the company’s stock, valued at approximately $4,667,275.24. The transaction was disclosed in a filing with the SEC, which is available at this hyperlink. Also, Chairman Kenneth C. Frazier sold 140,000 shares of the company’s stock in a transaction dated Thursday, November 10th. The shares were sold at an average price of $65.03, for a total transaction of $9,104,200.00. Following the transaction, the chairman now directly owns 514,957 shares of the company’s stock, valued at approximately $33,487,653.71. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Insiders own 0.05% of the company’s stock. About Merck & Company Merck & Co, Inc is a global healthcare company. The Company offers health solutions through its prescription medicines, vaccines, biologic therapies and animal health products, which it markets directly and through its joint ventures. It operates through one segment, Pharmaceutical. The Company’s Pharmaceutical segment includes human health pharmaceutical and vaccine products marketed either directly by the Company or through joint ventures. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding MRK? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Merck & Company, Inc. (NYSE:MRK). Receive News & Ratings for Merck & Company Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Merck & Company Inc. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News President Trump’s Labor Secretary Choice Outsourced Jobs President Trump Agenda: Border Wall and Sanctuary Cities White House Says President Trump Will Not Release His Tax Returns Protesters Plan Big Disruptions for Trump Inauguration Summer Zervos Filing Defamation Suit Against Donald Trump © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Contact Us Journalists Blog Log In Sign Up Send a Release News Solutions Resources Search News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News dansk Deutsch español Français italiano Nederlands norsk português suomeksi svenska Agenus announces collaboration with the National Cancer Institute to evaluate the combination of Pembrolizumab (Keytruda®, Merck & Co., Inc.) with Prophage™ (Agenus Inc.) autologous vaccine News provided by Agenus Inc. Jan 17, 2017, 09:00 ET Share this article LEXINGTON, Mass., Jan. 17, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- Agenus Inc. (NASDAQ: AGEN), an immuno-oncology company with a pipeline of immune checkpoint antibodies and cancer vaccines, today announced a clinical trial collaboration with the National Cancer Institute (NCI). The double-blind, randomized controlled Phase 2 trial will evaluate the effect of Agenus' personalized autologous vaccine candidate, Prophage™ (HSPPC-96), in conjunction with Merck's pembrolizumab on the overall survival rate of patients with newly diagnosed glioblastoma (ndGBM). The trial will be conducted by the Brain Tumor Trials Collaborative (BTTC), a consortium of top academic centers led by Dr. Mark Gilbert, Chief of the Neuro-Oncology Branch at the NCI Center for Cancer Research. The trial aims to assess the efficacy of PD-1 targeted checkpoint blockade in combination with a heat-shock protein based vaccine candidate in an indication in which this vaccine has shown improved progression-free survival, as presented at ASCO 2015. It is a two-arm trial with one arm receiving pembrolizumab as a monotherapy and a second arm receiving both Prophage and pembrolizumab in combination. Forty-five patients will be randomly assigned to each arm. Under this collaboration, Agenus will supply Prophage™, Merck will provide pembrolizumab (Keytruda®) and NCI and BTTC member sites will recruit patients and conduct the trial. About Prophage™ Prophage is an individualized autologous vaccine candidate derived from proteins extracted from the patient's tumor. The vaccine candidate consists of heat shock protein peptide complexes that include the chaperone gp-96 (HSPPC-96) naturally bound to tumor protein fragments. Administration of HSPPC-96 bearing the precise antigenic fingerprint of the patient's particular cancer represents an effective immune education strategy that enhances recognition of a tumor as 'non-self' leading to a potent anti-tumor immune response. In a Phase 2 study of Prophage monotherapy, patients with ndGBM exhibited an improved progression-free and overall survival as compared to historical control with standard of care. About KEYTRUDA® (pembrolizumab) KEYTRUDA is a humanized monoclonal antibody that works by increasing the ability of the body's immune system to help detect and fight tumor cells. KEYTRUDA blocks the interaction between PD-1 and its ligands, PD-L1 and PD-L2, thereby activating T lymphocytes which may affect both tumor cells and healthy cells.  KEYTRUDA is indicated for the treatment of patients with unresectable or metastatic melanoma; for the first-line treatment of patients with metastatic non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC) whose tumors have high PD-L1 expression (TPS ≥50%) as determined by an FDA-approved test, with no EGFR or ALK genomic tumor aberrations and upon disease progression on or after platinum-containing chemotherapy in patients with NSCLC whose tumors express PD- L1 (TPS ≥1); and for the treatment of patients with recurrent or metastatic head and neck squamous cell carcinoma (HNSCC) with disease progression on or after platinum-containing chemotherapy.  KEYTRUDA is administered as an intravenous infusion every three weeks for the approved indications. For Safety and Prescribing Information for KEYTRUDA (pembrolizumab), please see  http://www.merck.com/product/usa/pi_circulars/k/keytruda/keytruda_pi.pdf   About Agenus Agenus is a clinical-stage immuno-oncology company focused on the discovery and development of novel therapies that engage the body's immune system to fight cancer. The Company's vision is to expand the patient populations benefiting from cancer immunotherapy by pursuing a number of combination approaches that leverage a broad repertoire of antibody therapeutics and proprietary cancer vaccine platforms. The Company is equipped with a suite of antibody discovery platforms and a state-of-the-art GMP manufacturing facility with the capacity to support pre-commercial clinical programs. Agenus is based in Lexington, MA. For more information, please visit www.agenusbio.com; information that may be important to investors will be routinely posted on our website. About Merck For 125 years, Merck has been a global health care leader working to help the world be well. Merck is known as MSD outside the United States and Canada. Through its prescription medicines, vaccines, biologic therapies, and animal health products, Merck works with customers and operates in more than 140 countries to deliver innovative health solutions. Merck also demonstrates its commitment to increasing access to health care through far-reaching policies, programs and partnerships. For more information, visit www.merck.com and connect with Merck on Twitter, Facebook, YouTube and LinkedIn. About BTTC BTTC was created as a network of medical centers with the expertise and strong desire to participate in state-of-the-art clinical trials investigating new treatments for malignant brain tumors. Several additional brain cancer-focused medical centers have since joined the BTTC. These institutions will allow patients across a broad geographic range to participate in cutting-edge clinical trials and more rapidly determine the benefits of various therapies. Forward Looking Statements This press release contains forward-looking statements that are made pursuant to the safe harbor provisions of the federal securities laws, including statements regarding the Company's product candidates and clinical trial plans. These forward-looking statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially. These risks and uncertainties include, among others, the factors described under the Risk Factors section of our most recent Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q or Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Agenus cautions investors not to place considerable reliance on the forward-looking statements contained in this release. These statements speak only as of the date of this press release, and Agenus undertakes no obligation to update or revise the statements, other than to the extent required by law. All forward-looking statements are expressly qualified in their entirety by this cautionary statement. Contact: Agenus Inc. Michelle Linn, 781-674-4541 michelle.linn@agenusbio.com   To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/agenus-announces-collaboration-with-the-national-cancer-institute-to-evaluate-the-combination-of-pembrolizumab-keytruda-merck--co-inc-with-prophage-agenus-inc-autologous-vaccine-300391721.html SOURCE Agenus Inc. Related Links http://www.agenusbio.com Nov 30, 2016, 08:50 ET Preview: Agenus Announces Commencement of Phase 1/2 Clinical Trial of anti-OX40 Checkpoint Antibody INCAGN1949 in Patients with Solid Tumors My News Release contains wide tables. View fullscreen. Also from this source Nov 30, 2016, 08:50 ETAgenus Announces Commencement of Phase 1/2 Clinical Trial of... Nov 14, 2016, 08:50 ETAgenus to Present at the Jefferies 2016 London Healthcare... Explore More news releases in similar topics Biotechnology Health Care & Hospitals Pharmaceuticals Joint Ventures Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries You just read: Agenus announces collaboration with the National Cancer Institute to evaluate the combination of Pembrolizumab (Keytruda®, Merck & Co., Inc.) with Prophage™ (Agenus Inc.) autologous vaccine News provided by Agenus Inc. Jan 17, 2017, 09:00 ET Share this article Looking to send a news release with PR Newswire? Take advantage of the world's leading distribution platform. Sign up to get started Request more information Have an account? Log In Phone 8AM - 10PM ET +1-888-776-0942 Send a Release Sign Up Blog For Journalists Contact Us Search Searching for your content... Advanced Search Contact 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Chat Online with an Expert Contact Us Solutions Cision Communication Cloud™ For Marketers For Public Relations For IR & Compliance For Agency For Small Business All Products About About PR Newswire About Cision Become a Publishing Partner Become a Channel Partner Careers   Global Sites Asia Brazil Canada Europe Finland France India Israel Mexico Middle East Netherlands Sweden United Kingdom My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Terms of Use Privacy Policy Information Security Policy Statement Site Map RSS Feeds Copyright © 2017 PR Newswire Association LLC. All Rights Reserved. A Cision company. News Solutions Resources News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News dansk Deutsch español Français italiano Nederlands norsk português suomeksi svenska Phone +1-888-776-0942 8AM - 10PM ET Chat Chat Online with an Expert All contact info Send a ReleaseLog In
Contact Us Journalists Blog Log In Sign Up Send a Release News Solutions Resources Search News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News dansk Deutsch español Français italiano Nederlands norsk português suomeksi svenska Merck Opens Production Facility Exclusively for Meglumine in Spain English Deutsch Français Español - Regulatory compliant, FDA-audited facility based in Mollet des Vallès, Spain - The only facility in Europe solely dedicated to meglumine production News provided by Merck Jan 17, 2017, 08:00 ET Share this article DARMSTADT, Germany, Jan. 17, 2016 /PRNewswire/ -- Merck, a leading science and technology company, today announced the opening of a facility in Mollet des Vallès, Spain dedicated to the manufacture of meglumine, an FDA-approved excipient for pharmaceuticals and a component of medical imaging contrast media. The facility, validated by the FDA, is the only location in Europe that manufactures meglumine, an amino sugar derived from glucose.  The facility in Spain is solely dedicated to the production of meglumine, thereby ensuring continuity of supply to customers as well as meeting increasing demand for the excipient. As an excipient, meglumine interacts directly with active pharmaceutical ingredients to increase solubility. Therefore, the manufacture of meglumine must meet the same stringent regulatory and quality requirements as APIs. Continue Reading Merck's new regulatory compliant, FDA-audited facility in Mollet des Vallès, Spain is the only facility in Europe solely dedicated to meglumine production (PRNewsFoto/Merck) "Our new facility was optimized around the manufacturing process to achieve greater efficiencies and meets the most stringent quality standards for manufacturing meglumine," said Andrew Bulpin, Head of Process Solutions Strategic Marketing & Innovation, Life Science.  "The result is a high level of confidence in quality and security of supply for our customers." All Merck news releases are distributed by email at the same time they become available on the Merck website. Please go to www.merckgroup.com/subscribe to register online, change your selection or discontinue this service. About Merck Merck is a leading science and technology company in healthcare, life science and performance materials. Around 50,000 employees work to further develop technologies that improve and enhance life – from biopharmaceutical therapies to treat cancer or multiple sclerosis, cutting-edge systems for scientific research and production, to liquid crystals for smartphones and LCD televisions. In 2015, Merck generated sales of € 12.85 billion in 66 countries. Founded in 1668, Merck is the world's oldest pharmaceutical and chemical company. The founding family remains the majority owner of the publicly listed corporate group. The company holds the global rights to the Merck name and brand. The only exceptions are the United States and Canada, where the company operates as EMD Serono, MilliporeSigma and EMD Performance Materials. To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/merck-opens-production-facility-exclusively-for-meglumine-in-spain-300383530.html SOURCE Merck Related Links http://www.merckgroup.com Jan 17, 2017, 08:00 ET Preview: Merck abre en España un centro de producción exclusivamente de meglumina Jan 10, 2017, 17:27 ET Preview: A Merck Expande os Centros de Biodesenvolvimento End-to-End na América do Norte, China e Europa My News Release contains wide tables. View fullscreen. Also from this source Jan 17, 2017, 08:00 ETMerck ouvre une installation de production exclusivement dédiée à... Jan 17, 2017, 08:00 ETMerck eröffnet in Spanien Betrieb für Exklusiv-produktion von... Explore More news releases in similar topics Biotechnology Health Care & Hospitals Medical Pharmaceuticals Corporate Expansion You just read: Merck Opens Production Facility Exclusively for Meglumine in Spain News provided by Merck Jan 17, 2017, 08:00 ET Share this article Looking to send a news release with PR Newswire? Take advantage of the world's leading distribution platform. Sign up to get started Request more information Have an account? Log In Phone 8AM - 10PM ET +1-888-776-0942 Send a Release Sign Up Blog For Journalists Contact Us Search Searching for your content... Advanced Search Contact 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Chat Online with an Expert Contact Us Solutions Cision Communication Cloud™ For Marketers For Public Relations For IR & Compliance For Agency For Small Business All Products About About PR Newswire About Cision Become a Publishing Partner Become a Channel Partner Careers   Global Sites Asia Brazil Canada Europe Finland France India Israel Mexico Middle East Netherlands Sweden United Kingdom My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Terms of Use Privacy Policy Information Security Policy Statement Site Map RSS Feeds Copyright © 2017 PR Newswire Association LLC. All Rights Reserved. A Cision company. News Solutions Resources News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News dansk Deutsch español Français italiano Nederlands norsk português suomeksi svenska Phone +1-888-776-0942 8AM - 10PM ET Chat Chat Online with an Expert All contact info Send a ReleaseLog In
Volg ons op: APS Nieuwsmanager login | Cision Communication Cloud™ login | English Home Diensten Verstuur direct een persbericht De media bereiken? Nieuwswaardige content creëren? Media-aandacht monitoren en analyseren Workshops & events Inspiratie Gepubliceerde persberichten Hoe schrijf je een effectief persbericht Verhalen van klanten Over ons Over ANP Pers Support Waarom kies jíj voor ANP Pers Support? Reacties van klanten Vacatures Contact Maak een afspraak Persbericht laten beoordelen Persbericht versturen Home/ Persberichten/ Merck Opens Production Facility Exclusively for Meglumine in Spain Merck Opens Production Facility Exclusively for Meglumine in Spain dinsdag 17 januari 2017 14:01 Economie Dit is een origineel bericht van PR Newswire - Regulatory compliant, FDA-audited facility based in Mollet des Vallès, Spain - The only facility in Europe solely dedicated to meglumine production DARMSTADT, Germany, Jan. 17, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- Merck [http://www.merckgroup.com/en/index.html], a leading science and technology company, today announced the opening of a facility in Mollet des Vallès, Spain dedicated to the manufacture of meglumine, an FDA-approved excipient for pharmaceuticals and a component of medical imaging contrast media. Photo - http://mma.prnewswire.com/media/451652/Merck___Mollet_facility.jpg [http://mma.prnewswire.com/media/451652/Merck___Mollet_facility.jpg] The facility, validated by the FDA, is the only location in Europe that manufactures meglumine, an amino sugar derived from glucose. The facility in Spain is solely dedicated to the production of meglumine, thereby ensuring continuity of supply to customers as well as meeting increasing demand for the excipient. As an excipient, meglumine interacts directly with active pharmaceutical ingredients to increase solubility. Therefore, the manufacture of meglumine must meet the same stringent regulatory and quality requirements as APIs. "Our new facility was optimized around the manufacturing process to achieve greater efficiencies and meets the most stringent quality standards for manufacturing meglumine," said Andrew Bulpin, Head of Process Solutions Strategic Marketing & Innovation, Life Science [http://www.emdgroup.com/emd/products/life_science/life_science.html]. "The result is a high level of confidence in quality and security of supply for our customers." All Merck news releases are distributed by email at the same time they become available on the Merck website. Please go to www.merckgroup.com/subscribe [http://www.merckgroup.com/subscribe] to register online, change your selection or discontinue this service. About MerckMerck is a leading science and technology company in healthcare, life science and performance materials. Around 50,000 employees work to further develop technologies that improve and enhance life - from biopharmaceutical therapies to treat cancer or multiple sclerosis, cutting-edge systems for scientific research and production, to liquid crystals for smartphones and LCD televisions. In 2015, Merck generated sales of EUR 12.85 billion in 66 countries.Founded in 1668, Merck is the world's oldest pharmaceutical and chemical company. The founding family remains the majority owner of the publicly listed corporate group. The company holds the global rights to the Merck name and brand. The only exceptions are the United States and Canada, where the company operates as EMD Serono, MilliporeSigma and EMD Performance Materials. Photo: http://mma.prnewswire.com/media/451652/Merck___Mollet_facility.jpg Merck CONTACT: Neetha Mahadezan, +49 6151 72 6328 Web site: http://www.merckgroup.com/ PR Newswire Dit persbericht is via ANP Pers Support naar internationale (vak en online) media gestuurd. Heb je nieuws voor buitenlandse journalisten? Bekijk dan onze mogelijkheden of neem contact met ons op. Andere persberichten van deze organisatie IBA Molecular Acquires Mallinckrodt Nuclear Imaging to Create World-Class Radiopharmaceuticals Group vrijdag 27 januari 2017 21:40 Sandhills East Acquires Key Brands In France's Commercial Trucking, Agriculture & Construction Industries, Adds New Office Location In France vrijdag 27 januari 2017 20:03 Jacoti Named as Global Mobile Awards 2017 Nominee for the Best Use of Mobile for Accessibility & Inclusion Category vrijdag 27 januari 2017 14:48 Best Businesses Honoured at Exclusive Event in Stockholm vrijdag 27 januari 2017 13:10 Verstuur nu éénmalig een persbericht Verstuur persberichten en beeldmateriaal naar redacties in binnen- en buitenland. Via het ANP-net, het internationale medianetwerk van PR Newswire of met een perslijst op maat. Direct persbericht versturen Contact Verrijn Stuartlaan 7 2288 EK Rijswijk 070 - 41 41 234 Follow us Ontvang onze nieuwsbrief Blijf op de hoogte en schrijf je in. Home Diensten Inspiratie Over ons Contact Algemene voorwaarden APS Direct Login ANP Pers Support is onderdeel van ANP en PR Newswire 070 - 41 41 234
Regulatory News Search Search Products & Services    News Releases Close Send a release Become a client For journalists Global sites Asia Brazil Canada Finland France India Israel Mexico Netherlands Sweden United States See more news releases in Biotechnology | Health Care & Hospitals | Medical Pharmaceuticals | Corporate Expansion Merck Opens Production Facility Exclusively for Meglumine in Spain Translations: English Español Español Download image - Regulatory compliant, FDA-audited facility based in Mollet des Vallès, Spain - The only facility in Europe solely dedicated to meglumine production DARMSTADT, Germany, Jan. 17, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- Merck, a leading science and technology company, today announced the opening of a facility in Mollet des Vallès, Spain dedicated to the manufacture of meglumine, an FDA-approved excipient for pharmaceuticals and a component of medical imaging contrast media. Photo - http://mma.prnewswire.com/media/451652/Merck___Mollet_facility.jpg The facility, validated by the FDA, is the only location in Europe that manufactures meglumine, an amino sugar derived from glucose.  The facility in Spain is solely dedicated to the production of meglumine, thereby ensuring continuity of supply to customers as well as meeting increasing demand for the excipient. As an excipient, meglumine interacts directly with active pharmaceutical ingredients to increase solubility. Therefore, the manufacture of meglumine must meet the same stringent regulatory and quality requirements as APIs. "Our new facility was optimized around the manufacturing process to achieve greater efficiencies and meets the most stringent quality standards for manufacturing meglumine," said Andrew Bulpin, Head of Process Solutions Strategic Marketing & Innovation, Life Science.  "The result is a high level of confidence in quality and security of supply for our customers." All Merck news releases are distributed by email at the same time they become available on the Merck website. Please go to www.merckgroup.com/subscribe to register online, change your selection or discontinue this service. About Merck Merck is a leading science and technology company in healthcare, life science and performance materials. Around 50,000 employees work to further develop technologies that improve and enhance life – from biopharmaceutical therapies to treat cancer or multiple sclerosis, cutting-edge systems for scientific research and production, to liquid crystals for smartphones and LCD televisions. In 2015, Merck generated sales of € 12.85 billion in 66 countries. Founded in 1668, Merck is the world's oldest pharmaceutical and chemical company. The founding family remains the majority owner of the publicly listed corporate group. The company holds the global rights to the Merck name and brand. The only exceptions are the United States and Canada, where the company operates as EMD Serono, MilliporeSigma and EMD Performance Materials. SOURCE Merck RELATED LINKS http://www.merckgroup.com More by this Source Merck and Genea Open Centre of Excellence for Fertility 20 Jan, 2017, 10:40 GMT Merck ouvre une installation de production exclusivement dédiée à la méglumine en Espagne 17 Jan, 2017, 13:00 GMT Merck eröffnet in Spanien Betrieb für Exklusiv-produktion von Meglumin 17 Jan, 2017, 13:00 GMT View all news by Merck Journalists and Bloggers Visit PR Newswire for Journalists for releases, photos and customised feeds just for media. View and download archived video content distributed by MultiVu on The Digital Center. Next in Biotechnology News   Get content for your website Enhance your website's or blog's content with PR Newswire's customised real-time news feeds. Start today.       Contact PR Newswire Send us an email at MarketingUK@prnewswire.co.uk or call us at +44 (0)20 7454 5382       Become a PR Newswire client Request more information about PR Newswire products & services or call us at +44 (0)20 7454 5382     Products & Services Knowledge Centre Browse News Releases Meet the Media Contact PR Newswire About PR Newswire Contact PR Newswire PR Newswire's Terms of Use Apply Privacy and Cookie Policy Site Map RSS Feeds Blog Copyright © 2017 PR Newswire Association LLC. All Rights Reserved. A Cisioncompany. Powered by Clickability.
PMGroup PME Communiqué The Directory Quality in Care How to Advertise Privacy and cookies My Account Register Please login to the form below Not currently logged in Email: Password: I have forgotten my password PME Communiqué The Directory Opening up market access The Heart of the Matter Advanced search Home News Intelligence Thought leadership Appointments Awards Blogs Clinical Top Pharma List PMHub Jobs News Research Sales Marketing Regulatory Healthcare Jobs and recruitment Trending PMEA 2016 results AstraZeneca's durvalumab trial Novartis biosimilar sales Lilly's solanezumab results in Alzheimer's Remicade-biosimilar switch trial Merck forges cancer-focused big data alliance with Palantir Plans to develop a collaborative analytics platform to accelerate research and improve outcomes German drugmaker Merck KGaA took another step forward in its bid to become a digital health giant, inking a big data partnership with California's Palantir Technologies. Under the terms of the deal, Merck will use Palantir's advanced data analytics capabilities to "more rapidly develop and deliver medicines and commercialize new products to achieve better patient outcomes". "Biomedical research generates unprecedented volumes of rapidly evolving data every day," said Merck in a statement. "But accessing, learning from, and expanding on those assets has become a huge bottleneck in scientists' ability to bring new innovations from the bench to the bedside." Merck will work with Palantir on cancer therapies in the first instance, with the aim of developing a collaborative data and analytics platform for the drug development processes that will give researchers new understanding of how new medicines work. Palantir contends that many scientists in pharma companies struggle with unstructured data and information silos that "reduce creativity and limit researchers' corrective analyses". The data analytics and sharing platform will help Merck researchers analyse real-world and bioinformatics data so they can "understand the patients who may benefit most" from a treatment. The alliance also has a patient-centric component, and according to Merck will improve the experience of patients using its products, improve adherence as well as provide feedback on real-world efficacy. Finally, the two companies will collaborate on a platform that will allow improved global supply chain forecasting and help to get medicines to patients who need them around the world as quickly as possible. Neither company has disclosed any financial details on the deal. Merck has made digital a core part of its strategy in healthcare, setting up incubator schemes in Germany, the US and Africa to seek out and fund promising start-up projects. In addition to the new Palantir collaboration, Merck has signed a deal with Stanford Graduate School of Business, allowing Merck executives to tap into the academic centre's expertise with training on innovation and digitalisation. The latest agreements come shortly after Merck signed a licensing agreement with Vertex Pharmaceuticals giving it rights to four cancer candidates in return for an upfront payment of $230m. Digital inspiration for pharma on mobile, social media, strategy, best practice, regulations and more Please enable JavaScript to view the comments. Article by Phil Taylor 17th January 2017 From: Research, Sales Share  Print Friendly Tags Related content Pfizer’s venture capital arm has invested in AMRA, a Swedish digital health firm that was the first in the world to transform images from a six-minute whole body MRI scan into precise fat and muscle measurements. The reality of real-world evidence Opdivo drives growth at BMS, but US sales slow down AZ drug discovery robot programed for cancer research Real-world evidence Related Hub content 2017 Trends Reports Web Summit Lisbon: Technology trends that will impact pharma The 2017 trends issue of Perspective magazine is live Smart connections with a human touch emotive expands its Digital Marketing team PME Digital Edition Featured jobs Regional Managing Director/ ASIA CEO –Healthcare Advertising Age... Salary TBC Scientific Lead - Med Comms Great salary and benefits Senior Medical Writer, Medical Communications, London Excellent package PRINCIPAL MEDICAL WRITER or ETL - OUTSTANDING OPPORTUNITY - MEDI... Salary TBC Senior Account Manager / Jr AD - Consumer & Prescription – H... Salary TBC Managing Director – Healthcare PR and Communications Agency – Lo... Neg Associate Medical Writer – Postdoc opportunity to enter Medical ... Competitive Medical Writer/ Copywriter, Medcomms to Brandcomms, London Competitive Salary Publications Manager – Med Comms Salary TBC Account Director – Med Comms – Oxford Salary TBC Principal Medical Writer, Medical Communications, London Excellent package Editorial Projects Lead, Medical Communications, NW UK Excellent package Global CEO, Healthcare Advertising/ Brand Communications, East C... Substantial Package Account Executive / Senior Account Executive - Oxford - Medical ... Salary TBC Project Director – Med Comms – Surrey Salary TBC Senior Account Manager or Account Director, Healthcare PR/ Commu... c£45 -55, 000 SAE & Account Manager - Victoria – Healthcare Advertising Salary TBC Senior Director – Medical Education - Global Agency Salary TBC Senior Medical Writer, Principal Medical Writer, Editorial Team ... £40000 - £75000 Bonus Benefits Subscribe to our email news alerts Most read Most shared Latest content Real-world evidence Two new hepatitis C therapies fast-tracked in Europe UK pharma slams new drug evaluation plans J&J pondering future of diabetes device assets Novartis 'reviewing options' for Alcon division Fishawack undergoes management buyout 2017 Trends Reports Opdivo drives growth at BMS, but US sales slow down NICE U-turn on Imbruvica sees the leukaemia therapy backed for NHS use Celgene pays $300m upfront for immunology start-up Delinia The reality of real-world evidence AXON Communications boosts senior team PMHubAdd my company Any category... Advertising Branding Clinical research Conferences meetings events Creative and design Digital communications Homecare Industry associations IT solutions Management consultancies Manufacturing packaging logistics Market access Market research Marketing consultancies Media planning and buying Medical communications Medical education Patient support and adherence Pharmacy Print services Policy and government affairs Public relations Publishers Recruitment and career development Regulatory affairs Research and development Sales Training Translation services Page & Page Page & Page is a new kind of marketing communications consultancy. We change beliefs and behaviours to improve health outcomes... Latest intelligence 2017 Trends Reports GSW and InVentiv Health Communications are pleased to release the 6th installment of the Trends report series, consisting of four reports: Consumer, Digital, Communications and Healthcare... 10 tips on Transcreation We have put together a few pointers that you should consider for the process of transcreation.... Smart connections with a human touch Simon Young, Director at Blue Latitude Health, discusses how advances in technology are influencing the future of the expert-patient relationship and why healthcare businesses must evaluate how best to support... Quick links Country reports Digital Handbook The Gallery Healthcare glossary How to advertise HTA guidance tracker Orphan drugs and rare diseases PME supplements Social media hub Webinars Infographics Multimedia<> Webinar: Customer engagement design Communiqué Awards 2015: Winners in pictures Communiqué Awards 2015: Gallery PMEA 2015: Winners in pictures PMEA 2015: Pictures About us Contact us How to advertise Site map All content copyright © PMGroup Worldwide Ltd 2017
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy   Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Merck & Company Inc. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Merck & Company Inc. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Fuller & Thaler Asset Management Inc. Acquires 2,304,519 Shares of Verifone Systems, Inc. (PAY) Blackstone Group L.P. Invests $13,851,000 in Take-Two Interactive Software, Inc. (TTWO) TPG Group Holdings SBS Advisors Inc. Cuts Position in Continental Building Products, Inc. (CBPX) TPG Group Holdings SBS Advisors Inc. Sells 3,273 Shares of LinkedIn Corp (LNKD) National Asset Management Inc. Has $858,000 Position in Medtronic PLC (MDT) E.W. Scripps Company (The) (SSP) Shares Bought by Blackstone Group L.P. Blackstone Group L.P. Maintains Stake in NantHealth Inc (NH) Fuller & Thaler Asset Management Inc. Has $59,582,000 Stake in Cabot Corporation (CBT) Fuller & Thaler Asset Management Inc. Sells 9,719 Shares of MTS Systems Corporation (MTSC) Fuller & Thaler Asset Management Inc. Sells 494,508 Shares of El Paso Electric Company (EE) Fuller & Thaler Asset Management Inc. Decreases Position in Brink’s Company (The) (BCO) Cheniere Energy Partners LP Holdings LLC (CQH) Position Cut by Blackstone Group L.P. Highbridge Capital Management LLC Invests $13,667,000 in InterXion Holding N.V. (INXN) Highbridge Capital Management LLC Has $14,245,000 Position in Dr Pepper Snapple Group, Inc (DPS) Owens Corning Inc (OC) Position Increased by Highbridge Capital Management LLC Toronto Dominion Bank (The) (TD) Position Increased by Moors & Cabot Inc. Moors & Cabot Inc. Decreases Stake in Eversource Energy (ES) Moors & Cabot Inc. Has $925,000 Stake in Fidelity National Information Services, Inc. (FIS) Northrop Grumman Corporation (NOC) Stake Raised by Moors & Cabot Inc. Capital World Investors Continues to Hold Position in Rockwell Automation, Inc. (ROK) Train Babcock Advisors LLC Has $769,000 Stake in Merck & Company, Inc. (MRK) January 16th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Stacy Sanders Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet Train Babcock Advisors LLC increased its stake in Merck & Company, Inc. (NYSE:MRK) by 1.8% during the third quarter, Holdings Channel reports. The institutional investor owned 12,324 shares of the company’s stock after buying an additional 220 shares during the period. Train Babcock Advisors LLC’s holdings in Merck & Company were worth $769,000 at the end of the most recent quarter. A number of other hedge funds and other institutional investors also recently modified their holdings of the company. Ameriprise Financial Inc. increased its position in shares of Merck & Company by 24.1% in the second quarter. Ameriprise Financial Inc. now owns 22,992,642 shares of the company’s stock valued at $1,324,996,000 after buying an additional 4,468,488 shares in the last quarter. Bank of Montreal Can bought a new position in shares of Merck & Company during the second quarter valued at approximately $250,542,000. Boston Partners increased its position in shares of Merck & Company by 23.8% in the second quarter. Boston Partners now owns 19,034,299 shares of the company’s stock valued at $1,096,566,000 after buying an additional 3,655,639 shares in the last quarter. Vanguard Group Inc. increased its position in shares of Merck & Company by 1.9% in the second quarter. Vanguard Group Inc. now owns 174,819,694 shares of the company’s stock valued at $10,071,362,000 after buying an additional 3,242,254 shares in the last quarter. Finally, BlackRock Fund Advisors increased its position in shares of Merck & Company by 4.0% in the second quarter. BlackRock Fund Advisors now owns 44,732,600 shares of the company’s stock valued at $2,577,045,000 after buying an additional 1,701,520 shares in the last quarter. Institutional investors and hedge funds own 72.40% of the company’s stock. Merck & Company, Inc. (NYSE:MRK) traded up 0.21% during midday trading on Monday, hitting $62.34. The company had a trading volume of 9,969,105 shares. The stock has a 50 day moving average price of $60.78 and a 200 day moving average price of $61.18. Merck & Company, Inc. has a 52 week low of $47.97 and a 52 week high of $65.46. The company has a market capitalization of $171.88 billion, a P/E ratio of 31.84 and a beta of 0.77. Merck & Company (NYSE:MRK) last posted its earnings results on Tuesday, October 25th. The company reported $1.07 EPS for the quarter, topping analysts’ consensus estimates of $0.99 by $0.08. The company had revenue of $10.50 billion for the quarter, compared to the consensus estimate of $10.17 billion. Merck & Company had a return on equity of 24.25% and a net margin of 13.76%. The firm’s revenue for the quarter was up 4.6% on a year-over-year basis. During the same period in the previous year, the business earned $0.96 earnings per share. Equities analysts forecast that Merck & Company, Inc. will post $3.79 earnings per share for the current fiscal year. The business also recently disclosed a quarterly dividend, which was paid on Monday, January 9th. Shareholders of record on Thursday, December 15th were given a dividend of $0.47 per share. The ex-dividend date was Tuesday, December 13th. This is an increase from Merck & Company’s previous quarterly dividend of $0.46. This represents a $1.88 dividend on an annualized basis and a yield of 3.02%. Merck & Company’s dividend payout ratio is 95.92%. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION WARNING: This news story was first reported by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are accessing this news story on another website, it was copied illegally and republished in violation of US & international trademark and copyright laws. The correct version of this news story can be read at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/01/16/train-babcock-advisors-llc-has-769000-stake-in-merck-company-inc-mrk.html. Several analysts have weighed in on MRK shares. Vetr raised Merck & Company from a “strong sell” rating to a “sell” rating and set a $52.95 price target on the stock in a report on Monday, January 2nd. Bank of America Corporation raised Merck & Company from a “neutral” rating to a “buy” rating and raised their price target for the company from $57.00 to $70.00 in a report on Thursday, October 13th. Zacks Investment Research cut Merck & Company from a “buy” rating to a “hold” rating in a report on Thursday, November 10th. Jefferies Group cut Merck & Company from a “hold” rating to an “underperform” rating and set a $48.00 price target on the stock. in a report on Monday, December 19th. Finally, Barclays PLC reaffirmed an “overweight” rating on shares of Merck & Company in a report on Wednesday, October 12th. Two investment analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, eight have issued a hold rating and thirteen have issued a buy rating to the company’s stock. Merck & Company has a consensus rating of “Hold” and an average price target of $66.34. In other Merck & Company news, Director Rochelle B. Lazarus sold 20,000 shares of the company’s stock in a transaction that occurred on Wednesday, November 2nd. The stock was sold at an average price of $59.06, for a total transaction of $1,181,200.00. Following the sale, the director now directly owns 9,594 shares in the company, valued at $566,621.64. The sale was disclosed in a document filed with the SEC, which is available at the SEC website. Also, Chairman Kenneth C. Frazier sold 140,000 shares of the company’s stock in a transaction that occurred on Thursday, November 10th. The shares were sold at an average price of $65.03, for a total value of $9,104,200.00. Following the sale, the chairman now owns 514,957 shares in the company, valued at $33,487,653.71. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Company insiders own 0.05% of the company’s stock. About Merck & Company Merck & Co, Inc is a global healthcare company. The Company offers health solutions through its prescription medicines, vaccines, biologic therapies and animal health products, which it markets directly and through its joint ventures. It operates through one segment, Pharmaceutical. The Company’s Pharmaceutical segment includes human health pharmaceutical and vaccine products marketed either directly by the Company or through joint ventures. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding MRK? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Merck & Company, Inc. (NYSE:MRK). Receive News & Ratings for Merck & Company Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Merck & Company Inc. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News President Trump’s Labor Secretary Choice Outsourced Jobs President Trump Agenda: Border Wall and Sanctuary Cities White House Says President Trump Will Not Release His Tax Returns Protesters Plan Big Disruptions for Trump Inauguration Summer Zervos Filing Defamation Suit Against Donald Trump © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Bloomberg the Company & Its ProductsBloomberg Anywhere Remote LoginBloomberg Anywhere LoginBloomberg Terminal Demo Request Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Philanthropy & Engagement Bloomberg London Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Bloomberg Tradebook Bloomberg Briefs Bloomberg Indices Bloomberg SEF Bloomberg Institute Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center Enterprise Products Enterprise Solutions Trading Solutions Bloomberg Vault Bloomberg PolarLake Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps News Bureaus Media Services Bloomberg Live Conferences Bloomberg Media Distribution Advertising Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Philanthropy & Engagement Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Bloomberg London Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps News Bureaus Media Services Advertising Bloomberg Media Distribution Bloomberg Live Conferences Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Bloomberg Tradebook Bloomberg Briefs Bloomberg Indices Bloomberg SEF Bloomberg Institute Enterprise Products Enterprise Solutions Trading Solutions Bloomberg Vault Bloomberg PolarLake Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center MENU Homepage Markets Stocks Currencies Commodities Rates + Bonds Economics Magazine Benchmark Watchlist Economic Calendar Tech U.S. Global Startups Cybersecurity Digital Media Bloomberg Technology TV Hello World Studio 1.0 Pursuits Cars & Bikes Style & Grooming Spend Watches & Gadgets Food & Drinks Travel Real Estate Art & Design Politics With All Due Respect Global Risk Briefing How We’ll Know if Trump Is Making America Great Again Tracking Trump’s Web of Conflicts The Inauguration of Donald J. Trump On the March in Trump’s Capital Opinion View Gadfly Businessweek Subscribe Cover Stories Opening Remarks Etc Features 85th Anniversary Issue Behind The Cover More Science + Energy Graphics Game Plan Small Business Personal Finance Inspire GO The David Rubenstein Show Sponsored Content Bloomberg About The Company Sign In Sign In AstraZeneca's Catch-Up Strategy is Falling Behind By Max Nisen Photographer: Jerry Markland Health Max Nisen Max Nisen is a Bloomberg Gadfly columnist covering biotech, pharma and health care. He previously wrote about management and corporate strategy for Quartz and Business Insider. Follow @MaxNisen Facebook Twitter Email Print Share Jan 18, 2017 3:27 PM EST MERCK & CO. INC. +0.55 At Closing, Jan 27th 61.75 USD The fallout from Merck's cancer-treatment coup continues. Merck & Co. Inc. stunned pharma last week with news its combination of an immune-boosting cancer drug and chemotherapy may get early FDA approval to treat lung cancer. Now it seems this development might hurt AstraZeneca PLC's efforts to quickly gain relevance in immune-oncology (IO), one of its biggest potential growth avenues. On Tuesday, Astra announced changes to a key IO clinical trial that may further delay its market arrival and curtail its opportunity.  Spurned AstraZeneca's shares have languished since the company fought off a Pfizer acquisition attempt Source: Bloomberg In 2014, as Pfizer Inc. was trying to buy it, AstraZeneca pledged to hit $45 billion in revenue by 2023. That target has since shifted to $40-41 billion to reflect a stronger dollar. Even with that slight downgrade, such numbers are increasingly hard to take as anything but bravado -- particularly with the recent patent expirations of Nexium and Crestor, which brought in an estimated $6 billion in revenue in 2016. That's Not 40! Analysts are skeptical of AstraZeneca's ability to reach $40 billion revenue in 2023 Source: Bloomberg One of Astra's chosen paths to $40 billion was to become a major player in the rapidly growing IO market, which neared $10 billion in total sales last year. This approach was always a longshot, though; Bristol-Myers Squibb Co., Roche Holding AG, and Merck already have drugs on the market approved to treat multiple cancers, while Astra's lead drug durvalumab is still awaiting its first approval.  Astra's strategy for jumping ahead of all that competition depended on the next frontier for these promising drugs: combining them with others to boost effectiveness. Its biggest bet is on a combination of durvalumab with another IO drug called tremelimumab. This approach accounts for a substantial majority of Astra's IO trials.  Before Tuesday, Astra had been expected to report Phase 3 data on its drug combo early this year in lung cancer and use that data to file for FDA approval. The trial changes announced Tuesday will push that Phase 3 data release until later this year, and Astra may not be able to file for approval until 2018. Astra also started an extra trial testing durvalumab alone, a somewhat puzzling move for a company that has been so combo-focused.  Merck's strategy of combining IO with chemo was already a competitive threat to Astra's approach -- IO-plus-chemo seems safer than IO/IO combos, and nearly as effective. Adding a long FDA approval delay to the mix will make it even harder for Astra to play catch-up.    Running Late AstraZeneca's entry in the red-hot market for immune-oncology drugs is expected to come in a distant fourth place Source: Bloomberg It's hard to imagine Astra's decision to change its trials wasn't based partly on the knowledge that it needs to top Merck's risk-benefit ratio to stay competitive. Astra's trial changes give it more options and likely reduce the likelihood of an outright disaster, such as Bristol-Myers's failure to get its IO drug, Opdivo, approved for newly diagnosed lung-cancer patients due to overly aggressive trial design. That misstep knocked $20 billion off Bristol-Myers's market cap in one August day. But the delay puts Astra in a difficult position. Its near-term opportunity is curtailed by Merck's head start. It may have to contend with a similar approach to Merck's from Roche. And it no longer seems as likely to get to market ahead of Bristol-Myers -- which is taking the exact same IO/IO approach in the near term -- to the combination market.  And its long-term opportunity may be cut down by newer approaches -- such as Merck's combination of its IO drug Keytruda with a different type of IO drug from Incyte -- that may be substantially more effective. Astra's trial tweaks are an important acknowledgement that things have changed. But the degree of the company's focus on these combos means that a broader strategic rethink in cancer might be needed. This column does not necessarily reflect the opinion of Bloomberg LP and its owners. To contact the author of this story: Max Nisen in New York at mnisen@bloomberg.net To contact the editor responsible for this story: Mark Gongloff at mgongloff1@bloomberg.net Over It Over It Honeywell cut its overall revenue guidance for 2017 and investors were unfazed as they focused on other things Source: Bloomberg Bottom Line Honeywell Delivers Where It Counts Industrials Brooke Sutherland Weak Spot Google Has a Chink in Its Ad Armor Tech Shira Ovide Share Of Memory Chip Business Toshiba Might Sell 20% Yum Toshiba Chips Make for Tasty Chinese Takeout Tech Tim Culpan Mo' Money Mo' Money The swell of assets chasing hedge fund strategies has been too much for the industry to bear Source: Bloomberg Smart Money Harvard Goes Back to Hedge Fund Basics Markets Nir Kaissar Publicis shares, intraday +1.01% Au Revoir Levy Ends an Era Management Leila Abboud Hello ECB We Have a Problem With You Here Hello ECB We Have a Problem With You Here Inflation is anathema to Germans and with elections this September the heat is on Source: Bloomberg Big Jump German Inflation's Back. Look Out, Bonds Markets Marcus Ashworth Rearview Mirror Rearview Mirror Favored sectors for buyout deals may be completely different under a new tax code, compared to last year Source: Preqin Private Equity Online *Data is global. 54% of all private equity-backed buyout deals in 2016 were for assets located in North America Code Blues Private Equity's Taxing Times Deals Gillian Tan Happy Days Happy Days Tesco needs Booker to kickstart its stalling recovery Source: Bloomberg Intelligence, Company Reports Excludes sales paid for using vouchers Left-Field Deal Tesco's Cunning Succession Plan Consumer Andrea Felsted Caffeine Jolt Caffeine Jolt Starbucks shares posted their first annual drop since 2008 but still outperformed the restaurant industry Source: Bloomberg Drip, drip A Slow Brew at Starbucks Consumer Shelly Banjo Bad News Bad News Wealth-management worries hit UBS' share price on Friday, dragging down rival Credit Suisse Intraday times are displayed in ET. Swiss Banking UBS Misses Out on the Trump Bump Finance Lionel Laurent Defying Gravity Defying Gravity India's top three private-sector lenders have consistently boosted their net interest margins to a point where investors underestimate the likelihood of a compression Source: Bloomberg *Data are for standalone banks. Mirror, Mirror Ugly's Coming for India's Best Banks Finance Andy Mukherjee Gambling Whale Gambling Whale More than a third of Macau's hotel rooms are in Sands China properties Source: Company reports and websites cheap shot Don't Bet Against Adelson Consumer David Fickling Value of Ant Financial's purchase of MoneyGram $880M Better Together Alibaba, U.S. Have Aligned Interests Tim Culpan Consecutive Quarters of 13%+ Net Revenue Growth at Alphabet 12 Your Ad Here Google Rides One-Trick Pony Tech Shira Ovide Ailing Ailing Shares of Bristol-Myers Squibb took another hit after it lowered guidance for 2017 Source: Bloomberg Prey Time Bristol-Myers Goes From Hunter to Target Health Max Nisen Air Products' bid premium to Yingde stock 17% Failure to Launch Someone Should Goad Yingde Deals Nisha Gopalan The Next $100 Billion Deal Charter? Tuning In Verizon's Pipe Dream Deals Tara Lachapelle Back It Up Back It Up Caterpillar is trading at a premium to its average Ebitda valuation over the past five years, despite repeated efforts to indicate how struggles in its main markets will persist throughout the year Source: Bloomberg Listen Up Hey Investors, Caterpillar Is Talking to You Industrials Brooke Sutherland Money Flows Money Flows China's Ant Financial is acquiring MoneyGram, which many immigrants use to transfer money from the U.S. back home to their families. Here are the world's top 10 remittance-receiving countries: Source: World Bank MoneyGram Deal Jack Ma Takes Aim at Trump's Wall Deals Tara Lachapelle Trump Droptimism Trump Droptimism Biotech shares and the stock of the leading independent pharmacy benefit manager soared with Donald Trump's election, but have given those gains back as he has proven to be less friendly than expected Source: Bloomberg Nudge Report Tom Price Cracks the Drug-Price Negotiation Door Health Max Nisen Losing Ground Losing Ground Unilever's stale strategy has opened up its gap with Nestle Source: Bloomberg Too Much Fat Unilever Drags its Feet Consumer Andrea Felsted J&J is paying $30 billion Scarcity Value J&J Wrung Out Health Chris Hughes EBay 4Q gross merchandise volume $22.3 billion Window Dressing EBay, Time to Go Shopping Consumer Shelly Banjo Two Step Two Step Ericsson and Nokia shares have been slammed as sales declined by double digits last year. Source: Bloomberg Impatient Capitalism Ericsson Needs to Get Its Skates On Tech Leila Abboud The Crude Effect on Russia The Crude Effect on Russia As oil has recovered so has the ruble Source: Bloomberg Party Like a Russian Russia's Smoldering Bond Romance Markets Marcus Ashworth
About Future Staff Contact Privacy Policy Search for: Select Press Releases Home / Press Releases / Connect with DrugDev at the SCOPE Summit for Clinical Operations Executives for Engaging Customer-Led Panel Discussions and the Anticipated Reveal of DrugDev Spark™ Connect with DrugDev at the SCOPE Summit for Clinical Operations Executives for Engaging Customer-Led Panel Discussions and the Anticipated Reveal of DrugDev Spark™ Posted on January 18, 2017 by Benzinga Full Feed in Press Releases Conceptual image of a businessman holding big hammer Premier Sponsor DrugDev will demo its unified, clinical operations suite, present key sessions, and host the annual pre-conference kickoff party with Praxis, INC Research and CHI KING OF PRUSSIA, PA (PRWEB) January 18, 2017 DrugDev customers are primed to disrupt clinical operations again at the CHI SCOPE Summit for Clinical Ops Executives (Hyatt Regency Miami, January 24-26). DrugDev will join customers including Pfizer, Merck, and AstraZeneca in engaging panel discussions to examine vital clinical research issues such as trial performance metrics, patient enrollment diversity, protocol optimization, and global site selection. At key sessions during SCOPE, DrugDev will introduce its definitive eConsent solution (via the recent acquisition of SecureConsent) and officially unveil the much-anticipated DrugDev Spark™, which over 100 clinical leaders were able to preview at the 2016 DrugDev User Summit (hosted by Merck). DrugDev also will co-host the annual SCOPE kickoff happy hour with Praxis, INC Research and CHI ([RSVP). Click here to schedule a hands-on demonstration of technology to transform your clinical trials at booth #400. SCOPE sessions featuring DrugDev experts and customers include: Tuesday, January 24 11:40am: Christopher Conklin, Pfizer – “Site-Level vs. Study Level Trial Performance Metrics – Is there a Difference?” 2:30pm: Marisa Rackley, Merck – “Operationalizing Diversity Initiatives in Clinical Research; A Hep C Story” 2:55pm: Robert Loll, Praxis; Fabian Sandoval MD, Emerson Clinical Research Institute; Karen Brooks, Adare Pharmaceuticals ; and Marisa Rackley, Merck – “Improving Patient Diversity in Clinical Trials with Real-Time Enrollment Monitoring” 3:55pm: Marisa Rackley, Merck and Karen Brooks, Adare Pharmaceuticals – “Understanding and Implementing the New Reality of Diversity in Clinical Trials” Claire Sears PhD, DrugDev Director of Data Solutions; Shawn Tedman, UCB BioSciences; and Kate Zarish, AbbVie – “Optimizing Country and Site Selection: Strategies for Positioning Trials for Success Using a Global Footprint” Wednesday, January 25 7:30am: Eric Delente, DrugDev President, Patient Engagement – “eConsent: Putting ‘Informed’ Back in Informed Consent” 9:20am: Edward Manello, AstraZeneca – “The Global Investigator Pool: How Close Are We to Knowing the Full Picture?” 11:40am: Christopher Conklin, Pfizer; Marisa Rackley, Merck; Stella Stergiopoulos, Tufts University; and Edward Manello, AstraZeneca –“Clinical Trial Feasibility, Evidence-based Recommendations & Protocol Optimization” 12:05pm: Brett Kleger, DrugDev Chief Commercial Officer – “Introducing DrugDev Spark™ – Technology to Transform Clinical Operations” DrugDev President and CEO Ibraheem “Ibs” Mahmood said, “The industry has demanded a unified clinical suite with solutions proven to add value on thousands of trials. Based on the tremendous response of customers at our own User Summit, I’m genuinely excited to unveil the beautiful technology experience known as DrugDev Spark™ to the larger SCOPE community. I’m also honored to see our subject matter experts partner with so many innovative clinical research leaders and sites in such important panel sessions. It’s no wonder we look forward to SCOPE every year as a tremendous opportunity to connect and learn from the people who are always looking for meaningful ways to improve clinical research and bring more new treatments to patients and families worldwide.” About DrugDev DrugDev’s unified clinical suite enables sponsors, CROs and sites to do more trials through industry-wide collaboration, standardization and a beautiful technology experience. Featuring solutions for global site payments, site identification and activation, workflow optimization, learning management, and site and patient engagement, DrugDev helps companies transform the quality and efficiency of clinical trials from startup through closeout. The company also powers the revolutionary TransCelerate Investigator Registry and Investigator Databank collaborations with the universal identifier known as the DrugDev Golden Number. Learn more at http://www.drugdev.com. For the original version on PRWeb visit: http://www.prweb.com/releases/2017/01/prweb13988001.htm Latest News ADS Controls Acquired by Dixon Valve & Coupling Company Software Company Anahata Announces IRC Location for Open-Source Support New Wax-Only Franchise Opens in Alpharetta, GA Greenberg Traurig’s Shareholder Danielle N. Garno Appointed to the Children’s Home Society of Florida Statewide Board SHAREHOLDER ALERT: Pomerantz Law Firm Reminds Shareholders with Losses on their Investment in General Cable Corporation of Class Action Lawsuit and Upcoming Deadline – BGC SHAREHOLDER ALERT: Pomerantz Law Firm Reminds Shareholders with Losses on their Investment in PayPal Holdings, Inc., eBay, Inc. of Class Action Lawsuit and Upcoming Deadline – PYPL, EBAY SHAREHOLDER ALERT: Pomerantz Law Firm Reminds Shareholders with Losses on their Investment in Rent-A-Center, Inc. of Class Action Lawsuit and Upcoming Deadline – RCII SHAREHOLDER ALERT: Pomerantz Law Firm Reminds Shareholders with Losses on their Investment in Universal Health Services, Inc. of Class Action Lawsuit and Upcoming Deadline – UHS SHAREHOLDER ALERT: Pomerantz Law Firm Reminds Shareholders with Losses on their Investment in Illumina, Inc. of Class Action Lawsuit and Upcoming Deadline – ILMN Green Solar Technologies Announces Partnership with Generac Power Systems © 2015 SSUChronicle. All rights reserved. Top Optimization WordPress Plugins & Solutions by W3 EDGE
SUNDAY TIMES - Drugmakers in Davos shift focus to chronic diseases of poor
                 
                 
        	
            
        196.34.62.59 Times Live The Times Rewards Subscribe Login Close Please enter your login details Email Password New Subscriber Forgot Password / Username? Existing Subscriber? Free Digital Upgrade Please verify your details Name Surname Email Password Contimue News Investigations The Power Report Best of International Opinion & Analysis Sport Soccer Rugby Cricket Business Careers Investments Opinion Lifestyle Entertainment Opinion Weddings Books Travel Photographer of the Year Competition Home & Decor Gardening Food Recipes Fashion Beauty Competitions Multimedia Search News Opinion & Analysis Sport Business Lifestyle Travel Home & Decor Food Fashion & Beauty Real Heroes Competitions Multimedia Contact Us Sunday Times Subscribe Facebook Twitter Settings Instagram Settings Search Login Close News Opinion & Analysis Sport Business Lifestyle Travel Decor Fashion & Beauty Food Loading Ajax Cape Town confirm the signing of winger Sameehg Doutie More arrests loom after probe into fraud at licensing centres: MEC Gay man, you're on your own: Homophobic Christians and hypocrisy go hand in hand The Big Read: The rush to cry 'racism!' exposes the hypocrites Behardien rues SA's missed opportunities after just about everything that could go wrong did How to make authentic dumplings for Chinese New Year, step-by-step Movie review: joyful 'La La Land' will put a song in your heart Series review: Netflix's 'Lemony Snicket's A Series of Unfortunate Events' By age 6, girls think boys are smarter than they are Sunday Times Business By Ben Hirschler, 2017-01-18 10:31:18.0 Drugmakers in Davos shift focus to chronic diseases of poor Two decades after they were spurred into action to tackle AIDS in Africa, global drugmakers said on Wednesday they would invest $50 million over three years to fight cancer and other non-communicable diseases in poor countries. Image: iStock Two decades after they were spurred into action to tackle AIDS in Africa, global drugmakers said on Wednesday they would invest $50 million over three years to fight cancer and other non-communicable diseases in poor countries. Twenty-two companies, including Pfizer, Merck , Novartis, Roche, Sanofi and GlaxoSmithKline, will contribute funds and expertise to the project, which is backed by the World Bank. The so-called Access Accelerated initiative was announced at the World Economic Forum in Davos and aims to improve both treatment and prevention. In the past, the focus of healthcare in poorer parts of the world has been on fighting infectious diseases, whether through vaccinations, drug programmes or the roll-out of anti-malarial bednets. Today, however, the healthcare burden is shifting as deaths from these conditions decline and people in increasingly urbanised populations succumb to diseases such as cancer, diabetes, and heart and lung disorders fuelled by Western lifestyles. Asia takes lead at Davos Such non-communicable diseases (NCDs) are responsible for nearly 70 percent of all deaths worldwide and almost three quarters of them occur in low- and middle-income countries, according to the World Health Organization. Severin Schwan, the chief executive of Roche, the world's largest maker of cancer drugs, said his company and others were already implementing preferential pricing for the developing world but cost was only one obstacle. Countries in Africa, Asia and Latin America also need improved healthcare systems if patients are to benefit from the latest developments in medicine. "It has a lot to do with hospital infrastructure. You can't administer modern cancer medicines if you don't have sophisticated lab facilities," he told Reuters. "We're going to institutionalise cooperation in this area." Cancer is the initial focus and drug companies will work with the Union for International Cancer Control to test out new diagnostics and treatments in several cities around the world on a pilot basis. - Reuters Don't miss out on this story Login, upgrade or subscribe to continue reading. Login Email Password Forgot Username/Password? Login failed. Your username or password is incorrect Subscribe now Print + Digital + Rewards for R107/month. Subscribe Sunday Times print subscriber? Upgrade now to get a FREE digital subscription. Don't miss out on this story Login, upgrade or subscribe to continue reading. Login Subscribe Now Sunday Times print subscriber? Upgrade now to get a FREE digital subscription. You might also like Follow China’s example and lift Africa out of poverty‚ sustainability forum told Johnson & Johnson says to buy pharma group Actelion for $30 bn ‘If companies can’t mine safely‚ they shouldn’t be mining at all’ - Zwane on stoppages 330 jobs on the line as Sibanye merges Kroondal and Rustenburg mines Fica bill is constitutional say top lawyers Sibanye claims R26.8m from Zwane and inspectors Britain's Brexit plans unlikely to be slowed by Article 50 defeat Want to make your pile from Airbnb? Here's where to buy AB InBev to slash manager jobs in SA Beer giant AB InBev trims the fat at SABMiller Lonmin surfaces after five hard years Plan to enforce auditor rotation in SA puts big business in flat spin Emerging markets' turn will come again Goodbye to the big green, and Ye'llo MTN Price wars: saving the king of savings Saving for a purpose, with a little help from friends Before self-drive cars comes your talkative robot co-driver Consumer confidence index not as bad as the '80s, but it's not far off Previous Next Is Test = Times Media Group © Sat Jan 28 04:57:34 SAST 2017 Times Media Group. All rights reserved. Use of this site constitutes acceptance of our Terms & Conditions and Privacy Policy.
Weather Your 4-day local weather forecast Saturday January 28, 2017 News Business Larger / SmallerNight Mode Collateral damage a risk from Bionomics board row Brian Robins 26 Mar 2016, 12:15 a.m. Dissdent shareholders, directors on the backfoot and a chief executive with a lot of sway. Collateral damage a risk from Bionomics board row Bionomics chief executive Deborah Rathjen is caught up in the board room brawl. Photo: Luis Enrique Ascui Bionomics chairman Graeme Kaufman is looking over his shoulder. Photo: Arsineh Houspian Tweet Facebook of ╳ exit Biotechnology is the one section of the ASX where women have broken through the glass ceiling, with a large number of female chief executives in the sector. And of all the women running successful biotech outfits, Deborah Rathjen is the most experienced. She has been chief executive of Bionomics since 2000, having been appointed to the position just months after it went public. She cut her teeth successfully fighting a patent claim against German giant BASF for a compound that helped develop the arthritis treatment drug Humira. Now she is caught up in a bitter fight with shareholders, after they slapped down her board earlier in March by blocking the issue of warrants to US investors that formed part of a deeply unpopular $US12 million discounted placement in December. CVC, a 5 per cent shareholder in Bionomics, is seeking now to axe two board members, with chairman Graeme Kaufman and Trevor Tappenden in its sights. Other investors, such as Platinum International's healthcare fund and Ausbil, are more circumspect, supporting the board renewal but preferring a more measured approach. For a company worth $150 million on a good day, the damage to Bionomics' reputation from the board fight will be deep and long lasting, and highlights the downside of investing in biotech stocks, where there is the need to get research runs on the board, as well as ensure sharemarket valuations are sustained. But research takes time. "Ten years in biotechnology is nothing," one global investor said of the sector. "The assets are good, the technology is good but Bionomics has shown it doesn't understand how to look after shareholders," one disaffected shareholder said. "It is one thing to have a good company but you can be undone by how you use – and raise – capital. "It has been going sideways for many years. The December raising says a lot about how it has failed its shareholders." While there is support for board change, there is concern that losing the chief executive could be collateral damage. "There is the need to ensure management is not rattled," Ausbil's equities head Paul Xiradis, who has a 5.7 per cent stake, said. "I'm all for change at the board," said Bianca Ogden, who runs Platinum International's healthcare fund and is anxious for the board to find someone with international drug development experience to join. "I would be very worried about losing Deborah Rathjen." At issue is the close relationship with global pharmaceutical giant Merck, which took shares in Bionomics in 2015, and which is partnering with Bionomics in two drug development programs that could be worth hundreds of millions of dollars to Bionomics if they succeed. "Establishing strong long-term external collaborations is central to our business development strategy," Dr Iain Dukes, senior vice-president business development and licensing at Merck Research Laboratories, said. "We have been impressed with the progress made by Bionomics to date on both our cognition and pain programs and look forward to advancing these programs further." Dr Rathjen's success in duchessing Merck, which she has brought on to the share register, has put her in a powerful position, which might also have created some of the board room imbalance. "Where you have such a longstanding chief executive, then the board is largely created by and influenced by the chief executive. It now needs to demonstrate it has good, strong new directors not chosen by the chief executive," the dissident shareholder said. Standing alongside CVC in agitating for change is one of the country's richest businessmen, Laurence Freedman, the former fund manager who has been a Bionomics shareholder for 17 years. Best known these days for supporting animal rights, he studied science at university before falling into the finance sector, after arriving in Australia with $100. "I probably have $150 I my pocket now," he says. He says he has regularly sought to engage with Bionomics' board of directors but has been rebuffed, even though he has a 7 per cent holding. "Bionomics is chronically undervalued – it's never been near its deemed value,'' he says, criticising the board for its lack of "skin in the game". "I came here with nothing. To achieve what I've achieved, yet I'm not competent to become a single board member, when I'm the largest shareholder . . . I'd like a rational answer." He has withstood pressure to go on the Bionomics board previously and is deeply uncertain about putting himself forward this time. Equally, a deal could be patched up to avoid the public brawling before it goes to shareholders for a vote. "We would like to see this resolved without going to an EGM," Sandy Beard, of CVC, said. Venture capital investor George Jessup, who at one point a few years ago controlled more than a fifth of the capital, said: "If they brought in two new directors who understood shareholder value, then I'd be interested in investing in the company on a personal basis." The story Collateral damage a risk from Bionomics board row first appeared on The Sydney Morning Herald. Latest News Donald Trump has no better friend than Australia Alleged child sex predator Peter Scully dealt legal blow as police apprehend key witness Man dead after truck rolls over on Kings Highway Terror financing expert Loretta Napoleoni on rise of kidnapping and why Donald Trump might be the cure 'Very sneaky': Hanson dumps One Nation candidate over article Editor's Picks Popular Multimedia +more multimedia stories Photos Video Interactive #TCMF2017: The Cavalcade | Photos, Video All the photos from the annual country music cavalcade. Rafa sets up Federer showdown Rafa Nadal has fended off Grigor Dimitrov in a marathon semi-final on Friday to set up a dream ... The week in pictures: January 28, 2017 The best photos by Fairfax photographers from across the country. The best of Tamworth Country Music Festival | DAY 8, PHOTOS You don't know country music until you've been here. Contact Us About Us Advertising Privacy Policy Conditions of Use Copyright © 2017. Fairfax Media. Fairfax Media Front Page News Loading... Sport Loading... Opinion Loading... Community Loading... Life & Style Loading... Entertainment Loading... Classifieds Loading... Multimedia Loading... Front Page News Local News Latest News National World Business Politics Regional Focus Sport Local Sport NRL AFL Tournament NRL Tournament Opinion Letters Polls Community Events Photo Sales Annual Business Awards Annual Business Awards - Vote here Competitions Search Local Products & Services Myall Coast Nota News Local Business Feature Life & Style Education Food & Wine Health Home & Garden Money Parenting Pets & Animals Relationships Technology Travel Entertainment Books Celebrity Games Sudoku TV & Movies TV Guide Classifieds Real Estate Jobs Cars Notices Place your own classified Ag and Rural Tributes Multimedia Photos Video Interactive Search NewsBusiness Smartphone Tablet - Narrow Tablet - Wide Desktop
Skip to Content American Heart Association Learn and Live Local Info Languages Careers Volunteer Donate Search Heart.org Search Get Your Local Info Find out what is happening at your local American Heart area Search By Zipcode Search by State SELECT YOUR LANGUAGE Español (Spanish) 简体中文 (Traditional Chinese) 繁体中文 (Simplified Chinese) Tiếng Việt (Vietnamese) Healthy Living for Heart.org Conditions for Heart.org Caregiver for Heart.org Professional for Heart.org Research for Heart.org Educator for Heart.org CPR & ECC for Heart.org Shop for Heart.org Causes for Heart.org Advocate for Heart.org Giving for Heart.org Media for Heart.org Focus on Quality Quality Map Quality Research & Publications Quality Research Publications Quality Research Abstracts Presented at Conferences Quality Research Learn about Research Projects and Opportunities Quality Research - Accessing Vast Program Databases Young Investigator Research Opportunities Quality Research-Related Tools and Resources ASPIRE Alliance Webinars e-Communications Sign Up for Focus on Quality e-Communications hospitalaccreditation.heart.org Hospital Accreditation & Certification Advanced Certification in Heart Failure Comprehensive Stroke Center Certification Primary Stroke Center Certification Heart Attack (STEMI) Receiving Center Accreditation Heart Attack (STEMI) Referring Center Accreditation Heart-Check Hospitals See More of Hospital Accreditation & Certification Get With The Guidelines Get With The Guidelines-AFIB Get With The Guidelines-AFIB Infographic Joining Forces for Atrial Fibrillation Patients Introducing the Get With The Guidelines-AFIB Ablation Feature Get With The Guidelines®-AFIB Overview Get With The Guidelines®-AFIB Join Us! Get With The Guidelines®-AFIB Patient Management Tool Get With The Guidelines®-AFIB Clinical Tools Get With The Guidelines®-AFIB Recognition Get With The Guidelines-HF Get With The Guidelines-Heart Failure Reasons Why 2 Get With The Guidelines®-Heart Failure Reasons Why Resources Get With The Guidelines®-Heart Failure Overview Join Get With The Guidelines-Heart Failure Get With The Guidelines®-HF Patient Management Tool Get With The Guidelines®-HF Clinical Tools Library Recognition from Get With The Guidelines®-HF Target: HF Get With The Guidelines - Resuscitation Get With The Guidelines®-Resuscitation Overview Get With The Guidelines®-Resuscitation Patient Management Tool Get With The Guidelines®-Resuscitation Join Us! Get With The Guidelines®-Resuscitation Clinical Tools Get With The Guidelines®-Resuscitation Recognition Criteria Get With The Guidelines®-Resuscitation Professional Education Recognition from Get With The Guidelines®-Resuscitation Get With The Guidelines-Stroke Get With The Guidelines®-Stroke Overview Recognition from Get With The Guidelines®-Stroke Get With The Guidelines®-Stroke Patient Management Tool Get With The Guidelines®-Stroke Clinical Tools Target: Stroke Mission: Lifeline About Mission Lifeline Mission: Lifeline for EMS Mission: Lifeline for Referring Hospitals Mission: Lifeline for Receiving Hospitals Mission: Lifeline for Participating Organizations Systems of Care Register Your System of Care System Improvement Tools and Resources Mission: Lifeline Tools and Resources for EMS Mission: Lifeline Tools and Resources for Referring Hospitals Mission: Lifeline Tools and Resources for Receiving Hospitals News and Announcements Recognition Mission: Lifeline EMS Recognition Mission: Lifeline® Hospital Awards Accreditation The Guideline Advantage About The Guideline Advantage How to Participate Resources News & Updates FAQ Contact Us Get With The Guidelines®-Stroke Overview Updated:Jan 18,2017     Healthier patients. Healthier hospitals. Get With The Guidelines®-Stroke is an in-hospital program for improving stroke care by promoting consistent adherence to the latest scientific treatment guidelines. Since its initiation in 2003, 1,656 hospitals have entered more than two million patient records into the Get With The Guidelines-Stroke database. Numerous published studies demonstrate the program's success in achieving measurable patient outcome improvements. But patients aren't the only ones who benefit. Get With The Guidelines-Stroke supports hospitals in many ways, including: access to the most up-to-date research and scientific publications professional education opportunities, such as workshops and webinars clinical tools and resources patient education resources QI field staff support a competitive advantage in the healthcare marketplace national and local recognition for hospital team program achievement  submission of CMS Core Stroke Measures and other data  performance feedback reporting for continuous quality improvement Data submission and feedback reporting are performed using the American Heart Association’s Patient Management Tool™ (PMT), an online, interactive system provided by Quintiles Real World & Late Phase Research.  Download the Get With The Guidelines-Stroke fact sheets for more information. Stroke fact sheet (PDF): View the achievement, quality, reporting, and descriptive measures reported on via Get With The Guidelines-Stroke. Comprehensive Stroke fact sheet (PDF) : View the 14 pilot Comprehensive Stroke Center metrics reported on via Get With The Guidelines-Stroke. These Comprehensive Stroke measures were developed by the Get With The Guidelines expert leaders to help support hospital processes and aspects of care that are strongly supported by science. CRF (PDF) 30-day Follow Up Form (PDF)  12 Steps for Getting Started Contact your local Get With The Guidelines representative.  Assemble your multidisciplinary team. As a team, review your hospital’s standing orders and processes. View a demonstration and sign up to use the Patient Management Tool. Determine roles and processes for entering patient data. Enter 30 records into the PMT to assess your treatment rates. This will become your baseline. Identify areas for improvement. Refine processes and protocols to ensure they are in line with the guidelines.  Brainstorm with your team to find ways to improve your hospital’s treatment rates. Test your ideas. Remember that changes do not have to be large. Sometimes it works best to start small and build on success. Repeat steps 8 and 9 until your team is happy with your treatment rates and your hospital is eligible for recognition.  Celebrate your successes and spread the word! Get With The Guidelines - Stroke has been funded in the past through support from Janssen Pharmaceuticals and has been funded in the past through support from Boeringher-Ingelheim and Merck. Research Opportunity Overview Researchers also have the opportunity to conduct investigator led research projects using data from the Get With The Guidelines®-Stroke program. Research projects are hypothesis-driven studies that are developed into manuscripts suitable for peer-reviewed publication. For an overview of data housed in the Stroke Patient Management Tool, please refer to the Stroke CRF (PDF). To submit a research proposal for the Get With The Guidelines®-Stroke program, email a completed Get With The Guidelines Data Request Form (Document) to QualityResearch@heart.org. Get With The Guidelines®-Stroke Focus on Quality Return to Get With The Guidelines-Stroke Home  Find Out What the Program Does for Hospitals and Patients Submit Data and Track Performance in the Patient Management Tool  Put Our Collection of Clinical Tools to Work See Proof of Effectiveness in Scientific Publications  Explore Professional Education Workshops and Webinars Patient Learn to Help Themselves with Educational Materials  Earn Public Recognition for Your Achievement Use Our Media Kit to Raise Awareness of Your Quality Commitment Target: Stroke Best Practices Center This site is for both new Get With The Guidelines® users and existing users who want to sustain and enrich the quality they’ve already achieved through best practices. Popular Articles 1 Understanding Blood Pressure Readings 2 Sodium and Salt 3 What are the Symptoms of High Blood Pressure? 4 All About Heart Rate (Pulse) 5 How to Eat Healthy 6 Heart Attack Symptoms in Women 7 Low Blood Pressure - When Blood Pressure Is Too Low 8 Tachycardia | Fast Heart Rate 9 Warning Signs of a Heart Attack 10 Angina (Chest Pain) *Red Dress ™ DHHS, Go Red ™ AHA ; National Wear Red Day® is a registered trademark. This site complies with the HONcode standard for trustworthy health information: verify here.
Home Mail Search News Cricket Movies Lifestyle Celebrity Flickr Mobile Answers More Yahoo Search Search Mail News Home Follow us YEAR IN REVIEW 2016 National World Finance Cricket Lifestyle Sports Good News Videos Autos Drugmakers in Davos shift focus to chronic diseases of poor By Ben Hirschler Reuters18 January 2017 Reblog Share Tweet Share By Ben Hirschler DAVOS, Switzerland (Reuters) - Two decades after they were spurred into action to tackle AIDS in Africa, global drugmakers said on Wednesday they would invest an initial $50 million over three years to fight cancer and other non-communicable diseases in poor countries. Twenty-two companies, including Pfizer, Merck, Novartis, Roche, Sanofi and GlaxoSmithKline, will contribute funds and expertise to the project, which is backed by the World Bank. The so-called Access Accelerated initiative was announced at the World Economic Forum in Davos and aims to improve both treatment and prevention. In the past, the focus of healthcare in poorer parts of the world has been on fighting infectious diseases, whether through vaccinations, drug programs or the roll-out of anti-malarial bednets. Today, however, the healthcare burden is shifting as deaths from these conditions decline and people in increasingly urbanized populations succumb to diseases such as cancer, diabetes, and heart and lung disorders fueled by Western lifestyles. Such non-communicable diseases (NCDs) are responsible for nearly 70 percent of all deaths worldwide and almost three quarters of them occur in low- and middle-income countries, according to the World Health Organization. Severin Schwan, the chief executive of Roche, the world's largest maker of cancer drugs, said his company and others were already implementing preferential pricing for the developing world but cost was only one obstacle. Countries in Africa, Asia and Latin America also need improved healthcare systems if patients are to benefit from the latest developments in medicine. "It has a lot to do with hospital infrastructure. You can't administer modern cancer medicines if you don't have sophisticated lab facilities," he told Reuters. "We're going to institutionalize cooperation in this area." Cancer is the initial focus and drug companies will work with the Union for International Cancer Control to test out new diagnostics and treatments in several cities around the world on a pilot basis. Sanofi CEO Olivier Brandicourt said the $50 million commitment - a relatively small sum for an industry with global sales of around $1 trillion a year - was just a start. "The $50 million is more like seeding funding, if you want, and based on the results we'll gather afterwards we will have a more ambitious program with more stakeholders between 2020 and 2030," he said. (Editing by Mark Potter) Reblog Share Tweet Share What to read next OMG! Bobby Deol was to be Jab We Met's hero but Imtiaz Ali naiyo'd him India Today Always be trading with every possible advantage. Fidelity InvestmentsSponsored Sanjay Leela Bhansali thrashed on Padmavati sets for allegedly distorting history India Today CBSE changes dates of Class X, XII examination India Today Mental Harassment For Pregnant Deepika Singh. What A Shame! Spotboye 7 Outrageous Cards For Those With Excellent Credit NextAdvisorSponsored Delhi: CCTV cameras capture mother throwing her two-year-old son off the stairs Catch News Newborn with heart ailment to be cured at AIIMS after Sushma Swaraj's intervention Ani Amitabh Bachchan’s Reaction After Watching Shah Rukh Khan’s Raees Business of Cinema A $500 Credit Card Intro Bonus Has Been Announced NextAdvisorSponsored How to use Fenugreek Seeds for Diabetes Practo Miss Universe beauty pageant kicks off in Manila Reuters Rahul announces Amarinder as Congress' in Punjab IANS India Private Limited The Travel Rewards From These 2 Cards Are Insane CreditCards.comSponsored Raees Heroine Mahira Khan In Santacruz, Mumbai! How did it happen? Spotboye India vs England, 1st T20I Stats: Virat Kohli’s unwanted record and Eoin Morgan’s milestone Sportskeeda Help Privacy Suggestions Terms
Jump to main navigationJump to main content News Search News by eluta.ca Search Jobs at eluta.ca Jobs Login Register 18  Toronto Subscribe Help AdChoices Home News Opinion Business Investing Sports Life Arts Tech Drive Real Estate Streetwise Economy International Industry News Small Business Commentary Careers Magazine U.S. Europe Asia Pacific Latin America Africa & Mideast Home» Report on Business» International Business» European Business A WEF sign hangs in the Congress Center as an attendee browses a mobile device between sessions during the World Economic Forum (WEF) in Davos, Switzerland, on Wednesday, Jan. 18, 2017. Two decades after they were spurred into action to tackle AIDS in Africa, global drug makers said on Wednesday they would invest an initial $50-million over three years to fight cancer and other non-communicable diseases in poor countries. (Jason Alden/Bloomberg) A WEF sign hangs in the Congress Center as an attendee browses a mobile device between sessions during the World Economic Forum (WEF) in Davos, Switzerland, on Wednesday, Jan. 18, 2017. Two decades after they were spurred into action to tackle AIDS in Africa, global drug makers said on Wednesday they would invest an initial $50-million over three years to fight cancer and other non-communicable diseases in poor countries. (Jason Alden/Bloomberg) Drug makers in Davos shift focus to chronic diseases of poor Add to ... Ben Hirschler DAVOS, Switzerland — Reuters Published Wednesday, Jan. 18, 2017 6:47AM EST Last updated Wednesday, Jan. 18, 2017 6:49AM EST Comments Share via email Share on facebook Share on twitter Share on LinkedIn Print Two decades after they were spurred into action to tackle AIDS in Africa, global drug makers said on Wednesday they would invest an initial $50-million over three years to fight cancer and other non-communicable diseases in poor countries. Twenty-two companies, including Pfizer, Merck, Novartis, Roche, Sanofi and GlaxoSmithKline, will contribute funds and expertise to the project, which is backed by the World Bank. The so-called Access Accelerated initiative was announced at the World Economic Forum in Davos and aims to improve both treatment and prevention. In the past, the focus of healthcare in poorer parts of the world has been on fighting infectious diseases, whether through vaccinations, drug programs or the roll-out of anti-malarial bednets. Today, however, the healthcare burden is shifting as deaths from these conditions decline and people in increasingly urbanised populations succumb to diseases such as cancer, diabetes, and heart and lung disorders fuelled by Western lifestyles. Such non-communicable diseases (NCDs) are responsible for nearly 70 per cent of all deaths worldwide and almost three quarters of them occur in low– and middle-income countries, according to the World Health Organization. Severin Schwan, the chief executive of Roche, the world’s largest maker of cancer drugs, said his company and others were already implementing preferential pricing for the developing world but cost was only one obstacle. Countries in Africa, Asia and Latin America also need improved healthcare systems if patients are to benefit from the latest developments in medicine. “It has a lot to do with hospital infrastructure. You can’t administer modern cancer medicines if you don’t have sophisticated lab facilities,” he told Reuters. “We’re going to institutionalize co-operation in this area.” Cancer is the initial focus and drug companies will work with the Union for International Cancer Control to test out new diagnostics and treatments in several cities around the world on a pilot basis. Sanofi CEO Olivier Brandicourt said the $50-million commitment – a relatively small sum for an industry with global sales of around $1-trillion a year – was just a start. “The $50-million is more like seeding funding, if you want, and based on the results we’ll gather afterwards we will have a more ambitious programme with more stakeholders between 2020 and 2030,” he said. Report Typo/Error   GSK-NGlaxoSmithKline PLC Latest Price$38.73 -0.09 (-0.23%) NVS-NNovartis AG Latest Price$72.21 +0.30 (+0.42%) PFE-NPfizer Inc Latest Price$31.42 +0.14 (+0.45%) Updated January 27 4:01 PM EST. Delayed by at least 15 minutes. More Related to this Story Great Canadian Innovations How the discovery of stem cells revolutionized medicine Valeant to sell $2.1-billion in assets to pay down debt Actavis UK raised drug prices 12,000 per cent, watchdog finds Topics Davos World Economic Forum Pharmaceuticals Asia Pfizer Inc. GlaxoSmithKline plc Latin America World Health Organization Novartis International AG Africa Sanofi-Aventis S.A. Comments Share via email Share on facebook Share on twitter Share on LinkedIn Print Next story | Learn More Discover content from The Globe and Mail that you might otherwise not have come across. Here we’ll provide you with fresh suggestions where we will continue to make even better ones as we get to know you better. You can let us know if a suggestion is not to your liking by hitting the ‘’ close button to the right of the headline. {{article_sprite}} {{title}} {{published_at}} In the know ROB Magazine The real reason house prices in Toronto are soaring real estate Fort St. John, B.C., mansion raises eyebrows with unusual listing Investor Newsletter Little effort, big returns; REIT picks; and how many stocks you should own globe drive Montreal auto show is ‘first real electric-car’ exhibition as Quebec leads charge The Globe Recommends {{title}} Most popular videos » News Presidential or dangerously erratic? John Ibbitson on week one of Trump's presidency Video Video: Kenneth Irving opens up about his battle with depression and the path to wellness Globe Drive The iconic VW microbus is back, but is it just a diversion? Globe Drive The 11 cars worth waiting for in 2017 Globe Drive Put snow chains on your tires with the push of a button Life Gender takes a back stage to makeup and manicures for some young Japanese men Life Chef Basics: This seafood stew is a dish to enjoy any season Report on Business Take an aerial tour of Fort Hills, the latest oil sands megaproject News Trump signs order for rebuilding of military, vetting of refugees News Mike Pence addresses Washington anti-abortion rally News Trump says he hopes for 'fantastic relationship' with Putin Report on Business The stop-start story of the Keystone XL pipeline ◀ ● ● ● ▶ Highlights Globe Investor At 36, single mom reaches debt-free goal. ‘It feels really good’ More from The Globe and Mail Globe Investor Six dividend-growth stocks for your RRSP Life Include these foods and supplements in your vegan or plant-based diet Most popular Invest Like a Legend 2017: Ten legends reveal how to make money in the coming year NDP Leader Tom Mulcair denounces Trump, calls him a ‘fascist’ How to make big returns by doing nothing, REIT picks, and the number of stocks you should really own GM to cut 625 jobs at Ontario plant, union says Vancouver's Shoes.com shuts down operations X connect with us Products The Globe and Mail Newspaper Newspaper delivered to your doorstep. Subscribe to the newspaper Globe Unlimited Digital all access pass across devices. Subscribe to Globe Unlimited Globe2Go The digital replica of our newspaper. Subscribe to Globe2Go Globe Email Newsletters Get top Globe stories sent to your inbox. Subscribe to email newsletters Globe eBooks A collection of articles by the Globe. View the library Advertise with us GlobeLink.ca Your number one partner for reaching Canada's Influential Achievers. Or go directly to: Newspaper Magazine Digital Globe Alliance: extend your reach Globe Edge: custom content Classifieds The Globe at your Workplace Globe Corporate Sales Globe Unlimited digital edition and Globe2Go e-paper group discounts available. Learn more Corporate financial data and content licensing for your organization. Learn more Or go directly to: Report On Business Top 1000 DataStore essential business intelligence Our Company About us Work at The Globe Staff Secure Services Secure Drop Staff PGP Directory Customer Service Contact Us Customer Preference Center FAQs Customer Care website Digital subscription services Print subscription services Change your delivery address Vacation Stops Mobile Apps News NEWS APP Available for download on the following devices iPhone iPad Android Blackberry Other Sections Appointments Art Store Births & Announcements Corrections Classifieds Classroom Edition Deaths Newspaper Ads Real Estate Special Reports Site Map Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Disclaimer Accessibility Policy Community Guidelines Globe sustainability Editorial Code of Conduct Restrictions © Thomson Reuters 2012. All rights reserved. Republication or redistribution of Thomson Reuters content, including by framing or similar means, is prohibited without the prior written consent of Thomson Reuters. Thomson Reuters is not liable for any errors or delays in Thomson Reuters content, or for any actions taken in reliance on such content. ‘Thomson Reuters’ and the Thomson Reuters logo are trademarks of Thomson Reuters and its affiliated companies. Selected data supplied by Thomson Reuters.© Thomson Reuters Limited. Click for Restrictions . Copyright 2017 The Globe and Mail Inc. All Rights Reserved. 351 King Street East, Suite 1600,  Toronto,  ON  Canada  M5A 0N1 Phillip Crawley, Publisher Add to Watchlist Add to Watchlist We've run into a glitch. Please try again later. We've run into a glitch. Please try again later.
  Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Wires Home My Profile Logout Login Feedback DailyMail NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad Drugmakers in Davos shift focus to chronic diseases of poor By Reuters Published: 06:09 EST, 18 January 2017 | Updated: 06:09 EST, 18 January 2017 e-mail By Ben Hirschler DAVOS, Switzerland, Jan 18 (Reuters) - Two decades after they were spurred into action to tackle AIDS in Africa, global drugmakers said on Wednesday they would invest an initial $50 million over three years to fight cancer and other non-communicable diseases in poor countries. Twenty-two companies, including Pfizer, Merck , Novartis, Roche, Sanofi and GlaxoSmithKline, will contribute funds and expertise to the project, which is backed by the World Bank. The so-called Access Accelerated initiative was announced at the World Economic Forum in Davos and aims to improve both treatment and prevention. In the past, the focus of healthcare in poorer parts of the world has been on fighting infectious diseases, whether through vaccinations, drug programmes or the roll-out of anti-malarial bednets. Today, however, the healthcare burden is shifting as deaths from these conditions decline and people in increasingly urbanised populations succumb to diseases such as cancer, diabetes, and heart and lung disorders fuelled by Western lifestyles. Such non-communicable diseases (NCDs) are responsible for nearly 70 percent of all deaths worldwide and almost three quarters of them occur in low- and middle-income countries, according to the World Health Organization. Severin Schwan, the chief executive of Roche, the world's largest maker of cancer drugs, said his company and others were already implementing preferential pricing for the developing world but cost was only one obstacle. Countries in Africa, Asia and Latin America also need improved healthcare systems if patients are to benefit from the latest developments in medicine. "It has a lot to do with hospital infrastructure. You can't administer modern cancer medicines if you don't have sophisticated lab facilities," he told Reuters. "We're going to institutionalise cooperation in this area." Cancer is the initial focus and drug companies will work with the Union for International Cancer Control to test out new diagnostics and treatments in several cities around the world on a pilot basis. Sanofi CEO Olivier Brandicourt said the $50 million commitment - a relatively small sum for an industry with global sales of around $1 trillion a year - was just a start. "The $50 million is more like seeding funding, if you want, and based on the results we'll gather afterwards we will have a more ambitious programme with more stakeholders between 2020 and 2030," he said. (Editing by Mark Potter) Share or comment on this article e-mail Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article. Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail     DON'T MISS 'They're getting nasty': Speidi slam Jedward for 'mean' behaviour as they get evicted from Celebrity Big Brother The former Hills stars have got the boot PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Tour of love! Smitten Selena Gomez and The Weeknd can't keep their hands to themselves on romantic trip to Italy Three's a crowd! Charlotte Dawson rocks risqué mini dress as she enjoys date night with beau Matt Sarsfield... and her mother Tracey Bella Hadid looks chic on solo outing in New York... as her ex The Weekend whisks Selena Gomez off to Italy for romantic holiday Shows a brave face 'He's got depth': Jessica Cunningham gushes about 'charming' Calum Best after they share a sweet smooch before she is evicted from CBB The 'Oh yeah' song from 'Ferris Bueller's Day Off' made its one-hit-wonder writer filthy rich - but he has never even SEEN the movie Made $175million SPOILER ALERT! Wannabe Tanya Lacey attempts to wow the judges with a performance of a Whitney Houston song on The Voice 'It stems from insecurities in her own marriage': Danielle Lloyd takes ANOTHER swipe at Nicola McLean as she calls her behaviour in the CBB house 'really sad' Oh Balls! Former MP Ed gets kicked in the FACE onstage by partner Katya Jones during Strictly tour performance in Sheffield 'I was breastfeeding in the interviews': Teresa Palmer praises film industry for being 'so accommodating' as she returns to work just weeks after giving birth  It's Freaky Friday! Lindsay Lohan meets with Turkish President Erdogan, his wife and a Syrian girl blogger to discuss 'efforts in helping refugees' Revealed: Carrie Fisher wanted ex-lover and long-time friend Harrison Ford to sing Melancholy Wookiee at her Oscars tribute Great sense of humour Riddle of the ring! Eva Mendes steps out wearing an impressive piece of bling after claims she and Ryan Gosling have secretly wed Stylish jet setter Amal Clooney wears baggy jumper as she touches down in LA in with George amid baby rumours Australia Day USA! Hunky Australian chef Curtis Stone drops by Hollywood Today Live to promote American series of My Kitchen Rules David Foster rejected offer to perform at President Trump's inauguration after taking heat from new girlfriend Christie Brinkley for considering the invite 'See you in one week': Ariana Grande shares sultry mirror selfie to plug upcoming Dangerous Woman tour Posed for a black-and-white mirror selfie Bikini babe Kourtney Kardashian flaunts killer figure in tiny white two-piece as she enjoys family getaway in Costa Rica  Lily Collins flashes her six-pack abs in an exercise bra and low-rise leggings as she leaves gym Spotted after a strenuous work out in Beverly Hills Scott Disick wheedles his way back into the Kardashian clan to join Kourtney in Costa Rica... and posts a saucy snap of her online Home, sweet home! Jon Hamm steps out in sweats to grab an icy drink with a female companion in LA after his latest film premieres at Sundance  Looking booty-ful! Kylie Jenner shows off her bikini body as she poses in the mirror on family trip to Costa Rica It's certainly not the usual family-friendly activity. TOWIE's Kate Wright confirms she is not jetting to Tenerife to film start of the new series... amid rumours of her romance with footballer Rio Ferdinand Paula Patton claims she found husband Robin Thicke naked in bed with two women, details how he abused her and says he even invited his DRUG DEALER to their son's birthday Former X Factor finalist Lucie Jones breaks down in tears of joy as she's picked to represent the United Kingdom at Eurovision 2017 PICTURED: Selena Gomez and The Weeknd caught holding hands on romantic date at arcade Sometimes playing games is good for a new relationship Fit for a king (or queen)! Pregnant Cheryl and Liam Payne get baby delivery from the Royal Family's favourite pram company Baby's coming soon... PICTURED: Distraught Megan McKenna leaves the NTAs in floods of tears after explosive row with TOWIE boyfriend Pete Wicks Floods of tears Bianca Gascoigne's boyfriend CJ Meeks is left heartbroken as he reads about his love's steamy CBB antics with Jamie O'Hara on MailOnline Model life! Elsa Hosk flashes her bikini body as she poses up a storm at the beach... and posts it all on Instagram Looking hotter than ever in a sultry swimsuit. Red hot Jenna Dewan Tatum shares behind the scenes footage from her dressing room on Snapchat Not easy getting red carpet ready  'This a** is all real!': Brielle Biermann fiercely defends alleged plastic surgery rumours on her shapely rear Vented her frustrations during a Snapchat video Gigi Hadid flashes a hint of cleavage in a perilously thin polo shirt as she showcases her sartorial swagger in a chic ensemble in New York  Ant & Dec are joined by supportive wives Lisa Armstrong and Ali Astall as they receive their OBEs for services to television at Buckingham Palace Bianca Gascoigne sets pulses racing as she flaunts her eye-popping cleavage and sensational curves in skimpy swimwear for calendar shoot Made In Chelsea's Binky Felstead hides her growing baby bump in saucy thigh-grazing camouflage T-shirt from her collection, exhibiting her slender legs 'Her links with Sue made it easy': Anna Richardson 'turned down role on Great British Bake Off over show favourite and girlfriend Perkins' SPOILER ALERT: Corrie's Steve McDonald races to the registry office as Leanne Battersby fills in their baby's birth certificate... but will he be listed as the father? 'Not long to go now little angel': Rachael Finch cradles bare baby bump and reveals two boys names have been chosen as due date nears PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Make-up free Perrie Edwards looks glum as she takes dog Hatchi for a walk... amid rumours of a split with Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain 'You can only fall out with someone you love': Ewan McGregor looks back at his bitter 17-year dispute with T2 Trainspotting director Danny Boyle  'I had let myself go due to personal circumstances': Drew Barrymore admits she lost 20lbs for her new show after split from Will Kopelman She DOES eat crisps! Gwyneth Paltrow reveals her immaculately organised pantry containing some surprisingly normal snacks (including Kettle Chips and popcorn) 39 weeks and counting! Jessa Duggar shares side-by-side baby bump comparison in second pregnancy Due to deliver her second child in weeks  'My angel in heaven': Bobby Brown pays tribute to his late daughter Bobbi Kristina in a bomber jacket with her image on the back 'He's a pathological liar!' Richard Keys' wife blasts the ex-Sky pundit as he renews his affair with their daughter's 27-year-old lawyer friend with trysts at five-star hotel  REVEALED: Photographer Kendall Jenner takes a turn behind the lens as she shoots stunning image of Kaia Gerber, 15, for cover of Love magazine 'G'day from the Philippines!' Miss Universe hopeful Caris Tiivel flashes a hint of thigh in skimpy lace nightgown as she prepares for beauty pageant 'I was called a s***!' Charlotte McKinney reveals her bullying torment over large breasts... and why she is even considering a reduction 'There was no plan, I just lived like him': Matthew McConaughey reveals it took him SIX months of excess to put on more than THREE STONE for new film Gold Aloha! Mother-of-one Amber Rose showcases her eye-popping curves in tiny bikini while relaxing in Hawaii hotel  Shearling delight! Bethenny Frankel bundles up in sheepskin with her daughter Bryn Gone from being Nicky Hilton's nanny to a  Real Housewife  Amanda Warren set to guest star on This Is Us after signing up to play William Hill's mother Show focused on fight with cancer. Joanna Krupa wins permission to 'dig into Brandi Glanville's finances'... after she's ordered to share gynecological records in 'smelly' defamation case Make-up free Melissa McCarthy bundles up on set of her latest film project Can You Ever Forgive Me? in New York City This funny lady is back Somebody Alp me! Josie Gibson takes ANOTHER tumble on the ski slopes as she continues to train for injury-ridden series The Jump Sex J-Education: CBB's Jedward shock housemates by talking about having sex on the kitchen table and teach Jamie O'Hara how to put a condom on a banana 'I didn't show him my picture for FIVE months': Ex EastEnders star Cheryl Fergison, 51, reveals she hid her identity from now husband Yassine, 30 Rihanna shows her humble side as she meets school pupils on Malawi charity trip Visit follows reports Madonna is to adopt in the country Life's just peachy! Rebecca Ferguson is the picture of elegance in pastel dress and coat as she promotes her new album in Liverpool Showing Aaron what he's missing! Lauren Pope flaunts her fabulous figure in black lingerie... after split from Geordie Shore star A sultry selfie  'I chose velvet knickerbockers over a suit!' David Beckham discusses his flamboyant fashion history in Desert Island Discs special In bed with Lea Michele! Star strips NAKED to slip between the sheets for latest racy Instagram snap Shared a raunchy photo of herself in bed Meet Lara Croft's dad! Dominic West signs on to play Lord Richard in Tomb Raider reboot starring Alicia Vikander The Affair star has signed on to film He's ripped! Joe Jonas endured 16 weeks of intense pro-athlete training to achieve defined abs and muscles Bam! Pow! Iconic Batman Returns costume worn by Michael Keaton sells at auction for $41,250 The black rubber bat suit stands at 6'5" tall 'Job hazard': Chrissy Teigen shares photograph of her legs covered in bruises... after getting injured while dancing Sore knees 'Zayn's asleep!': Taylor Swift complains about her very early start in behind the scenes peek on I Don't Wanna Live Forever video set 'A day with him and I get so tired my eyes start to itch!' Chloe Madeley on England rugby player beau James Haskell 'pushing himself too hard' 'First day of school v prom!' Taylor Swift fans go wild for sultry new look in I Don't Wanna Live Forever with Zayn Malik At her sexiest 'I'm alive... and I feel great!' Lamar Odom on life after rehab and his brush with death  The 37-year-old has been keeping busy since coming out of the facility The name's Ratajkowski... Lisa Ratajkowski! Big Brother star Appleton emulates DKNY model Emily as she walks her dog in bra and knickers 'You never really leave': Sherlock's Amanda Abbington hints return to the show opposite ex Martin Freeman is possible... despite being killed off Now that's a statement piece! Natalie Portman carries 'Make America Read Again' tote after calling out President Donald Trump at LA Women's March 'Shove it in your mouth!' Jamie O'Hara thrusts a cream-filled scone into Bianca Gascoigne's face as they clash in latest CBB challenge 'It's a wonderful thing to have closure': Uma Thurman wins primary custody of her daughter after a bitter legal battle with financier ex Arpad Busson Tamara Ecclestone displays her long legs in thigh-high boots and chic dress as she goes hand-in-hand with daughter Sophia Mummy-daughter day PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Is this the new line-up for C4's Great British Bake Off? Michel Roux Jr joins Paul Hollywood and even a Mary Berry lookalike at 'screen test' It's Ant OR Dec! Cheeky television presenters swap places for the first time during photo opportunity after being awarded OBEs This feels weird Elizabeth Hurley, 51, parades her incredible bikini body in TINY string two-piece as she holidays in India with son Damian, 14 Sexy Instagram snap  Good Morning America host Lara Spencer heats things up in primetime as she breaks for MULTIPLE makeout sessions during three-hour dinner date The Muse! Sharon Stone, 58, relaxes in her bikini as she paints watercolours in the pool while on 'retreat' She's inspired many over the year, too 'She made me re-evaluate how I see life': Russell Brand rocks grungy leather trousers for The One Show... as he gushes about his two-month-old daughter Mabel Multi-tasking mamma! Jennifer Garner catches up on calls as she juggles her bags after a busy school run in Los Angeles 'We're NOT engaged': GBBO winner Candice Brown denies her convicted drug dealer boyfriend has proposed but says they will definitely marry There's no hiding it now! Zooey Deschanel shows off her baby bump on set of New Girl despite being yet to confirm she is expecting her second child 'Blondes Rule!' Paris Hilton posts a nostalgic throwback picture with old pal Britney Spears It's a flashback of two iconic beauties!  Just a pair of ordinary teens! Rocco Ritchie and girlfriend Kim Turnbull look in good spirits as they join tube-goers for London rush-hour commute 'Slow down, you're drunk': CBB's Nicola McLean scolds Bianca Gascoigne after she puts on a very steamy display with Jamie O'Hara  Kelly Brook flashes her ample cleavage in colourful plunging leotard as she poses for busty calendar shot She commanded attention Lady Victoria Hervey puts on an eye-popping display as she attends pyjama party TOPLESS... covering her modesty in nothing but a pair of nipple tassels That made her morning! The Queen flashes a smile as she's greeted by topless men in traditional Fijian grass skirts at an exhibition in Norwich Bad hair day: Nicolas Cage disheveled look reveals his thinning locks at LAX Actor battles with baldness on Thursday Dream team! Celine Dion joins Gwen Stefani as her key adviser for season 12 of The Voice 'There's nobody like Celine. Everybody's going to be so mad ... that I got you.' Portrait of my lady! Evan Ross shows off his sketching skills with wife Ashlee Simpson as his model and muse He can act, sing, and also draw Royally good pals! Princess Eugenie embraces Hollywood star Felicity Jones as they unexpectedly bump into each other while shopping in London 'Backyard bum shots': Bikini-clad Skye Wheatley flaunts her pert derrière as former Big Brother star poses beside busty brunette friend A house to remember! Mandy Moore secretly buys unusual Mid-century modern home on the outskirts of Los Angeles for just under $2.6 million Ouch! Sarah Hyland hobbles around on crutches 'nursing an ankle injury' on set of Modern Family Performing through pain never looked so good.  Our little helpers! Neil Patrick Harris and David Burtka's twins stir up something sweet in the kitchen Something for all the family Rachel Weisz wraps up warm as she shoots scenes in London as Rachel McAdams' lover for new movie Disobedience Remarkably relaxed  'I know what it feels like to be vulnerable': Charlie Webster reflects on her harrowing sexual abuse ordeal as she visits women's refuge for domestic violence  Bikini-clad Danielle Lloyd shows off her curves as she puts her troubles behind her in Dubai... after publicly slamming ex-husband Jamie O'Hara City chic! Bella Hadid shows off her flawless figure in a plunging mini dress as she hits the streets of Manhattan in a fierce new DKNY campaign 'Orlando Bloom is just chilling behind my house... WHAT': Actor's school visit sends teenagers into meltdown  What I go to school for First ladies first? Trump didn't wait for Melania at their car when they arrived at the White House to meet the Obama's... unlike Barack, George and Bill 'She's giving me a headache': Kelly Brook is slammed on Twitter for being too 'loud and hyper' following fashion segment on Lorraine  Didn't go down well Chloe Ferry bounces back from CBB eviction as she hits the town with Geordie Shore gal pals Charlotte Crosby and Sophie Kasaei Back on the toon Goodman gracious three! Ex On The Beach star Chloe oozes sex appeal in plunging red dress as she hits the town with sisters Lauryn and Amelia Fleeing the country? Scott Eastwood enjoys an escape to Fiji after threats of $300 fine for dangerous cliff diving After making headlines for a cliff dive  Rafa's secret weapon! The childhood sweetheart who almost NEVER goes on tour whose support has helped send Nadal to Australian Open Have Perrie Edwards and Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain split already? Little Mix star DELETES her only Instagram snap of the footballer 'Whisper in her ear that it's okay to go': Carl Reiner reveals what he told actress Mary Tyler Moore's husband the day before she died  Time to go Making a splash! Selfie queen Karen Danczuk flaunts her curves in a VERY low cut swimsuit on Spain's Costa Blanca  Former Labour councillor 'I need to do what's best for my family!' Heather Dubrow reveals she's quitting Real Housewives after five seasons She's a TV veteran Mischa Barton taken to hospital for mental evaluation after neighbours found her 'screaming about end of the world and her mum being a witch'  EXCLUSIVE 'I attract toyboys!' Wild Lisa Appleton says she wants to bag a younger man during lively appearance on Lizzie Cundy's radio show Rita Ora falls victim to a gust of wind as she reveals her legs in extreme thigh-split skirt and cow-print fur jacket while leaving recording studio Hugh Jackman isn't perfect - there's video proof! Aussie triple threat hilariously fumbles classic cane twirl with face smacking results Lily Collins rocks casual workout gear as she gets her morning caffeine fix... after revealing she battled an eating disorder as a teen Back to business: Amy Adams puts on a brave face as she runs errands following VERY awkward Oscars snub The actress is still smiling Game, set and perfect match! Rafael Nadal shares a cuddle and passionate kiss with girlfriend Xisca Perello at Melbourne hotel before the tennis Got this covered! Heidi Klum looks lovely in layers as she heads to the on location set of Germany's Next Top Model Wrapping up warm He's got t-issues! Richard Madeley struggles to blow his own nose as he nurses a bandaged arm after shattering his elbow It's a rough time Who needs Kim? Jonathan Cheban enjoys a walk with Kardashian lookalike in London as his BFF heads to Costa Rica with Saint and North The playful Prince! Albert is poked by his adorable two-year-old son as he joins his wife and daughter on the balcony on Saint Devote Day in Monaco It's them or me! Amir Khan's 'paranoid' wife gives boxer a family ultimatum because she can't get over 'Michael Jackson' jibe and fears MORE sex tapes Jennifer Lopez, 47, suffers a wardrobe malfunction as she accidentally flashes her flesh-coloured bra in low-cut white dress at shoe collection launch '21 feels amazing!' AFL WAG Rebecca Judd thanks fans for the 'bday love' as she is gifted with large bouquet of flowers... before bonding with twins Well he is a Saint! Kim Kardashian can't stop kissing her son's cherubic cheeks as they join North onboard jet to Costa Rica... but Kanye isn't there! From slumdog to Hollywood: Incredible rags to riches story of Indian boy, 8, plucked from Mumbai ghetto to star in Nicole Kidman's Lion blockbuster Ex TOWIE star Danielle Armstrong parties with Kate Wright's new love interest Rio Ferdinand as former footballer reopens his Manchester restaurant Racy Kylie Jenner flashes major underboob as she exposes her lace bra and flat stomach in a cropped sweatshirt on night out with Tyga PICTURED: Proof Madonna IS trying to adopt four-year-old twin sisters in Malawi as she is seen leaving court... hours after she denied it  Larry Lamb channels notorious thief Brian Reader in dramatic new trailer for The Hatton Garden Job... based on real-life jewellery heist by ageing gang 'We need a DNA test...' Pregnant Rochelle Humes claims Chris Kamara could be the father of her unborn baby during playful interview  'Of course we're getting married!' GBBO winner Candice Brown's convicted drug dealer boyfriend CONFIRMS wedding plans Robin Thicke 'loses custody' of son Julian as judge issues 'restraining order blocking him from going near his child and ex-wife Paula Patton' Nicole Richie looks stylish in Beetlejuice inspired top and shaggy coat as she supports husband Joel Madden for latest music venture Perfect pair Eamonn Holmes, Davina McCall and Kirstie Allsopp rally behind Gary Lineker who said homework should be BANNED (and calling for a boycott day) Bella Thorne proudly shows off new piercing as she goes braless in tight top after boasting about nipple ring Sure to give a view of the area to her fans 'Baby, baby, I feel crazy': Taylor Swift and Zayn Malik trash luxurious hotel room in sizzling video for I Don't Wanna Live Forever At long last, it's landed Oh yes she (Ha)did! Braless Bella shares racy Instagram snap of her sheer crystal-studded gown from opulent Christian Dior masquerade ball Kourtney's son Reign, 2, sports cute man bun while Kardashian clan leave for Costa Rica (but Scott Disick was uninvited) Doting mom  She's usually flawless! Kris Jenner appeared windswept as hair sticks straight up while boarding private jet to Costa Rica Here comes mama Liza Minnelli digs up mother Judy Garland's remains and has them moved 3,000 miles from New York to Hollywood celebrity cemetery, 48 years after her death  'He's my escape from it all!' Faye Brookes credits boyfriend Gareth Gates following NTA win... as she admits there's extra pressure due to their schedules Playing without the boys! Josephine Skriver shows off her beach volleyball skills as Victoria's Secret models shoot sexy sporty set in Santa Monica 'She can't control her eye': Nicola McLean 'may need emergency corrective surgery after leaving Big Brother house' as new medical woes are revealed  Suddenly shy? Emily Ratajkowski covers up in a tight top and skinny jeans as she enjoys a dinner date at Catch LA  Uncharacteristically covered up Happy family! Mariah Carey's boyfriend Bryan Tanaka bonds with her children as the couple take them to gym class in LA  Seem to be serious 'Total lies': Shane Warne and ex-wife Simone Callahan blast magazine claims their daughter Brooke, 19, is a 'wild girl' who parties too hard She DOES eat crisps! Gwyneth Paltrow reveals her immaculate pantry containing some surprisingly normal snacks (including popcorn and pasta) 'A disgrace': President Trump blasts SNL writer for targeting his son Barron and calls Madonna 'disgusting' for talking about blowing up the White House Ivanka settles into DC life: First Daughter shares charming picture of her children playing at a local park after the family's move to Washington  'What I should've said': Ayda Field shares funny NTAs debrief video with husband Robbie Williams... after her awkward presenting moment fell flat Out and a pout! Katie Price displays alarmingly fuller lips just one day after demure NTAs appearance... before she's slapped with a parking ticket  Make-up free Kaley Cuoco shows off her natural beauty as she cuts a casual figure in baggy sweatshirt and jeans while enjoying some pamper time  From Page 3 girl to grown-up glamour: How Kelly Brook's astonishing wardrobe transformation has earned her an unlikely gig as a fashion editor Anna Wintour heads to Dolce & Gabbana show in Milan... amid claims feud with Alexandra Shulman could be to blame for her stepping down from British Vogue Paula Patton cast as protective mom in ABC summer series amid ongoing custody war with Robin Thicke ABC thriller called Somewhere Between 'We're completely in love!' Delighted Alex Jones, 39, reveals she's given birth to a baby boy as she announces the news live on The One Show 'They look like great tits!' Kate Garraway has to apologise to viewers after Ben Shephard gets naughty talking about 'chasing birds' on Good Morning Britain Glum Megan McKenna appears downcast during solo outing... just hours after 'she was left hysterical amid furious row with beau Pete Wicks at NTAs' Whitney survives the Walford bus crash and soon feels well enough to snog her father-in-law Mick (Danny Dyer) in EastEnders, by Jim Shelley  Kim Kardashian starts new trend as she shows off PIERCED nails (but it's only for the truly pampered) Not for everyone  'I can do whatever the fig I like!' Nadia Sawalha defends her actions after she was caught on camera swearing about Loose Women losing at NTAs to This Morning 'We went for it!': EastEnders' Emma Barton reveals soap's cast did lift a REAL double decker bus while filming controversial crash scene 'I'll be at the hotel!' Third Williams sister will NOT be going to Venus and Serena's Australian Open final - because she doesn't want to choose a side Seeing double! Rob Kardashian compares baby pictures of himself and daughter Dream on Instagram He's been nothing but adoring  Ben Price QUITS Coronation Street to spend more time with his family after seven years playing Nick Tilsley Hope she isn't fishing for compliments! Christina Milian wears hideous multicoloured gown to seafood restaurant in Los Angeles  Sarah Paulson is a fashionable flyer while touching down at LAX... as girlfriend Holland Taylor calls their relationship 'the most wonderful thing' Janet Jackson spotted out for first time since welcoming son Eissa just weeks ago as she shops at baby boutique in London A galaxy far, far away! Star Wars actor Ben Mendelsohn cast in Netflix film 'The Land of Steady Habits'... after wife Emma Forrest files for divorce 'Why are we on her mind so often?' Paris Jackson hits back at Wendy Williams after chat show host said she did not deserve Rolling Stone cover Is that you, Charlene? Kylie Minogue provides a throwback to Neighbours in retro overall outfit as she starts work on wedding and a name change Nothing casual about it! Gigi Hadid dons a sweat suit with a full face of make-up after  Maybelline photoshoot Heading back to her apartment in NYC Wait for us! Kylie Jenner holds King Cairo's hand as duo sprint to private jet for family trip to Costa Rica Playing stepmum She's a walking advert! Mary Berry totes her new recipe book as she arrives at the Radio 4 studios after taking a swipe at Paul Hollywood  Self-promotion He's got axes to grind! Jason Momoa carries multiple hatchets while heading to chat show in Hollywood Heading to a television appearance She's a beaming bride-to-be! Kate Mara smiles while out with doting fiance Jamie Bell in Beverly Hills Had the look of love on Thursday 'Baby, I'm so proud of you!' Gareth Gates performs an impromptu rap in celebration of girlfriend Faye Brookes' NTA win as they relax in bed together 'Don Draper would be dead': Jon Hamm doesn't think his Mad Men character would be alive today He'd be in his 80s by now Astonishing forgiveness of fallen TV star Rory's wife: She stands by McGrath despite his 14-month harassment of married lover who ended affair 'You talk so much b****cks!': CBB's Nicola McLean unleashes a scathing attack on Jedward as she labels them 'f***ing p***ks' . 'I'm feeling for you': CBB's Jamie O'Hara forgives love-interest Bianca Gascoigne as the pair kiss and make-up... after she lied about being single Ladies who lunch! Cara Santana and Jamie Chung don knit jumpers for meal at WeHo restaurant Have yet to collaborate onscreen Braless Sam Faiers slips into risqué gown to flaunt her perky assets... as she flashes 'PK' phone case in homage to beau Paul Knightley and baby son  Who needs Adrian? Rocky star Sylvester Stallone shows off elegant wife Jennifer Flavin at charity gala He will forever be known for his on-screen love  Oops she did it again! Britney Spears posts sexy lingerie snap just a day after almost breaking the internet by showing off her nether region tattoos Ben Affleck's passion project flop Live By Night results in $75 million loss for Warner Bros The gangster flick has not made a profit Rod Stewart borrows style tips from Only Fools And Horses as he channels Del Boy in shearling coat and flat cap while touching down in NYC Cheeky Anna Friel lauds Paddy McGuinness' hunky physique... as they transform into Rocky characters for new sketch show Bond babe Olga Kurylenko flashes her BARE BREASTS in raunchy caged jumpsuit as she leads sizzling stars at Paris Fashion Week gala dinner So Fancy! Charli XCX goes green in an ab-flashing cropped tee with matching tracksuit bottoms as she shows off her painting skills during radio appearance In the jeans! Julia Roberts keeps it casual in denim as she flashes a big smile with her son Finn, 12, in Malibu The 49-year-old enjoyed a relaxing day  Lottie Moss channels her inner zen at SAME Turkish retreat enjoyed by sister Kate before her infamous easyJet 'basic b***h' meltdown 'I'm good now': Khloe Kardashian helps Jill whose parents died as teen lose 30 pounds on Revenge Body Regained her personality Family business! Bella Hadid and brother Anwar pose up a storm in new Zadig & Voltaire ad campaign Working together for her latest modelling gig 'Practically twins': Beyonce's mom Tina Knowles shares sweet photo collage of super star and lookalike granddaughter Blue Ivy Posted on Instagram All that glitters! Aubrey Plaza wows in thigh-skimming sequined mini as she joins Mary Elizabeth Winstead at Legion premiere Walking the red carpet Dazzling Depp! Lily-Rose, 17, sparkles in a shimmering cropped catsuit as she lends her rising star power to Paris fashion charity bash Still got it! Melanie Griffith shows off taut legs as she steps out in West Hollywood with a male friend A stroll through the neighbourhood  Coldplay star Chris Martin shows off his cycling form as he goes for a ride in revealing shorts in Malibu  It is not every day you see Chris on a bike Another day, ANOTHER soiree! Jet-setter Pixie Lott takes the plunge in stunning black gown as she parties in Paris, 24 hours after NTAs 'I'll miss you Mair': Valerie Harper, 77, takes to Twitter and posts emotional tribute to co-star Mary Tyler Moore To remember her beloved late co-star  Mike Connors of Mannix fame dies aged 91 ONE WEEK after being diagnosed with leukemia His son-in-law Mike confirmed the news Pamela Anderson looks chic in a white playsuit with wide-brimmed hat for Paris sightseeing trip... a day after surprise visit to France's refugees Ashley James continues to flaunt her newly-slimmed down frame as she slips into a tight plunging yellow dress for night out on the town 'I'm a fitness Barbie': Khloe Kardashian displays her toned derriere in tiny bodysuit as she shares behind-the-scenes video from steamy shoot Head Start to Home Cooked Get Recipes more SHARE PICTURE Copy link to paste in your message Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Network This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Contributors Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
Home Ingredients Packaging Manufacturing Regulatory Finance Research Sectors Ingredients Packaging Manufacturing Regulatory Finance Research Regions Ingredients Packaging Manufacturing Regulatory Finance Research Events Ingredients Packaging Manufacturing Regulatory Finance Research Jobs Ingredients Packaging Manufacturing Regulatory Finance Research Directory Ingredients Packaging Manufacturing Regulatory Finance Research Search Merck opens production facility exclusively for meglumine 19-Jan-2017 Europe | Ingredients | Manufacturing The facility in Spain produces only the FDA-approved excipient meglumine, ensuring continuous supply to customers Merck meglumine manufacturing plant, Spain Science and technology company Merck has announced the opening of a facility manufacturing meglumine in Mollet des Vallès. Meglumine is an amino sugar derived from glucose. It is an excipient for pharmaceuticals and a component of medical imaging contrast media. The FDA-validated facility is the only location in Europe that manufactures the substance. The facility is solely dedicated to the production of meglumine, as well as meeting increasing demand for the excipient. Meglumine interacts directly with active pharmaceutical ingredients to increase solubility. The manufacture of meglumine must meet the same stringent regulatory and quality requirements as APIs. It is particularly important that meglumine be manufactured in a high-quality, ICH Q7-compliant facility. The facility has been successfully audited by the FDA, as well as pharmaceutical companies. Our new facility was optimised around the manufacturing process to achieve greater efficiencies and meets the most stringent quality standards for manufacturing meglumine, said Andrew Bulpin, Head of Process Solutions Strategic Marketing & Innovation, Life Science. The result is a high level of confidence in quality and security of supply for our customers. Companies Merck Group Subscriber Sign In email: password: Why subscribe? Related Articles Merck adds polymers for sustained release injectables to ingredients portfolio Merck Millipore introduces Parteck SRP 80 excipient Good growth for ingredients, but costs could rise Merck KGaA passes EXCiPACT audit for certification as provider of excipients Problem-solving ingredients for complex drugs Related Press Releases Merck launches Parteck MXP excipient for increased solubility Merck Millipore expands its EMPROVE raw materials portfolio Related Jobs Ethiopia receives 14 million praziquantel tablets from Merck Merck appoints Maya Martinez-Davis as Global Head of Oncology Merck announces new biopharma heads for North America and China About Manufacturing Chemist Contact Us About HPCi Media Limited Terms and Conditions Privacy ^ Top
Advert Saturday, January 28, 2017 13°C [Forecast]   Sign in or Create your Account Sign in Use your timesofmalta.com account to login: Email: Password: Create your Account Need help signing in? Or Sign in with Facebook or Google Times of Malta Homepage Advert Premium articles Popular stories Digital Archive e-Paper Subscribe to Premium Timestalk Video on Demand News National World Social & Personal Education Interview Environment Gozo Pictures Religion Videos Odd News Sport Football Formula 1 Basketball Waterpolo Horse Racing Shooting Rugby Tennis Athletics Business News International Market Analysis Comment Technology Features Consumer Affairs Comment Editorial Opinion Letters Blogs Cartoons Life Health & Fitness Features Fashion & Beauty Homes Motoring Escape Arts & Entertainment Travel Food & Drink Books Classifieds Property For Sale Property Wanted To Let Vehicles For Sale Situations Vacant For Sale More » Careers Finance and Legal Management IT and Engineering Sales and Marketing Services Digital Archive e-Paper Book Store Bonds Shares Sudoku Weather Webcam Letters to the editor Wednesday, January 18, 2017, 12:29 by Reuters Drugmakers in Davos shift focus to chronic diseases of poor Big pharma pledges $50m in 'seed funding' to fight cancer in the developing world CEO Joe Jimenez of Swiss drugmaker Novartis addresses the annual news conference at the company's headquarters in Basel, Switzerland. Photo: Reuters Two decades after they were spurred into action to tackle AIDS in Africa, global drugmakers have said they would invest an initial $50 million over three years to fight cancer and other non-communicable diseases in poor countries. Twenty-two companies, including Pfizer, Merck , Novartis, Roche, Sanofi and GlaxoSmithKline, will contribute funds and expertise to the project, which is backed by the World Bank. The so-called Access Accelerated initiative was announced at the World Economic Forum in Davos and aims to improve both treatment and prevention. In the past, the focus of healthcare in poorer parts of the world has been on fighting infectious diseases, whether through vaccinations, drug programmes or the roll-out of anti-malarial bednets. Today, however, the healthcare burden is shifting as deaths from these conditions decline and people in increasingly urbanised populations succumb to diseases such as cancer, diabetes, and heart and lung disorders fuelled by Western lifestyles. Such non-communicable diseases (NCDs) are responsible for nearly 70 percent of all deaths worldwide and almost three-quarters of them occur in low- and middle-income countries, according to the World Health Organization. Severin Schwan, the chief executive of Roche, the world's largest maker of cancer drugs, said his company and others were already implementing preferential pricing for the developing world but cost was only one obstacle. Countries in Africa, Asia and Latin America also need improved healthcare systems if patients are to benefit from the latest developments in medicine. "It has a lot to do with hospital infrastructure. You can't administer modern cancer medicines if you don't have sophisticated lab facilities," he told Reuters. "We're going to institutionalise cooperation in this area." Cancer is the initial focus and drug companies will work with the Union for International Cancer Control to test out new diagnostics and treatments in several cities around the world on a pilot basis. Sanofi CEO Olivier Brandicourt said the $50 million commitment - a relatively small sum for an industry with global sales of around $1 trillion a year - was just a start. "The $50 million is more like seeding funding, if you want, and based on the results we'll gather afterwards we will have a more ambitious programme with more stakeholders between 2020 and 2030," he said « Former US President George H.W. Bush hospitalised First freight train from China to Britain arrives in London » Advert See our Comments Policy Comments are submitted under the express understanding and condition that the editor may, and is authorised to, disclose any/all of the above personal information to any person or entity requesting the information for the purposes of legal action on grounds that such person or entity is aggrieved by any comment so submitted. Please allow some time for your comment to be moderated. Comments not loading? We recommend using Google Chrome or Mozilla Firefox with javascript turned on. Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Comments powered by Disqus   Advert Similar Stories Drugmakers in Davos shift focus to... Popular Stories Watch: 'Let him die,' onlookers shout as... 'It looks like the world is preparing... Torture works, says Donald Trump Watch: Video shows the moment a plane... 'Trump will get rid of you', man rages,... Girl, 16, stabbed German policeman at... Trump wants good relations with Russia,... Mexico President cancels US visit after... Theresa May to call for renewed special... The Strickland Foundation Advert X Popup Times of Malta Premium This article is part of our premium content. You have exceeded your 10 free articles for this month. A subscription is required to access Times of Malta content from overseas. Register to get 10 free articles per month. Subscribe to gain access to our premium content and services. Your subscription will also enable you to view all of the week's e-paper editions (both Times of Malta and The Sunday Times of Malta), view exclusive content, have full access to our newspaper archive to download editions from 1930 to today, and access the website in full from overseas. All of this will also be available to you from our tablet and mobile apps. Already have an account? Sign in here. Subscribe to continue reading Send us your story | Terms & Conditions | Privacy Policy | Comments Policy | Print Ad Rate | Online Ad Rate | Contact us | Copyright © 2017 timesofmalta.com Copyright © Allied Newspapers Ltd., printed on - 28-01-2017 - Printed content is for personal use only, and should not be distributed
Search Latest Sport Lifestyle Politics Opinion Features Business Multimedia Traffic 20°C Phiyega challenges Claassen Inquiry’s findings – report Local African states consider mass withdrawal from war crimes court World Trump wants good relationship with Russia, May says sanctions should stay World [WATCH] Songs & celebrations: Thandi Klaasen's final farewell Local Stronger rand shielded consumers from higher fuel price hike - economists Local Police question Netanyahu for third time in criminal case World Trump to halt refugee flow from some Muslim-majority nations - official World Popular Topics US President Donald Trump Donald Trump African National Congress President Jacob Zuma View all in Latest Rafa Nadal edges Dimitrov to set up dream Federer final Sport Ponting predicts Australia will struggle in India Sport It's Williams vs Williams in Australia Sport [OPINION] The cherry picking by AB de Villiers Opinion United edge past spirited Hull to reach League Cup final Sport Barcelona thrash Real Sociedad to reach King's Cup semis Sport Blind cricketer: Representing SA is my dream Local Popular Topics Australian Open Proteas Rafa Nadal Roger Federer View all in Sport [WATCH] Songs & celebrations: Thandi Klaasen's final farewell Local Mariah Carey: Songwriting is very healing Lifestyle Shifting gears to driverless Business ANC urges SA to reflect on Lundi Tyamara’s contribution to music Local Madonna to adopt twins? Lifestyle Sun Met organisers aim to bring back fashion glitz & glamour Lifestyle Thandie Newton says she’s told her children about abuse ordeal Lifestyle [OPINION] Confessions of a confused capitalist Lifestyle Zuma sends condolences to Lundi Tyamara’s family Local Mbeki praises Thandi Klaasen for 'outstanding service' to South Africans Local View all in Lifestyle #RandReport: Rand falls on cabinet reshuffle report Local Draft SABC report: Muthambi, affected parties given 2 weeks to respond Local ANC: DA’s walk out of SABC inquiry unfortunate Politics DA slams exclusion of recommendations in draft SABC report Local Analysts: Will Dlamini-Zuma win the confidence of her alliance back home? Local City of Joburg: ANC administration didn't probe wasteful expenditure Politics DA to hand evidence of alleged corruption against Phahlane to Ipid Local Popular Topics African National Congress African National Congress ANC Sihle Bolani Paid Twitter debacle View all in Politics [OPINION] The first step to Africa’s prosperity – saving children’s lives World [OPINION] The cherry picking by AB de Villiers Opinion [OPINION] Erdogan on a mission to win over allies World [OPINION] What Ford SA should’ve done to protect its reputation Business [OPINION] Obama could have done more for Africa World [OPINION] Five things I learned from Davos 2017 Business [OPINION] Gambia serves as African success story World Popular Topics World Economic Forum Davos Donald Trump Global economy View all in Opinion [MAP] Fires wreak havoc across Western Cape Local World Economic Forum 2017 Matric Results 2016 2016: A look at the year in news Local [LIVE BLOG] ANC NEC briefing Local [LIVE BLOG] Black Friday fever hits SA Local Understanding municipal politics: Exploring fruitless & wasteful expenditure Local Municipal Spending: The key factors Local SA's worst wasters: The 20 most wasteful municipalities Local [LIVE BLOG] #USElections2016: Trump wins race for White House World View all in Features Stronger rand shielded consumers from higher fuel price hike - economists Local Shifting gears to driverless Business #RandReport: Rand falls on cabinet reshuffle report Local Zimbabwe’s CZI to push for adoption of rand Business Fuel price increase announced Local Former VW CEO 'may have known of cheating sooner' Business Stats SA announces changes to consumer price index basket Business Popular Topics World Economic Forum Eskom National Union of Mineworkers Davos View all in Business Video [WATCH] Songs & celebrations: Thandi Klaasen's final farewell [WATCH] Presidential lip reading [WATCH] Cricket's blind ambition Audio [LISTEN] Here’s how your kids can learn for free online & get airtime [LISTEN] Organisations raise concerns about Fica Bill [LISTEN] How to empower children against underage drinking Infographics It's Williams vs Williams in Australia In the words of the 45th US president The bones of contention around Donald Trump Cartoons [CARTOON] Comradely banter [CARTOON] Fabricating words [CARTOON] Said the communist to the capitalist... View all in Multimedia View all in Traffic Johannesburg Cape Town Pretoria Vereeniging Durban Plettenberg Bay Paarl Strand Rustenburg Bloemfontein Nelspruit George 20°C / 22°C Sat 24°C 14°C Sun 26°C 14°C Mon 24°C 16°C Tue 25°C 16°C Wed 26°C 15°C Thu 25°C 15°C Sat 23°C 16°C Sun 23°C 15°C Mon 22°C 16°C Tue 25°C 14°C Wed 26°C 16°C Thu 25°C 17°C Sat 25°C 15°C Sun 28°C 13°C Mon 26°C 18°C Tue 28°C 18°C Wed 28°C 16°C Thu 27°C 16°C Sat 26°C 13°C Sun 28°C 10°C Mon 28°C 16°C Tue 25°C 17°C Wed 28°C 17°C Thu 28°C 14°C Sat 27°C 22°C Sun 26°C 22°C Mon 29°C 22°C Tue 27°C 23°C Wed 28°C 22°C Thu 28°C 23°C Sat 21°C 16°C Sun 21°C 15°C Mon 20°C 16°C Tue 21°C 15°C Wed 22°C 15°C Thu 22°C 18°C Sat 24°C 12°C Sun 25°C 13°C Mon 24°C 14°C Tue 29°C 13°C Wed 29°C 15°C Thu 30°C 15°C Sat 21°C 15°C Sun 21°C 15°C Mon 20°C 14°C Tue 23°C 14°C Wed 24°C 15°C Thu 25°C 16°C Sat 28°C 17°C Sun 29°C 15°C Mon 27°C 19°C Tue 27°C 18°C Wed 27°C 18°C Thu 28°C 16°C Sat 27°C 12°C Sun 31°C 12°C Mon 33°C 15°C Tue 30°C 18°C Wed 31°C 17°C Thu 32°C 20°C Sat 29°C 17°C Sun 26°C 18°C Mon 28°C 18°C Tue 26°C 18°C Wed 28°C 15°C Thu 29°C 15°C Sat 21°C 13°C Sun 23°C 11°C Mon 19°C 14°C Tue 21°C 13°C Wed 22°C 14°C Thu 21°C 16°C Go #WEF2017: Drugmakers in Davos shift focus to chronic diseases of poor 22 companies, including Pfizer, will contribute funds and expertise to the project, which is backed by the World Bank. Snowflakes cling to a World Economic Forum sign on the streets of Davos, Switzerland on the first day of the forum on 17 January 2017. PIcture: Reinart Toerien/EWN. World Economic Forum WEF World Economic Forum 2017 WEF 2017 AIDS epidemic Email Print Tweet Share Reuters | 10 days ago DAVOS, SWITZERLAND - Two decades after they were spurred into action to tackle AIDS in Africa, global drug makers said on Wednesday they would invest $50 million over three years to fight cancer and other non-communicable diseases in poor countries. Twenty-two companies, including Pfizer, Merck, Novartis, Roche, Sanofi and GlaxoSmithKline, will contribute funds and expertise to the project, which is backed by the World Bank. The so-called Access Accelerated initiative was announced at the World Economic Forum in Davos and aims to improve both treatment and prevention. In the past, the focus of healthcare in poorer parts of the world has been on fighting infectious diseases, whether through vaccinations, drug programs or the roll-out of anti-malarial bed nets. Today, however, the healthcare burden is shifting as deaths from these conditions decline and people in increasingly urbanized populations succumb to diseases such as cancer, diabetes, and heart and lung disorders fuelled by Western lifestyles. Such non-communicable diseases (NCDs) are responsible for nearly 70% of all deaths worldwide and almost three quarters of them occur in low- and middle-income countries, according to the World Health Organisation. Severin Schwan, the chief executive of Roche, the world's largest maker of cancer drugs, said his company and others were already implementing preferential pricing for the developing world but cost was only one obstacle. Countries in Africa, Asia and Latin America also need improved healthcare systems if patients are to benefit from the latest developments in medicine. "It has a lot to do with hospital infrastructure. You can't administer modern cancer medicines if you don't have sophisticated lab facilities," he told Reuters. "We're going to institutionalise cooperation in this area." Cancer is the initial focus and drug companies will work with the Union for International Cancer Control to test out new diagnostics and treatments in several cities around the world on a pilot basis. For more news, analysis and insights on Davos 2017 go to EWN’s WEF portal in partnership with Ashburton Investments. Timeline Shifting gears to driverless 9 hours ago [OPINION] Confessions of a confused capitalist 13 hours ago Here's how robots are going to change employment 14 hours ago How North Korea’s secret internet works 2 days ago More in World African states consider mass withdrawal from war crimes court 7 hours ago Trump wants good relationship with Russia, May says sanctions should stay 7 hours ago Police question Netanyahu for third time in criminal case 9 hours ago Trump to halt refugee flow from some Muslim-majority nations - official 9 hours ago EU pushes to break deadlock on migration 10 hours ago AU Summit an opportunity for AfDB to reaffirm AU partnership 10 hours ago Comments EWN welcomes all comments that are constructive, contribute to discussions in a meaningful manner and take stories forward. However, we will NOT condone the following: - Racism (including offensive comments based on ethnicity and nationality) - Sexism - Homophobia - Religious intolerance - Cyber bullying - Hate speech - Derogatory language - Comments inciting violence. We ask that your comments remain relevant to the articles they appear on and do not include general banter or conversation as this dilutes the effectiveness of the comments section. We strive to make the EWN community a safe and welcoming space for all. EWN reserves the right to: 1) remove any comments that do not follow the above guidelines; and, 2) ban users who repeatedly infringe the rules. Should you find any comments upsetting or offensive you can also flag them and we will assess it against our guidelines. EWN is constantly reviewing its comments policy in order to create an environment conducive to constructive conversations. Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. comments powered by Disqus On Air Latest bulletin GAUTENG CAPE TOWN KFM Latest traffic report CAPE TOWN GAUTENG KFM Trending on EWN #RandReport: Rand falls on cabinet reshuffle report ANC: DA’s walk out of SABC inquiry unfortunate Phiyega challenges Claassen Inquiry’s findings – report Zimbabwe’s CZI to push for adoption of rand ‘Lundi Tyamara went through a lot in his time’ Let the news come to you. Subscribe to our daily newsletter. Local World Politics Sport Business Entertainment Opinion Features Video Audio iWitness EWN Apps Breaking News Alerts Traffic EWN.Mobi Newsletter Signups RSS Feeds EWN Whatsapp Alerts Contact Find us on Facebook Follow us on Twitter Follow us on Instagram Comments Policy COPYRIGHT 2015 ALL RIGHTS RESERVED | Terms & Conditions Choose an EWN Twitter account Follow @ewnreporter Follow @ewnupdates Follow @ewnsport Follow @ewntraffic Choose an EWN app iOS Android
Catalyst Multimedia Today's Paper Topics ePaper WealthCheck SEARCH Follow Home News BUDGET 2017 Markets Companies Money & Banking Economy Info-tech Opinion Specials Portfolio BLink Find Company: 23abcdefghijklmnopqrstuvwxyz Panacea inks pact with UNICEF, gets USFDA nod for migraine drug PTI   ·   print   ·   T+  ·   T- Tweet New Delhi, Jan 18:   Panacea Biotec has inked a pact with UNICEF for the supply of Pentavalent Vaccine (Easyfive-TT) in the current year. The company has also received a notification from Pan American Health Organisation (PAHO) for the purchase of Easyfive-TT vaccine in the event the agency should have any requirements through December, 31, 2019. “Total value of this expected business from UN Agencies is worth $20.475 million equivalent to around Rs 140 crore based on current exchange rate,” Panacea Biotec said in a statement. Besides, the company has received approval from the US health regulator to market a generic version of Merck & Co’s Maxalt-MLT tablets, used in treating migraine, in the American market. Commenting on the developments, Panacea Biotec Joint Managing Director Rajesh Jain said that another product approval by USFDA and UN Agencies business would help the company to grow in a sustainable manner in mid to long term. The company has received approval from the US Food and Drug Administration (USFDA) to market its generic product to treat migraine in strengths of 5 and 10 mg, Panacea Biotec said in a statement. Panacea’s product is equivalent to Merck & Co’s Maxalt-MLT tablets. The drug has annual sales of around $60 million in the US market. “The company plans to launch the product within first quarter of 2017 through its distribution partner in the US,” Panacea said. The company recently got approval for its anti-cancer formulation facility from USFDA in November 2016, it added. Panacea shares were trading higher by 18.81 per cent at Rs 150 on the BSE. (This article was published on January 18, 2017) Related Companies  »  Panacea Biotec Limited Quotes Snapshot Company Background Board of Directors Balance Sheet Profit & Loss Quarterly Results Financial Ratios Share Holding Pattern Score Board MF Holdings News Get more of your favourite news delivered to your inbox SEND MY NEWS Please enter your email. Thank You. Newsletter has been successfully subscribed. Tweet Please Wait while comments are loading... This article is closed for comments. Please Email the Editor VIDEO Video: The Mystery Behind Mistry's Exit more videos» MOST POPULAR MOST COMMENTED Pact with Honda is the ‘best marriage’: Yamaha CEO JSW Steel in talks with bankers to take control of Bhushan Steel ITC’s Q3 net profit rises 6 per cent to ₹2,647 crore Maruti launches new variant of WagonR starting at Rs 4.7 lakh Driverless buses may soon hit Indian roads Vijay Mallya accuses government of witch-hunt Mallya hits back at SEBI allegations, calls them a ‘joke’ HOEC seeks to re-open dormant Bay of Bengal oil field Tata Steel close to resolving UK worker-pension issue India Cements posts ₹35-crore profit in Q3 DATA BANK Cross Currency Rate Indian Rupees Australian Dollar Canadian Dollar Danish Kroner Euro Hong Kong Dollar Indonesian Rupiah Japanese Yen New Zealand Dollar Norwegian Kroner Pound Sterling Singapore Dollar South Korean Won Swadish Kroner Swiss Franc Thai Baht US Dollar Chinese Yuan Arab Emirates Dirham Exchange Rate Dollar Spot Forward Rate Open-Ended Mutual Funds MCX-SX Currency Futures NSE Currency Futures LATEST NEWS Congress opportunistic, a thing of the past, says Modi Pollen Collection Chamber in Coimbatore sbiINTOUCH branch in Bengaluru PSU oil companies, Andhra Pradesh govt ink pacts All TN districts to come under ESI Act soon More » From Business Wire Dr G N Rao inducted to Ophthalmology hall of fame IIM Calcutta and NIIT Imperia announce fresh batch for Advanced Program for Marketing Professionals (APMP) DTDC launched its new brand campaign; reiterates its brand positioning of 'Going Beyond the Parcel' Murex named Market Risk Technology Vendor of the year Global advantages of Fairfax County is theme of February events in Hyderabad and Bangalore for SMAC, cyber firms O P E N close Recent Article in Companies ‘TAL’s industrial robot addresses skilled workforce scarcity’ Amit Bhingurde, COO of TAL Manufacturing Solutions Ltd (TAL), explains the introduction of industrial robotics in the country, amidst... » Business Line: Home | News | BUDGET 2017 | Markets | Companies | Money & Banking | Economy | Info-tech | Opinion | Specials | Portfolio | BLink | This Site: About Us | Contacts | Privacy Policy | Archives | Subscription | RSS Feeds | Site Map | Brand Quest | ePaper | Social | BL Club | Mobile | Group Sites: The Hindu | தி இந்து | Business Line | BL on Campus | Sportstarlive | Frontline | The Hindu Centre | RoofandFloor | STEP | Publications | eBooks | Images | Comments to: web.businessline@thehindu.co.in. Copyright © 2017, The Hindu Business Line. NEVER miss any latest news! we will have it delivered hot to your inbox! SUBSCRIBE Please enter your email. Thank You. Newsletter has been successfully subscribed.
Never miss a great news story! Get instant notifications from Economic Times AllowNot now You can switch off notifications anytime using browser settings. SECTIONS ET APPS ET Android AppET iPhone AppET iPad AppET Wealth Android AppET Blackberry AppET Nokia AppET Markets Android AppET Markets iPhone AppET Money Android App ENGLISH हिन्दीગુજરાતી SIGN-IN FOLLOW US FACEBOOKTWITTERYOUTUBELINKEDINGOOGLE PLUSRSS Home Budget 2017MarketsNewsIndustrySmall BizPoliticsWealthMF TechJobsOpinionBlogsNRIMagazinesSlideshowsET NOWSpeedET Portfolio Industry Auto News Banking/Finance BankingFinance Cons. Products DurablesElectronicsFashion / Cosmetics / JewelleryFMCGFoodGarments / TextilesLiquorPaintsTobacco Energy PowerOil & Gas Ind'l Goods/Svs ConstructionEngineeringCementChem / FertilisersMetals & MiningPackagingPaper / Wood / Glass/ Plastic/ MarblesPetrochemSteel Healthcare/Biotech Services AdvertisingConsultancy / AuditEducationHotels / RestaurantsProperty / C'structionRetailTravel More Media/EntertainmentEntertainmentMediaTelecomTransportationRailwaysAirlines / AviationShipping / TransportDefenceTech BiotechHealthcarePharmaceuticals ET Home›Industry›Healthcare/Biotech›Pharmaceuticals 04:05 PM | 27 Janmarket stats SENSEX 27,882174.32 NIFTY 50 8,64138.50 GOLD (MCX) (Rs/10g.) 28,360-25.00 USD/INR 68.03-0.05 Portfolio Loading... Select Portfolio and Asset Combination for Display on Market Band Select Portfolio Select Asset Class Stocks MF ETF Show More CREATE PORTFOLIO ADD INVESTMENT Download ET MARKETS APP Get ET Markets in your own language DOWNLOAD THE APP NOW +91 CHOOSE LANGUAGE ENG ENG - English HIN - हिन्दी GUJ - ગુજરાતી MAR - मराठी BEN - বাংলা KAN - ಕನ್ನಡ ORI - ଓଡିଆ TEL - తెలుగు TAM - தமிழ் Sensex rallies 174 points, Nifty50 tops 8,640; ICICI Bank top gainer Drag according to your convenience ET NOW RADIO ET NOW TIMES NOW Panacea inks pact with UNICEF,gets USFDA nod for migraine drug By PTI | Updated: Jan 18, 2017, 02.22 PM IST Post a Comment READ MORE ON » USFDA | UNICEF | Panacea | migraine drug Budget 2017: This Budget could be the toughest test of Modi's life. Read about it in our Budget 2017 coverage NEW DELHI: Drug firm Panacea Biotec today said it has inked a pact with UNICEF for supply of Pentavalent Vaccine (Easyfive-TT) in the current year. The company has also received a notification from Pan American Health Organisation (PAHO) for purchase of Easyfive-TT vaccine in the event the agency should have any requirements through December, 31, 2019. "Total value of this expected business from UN Agencies is worth USD 20.475 million equivalent to around Rs 140 crore based on current exchange rate," Panacea Biotec said in a statement. Besides, the company has received approval from the US health regulator to market a generic version of Merck & Co's Maxalt-MLT tablets, used in treating migraine, in the American market. Commenting on the developments, Panacea Biotec Joint Managing Director Rajesh Jain said that another product approval by USFDA and UN Agencies business would help the company to grow in a sustainable manner in mid to long term. The Capital-based firm has received approval from the US Food and Drug Administration (USFDA) to market its generic product to treat migraine in strenghts of 5 and 10 mg, Panacea Biotec said in a statement. Panacea's product is equivalent to Merck & Co's Maxalt-MLT tablets. The drug has annual sales for around USD 60 million in the US market. "The company plans to launch the product within first quarter of 2017 through its distribution partner in the US," Panacea said. The company recently got approval of its anti-cancer formulation facility from USFDA in November 2016, it added. Panacea shares were trading at Rs 145 apiece on the BSE, up 14.85 per cent from the previous close. Stay on top of business news with The Economic Times App. Download it Now! DON'T MISSany stories, follow us on TwitterFollow FROM AROUND THE WEB Save this IIT aspirant from Kidney Failure! Milaap 10 people most affected by Modi’s anti-black money campaign CRITICSUNION Lodha Palava Smart city @Kalyan Shil Rd 1,2&3 bhk @37lac+ Lodha Palava Smart City Mumbai MORE FROM ECONOMIC TIMES Cisco to buy AppDynamics for $3.7 billion in growth push Air Force One - Perks of being the US President Australian Open: Roger Federer still the swiss king READ MORE ON » USFDA | UNICEF | Panacea | migraine drug To post this comment you must Log In/Connect with:Indiatimes Network or Fill in your details: Will be displayed Will not be displayed Will be displayed Share this Comment:Post to Twitter Have something to say? Post your comment To post this comment you must Log In/Connect with:Indiatimes Network Fill in your details: Will be displayed Will not be displayed Will be displayed Share this Comment:Post to Twitter Most Read Most Shared Most Commented Loss making Indian Railways to rent out hill trains to private players Modi government plans to revive British-era gold mines with $2 billion worth of deposits HDFC Bank to deploy 20 humanoids in its branches in next 2 years Rs 1,400 crore may fizz out of Coca-Cola, PepsiCo coffers as Tamil Nadu traders mulling to ban products In big boost to Modi's power push, Adani sets up world's largest solar plant in India More » Get a Quote Browse CompaniesABCDEFGHIJKLMNOPQRSTUVWXYZ|123456789 Browse Mutual FundsABCDEFGHIJKLMNOPQRSTUVWXYZ The Economic Times Live Market News Portfolio Mobile Live TV Newsletter Commodities Speed QnA Blogs Alerts RSS Other Times Group news sitesTimes of India|इकनॉमिक टाइम्स ઈકોનોમિક ટાઈમ્સ|Mumbai Mirror Times Now|Indiatimes नवभारत टाइम्स|महाराष्ट्र टाइम्स ವಿಜಯ ಕರ್ನಾಟಕ|Lifehacker Gizmodo|Eisamay|IGN India NavGujarat Samay Living and entertainmentTimescity|iDiva|Zoom| Luxpresso|Gaana|Happytrips| Cricbuzz|Get Smartapp Networkingitimes|MensXP.com Hot on the WebUnion Budget|Income Tax calculator Income Tax Slabs|Budget 2017 UP & Punjab Assembly Elections 2017|BUDGET 2017-What's Cheaper & Expensive Sensex, Nifty Live Servicesads2book|Gadgetsnow|Free Business Listings Simplymarry|Astrospeak|Timesjobs|Magicbricks|Zigwheels|Timesdeal| dineout|Filmipop|Remit2india|Gaana|Greetzap|Techradar|Alivear| Google Play | Manage Notifications About us/Advertise with us/Terms of Use & Grievance Redressal/Privacy Policy/Feedback/Sitemap/Code of Ethics//Disclaimer Copyright © 2017 Bennett, Coleman & Co. Ltd. All rights reserved. BACK TO TOP Digg Google Bookmarks StumbleUpon Reddit Newsvine Live Bookmarks Technorati Yahoo Bookmarks Blogmarks Del.icio.us ApnaCircle Mail This Article My Saved ArticlesSign inSign up Find this comment offensive? Choose your reason below and click on the Report button. This will alert our moderators to take actionName Reason for reporting:Foul languageSlanderousInciting hatred against a certain communityOthers Your Reason has been Reported to the admin.

  Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Wires Home My Profile Logout Login Feedback DailyMail NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad Drugmakers in Davos shift focus to chronic diseases of poor By Reuters Published: 00:03 EST, 18 January 2017 | Updated: 00:03 EST, 18 January 2017 e-mail By Ben Hirschler DAVOS, Switzerland, Jan 18 (Reuters) - Two decades after they were spurred into action to tackle AIDS in Africa, global drugmakers said on Wednesday they would invest $50 million over three years to fight cancer and other non-communicable diseases in poor countries. Twenty-two companies, including Pfizer, Merck , Novartis, Roche, Sanofi and GlaxoSmithKline, will contribute funds and expertise to the project, which is backed by the World Bank. The so-called Access Accelerated initiative was announced at the World Economic Forum in Davos and aims to improve both treatment and prevention. In the past, the focus of healthcare in poorer parts of the world has been on fighting infectious diseases, whether through vaccinations, drug programmes or the roll-out of anti-malarial bednets. Today, however, the healthcare burden is shifting as deaths from these conditions decline and people in increasingly urbanised populations succumb to diseases such as cancer, diabetes, and heart and lung disorders fuelled by Western lifestyles. Such non-communicable diseases (NCDs) are responsible for nearly 70 percent of all deaths worldwide and almost three quarters of them occur in low- and middle-income countries, according to the World Health Organization. Severin Schwan, the chief executive of Roche, the world's largest maker of cancer drugs, said his company and others were already implementing preferential pricing for the developing world but cost was only one obstacle. Countries in Africa, Asia and Latin America also need improved healthcare systems if patients are to benefit from the latest developments in medicine. "It has a lot to do with hospital infrastructure. You can't administer modern cancer medicines if you don't have sophisticated lab facilities," he told Reuters. "We're going to institutionalise cooperation in this area." Cancer is the initial focus and drug companies will work with the Union for International Cancer Control to test out new diagnostics and treatments in several cities around the world on a pilot basis. (Editing by Mark Potter) Share or comment on this article e-mail Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article. Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail     DON'T MISS 'They're getting nasty': Speidi slam Jedward for 'mean' behaviour as they get evicted from Celebrity Big Brother The former Hills stars have got the boot PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Tour of love! Smitten Selena Gomez and The Weeknd can't keep their hands to themselves on romantic trip to Italy Three's a crowd! Charlotte Dawson rocks risqué mini dress as she enjoys date night with beau Matt Sarsfield... and her mother Tracey Bella Hadid looks chic on solo outing in New York... as her ex The Weekend whisks Selena Gomez off to Italy for romantic holiday Shows a brave face 'He's got depth': Jessica Cunningham gushes about 'charming' Calum Best after they share a sweet smooch before she is evicted from CBB The 'Oh yeah' song from 'Ferris Bueller's Day Off' made its one-hit-wonder writer filthy rich - but he has never even SEEN the movie Made $175million SPOILER ALERT! Wannabe Tanya Lacey attempts to wow the judges with a performance of a Whitney Houston song on The Voice 'It stems from insecurities in her own marriage': Danielle Lloyd takes ANOTHER swipe at Nicola McLean as she calls her behaviour in the CBB house 'really sad' Oh Balls! Former MP Ed gets kicked in the FACE onstage by partner Katya Jones during Strictly tour performance in Sheffield 'I was breastfeeding in the interviews': Teresa Palmer praises film industry for being 'so accommodating' as she returns to work just weeks after giving birth  It's Freaky Friday! Lindsay Lohan meets with Turkish President Erdogan, his wife and a Syrian girl blogger to discuss 'efforts in helping refugees' Revealed: Carrie Fisher wanted ex-lover and long-time friend Harrison Ford to sing Melancholy Wookiee at her Oscars tribute Great sense of humour Riddle of the ring! Eva Mendes steps out wearing an impressive piece of bling after claims she and Ryan Gosling have secretly wed Stylish jet setter Amal Clooney wears baggy jumper as she touches down in LA in with George amid baby rumours Australia Day USA! Hunky Australian chef Curtis Stone drops by Hollywood Today Live to promote American series of My Kitchen Rules David Foster rejected offer to perform at President Trump's inauguration after taking heat from new girlfriend Christie Brinkley for considering the invite 'See you in one week': Ariana Grande shares sultry mirror selfie to plug upcoming Dangerous Woman tour Posed for a black-and-white mirror selfie Bikini babe Kourtney Kardashian flaunts killer figure in tiny white two-piece as she enjoys family getaway in Costa Rica  Lily Collins flashes her six-pack abs in an exercise bra and low-rise leggings as she leaves gym Spotted after a strenuous work out in Beverly Hills Scott Disick wheedles his way back into the Kardashian clan to join Kourtney in Costa Rica... and posts a saucy snap of her online Home, sweet home! Jon Hamm steps out in sweats to grab an icy drink with a female companion in LA after his latest film premieres at Sundance  Looking booty-ful! Kylie Jenner shows off her bikini body as she poses in the mirror on family trip to Costa Rica It's certainly not the usual family-friendly activity. TOWIE's Kate Wright confirms she is not jetting to Tenerife to film start of the new series... amid rumours of her romance with footballer Rio Ferdinand Paula Patton claims she found husband Robin Thicke naked in bed with two women, details how he abused her and says he even invited his DRUG DEALER to their son's birthday Former X Factor finalist Lucie Jones breaks down in tears of joy as she's picked to represent the United Kingdom at Eurovision 2017 PICTURED: Selena Gomez and The Weeknd caught holding hands on romantic date at arcade Sometimes playing games is good for a new relationship Fit for a king (or queen)! Pregnant Cheryl and Liam Payne get baby delivery from the Royal Family's favourite pram company Baby's coming soon... PICTURED: Distraught Megan McKenna leaves the NTAs in floods of tears after explosive row with TOWIE boyfriend Pete Wicks Floods of tears Bianca Gascoigne's boyfriend CJ Meeks is left heartbroken as he reads about his love's steamy CBB antics with Jamie O'Hara on MailOnline Model life! Elsa Hosk flashes her bikini body as she poses up a storm at the beach... and posts it all on Instagram Looking hotter than ever in a sultry swimsuit. Red hot Jenna Dewan Tatum shares behind the scenes footage from her dressing room on Snapchat Not easy getting red carpet ready  'This a** is all real!': Brielle Biermann fiercely defends alleged plastic surgery rumours on her shapely rear Vented her frustrations during a Snapchat video Gigi Hadid flashes a hint of cleavage in a perilously thin polo shirt as she showcases her sartorial swagger in a chic ensemble in New York  Ant & Dec are joined by supportive wives Lisa Armstrong and Ali Astall as they receive their OBEs for services to television at Buckingham Palace Bianca Gascoigne sets pulses racing as she flaunts her eye-popping cleavage and sensational curves in skimpy swimwear for calendar shoot Made In Chelsea's Binky Felstead hides her growing baby bump in saucy thigh-grazing camouflage T-shirt from her collection, exhibiting her slender legs 'Her links with Sue made it easy': Anna Richardson 'turned down role on Great British Bake Off over show favourite and girlfriend Perkins' SPOILER ALERT: Corrie's Steve McDonald races to the registry office as Leanne Battersby fills in their baby's birth certificate... but will he be listed as the father? 'Not long to go now little angel': Rachael Finch cradles bare baby bump and reveals two boys names have been chosen as due date nears PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Make-up free Perrie Edwards looks glum as she takes dog Hatchi for a walk... amid rumours of a split with Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain 'You can only fall out with someone you love': Ewan McGregor looks back at his bitter 17-year dispute with T2 Trainspotting director Danny Boyle  'I had let myself go due to personal circumstances': Drew Barrymore admits she lost 20lbs for her new show after split from Will Kopelman She DOES eat crisps! Gwyneth Paltrow reveals her immaculately organised pantry containing some surprisingly normal snacks (including Kettle Chips and popcorn) 39 weeks and counting! Jessa Duggar shares side-by-side baby bump comparison in second pregnancy Due to deliver her second child in weeks  'My angel in heaven': Bobby Brown pays tribute to his late daughter Bobbi Kristina in a bomber jacket with her image on the back 'He's a pathological liar!' Richard Keys' wife blasts the ex-Sky pundit as he renews his affair with their daughter's 27-year-old lawyer friend with trysts at five-star hotel  REVEALED: Photographer Kendall Jenner takes a turn behind the lens as she shoots stunning image of Kaia Gerber, 15, for cover of Love magazine 'G'day from the Philippines!' Miss Universe hopeful Caris Tiivel flashes a hint of thigh in skimpy lace nightgown as she prepares for beauty pageant 'I was called a s***!' Charlotte McKinney reveals her bullying torment over large breasts... and why she is even considering a reduction 'There was no plan, I just lived like him': Matthew McConaughey reveals it took him SIX months of excess to put on more than THREE STONE for new film Gold Aloha! Mother-of-one Amber Rose showcases her eye-popping curves in tiny bikini while relaxing in Hawaii hotel  Shearling delight! Bethenny Frankel bundles up in sheepskin with her daughter Bryn Gone from being Nicky Hilton's nanny to a  Real Housewife  Amanda Warren set to guest star on This Is Us after signing up to play William Hill's mother Show focused on fight with cancer. Joanna Krupa wins permission to 'dig into Brandi Glanville's finances'... after she's ordered to share gynecological records in 'smelly' defamation case Make-up free Melissa McCarthy bundles up on set of her latest film project Can You Ever Forgive Me? in New York City This funny lady is back Somebody Alp me! Josie Gibson takes ANOTHER tumble on the ski slopes as she continues to train for injury-ridden series The Jump Sex J-Education: CBB's Jedward shock housemates by talking about having sex on the kitchen table and teach Jamie O'Hara how to put a condom on a banana 'I didn't show him my picture for FIVE months': Ex EastEnders star Cheryl Fergison, 51, reveals she hid her identity from now husband Yassine, 30 Rihanna shows her humble side as she meets school pupils on Malawi charity trip Visit follows reports Madonna is to adopt in the country Life's just peachy! Rebecca Ferguson is the picture of elegance in pastel dress and coat as she promotes her new album in Liverpool Showing Aaron what he's missing! Lauren Pope flaunts her fabulous figure in black lingerie... after split from Geordie Shore star A sultry selfie  'I chose velvet knickerbockers over a suit!' David Beckham discusses his flamboyant fashion history in Desert Island Discs special In bed with Lea Michele! Star strips NAKED to slip between the sheets for latest racy Instagram snap Shared a raunchy photo of herself in bed Meet Lara Croft's dad! Dominic West signs on to play Lord Richard in Tomb Raider reboot starring Alicia Vikander The Affair star has signed on to film He's ripped! Joe Jonas endured 16 weeks of intense pro-athlete training to achieve defined abs and muscles Bam! Pow! Iconic Batman Returns costume worn by Michael Keaton sells at auction for $41,250 The black rubber bat suit stands at 6'5" tall 'Job hazard': Chrissy Teigen shares photograph of her legs covered in bruises... after getting injured while dancing Sore knees 'Zayn's asleep!': Taylor Swift complains about her very early start in behind the scenes peek on I Don't Wanna Live Forever video set 'A day with him and I get so tired my eyes start to itch!' Chloe Madeley on England rugby player beau James Haskell 'pushing himself too hard' 'First day of school v prom!' Taylor Swift fans go wild for sultry new look in I Don't Wanna Live Forever with Zayn Malik At her sexiest 'I'm alive... and I feel great!' Lamar Odom on life after rehab and his brush with death  The 37-year-old has been keeping busy since coming out of the facility The name's Ratajkowski... Lisa Ratajkowski! Big Brother star Appleton emulates DKNY model Emily as she walks her dog in bra and knickers 'You never really leave': Sherlock's Amanda Abbington hints return to the show opposite ex Martin Freeman is possible... despite being killed off Now that's a statement piece! Natalie Portman carries 'Make America Read Again' tote after calling out President Donald Trump at LA Women's March 'Shove it in your mouth!' Jamie O'Hara thrusts a cream-filled scone into Bianca Gascoigne's face as they clash in latest CBB challenge 'It's a wonderful thing to have closure': Uma Thurman wins primary custody of her daughter after a bitter legal battle with financier ex Arpad Busson Tamara Ecclestone displays her long legs in thigh-high boots and chic dress as she goes hand-in-hand with daughter Sophia Mummy-daughter day PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Is this the new line-up for C4's Great British Bake Off? Michel Roux Jr joins Paul Hollywood and even a Mary Berry lookalike at 'screen test' It's Ant OR Dec! Cheeky television presenters swap places for the first time during photo opportunity after being awarded OBEs This feels weird Elizabeth Hurley, 51, parades her incredible bikini body in TINY string two-piece as she holidays in India with son Damian, 14 Sexy Instagram snap  Good Morning America host Lara Spencer heats things up in primetime as she breaks for MULTIPLE makeout sessions during three-hour dinner date The Muse! Sharon Stone, 58, relaxes in her bikini as she paints watercolours in the pool while on 'retreat' She's inspired many over the year, too 'She made me re-evaluate how I see life': Russell Brand rocks grungy leather trousers for The One Show... as he gushes about his two-month-old daughter Mabel Multi-tasking mamma! Jennifer Garner catches up on calls as she juggles her bags after a busy school run in Los Angeles 'We're NOT engaged': GBBO winner Candice Brown denies her convicted drug dealer boyfriend has proposed but says they will definitely marry There's no hiding it now! Zooey Deschanel shows off her baby bump on set of New Girl despite being yet to confirm she is expecting her second child 'Blondes Rule!' Paris Hilton posts a nostalgic throwback picture with old pal Britney Spears It's a flashback of two iconic beauties!  Just a pair of ordinary teens! Rocco Ritchie and girlfriend Kim Turnbull look in good spirits as they join tube-goers for London rush-hour commute 'Slow down, you're drunk': CBB's Nicola McLean scolds Bianca Gascoigne after she puts on a very steamy display with Jamie O'Hara  Kelly Brook flashes her ample cleavage in colourful plunging leotard as she poses for busty calendar shot She commanded attention Lady Victoria Hervey puts on an eye-popping display as she attends pyjama party TOPLESS... covering her modesty in nothing but a pair of nipple tassels That made her morning! The Queen flashes a smile as she's greeted by topless men in traditional Fijian grass skirts at an exhibition in Norwich Bad hair day: Nicolas Cage disheveled look reveals his thinning locks at LAX Actor battles with baldness on Thursday Dream team! Celine Dion joins Gwen Stefani as her key adviser for season 12 of The Voice 'There's nobody like Celine. Everybody's going to be so mad ... that I got you.' Portrait of my lady! Evan Ross shows off his sketching skills with wife Ashlee Simpson as his model and muse He can act, sing, and also draw Royally good pals! Princess Eugenie embraces Hollywood star Felicity Jones as they unexpectedly bump into each other while shopping in London 'Backyard bum shots': Bikini-clad Skye Wheatley flaunts her pert derrière as former Big Brother star poses beside busty brunette friend A house to remember! Mandy Moore secretly buys unusual Mid-century modern home on the outskirts of Los Angeles for just under $2.6 million Ouch! Sarah Hyland hobbles around on crutches 'nursing an ankle injury' on set of Modern Family Performing through pain never looked so good.  Our little helpers! Neil Patrick Harris and David Burtka's twins stir up something sweet in the kitchen Something for all the family Rachel Weisz wraps up warm as she shoots scenes in London as Rachel McAdams' lover for new movie Disobedience Remarkably relaxed  'I know what it feels like to be vulnerable': Charlie Webster reflects on her harrowing sexual abuse ordeal as she visits women's refuge for domestic violence  Bikini-clad Danielle Lloyd shows off her curves as she puts her troubles behind her in Dubai... after publicly slamming ex-husband Jamie O'Hara City chic! Bella Hadid shows off her flawless figure in a plunging mini dress as she hits the streets of Manhattan in a fierce new DKNY campaign 'Orlando Bloom is just chilling behind my house... WHAT': Actor's school visit sends teenagers into meltdown  What I go to school for First ladies first? Trump didn't wait for Melania at their car when they arrived at the White House to meet the Obama's... unlike Barack, George and Bill 'She's giving me a headache': Kelly Brook is slammed on Twitter for being too 'loud and hyper' following fashion segment on Lorraine  Didn't go down well Chloe Ferry bounces back from CBB eviction as she hits the town with Geordie Shore gal pals Charlotte Crosby and Sophie Kasaei Back on the toon Goodman gracious three! Ex On The Beach star Chloe oozes sex appeal in plunging red dress as she hits the town with sisters Lauryn and Amelia Fleeing the country? Scott Eastwood enjoys an escape to Fiji after threats of $300 fine for dangerous cliff diving After making headlines for a cliff dive  Rafa's secret weapon! The childhood sweetheart who almost NEVER goes on tour whose support has helped send Nadal to Australian Open Have Perrie Edwards and Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain split already? Little Mix star DELETES her only Instagram snap of the footballer 'Whisper in her ear that it's okay to go': Carl Reiner reveals what he told actress Mary Tyler Moore's husband the day before she died  Time to go Making a splash! Selfie queen Karen Danczuk flaunts her curves in a VERY low cut swimsuit on Spain's Costa Blanca  Former Labour councillor 'I need to do what's best for my family!' Heather Dubrow reveals she's quitting Real Housewives after five seasons She's a TV veteran Mischa Barton taken to hospital for mental evaluation after neighbours found her 'screaming about end of the world and her mum being a witch'  EXCLUSIVE 'I attract toyboys!' Wild Lisa Appleton says she wants to bag a younger man during lively appearance on Lizzie Cundy's radio show Rita Ora falls victim to a gust of wind as she reveals her legs in extreme thigh-split skirt and cow-print fur jacket while leaving recording studio Hugh Jackman isn't perfect - there's video proof! Aussie triple threat hilariously fumbles classic cane twirl with face smacking results Lily Collins rocks casual workout gear as she gets her morning caffeine fix... after revealing she battled an eating disorder as a teen Back to business: Amy Adams puts on a brave face as she runs errands following VERY awkward Oscars snub The actress is still smiling Game, set and perfect match! Rafael Nadal shares a cuddle and passionate kiss with girlfriend Xisca Perello at Melbourne hotel before the tennis Got this covered! Heidi Klum looks lovely in layers as she heads to the on location set of Germany's Next Top Model Wrapping up warm He's got t-issues! Richard Madeley struggles to blow his own nose as he nurses a bandaged arm after shattering his elbow It's a rough time Who needs Kim? Jonathan Cheban enjoys a walk with Kardashian lookalike in London as his BFF heads to Costa Rica with Saint and North The playful Prince! Albert is poked by his adorable two-year-old son as he joins his wife and daughter on the balcony on Saint Devote Day in Monaco It's them or me! Amir Khan's 'paranoid' wife gives boxer a family ultimatum because she can't get over 'Michael Jackson' jibe and fears MORE sex tapes Jennifer Lopez, 47, suffers a wardrobe malfunction as she accidentally flashes her flesh-coloured bra in low-cut white dress at shoe collection launch '21 feels amazing!' AFL WAG Rebecca Judd thanks fans for the 'bday love' as she is gifted with large bouquet of flowers... before bonding with twins Well he is a Saint! Kim Kardashian can't stop kissing her son's cherubic cheeks as they join North onboard jet to Costa Rica... but Kanye isn't there! From slumdog to Hollywood: Incredible rags to riches story of Indian boy, 8, plucked from Mumbai ghetto to star in Nicole Kidman's Lion blockbuster Ex TOWIE star Danielle Armstrong parties with Kate Wright's new love interest Rio Ferdinand as former footballer reopens his Manchester restaurant Racy Kylie Jenner flashes major underboob as she exposes her lace bra and flat stomach in a cropped sweatshirt on night out with Tyga PICTURED: Proof Madonna IS trying to adopt four-year-old twin sisters in Malawi as she is seen leaving court... hours after she denied it  Larry Lamb channels notorious thief Brian Reader in dramatic new trailer for The Hatton Garden Job... based on real-life jewellery heist by ageing gang 'We need a DNA test...' Pregnant Rochelle Humes claims Chris Kamara could be the father of her unborn baby during playful interview  'Of course we're getting married!' GBBO winner Candice Brown's convicted drug dealer boyfriend CONFIRMS wedding plans Robin Thicke 'loses custody' of son Julian as judge issues 'restraining order blocking him from going near his child and ex-wife Paula Patton' Nicole Richie looks stylish in Beetlejuice inspired top and shaggy coat as she supports husband Joel Madden for latest music venture Perfect pair Eamonn Holmes, Davina McCall and Kirstie Allsopp rally behind Gary Lineker who said homework should be BANNED (and calling for a boycott day) Bella Thorne proudly shows off new piercing as she goes braless in tight top after boasting about nipple ring Sure to give a view of the area to her fans 'Baby, baby, I feel crazy': Taylor Swift and Zayn Malik trash luxurious hotel room in sizzling video for I Don't Wanna Live Forever At long last, it's landed Oh yes she (Ha)did! Braless Bella shares racy Instagram snap of her sheer crystal-studded gown from opulent Christian Dior masquerade ball Kourtney's son Reign, 2, sports cute man bun while Kardashian clan leave for Costa Rica (but Scott Disick was uninvited) Doting mom  She's usually flawless! Kris Jenner appeared windswept as hair sticks straight up while boarding private jet to Costa Rica Here comes mama Liza Minnelli digs up mother Judy Garland's remains and has them moved 3,000 miles from New York to Hollywood celebrity cemetery, 48 years after her death  'He's my escape from it all!' Faye Brookes credits boyfriend Gareth Gates following NTA win... as she admits there's extra pressure due to their schedules Playing without the boys! Josephine Skriver shows off her beach volleyball skills as Victoria's Secret models shoot sexy sporty set in Santa Monica 'She can't control her eye': Nicola McLean 'may need emergency corrective surgery after leaving Big Brother house' as new medical woes are revealed  Suddenly shy? Emily Ratajkowski covers up in a tight top and skinny jeans as she enjoys a dinner date at Catch LA  Uncharacteristically covered up Happy family! Mariah Carey's boyfriend Bryan Tanaka bonds with her children as the couple take them to gym class in LA  Seem to be serious 'Total lies': Shane Warne and ex-wife Simone Callahan blast magazine claims their daughter Brooke, 19, is a 'wild girl' who parties too hard She DOES eat crisps! Gwyneth Paltrow reveals her immaculate pantry containing some surprisingly normal snacks (including popcorn and pasta) 'A disgrace': President Trump blasts SNL writer for targeting his son Barron and calls Madonna 'disgusting' for talking about blowing up the White House Ivanka settles into DC life: First Daughter shares charming picture of her children playing at a local park after the family's move to Washington  'What I should've said': Ayda Field shares funny NTAs debrief video with husband Robbie Williams... after her awkward presenting moment fell flat Out and a pout! Katie Price displays alarmingly fuller lips just one day after demure NTAs appearance... before she's slapped with a parking ticket  Make-up free Kaley Cuoco shows off her natural beauty as she cuts a casual figure in baggy sweatshirt and jeans while enjoying some pamper time  From Page 3 girl to grown-up glamour: How Kelly Brook's astonishing wardrobe transformation has earned her an unlikely gig as a fashion editor Anna Wintour heads to Dolce & Gabbana show in Milan... amid claims feud with Alexandra Shulman could be to blame for her stepping down from British Vogue Paula Patton cast as protective mom in ABC summer series amid ongoing custody war with Robin Thicke ABC thriller called Somewhere Between 'We're completely in love!' Delighted Alex Jones, 39, reveals she's given birth to a baby boy as she announces the news live on The One Show 'They look like great tits!' Kate Garraway has to apologise to viewers after Ben Shephard gets naughty talking about 'chasing birds' on Good Morning Britain Glum Megan McKenna appears downcast during solo outing... just hours after 'she was left hysterical amid furious row with beau Pete Wicks at NTAs' Whitney survives the Walford bus crash and soon feels well enough to snog her father-in-law Mick (Danny Dyer) in EastEnders, by Jim Shelley  Kim Kardashian starts new trend as she shows off PIERCED nails (but it's only for the truly pampered) Not for everyone  'I can do whatever the fig I like!' Nadia Sawalha defends her actions after she was caught on camera swearing about Loose Women losing at NTAs to This Morning 'We went for it!': EastEnders' Emma Barton reveals soap's cast did lift a REAL double decker bus while filming controversial crash scene 'I'll be at the hotel!' Third Williams sister will NOT be going to Venus and Serena's Australian Open final - because she doesn't want to choose a side Seeing double! Rob Kardashian compares baby pictures of himself and daughter Dream on Instagram He's been nothing but adoring  Ben Price QUITS Coronation Street to spend more time with his family after seven years playing Nick Tilsley Hope she isn't fishing for compliments! Christina Milian wears hideous multicoloured gown to seafood restaurant in Los Angeles  Sarah Paulson is a fashionable flyer while touching down at LAX... as girlfriend Holland Taylor calls their relationship 'the most wonderful thing' Janet Jackson spotted out for first time since welcoming son Eissa just weeks ago as she shops at baby boutique in London A galaxy far, far away! Star Wars actor Ben Mendelsohn cast in Netflix film 'The Land of Steady Habits'... after wife Emma Forrest files for divorce 'Why are we on her mind so often?' Paris Jackson hits back at Wendy Williams after chat show host said she did not deserve Rolling Stone cover Is that you, Charlene? Kylie Minogue provides a throwback to Neighbours in retro overall outfit as she starts work on wedding and a name change Nothing casual about it! Gigi Hadid dons a sweat suit with a full face of make-up after  Maybelline photoshoot Heading back to her apartment in NYC Wait for us! Kylie Jenner holds King Cairo's hand as duo sprint to private jet for family trip to Costa Rica Playing stepmum She's a walking advert! Mary Berry totes her new recipe book as she arrives at the Radio 4 studios after taking a swipe at Paul Hollywood  Self-promotion He's got axes to grind! Jason Momoa carries multiple hatchets while heading to chat show in Hollywood Heading to a television appearance She's a beaming bride-to-be! Kate Mara smiles while out with doting fiance Jamie Bell in Beverly Hills Had the look of love on Thursday 'Baby, I'm so proud of you!' Gareth Gates performs an impromptu rap in celebration of girlfriend Faye Brookes' NTA win as they relax in bed together 'Don Draper would be dead': Jon Hamm doesn't think his Mad Men character would be alive today He'd be in his 80s by now Astonishing forgiveness of fallen TV star Rory's wife: She stands by McGrath despite his 14-month harassment of married lover who ended affair 'You talk so much b****cks!': CBB's Nicola McLean unleashes a scathing attack on Jedward as she labels them 'f***ing p***ks' . 'I'm feeling for you': CBB's Jamie O'Hara forgives love-interest Bianca Gascoigne as the pair kiss and make-up... after she lied about being single Ladies who lunch! Cara Santana and Jamie Chung don knit jumpers for meal at WeHo restaurant Have yet to collaborate onscreen Braless Sam Faiers slips into risqué gown to flaunt her perky assets... as she flashes 'PK' phone case in homage to beau Paul Knightley and baby son  Who needs Adrian? Rocky star Sylvester Stallone shows off elegant wife Jennifer Flavin at charity gala He will forever be known for his on-screen love  Oops she did it again! Britney Spears posts sexy lingerie snap just a day after almost breaking the internet by showing off her nether region tattoos Ben Affleck's passion project flop Live By Night results in $75 million loss for Warner Bros The gangster flick has not made a profit Rod Stewart borrows style tips from Only Fools And Horses as he channels Del Boy in shearling coat and flat cap while touching down in NYC Cheeky Anna Friel lauds Paddy McGuinness' hunky physique... as they transform into Rocky characters for new sketch show Bond babe Olga Kurylenko flashes her BARE BREASTS in raunchy caged jumpsuit as she leads sizzling stars at Paris Fashion Week gala dinner So Fancy! Charli XCX goes green in an ab-flashing cropped tee with matching tracksuit bottoms as she shows off her painting skills during radio appearance In the jeans! Julia Roberts keeps it casual in denim as she flashes a big smile with her son Finn, 12, in Malibu The 49-year-old enjoyed a relaxing day  Lottie Moss channels her inner zen at SAME Turkish retreat enjoyed by sister Kate before her infamous easyJet 'basic b***h' meltdown 'I'm good now': Khloe Kardashian helps Jill whose parents died as teen lose 30 pounds on Revenge Body Regained her personality Family business! Bella Hadid and brother Anwar pose up a storm in new Zadig & Voltaire ad campaign Working together for her latest modelling gig 'Practically twins': Beyonce's mom Tina Knowles shares sweet photo collage of super star and lookalike granddaughter Blue Ivy Posted on Instagram All that glitters! Aubrey Plaza wows in thigh-skimming sequined mini as she joins Mary Elizabeth Winstead at Legion premiere Walking the red carpet Dazzling Depp! Lily-Rose, 17, sparkles in a shimmering cropped catsuit as she lends her rising star power to Paris fashion charity bash Still got it! Melanie Griffith shows off taut legs as she steps out in West Hollywood with a male friend A stroll through the neighbourhood  Coldplay star Chris Martin shows off his cycling form as he goes for a ride in revealing shorts in Malibu  It is not every day you see Chris on a bike Another day, ANOTHER soiree! Jet-setter Pixie Lott takes the plunge in stunning black gown as she parties in Paris, 24 hours after NTAs 'I'll miss you Mair': Valerie Harper, 77, takes to Twitter and posts emotional tribute to co-star Mary Tyler Moore To remember her beloved late co-star  Mike Connors of Mannix fame dies aged 91 ONE WEEK after being diagnosed with leukemia His son-in-law Mike confirmed the news Pamela Anderson looks chic in a white playsuit with wide-brimmed hat for Paris sightseeing trip... a day after surprise visit to France's refugees Ashley James continues to flaunt her newly-slimmed down frame as she slips into a tight plunging yellow dress for night out on the town 'I'm a fitness Barbie': Khloe Kardashian displays her toned derriere in tiny bodysuit as she shares behind-the-scenes video from steamy shoot Head Start to Home Cooked Get Recipes more SHARE PICTURE Copy link to paste in your message Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Network This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Contributors Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
null
X Edition: United States Business Business Home Legal Deals Aerospace & Defense Finance Autos Reuters Summits ADventures Data Dive Markets Markets Home U.S. Markets European Markets Asian Markets Global Market Data Indices Stocks Bonds Currencies Commodities Futures Funds Earnings Dividends World World Home U.S. Special Reports Reuters Investigates Euro Zone Middle East China Japan Mexico Brazil Africa Russia India Politics Politics Home Polling Explorer Just In: Election 2016 What Voters Want Supreme Court Tech Technology Home Science Top 100 Global Innovators Media Environment Innovation Commentary Commentary Home Podcasts Breakingviews Breakingviews Home Breakingviews Video Money Money Home Retirement Lipper Awards Analyst Research Stock Screener Fund Screener Life Health Sports Arts Entertainment Oddly Enough Pictures Pictures Home The Wider Image Photographers Focus 360 Video Drugmakers in Davos shift focus to chronic diseases of poor Africa América Latina عربي Argentina Brasil Canada 中国 Deutschland España France India Italia 日本 México РОССИЯ United Kingdom United States Davos | Wed Jan 18, 2017 | 9:11am EST Drugmakers in Davos shift focus to chronic diseases of poor By Ben Hirschler | DAVOS, Switzerland DAVOS, Switzerland Two decades after they were spurred into action to tackle AIDS in Africa, global drugmakers said on Wednesday they would invest an initial $50 million over three years to fight cancer and other non-communicable diseases in poor countries. Twenty-two companies, including Pfizer, Merck, Novartis, Roche, Sanofi and GlaxoSmithKline, will contribute funds and expertise to the project, which is backed by the World Bank. The so-called Access Accelerated initiative was announced at the World Economic Forum in Davos and aims to improve both treatment and prevention. In the past, the focus of healthcare in poorer parts of the world has been on fighting infectious diseases, whether through vaccinations, drug programs or the roll-out of anti-malarial bednets. Today, however, the healthcare burden is shifting as deaths from these conditions decline and people in increasingly urbanized populations succumb to diseases such as cancer, diabetes, and heart and lung disorders fueled by Western lifestyles. Such non-communicable diseases (NCDs) are responsible for nearly 70 percent of all deaths worldwide and almost three quarters of them occur in low- and middle-income countries, according to the World Health Organization. Severin Schwan, the chief executive of Roche, the world's largest maker of cancer drugs, said his company and others were already implementing preferential pricing for the developing world but cost was only one obstacle. Countries in Africa, Asia and Latin America also need improved healthcare systems if patients are to benefit from the latest developments in medicine. "It has a lot to do with hospital infrastructure. You can't administer modern cancer medicines if you don't have sophisticated lab facilities," he told Reuters. "We're going to institutionalize cooperation in this area." Cancer is the initial focus and drug companies will work with the Union for International Cancer Control to test out new diagnostics and treatments in several cities around the world on a pilot basis. Sanofi CEO Olivier Brandicourt said the $50 million commitment - a relatively small sum for an industry with global sales of around $1 trillion a year - was just a start. "The $50 million is more like seeding funding, if you want, and based on the results we'll gather afterwards we will have a more ambitious program with more stakeholders between 2020 and 2030," he said. (Editing by Mark Potter) Next In Davos No longer 'rising', Africa pushed to the margin at Davos DAVOS, Switzerland In this Swiss Alps town where the global elite have gathered to debate the world's problems, there seems to be little room on the radar for Africa, a continent of over a billion people where a commodity-fueled growth boom has soured with a vengeance. World trade chief warns against 'talking ourselves into a crisis' DAVOS, Switzerland The world should be wary of stumbling into trade wars that would destroy jobs, World Trade Organization Director-General Roberto Azevedo said on Friday. BOJ Kuroda: Steady U.S. growth may push up rates, dollar DAVOS, Switzerland Bank of Japan Governor Haruhiko Kuroda said on Friday U.S. economic growth and inflation may accelerate in coming years, which may push up interest rates and the value of the dollar. MORE FROM REUTERS Sponsored Content From Around the Web Promoted by Taboola Trending Stories Pictures Photos of the week Sponsored Topics X Follow Reuters: Follow Us On Twitter Follow Us On Facebook Follow Us On RSS Follow Us On Instagram Follow Us On YouTube Follow Us On LinkedIn Subscribe: Feeds | Newsletters | Podcasts | Apps Reuters News Agency | Brand Attribution Guidelines Reuters is the news and media division of Thomson Reuters. Thomson Reuters is the world's largest international multimedia news agency, providing investing news, world news, business news, technology news, headline news, small business news, news alerts, personal finance, stock market, and mutual funds information available on Reuters.com, video, mobile, and interactive television platforms. Learn more about Thomson Reuters products: Eikon Information, analytics and exclusive news on financial markets - delivered in an intuitive desktop and mobile interface Elektron Everything you need to empower your workflow and enhance your enterprise data management World-Check Screen for heightened risk individual and entities globally to help uncover hidden risks in business relationships and human networks Westlaw Build the strongest argument relying on authoritative content, attorney-editor expertise, and industry defining technology ONESOURCE The most comprehensive solution to manage all your complex and ever-expanding tax and compliance needs CHECKPOINT The industry leader for online information for tax, accounting and finance professionals All quotes delayed a minimum of 15 minutes. See here for a complete list of exchanges and delays. Site Feedback Corrections Advertising Guidelines Cookies Terms of Use Privacy Policy
X Edition: United States Business Business Home Legal Deals Aerospace & Defense Finance Autos Reuters Summits ADventures Data Dive Markets Markets Home U.S. Markets European Markets Asian Markets Global Market Data Indices Stocks Bonds Currencies Commodities Futures Funds Earnings Dividends World World Home U.S. Special Reports Reuters Investigates Euro Zone Middle East China Japan Mexico Brazil Africa Russia India Politics Politics Home Polling Explorer Just In: Election 2016 What Voters Want Supreme Court Tech Technology Home Science Top 100 Global Innovators Media Environment Innovation Commentary Commentary Home Podcasts Breakingviews Breakingviews Home Breakingviews Video Money Money Home Retirement Lipper Awards Analyst Research Stock Screener Fund Screener Life Health Sports Arts Entertainment Oddly Enough Pictures Pictures Home The Wider Image Photographers Focus 360 Video Swiss stocks - Factors to watch on Jan 18 Africa América Latina عربي Argentina Brasil Canada 中国 Deutschland España France India Italia 日本 México РОССИЯ United Kingdom United States FRB | Wed Jan 18, 2017 | 2:02am EST Swiss stocks - Factors to watch on Jan 18 ZURICH Jan 18 The Swiss blue-chip SMI was seen opening 0.25 percent higher at 8,325 points on Wednesday, according to premarket indications by bank Julius Baer. The following are some of the main factors expected to affect Swiss stocks: NOVARTIS, ROCHE Two decades after they were spurred into action to tackle AIDS in Africa, global drugmakers said they would invest $50 million over three years to fight cancer and other non-communicable diseases in poor countries. Twenty-two companies, including Pfizer, Merck, Novartis , Roche, Sanofi and GlaxoSmithKline , will contribute funds and expertise to the project, which is backed by the World Bank. For more news click SWISS WATCHMAKERS Swiss watchmakers expect to at least stabilise sales this year after two years of decline as the important Chinese and U.S. markets show signs of turning the corner, executives said at an industry event on Tuesday. ABB The power and industrial automation maker sees 2017 as a transitional year with growth picking up in 2018 in the energy sector, Chief Executive Ulrich Spiesshofer said in an interview with CNBC. For more news, click COMPANY STATEMENTS * Helvetia CEO Philipp Gmuer told Finanz und Wirtschaft the insurer has around 200 million Swiss francs ($199.3 million)of its own funds for possible acquisitions. Helvetia also has options as a listed company to raise funds, he said, adding that the company wants to grow especially in Germany and Spain. * Emmi said it has signed an agreement to buy Italian Fresh Foods S.p.A. (IFF), based in Lasnigo, Como in Italy and which manufactures and markets Italian desserts. IFF generates sales of almost 20 million euros, 85 percent of which comes from outside Italy, Emmi said. * Kudelski announced the acquisition of Dallas-based M&S Technologies, Inc., a specialist provider of cyber and network security solutions. ECONOMY ($1 = 1.0034 Swiss francs) (Reporting by Zurich newsroom) Next In FRB Trump signs order to keep out some refugees, prioritize Syrian Christians President Donald Trump on Friday put a four-month hold on allowing refugees into the United States and temporarily barred visitors from Syria and some other Muslim-majority countries, saying the moves would help protect Americans from terrorist attacks. Snapchat to reveal financials within a week: sources Snap Inc, the secretive technology company that owns the popular messaging service Snapchat, is due to reveal its financials within a week as it moves toward its eagerly awaited initial public offering (IPO), sources familiar with the situation said on Friday. Trump has 'friendly' call with Mexican leader but he demands change WASHINGTON The presidents of the United States and Mexico spoke by phone on Friday after relations between the neighboring countries frayed further over Donald Trump's border wall plan, with the U.S. leader calling the talk friendly but still demanding reworked trade and other ties. MORE FROM REUTERS Sponsored Content From Around the Web Promoted by Taboola Trending Stories Pictures Photos of the week Sponsored Topics X Follow Reuters: Follow Us On Twitter Follow Us On Facebook Follow Us On RSS Follow Us On Instagram Follow Us On YouTube Follow Us On LinkedIn Subscribe: Feeds | Newsletters | Podcasts | Apps Reuters News Agency | Brand Attribution Guidelines Reuters is the news and media division of Thomson Reuters. Thomson Reuters is the world's largest international multimedia news agency, providing investing news, world news, business news, technology news, headline news, small business news, news alerts, personal finance, stock market, and mutual funds information available on Reuters.com, video, mobile, and interactive television platforms. Learn more about Thomson Reuters products: Eikon Information, analytics and exclusive news on financial markets - delivered in an intuitive desktop and mobile interface Elektron Everything you need to empower your workflow and enhance your enterprise data management World-Check Screen for heightened risk individual and entities globally to help uncover hidden risks in business relationships and human networks Westlaw Build the strongest argument relying on authoritative content, attorney-editor expertise, and industry defining technology ONESOURCE The most comprehensive solution to manage all your complex and ever-expanding tax and compliance needs CHECKPOINT The industry leader for online information for tax, accounting and finance professionals All quotes delayed a minimum of 15 minutes. See here for a complete list of exchanges and delays. Site Feedback Corrections Advertising Guidelines Cookies Terms of Use Privacy Policy
null
Home Subscribe (Free) About NaturalNews Contact Us Write for NaturalNews Media info Advertising info ARTICLES BLOGS LABS SCIENCE REFERENCE REPORTS VIDEOS RADIO INFOGRAPHICS MUSIC CARTOONS LIBRARY RSS STORE Search Powered by GoodGopher.com American College of Pediatricians warns: HPV vaccine causes ovarian failure Tuesday, January 17, 2017 by: Robert Jonathan Tags: Gardasil, STDs, vaccines (Natural News) A new warning has emerged about the use of Gardasil, a vaccine for the human papilloma virus (HPV). Gardasil (a four-strain HPV vaccine, or HPV4), is typically administered to both boys and girls as young as age 11 to prevent the sexually transmitted disease. Developed by Merck, Gardasil received FDA approval in 2006. The disease did not become of concern until the 1980s, when research first suggested that there may be a connection between HPV and cervical cancer. However, whether this link actually exists has been a major point of contention. (RELATED: Learn more about the science fraud behind vaccine marketing at Vaccines.news) As Natural News previously explained, the vaccine has reportedly been linked to severe complications such as cervical cysts, autoimmune diseases, and harm to women’s ovaries. Natural News has also detailed how one of the developers of the HPV vaccine has now disavowed the inoculation, given that that cervical cancer risk is extremely low in the U.S. and that 90 percent of all HPV apparently infections clear up on their own within two years. According to the U.S. Centers for Disease Control and Prevention, Gardasil, Gardasil 9, and Cervarix are all safe and effective. The American College of Pediatricians apparently is apparently not so sure. In a statement primarily written by Scott S. Field, MD, the organization cautioned that there may be an association between the HPV vaccine and premature ovarian failure (POF), which is also known as premature menopause. The statement indicates that the POF cases are very rare, however. “Since licensure of Gardasil in 2006, there have been about 213 VAERS reports…involving amenorrhea, POF or premature menopause, 88% of which have been associated with Gardasil,” the statement asserts. VAERS is the CDC’s Vaccine Adverse Event Reporting System. Amenorrhea is the absence of menstruation. The statement also points out that family doctors are probably unaware of the possible link between HPV and premature ovarian failure and therefore may be not be reporting such cases to the CDC’s VAERS network, which could mean that the condition is more widespread. The pediatricians’ organization statement also calls attention to the issue that before the vaccine was brought to market, “long-term ovarian function was not assessed in either the original rat safety studies or in the human vaccine trials.” Another issue with Gardasil is a possible flaw in the pre-release safety trials in that the vaccine and the placebo both contained polysorbate 80. The placebo also contained aluminum adjuvant. “Therefore, if such ingredients could cause ovarian dysfunction, an increase in amenorrhea probably would not have been detected in the placebo controlled trials. ” The College also noted that many of the young girls in the trials were on birth control, “which can mask ovarian dysfunction including amenorrhea and ovarian failure. Thus, a causal relationship between human papillomavirus vaccines (if not Gardasil specifically) and ovarian dysfunction cannot be ruled out at this time.” The ACP statement calls for additional studies of the effects of Gardasil on rats, further CCD review of the appropriate VAERS reports, and alerting primary care doctors of the possible linkage between HPV and amenorrhea. The feds say that are are monitoring the situation and plan to conduct additional safety studies. As part of the draining the swamp effort, President-elect Trump has named Robert F. Kennedy Jr., a vaccine skeptic, to a committee to study vaccine safety. The committee will have its hands full, in part because the mainstream media, or what Health Ranger Mike Adams calls the “fakestream media,” accepts everything from Big Pharma at face value. Moreover, a movement appears to be underway for more states to require mandatory HPV vaccinations for pre-teens or teens. Against that backdrop, parents might be well advised to study the American College of Pediatricians statement and review the many articles here on the Natural News website to make an informed decision, along with their healthcare provider, as to what is best for their family. Stay informed about medical science news from an independent source at Medicine.news. Sources: CircleofDocs.com Acpeds.org CDC.gov NaturalNews.com   Previous :Four more government officials charged in Flint water crisis Next : KFC’s new facial recognition system a disturbing cocktail of the surveillance state and a toxic food supply laced with MSG 100% authentic hemp extract with CBD Authentic, honest and scientifically validated using breakthrough science.  IN STOCK, SHIPPING TODAY Join the Health Ranger's FREE email newsletter Get breaking news alerts on GMOs, fluoride, superfoods, natural cures and more... Your privacy is protected. Unsubscribe at any time. | Learn more... More news on Gardasil American College of Pediatricians warns: HPV vaccine causes ovarian failure Disqus Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Take Action: Support Natural News by linking to this article from your website Permalink to this article: http://www.naturalnews.com/2017-01-17-american-college-of-pediatricians-hpv-vaccine-causes-ovarian-failure.html Embed article link: (copy HTML code below): <a href="http://www.naturalnews.com/2017-01-17-american-college-of-pediatricians-hpv-vaccine-causes-ovarian-failure.html">American College of Pediatricians warns: HPV vaccine causes ovarian failure</a> Reprinting this article: Non-commercial use OK, cite NaturalNews.com with clickable link. Follow Natural News on Facebook, Twitter, Google Plus, and Pinterest Most Viewed Articles Today Week Month Year Natural homemade toothpaste heals cavities while whitening teeth - NaturalNews.com Trump crushes the TPP, taking a hatchet to the international profits of Big Pharma - NaturalNews.com Autoimmune disease solutions revealed - NaturalNews.com Donald Trump announces plan to hammer Big Pharma monopoly profits by requiring competitive bidding - NaturalNews.com Goodbye, Obama, you “sleeper cell” traitor and enemy of America… (you won’t be missed) - NaturalNews.com Political Darwinism explains why Leftist ideology is rapidly going extinct… failed ideas are weeded out while natural competition produces winners (and losers) - NaturalNews.com Heavy metals scientist challenges vaccine promoters to drink mercury to prove it’s safe to inject into children - NaturalNews.com One big, fat, ugly bubble is about to burst… and Donald Trump will be wrongly blamed for it - NaturalNews.com TIME Magazine runs vile hit piece against RFK Jr. for daring to tell the truth about mercury in vaccines - NaturalNews.com How antidepressants ruin your natural serotonin so you can never be happy again ... without your pills President Trump silences EPA climate change propaganda ... real scientists rejoice - NaturalNews.com Five ingredients that poison your brain Republican traitor Paul Ryan now trying to protect Big Pharma from Trump’s monopoly-dismantling reforms - NaturalNews.com 1984 is here: Samsung admits its TVs might spy on you, warns against carrying out sensitive conversations George Soros: the self-proclaimed ‘God’ who should be in prison - NaturalNews.com Measles outbreak in L.A. proves vaccine mandates don’t work (but they do create a medical police state) - NaturalNews.com The Nobel Prize has become meaningless; it’s nothing more than a fake award handed out to those who conspire with globalists - NaturalNews.com Study links aluminum from geoengineering to accelerating decline in bee populations - NaturalNews.com Trump’s attack on Big Pharma’s cartel profiteering lost the drug industry about $25 billion in 20 minutes - NaturalNews.com One big, fat, ugly bubble is about to burst… and Donald Trump will be wrongly blamed for it - NaturalNews.com Goodbye, Obama, you “sleeper cell” traitor and enemy of America… (you won’t be missed) - NaturalNews.com The ten false fears of the unhinged left that have transformed once-productive citizens into quivering mounds of Trump-a-noia - NaturalNews.com President Trump just banned federal funding of abortions - NaturalNews.com Scientists shocked to learn that shingles vaccines can transform vaccinated people into “carriers” who spread infectious disease - NaturalNews.com China dumping U.S. Treasury debt in record volume… is this a prelude to the globalist assault on Trump’s economy? - NaturalNews.com Donald Trump the first President in decades to finally take aim at Big Pharma’s monopolistic drug cartel - NaturalNews.com Beware: US salmon may be crawling with Japanese tapeworm, say scientists - NaturalNews.com WINNING: Ten highly effective ways President Trump and Kellyanne Conway can win the war against the dishonest, America-hating left-wing news cartels - NaturalNews.com 3 natural pain relievers that are as powerful as drugs, without the side effects Why President Trump should issue an Interpol arrest warrant for George Soros - NaturalNews.com Fake news: Mainstream media already caught reporting 3 lies on President Trump’s first day - NaturalNews.com CDC scientist confirms Donald Trump is right about vaccines and autism Republican traitor Paul Ryan now trying to protect Big Pharma from Trump’s monopoly-dismantling reforms - NaturalNews.com A NEW HOPE: Ten of the best and boldest ideas for President Trump to MAGA while prosecuting the real enemies of this great nation - NaturalNews.com TIME Magazine runs vile hit piece against RFK Jr. for daring to tell the truth about mercury in vaccines - NaturalNews.com Panic attacks, anxiety linked to low vitamin B and iron levels: Study Testosterone cures cancer; doctors stunned at discovery - NaturalNews.com Forbes.com hit piece on Natural News backfires: Health Ranger confirmed as world’s most powerful foe of corporate science fraud - NaturalNews.com The 8 Most Dangerous Medicines on Earth... are you taking any of these? Trump’s attack on Big Pharma’s cartel profiteering lost the drug industry about $25 billion in 20 minutes - NaturalNews.com Walking your children home from school and driving while caffeinated are now felony crimes in police state America - NaturalNews.com Two of the world’s most evil people – Bill Gates and George Soros – behind Facebook’s news censorship agenda - NaturalNews.com Electoral voter death threats backfire: Hillary Clinton loses four, Donald Trump wins in an electoral landslide - NaturalNews.com Pepsi admits its soda contains cancer-causing ingredients How the mainstream media’s “fake news” undermines democracy and protects the corrupt establishment: new mini-documentary by the Health Ranger - NaturalNews.com Obama trying to start WWIII before Jan. 20; feds “probe” Drudge Report with DDoS attack; NaturalNews and InfoWars targeted for cyber attack take downs - NaturalNews.com TREASON: Left-wing media attempting a “soft coup” in America by hyperventilating over self-contrived Russian conspiracy fabrication - NaturalNews.com Californian Senator Richard Pan pushing to outlaw parental rights in all medical decisions - NaturalNews.com Draining the Pharma swamp: Donald Trump announces plan to hammer Big Pharma’s monopoly profits by requiring competitive bidding for government drug purchase contracts - NaturalNews.com Citizen video DESTROYS “fake news” narrative of mainstream media: Must-see commentary - NaturalNews.com 10 brands of baby wipes recalled due to pneumonia-causing bacteria contamination The only prediction that really matters for 2017: The global debt collapse begins, followed by the rise of fascist, totalitarian government - NaturalNews.com The top 10 most outrageous science hoaxes of 2016 - NaturalNews.com Kanye West had a breakdown because he altered his mind-altering medications - NaturalNews.com Salmon caught near Seattle proven to be inundated with antidepressants, cocaine and more The best and worst forms of magnesium to take as a supplement What you are not being told about the Zika virus Pepsi admits its soda contains cancer-causing ingredients Does green tea have caffeine? Seven things you need to know The 8 Most Dangerous Medicines on Earth... are you taking any of these? Top six alkaline foods to eat every day for vibrant health Smokers or past smokers: Six ways to cleanse and revitalize your lungs 10 health benefits of cucumbers Zika HOAX exposed by South American doctors: Brain deformations caused by larvicide chemical linked to Monsanto; GM mosquitoes a 'total failure' Hillary Clinton's health in rapid collapse... voters in shock after photos show her unable to walk up small flight of stairs 12 easy ways to remove acid build-up from your body, alkalize your pH and beat disease Five ingredients that poison your brain Chaos will erupt across America in less than 100 days... no matter who wins the election Testosterone cures cancer; doctors stunned at discovery - NaturalNews.com Top 9 vaccines you NEVER need and exactly why the CDC has to scare everybody into getting them Ten home remedies for fever - Natural ways to reduce a high fever and treat the flu using simple products found in most homes CLAIM: Historic event to occur in the next six days that will end the rise of Trump and seize the future of America for totalitarian globalists Popular on Facebook 16K Indian state will pay farmers to go 100% organic and GMO-free 12K Study: Manuka honey kills more bacteria than all available antibiotics 10K Washington Post goes “full treason” – fabricates entire story falsely claiming Trump won because of Russian hacks 8K US Court of Appeals: States and counties can ban GMO crops despite federal laws 6K The 7 most dangerous vaccines injected into humans and exactly why they cause more harm than good 6K Trump allowed Black homeless woman to live in Trump Tower for 8 years, rent free 4K In the 1930s, Adolf Hitler arrested and executed ‘fake news’ journalists who rightfully claimed that Jews were being exterminated 3K Facebook rolls out plans to push GMOs by labeling anti-GMO stories ‘fake’ news 3K Globalist war against humanity shifts into high gear: Cars, cash, literature and independent news all targeted for elimination 3K Food companies hiding harmful high fructose corn syrup under new name 3K Standing Rock victory in North Dakota as US Army Corps of Engineers revokes pipeline permits 3K TREASON: Left-wing media attempting a “soft coup” in America by hyperventilating over self-contrived Russian conspiracy fabrication 3K Russian hack narrative revealed to be elaborate media hoax… email leaks actually came from Bernie Sanders insider 3K Facebook to become left-wing propaganda echo chamber with Orwellian plan to label independent journalism “fake” 3K Scam: No trace of Aloe Vera found in products at Walmart, CVS 2K Will President Trump dismantle dangerous vaccine mandates that harm children across America? 2K Medical scientists stunned as “magic mushroom” treatment found to heal mental illness… yet it remains illegal 2K Protesters at Dakota Pipeline have noticed unidentified crop dusters spraying chemicals over them late at night Health News 25 Powerful Anti-Inflammatory Herbs and Spices (Blogs.naturalnews.com) - 8 Hours Ago From Anxiety to Addiction: The Top 10 Uses of CBD Oil (Blogs.naturalnews.com) - 8 Hours Ago Garlic and Raw Milk Treat Pneumonia, Asthma, Insomnia, Cough, Arthritis, and Cardiac Problems (Blogs.naturalnews.com) - 8 Hours Ago 5 Food Ingredients That Damage Your Brain (Blogs.naturalnews.com) De-Stress Your Life (Blogs.naturalnews.com) 10 Magnesium Oil Benefits (How to make your own magnesium oil) (Blogs.naturalnews.com) AlternativeNews.com The independent news source for free-thinking people GoodGopher.com Search for more articles like this one at GoodGopher.com - the search engine for news and information. Talk Radio without corporate collusion Now streaming: 28 amazing hosts like the Health Ranger, Robert Scott Bell and more Find the up-to-date news you're looking for at Fetch.News Find articles on today's most searched keywords & topics. Uncensored Health Videos Visit TV.NaturalNews.com for uncensored videos for a healthier and happier life Vaccine News Real-time Independent Media news on Vaccines GMO News Real-time Independent Media news on GMOs Read Archived NaturalNews Stories NaturalNews.com Natural News Toolbar Privacy Policy Terms of Use About Us Contact Us/Feedback Write for Natural News Media Information Advertise Information Follow Us Email Newsletter Facebook Twitter Google Pinterest YouTube Diaspora Seen RSS This site is part of the Natural News Network © 2016 All Rights Reserved. Privacy | Terms All content posted on this site is commentary or opinion and is protected under Free Speech. Truth Publishing International, LTD. is not responsible for content written by contributing authors. The information on this site is provided for educational and entertainment purposes only. It is not intended as a substitute for professional advice of any kind. Truth Publishing assumes no responsibility for the use or misuse of this material. Your use of this website indicates your agreement to these terms and those published here. All trademarks, registered trademarks and servicemarks mentioned on this site are the property of their respective owners.
Subscribe Sign In Home Contact SFGate Classifieds About SFGate About SFGate FAQ SFGate Newsletters SFGate Staff Careers Site Index Hearst About The Chronicle About The Chronicle The Chronicle Staff Become a Subscriber Manage Your Subscription Customer Service Careers e-edition Back Copies Chronicle in Education Corrections Advertise with Us More on Advertising More on Advertising Place a Classified Ad About Our Ads Public Notices Local Business Directory Place an Obituary Gate List Store Privacy policy Privacy policy Ad Choices Chronicle Archives Terms of Use Newsletters Get news alerts SFGate Customer support Get VIP access with SF Chronicle Membership Get SFGate newsletters for the latest from the Bay Check out the Top 100 Bay Area restaurants Local Bay Area & State News Traffic Weather Crime Earthquakes Obituaries Video Woods’ return to PGA Tour lasts 2 days after missing cut SF archbishop on Trump: Church will aid undocumented immigrants Against Cal, Stanford needs another big game from Allen 2 taken into custody amid South Bay search for bank robber, News Education Nation World Politics Cannabis Sponsored: Clean Energy CA Sex offender out of Oregon State Hospital after decades 'Perry Mason' actress Barbara Hale dies at 94 Chicago police chief discloses he needs kidney transplant Ferguson missed deadlines in deal with Justice Department Sports 49ers Raiders Giants A's Warriors Golf Sports Calendar NFL MLB NBA College Preps Golf Outdoors Steve Kerr to ‘absolutely’ play all 4 Warriors in All-Star Success for A’s Sonny Gray could hasten trade Jed Lowrie, Josh Phegley back healthy for A’s this spring All-Star Game’s live spectacle doesn’t translate on TV Business Scotland Business Opportunities Technology Mortgage Rates Home Guides Public Notices Sponsored Content The Tech Chronicles VisionSF Jobs Hacker impersonates Sunrun CEO, nabs employee W-2 tax forms Kentucky bourbon trail buzzing with more than 1 million visits Google’s Pixel phone shines despite misgauging demand Business News Roundup, Jan. 26 A&E The Daily Dish Snow Movies Music & Nightlife Performance Art Cannabis Events TV Horoscope Comics Crosswords & Puzzles Reno-Tahoe Things To Do ‘I Am Michael’: fascinating minefield about gay conversion The latest from Dear Abby Controversy unleashed over making of syrupy ‘Dog’s Purpose’ Matthew McConaughey goes grotesque in ‘Gold’ Food Restaurants Wine Top 100 Restaurants Chronicle Wine Competition Reservations Beer News Inside Scoop SF Healthy Eating Michael Bauer's Blog Q&A: Chef Philip Tessier reflects on Team USA’s Bocuse Halal Guys draws long lines at new O’Farrell Street My verdict on the Taco Bell Naked Chicken Chalupa: It’s a China Live set to open Feb. 24 Living Home & Garden Style Parties Lust LGBT Mommy Files & Parenting Houzz Outdoors Health Blogs Education Sponsored Schools, Camps & Activities Cannabis Retirees might want to move to 1 of these states rather than stay Bay Area hikes that are even better after the rain 11 amazing treehouse designs Travel Monterey-Carmel Weekend Getaways Wine Country Napa Reno-Tahoe Hawaii Mexico Snow Chris McGinnis' Travel Tips Travel Troubleshooter: United’s check in holding pattern Rick Steves: The ancient Tuscan towers of San Gimignano Suite Spot: Madrona Manor in Healdsburg Rick Steves: Wandering backstreets of Montmartre Real Estate New Homes Open Homes Luxury Rentals Mortgage Rates Commercial Place an ad Home Guides Home Sales On the Block Blog Hot Property: ‘Thoughtful and extensive’ remodel restores Contemporary grandeur radiates throughout Bernal Heights remodel Former San Francisco 49ers GM Trent Baalke sells San Jose mansion Mirrors, mirrors on all the walls in this 28th-floor, Cars Dealers Click and Clack Car Blog My Ride Al's Road to the Big Game Sell Your Car Almost 67,000 polluting VW and Audi diesels returned so far A high-performance luxury Bentley SUV Dreams of a red sports car come true Faraday Future claims Tesla-beating supercar Jobs Job Events Advertise Salary Wizard Get To Work Are you prepared for a panel interview? 5 ways to handle an unexpected career change Are thank-you letters enough? Keep these job search habits in 2017 Classifieds Chronicle Latest columns Michael Bauer Leah Garchik Bruce Jenkins Esther Mobley Ann Killion Otis R. Taylor Jr. Thomas Lee Matier & Ross Heather Knight Kathleen Pender Scott Ostler Special Report: Forgotten Survivors of AIDS Rising reality: Managing rising sea levels Beyond Homelessness: Tackling SF's epidemic Michael Bauer's Top 100 Restaurants MenuSections http://www.sfgate.com/business/article/New-FDA-chief-should-have-medical-experience-10863445.php New FDA chief should have medical experience, drugmakers say By Jared S. Hopkins Published 2:40 pm, Tuesday, January 17, 2017 President-elect Donald Trump’s pick to lead the Food and Drug Administration should have a medical background, and the agency should continue evaluating new medications’ effectiveness, drugmaker executives said in comments indicating opposition to two candidates for the regulator’s top post. Trump’s FDA chief should be a doctor or physician-scientist with experience in clinical care and medical research, said Roger Perlmutter, head of research and development for Merck & Co. The president-elect is reportedly considering appointing former biotechnology industry executive Balaji Srinivasan and Jim O’Neill, a Silicon Valley investor. Neither has a medical background, and O’Neill has suggested that the FDA should focus solely on new drugs’ safety, leaving the market to decide whether they work. “We’d want someone in that position who is knowledgeable about drug development or patient care,” Perlmutter said in an interview at the recent J.P. Morgan Healthcare Conference in San Francisco. “We wouldn’t want somebody in there who didn’t have that level of understanding, but they could come from a lot of different environments,” such as public health, he said. Trump will be sworn in Friday, and big pharma companies are closely watching his administration’s appointments as he continues to roil the industry, telling the Washington Post on Sunday that he will continue to focus on high drug prices. Srinivasan and O’Neill, both associates of venture capitalist Peter Thiel, who’s advising Trump on science and technology, have criticized the FDA on Twitter and in speeches. Representatives of the Trump transition team didn’t immediately respond to a request for comment. Srinivasan, whose 21 Inc. startup got funding from Thiel, also co-founded Counsyl Inc., which makes a pregnancy test to quickly detect Down syndrome and other severe, chromosome-related birth defects. He is no longer with the company, Counsyl said. Srinivasan has been a critic of government in general and of the FDA in particular. His posts to Twitter attacking the agency have been deleted since his consideration became public last week. In an Aug. 13 tweet that’s been removed, he wrote, “FDA bears responsibility for many deaths. Blocked many good drugs.” O’Neill, a managing director at Thiel’s Mithril Capital Management, served in George W. Bush’s administration as principal associate deputy secretary in the Department of Health and Human Services. Allowing the FDA to approve drugs based only on safety, as O’Neill has suggested, would be a setback for the agency and for health, Ovid Therapeutics CEO Jeremy Levin said. One of the FDA’s most important functions is determining whether drugs work, he said. “If there is any attempt to change the mission of the FDA — in other words, to prove both safety and efficacy — then America’s primacy in drug discoveries will suffer,” Levin said. “Any person who comes to run it needs to understand the value of clinical trials, the value of not just proving safety, but proving efficacy.” Takeda Pharmaceutical will continue developing drugs with the expectation that the FDA won’t change its mission, said Ramona Sequeira, president of U.S. operations for the Japanese drugmaker. “We spend a lot of time testing both the efficacy and safety of our drugs and have a full expectation to demonstrate both,” she said in an interview. Limiting FDA’s purview to drug safety is worth exploring, said Mark Baum, CEO of Imprimis Pharmaceuticals in San Diego, which makes compounded drugs. Insurers, the gatekeepers for much of patient care, already monitor drug efficacy, he said. “There is some wisdom in thinking about whether we want the FDA in the efficacy business at all,” he said. Appointing either Srinivasan or O’Neill to head the agency would be a significant departure from tradition. For decades, trained physicians or prominent scientific researchers have overseen the FDA, widely considered the final word on safety of drugs for human health. The current head, cardiologist Robert Califf, was a founding director of the Duke Clinical Research Institute. Jared S. Hopkins is a Bloomberg writer. Email: jhopkins38@bloomberg.net Latest from the SFGATE homepage: Click below for the top news from around the Bay Area and beyond. Sign up for our newsletters to be the first to learn about breaking news and more. Go to 'Sign In' and 'Manage Profile' at the top of the page. BREAKING NEWS 2 taken into custody amid South Bay search for bank robber,... PRESIDENT TRUMP'S FIRST WEEK Trump signs 'new vetting measures' for refugees Zuckerberg ‘concerned’ by Trump immigration moves How a 20-percent Mexico tax could affect CA US-Mexico trade war could hit Mexico economy, spur migration Morford: Week One of Go to Hell, America LATEST NEWS Reports: Actor John Hurt dies at age 77 SF archbishop: Church will aid undocumented immigrants Zuckerberg to drop suits seeking to buy Hawaii land 'Perry Mason' actress Barbara Hale dies at 94 Climate change conference back on thanks to Al Gore Judge: Calif. can put cancer warning on Roundup SF supervisor offers Trump a room on Alcatraz Burglary suspect steals biker clothing, gets caught Melania eats jewels on Vanity Fair Mexico's cover, public furious Mexican designers envision a Trump border wall Pena Nieto says Trump agreed not to talk about wall funding Sinking Millennium Tower safe to live in, city report concludes 20 homeowners at Millennium sue developer, SF Hacker impersonates local CEO, steals W-2 tax forms 42% of Trump voters approve of prez using private email Orwell’s ‘1984’ is a hot item at SF libraries 2017 isn't '1984' – it's stranger than Orwell imagined TODAY'S TOP PICKS Wild, unexpected consequences of the recent Calif. storms Offbeat and not, 25 'only in SF' spots to take tourists Ex-NBAer and NCAA star found dead at age 50 SFGATE'S BEST DEALS Sponsored $69 OFF: This three-day juice cleanse will reset and nourish... This Apple Mail plugin is like a personal assistant for your... Most Popular 1 Melania Trump is eating jewels on Vanity Fair Mexico's cover,... 2 Wild unexpected consequences of the recent California storms 3 Poll: 42 percent of Trump voters say it's OK for Trump to use... 4 Hacker impersonates Sunrun CEO, nabs employee W-2 tax forms 5 Ex-NC State basketball star Charles Shackleford found dead 6 CalExit Measure Gets OK to Collect State Ballot Signatures 7 Trump orders strict new refugee screening, citing terrorists 8 Why SF Supervisor London Breed is offering Trump a room on... 9 This way to the resistance: Your guide to defying the... 10 Mexican designers envision a Trump border wall that could take... THE CHRONICLE'S VISIONSF Inspiring Leadership with Purpose Learn about visionary Bay Area business leaders who strive to make the world a better place. View Comments © 2017 Hearst Communications, Inc. Logo Return to Top About Our Company Careers Advertising Ad Choices Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Your California Privacy Rights Contact Customer Service Newsroom Contacts Connect Sign up for Email Alerts Facebook Twitter Pinterest Google Instagram Subscribe SFChronicle.com App e-edition The Chronicle Archives Subscription Offers Store Subscriber Services Hearst Newspapers © Copyright Hearst Communications, Inc.
Bloomberg the Company & Its ProductsBloomberg Anywhere Remote LoginBloomberg Anywhere LoginBloomberg Terminal Demo Request Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Philanthropy & Engagement Bloomberg London Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Bloomberg Tradebook Bloomberg Briefs Bloomberg Indices Bloomberg SEF Bloomberg Institute Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center Enterprise Products Enterprise Solutions Trading Solutions Bloomberg Vault Bloomberg PolarLake Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps News Bureaus Media Services Bloomberg Live Conferences Bloomberg Media Distribution Advertising Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Philanthropy & Engagement Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Bloomberg London Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps News Bureaus Media Services Advertising Bloomberg Media Distribution Bloomberg Live Conferences Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Bloomberg Tradebook Bloomberg Briefs Bloomberg Indices Bloomberg SEF Bloomberg Institute Enterprise Products Enterprise Solutions Trading Solutions Bloomberg Vault Bloomberg PolarLake Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center MENU Homepage Markets Stocks Currencies Commodities Rates + Bonds Economics Magazine Benchmark Watchlist Economic Calendar Tech U.S. Global Startups Cybersecurity Digital Media Bloomberg Technology TV Hello World Studio 1.0 Pursuits Cars & Bikes Style & Grooming Spend Watches & Gadgets Food & Drinks Travel Real Estate Art & Design Politics With All Due Respect Global Risk Briefing How We’ll Know if Trump Is Making America Great Again Tracking Trump’s Web of Conflicts The Inauguration of Donald J. Trump On the March in Trump’s Capital Opinion View Gadfly Businessweek Subscribe Cover Stories Opening Remarks Etc Features 85th Anniversary Issue Behind The Cover More Science + Energy Graphics Game Plan Small Business Personal Finance Inspire GO The David Rubenstein Show Sponsored Content Bloomberg About The Company Sign In Sign In Subscribe Photographer: Krisztian Bocsi/Bloomberg New FDA Chief Should Have Medical Experience, Drugmakers Say by Jared S Hopkins @jaredshopkins More stories by Jared S Hopkins January 17, 2017, 1:53 PM EST Trump considering two lacking clinical, research background America’s role in drug discovery could suffer, Ovid CEO says President-elect Donald Trump’s pick to lead the U.S. Food and Drug Administration should have a medical background, and the agency should continue evaluating new medications’ effectiveness, drugmaker executives said in comments indicating opposition to two candidates for the regulator’s top post. Trump’s FDA chief should be a doctor or physician-scientist with experience in clinical care and medical research, said Roger Perlmutter, head of research and development for Merck & Co. The president-elect is considering appointing former biotechnology industry executive Balaji Srinivasan and Jim O’Neill, a Silicon Valley investor, according to people with knowledge of the matter. Neither has a medical background, and O’Neill has suggested that the FDA should focus solely on new drugs’ safety, leaving the market to decide whether they work. “We’d want someone in that position who is knowledgeable about drug development or patient care,” Perlmutter said Jan. 9 in an interview at the J.P. Morgan Healthcare Conference in San Francisco. “We wouldn’t want somebody in there who didn’t have that level of understanding, but they could come from a lot of different environments,” such as public health, he said. Exclusive insights on technology around the world. Get Fully Charged, from Bloomberg Technology. Sign Up Business Your guide to the most important business stories of the day, every day. You will now receive the Business newsletter Politics The latest political news, analysis, charts, and dispatches from Washington. You will now receive the Politics newsletter Markets The most important market news of the day. So you can sleep an extra five minutes. You will now receive the Markets newsletter Pursuits What to eat, drink, wear and drive – in real life and your dreams. You will now receive the Pursuits newsletter Game Plan The school, work and life hacks you need to get ahead. You will now receive the Game Plan newsletter Trump will be sworn in Friday as president, and big pharma companies are closely watching his administration’s appointments as he continues to roil the industry, telling the Washington Post on Sunday that he will continue to target high drug prices. Srinivasan and O’Neill, both associates of venture capitalist Peter Thiel, who’s advising Trump on science and technology, have criticized the FDA on Twitter and in speeches. Representatives of the Trump transition team didn’t immediately respond to an e-mailed request for comment. Agency Critic Srinivasan, whose 21 Inc. startup got funding from Thiel, earlier co-founded Counsyl Inc., which makes a pregnancy test to quickly detect Down syndrome and other severe, chromosome-related birth defects. He is no longer with the company, Counsyl said. Srinivasan has been a critic of government in general and of the FDA in particular. His posts to Twitter attacking the agency have been deleted since his consideration became public last week. In an Aug. 13 tweet that’s been removed, he wrote, “FDA bears responsibility for many deaths. Blocked many good drugs.” O’Neill, a managing director at Thiel’s Mithril Capital Management, served in George W. Bush’s administration as principal associate deputy secretary in the Department of Health and Human Services. Allowing the FDA to approve drugs based only on safety, as O’Neill has suggested, would be a setback for the agency and for health, Ovid Therapeutics Inc. Chief Executive Officer Jeremy Levin said in an interview. One of the FDA’s most important functions is determining whether drugs work, he said. Insurer Oversight “If there is any attempt to change the mission of the FDA -- in other words, to prove both safety and efficacy -- then America’s primacy in drug discoveries will suffer,” Levin said. “Any person who comes to run it needs to understand the value of clinical trials, the value of not just proving safety, but proving efficacy.” Takeda Pharmaceutical Co. will continue developing drugs with the expectation that the FDA won’t change its mission, said Ramona Sequeira, president of U.S. operations for the Japanese drugmaker. “We spend a lot of time testing both the efficacy and safety of our drugs and have a full expectation to demonstrate both,” she said in an interview. Limiting FDA’s purview to drug safety is worth exploring, said Mark Baum, CEO of San Diego-based Imprimis Pharmaceuticals Inc., which makes compounded drugs. Insurers, the gatekeepers for much of patient care, already monitor drug efficacy, he said. “There is some wisdom in thinking about whether we want the FDA in the efficacy business at all,” he said in an interview. Appointing either Srinivasan or O’Neill to head the agency would be a significant departure from tradition. For decades, trained physicians or prominent scientific researchers have overseen the FDA, widely considered the final word on safety of drugs for human health. The current head, cardiologist Robert Califf, was a founding director of the Duke Clinical Research Institute. Scott Gottlieb, a physician who’s a former senior official at the FDA and a resident fellow at the American Enterprise Institute, a conservative think tank, is also said to be under consideration. Before it's here, it's on the Bloomberg Terminal. LEARN MORE Trending Now Trump Warms to House Republicans’ Proposed Border-Adjusted Tax Trump Greets U.K.'s May as World Leaders Look For Cues China’s Army of Global Homebuyers Is Suddenly Short on Cash Dutch Regulator Accidentally Posts Soros’s Short Positions Scaramucci Scores Millions From Buyer With Mystery Investors Terms of Service Trademarks Privacy Policy ©2017 Bloomberg L.P. All Rights Reserved Careers Made in NYC Advertise Ad Choices Website Feedback Help
About Us Contact Us Help user name password Client login:    First time user sign up Forgot your login info? Website Directory     Submit Website Search All categoriesAdvertising  GeneralAerospace  GeneralAgriculture  GeneralAirlines  GeneralAmerica - Post 9/11  GeneralApparel  GeneralApple Products  GeneralArchitectural  GeneralArchitecture  ArchitectureArt & Entertainments  Books  Celebrities  Country Music  Dance  Magazines  Movies  Museums  Music  Music Downloads  News & Talk Shows  Performing Arts  Photography  Television  Web SitesArts/Culture  GeneralAuction  GeneralAutomotive  Aftermarket  Classic Autos  Consumer Publications  General  Motorcycle & Bike  Racing  Recreational Vehicle  Repair & Service  Trade PublicationsBlogging & Social Media  Blogging & Social MediaBusiness  Advertising / Marketing  Books  Consumer Research  Direct Marketing  e-Commerce  Entrepreneurs  Finance  Franchise  Human Resources  Insurance  Investment  Management  Markets  Network Marketing  Online Marketing / SEO  Payday Loans  Public Relations  Publications  Real Estate  Retail  Stocks  Supermarkets  Women in BusinessCareers/HR  GeneralChemical  GeneralCoaching / Mentoring  Coaching / MentoringComputers  Apple Products  Databases  Games & Entertainment  General  Hosting  Instruction  Linux / GNU "Open Source"  Macintosh  Microsoft Windows PC  Operating Systems  Programming  Security  Software  Tablet PCs  UtilitiesConstruction  GeneralConsumer  Gifts and Collectibles  Hobbies  Web sites / InternetDesign  Graphic Design  Industrial  WebE-Cigarette  GeneraleCommerce  GeneralEconomy  GeneralEducation  College / University  General  Home Schooling  K-12  Post Graduate  TechnicalElectronics  GeneralEmail Marketing  GeneralEmailWire Press Releases  Press Release TipsEmployment/Careers  GeneralEngineering  GeneralEntertainment  GeneralEnvironment  GeneralEvents / Trade Shows  GeneralFinance  GeneralFood  GeneralFranchise  GeneralFraud / Identity Theft  GeneralGaming  GeneralGovernment  General  Judicial  Law Enforcement  Legislative  Local  National  Public Services  Security  State  TransportationHealthcare  GeneralHome and Family  Banking / Personal Finance  Bereavement / Loss  Home Furnishings / Interiors  Landscaping & Gardening  Marriage / Relationships  Money  Parenting  Payday Loans  Pets  Taxes  Wedding / BridalHome Schooling  GeneralHotels/Resorts  GeneralHousehold  GeneralIndustry  Aerospace / Defense  Agriculture  Apparel / Textiles  Broadcast  Construction / Building  Electrical  Food  Funeral  Healthcare  Leisure / Hospitality  Logistics / Shipping  Manufacturing / Production  Mining / Metals  Oil / Energy  Paper / Forest Products  Plumbing, Heating & AC  Print Media  Printing  Publishing  Radio  Restaurants  Tobacco  ToyInsurance  GeneralInternet/Online  GeneralLegal  GeneralLeisure  GeneralLifestyle  Beauty  Dating / Singles  Diet / Weight Loss  Fashion  Food / Beverage  Health & Fitness  Hotel / Resorts  Pastimes  Restaurants  Retirement  Travel & TourismMachinery  GeneralMaritime  GeneralMedical  Addiction  Allergies  Alternative Medicine  Asthma  Cancer  Cardiology  Chiropractic  Dental  Dermatology  Diabetes  Emergency  Family Medicine  General  General  Geriatrics  Hospitals  Infectious Diseases  Internal Medicine  Managed Care / HMO  Medical Products  Mental Health  Neurology  Nursing  Nutrition  OB / GYN  Pediatrics  Pharmaceuticals  Physical Therapy  Plastic Surgery  Psychology  Radiology / Imaging  Research  Sports Medicine  Surgery  VisionMilitary  GeneralMining/Metals  GeneralMiscellaneous  GeneralNanotechnology  NanotechnologyNon-profit  GeneralOccupational Safety  Occupational SafetyOil/Energy  GeneralOpinion / Editorial  Opinion / EditorialPaper Products  GeneralPaper/Forest  GeneralPharmaceuticals  GeneralPodcasting  Announce  Tools and ServicesPolitics  PoliticsPrint Media  GeneralPublic Utilities  Public UtilitiesPublishing  GeneralRadio  GeneralReal Estate  GeneralReligion  Christian  General  Islam  Jewish  OtherRestaurants  GeneralRetail  GeneralRSS & Content Syndication  RSS & Content SyndicationScience and Research  Science and ResearchSelf-Help / Personal Growth  Self-Help / Personal GrowthShipbuilding  GeneralSociety  African American Interests  Asian Interests  Childrens Issues  Disabled Issues / Disabilities  Gay / Lesbian  Hispanic  Mens Interests  Native American  Senior Citizens  Social Services  Teen Issues/Interests  Womens InterestSoftware  GeneralSports  Baseball  Basketball  Bicycling  Boating / Maritime  Bowling  Boxing  Fishing  Football  Golf  Hockey  Hunting  Martial Arts  Outdoors  Rugby  Soccer  Tennis  Water  Winter/SnowSports/Fitness  GeneralStocks  GeneralSupermarkets  GeneralTechnology  Biotechnology  Computer  Electronics  Enterprise Software  Games  Graphics/Printing/CAD  Hardware / Peripherals  Industrial  Information  Internet  Multimedia  Networking  Public Sector/Government  Robotics  Semiconductor  Software  Telecommunications  WebmastersTelecom  General  WirelessTelevision  GeneralTobacco  GeneralTrade  GeneralTransportation  GeneralTravel  GeneralUtilities  GeneralVolunteer  VolunteerWeather  Weather Home > News By Company > ReportsWeb.com Tweet   Pediatric Vaccines Market by Material & Data Validation, Analysis and Forecast 2022 ReportsWeb.com published Pediatric Vaccines Market from its database. The report covers the market landscape and its growth prospects over the coming years. The report also includes a discussion of the key vendors operating in this market. (EMAILWIRE.COM, January 17, 2017 ) According to Publisher, the Global Pediatric Vaccines market is estimated at $XX million in 2015 and is expected to grow at a CAGR of XX% to reach $XX million by 2022. Rising government and non-government financial support for development of vaccine is the major driver for the pediatric vaccine market. Increasing innovative technologies such as therapeutic and adjuvant vaccines are anticipated to fuel the pediatric vaccine market during the forecast period. Moreover, increasing expenditure of vaccines, little accessibility to remote areas and strict regulation for approval of vaccines are some of the factors hampering the global pediatric vaccine market. Infectious diseases segment is expected to grow at a faster rate during the forecast period. North America dominates the global market for pediatric vaccines followed by Europe. Moreover, the Asia Pacific is likely to report the highest CAGR during the forecast period, driven by the high birth rate in China and India. For more information http://www.reportsweb.com/pediatric-vaccines-global-market-outlook-2015-2022 . Some of the key players in the market include Johnson and Johnson, Abbott Laboratories, Baxter International, Eli Lilly and Company, Sanofi S.A, Novo Nordisk A/S, Bharat Biotech International Limited, Actelion Pharmaceuticals Ltd, Genentech, Inc., Shire Pharmaceuticals Group Plc, Merck & Co. Inc, Bristol-Myers Squibb Company, Amgen Inc., Novartis AG and Boehringer Ingelheim GmbH. Diseases type Covered: - Cancer and allergy - Infectious disease - Pneumococcal disease - Influenza - Diphtheria - Rotavirus - Tetanus - Haemophilus Influenzae type b (Hib) - Meningococcal - Hepatitis A - Hepatitis B - Rubella - Mumps - Measles - Pertussis - Varicella (chickenpox) - Polio Products Covered: - Anti-infective drugs - Pediatric hormones - Allergy & respiratory drugs - CNS drugs Vaccines type Covered: - Synthetic vaccines - Conjugate vaccines - Live attenuated vaccines - Dendritic cells vaccines - Toxoid vaccines - Recombinant vector vaccines - Subunit vaccines - Inactivated vaccines Regions Covered: - North America - US - Canada - Mexico - Europe - Germany - France - Italy - UK - Spain - Rest of Europe - Asia Pacific - Japan - China - India - Australia - New Zealand - Rest of Asia Pacific - Rest of the World - Middle East - Brazil - Argentina - South Africa - Egypt Request Sample Copy http://www.reportsweb.com/inquiry&RW0001216352/sample . What our report offers: - Market share assessments for the regional and country level segments - Market share analysis of the top industry players - Strategic recommendations for the new entrants - Market forecasts for a minimum of 7 years of all the mentioned segments, sub segments and the regional markets - Market Trends (Drivers, Constraints, Opportunities, Threats, Challenges, Investment Opportunities, and recommendations) - Strategic recommendations in key business segments based on the market estimations - Competitive landscaping mapping the key common trends - Company profiling with detailed strategies, financials, and recent developments - Supply chain trends mapping the latest technological advancements Make an enquiry: http://www.reportsweb.com/inquiry&RW0001216352/buying . Contact Information: ReportsWeb.com Priya Sisodia Tel: +1-646-491-9876 Email us This is a press release. Press release distribution and press release services by EmailWire.Com: http://www.emailwire.com/us-press-release-distribution.php. 
   Search All categoriesAdvertising  GeneralAerospace  GeneralAgriculture  GeneralAirlines  GeneralAmerica - Post 9/11  GeneralApparel  GeneralApple Products  GeneralArchitectural  GeneralArchitecture  ArchitectureArt & Entertainments  Books  Celebrities  Country Music  Dance  Magazines  Movies  Museums  Music  Music Downloads  News & Talk Shows  Performing Arts  Photography  Television  Web SitesArts/Culture  GeneralAuction  GeneralAutomotive  Aftermarket  Classic Autos  Consumer Publications  General  Motorcycle & Bike  Racing  Recreational Vehicle  Repair & Service  Trade PublicationsBlogging & Social Media  Blogging & Social MediaBusiness  Advertising / Marketing  Books  Consumer Research  Direct Marketing  e-Commerce  Entrepreneurs  Finance  Franchise  Human Resources  Insurance  Investment  Management  Markets  Network Marketing  Online Marketing / SEO  Payday Loans  Public Relations  Publications  Real Estate  Retail  Stocks  Supermarkets  Women in BusinessCareers/HR  GeneralChemical  GeneralCoaching / Mentoring  Coaching / MentoringComputers  Apple Products  Databases  Games & Entertainment  General  Hosting  Instruction  Linux / GNU "Open Source"  Macintosh  Microsoft Windows PC  Operating Systems  Programming  Security  Software  Tablet PCs  UtilitiesConstruction  GeneralConsumer  Gifts and Collectibles  Hobbies  Web sites / InternetDesign  Graphic Design  Industrial  WebE-Cigarette  GeneraleCommerce  GeneralEconomy  GeneralEducation  College / University  General  Home Schooling  K-12  Post Graduate  TechnicalElectronics  GeneralEmail Marketing  GeneralEmailWire Press Releases  Press Release TipsEmployment/Careers  GeneralEngineering  GeneralEntertainment  GeneralEnvironment  GeneralEvents / Trade Shows  GeneralFinance  GeneralFood  GeneralFranchise  GeneralFraud / Identity Theft  GeneralGaming  GeneralGovernment  General  Judicial  Law Enforcement  Legislative  Local  National  Public Services  Security  State  TransportationHealthcare  GeneralHome and Family  Banking / Personal Finance  Bereavement / Loss  Home Furnishings / Interiors  Landscaping & Gardening  Marriage / Relationships  Money  Parenting  Payday Loans  Pets  Taxes  Wedding / BridalHome Schooling  GeneralHotels/Resorts  GeneralHousehold  GeneralIndustry  Aerospace / Defense  Agriculture  Apparel / Textiles  Broadcast  Construction / Building  Electrical  Food  Funeral  Healthcare  Leisure / Hospitality  Logistics / Shipping  Manufacturing / Production  Mining / Metals  Oil / Energy  Paper / Forest Products  Plumbing, Heating & AC  Print Media  Printing  Publishing  Radio  Restaurants  Tobacco  ToyInsurance  GeneralInternet/Online  GeneralLegal  GeneralLeisure  GeneralLifestyle  Beauty  Dating / Singles  Diet / Weight Loss  Fashion  Food / Beverage  Health & Fitness  Hotel / Resorts  Pastimes  Restaurants  Retirement  Travel & TourismMachinery  GeneralMaritime  GeneralMedical  Addiction  Allergies  Alternative Medicine  Asthma  Cancer  Cardiology  Chiropractic  Dental  Dermatology  Diabetes  Emergency  Family Medicine  General  General  Geriatrics  Hospitals  Infectious Diseases  Internal Medicine  Managed Care / HMO  Medical Products  Mental Health  Neurology  Nursing  Nutrition  OB / GYN  Pediatrics  Pharmaceuticals  Physical Therapy  Plastic Surgery  Psychology  Radiology / Imaging  Research  Sports Medicine  Surgery  VisionMilitary  GeneralMining/Metals  GeneralMiscellaneous  GeneralNanotechnology  NanotechnologyNon-profit  GeneralOccupational Safety  Occupational SafetyOil/Energy  GeneralOpinion / Editorial  Opinion / EditorialPaper Products  GeneralPaper/Forest  GeneralPharmaceuticals  GeneralPodcasting  Announce  Tools and ServicesPolitics  PoliticsPrint Media  GeneralPublic Utilities  Public UtilitiesPublishing  GeneralRadio  GeneralReal Estate  GeneralReligion  Christian  General  Islam  Jewish  OtherRestaurants  GeneralRetail  GeneralRSS & Content Syndication  RSS & Content SyndicationScience and Research  Science and ResearchSelf-Help / Personal Growth  Self-Help / Personal GrowthShipbuilding  GeneralSociety  African American Interests  Asian Interests  Childrens Issues  Disabled Issues / Disabilities  Gay / Lesbian  Hispanic  Mens Interests  Native American  Senior Citizens  Social Services  Teen Issues/Interests  Womens InterestSoftware  GeneralSports  Baseball  Basketball  Bicycling  Boating / Maritime  Bowling  Boxing  Fishing  Football  Golf  Hockey  Hunting  Martial Arts  Outdoors  Rugby  Soccer  Tennis  Water  Winter/SnowSports/Fitness  GeneralStocks  GeneralSupermarkets  GeneralTechnology  Biotechnology  Computer  Electronics  Enterprise Software  Games  Graphics/Printing/CAD  Hardware / Peripherals  Industrial  Information  Internet  Multimedia  Networking  Public Sector/Government  Robotics  Semiconductor  Software  Telecommunications  WebmastersTelecom  General  WirelessTelevision  GeneralTobacco  GeneralTrade  GeneralTransportation  GeneralTravel  GeneralUtilities  GeneralVolunteer  VolunteerWeather  Weather Advertising | How to contact us | Privacy Statement | EmailWire Press Releases | Partnership Opportunities EmailWire is a press release distribution service of GroupWeb Media LLC. © Copyright GroupWeb Media LLC 2017
Contact Us Journalists Blog Log In Sign Up Send a Release News Solutions Resources Search News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News dansk Deutsch español Français italiano Nederlands norsk português suomeksi svenska Cross-border Cooperation in R&D on the Rise, Speeding Growth of Science|Business Network News provided by Science|Business Publishing Ltd Jan 17, 2017, 03:00 ET Share this article BRUSSELS, January 17, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- Brexit, healthcare management, EU R&D planning and other hot-button topics drive expansion of Brussels-based innovation network to more than 50 members from 17 countries  Rising demand for cross-border cooperation in science and technology is driving a rapid expansion of the Science|Business Network of universities, companies and innovation agencies - with membership passing 50 organisations. During 2016, 15 new organisations - from France, the Netherlands, Finland, Spain, the US, Switzerland and South Africa - joined the Network, pushing the total number of members and partners to 52. This growth reflects an increasing interest, despite today's many political and economic uncertainties, in finding better ways to connect across borders for collaboration in research and innovation, and in the development of policies that affect it. "There may be fears of global conflict in some quarters, but at least in the area of science and technology we see more, not less, desire to find partners across borders," said Maryline Fiaschi, managing director of Science|Business. That's reflected in the addition during 2016 of new members and partners including Université Aix-Marseille, the University of Amsterdam, Amgen, Novartis, Merck Sharp & Dohme, Finnish innovation agency Tekes, the Eureka Secretariat, the University of Eastern Finland, the South African Department of Science & Technology, and the Barcelona Supercomputing Center. The Network, a membership organisation focused on research and innovation based in Brussels, organises private and public meetings, reports and strategies for members. Said Naledie Pandor, minister of science and technology for the Republic of South Africa: "International cooperation in science and technology is a strategic imperative for South Africa. We have therefore developed a vibrant and diverse portfolio of partnerships, which enables us to share in international expertise and experience, and importantly contribute our resources as part of a global response to our shared societal challenges. "In this context we value our strategic cooperation with Science|Business as it permits the deepening and expansion of especially our European ties. We are determined to put global innovation partnerships at the service of our society and continent, and cooperation with Science|Business is a valuable resource for this mission." Yvon Berland, president of another new member, top-rated Université Aix-Marseille, said: "When we decided to become a member of the Science|Business Network, I considered its two main assets: first, it's the only place where universities and industries, at that level, can collaborate on both research and innovation policies and actions. That's essential for Aix-Marseille University, and for all of us. Second, no other network allows us to conduct substantive long-term projects and at the same time to react very quickly to news". Another new member, US biotech giant Amgen, became a founding partner of Science|Business' new platform for health policy, Healthy Measures. Corinne Le Goff, senior vice president, Amgen Europe, said: "In an era of healthcare reform in Europe, Amgen is committed to act as a partner in the healthcare system by providing value-based healthcare (VBHC) solutions. VBHC solutions that are truly patient-centric - integrated across the patient care pathway and personalized to patient conditions, circumstances and preferences - and valuable in the real world, proven through evidence generation, with the aim to enhance health delivery across Europe. We have joined the Science|Business Healthy Measures multi-stakeholder communications platform as we believe that sustainable healthcare systems across Europe will need strong collaboration among trusted partners and key stakeholders." About Science|Business:  The Science|Business Network, founded in 2004 by three prominent European science and technology journalists, brings leaders in academia, industry and policy together for regular private and public meetings to debate policy, share intelligence, and develop recommendations to government. It also publishes a regular newsletter on EU research and innovation policy, which today marked its 500th edition. A special focus of the group during 2017 is planning for the European Union's next Framework Programme for research and innovation; the impact of Brexit on science and education; and the development of open data and cloud computing services for researchers. In addition, the group launched a specialised platform on 8 November 2016 to improve the quality of healthcare around Europe by better use of patient data. Other topics to be covered by the Network during 2017 include R&D into military, maritime and industrial technologies, and the bioeconomy. http://www.sciencebusiness.net SOURCE Science|Business Publishing Ltd Dec 01, 2015, 03:59 ET Preview: The Barcelona Climate Declaration My News Release contains wide tables. View fullscreen. You just read: Cross-border Cooperation in R&D on the Rise, Speeding Growth of Science|Business Network News provided by Science|Business Publishing Ltd Jan 17, 2017, 03:00 ET Share this article Looking to send a news release with PR Newswire? Take advantage of the world's leading distribution platform. Sign up to get started Request more information Have an account? Log In Phone 8AM - 10PM ET +1-888-776-0942 Send a Release Sign Up Blog For Journalists Contact Us Search Searching for your content... Advanced Search Contact 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Chat Online with an Expert Contact Us Solutions Cision Communication Cloud™ For Marketers For Public Relations For IR & Compliance For Agency For Small Business All Products About About PR Newswire About Cision Become a Publishing Partner Become a Channel Partner Careers   Global Sites Asia Brazil Canada Europe Finland France India Israel Mexico Middle East Netherlands Sweden United Kingdom My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Terms of Use Privacy Policy Information Security Policy Statement Site Map RSS Feeds Copyright © 2017 PR Newswire Association LLC. All Rights Reserved. A Cision company. News Solutions Resources News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News dansk Deutsch español Français italiano Nederlands norsk português suomeksi svenska Phone +1-888-776-0942 8AM - 10PM ET Chat Chat Online with an Expert All contact info Send a ReleaseLog In
Regulatory News Search Search Products & Services    News Releases Close Send a release Become a client For journalists Global sites Asia Brazil Canada Finland France India Israel Mexico Netherlands Sweden United States See more news releases in Publishing & Information Services | Corporate Expansion | Surveys, Polls and Research Cross-border Cooperation in R&D on the Rise, Speeding Growth of Science|Business Network BRUSSELS, January 17, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- Brexit, healthcare management, EU R&D planning and other hot-button topics drive expansion of Brussels-based innovation network to more than 50 members from 17 countries  Rising demand for cross-border cooperation in science and technology is driving a rapid expansion of the Science|Business Network of universities, companies and innovation agencies - with membership passing 50 organisations. During 2016, 15 new organisations - from France, the Netherlands, Finland, Spain, the US, Switzerland and South Africa - joined the Network, pushing the total number of members and partners to 52. This growth reflects an increasing interest, despite today's many political and economic uncertainties, in finding better ways to connect across borders for collaboration in research and innovation, and in the development of policies that affect it. "There may be fears of global conflict in some quarters, but at least in the area of science and technology we see more, not less, desire to find partners across borders," said Maryline Fiaschi, managing director of Science|Business. That's reflected in the addition during 2016 of new members and partners including Université Aix-Marseille, the University of Amsterdam, Amgen, Novartis, Merck Sharp & Dohme, Finnish innovation agency Tekes, the Eureka Secretariat, the University of Eastern Finland, the South African Department of Science & Technology, and the Barcelona Supercomputing Center. The Network, a membership organisation focused on research and innovation based in Brussels, organises private and public meetings, reports and strategies for members. Said Naledie Pandor, minister of science and technology for the Republic of South Africa: "International cooperation in science and technology is a strategic imperative for South Africa. We have therefore developed a vibrant and diverse portfolio of partnerships, which enables us to share in international expertise and experience, and importantly contribute our resources as part of a global response to our shared societal challenges. "In this context we value our strategic cooperation with Science|Business as it permits the deepening and expansion of especially our European ties. We are determined to put global innovation partnerships at the service of our society and continent, and cooperation with Science|Business is a valuable resource for this mission." Yvon Berland, president of another new member, top-rated Université Aix-Marseille, said: "When we decided to become a member of the Science|Business Network, I considered its two main assets: first, it's the only place where universities and industries, at that level, can collaborate on both research and innovation policies and actions. That's essential for Aix-Marseille University, and for all of us. Second, no other network allows us to conduct substantive long-term projects and at the same time to react very quickly to news". Another new member, US biotech giant Amgen, became a founding partner of Science|Business' new platform for health policy, Healthy Measures. Corinne Le Goff, senior vice president, Amgen Europe, said: "In an era of healthcare reform in Europe, Amgen is committed to act as a partner in the healthcare system by providing value-based healthcare (VBHC) solutions. VBHC solutions that are truly patient-centric - integrated across the patient care pathway and personalized to patient conditions, circumstances and preferences - and valuable in the real world, proven through evidence generation, with the aim to enhance health delivery across Europe. We have joined the Science|Business Healthy Measures multi-stakeholder communications platform as we believe that sustainable healthcare systems across Europe will need strong collaboration among trusted partners and key stakeholders." About Science|Business:  The Science|Business Network, founded in 2004 by three prominent European science and technology journalists, brings leaders in academia, industry and policy together for regular private and public meetings to debate policy, share intelligence, and develop recommendations to government. It also publishes a regular newsletter on EU research and innovation policy, which today marked its 500th edition. A special focus of the group during 2017 is planning for the European Union's next Framework Programme for research and innovation; the impact of Brexit on science and education; and the development of open data and cloud computing services for researchers. In addition, the group launched a specialised platform on 8 November 2016 to improve the quality of healthcare around Europe by better use of patient data. Other topics to be covered by the Network during 2017 include R&D into military, maritime and industrial technologies, and the bioeconomy. http://www.sciencebusiness.net SOURCE Science|Business Publishing Ltd Journalists and Bloggers Visit PR Newswire for Journalists for releases, photos and customised feeds just for media. View and download archived video content distributed by MultiVu on The Digital Center. Next in Publishing & Information Services News   Get content for your website Enhance your website's or blog's content with PR Newswire's customised real-time news feeds. Start today.       Contact PR Newswire Send us an email at MarketingUK@prnewswire.co.uk or call us at +44 (0)20 7454 5382       Become a PR Newswire client Request more information about PR Newswire products & services or call us at +44 (0)20 7454 5382     Products & Services Knowledge Centre Browse News Releases Meet the Media Contact PR Newswire About PR Newswire Contact PR Newswire PR Newswire's Terms of Use Apply Privacy and Cookie Policy Site Map RSS Feeds Blog Copyright © 2017 PR Newswire Association LLC. All Rights Reserved. A Cisioncompany. Powered by Clickability.
About Future Staff Contact Privacy Policy Search for: Select Press Releases Home / Press Releases / Global Monoclonal Antibody Therapeutics Market: Spike in Cancer Cases Around the World to Ensure Swift Uptake, Predicts TMR Global Monoclonal Antibody Therapeutics Market: Spike in Cancer Cases Around the World to Ensure Swift Uptake, Predicts TMR Posted on January 16, 2017 by ReleaseWire - Latest Press Releases in Press Releases Conceptual image of a businessman holding big hammer Albany, NY — (SBWIRE) — 01/16/2017 — Several market players are collaborating with local and well-established companies and research facilities to strengthen their position. Transparency Market Research has observed that companies will continue to partner in order to reduce the high cost involved in the production of monoclonal antibodies, investments in research and development, and need for trained staff. Some of the leading players operating in the demanding global market are Bayer AG, Pfizer Inc., Sanofi, F. Hoffmann-La Roche Ltd., Merck & Co., Inc., GlaxoSmithKline Plc., Novartis AG, and AbbVie Inc. The extensive research report by Transparency Market Research states that the global monoclonal antibody therapeutics market will be worth US$245.8 bn by 2024 from US$86.7 bn in 2015. During the forecast years of 2016 and 2024, the global market is expected to rise at a CAGR of 12.6%. Access to Affordable Healthcare across North America Amplifies Demand for Monoclonal Antibody Therapeutics View Full Report at: http://www.transparencymarketresearch.com/monoclonal-antibody-therapeutics-market.html Monoclonal antibody therapeutics are used for treating cancer, autoimmune diseases, infection, ophthalmological diseases, and hematological diseases among others. Of these, the autoimmune diseases segment is projected to rise at a phenomenal pace during the forecast period. Increasing incidence of autoimmune diseases that affect the overall population has triggered a significant demand for these therapeutics. All throughout the forecast period of 2016 and 2024, the global market is expected to rise at a CAGR of 13.5%. In terms of geography, the global market is segmented into North America, Europe, Asia Pacific, Latin America, and the Middle East and Africa. Regionally, North America is expected to dominate the global market due to growing healthcare facilities across the region. Furthermore, affordable healthcare available to patients has also augmented the demand for monoclonal antibody therapeutics across North America during the forecast period. By the end of 2024, the North America monoclonal antibody therapeutics market is expected to acquire a share of 37.9% in the global market. Approvals and Commercialization of New Products Ups Sales The global monoclonal antibody therapeutics market is expected to grow at a remarkable pace due to the high incidence of chronic diseases like cancer. The growing health concerns and the increasing diagnoses of cancer in various stages as boosted the demand for these therapeutics in recent years. The latest research by the World Health Organization predicts that the world will witness a 70% spike in the overall cancer cases, of which 60% of the cases will be attributable to Latin America, Asia, and Africa. The incremental approvals in monoclonal antibody products across Europe and the U.S. have also contributed to soaring revenue of the global market. The report by TMR suggests that about five to six monoclonal antibodies are approved each year in these regions. Out of the 60 monoclonal antibodies approved in Europe in 2015, 48 have hit the market. Thus, the widening product portfolio that comes in a broad price range has also played a key role in encouraging the uptake of monoclonal antibody therapeutics. High Cost of Production Dissuades Market Growth Though the market is estimated to have a bright potential, it is likely to be shadowed by a few restraints. The increasing production of biosimilars that are also used for treating various chronic conditions and autoimmune diseases are expected to eat into the market share of monoclonal antibody therapeutics market. Furthermore, the patent cliff of several products is also likely to have a negative impact on the overall earnings of the global market. The market is also anticipated to face a tough challenge due to the high cost of monoclonal antibodies as their production is exceptionally time-consuming and demands strict adherence to rules and regulations. This review is based on Transparency Market Research's report, titled "Monoclonal Antibody Therapeutics Market – Global Industry Analysis, Size, Share, Volume, Growth, Trends, and Forecast, 2016 – 2024." Download Sample Copy of Report at: http://www.transparencymarketresearch.com/sample/sample.php?flag=S&rep_id=18209 The monoclonal antibody therapeutics market has been segmented as follows: Monoclonal Antibody Therapeutics Market, by Application Cancer Autoimmune diseases Infection Hematological diseases Ophthalmological diseases Others Monoclonal Antibody Therapeutics Market, by Source Human Humanized Chimeric Others Monoclonal Antibody Therapeutics Market, by End Users Hospitals Private Clinics Research Institute Monoclonal Antibody Therapeutics Market, by Geography North America U.S. Canada Latin America Brazil Mexico Rest of Latin America Europe U.K. Germany Spain Italy France Rest of Europe Asia Pacific India Japan China Australia New Zealand Rest of Asia Pacific Middle East and Africa South Africa Saudi Arabia A.E. Rest of MEA Browse Our new press releases: http://www.transparencymarketresearch.com/pressrelease/monoclonal-antibody-therapeutics-market.htm For more information on this press release visit: http://www.sbwire.com/press-releases/global-monoclonal-antibody-therapeutics-market-spike-in-cancer-cases-around-the-world-to-ensure-swift-uptake-predicts-tmr-760765.htm Media Relations Contact Rohit Bhisey Head Transparency Market Research Telephone: 518-618-1030 Email: Click to Email Rohit Bhisey Web: http://www.transparencymarketresearch.com/ Latest News Greenberg Traurig’s Shareholder Danielle N. Garno Appointed to the Children’s Home Society of Florida Statewide Board SHAREHOLDER ALERT: Pomerantz Law Firm Reminds Shareholders with Losses on their Investment in General Cable Corporation of Class Action Lawsuit and Upcoming Deadline – BGC SHAREHOLDER ALERT: Pomerantz Law Firm Reminds Shareholders with Losses on their Investment in PayPal Holdings, Inc., eBay, Inc. of Class Action Lawsuit and Upcoming Deadline – PYPL, EBAY SHAREHOLDER ALERT: Pomerantz Law Firm Reminds Shareholders with Losses on their Investment in Rent-A-Center, Inc. of Class Action Lawsuit and Upcoming Deadline – RCII SHAREHOLDER ALERT: Pomerantz Law Firm Reminds Shareholders with Losses on their Investment in Universal Health Services, Inc. of Class Action Lawsuit and Upcoming Deadline – UHS SHAREHOLDER ALERT: Pomerantz Law Firm Reminds Shareholders with Losses on their Investment in Illumina, Inc. of Class Action Lawsuit and Upcoming Deadline – ILMN Green Solar Technologies Announces Partnership with Generac Power Systems UHY LLP Reports: Personal Property Tax Filing Season is Underway EQUITY ALERT: Lundin Law PC Announces Securities Class Action Lawsuit against Facebook, Inc. and Encourages Investors with Losses to Contact the Firm Former U-M Dean David C. Munson Jr. Named Rochester Institute of Technology’s 10th President © 2015 SSUChronicle. All rights reserved. Top Optimization WordPress Plugins & Solutions by W3 EDGE
Latest News Dow 20,094 -7.13 -0.04% Nasdaq 5,661 +5.61 +0.10% S&P 500 2,295 -1.99 -0.09% 6:43 P.M. ET Trump signs executive actions at Pentagon on immigrants and military 6:40 P.M. ET Potential Amazon partnership exciting for PayPal, analysts say 6:16 P.M. ET Updated The next anchor at your mall could be a food hall 6:08 P.M. ET Updated This is what $20 million hidden under a mattress looks like 6:08 P.M. ET How the Dow gives active fund management a good name 6:06 P.M. ET Updated Looking to get a mortgage in 2017? Here’s what you need to know 6:06 P.M. ET Updated Mexican billionaire Carlos Slim: ‘The best wall is opportunities, growth and employment in Mexico’ 6:02 P.M. ET Updated Corporate insiders have a stock market surprise for you 5:43 P.M. ET Super Bowl Ad: Mr. Clean 5:38 P.M. ET Updated These are the largest employers in the U.S. — state by state 5:30 P.M. ET Updated Washington Post op-ed writer: ‘Look, I don’t need Steve Bannon’s permission to do my job’ 5:00 P.M. ET Why a Trump trade war is a danger to the S&P 500 4:37 P.M. ET Super Bowl Ad: Intel 4:36 P.M. ET Updated Dow ends landmark week with a whimper 4:35 P.M. ET Gorbachev: ‘The current situation is too dangerous’ 4:35 P.M. ET Lowe's board OKs $5 billion share buyback program 4:34 P.M. ET Super Bowl Ad: Skittles 4:29 P.M. ET Updated Will you have to pay for your parents’ retirement? 4:27 P.M. ET Updated 35 is the new 20: All four Australian Open finalists are over 30 years old 4:25 P.M. ET Updated Chili’s menu may not be as well-suited to takeout as Olive Garden’s, analysts say Log In Home News Viewer Video SectorWatch Podcasts First Take Games Portfolio My MarketWatch News Viewer Markets U.S. Europe/Middle East Emerging Markets Asia Canada SectorWatch Columns Market Snapshot Movers & Shakers The Tell Currencies Futures Movers Pre-Market News Tools Earnings Wall Markets Overview IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar Currency Tools Futures Contracts Market Screener Hulbert Interactive Investing Stocks Mutual Funds ETFs Options Bonds Commodities Currencies Futures Hedge Funds/Insider Trades Getting Started MarketWatch Adviser Columns Options Trader Revolution Investing Tools Stock Screener Funds Finder ETF Screener Options Screener IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar More... Personal Finance 10 Things Big Spender Real Estate Spending & Saving Taxes Columns The Moneyologist Brett Arends Bill Bischoff Amy Hoak Chuck Jaffe Jennifer Openshaw Jennifer Waters Tools Funds Finder Today's Rates Retirement Retire Here, Not There Encore Taxes How-to Guides Social Security Estate Planning Events Columns Robert Powell's Retirement Portfolio Andrea Coombes's Working Retirement Tools Retirement Planner How long will my money last? Economy Federal Reserve Capitol Report Economic Report Columns Darrell Delamaide Irwin Kellner Rex Nutting Tools Economic Calendar Real Estate Location Scouts realtor.com My MarketWatch Watchlist Alerts Games Log In Bulletin Dow, S&P 500 close lower Friday but break 2-week losing streak Home Press Release Immunotherapy Drugs Market by Type of Drugs, Therapy Area, End-User, Region - Global Forecast to 2021 By Published: Jan 18, 2017 6:26 p.m. ET Share LONDON, Jan. 18, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- The global immunotherapy drugs market is projected to reach USD 201.52 billion by 2021 from USD 108.41 billion in 2016, growing at a CAGR of 13.5% during the forecast period of 2016 to 2021. In this report, the immunotherapy drugs market is segmented on the basis of type of drugs, therapy area, end user, and region. Increasing adoption of targeted therapies with fewer side effects, quicker drug approval processes, and high prevalence rate of lifestyle diseases are major growth drivers of this market. On the other hand, the high cost of immunotherapy treatment, and high attrition rate in the product development cycle are the major factors hindering the growth of the immunotherapy drugs market. However, rising opportunities in the emerging markets, and immunotherapy as an alternative to chemotherapy for first line treatment are the factors supporting the growth of immunotherapy drugs market. Based on type of drugs, the market is segmented into monoclonal antibodies, adult vaccines, checkpoint inhibitors, interferons alpha & beta, interleukins, and others. Adult vaccines segment is further categorized into preventive vaccines and therapeutic vaccines. Monoclonal antibodies segment is expected to account for the largest market share in the immunotherapy drugs market, by type of drugs in 2016. On the other hand, checkpoint inhibitors segment is expected to be the fastest growing segment in the immunotherapy drugs market, by type of drugs, in 2016. The high growth of this segment can be attributed to factors such as increasing adoption of checkpoint inhibitors in cancer treatment with their ability to target only foreign cells leaving normal cells alone. On the basis of therapy area, the immunotherapy drugs market is segmented into cancer, autoimmune & inflammatory diseases, infectious diseases, and others. Among these segments, the cancer segment is expected to account for the largest market share in 2016. Cancer segment is also expected to be the fastest growing segment in the immunotherapy drugs market, by therapy area in 2016. The large share and high growth of this segment can be attributed to factor such as high preference for immunotherapy as a first line of treatment in cancer leading to growing demand for immunotherapy drugs. Based on geography, the immunotherapy drugs market is segmented into North America, Europe, Asia-Pacific, and Rest of the World. North America is expected to account for largest share in the immunotherapy drugs market, by region in 2016. Asia-Pacific is expected to be the fastest-growing regional segment in the immunotherapy drugs market. The high growth of this segment can primarily be attributed to the low cost of manufacturing and acceptable regulatory scenario in this region. Acquisitions and new product approval was the most widely adopted growth strategy pursued by players in the immunotherapy drugs market, to increase their shares and cater to the unmet needs. The major players operating in the immunotherapy drugs market include F. Hoffmann-La Roche AG (Switzerland), GlaxoSmithKline (U.K.), AbbVie, Inc. (U.S.), Amgen, Inc. (U.S.), Merck & Co., Inc. (U.S.). Bristol-Myers Squibb (U.S.), Novartis International AG (Switzerland), Eli Lilly and Company (U.S.), Johnson & Johnson (U.S.), and AstraZeneca plc (U.K.). Research Coverage:The report provides a picture immunotherapy drugs market across different industry verticals and regions. It aims at estimating the market size and future growth potential of this market across different segments such as type of drugs, therapy area, end user, and region. Furthermore, the report also includes an in-depth competitive analysis of the key players in the market along with their company profiles, recent developments, and key market strategies. Reasons to buy this report:This report will enable both established firms as well as new entrants/smaller firms to gauge the pulse of the market, which in turn will help these firms garner greater market shares. Firms purchasing the report can use any one or a combination of the below-mentioned five strategies (market penetration, product development/innovation, market development, market diversification, and competitive assessment) for strengthening their market shares. The report provides insights on the following pointers:- Market Penetration: Comprehensive information on the product portfolios of the top players in the immunotherapy drugs market. The report provides an analysis of the immunotherapy drugs market, by treatment modality, application, and region Product Development/Innovation: Detailed insights on the upcoming technologies, R&D activities, and new product launches in the immunotherapy drugs market Market Development: Comprehensive information about lucrative emerging markets. This report provides an analysis of the immunotherapy drugs market across regions Market Diversification: Exhaustive information about new products, untapped geographies, recent developments, and investments in the global immunotherapy drugs market Competitive Assessment: In-depth assessment of market strategies, product portfolios, and manufacturing capabilities of the leading players in the global immunotherapy drugs market Download the full report: https://www.reportbuyer.com/product/4605996/ About ReportbuyerReportbuyer is a leading industry intelligence solution that provides all market research reports from top publishershttp://www.reportbuyer.com For more information: Sarah SmithResearch Advisor at Reportbuyer.com Email: query@reportbuyer.com Tel: +44 208 816 85 48 Website: www.reportbuyer.com   To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/immunotherapy-drugs-market-by-type-of-drugs-therapy-area-end-user-region---global-forecast-to-2021-300393250.html SOURCE ReportBuyer Copyright (C) 2017 PR Newswire. All rights reserved Most Popular Two things are happening in the U.S. stock market for the first time since 1900 Looking to get a mortgage in 2017? Here’s what you need to know Trump calls U.S.-Mexico trade one-sided — and here’s the reality These are the largest employers in the U.S. — state by state This is what $20 million hidden under a mattress looks like MarketWatch Partner Center Luxury Real Estate Ivanka Trump, Jared Kushner reportedly buy $5.6 million house in D.C. View More Barron's Next Why a deal for Kate Spade looks almost inevitable View More Real Estate The surprising cities where you’ll find America’s newest and oldest homes View More SectorWatch Here's what Trump means for health care View More Sponsored Headlines MarketWatch Site Index Topics Help Feedback Newsroom Roster Media Archive Premium Products Mobile Company Company Info Code of Conduct Corrections Advertising Media Kit Advertise Locally Reprints & Licensing Broker Center Your Ad Choices Dow Jones Network WSJ.com Barron's Online BigCharts Virtual Stock Exchange Financial News Online WSJ.com Small Business realtor.com Mansion Global Back to Top Copyright ©2017 MarketWatch, Inc. All rights reserved. By using this site you agree to the Terms of Service, Privacy Policy, and Cookie Policy. Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. Intraday data delayed per exchange requirements. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real time last sale data provided by NASDAQ. More information on NASDAQ traded symbols and their current financial status. Intraday data delayed 15 minutes for Nasdaq, and 20 minutes for other exchanges. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. SEHK intraday data is provided by SIX Financial Information and is at least 60-minutes delayed. All quotes are in local exchange time. Advanced Search Stocks Columns Authors Topics No results found LatestNews
Skip to main content The Straits Times World Toggle navigation Home Singapore Politics Asia World United States Europe Middle East Americas Africa Videos Multimedia Photos Graphics Lifestyle Food Forum Letters in Print Letters on the Web Readers' Post Opinion ST Editorial Cartoons Business Companies & Markets Economy Banking Property Invest Sport Football Tennis Formula One Basketball Golf Schools Tech Smartphones Tablets PCs Cameras Audio Wearables Games & Apps More Multimedia Forum Opinion Business Sport Tech SPH Websites SITES AsiaOne Berita Harian Hardwarezone herworldPLUS Lianhe Wanbao My Paper Omy razor SGCarMart ShareInvestor SRX Property STCars STClassifieds STJobs STProperty STOMP tabla Tamil Murasu The Business Times The New Paper ZaoBao Print Edition ePaper In Brief: Firms unite to plug hydrogen as fuel Convened on the sidelines of the World Economic Forum, the first Hydrogen Council brought together 13 firms, among them top carmakers BMW and Honda, as well as industrial gas firms Air Liquide and Linde.PHOTO: AFP PublishedJan 19, 2017, 5:00 am SGT More Share Tweet Linkedin Pin Google+ Reddit Print Purchase Article Permalink: http://str.sg/4Wr7 Copy Firms unite to plug hydrogen as fuel Over a dozen leading European and Asian firms have teamed up to promote the use of hydrogen as a clean fuel and cut the production of harmful gases that lead to global warming. Convened on the sidelines of the World Economic Forum, the first Hydrogen Council brought together 13 firms, among them top carmakers BMW, Daimler, Honda, Hyundai and Toyota as well as industrial gas firms Air Liquide and Linde. Others at the gathering late on Tuesday included energy firms Alstom, Engie, Shell and Total as well as mining company Anglo American. AGENCE FRANCE-PRESSE Drugmakers to aid poor nations Two decades after they were spurred into action to tackle Aids in Africa, global drugmakers said yesterday they would invest US$50 million (S$71.2 million) over three years to fight cancer and other non-communicable diseases in poor countries. Twenty-two companies - including Pfizer, Merck , Novartis, Roche, Sanofi and GlaxoSmithKline - will provide funds and expertise to the project, which is backed by the World Bank. The so-called Access Accelerated initiative was announced at the World Economic Forum in Davos and aims to improve both treatment and prevention. REUTERS 'New collar' work  in the future Fears that artificial intelligence will steal jobs are largely unfounded, said IBM chief executive Ginni Rometty, as the technology will instead work cohesively with most professions. "It is a partnership between man and machine, if you want to put it that way," Mrs Rometty said in an interview on CNBC at the World Economic Forum, as reported on its website. Artificial intelligence will replace some jobs, but most humans will be working with AI systems, she said. IBM itself has expanded its cognitive computer, Watson, over the past few years. In the future, there won't be blue-collar or white-collar jobs. She coined it "new collar", she told CNBC. A version of this article appeared in the print edition of The Straits Times on January 19, 2017, with the headline 'In Brief'. Print Edition | Subscribe Topics:  SWITZERLAND WORLD ECONOMIC FORUM More Share Tweet Linkedin Pin Google+ Reddit Print Permalink: http://str.sg/4Wr7 Copy BrandInsider Sponsored Content imda_a1-25298_2017jan23_300x200_st_native_ad.jpg Cornerstone of Market Research Firm's PDPA Compliance st_native_300x200.jpg Meet Audi's A Team at Singapore Motorshow arrival-300x200.jpg Arrival: Finally, an alien movie we can believe in Shopping #1 dryest diaper in the market from Korea! Buy now & get free gift! SK-II Pitera Set suitable for V'day gift! Get now while stocks last! Lowest price ever! Save $400 on Dyson V6 only for first 30 sets! Save $240 on OnePlus 3T! Limited to first 20 sets only!! More Deals on Qoo10 Subscribe to The Straits Times call 6388-3838 or click here Available for iPhones and iPads Available in Google Play Back to the top Singapore Politics Asia World Videos Multimedia Lifestyle Food Forum Opinion Business Sport Tech Follow ST The Straits Times SPH Digital News / Copyright © 2017 Singapore Press Holdings Ltd. Co. Regn. No. 198402868E. All rights reserved | Terms & Conditions | Data Protection Policy | Advertise with us We have been experiencing some problems with subscriber log-ins and apologise for the inconvenience caused. Until we resolve the issues, subscribers need not log in to access ST Digital articles. But a log-in is still required for our PDFs. Close
null
Latest News Dow 20,094 -7.13 -0.04% Nasdaq 5,661 +5.61 +0.10% S&P 500 2,295 -1.99 -0.09% 6:43 P.M. ET Trump signs executive actions at Pentagon on immigrants and military 6:40 P.M. ET Potential Amazon partnership exciting for PayPal, analysts say 6:16 P.M. ET Updated The next anchor at your mall could be a food hall 6:08 P.M. ET Updated This is what $20 million hidden under a mattress looks like 6:08 P.M. ET How the Dow gives active fund management a good name 6:06 P.M. ET Updated Looking to get a mortgage in 2017? Here’s what you need to know 6:06 P.M. ET Updated Mexican billionaire Carlos Slim: ‘The best wall is opportunities, growth and employment in Mexico’ 6:02 P.M. ET Updated Corporate insiders have a stock market surprise for you 5:43 P.M. ET Super Bowl Ad: Mr. Clean 5:38 P.M. ET Updated These are the largest employers in the U.S. — state by state 5:30 P.M. ET Updated Washington Post op-ed writer: ‘Look, I don’t need Steve Bannon’s permission to do my job’ 5:00 P.M. ET Why a Trump trade war is a danger to the S&P 500 4:37 P.M. ET Super Bowl Ad: Intel 4:36 P.M. ET Updated Dow ends landmark week with a whimper 4:35 P.M. ET Gorbachev: ‘The current situation is too dangerous’ 4:35 P.M. ET Lowe's board OKs $5 billion share buyback program 4:34 P.M. ET Super Bowl Ad: Skittles 4:29 P.M. ET Updated Will you have to pay for your parents’ retirement? 4:27 P.M. ET Updated 35 is the new 20: All four Australian Open finalists are over 30 years old 4:25 P.M. ET Updated Chili’s menu may not be as well-suited to takeout as Olive Garden’s, analysts say Log In Home News Viewer Video SectorWatch Podcasts First Take Games Portfolio My MarketWatch News Viewer Markets U.S. Europe/Middle East Emerging Markets Asia Canada SectorWatch Columns Market Snapshot Movers & Shakers The Tell Currencies Futures Movers Pre-Market News Tools Earnings Wall Markets Overview IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar Currency Tools Futures Contracts Market Screener Hulbert Interactive Investing Stocks Mutual Funds ETFs Options Bonds Commodities Currencies Futures Hedge Funds/Insider Trades Getting Started MarketWatch Adviser Columns Options Trader Revolution Investing Tools Stock Screener Funds Finder ETF Screener Options Screener IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar More... Personal Finance 10 Things Big Spender Real Estate Spending & Saving Taxes Columns The Moneyologist Brett Arends Bill Bischoff Amy Hoak Chuck Jaffe Jennifer Openshaw Jennifer Waters Tools Funds Finder Today's Rates Retirement Retire Here, Not There Encore Taxes How-to Guides Social Security Estate Planning Events Columns Robert Powell's Retirement Portfolio Andrea Coombes's Working Retirement Tools Retirement Planner How long will my money last? Economy Federal Reserve Capitol Report Economic Report Columns Darrell Delamaide Irwin Kellner Rex Nutting Tools Economic Calendar Real Estate Location Scouts realtor.com My MarketWatch Watchlist Alerts Games Log In Bulletin Dow, S&P 500 close lower Friday but break 2-week losing streak Home Press Release Global Chemotherapy-induced Nausea and Vomiting Drugs Market 2017-2021: Increasing Inorganic Growth Strategies Fuel Market Growth - Research and Markets By Published: Jan 18, 2017 12:42 p.m. ET Share DUBLIN, Jan 18, 2017 (BUSINESS WIRE) -- Research and Markets has announced the addition of the "Global Chemotherapy-induced Nausea and Vomiting Drugs Market 2017-2021" report to their offering. The global CINV drugs market to grow at a CAGR of 5.41% during the period 2017-2021. Global Thoracic Surgery Market 2017-2021, has been prepared based on an in-depth market analysis with inputs from industry experts. The report covers the market landscape and its growth prospects over the coming years. To calculate the market size, the report considers the revenue generated from the sales of CINV drugs. According to the report, the high unmet medical need in the market has driven the R&D activities of existing as well as new vendors. Helsinn is one of the leading companies that has a strong pipeline of CINV drugs with two drug candidates in Phase III and Phase I stages. Helsinn has collaborated with Taiho Pharmaceutical for the development and commercialization of netupitant IV in Japan. Heron Therapeutics is developing HTX-019, currently in Phase I stage, for the prevention and treatment of CINV. In addition, new vendors such as Shin Nippon Biomedical Laboratories and Acacia Pharma are aggressively advancing their pipeline to launch new drugs during the forecast period. Key Vendors: GlaxoSmithKline Helsinn Heron Therapeutics Merck Tesaro Other Prominent Vendors: Acacia Pharma Aphios Baxter Healthcare Dr. Reddy's Laboratories Eisai Especificos Stendhal F. Hoffmann-La Roche Kyowa Hakko Kirin Lee's Pharmaceutical Holdings Midatech Pharma Mundipharma Teva Pharmaceuticals Others Key Topics Covered: Part 01: Executive summary Part 02: Scope of the report Part 03: Market research methodology Part 04: Introduction Part 05: Disease overview Part 06: Pipeline analysis Part 07: Market landscape Part 08: Market segmentation by therapy Part 09: Geographical segmentation Part 10: Market drivers Part 11: Impact of drivers Part 12: Market challenges Part 13: Impact of drivers and challenges Part 14: Market trends Part 15: Vendor landscape Part 16: Key vendor analysis Part 17: Appendix For more information about this report visit http://www.researchandmarkets.com/research/jjw8vb/global View source version on businesswire.com: http://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20170118006045/en/ SOURCE: Research and Markets Research and Markets Laura Wood, Senior Manager press@researchandmarkets.com For E.S.T Office Hours Call 1-917-300-0470 For U.S./CAN Toll Free Call 1-800-526-8630 For GMT Office Hours Call +353-1-416-8900 U.S. Fax: 646-607-1907 Fax (outside U.S.): +353-1-481-1716 Related Topics: Gastrointestinal Drugs , Gastrointestinal Drugs Copyright Business Wire 2017 Most Popular Two things are happening in the U.S. stock market for the first time since 1900 Looking to get a mortgage in 2017? Here’s what you need to know Trump calls U.S.-Mexico trade one-sided — and here’s the reality These are the largest employers in the U.S. — state by state This is what $20 million hidden under a mattress looks like MarketWatch Partner Center Luxury Real Estate Ivanka Trump, Jared Kushner reportedly buy $5.6 million house in D.C. View More Barron's Next Why a deal for Kate Spade looks almost inevitable View More Real Estate The surprising cities where you’ll find America’s newest and oldest homes View More SectorWatch Here's what Trump means for health care View More Sponsored Headlines MarketWatch Site Index Topics Help Feedback Newsroom Roster Media Archive Premium Products Mobile Company Company Info Code of Conduct Corrections Advertising Media Kit Advertise Locally Reprints & Licensing Broker Center Your Ad Choices Dow Jones Network WSJ.com Barron's Online BigCharts Virtual Stock Exchange Financial News Online WSJ.com Small Business realtor.com Mansion Global Back to Top Copyright ©2017 MarketWatch, Inc. All rights reserved. By using this site you agree to the Terms of Service, Privacy Policy, and Cookie Policy. Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. Intraday data delayed per exchange requirements. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real time last sale data provided by NASDAQ. More information on NASDAQ traded symbols and their current financial status. Intraday data delayed 15 minutes for Nasdaq, and 20 minutes for other exchanges. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. SEHK intraday data is provided by SIX Financial Information and is at least 60-minutes delayed. All quotes are in local exchange time. Advanced Search Stocks Columns Authors Topics No results found LatestNews
Contact Us Journalists Blog Log In Sign Up Send a Release News Solutions Resources Search News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News dansk Deutsch español Français italiano Nederlands norsk português suomeksi svenska Astellas Announces Participation in Access Accelerated Builds on Company Commitment to improve Access to Health News provided by Astellas Pharma Inc. Jan 18, 2017, 09:00 ET Share this article TOKYO, Jan. 18, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- Astellas Pharma Inc. (President and CEO: Yoshihiko Hatanaka, "Astellas" ) today announced its participation in Access Accelerated, a global, multi-stakeholder initiative to advance access to non-communicable disease (NCD) prevention, diagnostics and treatment in low-income and lower-middle income countries. Together with 21 other leading pharmaceutical companies and in collaboration with the World Bank Group and the Union for International Cancer Control (UICC), Astellas will work towards the United Nations Sustainable Development Goal target to reduce premature deaths from NCDs by one-third by 2030. ''We have an important social responsibility to improve access to health for patients around the world, and we will help develop sustainable solutions,'' said Yoshihiko Hatanaka, President and CEO at Astellas. In the midst of various health epidemics, NCDs such as cancer, cardiovascular diseases, chronic respiratory diseases, diabetes and mental health disorders are public health burdens worldwide. While an aging population and increased risk due to lifestyle choices are contributing factors to this increasing burden, low-income and lower-middle income countries often have under-resourced healthcare systems with multiple barriers that limit access to diagnosis, treatment and care. As part of Access Accelerated, Astellas and the participating organizations will seek to find and advance new solutions to address gaps in access for NCDs. Astellas is committed to the long-term sustainability of society by improving Access to Health and medical solutions, fostering scientific advancement and enhancing the health of our communities. The company has been actively engaged in some select R&D programs for neglected tropical diseases, including contributing scientific expertise for the development of a pediatric formulation for the treatment of Schistosomiasis and collaborative research to discover anti-protozoan parasite drugs. To help address NCDs, Astellas has accelerated its Action on Fistula initiative with the aim of transforming the lives of patients in Kenya who have an obstetric fistula. Through this program, more than 1,200 patients have been treated with reconstructive surgery. About Access Accelerated Access Accelerated is a first-of-its-kind, multi-stakeholder collaboration focused on improving NCD care. Involving more than 20 pharmaceutical companies, the initiative works with partners such as World Bank Group and the Union for International Cancer Control (UICC) to help overcome a variety of access barriers to NCD medicines in low-income and lower-middle income countries. Access Accelerated will support multi-stakeholder dialogue and begin on-the-ground work to improve NCD prevention, diagnosis and treatment.  Contributing companies include: Almirall, Astellas, Bayer, Bristol-Myers Squibb, Celgene, Chugai, Daiichi Sankyo, Eisai, Eli Lilly and Company, EFPIA, GlaxoSmithKline, The International Federation of Pharmaceutical Manufacturers and Associations (IFPMA), Johnson & Johnson, JPMA, Menarini, Merck, MSD, Novartis, Pfizer, PhRMA, Roche, Sanofi, Shionogi, Sumitomo Dainippon, Takeda and UCB. IFPMA will act as the Secretariat for Access Accelerated. For more information, please visit accessaccelerated.org. About Non-Communicable Diseases NCDs, including cancers, cardiovascular diseases, chronic respiratory disease, diabetes and mental health disorders are the leading causes of death and disability worldwide. This places a double burden on communities and economies around the world already combating infectious diseases. About Astellas Astellas Pharma Inc., based in Tokyo, Japan, is a company dedicated to improving the health of people around the world through the provision of innovative and reliable pharmaceutical products. We focus on Urology, Oncology, Immunology, Nephrology and Neuroscience as prioritized therapeutic areas while advancing new therapeutic areas and discovery research leveraging new technologies/modalities. We are also creating new value by combining internal capabilities and external expertise in the medical/healthcare business. Astellas is on the forefront of healthcare change to turn innovative science into value for patients. For more information, please visit our website at www.astellas.com/en.   To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/astellas-announces-participation-in-access-accelerated-300392575.html SOURCE Astellas Pharma Inc. Related Links https://www.astellas.com/en Dec 21, 2016, 09:00 ET Preview: Astellas Completes Acquisition of Ganymed Pharmaceuticals My News Release contains wide tables. View fullscreen. Also from this source Dec 21, 2016, 09:00 ETAstellas Completes Acquisition of Ganymed Pharmaceuticals Dec 20, 2016, 08:00 ETAstellas Announces FDA Fast Track Designation for ASP0892, DNA... Explore More news releases in similar topics Biotechnology Health Care & Hospitals Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals You just read: Astellas Announces Participation in Access Accelerated News provided by Astellas Pharma Inc. Jan 18, 2017, 09:00 ET Share this article Looking to send a news release with PR Newswire? Take advantage of the world's leading distribution platform. Sign up to get started Request more information Have an account? Log In Phone 8AM - 10PM ET +1-888-776-0942 Send a Release Sign Up Blog For Journalists Contact Us Search Searching for your content... Advanced Search Contact 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Chat Online with an Expert Contact Us Solutions Cision Communication Cloud™ For Marketers For Public Relations For IR & Compliance For Agency For Small Business All Products About About PR Newswire About Cision Become a Publishing Partner Become a Channel Partner Careers   Global Sites Asia Brazil Canada Europe Finland France India Israel Mexico Middle East Netherlands Sweden United Kingdom My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Terms of Use Privacy Policy Information Security Policy Statement Site Map RSS Feeds Copyright © 2017 PR Newswire Association LLC. All Rights Reserved. A Cision company. News Solutions Resources News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News dansk Deutsch español Français italiano Nederlands norsk português suomeksi svenska Phone +1-888-776-0942 8AM - 10PM ET Chat Chat Online with an Expert All contact info Send a ReleaseLog In
Contact Us Journalists Blog Log In Sign Up Send a Release News Solutions Resources Search News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News dansk Deutsch español Français italiano Nederlands norsk português suomeksi svenska Global Influenza Vaccines - World Industry Market Outlook 2017-2027 News provided by Visiongain Ltd Jan 18, 2017, 09:01 ET Share this article Visiongain Ltd, January 18, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- Forecasts for Trivalent Influenza Vaccines (TIV) & Quadrivalent Influenza Vaccines (QIV), Analysis of Pipeline Developments For Fluzone / VaxiGrip, Seqirus, Fluarix / FluLaval, FluMist / Fluenz, FluBlok and Other The latest report from business intelligence provider visiongain offers comprehensive analysis of the global influenza vaccines market. Visiongain assesses that this market will generate revenues of $4.97 billion in 2017. How this report will benefit you Read on to discover how you can exploit the future business opportunities emerging in this sector. Visiongain's new study tells you and tells you NOW. In this brand new 147 page report you find 64 in-depth tables, charts and graphs - all unavailable elsewhere. The report provides clear detailed insight into the global Influenza market. Discover the key drivers and challenges affecting the market. By ordering and reading our brand new report today you stay better informed and ready to act. Report Scope Visiongain's new investigation shows revenue predictions at overall world market, submarket, company, product and national level. That study gives individual analysis for two influenza vaccine submarkets, which are further divided by vaccine technologies: • Trivalent Influenza Vaccines (TIV) • Quadrivalent Influenza Vaccines (QIV) Our new analysis also shows you revenue predictions for the vaccines produced by these five market leaders: and their market share • Sanofi Pasteur • GSK • Seqirus • AstraZeneca • Protein Science Corporation. • Others To see a report overview please email Sara Peerun on sara.peerun@visiongainglobal.com From 2017, large pharmaceutical companies and other biopharma specialists can prosper in that market. See how, discovering organisations' potentials. Our report analyses the vaccines in research and development and assess their prospects once they enter the market. The R&D pipeline discusses: • Seasonal Influenza vaccines in development • Universal Influenza vaccines in development The report includes forecasts and analysis of pipeline developments for the following specific vaccines • Fluzone / VaxiGrip • Seqirus • Fluarix / FluLaval • FluMist / Fluenz • FluBlok • Other The study shows you prospects for those drug sales in developed and developing regions. There see individual revenue forecasts to 2027 for 11 countries: • United States • Japan • The EU 5 - Germany, France, United Kingdom, Italy and Spain. • Brazil, Russia, India and China. Who should read this report? • Anyone within the influenza vaccines value chain. • Pharmaceutical companies • Vaccine manufacturers • Healthcare biotech companies • Generics and biosimilar producers • Drug delivery companies and other technology providers • Contract/clinical research organisations (CROs) • Pharma contract manufacturers, • Pharma/healthcare wholesale and distribution companies • Medical device companies • Healthcare diagnostics companies • R&D specialists • Business development managers • Marketing managers • Technologists • Suppliers • Investors • Banks • Government agencies • Contractors Visiongain's study is intended for anyone requiring commercial analyses for the influenza vaccines market and leading companies. You find data, trends and predictions. Buy our report today Global Influenza Vaccines - World Industry Market Outlook 2017-2027: Forecasts for Trivalent Influenza Vaccines (TIV) & Quadrivalent Influenza Vaccines (QIV), Analysis of Pipeline Developments For Fluzone / VaxiGrip, Seqirus, Fluarix / FluLaval, FluMist / Fluenz, FluBlok and Other. Avoid missing out by staying informed - get our report now. To request a report overview of this report please emails Sara Peerun at sara.peerun@visiongainglobal.com or call Tel: +44 (0) 20 7336 6100 Or click on https://www.visiongain.com/Report/1769/Global-Influenza-Vaccines-World-Industry-Market-Outlook-2017-2027 Companies and Other Organisations Mentioned in the Report  Advisory Committee for Immunization Practices Astellas Pharmaceuticals AstraZeneca Bharat Immunologicals and Biologicals Corporation Limited Binnopharm bioCSL BioManguinhos/Oswaldo Cruz Foundation BiondVax BiondVax Bionor Brazilian Ministry of Health Butantan Institute Center for Biologics Evaluation and Research Centre for Disease Control and Prevention China National Biotech Group China's National Regulatory Authority Chinese Food and Drug Administration CSL CureVac Daiichi Sankyo Dynavax Flanders Institute Food and Drug Administration FORT Fresenius Pharmaceuticals Gamma Vaccines Gavi Alliance Glaxo Smith Klein GlaxoWellcome Global Influenza Programme Grippol Health Service Bureau, Japan Immune Targeting Systems Indian Association of Paediatrics Janssen Pharmaceuticals Jenner Institute, University of oxford Johnson & Johnson Krka Pharmaceuticals Medicago Medicare MedImmune Merck MSD Pharmaceuticals National Health Service, UK Novartis Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development Panacea Biotech Partnership for Influenza Vaccine Introduction Petrovax Pfizer Protein Science Corporation Sanofi Pasteur Servizio Sanitario Nationale Shionogi Pharmaceuticals Sistema Unico de Saude SmithKline Beecham Takeda Pharmaceuticals Terumo Pharmaceuticals The Ministry of Health, Labour and Welfare, Japan The Scripps Research Institute Ultriks US Department of Health and Human Services VaxInnate WHO Strategic Advisory Group of Experts World Health Organization To see a report overview please email Sara Peerun on sara.peerun@visiongainglobal.com SOURCE Visiongain Ltd Jan 19, 2017, 09:01 ET Preview: Global Anti-Obesity Drugs Market Forecast 2017-2027 Jan 16, 2017, 09:01 ET Preview: Internet Of Things (IOT) Market Report 2017-2022 My News Release contains wide tables. View fullscreen. Also from this source Jan 25, 2017, 09:01 ETGeneric Drugs Market Forecast 2017-2027 Jan 24, 2017, 09:01 ETGlobal Liquid Biopsy Market Forecast 2017-2027 Explore More news releases in similar topics Publishing & Information Services Health Care & Hospitals Medical Pharmaceuticals Pharmaceuticals Surveys, Polls and Research You just read: Global Influenza Vaccines - World Industry Market Outlook 2017-2027 News provided by Visiongain Ltd Jan 18, 2017, 09:01 ET Share this article Looking to send a news release with PR Newswire? Take advantage of the world's leading distribution platform. Sign up to get started Request more information Have an account? Log In Phone 8AM - 10PM ET +1-888-776-0942 Send a Release Sign Up Blog For Journalists Contact Us Search Searching for your content... Advanced Search Contact 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Chat Online with an Expert Contact Us Solutions Cision Communication Cloud™ For Marketers For Public Relations For IR & Compliance For Agency For Small Business All Products About About PR Newswire About Cision Become a Publishing Partner Become a Channel Partner Careers   Global Sites Asia Brazil Canada Europe Finland France India Israel Mexico Middle East Netherlands Sweden United Kingdom My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Terms of Use Privacy Policy Information Security Policy Statement Site Map RSS Feeds Copyright © 2017 PR Newswire Association LLC. All Rights Reserved. A Cision company. News Solutions Resources News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News dansk Deutsch español Français italiano Nederlands norsk português suomeksi svenska Phone +1-888-776-0942 8AM - 10PM ET Chat Chat Online with an Expert All contact info Send a ReleaseLog In
Menu Home About/Contact Privacy Policy Staff Follow Home World U.S. Business Entertainment Technology Sports Science Health Education Home » Headlines » Business » Global Anti-Hypertensive Drugs Market: Global Industry Analysis, Industry Outlook and Strategies to 2023 Global Anti-Hypertensive Drugs Market: Global Industry Analysis, Industry Outlook and Strategies to 2023 By satyamspot   /   Wednesday, 18 Jan 2017 02:30AM   /   Comments Off on Global Anti-Hypertensive Drugs Market: Global Industry Analysis, Industry Outlook and Strategies to 2023   /   27 views share The latest market report published by Credence Research, Inc. “Global Anti-Hypertensive Drugs Market – Growth, Share, Opportunities, Competitive Analysis, and Forecast, 2016 – 2023,” the global anti-hypertensive drugs  market was valued at USD 32,214.3 Mn in 2015, and is expected to reach USD 34,925.7 Mn by 2023, expanding at a CAGR of 1.2% from 2016 to 2023. Market Insights Hypertension is commonly observed chronic condition, in which the blood pressure is elevated abnormally both systolic and diastolic. This is major risk factor for causing cardiovascular, renal or endocrine disorder. The normal blood pressure level is 120-140mm Hg systolic and 60-90mm Hg diastolic any elevation above it is considered as hypertension. The major reason for the rise in prevalence of hypertension is lifestyle change, unhealthy food habits and demographic ageing. Anti-hypertensive drugs are used to reduce the level of blood pressure, different drug class of drugs with different mechanism of action exist in the market. The antihypertensive market is growing with increased patient pool especially geriatric population and extensive research and development for novel pipeline drug. The global antihypertensive market show robust growth in forecast period, but it face threat of genericization and increased competition due to patent expiry. Browse the full report Global Anti-Hypertensive Drugs Market – Growth, Share, Opportunities, Competitive Analysis, and Forecast, 2016 – 2023 report at http://www.credenceresearch.com/report/anti-hypertensive-drugs-market Anti-Hypertensive are categorized by drug class type as Diuretics, Angiotensin receptor blockers (ARBs), Anti-Hypertensive Drugs, Beta blockers, Alpha blockers, Calcium channel blockers, Renin inhibitors and Vasodilators. ACE inhibitor occupies the largest market share in terms of value due to mechanism of action and is preferred in geriatric population and diabetes patient as first line of treatment as antihypertensive drug. Beta blockers follow next in line due to preference of physician over diuretic, which are most commonly used. Based on the drug class type, the global Anti-hypertensive drugs market is segmented as follows: Diuretics ACE inhibitors ARBs Calcium Channel Blockers Beta – Adrenergic blocker Alpha – Adrenergic blocker Central Sympatholyics Renin inhibitors Vasodilators As of the current market scenario, North America is the largest regional market for anti-hypertensive drugs market, followed by the Europe and Asia Pacific. The major factors driving the North America rise in prevalence of hypertension and other associated chronic disease especially in geriatric population, novel drugs in pipeline and upcoming use of combination therapies. Europe major market contributor are UK, Germany, France, Italy and Spain due to factors such as increase in prevalence of hypertension and unmet need for treatment of chronic disease, health care program planning and expenditure. Asia-Pacific is the fastest growing market due to rise population and incidence of chronic diseases due to alteration in lifestyle changes; and health care infrastructure and government expenditure. Thus developed market dominates the antihypertensive drugs market, with developing economies booming at fast rate. Market Competition Assessment: Key players in the global Anti-Hypertensive drugs market are Novartis AG, Astra Zeneca, Pfizer Inc., Acetelion Ltd, Sanofi S.A., Merck & Co., Boehringer Ingelheim, Lupin Limited, Johnson & Johnson Ltd.,  Astra Zeneca Plc, Daiichi Sankyo Company Limited and Ranbaxy Laboratories Limited, Inc., Takeda Pharmaceutical, Bayer AG etc. Key Market Movements: Rising prevalence of hypertension due to various factors such as growing population, change in unhealthy lifestyle etc. Extensive R&D for new treatment regimen and new drug approval in pipeline Evolving use of combination therapy to lower the blood pressure and decrease in adverse effect Request Sample: http://www.credenceresearch.com/sample-request/58287 Latest Reports: http://www.credenceresearch.com/report/irritable-bowel-syndrome-ibs-with-Diarrhea-drugs-market http://www.credenceresearch.com/report/opioid-induced-constipation-oic-drugs-market http://www.credenceresearch.com/report/chronic-idiopathic-constipation-cic-drugs-market About Us: Credence Research is a worldwide market research and counseling firm that serves driving organizations, governments, non-legislative associations, and not-for-benefits. We offer our customers some assistance with making enduring enhancements to their execution and understand their most imperative objectives. Over almost a century, we’ve manufactured a firm extraordinarily prepared to this task. Contact: Name: Chris Smith Designation: Global Sales Manager E-mail: sales@credenceresearch.com Ph: 1-800-361-8290 Web:  http://www.credenceresearch.com/ Share this: Share on Tumblr Global Violas Sales Market Share, Growth by Top Company, Region, Application, Driver, Trends & Forecasts by 2021, Acute Market Reports < Previous Recent Updates: United States Windscreen Wiper Size, Share, Growth, Outlook and Forecast 2021, Acute Market Reports Next > Recommended stories you may like: Clinical Nutrition Market has been expected to grow at 4.6% CAGR during 2016-2023- Credence Research Business Survey 2023 – Global Citrus Essential Oils Market Size, Regional Outlook Forecast Report – Credence Research Methylene Dichloride Market Research Report Now Available at Research Corridor Disposable Infusion Market Research Report Now Available at Research Corridor Connect with us Latest News Clinical Nutrition Market has been expected to grow at 4.6% CAGR during 2016-2023- Credence ResearchJan 27, 2017, Comments Off on Clinical Nutrition Market has been expected to grow at 4.6% CAGR during 2016-2023- Credence Research Global Clean Label Ingredients Market is expected to grow US$ 52.9 Bn till 2023 – Credence ResearchJan 27, 2017, Comments Off on Global Clean Label Ingredients Market is expected to grow US$ 52.9 Bn till 2023 – Credence Research Business Survey 2023 – Global Citrus Essential Oils Market Size, Regional Outlook Forecast Report – Credence ResearchJan 27, 2017, Comments Off on Business Survey 2023 – Global Citrus Essential Oils Market Size, Regional Outlook Forecast Report – Credence Research Methylene Dichloride Market Research Report Now Available at Research CorridorJan 27, 2017, Comments Off on Methylene Dichloride Market Research Report Now Available at Research Corridor Disposable Infusion Market Research Report Now Available at Research CorridorJan 27, 2017, Comments Off on Disposable Infusion Market Research Report Now Available at Research Corridor Direct Digital Imaging System Market Research Report Now Available at Research CorridorJan 27, 2017, Comments Off on Direct Digital Imaging System Market Research Report Now Available at Research Corridor Digital Radiography Equipment Market Research Report Now Available at Research CorridorJan 27, 2017, Comments Off on Digital Radiography Equipment Market Research Report Now Available at Research Corridor Computer X Ray Imaging Equipment Market Research Report Now Available at Research CorridorJan 27, 2017, Comments Off on Computer X Ray Imaging Equipment Market Research Report Now Available at Research Corridor Trash Compactor Market Research Report Now Available at Research CorridorJan 27, 2017, Comments Off on Trash Compactor Market Research Report Now Available at Research Corridor Swimming Pool Filter Pump Market Research Report Now Available at Research CorridorJan 27, 2017, Comments Off on Swimming Pool Filter Pump Market Research Report Now Available at Research Corridor Other Media Sites Mobile Computing Today PDF Devices © Copyright 2015 Run Direct Magazine. All Rights Reserved.
Menu Home About/Contact Privacy Policy Staff Follow Home World U.S. Business Entertainment Technology Sports Science Health Education Home » Headlines » Business » Angiotensin Converting Enzyme (ACE) Inhibitors Market – Growth, Share, Opportunities, Competitive, Analysis and Forecast 2016 to 2023 – Credence Research Angiotensin Converting Enzyme (ACE) Inhibitors Market – Growth, Share, Opportunities, Competitive, Analysis and Forecast 2016 to 2023 – Credence Research By satyamspot   /   Wednesday, 18 Jan 2017 01:27AM   /   Comments Off on Angiotensin Converting Enzyme (ACE) Inhibitors Market – Growth, Share, Opportunities, Competitive, Analysis and Forecast 2016 to 2023 – Credence Research   /   38 views share The latest market report published by Credence Research, Inc. “Global Angiotensin Converting Enzyme (ACE) Inhibitors Market – Growth, Share, Opportunities, Competitive Analysis, and Forecast, 2016 – 2022,” the angiotensin converting enzyme (ACE) inhibitors market was valued at USD 11,477.1 Mn in 2015, and is expected to reach USD 11,094.6 Mn by 2023, expanding at a CAGR of (0.5%) from 2016 to 2023. Market Insights ACE inhibitors are class of drugs (angiotensin-converting enzyme inhibitors) that block the conversion of angiotensin I to angiotensin II, used in the treatment of hypertension and congestive heart failure and in the prevention of micro vascular complications of diabetes mellitus. According to World Health Organization (WHO), globally cardiovascular disease accounts for approximately 17 million deaths a year, nearly one third of the total. Of these, complications of hypertension account for 9.4 million deaths worldwide every year ACE inhibitors market is segmented on the basis of application and type of drug. The type of drug segment comprises of benazepril, captopril, enalapril, fosinopril, lisinopril, moexipril,perindopril, quinapril, ramipril, trandolapril, and combination ACE inhibitors. Browse the full report Angiotensin Converting Enzyme (ACE) Inhibitors Market – Growth, Share, Opportunities, Competitive Analysis, and Forecast, 2016 – 2023 at http://www.credenceresearch.com/report/angiotensin-converting-enzyme-ace-inhibitors-market All ACE inhibitors bind to tissue and plasma protein. Whereas free drug is eliminated relatively rapidly by the kidney predominantly by glomerular filtration, binding to tissue sites means that the plasma concentration-time profile shows a long lasting terminal elimination phase. The prototype ACE inhibitor, captopril, is absorbed and eliminated rapidly. Enalapril, like most of the later ACE inhibitors, is an inactive pro-drug that requires hydrolysis during or after absorption to generate the active acid form, enalaprilat. Lisinopril is an analogue of enalapril and is itself active. Geography segmentation of ACE inhibitors comprised regions such as North America, Europe, Asia Pacific, Latin America, Middle East and Africa. Each geography market is further split to provide market revenue for select countries such as the U.S., Canada, U.K. Germany, China, Japan, Brazil, and GCC countries. North America was observed as the largest regional market for ACE inhibitors market. North America constitutes regional markets of U.S. and Canada, the rising prevalence of cardiovascular and kidney diseases, mounting obesity in the population and supportive reimbursement policies are the key drivers for periodical growth of ACE inhibitors market in this region. The developed healthcare infrastructure, and high public awareness related to diagnosis, treatment and management of lifestyle diseases are the key factors assisting the growth of North America ACE inhibitors market. Market Competition Assessment: The ACE inhibitors market is observed as the most diversified and competitive market comprising large number of players.  The market is dominated by several players, depending on their major competencies. The key players in this market are Abbott Laboratories, Pfizer, Inc., Novartis AG, Merck & Co., Astra Zeneca plc, Jhonson and Johnson Limited, Eli Lilly and Company, Sanofi SA, Bristol-Myers Squibb Company, Bayer AG, GlaxoSmithKline plc, Teva Pharmaceutical Industries Ltd., and others. Key Market Movements: Lisinopril and ramipril are most popular than comparable drugs due to dosage convenience, good insurance coverage, and higher efficiency along with low side-effects The rising prevalence of hypertension and diabetes, and high public awareness related with early diagnosis and management of these disorders are the key factors assisting the overall ACE inhibitors market Chronic kidney disorders application segment was observed as the fastest moving segment in overall ACE inhibitors market throughout the forecast period Request Sample: http://www.credenceresearch.com/sample-request/58053 Latest Reports: http://www.credenceresearch.com/report/rare-earth-metals-market http://www.credenceresearch.com/report/smart-kitchen-appliances-market http://www.credenceresearch.com/report/europe-hair-brush-market About Us: Credence Research is a worldwide market research and counseling firm that serves driving organizations, governments, non-legislative associations, and not-for-benefits. We offer our customers some assistance with making enduring enhancements to their execution and understand their most imperative objectives. Over almost a century, we’ve manufactured a firm extraordinarily prepared to this task. Contact: Name: Chris Smith Designation: Global Sales Manager E-mail: sales@credenceresearch.com Ph: 1-800-361-8290 Web:  http://www.credenceresearch.com/ Share this: Share on Tumblr Healthcare CRM and Contact Centre Systems Market Research Report Now Available at Research Corridor < Previous Global Violas Sales Market Share, Growth by Top Company, Region, Application, Driver, Trends & Forecasts by 2021, Acute Market Reports Next > Recommended stories you may like: Clinical Nutrition Market has been expected to grow at 4.6% CAGR during 2016-2023- Credence Research Business Survey 2023 – Global Citrus Essential Oils Market Size, Regional Outlook Forecast Report – Credence Research Methylene Dichloride Market Research Report Now Available at Research Corridor Disposable Infusion Market Research Report Now Available at Research Corridor Connect with us Latest News Clinical Nutrition Market has been expected to grow at 4.6% CAGR during 2016-2023- Credence ResearchJan 27, 2017, Comments Off on Clinical Nutrition Market has been expected to grow at 4.6% CAGR during 2016-2023- Credence Research Global Clean Label Ingredients Market is expected to grow US$ 52.9 Bn till 2023 – Credence ResearchJan 27, 2017, Comments Off on Global Clean Label Ingredients Market is expected to grow US$ 52.9 Bn till 2023 – Credence Research Business Survey 2023 – Global Citrus Essential Oils Market Size, Regional Outlook Forecast Report – Credence ResearchJan 27, 2017, Comments Off on Business Survey 2023 – Global Citrus Essential Oils Market Size, Regional Outlook Forecast Report – Credence Research Methylene Dichloride Market Research Report Now Available at Research CorridorJan 27, 2017, Comments Off on Methylene Dichloride Market Research Report Now Available at Research Corridor Disposable Infusion Market Research Report Now Available at Research CorridorJan 27, 2017, Comments Off on Disposable Infusion Market Research Report Now Available at Research Corridor Direct Digital Imaging System Market Research Report Now Available at Research CorridorJan 27, 2017, Comments Off on Direct Digital Imaging System Market Research Report Now Available at Research Corridor Digital Radiography Equipment Market Research Report Now Available at Research CorridorJan 27, 2017, Comments Off on Digital Radiography Equipment Market Research Report Now Available at Research Corridor Computer X Ray Imaging Equipment Market Research Report Now Available at Research CorridorJan 27, 2017, Comments Off on Computer X Ray Imaging Equipment Market Research Report Now Available at Research Corridor Trash Compactor Market Research Report Now Available at Research CorridorJan 27, 2017, Comments Off on Trash Compactor Market Research Report Now Available at Research Corridor Swimming Pool Filter Pump Market Research Report Now Available at Research CorridorJan 27, 2017, Comments Off on Swimming Pool Filter Pump Market Research Report Now Available at Research Corridor Other Media Sites Mobile Computing Today PDF Devices © Copyright 2015 Run Direct Magazine. All Rights Reserved.
Post Profile for Your Business      Submit Press Release Join Now     Sign In   Businesses Articles Press Releases   Business Directory Products & Services Jobs Recent Press Releases Press Release Pricing Submit Press Release Businesses Products & Services Products Services Press Releases Jobs Press Release Pricing | News by Category | News by Country | News by US Region | Recent News | PR.com News on Your Site   Press Releases   SMi Group Press Release Receive press releases from SMi Group: By Email RSS Feeds: FDAs Approach to Generic Drug Development: Director of the Division of Therapeutic Performance to Deliver Keynote Address FDA will provide a keynote address at the 14th annual Controlled Release Delivery conference when it returns to London on the 3rd  4th April. London, United Kingdom, January 18, 2017 --(PR.com)-- Markham Luke, Director of Division of Therapeutic Performance from FDA will provide a spotlight presentation on day two of the conference. Markam will provide attendees with his presentation entitled "Generic drug development and evaluation: A U.S. FDA Perspective." He will explore bioequivalence in the setting of pharmaceuticals and discuss complex drug products. Furthermore, Markham will talk about how the FDA assists generic drug development. “The FDA is issuing a final rule on generic drug applications, hoping to quicken the generic approvals process. On October 6, 2016, the FDA published the rule in the Federal Register as a finalization to the proposed rule issued on February 6, 2015… The new rule intends to accelerate generic approvals by diminishing unnecessary litigation that delays the approval and marketing of generic drugs under 505(b)(2) applications and ANDAs.” *(Source) With the recent result of the U.S. Presidential Election, this presentation will prove to be a hot topic of discussion as during the election campaign, Donald Trump announced that if elected he will focus on the acceleration of generic drugs approval. This presents itself as the perfect opportunity to hear from the FDA on how they are currently going about generic drug development before Trump and his team implement any strategies. The 2017 programme will also focus on the latest innovations made within controlled release, the latest regulatory updates and how to overcome challenges made within the industry. The carefully selected speaker line-up features senior leaders in Controlled Release from, GSK, Merck, Actellion, Boehringer Ingleheim, Janssen, Altus Formulation, Ascendia Pharmaceuticals, Tecrea, Nanomerics and InnoCore Pharmaceuticals. A full speaker line-up and detailed conference agenda is available to download online at www.controlledreleasedelivery.com/prcom. Running alongside the conference will be a post conference workshop on "Challenges in Inhaled Drug Delivery," hosted by PA Consulting Group. Controlled Release Delivery Strengthening innovation and overcoming the challenging regulatory landscape 3rd & 4th April 2017 London, UK http://www.controlledreleasedelivery.com/prcom Controlled Release 2017 is sponsored by Buchi, Data Detection Technologies and Precision NanoSystems *(Source) http://bit.ly/2gbjHCc Contact Information: For all media enquiries contact Zoe Gale on Tel: +44 (0)20 7827 6032 / Email: zgale@smi-online.co.uk To register for the conference, visit www.controlledreleasedelivery.com/prcom or contact Ameenah Begum on Tel: +44 (0)20 7827 6166 / Email: abegum@smi-online.co.uk To sponsor, speak or exhibit at the conference, contact Alia Malick on Tel: +44 (0)20 7827 6168 / Email: amalick@smi-online.co.uk About SMi Group: Established since 1993, the SMi Group is a global event-production company that specializes in Business-to-Business Conferences, Workshops, Masterclasses and online Communities. We create and deliver events in the Defence, Security, Energy, Utilities, Finance and Pharmaceutical industries. We pride ourselves on having access to the world’s most forward thinking opinion leaders and visionaries, allowing us to bring our communities together to Learn, Engage, Share and Network. More information can be found at http://www.smi-online.co.uk. Contact Information SMi Group Zoe Gale +44 20 7827 6166 Contact http://www.controlledreleasedelivery.com/prcom Click here to view the list of recent Press Releases from SMi Group Promote Your Business Affiliate Program Link To Us Email this page to a friend PR.com Contact Us About Us Terms of Use Help
Never miss a great news story! Get instant notifications from Economic Times AllowNot now You can switch off notifications anytime using browser settings. SECTIONS ET APPS ET Android AppET iPhone AppET iPad AppET Wealth Android AppET Blackberry AppET Nokia AppET Markets Android AppET Markets iPhone AppET Money Android App ENGLISH हिन्दीગુજરાતી SIGN-IN FOLLOW US FACEBOOKTWITTERYOUTUBELINKEDINGOOGLE PLUSRSS Home Budget 2017MarketsNewsIndustrySmall BizPoliticsWealthMF TechJobsOpinionBlogsNRIMagazinesSlideshowsET NOWSpeedET Portfolio Markets Stocks IPOs/FPOs Market Stats Market Moguls Expert View Technicals Technical ChartVisualizeScreener Commodities ViewsNews Precious MetalsGold Petal DelhiGold PetalSilver MicroGold MGoldSilver MSilverGold GuineaSilver 1000OthersMentha Oil Oil & EnergyCrude Oil MiniBrent Crude OilNatural GasCrude OilOil Seeds & OilsCrude Palm OilCastor SeedSpicesCardamomPlantationKapasCotton Base MetalsLead MiniNickel MiniLeadAluminium MiniAluminiumNickelCopper MiniCopperZinc MiniZinc Forex Mobile Apps ET Markets Android AppET Markets iPhone App More BondsStock GameChartMantra Technicals Trading GameWebinarsSitemapDefinitions NewsLive BlogTrendsRecosEarningsETMarkets PodcastMarket PaathshalaAnnouncementsPolicyMarket CalendarStock Price Quotes ET Home›Markets›Stocks›News 04:05 PM | 27 Janmarket stats SENSEX 27,882174.32 NIFTY 50 8,64138.50 GOLD (MCX) (Rs/10g.) 28,360-25.00 USD/INR 68.03-0.05 Portfolio Loading... Select Portfolio and Asset Combination for Display on Market Band Select Portfolio Select Asset Class Stocks MF ETF Show More CREATE PORTFOLIO ADD INVESTMENT Download ET MARKETS APP Get ET Markets in your own language DOWNLOAD THE APP NOW +91 CHOOSE LANGUAGE ENG ENG - English HIN - हिन्दी GUJ - ગુજરાતી MAR - मराठी BEN - বাংলা KAN - ಕನ್ನಡ ORI - ଓଡିଆ TEL - తెలుగు TAM - தமிழ் Sensex rallies 174 points, Nifty50 tops 8,640; ICICI Bank top gainer Drag according to your convenience ET NOW RADIO ET NOW TIMES NOW Cadila set to buy US firm for $171 million By Divya Rajagopal, ET Bureau | Updated: Jan 18, 2017, 08.21 AM IST Post a Comment READ MORE ON » Zydus | product | Merck | markets | Lupin | Cadila Healthcare | Cadila RELATED COMPANIES EXPAND ADD TO Portfolio Watchlist OUTLOOK? +ve -ve Zydus x Loading data... ChartsValuation & Peer ComparisonCommunity Buzz Close ✕ Merck x Loading data... ChartsValuation & Peer ComparisonCommunity Buzz Close ✕ Lupin x Loading data... ChartsValuation & Peer ComparisonCommunity Buzz Close ✕ Cadila Healthcare x Loading data... ChartsValuation & Peer ComparisonCommunity Buzz Close ✕ Cadila x Loading data... ChartsValuation & Peer ComparisonCommunity Buzz Close ✕ Cadila HealthcareCadila EXPAND TO VIEW ALL Budget 2017: This Budget could be the toughest test of Modi's life. Read about it in our Budget 2017 coverage By Arijit Barman & Divya Rajagopal MUMBAI: Cadila Healthcare is set to acquire Californiabased speciality pharma company Sentynl Therapeutics for $171 million as the company looks for alternative ways to build its US business that has been held back by regulatory inspections, officials in the know said. Sentynl acquires, develops and commercialises prescription products, according to the company's website. It holds rights for opioid-based drug Abstral used for pain management among cancer patients. The overall market size of opioid based pain killer is an estimated $24 billion, though the sales of Abstral is to the tune of $10 million, with per month cost of treatment to the patient of $1500. For FY16, sources said, Sentinyl's EBIDTA was $35 million and Cadila valued the firm for just a little less than five times EV EBIDTA multiple. The brand Abstral too has changed many hands. In 2011 it was acquired by Galena Pharma from the Swedish company called Orexo. Galena later sold it to Sentynl in 2015 for $12 million. If the deal goes through, this would be the Ahmedabad-based company's first big value buy in the US market in recent years. Most of Cadila's 2016 buys were in India, the only significant buyout in the US market by the company was when it acquired three brands of Israeli drug maker Teva. An email sent to Cadila and Sentynl remained unanswered till the time of going to press. Pankaj Patel led Cadila is among the top five pharma companies in the country in terms of revenues -FY 16 topline was `7,035.30 crore -and has been on the prowl for a while having executed close to 25 M&A deals worldover since 1995. Since 2003, majority of the deals have been outbound to develop a presence in specific markets like Japan, Brazil, Spain & South Africa. In late 2011, they acquired Biochem, a domestic formulations business. Last December, Cadila's subsidiary Zydus Healthcare bought six brands from MSD Pharmaceuticals India, the local arm of US-based Merck. Though the US has been a significant market for the company , it has been conservative about big buyouts. It has mostly focussed on buying popular brands and small size drug companies in the domestic market in niche areas like gastro and antibiotic segments. It is one of the few Indian companies to have a head start in the biosimilar drugs market which earned revenues worth `3 billion in 2015 for Cadila. Unlike other Indian generic makers like Lupin and Sun, who have made half-a-billion dollar acquisitions in the US, Cadila's last significant buyout was in 2011, when the company acquired Neshar Pharmaceutical specialising in controlled substance. For Cadila, the recovery in the US business is key as Street has been waiting for cues on the company's clean-up of its key manufacturing unit in Moriaya which received a USFDA's warning letter. The regulatory overhaul saw net profit drop 29% YoY to Rs 338 crore for the September quarter. “We believe going forward the key will be product launches in the US.The company has 160 ANDAs pending approval which include some high-value oppor tunities like Lialda, (anti-inflammatory drug) transdermal patches, and other extended release formulations,“ says a Nomura report. “We see limited scope for further deterioration in financials and the company's US pipeline is interesting,“ Citi wrote in a note in October 2016. Stay on top of business news with The Economic Times App. Download it Now! DON'T MISSany stories, follow us on TwitterFollow FROM AROUND THE WEB Save this IIT aspirant from Kidney Failure! Milaap 10 people most affected by Modi’s anti-black money campaign CRITICSUNION Lodha Palava Smart city @Kalyan Shil Rd 1,2&3 bhk @37lac+ Lodha Palava Smart City Mumbai MORE FROM ECONOMIC TIMES Cisco to buy AppDynamics for $3.7 billion in growth push Air Force One - Perks of being the US President Australian Open: Roger Federer still the swiss king READ MORE ON » Zydus | product | Merck | markets | Lupin | Cadila Healthcare | Cadila To post this comment you must Log In/Connect with:Indiatimes Network or Fill in your details: Will be displayed Will not be displayed Will be displayed Share this Comment:Post to Twitter Have something to say? Post your comment To post this comment you must Log In/Connect with:Indiatimes Network Fill in your details: Will be displayed Will not be displayed Will be displayed Share this Comment:Post to Twitter Most Read Most Shared Most Commented Property sales may drop 30% in 2017; realty, related stocks up for more pain 11 smallcaps that surged up to 485% as Nifty reclaimed 8,600 in 60 sessions First merged Budget in 92 years: Top rail-linked stocks to watch Measures expected from Union Budget that could impact markets Pre-Budget rally: Sensex rallies 900 pts in four days despite odds; 3 reasons why More » Get a Quote Browse CompaniesABCDEFGHIJKLMNOPQRSTUVWXYZ|123456789 Browse Mutual FundsABCDEFGHIJKLMNOPQRSTUVWXYZ The Economic Times Live Market News Portfolio Mobile Live TV Newsletter Commodities Speed QnA Blogs Alerts RSS Other Times Group news sitesTimes of India|इकनॉमिक टाइम्स ઈકોનોમિક ટાઈમ્સ|Mumbai Mirror Times Now|Indiatimes नवभारत टाइम्स|महाराष्ट्र टाइम्स ವಿಜಯ ಕರ್ನಾಟಕ|Lifehacker Gizmodo|Eisamay|IGN India NavGujarat Samay Living and entertainmentTimescity|iDiva|Zoom| Luxpresso|Gaana|Happytrips| Cricbuzz|Get Smartapp Networkingitimes|MensXP.com Hot on the WebUnion Budget|Income Tax calculator Income Tax Slabs|Budget 2017 UP & Punjab Assembly Elections 2017|BUDGET 2017-What's Cheaper & Expensive Sensex, Nifty Live Servicesads2book|Gadgetsnow|Free Business Listings Simplymarry|Astrospeak|Timesjobs|Magicbricks|Zigwheels|Timesdeal| dineout|Filmipop|Remit2india|Gaana|Greetzap|Techradar|Alivear| Google Play | Manage Notifications About us/Advertise with us/Terms of Use & Grievance Redressal/Privacy Policy/Feedback/Sitemap/Code of Ethics//Disclaimer Copyright © 2017 Bennett, Coleman & Co. Ltd. All rights reserved. BACK TO TOP Digg Google Bookmarks StumbleUpon Reddit Newsvine Live Bookmarks Technorati Yahoo Bookmarks Blogmarks Del.icio.us ApnaCircle Mail This Article My Saved ArticlesSign inSign up Find this comment offensive? Choose your reason below and click on the Report button. This will alert our moderators to take actionName Reason for reporting:Foul languageSlanderousInciting hatred against a certain communityOthers Your Reason has been Reported to the admin.
Contact Us Journalists Blog Log In Sign Up Send a Release News Solutions Resources Search News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News dansk Deutsch español Français italiano Nederlands norsk português suomeksi svenska Institute for Clinical Immuno-Oncology White Paper Highlights the Challenges, Progress, and Priorities in Immunotherapy News provided by Association of Community Cancer Centers Jan 17, 2017, 14:52 ET Share this article ROCKVILLE, Md., Jan. 17, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- While momentum around immunotherapies for cancer continues to build, the high cost of these therapies places them at the center of debate about how best to define and measure value in cancer care. As these therapies are increasingly integrated into practice, all stakeholders—providers, patients, payers, and manufacturers—need to keep pace with emerging developments and real-world challenges. A new white paper from the Association of Community Cancer Centers (ACCC) Institute for Clinical Immuno-Oncology (ICLIO) highlights immunotherapy research from 2016, emerging policy issues and challenges that may impact the future of immuno-oncology in practice, and ICLIO resources to support the multidisciplinary cancer care team in delivering immunotherapies for cancer. The white paper, Immuno-Oncology: There's More to Discover, spotlights top-level concerns for the future of immunotherapy in practice, including: Payer and coverage policies continue to pose barriers to access to immunotherapies for cancer. Thus, providers in the community have an ongoing need for education and strategies to effectively address prior authorization requirements, claims denials, and expanded access to clinical trials. Patients are driving discussions about expanded access to immunotherapies. Direct-to-consumer and other media advertising is fueling interest in immunotherapies. At the same time, this consumer interest is requiring ongoing education so that consumers understand the patient populations for whom these therapies are appropriate and to ensure that both providers and patients are equipped to discuss the benefits and risks of a particular immunotherapy. Recognition and management of immune-related adverse events (irAEs) continue to create additional expense and resource requirements across the continuum of care. Community providers are likely to see increasing challenges in this area as new indications and new combination therapies are approved by the FDA. Education on how to leverage operational assets and marshal resources to adequately recognize and manage irAEs will continue to be important. Alternative payment models (APMs) focused on value-based reimbursement must include input and buy-in from the oncology community. There is concern that APMs could be developed without oncologist input, peer review, or evidence concerning immunotherapies for cancer. Ultimately, APMs will need to create and utilize quality measures that promote innovation rather than simply drive down costs, because it is often challenging to identify what a therapy's value is until providers use it in a real-world context. As immunotherapy for cancer continues to evolve, clinical, administrative, and infrastructural operations education is increasingly important. Immuno-Oncology: There's More to Discover describes the robust support and resources ICLIO offers to meet these educational needs. ICLIO is uniquely positioned as the sole provider of comprehensive education dedicated to empowering and preparing multidisciplinary cancer care teams in the community for immuno-oncology. Coming in 2017 to ICLIO's growing portfolio of resources: Tailored support and education through the ground-breaking ICLIO Visiting Experts program. This newly-launched educational program is designed to directly address many of the challenges noted in the ICLIO white paper. Through an application process, select ACCC Cancer Program members will receive customized, on-site training from a veteran team of multidisciplinary providers experienced in integration of immunotherapy into practice. Role-specific e-learning modules for oncologists, nurses/nurse navigators, and pharmacists. These online courses, developed by leading experts in the field of immuno-oncology, bring practical, real-world information to support these providers in delivery of immunotherapy to patients in their communities. Tumor-specific toolkits for immunotherapy in lung cancer, melanoma, and emerging tumor types. These ICLIO toolkits will feature multimedia content curated by leading experts comprising the interdisciplinary team needed to delivery immunotherapy. Download the ICLIO white paper and view all ICLIO resources at accc-iclio.org. About the Institute for Clinical Immuno-Oncology An institute of the Association of Community Cancer Centers (ACCC), the Institute for Clinical Immuno-Oncology (ICLIO) is the only initiative to prepare multidisciplinary cancer care providers for the complex implementation of immuno-oncology in the community setting. ICLIO is made possible by a charitable donation from Bristol-Myers Squibb and supported by an educational grant from Merck & Co., Inc. For more information, visit the ICLIO website at accc-iclio.org. Follow ICLIO on Twitter @ACCC_ICLIO. About the Association of Community Cancer Centers The Association of Community Cancer Centers (ACCC) is the leading advocacy and education organization for the multidisciplinary cancer care team. More than 23,000 cancer care professionals from over 2,500 hospitals and practices nationwide are affiliated with ACCC. Providing a national forum for addressing issues that affect community cancer programs, ACCC is recognized as the premier provider of resources for the entire oncology care team. Our members include medical and radiation oncologists, surgeons, cancer program administrators and medical directors, senior hospital executives, practice managers, pharmacists, oncology nurses, radiation therapists, social workers, and cancer program data managers. For more information, visit ACCC's website at accc-cancer.org. Follow us on Facebook, Twitter, LinkedIn, and read our blog, ACCCBuzz.   To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/institute-for-clinical-immuno-oncology-white-paper-highlights-the-challenges-progress-and-priorities-in-immunotherapy-300392169.html SOURCE Association of Community Cancer Centers Related Links http://accc-iclio.org Dec 13, 2016, 14:38 ET Preview: Association of Community Cancer Centers Launches New Online Resource for Metastatic Breast Cancer Multidisciplinary Care My News Release contains wide tables. View fullscreen. Also from this source Dec 13, 2016, 14:38 ETAssociation of Community Cancer Centers Launches New Online... Explore More news releases in similar topics Health Care & Hospitals Medical Pharmaceuticals Surveys, Polls and Research You just read: Institute for Clinical Immuno-Oncology White Paper Highlights the Challenges, Progress, and Priorities in Immunotherapy News provided by Association of Community Cancer Centers Jan 17, 2017, 14:52 ET Share this article Looking to send a news release with PR Newswire? Take advantage of the world's leading distribution platform. Sign up to get started Request more information Have an account? Log In Phone 8AM - 10PM ET +1-888-776-0942 Send a Release Sign Up Blog For Journalists Contact Us Search Searching for your content... Advanced Search Contact 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Chat Online with an Expert Contact Us Solutions Cision Communication Cloud™ For Marketers For Public Relations For IR & Compliance For Agency For Small Business All Products About About PR Newswire About Cision Become a Publishing Partner Become a Channel Partner Careers   Global Sites Asia Brazil Canada Europe Finland France India Israel Mexico Middle East Netherlands Sweden United Kingdom My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Terms of Use Privacy Policy Information Security Policy Statement Site Map RSS Feeds Copyright © 2017 PR Newswire Association LLC. All Rights Reserved. A Cision company. News Solutions Resources News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News dansk Deutsch español Français italiano Nederlands norsk português suomeksi svenska Phone +1-888-776-0942 8AM - 10PM ET Chat Chat Online with an Expert All contact info Send a ReleaseLog In
Regulatory News Search Search Products & Services    News Releases Close Send a release Become a client For journalists Global sites Asia Brazil Canada Finland France India Israel Mexico Netherlands Sweden United States See more news releases in Biotechnology | Health Care & Hospitals | Medical Pharmaceuticals | Trade Show News Biotech Showcase™ 2017 gathered 3,000+ investors and executives from the life sciences industry in San Francisco last week NEW YORK and SAN FRANCISCO and CARLSBAD, California, Jan. 17, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- Biotech Showcase™, the largest event of the year where innovative biotech companies present to investors, wrapped up in San Francisco last week. The event was attended by over 900 investors representing over USD 300 billion in available capital. Produced by Demy-Colton and EBD Group, Biotech Showcase was attended by 3,300 delegates overall, a 32% increase over 2016. "Biotech Showcase continues to grow year over year, and is now not only the leading investor event for the life sciences industry, but the largest event of this type, globally," said Sara Jane Demy, Founder and CEO, Demy-Colton. "The quality and caliber of presenting companies is a key factor in the overall success of the event, but it really is the extraordinary level of healthcare investors that makes Biotech Showcase a 'must attend' event." "There is a clear demand for Biotech Showcase, and we are doing everything possible to meet that demand," said Anna Chrisman, Group Managing Director, EBD Group. "We have expanded to two locations and have grown our program offerings to include cell and gene therapies and rare disease, in addition to our concurrent events, Digital Medicine Showcase and Medtech Showcase. The event continues to act as a priority venue for investors in town for the busiest week of the year." Biotech Showcase is an investor and networking event where biotech-investment deals are initiated that directly impact innovation and drug development for the coming year, and beyond. Over the course of three days, thousands of executives from pharma, biotech and finance gather for the industry's biggest biotech investing event. Large pharma companies brought their teams to the event, including AstraZeneca, Bayer, Boehringer Ingelheim, Bristol-Myers Squibb, Johnson & Johnson, Merck, Novo Nordisk, Roche, Shire and Takeda, among others. Major sponsors included AstraZeneca, Covington, Hogan Lovells, inVentiv Health, Johnson & Johnson Innovation and Lonza. As well, the conference is supported by these sponsors and professional advisors. Attendees of Biotech Showcase came from over 1,800 companies from 50 countries. As well, the event had 400 company presentations and 21 program panels and workshops, and 36 exhibitors between Biotech Showcase, Digital Medicine Showcase and Medtech Showcase. Perhaps most impressively, this year Biotech Showcase attracted 900 investors, representing an increase of 50% over 2016. The next Biotech Showcase will be held January 8–10, 2018 in San Francisco. For more information go to BiotechShowcase.com. Additional links and information: Follow Biotech Showcase on Twitter: @EBDGroup and @DemyColton (hashtag: #BiotechShowcase) About Demy-Colton Demy-Colton produces high level investor and business development conferences and events for the biopharmaceutical and life sciences industry. With a proven track record and deep domain knowledge, it develops programs that add value and regularly exceed the expectations of participants. Dedicated to facilitating the growth of the life sciences industry, Demy-Colton's expanding portfolio of conferences includes: Biotech Showcase™ – a unique forum in San Francisco for presenting to investors and business development executives, co-produced with EBD Group Biotech CEO Summit™ – A private, thought-provoking meeting for biotech industry leaders united by the common goal of driving responsible growth and innovation Biotech CEO Summit Europe™ – A private one-of-a-kind event dedicated to helping the leadership of newly public and late stage private biotech companies navigate the constantly evolving biotech landscape Trans-Pacific Health Sciences Dialogue™ – The first stop of any executive looking to expand, advance, explore and/or develop collaborations and partnerships in Asia Life Sciences Summit™ – An early stage investor and business development conference that highlights innovation MedTech Showcase™ – A two-day meeting, coinciding with Biotech Showcase, that explores the latest developments and technologies in the device and diagnostic industry, co-produced with EBD Group Digital Medicine Showcase™ – This two-day showcase, coinciding with Biotech Showcase, examines the emerging digital medicine sector, identifies key players and issues, co-produced with EBD Group. About EBD Group EBD Group is the leading partnering firm for the global life science industry. Since 1993, biotech, pharma and medical device companies have leveraged EBD Group's partnering conferences, technology and services to identify business opportunities and develop strategic relationships essential to their success. EBD Group's conferences are run with the support of leading corporations and international trade associations and include: BIO-Europe® and BIO-Europe Spring®, Europe's largest life science partnering conferences, supported by the Biotechnology Industry Organization (BIO) BioPharm America™, the fastest growing partnering event in North America Biotech Showcase™, a unique forum in San Francisco for presenting to investors and business development executives, co-produced with Demy-Colton Life Science Advisors BioEquity Europe, the investor conference co-organized with BioCentury Publications and BIO ChinaBio® Partnering Forum, the first dedicated biotech/pharma partnering conference in China, co-produced with ChinaBio® Group Biolatam®, facilitating partnering among global life sciences executives in Latin America's vibrant life science hubs Cell & Gene Exchange, a partnering forum focused on the patient community in cell and gene therapy sectors, co-produced with Alliance for Regenerative Medicine (ARM). EBD Group's sophisticated web-based partnering service, partneringONE®, is used as the partnering engine at numerous third-party events around the world, and partnering360® is the open online community of life science dealmakers that enhances partnering experiences throughout the year. Tune into EBD Group's Insight for timely coverage of news that influences the business strategies of the life science industry. EBD Group is an Informa company. Informa is the largest publicly-owned organizer of exhibitions, conferences and training in the world. EBD Group has offices in the USA and Europe. For more information please visit www.ebdgroup.com. SOURCE EBD Group RELATED LINKS http://www.ebdgroup.com More by this Source Biotech Showcase™ 2017 brachte über 3.000 Investoren und Führungskräfte aus der Life-Sciences-Branche letzte Woche in San Francisco zusammen 18 Jan, 2017, 16:56 GMT Le Biotech Showcase™ 2017 réuni plus de 3 000 investisseurs et dirigeants du secteur des sciences de la vie à San Francisco la semaine dernière 18 Jan, 2017, 16:49 GMT BIO-Europe Spring® 2017 bringt innovative Biotech- und Pharmaunternehmen sowie Investoren für mögliche Partnerschaftsverträge nach Barcelona 02 Jan, 2017, 10:15 GMT View all news by EBD Group Journalists and Bloggers Visit PR Newswire for Journalists for releases, photos and customised feeds just for media. View and download archived video content distributed by MultiVu on The Digital Center. Next in Biotechnology News   Get content for your website Enhance your website's or blog's content with PR Newswire's customised real-time news feeds. Start today.       Contact PR Newswire Send us an email at MarketingUK@prnewswire.co.uk or call us at +44 (0)20 7454 5382       Become a PR Newswire client Request more information about PR Newswire products & services or call us at +44 (0)20 7454 5382     Products & Services Knowledge Centre Browse News Releases Meet the Media Contact PR Newswire About PR Newswire Contact PR Newswire PR Newswire's Terms of Use Apply Privacy and Cookie Policy Site Map RSS Feeds Blog Copyright © 2017 PR Newswire Association LLC. All Rights Reserved. A Cisioncompany. Powered by Clickability.
Contact Us Journalists Blog Log In Sign Up Send a Release News Solutions Resources Search News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News dansk Deutsch español Français italiano Nederlands norsk português suomeksi svenska $200+ Billion Active Pharmaceutical Ingredients/API Market 2016-2021: Market is Expected to Reach USD 213.97 Billion by 2021 from USD 157.95 Billion in 2016 - Research and Markets News provided by Research and Markets Jan 17, 2017, 12:10 ET Share this article DUBLIN, Jan 17, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- Research and Markets has announced the addition of the "Active Pharmaceutical Ingredients/API Market by Type (Innovative, Generic), Manufacturer (Captive, Merchant), Synthesis (Synthetic, Biotech), Product (mAb, Hormone) Drug (OTC, Rx), Therapy (Diabetes, Oncology, CNS, CVD) - Global Forecast to 2021" report to their offering. The global active pharmaceutical ingredients market is expected to reach USD 213.97 Billion by 2021 from USD 157.95 Billion in 2016, growing at a CAGR of 6.3% from 2016 to 2021. The market is segmented on the basis type, type of manufacturer, type of synthesis, type of drug, therapeutic application, and region. Based on type, the APIs market is segmented into innovative and generic APIs. The innovative APIs segment is expected to account for the largest share in 2016. The large share of this segment can be attributed to the increasing number of FDA approvals for new molecular entities, higher price commanded by innovative APIs as compared to their generic equivalents, and growing focus of innovator APIs companies on R&D for the development of novel innovative APIs products to cater to the previously unmet medical needs of the market On the basis of type of manufacturer, the APIs market is segmented into captive and merchant manufacturers. The captive manufacturers segment is estimated to account for the largest share in 2016. The large share of this segment can be can be attributed to the growing preference of companies to maintain in-house manufacturing of innovative APIs for their economic benefits. On the basis of type of synthesis the, the APIs market is categorized into synthetic and biotech APIs. The synthetic APIs segment is estimated to command the largest in 2016. The emergence of new molecules in the market, increasing number of new product approvals, and technological advancements in the method of synthesis are major factors contributing to the growth of the synthetic APIs segment. However, the biotech APIs segment is expected to grow at the highest CAGR in the forecast period. The APIs market, on the basis of type of drug, is segmented into prescription drugs and over-the-counter (OTC) drugs. In 2016, the prescription drugs segment is estimated to account for the largest share of the APIs market. The large share of this segment can primarily be attributed to the increasing demand for these drugs owing to the growing incidence of diseases such as cancer, cardiovascular disease, and respiratory disorders. The APIs market, on the basis of therapeutic applications, is segmented into oncology, cardiovascular diseases, diabetes, endocrinology, central nervous system (CNS) and neurological disorders, and other therapeutic applications. The oncology segment is estimated to account for the largest of the global active pharmaceutical ingredients market in 2016. The large share of this segment can be attributed to the increasing incidence and prevalence of cancer globally, growing focus of pharmaceutical companies for the development of novel products for cancer treatment, and growing investments in the research activities for the development of novel therapies like targeted therapies which utilize anti-body drug conjugates for the treatment of cancer. The global active pharmaceutical ingredients market is dominated by North America, followed by Europe, Asia, and the Rest of the World (RoW). North America will continue to lead the global market in the forecast period. Over the next five years, Asia Is expected to register highest growth rate. Some of the prominent players in the market include Pfizer Inc. (U.S.), Novartis International AG (Switzerland), Merck & Co. (U.S.), Teva Pharmaceutical Industries Ltd. (Israel), Mylan, Inc. (U.S.), Boehringer Ingelheim (Germany), Sanofi (France), AbbVie (U.S.), Eli Lilly and Company (U.S.), AstraZeneca plc (U.K.), Bristol-Myers Squibb (U.S.), and GlaxoSmithKline plc (U.K.). Key Topics Covered: 1 Introduction 2 Research Methodology 3 Executive Summary 4 Premium Insights 5 Market Overview 6 Active Pharmaceutical Ingredients Market, by Type 7 Active Pharmaceutical Ingredients Market, by Type of Manufacturer 8 Active Pharmaceutical Ingredients Market, by Type of Synthesis 9 Active Pharmaceutical Ingredients Market, by Type of Drug 10 Active Pharmaceutical Ingredients Market, by Therapeutic Application 11 Active Pharmaceutical Ingredients Market, by Region 12 Competitive Landscape 13 Company Profiles Abbvie Inc. Boehringer Ingelheim Bristol-Myers Squibb Eli Lilly and Company Glaxosmithkline Plc Merck & Co., Inc. Novartis International AG Pfizer, Inc. Sanofi Teva Pharmaceutical Industries Ltd. For more information about this report visit http://www.researchandmarkets.com/research/f2hpct/active Media Contact: Research and Markets Laura Wood, Senior Manager press@researchandmarkets.com For E.S.T Office Hours Call +1-917-300-0470 For U.S./CAN Toll Free Call +1-800-526-8630 For GMT Office Hours Call +353-1-416-8900 U.S. Fax: 646-607-1907 Fax (outside U.S.): +353-1-481-1716 To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/200-billion-active-pharmaceutical-ingredientsapi-market-2016-2021-market-is-expected-to-reach-usd-21397-billion-by-2021-from-usd-15795-billion-in-2016---research-and-markets-300391878.html SOURCE Research and Markets Related Links http://www.researchandmarkets.com Jan 17, 2017, 12:10 ET Preview: Global Molecular Diagnostics Research Report 2017: Focus on Technologies, Applications, Regulations, Markets and Companies to 2025 - Research and Markets Jan 17, 2017, 12:10 ET Preview: European Animation Industry Report 2017: Strategies, Trends and Opportunities - International Marketing is a Key Area for Improvement for European Animation Studios - Research and Markets My News Release contains wide tables. View fullscreen. Also from this source 15:10 ETPeople Counting System Market - Global Forecast & Analysis to... 15:10 ETCombat System Integration Market by Application, Platform &... Explore More news releases in similar topics Publishing & Information Services Medical Pharmaceuticals Pharmaceuticals Surveys, Polls and Research You just read: $200+ Billion Active Pharmaceutical Ingredients/API Market 2016-2021: Market is Expected to Reach USD 213.97 Billion by 2021 from USD 157.95 Billion in 2016 - Research and Markets News provided by Research and Markets Jan 17, 2017, 12:10 ET Share this article Looking to send a news release with PR Newswire? Take advantage of the world's leading distribution platform. Sign up to get started Request more information Have an account? Log In Phone 8AM - 10PM ET +1-888-776-0942 Send a Release Sign Up Blog For Journalists Contact Us Search Searching for your content... Advanced Search Contact 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Chat Online with an Expert Contact Us Solutions Cision Communication Cloud™ For Marketers For Public Relations For IR & Compliance For Agency For Small Business All Products About About PR Newswire About Cision Become a Publishing Partner Become a Channel Partner Careers   Global Sites Asia Brazil Canada Europe Finland France India Israel Mexico Middle East Netherlands Sweden United Kingdom My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Terms of Use Privacy Policy Information Security Policy Statement Site Map RSS Feeds Copyright © 2017 PR Newswire Association LLC. All Rights Reserved. A Cision company. News Solutions Resources News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News dansk Deutsch español Français italiano Nederlands norsk português suomeksi svenska Phone +1-888-776-0942 8AM - 10PM ET Chat Chat Online with an Expert All contact info Send a ReleaseLog In
Regulatory News Search Search Products & Services    News Releases Close Send a release Become a client For journalists Global sites Asia Brazil Canada Finland France India Israel Mexico Netherlands Sweden United States See more news releases in Publishing & Information Services | Medical Pharmaceuticals | Pharmaceuticals | Surveys, Polls and Research $200+ Billion Active Pharmaceutical Ingredients/API Market 2016-2021: Market is Expected to Reach USD 213.97 Billion by 2021 from USD 157.95 Billion in 2016 - Research and Markets Download image DUBLIN, Jan 17, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- Research and Markets has announced the addition of the "Active Pharmaceutical Ingredients/API Market by Type (Innovative, Generic), Manufacturer (Captive, Merchant), Synthesis (Synthetic, Biotech), Product (mAb, Hormone) Drug (OTC, Rx), Therapy (Diabetes, Oncology, CNS, CVD) - Global Forecast to 2021" report to their offering. The global active pharmaceutical ingredients market is expected to reach USD 213.97 Billion by 2021 from USD 157.95 Billion in 2016, growing at a CAGR of 6.3% from 2016 to 2021. The market is segmented on the basis type, type of manufacturer, type of synthesis, type of drug, therapeutic application, and region. Based on type, the APIs market is segmented into innovative and generic APIs. The innovative APIs segment is expected to account for the largest share in 2016. The large share of this segment can be attributed to the increasing number of FDA approvals for new molecular entities, higher price commanded by innovative APIs as compared to their generic equivalents, and growing focus of innovator APIs companies on R&D for the development of novel innovative APIs products to cater to the previously unmet medical needs of the market On the basis of type of manufacturer, the APIs market is segmented into captive and merchant manufacturers. The captive manufacturers segment is estimated to account for the largest share in 2016. The large share of this segment can be can be attributed to the growing preference of companies to maintain in-house manufacturing of innovative APIs for their economic benefits. On the basis of type of synthesis the, the APIs market is categorized into synthetic and biotech APIs. The synthetic APIs segment is estimated to command the largest in 2016. The emergence of new molecules in the market, increasing number of new product approvals, and technological advancements in the method of synthesis are major factors contributing to the growth of the synthetic APIs segment. However, the biotech APIs segment is expected to grow at the highest CAGR in the forecast period. The APIs market, on the basis of type of drug, is segmented into prescription drugs and over-the-counter (OTC) drugs. In 2016, the prescription drugs segment is estimated to account for the largest share of the APIs market. The large share of this segment can primarily be attributed to the increasing demand for these drugs owing to the growing incidence of diseases such as cancer, cardiovascular disease, and respiratory disorders. The APIs market, on the basis of therapeutic applications, is segmented into oncology, cardiovascular diseases, diabetes, endocrinology, central nervous system (CNS) and neurological disorders, and other therapeutic applications. The oncology segment is estimated to account for the largest of the global active pharmaceutical ingredients market in 2016. The large share of this segment can be attributed to the increasing incidence and prevalence of cancer globally, growing focus of pharmaceutical companies for the development of novel products for cancer treatment, and growing investments in the research activities for the development of novel therapies like targeted therapies which utilize anti-body drug conjugates for the treatment of cancer. The global active pharmaceutical ingredients market is dominated by North America, followed by Europe, Asia, and the Rest of the World (RoW). North America will continue to lead the global market in the forecast period. Over the next five years, Asia Is expected to register highest growth rate. Some of the prominent players in the market include Pfizer Inc. (U.S.), Novartis International AG (Switzerland), Merck & Co. (U.S.), Teva Pharmaceutical Industries Ltd. (Israel), Mylan, Inc. (U.S.), Boehringer Ingelheim (Germany), Sanofi (France), AbbVie (U.S.), Eli Lilly and Company (U.S.), AstraZeneca plc (U.K.), Bristol-Myers Squibb (U.S.), and GlaxoSmithKline plc (U.K.). Key Topics Covered: 1 Introduction 2 Research Methodology 3 Executive Summary 4 Premium Insights 5 Market Overview 6 Active Pharmaceutical Ingredients Market, by Type 7 Active Pharmaceutical Ingredients Market, by Type of Manufacturer 8 Active Pharmaceutical Ingredients Market, by Type of Synthesis 9 Active Pharmaceutical Ingredients Market, by Type of Drug 10 Active Pharmaceutical Ingredients Market, by Therapeutic Application 11 Active Pharmaceutical Ingredients Market, by Region 12 Competitive Landscape 13 Company Profiles Abbvie Inc. Boehringer Ingelheim Bristol-Myers Squibb Eli Lilly and Company Glaxosmithkline Plc Merck & Co., Inc. Novartis International AG Pfizer, Inc. Sanofi Teva Pharmaceutical Industries Ltd. For more information about this report visit http://www.researchandmarkets.com/research/f2hpct/active Media Contact: Research and Markets Laura Wood, Senior Manager press@researchandmarkets.com For E.S.T Office Hours Call +1-917-300-0470 For U.S./CAN Toll Free Call +1-800-526-8630 For GMT Office Hours Call +353-1-416-8900 U.S. Fax: 646-607-1907 Fax (outside U.S.): +353-1-481-1716 SOURCE Research and Markets RELATED LINKS http://www.researchandmarkets.com More by this Source People Counting System Market - Global Forecast & Analysis to 2022 - Propelled by the Growing Retail Sector & Availability of Economical and Easy-to-install Solutions - Research and Markets 27 Jan, 2017, 20:10 GMT Combat System Integration Market by Application, Platform & Region - Global Forecast & Analysis to 2022 - Research and Markets 27 Jan, 2017, 20:10 GMT Global Food Irradiation Market Analysis & Trends - Industry Forecast to 2025 - Research and Markets 27 Jan, 2017, 19:10 GMT View all news by Research and Markets Journalists and Bloggers Visit PR Newswire for Journalists for releases, photos and customised feeds just for media. View and download archived video content distributed by MultiVu on The Digital Center. Next in Publishing & Information Services News   Get content for your website Enhance your website's or blog's content with PR Newswire's customised real-time news feeds. Start today.       Contact PR Newswire Send us an email at MarketingUK@prnewswire.co.uk or call us at +44 (0)20 7454 5382       Become a PR Newswire client Request more information about PR Newswire products & services or call us at +44 (0)20 7454 5382     Products & Services Knowledge Centre Browse News Releases Meet the Media Contact PR Newswire About PR Newswire Contact PR Newswire PR Newswire's Terms of Use Apply Privacy and Cookie Policy Site Map RSS Feeds Blog Copyright © 2017 PR Newswire Association LLC. All Rights Reserved. A Cisioncompany. Powered by Clickability.
Menu Search Home Biotech Diagnostics Health IT Medical Devices Payers Pharma Policy & Regulation Providers Population Health Events About Us Advertising Contact us Send Tips Advertising About Twitter Facebook RSS Feedly Subscribe via email Everyone everywhere could only dream of a customer like this Innovation in ADHD: Is it just more of the same? Appeals court rules that stolen laptops class action against payer can proceed Everybody Else Is Reading This Jounce Therapeutics prices IPO beyond expectations (Updated) Health IT, device vendors called lax on security certification Venrock raises a comfortable $450M for fund 8 Robotic sleeve shows promise against heart failure For J&J, $30B Actelion deal is less about synergies, more about future promise Verily eyes overseas markets with $800M infusion from Singapore HHS scientists get in on ‘rogue’ social media Celgene acquires autoimmune startup Delinia for $775M What would Republican ACA replacement plan look like? Everybody Else Is Reading This The decades-long battle for better outcomes in glioblastoma Send Tips Advertising About Twitter Facebook RSS Feedly Subscribe via email MedCity News Patient Engagement Healthcare Convergence Investing & Startups Big Data Precision Medicine Events Connect with investors and startups at MedCity INVEST May 17-18 in Chicago. Save $500 by 1/31 – Register NOW. Join us at MedCity INVEST May 17-18 in Chicago – meet and connect with investors and innovative health care startups. Get best rate NOW. Biotech Oncology, rare diseases and too little genomic diversity: 3 themes from #JPM17 By Juliet Preston Post a comment / Jan 17, 2017 at 10:41 AM Shares18 As always, the J.P. Morgan Healthcare Conference played host to wider debates about the health and direction of the life sciences in 2017. Drug pricing was part of the discussion (Trump made his splash mid-week). Gender diversity came to the fore in 2016 and made headways at this year’s event. Beyond the conference agenda and the breaking news, however, three underground themes were playing out at Bioweek. Genomic diversity In back-to-back sessions, the issue of ethnic diversity in genomic research came to the fore. The original human genome was caucasian and that set the tone for the millions of genomes that have been sequenced since. For a multitude of reasons, nearly all large genome-wide association studies (GWAS) have followed white populations. A seminal 2009 study found 96 percent of GWAS participants were of European descent. Pacific Biosciences President and CEO Michael Hunkapiller raised the issue as he spoke about the overall progress of the genomics space and the path to understanding more about structural variants — long stretches of DNA that have been altered, as opposed to single nucleotide polymorphisms (SNPs). At the diagnostics panel, executive director of the Center for Clinical Effectiveness at Blue Cross Blue Shield Association, Suzanne Belinson, highlighted diversity as part of the challenge healthcare companies now face interpreting and bringing meaning to the information generated through sequencing and diagnostics. To me the most exciting activities that have happened over the last year are some of the collaborations around data. It requires a tremendous amount of data to solve the puzzles that we are all trying to solve. It takes a tremendous amount of data from a diverse population. The majority of the data that we have now to answer some of our genetic questions come from a very homogenous population and if we want to actually solve these problems for the diverse population in which we live, it requires a large and diverse set of data. I’m really excited about some of the organizations and health systems that are coming together to collect that data. Over-incentivizing rare disease research? The Orphan Drug Act was passed in 1983 to make the economics of rare disease research more favorable for drug companies to pursue. It has had a major impact. According to a 2014 Evaluate Pharma report, just 38 rare diseases had approved therapies when the act was passed. By 2014, the number had jumped to 373. That’s an undeniably positive shift and there are many orphan diseases that still need treatments. But at what point do we factor in the global burden of disease? Several attendees that I spoke with were grappling with the issue, including Michael Narachi of San Diego, California-based Orexigen. Against all odds, Orexigen managed to get a weight loss drug approved as a small- to mid-sized biotech. The scale and cost of clinical trials in major conditions typically require the involvement of Big Pharma. Narachi said many of his colleagues in the industry are now actively targeting niche subpopulations within a disease. It increases the odds of getting an approval and paves the way for more streamlined clinical trials. The downside for everyone is that the company then has to charge six-figure sums for the therapy to offset the small market size. And a limited number of people benefit. The age of the blockbuster drug is over. Will there be some intermediate solution found? Or will personalized medicine continue to drive expensive therapies for targeted groups? The J.P. Morgan oncology conference Oncology increasingly dominates biopharma and healthcare discussions. Annual spending on oncology drugs surged 11.5 percent to $107 billion in 2015, according to a report by the IMS Institute for Healthcare Informatics. The report identified 500 companies actively pursuing a combined 600 late-stage investigational oncology drugs, suggesting the growth will continue in the coming years. The oncology emphasis carried through to the agenda at J.P. Morgan, drawing crowds to CAR-T presentations and those by major pharma companies such as Merck, which is playing a large-scale chess game getting approvals for its anti-PD-1 checkpoint inhibitor. Combination cancer therapies were another major presentation theme. On Monday, Takeda announced it had acquired Ariad Pharmaceuticals for $5.2 billion — the deal of the week. Ariad specializes in treatments for rare cancers and leukemias. Meanwhile, Vice President Joe Biden effectively froze downtown San Francisco as he made his was to the StartUp Health Festival and the main conference to discuss his cancer moonshot. These were all pre-planned. What was more surprising was the emphasis given to oncology in other open discussions. The Diagnostics Outlook Policy Panel on Tuesday, for example, almost exclusively focused on cancer applications. Oncology wasn’t mentioned in the abstract for the panel — it was about new policies and laboratory developed tests. But the five experts discussed these topics in relation to cancer diagnostics, interpretation and care. Granted, two of the five speakers were from companies in the oncology space; Elad Gil from Color Genomics, a 30-gene cancer diagnostics company, and Jeff Huber from GRAIL, the Illumina spin-out that wants to make blood tests for early-stage cancers routine. As far as the composition of the panel swayed the discourse — that in itself is telling. Perhaps the emphasis has something to do with the relationship between genomics and cancer research. On Monday IBM Watson Health and Illumina announced a new partnership for the Watson supercomputer to rapidly and reliably interpret results from Illumina’s new cancer panel, the TruSight Tumor 170 panel. In an interview with MedCity News, Watson Health Vice President Steve Harvey said the technology could theoretically be applied to any disease area with a genetic basis. Watson Health and Illumina chose cancer as an area they believed they could make the greatest impact. It is, after all, fundamentally driven by genetic mutations. Photo: Piranka, Getty Images Shares18 Topics #JPM17, Genomic diversity, JP Morgan Healthcare Conference 2017, oncology 8 healthcare startup and investor trends at JPM17 from inverting business models to second order companies Everybody Else Is Reading This Hear the latest industry news first. Sign up for our daily newsletter. No comments GOT NEWS? SEND US A TIP  MedCity >> Inbox Get the latest industry news first when you subscribe to our daily newsletter. Promoted eyeforpharma’s 2nd Annual Data & Technology in Clinical Trials summit eyeforpharma’s Data and Technology in Clinical Trials summit, 2017 is the number one meeting for clinical experts, all dedicated to radically transforming trials for patients, sites and sponsors. Taking place February 21-22 at the Sheraton Philadelphia Downtown hotel. This meeting is bringing together some of the most innovative clinical minds from Sanofi, Pfizer, Merck, Amgen, Lexicon Pharmaceuticals, amongst others; covering all aspects of where innovative approaches to data and technology can advance clinical trials.  Register here. eyeforpharma From the MedCity Team Everyone everywhere could only dream of a customer like this Arundhati Parmar  |  3:48 pm, January 27 Jounce Therapeutics prices IPO beyond expectations (Updated) Stephanie Baum  |  10:37 am, January 27 Innovation in ADHD: Is it just more of the same? Juliet Preston  |  3:46 pm, January 27 Health IT, device vendors called lax on security certification Neil Versel  |  8:45 am, January 27 Promoted Life Sciences Law Firm Index: Top Deal Firms Update One year ago, in collaboration with Lake Whillans and our sister site MedCity News, we launched the inaugural Life Sciences Law Firm Index to recognize law firms that are the most active and relevant for life science companies… Brian Dalton × Hear the latest industry news first. Sign up for our daily newsletter. Follow us No thanks Our Sites © 2017 Breaking Media, Inc. All rights reserved. Registration or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy. Shares18
Latest News Dow 20,094 -7.13 -0.04% Nasdaq 5,661 +5.61 +0.10% S&P 500 2,295 -1.99 -0.09% 9:58 P.M. ET Corporate insiders have a stock market surprise for you 6:43 P.M. ET Trump signs executive actions at Pentagon on immigrants and military 6:40 P.M. ET Potential Amazon partnership exciting for PayPal, analysts say 6:16 P.M. ET Updated The next anchor at your mall could be a food hall 6:08 P.M. ET Updated This is what $20 million hidden under a mattress looks like 6:08 P.M. ET How the Dow gives active fund management a good name 6:06 P.M. ET Updated Looking to get a mortgage in 2017? Here’s what you need to know 6:06 P.M. ET Updated Mexican billionaire Carlos Slim: ‘The best wall is opportunities, growth and employment in Mexico’ 5:43 P.M. ET Super Bowl Ad: Mr. Clean 5:38 P.M. ET Updated These are the largest employers in the U.S. — state by state 5:30 P.M. ET Updated Washington Post op-ed writer: ‘Look, I don’t need Steve Bannon’s permission to do my job’ 5:00 P.M. ET Why a Trump trade war is a danger to the S&P 500 4:37 P.M. ET Super Bowl Ad: Intel 4:36 P.M. ET Updated Dow ends landmark week with a whimper 4:35 P.M. ET Gorbachev: ‘The current situation is too dangerous’ 4:35 P.M. ET Lowe's board OKs $5 billion share buyback program 4:34 P.M. ET Super Bowl Ad: Skittles 4:29 P.M. ET Updated Will you have to pay for your parents’ retirement? 4:27 P.M. ET Updated 35 is the new 20: All four Australian Open finalists are over 30 years old 4:25 P.M. ET Updated Chili’s menu may not be as well-suited to takeout as Olive Garden’s, analysts say Log In Home News Viewer Video SectorWatch Podcasts First Take Games Portfolio My MarketWatch News Viewer Markets U.S. Europe/Middle East Emerging Markets Asia Canada SectorWatch Columns Market Snapshot Movers & Shakers The Tell Currencies Futures Movers Pre-Market News Tools Earnings Wall Markets Overview IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar Currency Tools Futures Contracts Market Screener Hulbert Interactive Investing Stocks Mutual Funds ETFs Options Bonds Commodities Currencies Futures Hedge Funds/Insider Trades Getting Started MarketWatch Adviser Columns Options Trader Revolution Investing Tools Stock Screener Funds Finder ETF Screener Options Screener IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar More... Personal Finance 10 Things Big Spender Real Estate Spending & Saving Taxes Columns The Moneyologist Brett Arends Bill Bischoff Amy Hoak Chuck Jaffe Jennifer Openshaw Jennifer Waters Tools Funds Finder Today's Rates Retirement Retire Here, Not There Encore Taxes How-to Guides Social Security Estate Planning Events Columns Robert Powell's Retirement Portfolio Andrea Coombes's Working Retirement Tools Retirement Planner How long will my money last? Economy Federal Reserve Capitol Report Economic Report Columns Darrell Delamaide Irwin Kellner Rex Nutting Tools Economic Calendar Real Estate Location Scouts realtor.com My MarketWatch Watchlist Alerts Games Log In Bulletin Dow, S&P 500 close lower Friday but break 2-week losing streak Home Press Release Update on Monoclonal Antibody Therapies for Multiple Sclerosis By Published: Jan 17, 2017 7:45 a.m. ET Share LONDON, January 17, 2017 /PRNewswire via COMTEX/ -- LONDON, January 17, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- Gavin Giovannoni, European Neurological Review, 2016;11(2):96-100 DOI: https://doi.org/10.17925/ENR.2016.11.02.96      (Logo: http://photos.prnewswire.com/prnh/20151014/276718LOGO ) Published recently in EuropeanNeurological Review, the peer-reviewed journal from touchNEUROLOGY, Professor Giovannoni discusses the advantages of monoclonal antibodies in multiple sclerosis (MS) therapy: they are designed to be specific to their target and have very few off-target effects. Monoclonal antibodies have distinct structural characteristics and different targets, and their various mechanisms of action include cross-linking, blocking interactions, induction of signal transduction via receptor binding, complement-dependent cytotoxicity, and antibody-dependent cell-mediated cytotoxicity. Monoclonal antibodies should not therefore be considered a single class of treatments. Natalizumab and alemtuzumab are highly efficacious treatments approved for treating MS, though they tend to be reserved for patients with more active disease. Other monoclonal antibodies in advanced development include ocrelizumab, ofatumumab, daclizumab and opicinumab (anti-LINGO-1). Screening and monitoring is required to enable the optimal utilisation of all monoclonal antibodies and the benefit-risk profile of each monoclonal antibody needs to be fully considered before use. At present, patients have variable access to effective MS treatments, and this issue is likely to become even more important to address as new therapies become available. The full peer-reviewed, open-access article is available here: https://doi.org/10.17925/ENR.2016.11.02.96 Disclosure: Gavin Giovannoni has received compensation for serving as a consultant or speaker for, or has received research support from: AbbVie, Bayer Schering Healthcare, Biogen Idec, Canbex, Eisai, Elan, Five Prime Therapeutics, Genzyme, Genentech, GlaxoSmithKline, Ironwood Pharmaceuticals, Merck- Serono, Novartis, Roche, Sanofi-Aventis, Synthon BV, Teva Pharmaceutical Industries, UCB and Vertex Pharmaceuticals. Note to the Editor touchNEUROLOGY (a division of Touch Medical Media) publishes European Neurological Review, a peer-reviewed, open access, bi-annual journal specialising in the publication of balanced and comprehensive review articles written by leading authorities to address the most important and salient developments in the field of neurology. The aim of these reviews is to break down the high science from 'data-rich' primary papers and provide practical advice and opinion on how this information can help physicians in the day to day clinical setting. Practice guidelines, symposium write-ups, case reports, and original research articles are also featured to promote discussion and learning amongst physicians, clinicians, researchers and related healthcare professionals. http://www.touchNEUROLOGY.com For inquires please contact: Carla Denaro - Managing Editor T: +44 (0) 207 193 6093 managingeditor@touchmedicalmedia.com Providing practical opinion to support best practice for busy healthcare professionals. SOURCE touchNEUROLOGY Copyright (C) 2017 PR Newswire. All rights reserved Most Popular Two things are happening in the U.S. stock market for the first time since 1900 Looking to get a mortgage in 2017? Here’s what you need to know Trump calls U.S.-Mexico trade one-sided — and here’s the reality These are the largest employers in the U.S. — state by state This is what $20 million hidden under a mattress looks like MarketWatch Partner Center Luxury Real Estate Ivanka Trump, Jared Kushner reportedly buy $5.6 million house in D.C. View More Barron's Next Why a deal for Kate Spade looks almost inevitable View More Real Estate The surprising cities where you’ll find America’s newest and oldest homes View More SectorWatch Here's what Trump means for health care View More Sponsored Headlines MarketWatch Site Index Topics Help Feedback Newsroom Roster Media Archive Premium Products Mobile Company Company Info Code of Conduct Corrections Advertising Media Kit Advertise Locally Reprints & Licensing Broker Center Your Ad Choices Dow Jones Network WSJ.com Barron's Online BigCharts Virtual Stock Exchange Financial News Online WSJ.com Small Business realtor.com Mansion Global Back to Top Copyright ©2017 MarketWatch, Inc. All rights reserved. By using this site you agree to the Terms of Service, Privacy Policy, and Cookie Policy. Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. Intraday data delayed per exchange requirements. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real time last sale data provided by NASDAQ. More information on NASDAQ traded symbols and their current financial status. Intraday data delayed 15 minutes for Nasdaq, and 20 minutes for other exchanges. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. SEHK intraday data is provided by SIX Financial Information and is at least 60-minutes delayed. All quotes are in local exchange time. Advanced Search Stocks Columns Authors Topics No results found LatestNews
Contact Us Journalists Blog Log In Sign Up Send a Release News Solutions Resources Search News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News dansk Deutsch español Français italiano Nederlands norsk português suomeksi svenska Update on Monoclonal Antibody Therapies for Multiple Sclerosis News provided by touchNEUROLOGY Jan 17, 2017, 07:45 ET Share this article LONDON, January 17, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- Gavin Giovannoni, European Neurological Review, 2016;11(2):96-100 DOI: https://doi.org/10.17925/ENR.2016.11.02.96      (Logo: http://photos.prnewswire.com/prnh/20151014/276718LOGO ) Published recently in European Neurological Review, the peer-reviewed journal from touchNEUROLOGY, Professor Giovannoni discusses the advantages of monoclonal antibodies in multiple sclerosis (MS) therapy: they are designed to be specific to their target and have very few off-target effects. Monoclonal antibodies have distinct structural characteristics and different targets, and their various mechanisms of action include cross-linking, blocking interactions, induction of signal transduction via receptor binding, complement-dependent cytotoxicity, and antibody-dependent cell-mediated cytotoxicity. Monoclonal antibodies should not therefore be considered a single class of treatments. Natalizumab and alemtuzumab are highly efficacious treatments approved for treating MS, though they tend to be reserved for patients with more active disease. Other monoclonal antibodies in advanced development include ocrelizumab, ofatumumab, daclizumab and opicinumab (anti-LINGO-1). Screening and monitoring is required to enable the optimal utilisation of all monoclonal antibodies and the benefit-risk profile of each monoclonal antibody needs to be fully considered before use. At present, patients have variable access to effective MS treatments, and this issue is likely to become even more important to address as new therapies become available. The full peer-reviewed, open-access article is available here: https://doi.org/10.17925/ENR.2016.11.02.96 Disclosure: Gavin Giovannoni has received compensation for serving as a consultant or speaker for, or has received research support from: AbbVie, Bayer Schering Healthcare, Biogen Idec, Canbex, Eisai, Elan, Five Prime Therapeutics, Genzyme, Genentech, GlaxoSmithKline, Ironwood Pharmaceuticals, Merck- Serono, Novartis, Roche, Sanofi-Aventis, Synthon BV, Teva Pharmaceutical Industries, UCB and Vertex Pharmaceuticals. Note to the Editor touchNEUROLOGY (a division of Touch Medical Media) publishes European Neurological Review, a peer-reviewed, open access, bi-annual journal specialising in the publication of balanced and comprehensive review articles written by leading authorities to address the most important and salient developments in the field of neurology. The aim of these reviews is to break down the high science from 'data-rich' primary papers and provide practical advice and opinion on how this information can help physicians in the day to day clinical setting. Practice guidelines, symposium write-ups, case reports, and original research articles are also featured to promote discussion and learning amongst physicians, clinicians, researchers and related healthcare professionals. http://www.touchNEUROLOGY.com For inquires please contact: Carla Denaro - Managing Editor T: +44 (0) 207 193 6093 managingeditor@touchmedicalmedia.com Providing practical opinion to support best practice for busy healthcare professionals. SOURCE touchNEUROLOGY Jan 17, 2017, 08:00 ET Preview: New Possibilities for B Cell Targeted Therapy in Multiple Sclerosis Jan 17, 2017, 07:30 ET Preview: Enhancing Patient Outcomes- Practical Approaches to Treatment Optimisation in Parkinson's Disease My News Release contains wide tables. View fullscreen. Also from this source Jan 19, 2017, 08:30 ETNew Review Describes the use of Safinamide in Parkinson's Disease Jan 19, 2017, 08:15 ETNew Review Explores Safinamide’s Unique Dual Mechanism of Action... Explore More news releases in similar topics Publishing & Information Services Health Care & Hospitals Medical Pharmaceuticals Pharmaceuticals Surveys, Polls and Research You just read: Update on Monoclonal Antibody Therapies for Multiple Sclerosis News provided by touchNEUROLOGY Jan 17, 2017, 07:45 ET Share this article Looking to send a news release with PR Newswire? Take advantage of the world's leading distribution platform. Sign up to get started Request more information Have an account? Log In Phone 8AM - 10PM ET +1-888-776-0942 Send a Release Sign Up Blog For Journalists Contact Us Search Searching for your content... Advanced Search Contact 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Chat Online with an Expert Contact Us Solutions Cision Communication Cloud™ For Marketers For Public Relations For IR & Compliance For Agency For Small Business All Products About About PR Newswire About Cision Become a Publishing Partner Become a Channel Partner Careers   Global Sites Asia Brazil Canada Europe Finland France India Israel Mexico Middle East Netherlands Sweden United Kingdom My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Terms of Use Privacy Policy Information Security Policy Statement Site Map RSS Feeds Copyright © 2017 PR Newswire Association LLC. All Rights Reserved. A Cision company. News Solutions Resources News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News dansk Deutsch español Français italiano Nederlands norsk português suomeksi svenska Phone +1-888-776-0942 8AM - 10PM ET Chat Chat Online with an Expert All contact info Send a ReleaseLog In
Contact Us Journalists Blog Log In Sign Up Send a Release News Solutions Resources Search News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News dansk Deutsch español Français italiano Nederlands norsk português suomeksi svenska Enhancing Patient Outcomes- Practical Approaches to Treatment Optimisation in Parkinson's Disease News provided by touchNEUROLOGY Jan 17, 2017, 07:30 ET Share this article LONDON, January 17, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- Claudia Trenkwalder, Stuart H Isaacson, Georg Ebersbach      (Logo: http://photos.prnewswire.com/prnh/20151014/276718LOGO ) European Neurological Review, 2016;11(Suppl.3):2-7; http://www.touchneurology.com/articles/enhancing-patient-outcomes-current-therapies-practical-approaches-treatment-optimisation Published recently in European Neurological Review, the peer-reviewed journal from touchNEUROLOGY, Claudia Trenkwalder et al, reports on a symposium, chaired by Claudia Trenkwalder (Germany), covering the most practical and effective approaches to enhance the outcomes of Parkinson's disease (PD) patients across all disease stages. Despite taking multiple oral medications to control the symptoms of PD, many patients experience significant OFF time each day, with troublesome motor fluctuations and dyskinesias, that impact their quality of life. Stuart Isaacson (US) discussed how to optimise ON time in PD patients once fluctuations start. He highlighted the importance of considering non-oral routes of administration of PD medication to avoid gastrointestinal issues that are common in PD and can affect medication absorption. He reviewed the results of the AM-IMPAKT (Apokyn for Motor IMProvement of morning AKinesia Trial) study, which demonstrated that delayed ON and dose failure due to poor absorption of oral levodopa can be rapidly and reliably overcome with subcutaneous apomorphine injection. Georg Ebersbach (Germany) considered the later stages of disease and the management of patients who require continuous dopaminergic stimulation. Using case study illustrations, he advised how to select the correct form of advanced therapy for patients, highlighting the importance of continuous review and monitoring to optimise their outcomes. The full peer-reviewed, open-access article is available here: http://www.touchneurology.com/articles/enhancing-patient-outcomes-current-therapies-practical-approaches-treatment-optimisation Disclosure: Claudia Trenkwalder has received personal fees for advisory boards from Mundipharma, UCB, Vifor Pharma, Britannia Pharmaceuticals, Novartis; payments for lectures from UCB, Astra Zeneca, Desitin, Mundipharma, Abbvie; royalties from Schattauer Verlag. Stuart H Isaacson has received honoraria for CME activities, research grants and/or consultant and promotional speaker fees from AbbVie, Acadia, Adamas, Addex, Allergan, Allon, AstraZeneca, Biotie, Britannia, Chelsea, Civitas, Eisai, GE, GSK, Impax, Ipsen, Kyowa, Lilly, Merck Schering-Plough, Medtronics, Merz, Michael J Fox Foundation, Novartis, Neurocrine, National Institutes of Health (NIH), Novartis, Orion, Parkinson Study Group, Phytopharm, Purdue, Roche, Santhera, Serono, Shire, Teva, UCB and US World Meds. Georg Ebersbach has received consultancies from AOK Nordost; honoraria for advisory boards from UCB Pharma, AbbVie Pharma, Grünenthal Pharma; speaker's honoraria from AbbVie Pharma, Britannia Pharma, Desitin Pharma, Grünenthal Pharma, Licher GmbH, Mundipharma, TEVA Pharma, UCB Pharma, Zambon Pharma; royalties from Kohlhammer Verlag. This article reports the proceedings of a sponsored satellite symposium held at the 20th International Congress of Parkinson's Disease and Movement Disorders, Berlin, Germany and, as such, has not been subject to this journal's usual peer-review process. A member of the editorial board reviewed the report before publication. Note to the Editor touchNEUROLOGY (a division of Touch Medical Media) publishes European Neurological Review, a peer-reviewed, open access, bi-annual journal specialising in the publication of balanced and comprehensive review articles written by leading authorities to address the most important and salient developments in the field of neurology. The aim of these reviews is to break down the high science from 'data-rich' primary papers and provide practical advice and opinion on how this information can help physicians in the day to day clinical setting. Practice guidelines, symposium write-ups, case reports, and original research articles are also featured to promote discussion and learning amongst physicians, clinicians, researchers and related healthcare professionals. http://www.touchNEUROLOGY.com For inquires please contact: Carla Denaro - Managing Editor T: +44 (0) 207 193 6093 managingeditor@touchmedicalmedia.com Providing practical opinion to support best practice for busy healthcare professionals. SOURCE touchNEUROLOGY Jan 17, 2017, 07:45 ET Preview: Update on Monoclonal Antibody Therapies for Multiple Sclerosis Jan 17, 2017, 07:15 ET Preview: Call to Action for a Consistent Care Pathway for Spastic Paresis Management My News Release contains wide tables. View fullscreen. Also from this source Jan 19, 2017, 08:30 ETNew Review Describes the use of Safinamide in Parkinson's Disease Jan 19, 2017, 08:15 ETNew Review Explores Safinamide’s Unique Dual Mechanism of Action... Explore More news releases in similar topics Publishing & Information Services Health Care & Hospitals Medical Pharmaceuticals Pharmaceuticals Surveys, Polls and Research You just read: Enhancing Patient Outcomes- Practical Approaches to Treatment Optimisation in Parkinson's Disease News provided by touchNEUROLOGY Jan 17, 2017, 07:30 ET Share this article Looking to send a news release with PR Newswire? Take advantage of the world's leading distribution platform. Sign up to get started Request more information Have an account? Log In Phone 8AM - 10PM ET +1-888-776-0942 Send a Release Sign Up Blog For Journalists Contact Us Search Searching for your content... Advanced Search Contact 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Chat Online with an Expert Contact Us Solutions Cision Communication Cloud™ For Marketers For Public Relations For IR & Compliance For Agency For Small Business All Products About About PR Newswire About Cision Become a Publishing Partner Become a Channel Partner Careers   Global Sites Asia Brazil Canada Europe Finland France India Israel Mexico Middle East Netherlands Sweden United Kingdom My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Terms of Use Privacy Policy Information Security Policy Statement Site Map RSS Feeds Copyright © 2017 PR Newswire Association LLC. All Rights Reserved. A Cision company. News Solutions Resources News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News dansk Deutsch español Français italiano Nederlands norsk português suomeksi svenska Phone +1-888-776-0942 8AM - 10PM ET Chat Chat Online with an Expert All contact info Send a ReleaseLog In
Regulatory News Search Search Products & Services    News Releases Close Send a release Become a client For journalists Global sites Asia Brazil Canada Finland France India Israel Mexico Netherlands Sweden United States See more news releases in Publishing & Information Services | Health Care & Hospitals | Medical Pharmaceuticals | Pharmaceuticals | Surveys, Polls and Research Update on Monoclonal Antibody Therapies for Multiple Sclerosis Download image LONDON, January 17, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- Gavin Giovannoni, European Neurological Review, 2016;11(2):96-100 DOI: https://doi.org/10.17925/ENR.2016.11.02.96      (Logo: http://photos.prnewswire.com/prnh/20151014/276718LOGO ) Published recently in European Neurological Review, the peer-reviewed journal from touchNEUROLOGY, Professor Giovannoni discusses the advantages of monoclonal antibodies in multiple sclerosis (MS) therapy: they are designed to be specific to their target and have very few off-target effects. Monoclonal antibodies have distinct structural characteristics and different targets, and their various mechanisms of action include cross-linking, blocking interactions, induction of signal transduction via receptor binding, complement-dependent cytotoxicity, and antibody-dependent cell-mediated cytotoxicity. Monoclonal antibodies should not therefore be considered a single class of treatments. Natalizumab and alemtuzumab are highly efficacious treatments approved for treating MS, though they tend to be reserved for patients with more active disease. Other monoclonal antibodies in advanced development include ocrelizumab, ofatumumab, daclizumab and opicinumab (anti-LINGO-1). Screening and monitoring is required to enable the optimal utilisation of all monoclonal antibodies and the benefit-risk profile of each monoclonal antibody needs to be fully considered before use. At present, patients have variable access to effective MS treatments, and this issue is likely to become even more important to address as new therapies become available. The full peer-reviewed, open-access article is available here: https://doi.org/10.17925/ENR.2016.11.02.96 Disclosure: Gavin Giovannoni has received compensation for serving as a consultant or speaker for, or has received research support from: AbbVie, Bayer Schering Healthcare, Biogen Idec, Canbex, Eisai, Elan, Five Prime Therapeutics, Genzyme, Genentech, GlaxoSmithKline, Ironwood Pharmaceuticals, Merck- Serono, Novartis, Roche, Sanofi-Aventis, Synthon BV, Teva Pharmaceutical Industries, UCB and Vertex Pharmaceuticals. Note to the Editor touchNEUROLOGY (a division of Touch Medical Media) publishes European Neurological Review, a peer-reviewed, open access, bi-annual journal specialising in the publication of balanced and comprehensive review articles written by leading authorities to address the most important and salient developments in the field of neurology. The aim of these reviews is to break down the high science from 'data-rich' primary papers and provide practical advice and opinion on how this information can help physicians in the day to day clinical setting. Practice guidelines, symposium write-ups, case reports, and original research articles are also featured to promote discussion and learning amongst physicians, clinicians, researchers and related healthcare professionals. http://www.touchNEUROLOGY.com For inquires please contact: Carla Denaro - Managing Editor T: +44 (0) 207 193 6093 managingeditor@touchmedicalmedia.com Providing practical opinion to support best practice for busy healthcare professionals. SOURCE touchNEUROLOGY More by this Source New Review Describes the use of Safinamide in Parkinson's Disease 19 Jan, 2017, 13:30 GMT New Review Explores Safinamide’s Unique Dual Mechanism of Action in Parkinson’s Disease 19 Jan, 2017, 13:15 GMT Tailored Temperature Management in Neurocritical Care 17 Jan, 2017, 13:15 GMT View all news by touchNEUROLOGY Journalists and Bloggers Visit PR Newswire for Journalists for releases, photos and customised feeds just for media. View and download archived video content distributed by MultiVu on The Digital Center. Next in Publishing & Information Services News   Get content for your website Enhance your website's or blog's content with PR Newswire's customised real-time news feeds. Start today.       Contact PR Newswire Send us an email at MarketingUK@prnewswire.co.uk or call us at +44 (0)20 7454 5382       Become a PR Newswire client Request more information about PR Newswire products & services or call us at +44 (0)20 7454 5382     Products & Services Knowledge Centre Browse News Releases Meet the Media Contact PR Newswire About PR Newswire Contact PR Newswire PR Newswire's Terms of Use Apply Privacy and Cookie Policy Site Map RSS Feeds Blog Copyright © 2017 PR Newswire Association LLC. All Rights Reserved. A Cisioncompany. Powered by Clickability.
Regulatory News Search Search Products & Services    News Releases Close Send a release Become a client For journalists Global sites Asia Brazil Canada Finland France India Israel Mexico Netherlands Sweden United States See more news releases in Publishing & Information Services | Health Care & Hospitals | Medical Pharmaceuticals | Pharmaceuticals | Surveys, Polls and Research Enhancing Patient Outcomes- Practical Approaches to Treatment Optimisation in Parkinson's Disease Download image LONDON, January 17, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- Claudia Trenkwalder, Stuart H Isaacson, Georg Ebersbach      (Logo: http://photos.prnewswire.com/prnh/20151014/276718LOGO ) European Neurological Review, 2016;11(Suppl.3):2-7; http://www.touchneurology.com/articles/enhancing-patient-outcomes-current-therapies-practical-approaches-treatment-optimisation Published recently in European Neurological Review, the peer-reviewed journal from touchNEUROLOGY, Claudia Trenkwalder et al, reports on a symposium, chaired by Claudia Trenkwalder (Germany), covering the most practical and effective approaches to enhance the outcomes of Parkinson's disease (PD) patients across all disease stages. Despite taking multiple oral medications to control the symptoms of PD, many patients experience significant OFF time each day, with troublesome motor fluctuations and dyskinesias, that impact their quality of life. Stuart Isaacson (US) discussed how to optimise ON time in PD patients once fluctuations start. He highlighted the importance of considering non-oral routes of administration of PD medication to avoid gastrointestinal issues that are common in PD and can affect medication absorption. He reviewed the results of the AM-IMPAKT (Apokyn for Motor IMProvement of morning AKinesia Trial) study, which demonstrated that delayed ON and dose failure due to poor absorption of oral levodopa can be rapidly and reliably overcome with subcutaneous apomorphine injection. Georg Ebersbach (Germany) considered the later stages of disease and the management of patients who require continuous dopaminergic stimulation. Using case study illustrations, he advised how to select the correct form of advanced therapy for patients, highlighting the importance of continuous review and monitoring to optimise their outcomes. The full peer-reviewed, open-access article is available here: http://www.touchneurology.com/articles/enhancing-patient-outcomes-current-therapies-practical-approaches-treatment-optimisation Disclosure: Claudia Trenkwalder has received personal fees for advisory boards from Mundipharma, UCB, Vifor Pharma, Britannia Pharmaceuticals, Novartis; payments for lectures from UCB, Astra Zeneca, Desitin, Mundipharma, Abbvie; royalties from Schattauer Verlag. Stuart H Isaacson has received honoraria for CME activities, research grants and/or consultant and promotional speaker fees from AbbVie, Acadia, Adamas, Addex, Allergan, Allon, AstraZeneca, Biotie, Britannia, Chelsea, Civitas, Eisai, GE, GSK, Impax, Ipsen, Kyowa, Lilly, Merck Schering-Plough, Medtronics, Merz, Michael J Fox Foundation, Novartis, Neurocrine, National Institutes of Health (NIH), Novartis, Orion, Parkinson Study Group, Phytopharm, Purdue, Roche, Santhera, Serono, Shire, Teva, UCB and US World Meds. Georg Ebersbach has received consultancies from AOK Nordost; honoraria for advisory boards from UCB Pharma, AbbVie Pharma, Grünenthal Pharma; speaker's honoraria from AbbVie Pharma, Britannia Pharma, Desitin Pharma, Grünenthal Pharma, Licher GmbH, Mundipharma, TEVA Pharma, UCB Pharma, Zambon Pharma; royalties from Kohlhammer Verlag. This article reports the proceedings of a sponsored satellite symposium held at the 20th International Congress of Parkinson's Disease and Movement Disorders, Berlin, Germany and, as such, has not been subject to this journal's usual peer-review process. A member of the editorial board reviewed the report before publication. Note to the Editor touchNEUROLOGY (a division of Touch Medical Media) publishes European Neurological Review, a peer-reviewed, open access, bi-annual journal specialising in the publication of balanced and comprehensive review articles written by leading authorities to address the most important and salient developments in the field of neurology. The aim of these reviews is to break down the high science from 'data-rich' primary papers and provide practical advice and opinion on how this information can help physicians in the day to day clinical setting. Practice guidelines, symposium write-ups, case reports, and original research articles are also featured to promote discussion and learning amongst physicians, clinicians, researchers and related healthcare professionals. http://www.touchNEUROLOGY.com For inquires please contact: Carla Denaro - Managing Editor T: +44 (0) 207 193 6093 managingeditor@touchmedicalmedia.com Providing practical opinion to support best practice for busy healthcare professionals. SOURCE touchNEUROLOGY More by this Source New Review Describes the use of Safinamide in Parkinson's Disease 19 Jan, 2017, 13:30 GMT New Review Explores Safinamide’s Unique Dual Mechanism of Action in Parkinson’s Disease 19 Jan, 2017, 13:15 GMT Tailored Temperature Management in Neurocritical Care 17 Jan, 2017, 13:15 GMT View all news by touchNEUROLOGY Journalists and Bloggers Visit PR Newswire for Journalists for releases, photos and customised feeds just for media. View and download archived video content distributed by MultiVu on The Digital Center. Next in Publishing & Information Services News   Get content for your website Enhance your website's or blog's content with PR Newswire's customised real-time news feeds. Start today.       Contact PR Newswire Send us an email at MarketingUK@prnewswire.co.uk or call us at +44 (0)20 7454 5382       Become a PR Newswire client Request more information about PR Newswire products & services or call us at +44 (0)20 7454 5382     Products & Services Knowledge Centre Browse News Releases Meet the Media Contact PR Newswire About PR Newswire Contact PR Newswire PR Newswire's Terms of Use Apply Privacy and Cookie Policy Site Map RSS Feeds Blog Copyright © 2017 PR Newswire Association LLC. All Rights Reserved. A Cisioncompany. Powered by Clickability.
  Choisissez la langue de votre document : bg - български es - español cs - čeština da - dansk de - Deutsch et - eesti keel el - ελληνικά en - English (Selected) fr - français hr - hrvatski it - italiano lv - latviešu valoda lt - lietuvių kalba hu - magyar mt - Malti nl - Nederlands pl - polski pt - português ro - română sk - slovenčina sl - slovenščina fi - suomi sv - svenska MOTION FOR A RESOLUTION  153k  41k 5.1.2017 PE596.753v01-00   B8-0043/2017 pursuant to Rule 133 of the Rules of Procedure on Ebola vaccine Mireille D'Ornano Motion for a European Parliament resolution on Ebola vaccine    B8-0043/2017 The European Parliament, –  having regard to Article 168 of the Treaty on the Functioning of the European Union, –  having regard to Rule 133 of its Rules of Procedure, A.  whereas the Ebola virus causes haemorrhagic fevers with a mortality rate of between 25% and 90% in human beings and is transmitted through blood; B.  whereas the centres of Ebola epidemics are located particularly in Guinea, Liberia and Sierra Leone, and whereas, according to the latest data available (from the World Health Organisation), 28 616 cases have been reported in those three countries, causing 11 310 deaths; C.  whereas, according to an announcement made by the World Health Organisation on 23 December 2016, a vaccine in the possession of the Merck pharmaceutical company containing a harmless form of the vesicular stomatitis virus which includes a gene for a protein in the Ebola virus has been found to be virtually 100% effective against that virus in pharmaceutical trials; 1.  Encourages the Commission to facilitate, as necessary, the placing on the market of the vaccine against the Ebola virus and to issue guidelines on vaccination, particularly, of people in transit or originating from regions where the disease is endemic. Last updated: 17 January 2017 Legal notice
null
Contact Us Journalists Blog Log In Sign Up Send a Release News Solutions Resources Search News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News dansk Deutsch español Français italiano Nederlands norsk português suomeksi svenska 22 Biopharma Companies Partner and Launch First-of-its-kind Global Initiative to Address Rise of Non-Communicable Diseases English Deutsch Français Español - Global, multi-stakeholder collaboration, called Access Accelerated, to be delivered in partnership with World Bank Group and Union for International Cancer Control (UICC) - Initial three-year commitment will catalyze, develop, measure and replicate sustainable programs in low and lower-middle income countries - Collective funding of $50 million and increased individual company program commitments to address NCDs News provided by The International Federation of Pharmaceutical Manufacturers and Associations Jan 18, 2017, 00:00 ET Share this article DAVOS, Switzerland, Jan. 18, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- Today at the World Economic Forum, twenty-two leading biopharmaceutical companies launched Access Accelerated, a global initiative to advance access to non-communicable disease (NCD) prevention and care in low and lower-middle income countries (LICs and LMICs). NCDs have reached a point of crisis, particularly in lower and middle income countries, where nearly 80 percent of NCD-related deaths occur. The goal of Access Accelerated, in partnership with the World Bank Group and the Union for International Cancer Control (UICC), is to work towards the United Nations Sustainable Development Goal (SDG) target to reduce premature deaths from NCDs by one-third by 2030.  "Through the commitment and expertise of the Access Accelerated partners, we will work towards a shared vision where no person dies prematurely from a preventable, treatable disease," said Ian Read, Chief Executive Officer of Pfizer and President of The International Federation of Pharmaceutical Manufacturers and Associations (IFPMA), on behalf of the initiative. "If the current trend in NCDs in low- and lower-middle income countries is not reversed, there is a real possibility we will undermine the progress we have made in health around the world. To reach our goal, we need to catalyze new partnerships, learn quickly and advance the resources and knowledge that will enable countries to tackle NCDs."   Building on more than 100 long-standing individual company investments to advance NCD care in developing countries, Access Accelerated will bring additional accountability and transparency to existing efforts while also placing a specific emphasis on addressing access barriers to NCD prevention, treatment and care. Efforts will be evaluated with the support of independent experts at Boston University to establish a framework for progress, measure effectiveness and deliver ongoing reporting.   With the World Bank Group the initiative will identify solutions to address financing, regulatory and service delivery barriers at country level. Additionally, the World Bank Group will conduct pilots in primary care to improve NCD outcomes in several countries, with an initial focus on a country in Africa.  "The rapid increase in NCDs in developing countries is a serious threat to our goal of improving the health of the world's poorest citizens and achieving universal health coverage," said Tim Evans, Senior Director of Health, Nutrition and Population at the World Bank Group. "Tackling this successfully will take coordinated effort by governments, civil society, the private sector and international partners. This new effort is an opportunity for all players to test and scale up innovative ways to deliver effective care for NCDs, with a strong focus on primary health care." In addition, the initiative plans to develop partnerships with organizations specializing in each of the major non-communicable diseases (NCDs), starting with cancer. As part of this effort, the coalition of companies will serve as a foundational partner of the UICC's C/Can 2025: City Cancer Challenge (C/Can 2025), which also launched at the World Economic Forum. In 2017, C/Can 2025 will engage cities around the world with a population over 1 million to improve cancer treatment and care, working with specific 'learning cities' in low- and middle-income countries which require international support to develop effective, sustainable cancer care delivery for their citizens. Initial learning cities will include Cali, Colombia; Asuncion, Paraguay; and Yangon, Myanmar; with additional locations to be announced this year. "C/Can 2025 strives towards a future where all cities can address the growing cancer burden they face and in low- and middle-income countries the international community can help put in place effective diagnostics and treatment to patients at risk of or diagnosed with cancer," said Cary Adams, Chief Executive Officer at UICC. "By working with Access Accelerated we will be able to improve cancer survival rates everywhere." For more information, please visit http://www.accessaccelerated.org. About Access Accelerated Access Accelerated is a first-of-its-kind, multi-stakeholder collaboration focused on improving NCD care. Involving more than 20 biopharmaceutical companies, the initiative works with partners such as World Bank Group and the Union for International Cancer Control (UICC) to help overcome a variety of access barriers to NCD medicines in low-income and lower-middle income countries. Access Accelerated will support multi-stakeholder dialogue and begin on-the-ground work to improve NCD prevention, diagnosis and treatment.   Contributing companies include: Almirall, Astellas, Bayer, Bristol-Myers Squibb, Celgene, Chugai, Daiichi Sankyo, Eisai, Eli Lilly and Company, EFPIA, GlaxoSmithKline, The International Federation of Pharmaceutical Manufacturers and Associations (IFPMA), Johnson & Johnson, JPMA, Menarini, Merck, MSD, Novartis, Pfizer, PhRMA, Roche, Sanofi, Shionogi, Sumitomo Dainippon, Takeda and UCB. IFPMA will act as the Secretariat for Access Accelerated.  About Non-Communicable Diseases (NCDs) NCDs, including cancers, cardiovascular diseases, chronic respiratory disease, diabetes and mental health disorders are the leading causes of death and disability worldwide. This places a double burden on communities and economies around the world already combating infectious diseases. CONTACT: MJ Walker, MJWalker@webershandwick.com, 212-445-8411 To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/22-biopharma-companies-partner-and-launch-first-of-its-kind-global-initiative-to-address-rise-of-non-communicable-diseases-300392195.html SOURCE The International Federation of Pharmaceutical Manufacturers and Associations Related Links http://www.accessaccelerated.org Jan 18, 2017, 00:00 ET Preview: 22 Sociétés Biopharmaceutiques s'Unissent pour Lancer la Première Initiative Mondiale Unique pour Traiter la Hausse des Maladies Non Transmissibles My News Release contains wide tables. View fullscreen. Also from this source Jan 18, 2017, 13:21 ET22 compañías biofarmacéuticas lanzan la primera iniciativa para... Jan 18, 2017, 00:00 ET22 Biopharmazeutische Unternehmen kooperieren und starten eine... Explore More news releases in similar topics Health Care & Hospitals Medical Pharmaceuticals Pharmaceuticals Joint Ventures Trade Show News You just read: 22 Biopharma Companies Partner and Launch First-of-its-kind Global Initiative to Address Rise of Non-Communicable Diseases News provided by The International Federation of Pharmaceutical Manufacturers and Associations Jan 18, 2017, 00:00 ET Share this article Looking to send a news release with PR Newswire? Take advantage of the world's leading distribution platform. Sign up to get started Request more information Have an account? Log In Phone 8AM - 10PM ET +1-888-776-0942 Send a Release Sign Up Blog For Journalists Contact Us Search Searching for your content... Advanced Search Contact 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Chat Online with an Expert Contact Us Solutions Cision Communication Cloud™ For Marketers For Public Relations For IR & Compliance For Agency For Small Business All Products About About PR Newswire About Cision Become a Publishing Partner Become a Channel Partner Careers   Global Sites Asia Brazil Canada Europe Finland France India Israel Mexico Middle East Netherlands Sweden United Kingdom My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Terms of Use Privacy Policy Information Security Policy Statement Site Map RSS Feeds Copyright © 2017 PR Newswire Association LLC. All Rights Reserved. A Cision company. News Solutions Resources News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News dansk Deutsch español Français italiano Nederlands norsk português suomeksi svenska Phone +1-888-776-0942 8AM - 10PM ET Chat Chat Online with an Expert All contact info Send a ReleaseLog In
Latest News Dow 20,094 -7.13 -0.04% Nasdaq 5,661 +5.61 +0.10% S&P 500 2,295 -1.99 -0.09% 9:58 P.M. ET Corporate insiders have a stock market surprise for you 6:43 P.M. ET Trump signs executive actions at Pentagon on immigrants and military 6:40 P.M. ET Potential Amazon partnership exciting for PayPal, analysts say 6:16 P.M. ET Updated The next anchor at your mall could be a food hall 6:08 P.M. ET Updated This is what $20 million hidden under a mattress looks like 6:08 P.M. ET How the Dow gives active fund management a good name 6:06 P.M. ET Updated Looking to get a mortgage in 2017? Here’s what you need to know 6:06 P.M. ET Updated Mexican billionaire Carlos Slim: ‘The best wall is opportunities, growth and employment in Mexico’ 5:43 P.M. ET Super Bowl Ad: Mr. Clean 5:38 P.M. ET Updated These are the largest employers in the U.S. — state by state 5:30 P.M. ET Updated Washington Post op-ed writer: ‘Look, I don’t need Steve Bannon’s permission to do my job’ 5:00 P.M. ET Why a Trump trade war is a danger to the S&P 500 4:37 P.M. ET Super Bowl Ad: Intel 4:36 P.M. ET Updated Dow ends landmark week with a whimper 4:35 P.M. ET Gorbachev: ‘The current situation is too dangerous’ 4:35 P.M. ET Lowe's board OKs $5 billion share buyback program 4:34 P.M. ET Super Bowl Ad: Skittles 4:29 P.M. ET Updated Will you have to pay for your parents’ retirement? 4:27 P.M. ET Updated 35 is the new 20: All four Australian Open finalists are over 30 years old 4:25 P.M. ET Updated Chili’s menu may not be as well-suited to takeout as Olive Garden’s, analysts say Log In Home News Viewer Video SectorWatch Podcasts First Take Games Portfolio My MarketWatch News Viewer Markets U.S. Europe/Middle East Emerging Markets Asia Canada SectorWatch Columns Market Snapshot Movers & Shakers The Tell Currencies Futures Movers Pre-Market News Tools Earnings Wall Markets Overview IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar Currency Tools Futures Contracts Market Screener Hulbert Interactive Investing Stocks Mutual Funds ETFs Options Bonds Commodities Currencies Futures Hedge Funds/Insider Trades Getting Started MarketWatch Adviser Columns Options Trader Revolution Investing Tools Stock Screener Funds Finder ETF Screener Options Screener IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar More... Personal Finance 10 Things Big Spender Real Estate Spending & Saving Taxes Columns The Moneyologist Brett Arends Bill Bischoff Amy Hoak Chuck Jaffe Jennifer Openshaw Jennifer Waters Tools Funds Finder Today's Rates Retirement Retire Here, Not There Encore Taxes How-to Guides Social Security Estate Planning Events Columns Robert Powell's Retirement Portfolio Andrea Coombes's Working Retirement Tools Retirement Planner How long will my money last? Economy Federal Reserve Capitol Report Economic Report Columns Darrell Delamaide Irwin Kellner Rex Nutting Tools Economic Calendar Real Estate Location Scouts realtor.com My MarketWatch Watchlist Alerts Games Log In Bulletin Dow, S&P 500 close lower Friday but break 2-week losing streak Home Press Release 22 Biopharma Companies Partner and Launch First-of-its-kind Global Initiative to Address Rise of Non-Communicable Diseases By Published: Jan 18, 2017 12:00 a.m. ET Share - Global, multi-stakeholder collaboration, called Access Accelerated, to be delivered in partnership with World Bank Group and Union for International Cancer Control (UICC)- Initial three-year commitment will catalyze, develop, measure and replicate sustainable programs in low and lower-middle income countries- Collective funding of $50 million and increased individual company program commitments to address NCDs DAVOS, Switzerland, Jan. 18, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- Today at the World Economic Forum, twenty-two leading biopharmaceutical companies launched Access Accelerated, a global initiative to advance access to non-communicable disease (NCD) prevention and care in low and lower-middle income countries (LICs and LMICs). NCDs have reached a point of crisis, particularly in lower and middle income countries, where nearly 80 percent of NCD-related deaths occur. The goal of Access Accelerated, in partnership with the World Bank Group and the Union for International Cancer Control (UICC), is to work towards the United Nations Sustainable Development Goal (SDG) target to reduce premature deaths from NCDs by one-third by 2030.  "Through the commitment and expertise of the Access Accelerated partners, we will work towards a shared vision where no person dies prematurely from a preventable, treatable disease," said Ian Read, Chief Executive Officer of Pfizer and President of The International Federation of Pharmaceutical Manufacturers and Associations (IFPMA), on behalf of the initiative. "If the current trend in NCDs in low- and lower-middle income countries is not reversed, there is a real possibility we will undermine the progress we have made in health around the world. To reach our goal, we need to catalyze new partnerships, learn quickly and advance the resources and knowledge that will enable countries to tackle NCDs."   Building on more than 100 long-standing individual company investments to advance NCD care in developing countries, Access Accelerated will bring additional accountability and transparency to existing efforts while also placing a specific emphasis on addressing access barriers to NCD prevention, treatment and care. Efforts will be evaluated with the support of independent experts at Boston University to establish a framework for progress, measure effectiveness and deliver ongoing reporting.   With the World Bank Group the initiative will identify solutions to address financing, regulatory and service delivery barriers at country level. Additionally, the World Bank Group will conduct pilots in primary care to improve NCD outcomes in several countries, with an initial focus on a country in Africa.  "The rapid increase in NCDs in developing countries is a serious threat to our goal of improving the health of the world's poorest citizens and achieving universal health coverage," said Tim Evans, Senior Director of Health, Nutrition and Population at the World Bank Group. "Tackling this successfully will take coordinated effort by governments, civil society, the private sector and international partners. This new effort is an opportunity for all players to test and scale up innovative ways to deliver effective care for NCDs, with a strong focus on primary health care." In addition, the initiative plans to develop partnerships with organizations specializing in each of the major non-communicable diseases (NCDs), starting with cancer. As part of this effort, the coalition of companies will serve as a foundational partner of the UICC's C/Can 2025: City Cancer Challenge (C/Can 2025), which also launched at the World Economic Forum. In 2017, C/Can 2025 will engage cities around the world with a population over 1 million to improve cancer treatment and care, working with specific 'learning cities' in low- and middle-income countries which require international support to develop effective, sustainable cancer care delivery for their citizens. Initial learning cities will include Cali, Colombia; Asuncion, Paraguay; and Yangon, Myanmar; with additional locations to be announced this year. "C/Can 2025 strives towards a future where all cities can address the growing cancer burden they face and in low- and middle-income countries the international community can help put in place effective diagnostics and treatment to patients at risk of or diagnosed with cancer," said Cary Adams, Chief Executive Officer at UICC. "By working with Access Accelerated we will be able to improve cancer survival rates everywhere." For more information, please visit http://www.accessaccelerated.org. About Access Accelerated Access Accelerated is a first-of-its-kind, multi-stakeholder collaboration focused on improving NCD care. Involving more than 20 biopharmaceutical companies, the initiative works with partners such as World Bank Group and the Union for International Cancer Control (UICC) to help overcome a variety of access barriers to NCD medicines in low-income and lower-middle income countries. Access Accelerated will support multi-stakeholder dialogue and begin on-the-ground work to improve NCD prevention, diagnosis and treatment.   Contributing companies include: Almirall, Astellas, Bayer, Bristol-Myers Squibb, Celgene, Chugai, Daiichi Sankyo, Eisai, Eli Lilly and Company, EFPIA, GlaxoSmithKline, The International Federation of Pharmaceutical Manufacturers and Associations (IFPMA), Johnson & Johnson, JPMA, Menarini, Merck, MSD, Novartis, Pfizer, PhRMA, Roche, Sanofi, Shionogi, Sumitomo Dainippon, Takeda and UCB. IFPMA will act as the Secretariat for Access Accelerated.  About Non-Communicable Diseases (NCDs) NCDs, including cancers, cardiovascular diseases, chronic respiratory disease, diabetes and mental health disorders are the leading causes of death and disability worldwide. This places a double burden on communities and economies around the world already combating infectious diseases. CONTACT: MJ Walker, MJWalker@webershandwick.com, 212-445-8411 To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/22-biopharma-companies-partner-and-launch-first-of-its-kind-global-initiative-to-address-rise-of-non-communicable-diseases-300392195.html SOURCE The International Federation of Pharmaceutical Manufacturers and Associations Copyright (C) 2017 PR Newswire. All rights reserved Most Popular Two things are happening in the U.S. stock market for the first time since 1900 Looking to get a mortgage in 2017? Here’s what you need to know Trump calls U.S.-Mexico trade one-sided — and here’s the reality These are the largest employers in the U.S. — state by state This is what $20 million hidden under a mattress looks like MarketWatch Partner Center Luxury Real Estate Ivanka Trump, Jared Kushner reportedly buy $5.6 million house in D.C. View More Barron's Next Why a deal for Kate Spade looks almost inevitable View More Real Estate The surprising cities where you’ll find America’s newest and oldest homes View More SectorWatch Here's what Trump means for health care View More Sponsored Headlines MarketWatch Site Index Topics Help Feedback Newsroom Roster Media Archive Premium Products Mobile Company Company Info Code of Conduct Corrections Advertising Media Kit Advertise Locally Reprints & Licensing Broker Center Your Ad Choices Dow Jones Network WSJ.com Barron's Online BigCharts Virtual Stock Exchange Financial News Online WSJ.com Small Business realtor.com Mansion Global Back to Top Copyright ©2017 MarketWatch, Inc. All rights reserved. By using this site you agree to the Terms of Service, Privacy Policy, and Cookie Policy. Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. Intraday data delayed per exchange requirements. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real time last sale data provided by NASDAQ. More information on NASDAQ traded symbols and their current financial status. Intraday data delayed 15 minutes for Nasdaq, and 20 minutes for other exchanges. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. SEHK intraday data is provided by SIX Financial Information and is at least 60-minutes delayed. All quotes are in local exchange time. Advanced Search Stocks Columns Authors Topics No results found LatestNews
