null
null
Home About Us Advert Rates Jobs Sporting Life Advert Rates E-Papers My Account Logout Register Log In Home About Us Advert Rates Jobs Sporting Life Advert Rates E-Papers My Account Logout Register Log In News Columnists Monday Sam Omatseye Soji Omotunde Emeka Omeihe Femi Macaulay Tuesday Olatunji Dare Olakunle Abimbola Sanya Oni Wednesday Mohammed Harunna Dele Agekameh Tony Marinho Thursday Gbenga Omotoso Lawal Ogienagbon Dapo Fafowora Jide Osuntokun Jide Oluwajuyitan Gbogun gboro Friday Segun Gbadegesin Olatunji Ololade Femi Abbas Louis Odion Steve Osuji Saturday Segun Ayobolu Ade Ojeikere Yomi Odunuga Dayo Sobowale Victor Akande Hannatu Musawa Sunday Tatalo Alamu Idowu Akinlotan Festus Eriye Biodun Jeyifo Ropo Sekoni Femi Orebe Tunji Adegboyega Lekan Otufodunrin Oyinkan Medubi Politics Business Infotech Aviation Money Maritime Capital Market Building & Properties Motoring Jobs Insurance Industry Energy Agriculture Equities Labour Brand week Shopping Transportation Editorial Hardball Cartoon Sports HEALTH Entertainment Celebrity Magazine Niger Delta Northern Report SouthEast Southwest Saturday Magazine Weekend Treat Crime Diary Family Matters Fashion Sunday magazine Glamour Young Nation Worship Education Campus Life Menu News Columnists Monday Sam Omatseye Soji Omotunde Emeka Omeihe Femi Macaulay Tuesday Olatunji Dare Olakunle Abimbola Sanya Oni Wednesday Mohammed Harunna Dele Agekameh Tony Marinho Thursday Gbenga Omotoso Lawal Ogienagbon Dapo Fafowora Jide Osuntokun Jide Oluwajuyitan Gbogun gboro Friday Segun Gbadegesin Olatunji Ololade Femi Abbas Louis Odion Steve Osuji Saturday Segun Ayobolu Ade Ojeikere Yomi Odunuga Dayo Sobowale Victor Akande Hannatu Musawa Sunday Tatalo Alamu Idowu Akinlotan Festus Eriye Biodun Jeyifo Ropo Sekoni Femi Orebe Tunji Adegboyega Lekan Otufodunrin Oyinkan Medubi Politics Business Infotech Aviation Money Maritime Capital Market Building & Properties Motoring Jobs Insurance Industry Energy Agriculture Equities Labour Brand week Shopping Transportation Editorial Hardball Cartoon Sports HEALTH Entertainment Celebrity Magazine Niger Delta Northern Report SouthEast Southwest Saturday Magazine Weekend Treat Crime Diary Family Matters Fashion Sunday magazine Glamour Young Nation Worship Education Campus Life Home News Update Buhari’s wife, Senate to partner German company on reproductive health  Buhari’s wife, Senate to partner German company on reproductive health  Posted By: Onyedi Ojiabor, Abujaon: October 12, 2016In: News UpdateNo Comments Print Email Share 0 Tweet 0 Mrs. Aishat Muhammadu Buhari Wife of the President, Mrs. Aisha Buhari and the Senate, Wednesday pledged to partner Merck Pharmaceuticals – a German company – on reproductive health issues in the country. Mrs. Buhari who is also the initiator of Future Assured and the Chairman Senate Committee on Health, Senator Lanre Tejuoso disclosed this during the “Merck More than a Mother” in Nigeria Campaign Launch in Abuja. “Merck More than a Mother” initiated by Dr. Rasha Kelej – Chief Social Officer of Merck – aims to empower infertile women by improving access to information, education, healthcare, change of culture, mindset and to de-stigmatize infertility. Mrs. Buhari in a speech read on her behalf by the Vice President’s wife, Mrs. Dolapo Osinbajo,  pledged her support in the implementation of “Merck More than a Mother’s” activities in Nigeria – with emphasis on creating awareness and providing information and education on causes of infertility; facilitating access to healthcare; and economic and social empowerment of infertile women. She expressed her willingness to help strengthen advocacy for women with infertility challenges through her Future Assured Initiative Project. On his part, Chairman Senate Committee on Health, Senator Lanre Tejuoso, said the Senate would initiate a legislation on Assisted Reproductive Technologies (ART) in the country. Wife of the Senate President, Mrs. Toyin Saraki, in her remarks, called for partnership between government and the private sector to make infertility treatment affordable. Saraki’s wife who spoke on behalf of wives of other Senators said that they would carry the message of the “Merck More than a Mother” campaign to every Senatorial District in the country. A panel discussion by fertility experts and policy makers during the launch called for an end to the stigmatization of infertile women; creation of awareness and education on the causes of infertility and management since over 85% of the cases are caused by infections which can be treated and prevented. They added that it also involved building advocacy for the development of ART laws to improve the governance and quality of fertility care; improving access to fertility care by integrating it into public reproductive health services and building the capacity to provide quality and safe fertility care through training. The panelists also supported the empowerment of infertile women who form a vulnerable part of the population and noted that infertile women in Nigeria and many other African countries who can no longer be treated have been empowered socially and economically to lead independent and happier lives through “Empowering Berna” initiative. “Empowering Berna” is part of “Merck More than a Mother” campaign. The panel included Senator Dr. Lanre Tejuoso, the Chairman Senate Committee of Health; Minister of Health, Prof.  Isaac Adewole, Minister of Women Affairs, Senator Aisha Alhassan and Uganda’s Minister of State for Health, Hon. Sarah Opendi. Others are a Member of the Kenyan Parliament, Hon. Joyce Lay; National Coordinator, Future Assured, Dr. Mohammed Kamal; President of Africa Fertility Society, Prof. Oladapo Ashiru and Chief Social Officer of Merck Pharmaceuticals, Rasha Kelej. Do you get a good or bad response from your wife after making love? Discover a great natural solution that changed my story and put an end to weak/premature ejaculation, CLICK HERE 33 Years old lekki woman Revealed what her husband Used to increase his Small manhood size and performed longer in bed last night click here to see the solution Still Struggling with Premature Ejaculation & Small Penis? Use these Proven solutions Guaranteed to Help You Last 25mins in Bed and Get a Bigger Manhood, It's Safe & No Side Effect. Click Here for free Info! Ad Here: x Discover the easiest and fastest way to say no to 1minute 1round Kerewa things and gain back your lost respect. Enhance your sexual activeness and Boost your sperm quality naturally with no fears of side effect, i bet you she will beg you for more Tags: Merck PharmaceuticalsMrs Aisha BuhariSenateWife of the President Share 0 Tweet 0 News Updates $175m found in Jonathan’s wife’s firm’s bank account 6:00 am THE BEDROOM SECRET THAT COMPLETELY CHANGED MY SEXUAL LIFE 5:49 am Nature’s miracle that Cure Diabetes and it’s Complications{Read More} 5:13 am I’ll deport three million illegal immigrants, says Trump 12:09 am Fed Govt: 1,459mw coming from 20 plants 12:08 am Nigeria to end $800m a year wheat import from Russia 12:07 am MTN to list shares in capital market 12:06 am ’House still consulting on Buhari’s $29.9b loan’ 12:05 am Troops’ presence reason behind bombings, says Avengers  12:04 am Fed Govt to float pension scheme for self-employed individuals 12:04 am Maguphobia 12:03 am Falana urges government to release Dasuki on bail 12:03 am Oyedepo’s two cities 12:03 am Politics of rice 12:03 am Power firms 12:03 am Trumpquake 12:03 am Ashflame shoots Package video 12:02 am Pensioners seek release of N51b accrued right 12:02 am ILO: Forced labour creates $150b illicit funds yearly 12:02 am UACN launches mandatory takeover for Portland Paints 12:02 am SPONSORED POST THE BEDROOM SECRET THAT COMPLETELY CHANGED MY SEXUAL LIFE Nature’s miracle that Cure Diabetes and it’s Complications{Read More} SCIENTIFICALLY PROVEN NATURAL CURE TO WEAK ERECTION AND ENLARGED PROSTATE Columnist- Friday Hostage to power (1) Oshiomhole in Edo history The seed of terror Shame on you, America An unambiguous message $30b loan, not a dime for Southeast What message will America send? Without a Leader like Him…? Love in the time of recession Follow Us THE NATION E-PAPER Register Log In Advertising Find us on Facebook Documentary: Maternal mortality in Nigeria Twitter Timeline Tweets by @TheNationNews Copyright © 2015, All Rights Reserved Ad Here: 300x250
Regulatory News Search Search Products & Services    News Releases Close Send a release Become a client For journalists Global sites Asia Brazil Canada Finland France India Israel Mexico Netherlands Sweden United States See more news releases in Electronic Components | Computer Electronics | Biotechnology | Health Care & Hospitals | Medical Equipment | Surveys, Polls and Research Merck Publishes First International Curiosity Study DARMSTADT, Germany, October 12, 2016 /PRNewswire/ -- Only one in five employees say they are curious  While curiosity is important to employees, it is rarely put into practice  The study is part of the Merck Curiosity Initiative   "A curious person is more likely to bring an idea to life at work" - more than eight out of ten employees (85 percent) from Germany, the US, and China agreed with this statement. This was one of the findings of the first global curiosity study from Merck, a leading science and technology company. The study examines the curiosity index of workers in four dimensions. The goal: To compare curiosity levels at work in an international context. Even though curiosity plays an important role on the job, the majority of study participants did not describe themselves as curious. Only one in five employees (20 percent) identified with this quality. Staff instead described themselves as organised, collaborative, and detail-oriented. "Curious" came only in twelfth place. Nevertheless, this quality holds great potential for a company's ability to innovate. "Innovation and technological progress do not appear out of the blue. They always develop out of a person's sense of curiosity about something new. Scientific curiosity and the joy of discovery are thus our most important resources when it comes to finding answers to global challenges such as the aging of our society or population growth," says Stefan Oschmann, Chairman of the Executive Board and CEO of Merck. "That's why curiosity should be a key aspect of our everyday work." Four dimensions of curiosity  Merck examined with its Curiosity Study 2016 the extent to which staff are able to make the most of their curiosity at work, and if they are encouraged to do so. Last year, the company already surveyed 1,013 full-time employees online in the US. In 2016, Merck expanded its survey to China and Germany in order to draw a global comparison, since these three countries are characterised by different cultures and economic systems. To define the concept of curiosity, and to make it measurable, Merck has worked closely with curiosity expert Todd Kashdan, who teaches at George Mason University in the United States. Together, they came up with four dimensions of curiosity: Inquisitiveness, creativity, openness, and distress tolerance. For the study, Merck conducted more than 3,000 online surveys with full-time employees in Germany, the US, and China. Focus group interviews were also carried out. Lack of creative freedom  Just because employees do not describe themselves as curious, does not necessarily mean that they're not. They simply do not exhibit this quality as strongly outwardly - likely because curiosity is usually not as appreciated in their daily work as other qualities. The survey results also support this thesis. Thus, 73 percent of respondents do not feel comfortable asking more questions at work. Nearly one out of every two workers surveyed in Germany (45 percent) agreed with the statement that they are discouraged by their employer from challenging the status quo. To develop new ideas, employees first and foremost need flexibility: 35 percent of German employees cited self-directed work as the most important factor. Promote curiosity  Merck launched the Curiositiy Initiative in August 2016 to promote curiosity. On the interactive online platform at curiosity.merckgroup.com, visitors can take a self-test to find out how curious they are. There are also tips for overcoming creative blocks and a number of fascinating articles on the subject of curiosity. The scientific foundation of the Curiosity Initiative is the Merck Curiosity Council, consisting of experts in the field of curiosity research. The Council is composed of Professor Todd Kashdan of George Mason University in Virginia, USA, and Dr. Carl Naughton, German-English author, scholar, and speaker. He has researched and taught in the field of educational psychology at the University of Cologne, and  also written books on the topics of thinking, communication, and curiosity. Further members of the Council include Andreas Steinle, CEO of the Future Institute in Kelkheim/Frankfurt and Dr. Kunlin Wei, Professor of Psychology at the Institute for Psychological and Cognitive Sciences at the University of Beijing, China. More information can be found here; information on the Curiosity Initiative is available at curiosity.merck.de. The full report may be found here . All Merck Press Releases are distributed by e-mail at the same time they become available on the Merck Website. Please go to http://www.merckgroup.com/subscribe to register online, change your selection or discontinue this service. About Merck  Merck is a leading science and technology company in healthcare, life science and performance materials. Around 50,000 employees work to further develop technologies that improve and enhance life - from biopharmaceutical therapies to treat cancer or multiple sclerosis, cutting-edge systems for scientific research and production, to liquid crystals for smartphones and LCD televisions. In 2015, Merck generated sales of € 12.85 billion in 66 countries. Founded in 1668, Merck is the world's oldest pharmaceutical and chemical company. The founding family remains the majority owner of the publicly listed corporate group. Merck, Darmstadt, Germany holds the global rights to the Merck name and brand. The only exceptions are the United States and Canada, where the company operates as EMD Serono, MilliporeSigma and EMD Performance Materials. Contact: Danielle Amos: danni@kisscom.co.uk - +44(0)1223-911-123 SOURCE Merck More by this Source Merck gana el R&D 100 Award por una invención superior 11 Nov, 2016, 19:19 GMT Merck remporte un prix R&D 100 pour son innovation 11 Nov, 2016, 15:55 GMT Merck Wins R&D 100 Award for Top Invention 11 Nov, 2016, 13:00 GMT View all news by Merck Journalists and Bloggers Visit PR Newswire for Journalists for releases, photos and customised feeds just for media. View and download archived video content distributed by MultiVu on The Digital Center. Next in Electronic Components News   Get content for your website Enhance your website's or blog's content with PR Newswire's customised real-time news feeds. Start today.       Contact PR Newswire Send us an email at MarketingUK@prnewswire.co.uk or call us at +44 (0)20 7454 5382       Become a PR Newswire client Request more information about PR Newswire products & services or call us at +44 (0)20 7454 5382     Products & Services Knowledge Centre Browse News Releases Meet the Media Contact PR Newswire About PR Newswire Contact PR Newswire PR Newswire's Terms of Use Apply Privacy and Cookie Policy Site Map RSS Feeds Blog Copyright © 2016 PR Newswire Association LLC. All Rights Reserved. A Cisioncompany. Powered by Clickability.
null
Home News Cover Stories World Africa Metro Politics Education Crime Law Health Labour Matters Agriculture Science & Technology Business Aviation Banking Capital Markets Commerce and Industry Energy Finance Insurance Mines and Steel Property Sports Football Fifa World Cup 2014 Athletics Tennis Golf Basketball Boxing Cycling Wrestling Table Tennis Weight Lifting Other Sports Features For the Record Interval Interviews Columns Monday Column Tuesday Column Wednesday Column Thursday Column Friday Column Saturday Column Sunday Column Opinion Blogs Money Matters Declare Law and The Nation Law and The Society Naija Langwej A-Z On The Turf Ruffles Sharp Strokes Window On Leadership On The Lighter Side Defence Focus Customs Focus Inside Out Eye On The Bankers’ Bank Politics and Policy Health Matters Periscope Psychological Musings Randoms Tax In Focus My Leadership Series Editorial Cartoons Letters Entertainment Arts Life and Culture Music Movies Inside Nollywood Kannywood Style Fashion and Style Living and Trends Weddings Dining Religion Menu Home News + Cover Stories World Africa Metro Politics Education Crime Law Health Labour Matters Agriculture Science & Technology Business + Aviation Banking Capital Markets Commerce and Industry Energy Finance Insurance Mines and Steel Property Sports + Football Fifa World Cup 2014 Athletics Tennis Golf Basketball Boxing Cycling Wrestling Table Tennis Weight Lifting Other Sports Features + For the Record Interval Interviews Columns + Monday Column Tuesday Column Wednesday Column Thursday Column Friday Column Saturday Column Sunday Column Opinion + Blogs Money Matters Declare Law and The Nation Law and The Society Naija Langwej A-Z On The Turf Ruffles Sharp Strokes Window On Leadership On The Lighter Side Defence Focus Customs Focus Inside Out Eye On The Bankers’ Bank Politics and Policy Health Matters Periscope Psychological Musings Randoms Tax In Focus My Leadership Series Editorial Cartoons Letters Entertainment + Arts Life and Culture Music Movies Inside Nollywood Kannywood Style + Fashion and Style Living and Trends Weddings Dining Religion About Advertise Contact Community Terms and Conditions Cookies & Privacy Policy Site Map Just In Group Seeks Probe Into Death Of 24 Years Old Disable Man Rivers Rerun: Enemies Of Rivers Will Be Disappointed – Wike Partnership With Police Led To Arrest Of 60 Suspected Cultists, Robbers – Bayelsa Vigilante Group Crime: Police Nab Man For Using Nude Picture To Extort, Blackmail Ladies Home / Cover Stories / News / Senate, Aisha Buhari To Partner German Coy On Reproductive Health Senate, Aisha Buhari To Partner German Coy On Reproductive Health Abuja, By BODE GBADEBO — Oct 12, 2016 1:49 pm | Leave a comment The Senate and the Wife of the President, Mrs Aisha Buhari, have pledged to partner Merck Pharmaceuticals, a German company, on reproductive health issues in the country. Mrs. Buhari, who is also the initiator of ‘Future Assured’ and the chairman of the Senate Committee on Health, Senator Lanre Tejuoso, made this known during the “Merck More Than A Mother” campaign launch in Abuja. “Merck More than a Mother” campaign, which was initiated by Dr. Rasha Kelej, the Chief Social Officer of Merck, aims to empower infertile women by improving access to information, education, healthcare, change of culture, mindset and to de-stigmatise infertility. For her part, Mrs Buhari, represented by the Vice President’s wife, Mrs. Dolapo Osinbajo,  pledged her support in the implementation of “Merck More than a Mother” campaign activities in Nigeria with emphasis on creating awareness and providing information and education on causes of infertility; facilitating access to healthcare; and economic and social empowerment of infertile women. She stated that she will help strengthen advocacy for women with infertility challenges through her Future Assured initiative project. Also speaking, the chairman of the Senate Committee on Health, Senator Tejuoso, said the Senate would initiate a legislation on Assisted Reproductive Technologies (ART) in the country. Earlier, Wife of the Senate President, Barr. Toyin Saraki, in her remarks, called for a partnership between government and the private sector to make infertility treatment affordable. On behalf of fellow Senators’ wives, Saraki’s wife committed that they would carry the message of the “Merck More than a Mother” campaign to every senatorial district in the country. Meanwhile, a panel discussion by fertility experts and policy makers during the launch called for an end to the stigmatization of infertile women; creation of awareness and education on the causes of infertility and management since over 85% of the cases are caused by infections which can be treated and prevented. The panelists added that it also involved building advocacy for the development of ART laws to improve the governance and quality of fertility care; improving access to fertility care by integrating it into public reproductive health services and building the capacity to provide quality and safe fertility care through training.  They also expressed support for the empowerment of infertile women who form a vulnerable part of the population and noted that infertile women in Nigeria and many other African countries who can no longer be treated have been empowered socially and economically to lead independent and happier lives through “Empowering Berna” initiative. “Empowering Berna” is part of “Merck More than a Mother” campaign. The panel included Senator Dr. Lanre Tejuoso; Minister of Health, Prof.  Isaac Adewole; Minister of Women Affairs, Senator Aisha Alhassan; and Uganda’s Minister of State for Health, Hon. Sarah Opendi. Others were a member of the Kenyan Parliament, Hon. Joyce Lay; National Coordinator, Future Assured, Dr. Mohammed Kamal; President of Africa Fertility Society, Prof. Oladapo Ashiru; and Chief Social Officer of Merck Pharmaceuticals, Rasha Kelej. Facebook Twitter Google+ reddit LinkedIn StumbleUpon See How I Satisfied My Woman For Over 30 mins in Bed and Enlarge my penis size without Side Effect(Click Here To Read) Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. comments powered by Disqus « Previous Article Janet Jackson Confirms She Is Pregnant At 50 Next Article » Reps Urges FG To Declare State of Emergency On Kidnapping  Latest Posts 5:38 pm Group Seeks Probe Into Death Of 24 Years Old Disable Man — Comment 5:34 pm Rivers Rerun: Enemies Of Rivers Will Be Disappointed – Wike — Comment 5:05 pm Partnership With Police Led To Arrest Of 60 Suspected Cultists, Robbers – Bayelsa Vigilante Group — Comment 5:00 pm Crime: Police Nab Man For Using Nude Picture To Extort, Blackmail Ladies — Comment 4:59 pm Dangote , Ambode Task Obaseki On Good Governance — Comment 4:53 pm Reps Summon Nigeria Navy Over Vandalised Seized Ships — Comment 4:37 pm Dogara Charges Dangote, Others To Tackle Recession — Comment 4:30 pm Makarfi Bags Bridge Builders Award — Comment 3:54 pm FG Begins Restructuring Of Aviation Security — Comment 3:48 pm No Plan To Dump PDP- BoT Chair — Comment Join Leadership Community Forum Poll Should The Federal Government Swap Detained Boko Haram Members For Chibok Girls? Yes No Vote Total Votes: 3976 Download Alexa Toolbar Tweets by @LeadershipNGA Exchange Rate Naira Exchange Rate Tweets by @FRSCNigeria Leadership Community Login Username * Password * No Community Account? Create One! Photo Gallery Photos: Federal Executive Council Meeting today Daily Columns Monday China’s New Long March With Xi As The Core Leader by By Dr Zhou Pingjian PhD. Nov 7th | Comments China launched its first heavy-lift Long March 5 carrier rocket last Thursday, marking a new milestone in the country’s space industry. As the nation’s strongest and most technologically advanced launch… …read more Tuesday Nigerian Army And Its Deliberate Persecution by By Philip Agbese Nov 8th | Comments The Nigerian Army (NA) is facing one of its worse moments in the history of its existence in the country. It is confronted with the difficult and unenviable duty of… …read more Wednesday As America Votes… by Hannatu Musawa Nov 9th | Comments Tuesday, the 8th of November was the day the world turned their attention towards “Uncle Sam.” It is the day when Americans went to the polls to elect the President… …read more Thursday Sultan Sa’ad@10: Contemporary Leader For Contemporary Times Nov 10th | Comments This month Sultan Muhammad Sa’ad bn Sultan Sir Abubakar III is celebrating the tenth anniversary of his ascension to the throne of Sokoto Caliphate. He succeeded his brother Sultan Muhammadu… …read more Friday Magu’s Anniversary Gift And Our Kenya Moment Nov 11th | Comments It was an unexpected gift on the eve of his first year in office. The Senate has cleared all those put forward by President Muhammadu Buhari for confirmation nearly four… …read more Saturday Trump’s Triumph And America’s Bewitched Democracy by Terka Jam Nov 12th | Comments The frills and thrills of months of hot partisan campaigns between American democrats and republicans have ended with the declaration of the Republican and billionaire businessman, Mr Donald Trump as… …read more Sunday On My Father’s Shoulders by Osita Chidoka Nov 13th | Comments I stood on daddy’s shoulders and grew tall enough to see distances unimagined, to scan the horizon and enjoy vistas of a world he dreamt about. My father carried me… …read more Copyright © 2015 Leadership Newspaper. All Rights Reserved. Facebook Twitter Google+ reddit LinkedIn StumbleUpon

Science BI Intelligence Events Trending Tech Insider Finance Politics Strategy Life Sports Video All × From To You have successfully emailed the post. × 
     

 A new kind of drug is working better than chemotherapy in some lung cancer patients Lydia Ramsey Oct. 10, 2016, 9:48 AM 16,342 facebook linkedin twitter email print In this 2011 image, tiny beads (yellow) are used to force T-cells to divide before they are given to leukemia patients. University of Pennsylvania via Microbe World / Flickr For people with advanced forms of lung cancer, chemotherapy might not be the only — or even the best — option.  The drug, marketed as Keytruda, is one of a new set of drugs called immunotherapy. The drug targets the programmed cell death 1 (or PD-1) receptor and allows the body's own immune system go after the cancer cells. Merck, the maker of Keytruda, just finished a new trial on the drug, for patients who haven't yet been treated for advanced non-small cell lung cancer. The results are published in the New England Journal of Medicine, and were presented at the European Society for Medical Oncology conference. About a third of all these patients with non-small cell lung cancer have cells that express at least 50% of this PD-L1 protein (which relates to the PD-1 receptor the drug is targeting).  The 305 patients who took part in the trial were either assigned Keytruda or platinum-based chemotherapy. Progression-free survival — a clinical endpoint that basically means the cancer hasn't grown — was a median of 10.3 months in those who received Keytruda, while those in the chemotherapy group had a median progression-free survival of 6 months. The overall survival rate at six months for those on Keytruda was 80.2%, while it was 72% for chemotherapy. "All these data taken together really represent a sea change in the treatment of the lung cancer patient," Merck's senior vice president of clinical development, Roy Baynes told Business Insider, referring to this trial, as well as another that looked at what happens when chemotherapy is combined with immunotherapy. This is the first randomized controlled trial to show that immunotherapy is better than standard chemotherapy as a first treatment for people with this type of lung cancer, he said. Steep competition Keytruda isn't the only PD-1 drug trying to prove it works for this group of lung cancer patients. In August, Bristol-Myers Squibb, a company with a competing drug called Opdivo said its version of the study didn't hit its primary endpoint of progression-free survival in patients with at least 5% PD-L1 expression in tumors (a wider net than what Merck's was looking at). Bristol-Myers also presented data at the ESMO conference and fell short of expectations that it would at least do well in patients with high levels of PD-L1 protein. The company's stock was down 8% Monday morning, while Merck was up 2%.  Both Opdivo (nivolumab) and Keytruda (pembrolizumab) are approved for a seemingly ever-growing list of cancer types. And they're not cheap. Opdivo brought in $840 million in second-quarter sales alone, while Keytruda  made $314 million over the same time period. "It might well be that Keytruda monotherapy in high PDL1 expressers remains the go-to regimen, representing a high bar for combination therapy to cross," Bernstein analyst Tim Anderson said in a note Friday, before the full data was released. But, although there is a lot of excitement over new immunotherapies like these two, there's still a lot that needs to be figured out about how these treatments work and who will respond to them.  "Immunotherapy with checkpoint inhibitors will displace chemotherapy in yet another subset of patients with lung cancer," Dr. Bruce Johnson of the Dana-Farber Cancer Institute wrote in an editorial published Sunday in NEJM. "We await the results of long-term follow-up of large cohorts of patients who were treated with another checkpoint inhibitor, nivolumab, to see whether the initial survival data advantage in the population translates to survival of 20% or greater at 3 years and beyond." SEE ALSO: We’re still using the 'Model T' of antibiotics — here’s why that’s a problem DON'T MISS: The 10 most expensive drugs in the US NOW WATCH: 5 childhood events that have a great impact on who you are Loading video... More: BMS Merck Immunotherapy Cancer ESMO facebook linkedin twitter email print × Recommended For You Powered by Sailthru A new kind of drug is working better than chemotherapy in some lung cancer patients A new kind of drug is working better than chemotherapy in some lung cancer patients For people with advanced forms of lung cancer... Recommended For You Featured As healthcare costs rise and patients demand better care, hospitals turn to new technologies More "Digital Industry Insider" » Brothers share what it was like quitting their corporate jobs to sell ties on the beach and cofound Vineyard Vines, a company worth nearly $1 billion More "Transformations" » Get Science Emails & Alerts Sign-Up Learn More » Science Select More Featured Business Insider Select Tech Select Tech Chart Of The Day Markets Chart Of The Day 10 Things Before the Opening Bell Instant MBA Business Insider Events BI Intelligence Daily Digital Industry Insider Finance Markets Select Your Money Select Smart Investor Finance Insider Strategy Strategy Select Advertising Select Retail Select Careers Select 10 Things You Need To Know In Advertising Politics Politics Select Military Select Life Life Select Education Select Entertainment Select Breaking News Tech Enterprise Select Science Select Mobile Chart Of The Day E-Commerce Chart Of The Day Payments Chart Of The Day Digital Media Chart Of The Day IoT Chart of the Day Fintech Briefing Charts of the Day Sports Chart Of The Day Top 10 Things 10 Things In Tech You Need To Know Closing Bell Sports Sports Letter to My Younger Self Soccer star Alex Morgan on her family: 'All that you will achieve, you will owe to them.' Check out the letter from the Olympic gold-medal winner to her 7-year-old self >> Read Business Insider On The Go Available on iOS or Android Find A Job Tech Jobs C-Level Jobs Media Jobs Design Jobs Finance Jobs Sales Jobs See All Jobs » Thanks to our partners Follow us on: Also check out: * Copyright © 2016 Business Insider Inc. All rights reserved. Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy. Disclaimer Commerce Policy Made in NYC Stock quotes by finanzen.net International Editions: UK DE AUS ID IN MY SG PL SE NL FR
Contact Us Journalists Blog Log In Sign Up Send a Release News Solutions Resources Search News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News dansk Deutsch español Français italiano Nederlands norsk português suomeksi svenska Schistosomiasis Control Initiative and Pediatric Praziquantel Consortium Join Forces in the Fight Against Schistosomiasis News provided by Lygature Oct 12, 2016, 05:01 ET Share this article UTRECHT, Netherlands, October 12, 2016 /PRNewswire/ -- Goal is to Make a Child-friendly Treatment for Schistosomiasis Accessible to Children Under Six Years of age in Endemic Countries UK-based Schistosomiasis Control Initiative (SCI), part of Imperial College London, is reinforcing the international non-profit Pediatric Praziquantel Consortium. The aim of the Consortium is to develop, register and make available a new child-friendly praziquantel formulation for the more than 25 million preschool-age children suffering from schistosomiasis, a parasitic disease endemic in most of Sub-Saharan Africa. This age group currently lacks a suitable treatment. SCI, with their extensive expertise in working with Ministries of Health across sub-Saharan Africa for the control and potential elimination of schistosomiasis, will support the Consortium in preparing and implementing the Access and Delivery plan of the new pediatric formulation in endemic countries. Dr Elly Kourany Lefoll, Program Lead of the pediatric praziquantel development program and Head of Drug Development Neglected Tropical Diseases (NTDs) at Merck KGaA, Darmstadt, Germany, comments: "We are very pleased that SCI joins our Consortium. Over the last four years, we've made important progresses across the pediatric praziquantel development program, with a phase II clinical trial currently being conducted in Ivory Coast. This means that we are now testing the new formulation in schistosome-infected pre-school age children to identify the optimal dose." If not treated properly, schistosomiasis results in high morbidity, including anemia, stunted growth and reduced learning ability. In some cases, the disease can even be fatal. "As we are advancing in our development program," Dr Kourany-Lefoll continues, "we have started to develop a plan to make the child- friendly praziquantel formulation accessible to children under six years of age in endemic countries. We are reaching out to access experts, and other key stakeholders, such as the World Health Organization (WHO) and governmental representatives from Sub-Saharan African countries to gain their input and support. SCI will play a crucial role in this endeavor." For SCI this partnership opens up different opportunities. SCI's goal is to reduce the global disease burden of NTDs, including schistosomiasis, in sub-Saharan Africa by 2030 in accordance with the United Nations Sustainable Development Goals. Professor Fenwick, SCI's founder and director, says, "We have been in contact with the Consortium for many years, and we look forward to this collaboration. We see the pediatric praziquantel formulation as a breakthrough in the battle against schistosomiasis in infected young children, a group lacking suitable treatment until now." He adds, "Apart from creating awareness, changing perceptions and fostering global support for NTD Programmes, at SCI, we also put great emphasis on ensuring universal access to effective treatment for everyone who suffers from NTDs." The know-how of SCI in deploying preventative and therapeutic tools and strategies to eliminate NTDs complements the existing scientific and regulatory expertise provided by the other six partners of the Consortium. Moreover, SCI has a broad network among policy makers such as the WHO, Ministries of Health, academic institutions, funders and other stakeholders which are key players in the implementation of an effective awareness and sensitization campaign in the coming years. Schistosomiasis (also known as bilharzia) is one of the most prevalent parasitic diseases in Africa and a very important one in terms of public health burden and economic impact. It is a poverty-related disease that leads to chronic illness. The threat posed by schistosomiasis is substantial, with 78 affected countries, 700 million people at risk and an estimated 258 million people infected. More than 90% of patients live in Africa, where the disease affects a large proportion of children under the age of 14. About the Pediatric Praziquantel Consortium  The Pediatric Praziquantel Consortium is an international not-for-profit partnership that aims to reduce the global disease burden of schistosomiasis by addressing the medical need of infected preschool-age children. Its mission is to develop, register and provide access to a suitable pediatric praziquantel formulation for treating schistosomiasis in this age group. The pediatric formulation under investigation has been designed to be smaller, exhibit an improved palatability and be orally dispersible compared to the current commercial formulation. The Consortium was established in July 2012 by Merck KGaA, Darmstadt, Germany (Merck KGaA), Astellas Pharma Inc. (Astellas), Swiss Tropical and Public Health Institute (Swiss TPH) and Lygature (formerly TI Pharma). At the beginning of 2014, Farmanguinhos and Simcyp, a Certara company, joined the Consortium as full partners. The Schistosomiasis Control Initiative (SCI), part of Imperial College London, joined in 2016. Merck KGaA, Darmstadt, Germany leads the program and brings expertise and support related to praziquantel, including resources from different areas (drug product manufacturing, pre-clinical, clinical, regulatory) needed for clinical development and to efficiently execute the project. Astellas contributes by providing its innovative pharmaceutical technologies in the area of pediatric drug formulation development as well as clinical development in children. Swiss TPH brings extensive experience in helminths biological and pharmacological research, epidemiology and clinical research in endemic regions. The governance is facilitated by Lygature, a Dutch non-profit organization and independent party with an extensive portfolio of international public-private partnerships in drug research and development, including in the area of neglected diseases. Farmanguinhos, the federal governmental pharmaceutical laboratory of the Fiocruz Foundation in Brazil, brings unique expertise to produce and distribute the new pediatric formulations product in endemic countries. Simcyp, a Certara company, brings expertise in pharmacokinetic modelling for better predicting the appropriate dosage for use in the pediatric clinical trials. SCI, part of Imperial College London, provides the necessary expertise to define and execute the access strategy and plan as well as to initiate and implement NTD control and elimination programs in Sub-Saharan Africa. For more information, please visit http://www.pediatricpraziquantelconsortium.org About Astellas  Astellas Pharma Inc., based in Tokyo, Japan, is a company dedicated to improving the health of people around the world through the provision of innovative and reliable pharmaceutical products. We focus on Urology, Oncology, Immunology, Nephrology and Neuroscience as prioritized therapeutic areas while advancing new therapeutic areas and discovery research leveraging new technologies/modalities. We are also creating new value by combining internal capabilities and external expertise in the medical/healthcare business. Astellas is on the forefront of healthcare change to turn innovative science into value for patients. For more information, please visit our website at http://www.astellas.com/en About Merck KGaA, Darmstadt, Germany  Merck KGaA, Darmstadt, Germany is a leading science and technology company in healthcare, life science and performance materials. Around 50,000 employees work to further develop technologies that improve and enhance life - from biopharmaceutical therapies to treat cancer or multiple sclerosis, cutting-edge systems for scientific research and production, to liquid crystals for smartphones and LCD televisions. In 2015, Merck KGaA, Darmstadt, Germany generated sales of € 12.85 billion in 66 countries. Founded in 1668, Merck KGaA, Darmstadt, Germany is the world's oldest pharmaceutical and chemical company. The founding family remains the majority owner of the publicly listed corporate group. Merck KGaA, Darmstadt, Germany holds the global rights to the Merck name and brand. The only exceptions are the United States and Canada, where the company operates as EMD Serono, MilliporeSigma and EMD Performance Materials. For more information, please visit http://www.merckgroup.com About Swiss TPH  The Swiss Tropical and Public Health Institute (Swiss TPH) is a leading institution in the field of global health. Its mandate is to contribute to improving the health of populations through excellence in research, health services and education & training. Swiss TPH focusses on key areas of activity in infectious and neglected diseases such as malaria or schistosomiasis, environmental risk factors, health system strengthening and epidemiology. Swiss TPH is associated institute of the University of Basel. Currently over 700 staff members from 62 nations are organized in two research, three service and one educational department. For more information, please visit http://www.swisstph.ch About Farmanguinhos  Farmanguinhos is a technical-scientific unit of the Oswaldo Cruz Foundation. Bearing in mind the mission of "Acting with environmental responsibility in promoting public health through the production of medicines, research, technological development and general diffusion of knowledge", this unit is the largest public pharmaceutical company under the Brazil's Ministry of Health and are produced medicines for the treatment of diabetes, hypertension, malaria, AIDS, tuberculosis, among others. Farmanguinhos also has an important role in meeting emergency demands of the Ministry of Health. For more information, please visit www2.far.fiocruz.br/farmanguinhos/ About Simcyp and Certara  Certara is a leading decision support technology and consulting organization committed to optimizing drug development and improving health outcomes. Certara's solutions, which span drug discovery through patient care, use the most scientifically-advanced modelling and simulation technologies and regulatory strategies to increase the probability of regulatory and commercial success. Its clients include hundreds of global biopharmaceutical companies, leading academic institutions, and key regulatory agencies. For more information, visit http://www.certara.com About Schistosomiasis Control Initiative (SCI)  SCI works with governments to deliver effective school-based and community-based distributions of deworming tablets for schistosomiasis and soil-transmitted helminths, protecting children from these debilitating diseases and improving school attendance, all at a cost of US$0.50 of less per child. For more information, visit http://www.imperial.ac.uk/schistosomiasis-control-initiative About Lygature  Lygature drives the development of new medical solutions for patients by managing public-private partnerships that bring together academia, industry and society. Every day we pioneer solutions in the areas of medical technology and pharmacotherapy to serve patients worldwide. Lygature is a not-for-profit organization based in the Netherlands. We build upon the legacy of the Center for Translational Molecular Medicine (CTMM) and Top Institute Pharma (TI Pharma). For more information, visit http://www.lygature.org Contact: Leonie Hussaarts Phone: +31-6-554-63-876 E-mail: leonie.hussaarts@lygature.org SOURCE Lygature My News Release contains wide tables. View fullscreen. You just read: Schistosomiasis Control Initiative and Pediatric Praziquantel Consortium Join Forces in the Fight Against Schistosomiasis News provided by Lygature Oct 12, 2016, 05:01 ET Share this article Looking to send a news release with PR Newswire? Take advantage of the world's leading distribution platform. Sign up to get started Request more information Have an account? Log In Phone 8AM - 10PM ET +1-888-776-0942 Send a Release Sign Up Blog For Journalists Contact Us Search Searching for your content... Advanced Search Contact 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Chat Online with an Expert Contact Us Solutions Cision Communication Cloud™ For Marketers For Public Relations For IR & Compliance For Agency For Small Business All Products About About PR Newswire About Cision Become a Publishing Partner Become a Channel Partner Careers   Global Sites Asia Brazil Canada Europe Finland France India Israel Mexico Middle East Netherlands Sweden United Kingdom My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Terms of Use Privacy Policy Information Security Policy Statement Site Map RSS Feeds Copyright © 2016 PR Newswire Association LLC. All Rights Reserved. A Cision company. News Solutions Resources News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News dansk Deutsch español Français italiano Nederlands norsk português suomeksi svenska Phone +1-888-776-0942 8AM - 10PM ET Chat Chat Online with an Expert All contact info Send a ReleaseLog In
Home Auto Gadgets Hardware Internet IT Science Software Blogs Polls Submit News Science Keytruda: A breakthrough treatment to increase survival rates for lung cancer patients Monique Bethell - October 12, 2016 5:00 AM Print Recipient E-mail Sender E-mail Lungs  (Source: Medscape.com) A novel immunotherapy offers a unique breakthrough toward the successful treatment for lung cancer patients. This weekend, Merck announced the results of two major studies showing Keytruda’s superior ability to slow the progression of advanced lung cancer and reduce risk of death by fifty percent (50%) at the annual meeting of the European Society for Medical Oncology (ESMO). Lung cancer is the leading cause of cancer deaths worldwide. Chemotherapy is currently the standard of treatment in most patients with non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC), which makes up about 80% of all cases of lung cancer. The problem is the survival rates remain low and the side effects are high. Study results announced at the ESMO and also published in the October 9th edition of The New England Journal of Medicine suggests that Merck’s Keytruda treatment can offer a “meaningful improvement” over standard chemotherapy treatments.     Based upon the results observed from two major clinical studies, KEYTRUDA also known as pembrolizumab, is the only anti-PD-1 to demonstrate superior progression-free survival (PFS) and overall survival (OS) compared to chemotherapy for the first-line treatment of both squamous and non-squamous NSCLC in patients whose tumors express high levels of PD-L1 and whose tumors have not mutated or spread to other parts of the body.     Results of KEYNOTE-24, a clinical trial which studied Keytruda as a single therapy, compared to those who were treated with chemotherapy showed that it reduced the risk of disease progression by 50% and reduced the risk of death by 40%. Patients taking Keytruda also saw a 45% shrinkage of tumors compared to only 28% of patients on chemotherapy.   Another study, KEYNOTE-21 was conducted by researchers at the Hospital at the University of Pennsylvania, found 33 of the 60 patients who received both Keytruda, plus chemotherapy (carboplatin plus pemetrexed), responded to treatment, compared to 18 of 63 patients who received only chemotherapy, according to a statement from the company. Patients on combination therapy had an average progression-free survival of 12 months, compared to 8.9 months with the standard of care. The risk of disease progression or death was reduced by 47 percent.  Patients also had a longer period of time before their tumors started growing again.   How does it work?   Keytruda works by increasing the ability of the body’s immune system to help detect and fight cancer cells.  It blocks the PD-1 pathway and prevents the cancer cells from remaining hidden from the body’s natural immune defense system.   Photo Source:  Keytruda.com   Currently, Keytruda is approved as a second line of therapy for NSCLC patients who have tried chemotherapy and haven’t been successful. According to Bloomberg, Matthew Hellman, an oncologist specializing in lung cancer from Memorial Sloan Kettering Cancer Center in New York, notes that the combination of Keytruda with chemotherapy is “a welcome addition to the field”, although more testing with larger sample sizes is needed in order to draw stronger conclusions.       The FDA also approved Keytruda for patients with recurrent or metastatic head and neck cancer. The addition of treatment Keytruda for NCSLC presents another major step forward in the advancement for treatment of this disease. According to Merck, this discovery could significantly increase the market share of Keytruda to an even wider population.         "This week I got an iPhone. This weekend I got four chargers so I can keep it charged everywhere I go and a land line so I can actually make phone calls." -- Facebook CEO Mark Zuckerberg Latest Headlines Cell Research Study shows African Americans have greater immune response to infection November 10, 2016, 1:00 AM UTHealth Clinical Trial Shows Progress Using Stem Cells to Treat Traumatic Brain Injury November 8, 2016, 1:00 AM Uber Partners with Circulation to Pilot Program Connecting Transportation and Digital Health Care November 6, 2016, 5:00 AM Disrupted Child Sleep Triggered by Mobile Devices at Bedtime November 3, 2016, 4:45 AM Medical Attention Beyond the Hospital: Innovative medical technology provides remote monitoring of patient vital signs October 31, 2016, 1:26 AM Being worked to death? Study says high stress job and low job control can kill you October 28, 2016, 4:44 AM More Headlines Most Popular ArticlesUltimate GPUs - 3 Under $300.00 November 7, 2016, 1:00 AM No More Big Solar Panels Over The Roof Again Thanks to New Technology November 5, 2016, 5:00 AM UTHealth Clinical Trial Shows Progress Using Stem Cells to Treat Traumatic Brain Injury November 8, 2016, 1:00 AM Black Friday is Ahead. What do You Have in Mind? November 7, 2016, 1:00 AM Uber Partners with Circulation to Pilot Program Connecting Transportation and Digital Health Care November 6, 2016, 5:00 AM Latest Blog Posts Google’s Pixel, Pixel XL smartphones have a Bug Saimin Nidarson - Nov 13, 2016, 1:00 AM Uber Latest Announcement Saimin Nidarson - Nov 12, 2016, 1:00 AM No More Free Lunch Saimin Nidarson - Nov 11, 2016, 1:00 AM Are you tried of Google tracking you? Saimin Nidarson - Nov 10, 2016, 2:34 AM Antibody May Promise Zika Vaccine Saimin Nidarson - Nov 8, 2016, 1:00 AM Samsung is Back in the News Again Saimin Nidarson - Nov 7, 2016, 1:00 AM What are the benefits of a solar panel roofing system and how it works? Saimin Nidarson - Nov 6, 2016, 6:00 AM PolyMet Wants Build Copper Mine Saimin Nidarson - Nov 5, 2016, 5:00 AM Paying Your Metro Transit Fare Got Easier Saimin Nidarson - Nov 4, 2016, 5:15 AM Xiaomi Launched Mi Air Purifier Pro in China Saimin Nidarson - Nov 3, 2016, 4:31 AM A Car Mechanic Repaired a Helicopter Saimin Nidarson - Nov 2, 2016, 2:00 AM Wells Fargo after damaging its reputation and taking over the customer’s accounts wants to be trusted again!!! Saimin Nidarson - Nov 1, 2016, 9:46 AM World News, Ceta Signing was Cancelled: Saimin Nidarson - Oct 31, 2016, 1:45 AM What Would You Do for A Free iPhone7? Elroy Bethell - Oct 30, 2016, 1:00 AM Airline Flight Catches Fire Saimin Nidarson - Oct 29, 2016, 1:17 AM From Time to Time, The Unbelievable and Unimaginable Happens!!!! Saimin Nidarson - Oct 28, 2016, 4:56 AM Key EpiPen Competitor Out in 2017 At ' Very Low' Cost Saimin Nidarson - Oct 27, 2016, 5:30 AM Researchers use CRISPR to Accelerate Search for HIV Cure Saimin Nidarson - Oct 26, 2016, 5:00 AM Medical Council of India Makes Generic Medicines Mandatory Saimin Nidarson - Oct 25, 2016, 5:00 AM More Blog Posts Copyright 2016 DailyTech LLC. - RSS Feed | Advertise | About Us | Ethics | FAQ | Terms, Conditions & Privacy Information | Kristopher Kubicki
Montag, 14.11.2016 Börsentäglich über 12.000 News von 549 internationalen Medien Indizes Kurs % News 24 h / 7 T Aufrufe 7 Tage Aktien Kurs % News 24 h / 7 T Aufrufe 7 Tage Xetra-Orderbuch Devisen Kurs % Rohstoffe Kurs % Passende Knock-Outs zu Ihrer Suchanfrage (Anzeige) Erweiterte Suche Ad hoc-Mitteilungen Startseite Nachrichten Aktienkurse Fonds Anleihen Derivate Rohstoffe Devisen Watchlist Aufklappen Schliessen Nachrichten»Schistosomiasis Control Initiative and Pediatric Praziquantel Consortium Join Forces in the Fight Against Schistosomiasis 12.10.2016 | 11:04 (3 Leser) Schrift ändern: (0 Bewertungen) PR Newswire·Mehr Nachrichten von PR Newswire Schistosomiasis Control Initiative and Pediatric Praziquantel Consortium Join Forces in the Fight Against Schistosomiasis UTRECHT, Netherlands, October 12, 2016 /PRNewswire/ -- Goal is to Make a Child-friendly Treatment for Schistosomiasis Accessible to Children Under Six Years of age in Endemic Countries UK-based Schistosomiasis Control Initiative (SCI), part of Imperial College London, is reinforcing the international non-profit Pediatric Praziquantel Consortium. The aim of the Consortium is to develop, register and make available a new child-friendly praziquantel formulation for the more than 25 million preschool-age children suffering from schistosomiasis, a parasitic disease endemic in most of Sub-Saharan Africa. This age group currently lacks a suitable treatment. SCI, with their extensive expertise in working with Ministries of Health across sub-Saharan Africa for the control and potential elimination of schistosomiasis, will support the Consortium in preparing and implementing the Access and Delivery plan of the new pediatric formulation in endemic countries. Dr Elly Kourany Lefoll, Program Lead of the pediatric praziquantel development program and Head of Drug Development Neglected Tropical Diseases (NTDs) at Merck KGaA, Darmstadt, Germany, comments: "We are very pleased that SCI joins our Consortium. Over the last four years, we've made important progresses across the pediatric praziquantel development program, with a phase II clinical trial currently being conducted in Ivory Coast. This means that we are now testing the new formulation in schistosome-infected pre-school age children to identify the optimal dose." If not treated properly, schistosomiasis results in high morbidity, including anemia, stunted growth and reduced learning ability. In some cases, the disease can even be fatal. "As we are advancing in our development program," Dr Kourany-Lefoll continues, "we have started to develop a plan to make the child- friendly praziquantel formulation accessible to children under six years of age in endemic countries. We are reaching out to access experts, and other key stakeholders, such as the World Health Organization (WHO) and governmental representatives from Sub-Saharan African countries to gain their input and support. SCI will play a crucial role in this endeavor." For SCI this partnership opens up different opportunities. SCI's goal is to reduce the global disease burden of NTDs, including schistosomiasis, in sub-Saharan Africa by 2030 in accordance with the United Nations Sustainable Development Goals. Professor Fenwick, SCI's founder and director, says, "We have been in contact with the Consortium for many years, and we look forward to this collaboration. We see the pediatric praziquantel formulation as a breakthrough in the battle against schistosomiasis in infected young children, a group lacking suitable treatment until now." He adds, "Apart from creating awareness, changing perceptions and fostering global support for NTD Programmes, at SCI, we also put great emphasis on ensuring universal access to effective treatment for everyone who suffers from NTDs." The know-how of SCI in deploying preventative and therapeutic tools and strategies to eliminate NTDs complements the existing scientific and regulatory expertise provided by the other six partners of the Consortium. Moreover, SCI has a broad network among policy makers such as the WHO, Ministries of Health, academic institutions, funders and other stakeholders which are key players in the implementation of an effective awareness and sensitization campaign in the coming years. Schistosomiasis (also known as bilharzia) is one of the most prevalent parasitic diseases in Africa and a very important one in terms of public health burden and economic impact. It is a poverty-related disease that leads to chronic illness. The threat posed by schistosomiasis is substantial, with 78 affected countries, 700 million people at risk and an estimated 258 million people infected. More than 90% of patients live in Africa, where the disease affects a large proportion of children under the age of 14. About the Pediatric Praziquantel Consortium The Pediatric Praziquantel Consortium is an international not-for-profit partnership that aims to reduce the global disease burden of schistosomiasis by addressing the medical need of infected preschool-age children. Its mission is to develop, register and provide access to a suitable pediatric praziquantel formulation for treating schistosomiasis in this age group. The pediatric formulation under investigation has been designed to be smaller, exhibit an improved palatability and be orally dispersible compared to the current commercial formulation. The Consortium was established in July 2012 by Merck KGaA, Darmstadt, Germany (Merck KGaA), Astellas Pharma Inc. (Astellas), Swiss Tropical and Public Health Institute (Swiss TPH) and Lygature (formerly TI Pharma). At the beginning of 2014, Farmanguinhos and Simcyp, a Certara company, joined the Consortium as full partners. The Schistosomiasis Control Initiative (SCI), part of Imperial College London, joined in 2016. Merck KGaA, Darmstadt, Germany leads the program and brings expertise and support related to praziquantel, including resources from different areas (drug product manufacturing, pre-clinical, clinical, regulatory) needed for clinical development and to efficiently execute the project. Astellas contributes by providing its innovative pharmaceutical technologies in the area of pediatric drug formulation development as well as clinical development in children. Swiss TPH brings extensive experience in helminths biological and pharmacological research, epidemiology and clinical research in endemic regions. The governance is facilitated by Lygature, a Dutch non-profit organization and independent party with an extensive portfolio of international public-private partnerships in drug research and development, including in the area of neglected diseases. Farmanguinhos, the federal governmental pharmaceutical laboratory of the Fiocruz Foundation in Brazil, brings unique expertise to produce and distribute the new pediatric formulations product in endemic countries. Simcyp, a Certara company, brings expertise in pharmacokinetic modelling for better predicting the appropriate dosage for use in the pediatric clinical trials. SCI, part of Imperial College London, provides the necessary expertise to define and execute the access strategy and plan as well as to initiate and implement NTD control and elimination programs in Sub-Saharan Africa. For more information, please visit http://www.pediatricpraziquantelconsortium.org About Astellas Astellas Pharma Inc., based in Tokyo, Japan, is a company dedicated to improving the health of people around the world through the provision of innovative and reliable pharmaceutical products. We focus on Urology, Oncology, Immunology, Nephrology and Neuroscience as prioritized therapeutic areas while advancing new therapeutic areas and discovery research leveraging new technologies/modalities. We are also creating new value by combining internal capabilities and external expertise in the medical/healthcare business. Astellas is on the forefront of healthcare change to turn innovative science into value for patients. For more information, please visit our website at http://www.astellas.com/en About Merck KGaA, Darmstadt, Germany Merck KGaA, Darmstadt, Germany is a leading science and technology company in healthcare, life science and performance materials. Around 50,000 employees work to further develop technologies that improve and enhance life - from biopharmaceutical therapies to treat cancer or multiple sclerosis, cutting-edge systems for scientific research and production, to liquid crystals for smartphones and LCD televisions. In 2015, Merck KGaA, Darmstadt, Germany generated sales of € 12.85 billion in 66 countries. Founded in 1668, Merck KGaA, Darmstadt, Germany is the world's oldest pharmaceutical and chemical company. The founding family remains the majority owner of the publicly listed corporate group. Merck KGaA, Darmstadt, Germany holds the global rights to the Merck name and brand. The only exceptions are the United States and Canada, where the company operates as EMD Serono, MilliporeSigma and EMD Performance Materials. For more information, please visit http://www.merckgroup.com About Swiss TPH The Swiss Tropical and Public Health Institute (Swiss TPH) is a leading institution in the field of global health. Its mandate is to contribute to improving the health of populations through excellence in research, health services and education & training. Swiss TPH focusses on key areas of activity in infectious and neglected diseases such as malaria or schistosomiasis, environmental risk factors, health system strengthening and epidemiology. Swiss TPH is associated institute of the University of Basel. Currently over 700 staff members from 62 nations are organized in two research, three service and one educational department. For more information, please visit http://www.swisstph.ch About Farmanguinhos Farmanguinhos is a technical-scientific unit of the Oswaldo Cruz Foundation. Bearing in mind the mission of "Acting with environmental responsibility in promoting public health through the production of medicines, research, technological development and general diffusion of knowledge", this unit is the largest public pharmaceutical company under the Brazil's Ministry of Health and are produced medicines for the treatment of diabetes, hypertension, malaria, AIDS, tuberculosis, among others. Farmanguinhos also has an important role in meeting emergency demands of the Ministry of Health. For more information, please visit www2.far.fiocruz.br/farmanguinhos/ About Simcyp and Certara Certara is a leading decision support technology and consulting organization committed to optimizing drug development and improving health outcomes. Certara's solutions, which span drug discovery through patient care, use the most scientifically-advanced modelling and simulation technologies and regulatory strategies to increase the probability of regulatory and commercial success. Its clients include hundreds of global biopharmaceutical companies, leading academic institutions, and key regulatory agencies. For more information, visit http://www.certara.com About Schistosomiasis Control Initiative (SCI) SCI works with governments to deliver effective school-based and community-based distributions of deworming tablets for schistosomiasis and soil-transmitted helminths, protecting children from these debilitating diseases and improving school attendance, all at a cost of US$0.50 of less per child. For more information, visit http://www.imperial.ac.uk/schistosomiasis-control-initiative About Lygature Lygature drives the development of new medical solutions for patients by managing public-private partnerships that bring together academia, industry and society. Every day we pioneer solutions in the areas of medical technology and pharmacotherapy to serve patients worldwide. Lygature is a not-for-profit organization based in the Netherlands. We build upon the legacy of the Center for Translational Molecular Medicine (CTMM) and Top Institute Pharma (TI Pharma). For more information, visit http://www.lygature.org Contact: Leonie Hussaarts Phone: +31-6-554-63-876 E-mail: leonie.hussaarts@lygature.org © 2016 PR Newswire Sie erhalten auf FinanzNachrichten.de kostenlose Realtime-Aktienkurse von  und  mit der Push-Technologie von   Wie bewerten Sie die aktuell angezeigte Seite?sehr gut123456schlechtProblem melden Google+ Seite Nachrichten • Aktienkurse • DAX • Xetra-Orderbuch • Watchlist Ad hoc-Mitteilungen • Nachrichten Börsen • Aktien-Empfehlungen Branchen • Medien • Nachrichten-Archiv Impressum | AGB | Disclaimer • Presse • Mediadaten RSS-News von FinanzNachrichten.de kostenlos für Ihren Browser und Ihre Homepage
Regulatory News Search Search Products & Services    News Releases Close Send a release Become a client For journalists Global sites Asia Brazil Canada Finland France India Israel Mexico Netherlands Sweden United States See more news releases in Health Care & Hospitals | Medical Pharmaceuticals | Pharmaceuticals | Not For Profit Schistosomiasis Control Initiative and Pediatric Praziquantel Consortium Join Forces in the Fight Against Schistosomiasis UTRECHT, Netherlands, October 12, 2016 /PRNewswire/ -- Goal is to Make a Child-friendly Treatment for Schistosomiasis Accessible to Children Under Six Years of age in Endemic Countries UK-based Schistosomiasis Control Initiative (SCI), part of Imperial College London, is reinforcing the international non-profit Pediatric Praziquantel Consortium. The aim of the Consortium is to develop, register and make available a new child-friendly praziquantel formulation for the more than 25 million preschool-age children suffering from schistosomiasis, a parasitic disease endemic in most of Sub-Saharan Africa. This age group currently lacks a suitable treatment. SCI, with their extensive expertise in working with Ministries of Health across sub-Saharan Africa for the control and potential elimination of schistosomiasis, will support the Consortium in preparing and implementing the Access and Delivery plan of the new pediatric formulation in endemic countries. Dr Elly Kourany Lefoll, Program Lead of the pediatric praziquantel development program and Head of Drug Development Neglected Tropical Diseases (NTDs) at Merck KGaA, Darmstadt, Germany, comments: "We are very pleased that SCI joins our Consortium. Over the last four years, we've made important progresses across the pediatric praziquantel development program, with a phase II clinical trial currently being conducted in Ivory Coast. This means that we are now testing the new formulation in schistosome-infected pre-school age children to identify the optimal dose." If not treated properly, schistosomiasis results in high morbidity, including anemia, stunted growth and reduced learning ability. In some cases, the disease can even be fatal. "As we are advancing in our development program," Dr Kourany-Lefoll continues, "we have started to develop a plan to make the child- friendly praziquantel formulation accessible to children under six years of age in endemic countries. We are reaching out to access experts, and other key stakeholders, such as the World Health Organization (WHO) and governmental representatives from Sub-Saharan African countries to gain their input and support. SCI will play a crucial role in this endeavor." For SCI this partnership opens up different opportunities. SCI's goal is to reduce the global disease burden of NTDs, including schistosomiasis, in sub-Saharan Africa by 2030 in accordance with the United Nations Sustainable Development Goals. Professor Fenwick, SCI's founder and director, says, "We have been in contact with the Consortium for many years, and we look forward to this collaboration. We see the pediatric praziquantel formulation as a breakthrough in the battle against schistosomiasis in infected young children, a group lacking suitable treatment until now." He adds, "Apart from creating awareness, changing perceptions and fostering global support for NTD Programmes, at SCI, we also put great emphasis on ensuring universal access to effective treatment for everyone who suffers from NTDs." The know-how of SCI in deploying preventative and therapeutic tools and strategies to eliminate NTDs complements the existing scientific and regulatory expertise provided by the other six partners of the Consortium. Moreover, SCI has a broad network among policy makers such as the WHO, Ministries of Health, academic institutions, funders and other stakeholders which are key players in the implementation of an effective awareness and sensitization campaign in the coming years. Schistosomiasis (also known as bilharzia) is one of the most prevalent parasitic diseases in Africa and a very important one in terms of public health burden and economic impact. It is a poverty-related disease that leads to chronic illness. The threat posed by schistosomiasis is substantial, with 78 affected countries, 700 million people at risk and an estimated 258 million people infected. More than 90% of patients live in Africa, where the disease affects a large proportion of children under the age of 14. About the Pediatric Praziquantel Consortium  The Pediatric Praziquantel Consortium is an international not-for-profit partnership that aims to reduce the global disease burden of schistosomiasis by addressing the medical need of infected preschool-age children. Its mission is to develop, register and provide access to a suitable pediatric praziquantel formulation for treating schistosomiasis in this age group. The pediatric formulation under investigation has been designed to be smaller, exhibit an improved palatability and be orally dispersible compared to the current commercial formulation. The Consortium was established in July 2012 by Merck KGaA, Darmstadt, Germany (Merck KGaA), Astellas Pharma Inc. (Astellas), Swiss Tropical and Public Health Institute (Swiss TPH) and Lygature (formerly TI Pharma). At the beginning of 2014, Farmanguinhos and Simcyp, a Certara company, joined the Consortium as full partners. The Schistosomiasis Control Initiative (SCI), part of Imperial College London, joined in 2016. Merck KGaA, Darmstadt, Germany leads the program and brings expertise and support related to praziquantel, including resources from different areas (drug product manufacturing, pre-clinical, clinical, regulatory) needed for clinical development and to efficiently execute the project. Astellas contributes by providing its innovative pharmaceutical technologies in the area of pediatric drug formulation development as well as clinical development in children. Swiss TPH brings extensive experience in helminths biological and pharmacological research, epidemiology and clinical research in endemic regions. The governance is facilitated by Lygature, a Dutch non-profit organization and independent party with an extensive portfolio of international public-private partnerships in drug research and development, including in the area of neglected diseases. Farmanguinhos, the federal governmental pharmaceutical laboratory of the Fiocruz Foundation in Brazil, brings unique expertise to produce and distribute the new pediatric formulations product in endemic countries. Simcyp, a Certara company, brings expertise in pharmacokinetic modelling for better predicting the appropriate dosage for use in the pediatric clinical trials. SCI, part of Imperial College London, provides the necessary expertise to define and execute the access strategy and plan as well as to initiate and implement NTD control and elimination programs in Sub-Saharan Africa. For more information, please visit http://www.pediatricpraziquantelconsortium.org About Astellas  Astellas Pharma Inc., based in Tokyo, Japan, is a company dedicated to improving the health of people around the world through the provision of innovative and reliable pharmaceutical products. We focus on Urology, Oncology, Immunology, Nephrology and Neuroscience as prioritized therapeutic areas while advancing new therapeutic areas and discovery research leveraging new technologies/modalities. We are also creating new value by combining internal capabilities and external expertise in the medical/healthcare business. Astellas is on the forefront of healthcare change to turn innovative science into value for patients. For more information, please visit our website at http://www.astellas.com/en About Merck KGaA, Darmstadt, Germany  Merck KGaA, Darmstadt, Germany is a leading science and technology company in healthcare, life science and performance materials. Around 50,000 employees work to further develop technologies that improve and enhance life - from biopharmaceutical therapies to treat cancer or multiple sclerosis, cutting-edge systems for scientific research and production, to liquid crystals for smartphones and LCD televisions. In 2015, Merck KGaA, Darmstadt, Germany generated sales of € 12.85 billion in 66 countries. Founded in 1668, Merck KGaA, Darmstadt, Germany is the world's oldest pharmaceutical and chemical company. The founding family remains the majority owner of the publicly listed corporate group. Merck KGaA, Darmstadt, Germany holds the global rights to the Merck name and brand. The only exceptions are the United States and Canada, where the company operates as EMD Serono, MilliporeSigma and EMD Performance Materials. For more information, please visit http://www.merckgroup.com About Swiss TPH  The Swiss Tropical and Public Health Institute (Swiss TPH) is a leading institution in the field of global health. Its mandate is to contribute to improving the health of populations through excellence in research, health services and education & training. Swiss TPH focusses on key areas of activity in infectious and neglected diseases such as malaria or schistosomiasis, environmental risk factors, health system strengthening and epidemiology. Swiss TPH is associated institute of the University of Basel. Currently over 700 staff members from 62 nations are organized in two research, three service and one educational department. For more information, please visit http://www.swisstph.ch About Farmanguinhos  Farmanguinhos is a technical-scientific unit of the Oswaldo Cruz Foundation. Bearing in mind the mission of "Acting with environmental responsibility in promoting public health through the production of medicines, research, technological development and general diffusion of knowledge", this unit is the largest public pharmaceutical company under the Brazil's Ministry of Health and are produced medicines for the treatment of diabetes, hypertension, malaria, AIDS, tuberculosis, among others. Farmanguinhos also has an important role in meeting emergency demands of the Ministry of Health. For more information, please visit www2.far.fiocruz.br/farmanguinhos/ About Simcyp and Certara  Certara is a leading decision support technology and consulting organization committed to optimizing drug development and improving health outcomes. Certara's solutions, which span drug discovery through patient care, use the most scientifically-advanced modelling and simulation technologies and regulatory strategies to increase the probability of regulatory and commercial success. Its clients include hundreds of global biopharmaceutical companies, leading academic institutions, and key regulatory agencies. For more information, visit http://www.certara.com About Schistosomiasis Control Initiative (SCI)  SCI works with governments to deliver effective school-based and community-based distributions of deworming tablets for schistosomiasis and soil-transmitted helminths, protecting children from these debilitating diseases and improving school attendance, all at a cost of US$0.50 of less per child. For more information, visit http://www.imperial.ac.uk/schistosomiasis-control-initiative About Lygature  Lygature drives the development of new medical solutions for patients by managing public-private partnerships that bring together academia, industry and society. Every day we pioneer solutions in the areas of medical technology and pharmacotherapy to serve patients worldwide. Lygature is a not-for-profit organization based in the Netherlands. We build upon the legacy of the Center for Translational Molecular Medicine (CTMM) and Top Institute Pharma (TI Pharma). For more information, visit http://www.lygature.org Contact: Leonie Hussaarts Phone: +31-6-554-63-876 E-mail: leonie.hussaarts@lygature.org SOURCE Lygature Journalists and Bloggers Visit PR Newswire for Journalists for releases, photos and customised feeds just for media. View and download archived video content distributed by MultiVu on The Digital Center. Next in Health Care & Hospitals News   Get content for your website Enhance your website's or blog's content with PR Newswire's customised real-time news feeds. Start today.       Contact PR Newswire Send us an email at MarketingUK@prnewswire.co.uk or call us at +44 (0)20 7454 5382       Become a PR Newswire client Request more information about PR Newswire products & services or call us at +44 (0)20 7454 5382     Products & Services Knowledge Centre Browse News Releases Meet the Media Contact PR Newswire About PR Newswire Contact PR Newswire PR Newswire's Terms of Use Apply Privacy and Cookie Policy Site Map RSS Feeds Blog Copyright © 2016 PR Newswire Association LLC. All Rights Reserved. A Cisioncompany. Powered by Clickability.
null
Xconomy Xperience EXOME National Regions Channels Events Boston Angel Investors → EXOME all the information, none of the junk | biotech • healthcare • life sciences Want EXOME sent to you daily? Meet the Contributors → Checkpoints In Lung Cancer, and Other Oncology News From Europe Ben Fidler October 11th, 2016 @benthefidler @xconomy Like Us Xconomy National —  The European Society for Medical Oncology’s annual conference wraps up in Copenhagen today. We’ve seen updates on heavyweight immunotherapy programs, potential options for patients with advanced breast cancer, and more. Here’s a quick roundup of the major news. LUNG CHECKS ESMO provided more evidence that the treatment of lung cancer is changing fast. Going into the meeting, pembrolizumab (Keytruda) from Merck (NYSE: MRK) had already leapfrogged (NYSE: BMY) nivolumab (Opdivo) from Bristol-Myers Squibb (NYSE: BMY) in the race to make checkpoint inhibitors, a type of cancer immunotherapy already approved for hard-to-treat skin, bladder, lung, and liver cancers, the standard of care for newly diagnosed lung cancer patients. The first news of nivolumab’s Phase 3 failure in these first-line patients came in August and eliminated billions of dollars from Bristol’s market value. Conversely, Merck got a boost. At ESMO this weekend it reported more positive Phase 3 pembrolizumab data, particularly in patients whose tumors express high levels of a protein called PD-L1, while Bristol detailed nivolumab’s poor Phase 3 showing. (Both were compared to chemotherapy.) Evercore ISI analyst John Scotti wrote in a research note that Bristol’s data were “even worse than expected,” widening the gap between the two drugs. Merck’s shares rose 1.6 percent Monday to close at $63.80 apiece, and Bristol’s fell 10.3 percent to $49.72. TheStreet.com has more on the data here. Merck is expected to seek FDA approval of pembrolizumab in newly diagnosed lung cancer patients this year. —Meanwhile, Roche’s Genentech division reported that its checkpoint blocker atezolizumab (Tecentriq) posted positive Phase 3 results in non-small cell lung cancer patients whose disease progressed after at least one round of chemotherapy. The FDA could approve atezolizumab for this group of patients within the next few weeks. The FDA approved atezolizumab earlier this year for a type of bladder cancer. T CELL TIDBITS —Among the three developers of CAR-T cell therapies pushing toward the field’s first approval, Kite Pharma (NASDAQ: KITE) was the sole presenter at ESMO. Santa Monica, CA-based Kite noted that three patients whose non-Hodgkin’s lymphoma was wiped out with Kite’s KTE-C19 remained in remission after 12 months. Kite recently reported that a larger group of NHL patients had a similar response to KTE-C19 after three months. CAR-T treatments use live, modified immune cells to attack a patient’s cancer. —Adaptimmune (NASDAQ: ADAP), which is developing a form of cell therapy called T-cell receptor (TCR) therapy, updated its most advanced clinical program, a treatment for synovial sarcoma, which is a rare cancer that forms in the soft tissues around joints. PARP WALK —ESMO was also the latest forum for data for cancer drugs known as PARP inhibitors. These drugs disable a mechanism that tumor cells use to repair their own DNA. The idea is to keep cancer from bouncing back after chemotherapy. The first PARP blocker to win approval was AstraZeneca’s olaparib (Lynparza), for certain forms of ovarian cancer, in 2014. But more seem poised for a green light. Tesaro (NASDAQ: TSRO), of Waltham, MA, for instance, could win FDA approval of niraparib next year and make an impact on the treatment of ovarian cancer. Right now, surgery is the main option, followed by chemotherapy. But the cancer is stubborn, and there is a big need for “maintenance therapy”— drugs that delay the cancer’s recurrence. Phase 3 data from Tesaro show that adding niraparib to chemotherapy helps delay recurrence compared to chemo alone. Tesaro released top-line data from this trial in June, and investors cheered the better-than-expected results. The company released detailed data at ESMO and published the results in the New England Journal of Medicine. The data solidified Tesaro’s case that nirapirib appears to help a broad group of ovarian cancer patients, not just those with a particular biomarker making them more likely to respond to treatment. (News that the drug might not need a companion diagnostic test from Myriad Genetics (NASDAQ: MYGN) sent the Salt Lake City test maker’s shares down more than 11 percent.) Tesaro expects to file for approval of niraparib next year. Some 20,000 women in the U.S. and Europe each year are eligible for maintenance therapy, according to Tesaro. Shares of the company climbed another 18 percent and closed at $117.90 apiece on Monday. Here’s more from OncLive. —A rival PARP drug, rucaparib from Clovis Oncology (NASDAQ: CLVS), of Boulder, CO, didn’t fare as well this weekend. Clovis touted data from a “pooled” study of two mid-stage trials of rucaparib in ovarian cancer. The results, as Bloomberg noted here, underwhelmed investors, who sent Clovis shares down about 20 percent. Clovis aims to win FDA approval of rucaparib next year, and has recently been the subject of takeover speculation, which has caused shares to climb over the past several months. Pfizer, after all, paid $14 billion for Medivation earlier this year partly for a PARP drug in Phase 3 testing. OTHERS OF NOTE —Novartis revealed in May that its breast cancer drug ribociclib did so well in a 668-patient Phase 3 trial that the study was halted early. Novartis gave more details at ESMO and in the NEJM: Compared to the standard of care letrozole, ricociclib plus letrozole improved by 44 precent first-line patients’ chances to live without their cancer starting to grow again. The drug is meant for hormone dependent (HR+/HER2-) breast cancer and could compete with Pfizer’s palbociclib (Ibrance), which blocks the same cancer proteins, CDK 4 and 6, as ricociclib. Forbes weighed the ricociclib side effects here against the benefits of living longer without a growing tumor. —Alex Lash contributed to this report Ben Fidler is Xconomy's Deputy Biotechnology Editor. You can e-mail him at bfidler@xconomy.com Follow @benthefidler Share on Facebook Share on Twitter LinkedIn Email Reprints More from EXOME ASCO Roundup: Checkpoints, Pushback Against Prices, CAR-T & More Bio Roundup: Bristol & Illumina Blues, Sickle Cell News & More Biotech Roundup: Kadmon Debt, Hemo Data, Loose Lips & More Trending on Xconomy Cord Cutting: How to Get High-Speed Internet Service Without Cable Texas Innovators in Health, Space, Energy, A.I. & More: The Disruptors Photos Forecast Update: CA’s Prop. 61 Now A Toss-Up, New Poll Shows X Xconomy’s EXOME Presents: State of the Biotech Union National health initiatives, the intersection of Big Data and healthcare, the looming presence of genetic modification, and our national response to infectious disease December 6, 2016 Register today! Underwriters and Partners From Our Advertisers Is commercial clinical research worth it for sites? The urgent issues with clinical trial & study site partnerships KNect365 Life Sciences The Fractured State of Sales Enablement & Training OnDemand Webinar Allego How Wisconsin is cultivating startup success New report highlights entrepreneurial programs available statewide Wisconsin Economic Development Corporation The Feed Tweets from https://twitter.com/Xconomy/lists/lifesci Home Privacy/DMCA Security Disclosures About Contact Us Archives Advertise Subscribe for Free Business, life sciences, and technology news — covering Boston, Seattle, San Diego, Detroit/Ann Arbor, San Francisco, New York, Raleigh-Durham, Boulder/Denver, Texas, Wisconsin, Indiana, and beyond. © 2007-2016, Xconomy, Inc. Xconomy is a registered service mark of Xconomy, Inc. All rights reserved. Website development support from Andrew Koyfman with design support from Rob Hunter.
Montag, 14.11.2016 Börsentäglich über 12.000 News von 549 internationalen Medien Indizes Kurs % News 24 h / 7 T Aufrufe 7 Tage Aktien Kurs % News 24 h / 7 T Aufrufe 7 Tage Xetra-Orderbuch Devisen Kurs % Rohstoffe Kurs % Passende Knock-Outs zu Ihrer Suchanfrage (Anzeige) Erweiterte Suche Ad hoc-Mitteilungen Startseite Nachrichten Aktienkurse Fonds Anleihen Derivate Rohstoffe Devisen Watchlist Aufklappen Schliessen Aktien»Nachrichten»PFIZER AKTIE»Transgene Announces Collaboration with Merck and Pfizer to Evaluate the Combination of TG4001 with Avelumab in HPV-Positive Head & Neck Cancer in a Phase 1/2 Study PFIZER INC 30,11  Euro -0,811 -2,62 % WKN: 852009  ISIN: US7170811035 Ticker-Symbol: PFE  Frankfurt | 11.11.16 | 19:11 Uhr Nachrichten Analysen Kurse Chart Aktie: BranchePharma AktienmarktS&P 100 S&P 500 DJ Industrial 1-Jahres-Chart 1-Woche-Intraday-Chart Realtime Geld Brief Zeit 29,868 30,219 13.11. 29,991 30,089 11.11. 11.10.2016 | 18:02 (14 Leser) Schrift ändern: (0 Bewertungen) Business Wire·Mehr Nachrichten von Business Wire Transgene Announces Collaboration with Merck and Pfizer to Evaluate the Combination of TG4001 with Avelumab in HPV-Positive Head & Neck Cancer in a Phase 1/2 Study Regulatory News: Transgene (Paris:TNG), a company focused on designing and developing targeted immunotherapies for the treatment of cancer and infectious diseases, today announced it has entered a collaboration agreement with Merck, the science and technology company, and Pfizer (NYSE: PFE) under which Transgene will sponsor a Phase 1/2 study evaluating the potential of the therapeutic vaccine candidate TG4001 in combination with avelumab, an investigational fully human anti-PD-L1 IgG1 monoclonal antibody, for the treatment of human papilloma virus- (HPV-) positive head and neck squamous cell carcinoma (HNSCC), after failure of standard therapy. Philippe Archinard, Chairman and CEO of Transgene, commented: "We are pleased to enter this collaboration with Merck and Pfizer to evaluate our therapeutic vaccine TG4001 in association with avelumab. In previous clinical trials, TG4001 has demonstrated promising activity in terms of HPV viral clearance and was well tolerated. TG4001 is one of the few drugs targeting HPV-associated cancers that can be combined with an immune checkpoint blocker such as avelumab. The preclinical and clinical data that have been generated with both TG4001 and avelumab individually suggest this combination could potentially demonstrate a synergistic effect, delivering a step up in therapy for HPV-positive HNSCC patients The combination of TG4001 and avelumab aims to target two distinct steps in the immune response to target cancer cells. This is an exclusive agreement between the parties to study the combination of these two classes of investigational agents in HPV-positive HNSCC. Prof. Christophe Le Tourneau, M.D., Head of the Early Phase Program at Institut Curie, and a world expert in ENT cancers, will be the Principal Investigator of the Phase 1/2 study. This trial is expected to begin in France, with the first patient expected to be recruited in H1 2017. It will seek to recruit patients with recurrent and/or metastatic virus-positive oropharyngeal squamous cell carcinoma that have progressed after definitive local treatment or chemotherapy, and cannot be treated with surgical resection and/or re-irradiation. Prof. Christophe Le Tourneau said: "HPV-induced head and neck cancers are currently treated with the same regimen as non-HPV-positive HNSCC tumors. However, their different etiology clearly suggests that differentiated treatment approaches are needed for HPV-positive patients. Immunotherapy, and in particular the therapeutic vaccine TG4001 together with the PD-L1 blocker avelumab, by targeting two distinct steps in the immune response, could deliver improved efficacy for patients who have not responded to or have progressed after a first line of treatment." TG4001 is an active immunotherapeutic designed by Transgene to express the coding sequences of the E6 E7 tumor-associated antigens of HPV-16 and the cytokine, IL-2. This therapeutic vaccine, which is based on a non-propagative, attenuated vaccinia vector (MVA), has already been administered to more than 300 patients with high grade cervical intra-epithelial neoplasia (CIN 2/3). It has demonstrated good safety, a significant HPV clearance rate and promising efficacy results. Its mechanism of action and good safety profile make TG4001 a particularly appropriate candidate for combinations with other therapies, such as avelumab. Avelumab is an investigational, fully human antibody specific for a protein found on tumor cells called PD-L1, or programmed death ligand-1. As a checkpoint inhibitor, avelumab is thought to have a dual mechanism of action that may potentially enable the immune system to find and attack cancer cells. By binding to PD-L1, avelumab is thought to prevent tumor cells from using PD-L1 for protection against white blood cells such as T-cells, exposing them to anti-tumor responses. Avelumab is also thought to help white blood cells such as natural killer (NK) cells find and attack tumors in a process known as ADCC, or antibody-dependent cell-mediated cytotoxicity. In 2014, the science and technology company Merck and Pfizer signed a strategic alliance to co-develop and co-commercialize avelumab. Alise Reicin, M.D., Head of Global Clinical Development in the biopharma business of Merck, commented: "We believe combination regimens show significant promise in the development of novel and efficacious immuno-oncology treatments. Through this study, we hope to discover the potential of avelumab as a combination therapy with TG4001 for patients fighting this recurring cancer." Chris Boshoff, M.D., Ph.D., Head of Immuno-Oncology, Early Development, and Translational Oncology at Pfizer, said: "Through this collaboration, we hope to better understand how therapeutic vaccines may help support the clinical development program for avelumab as our end goal is to find the best treatment options for patients." About HPV-mediated Head and Neck Cancer Head and neck squamous cell carcinoma (HNSCC) is a heterogeneous group of cancers that can affect the oral cavity, pharynx, and larynx. HPV-16 infection is recognized to participate in the development of a substantial proportion of head and neck cancers and is associated with a subset of HNSCC, especially those arising from the oropharynx (more than 80%), which are the most frequent, and the larynx (~70%). The incidence of HPV-16-related head and neck cancer has significantly increased in recent years. Although there are more than 100 subtypes of HPV, HPV-16 accounts for 90% of all HPV-related head and neck cancers. Global spending on head and neck cancer indications amounted to $1 billion in 2010. Current treatments include surgical resection with radiotherapy or chemoradiotherapy. However, better options are needed for advanced and metastatic HPV+ HNSCC. It is thought that immunotherapy combined with immune checkpoint inhibitors could provide a promising potential treatment option that would address this strong medical need. About TG4001 TG4001 is an investigational therapeutic vaccine based on a non-propagative, highly attenuated vaccinia vector (MVA), which is engineered to express HPV-16 antigens (E6 E7) and an adjuvant (IL-2). It is one of the few therapies targeting HPV+ sub population. TG4001 is designed to have a two-pronged antiviral approach: to alert the immune system specifically to HPV-16-infected cells that have started to undergo precancerous transformation (cells presenting the HPV-16 E6 and E7 antigens) and to further stimulate the infection-clearing activity of the immune system through interleukin 2 (IL-2). TG4001 has been administered to more than 300 patients, demonstrating good safety, significant HPV clearance rate and promising efficacy results. Its mechanism of action and good safety profile make TG4001 an excellent candidate for combinations with other therapies in solid tumors. About Avelumab Avelumab (also known as MSB0010718C) is an investigational, fully human antibody specific for a protein found on tumor cells called PD-L1, or programmed death ligand-1. Avelumab is thought to have a dual mechanism of action which may enable the immune system to find and attack cancer cells. By binding to PD-L1, avelumab is thought to prevent tumor cells from using PD-L1 for protection against white blood cells such as T-cells, exposing them to anti-tumor responses. Avelumab is also thought to help white blood cells such as natural killer (NK) cells find and attack tumors in a process known as ADCC, or antibody-dependent cell-mediated cytotoxicity. In November 2014, Merck and Pfizer announced a strategic alliance to co-develop and co-commercialize avelumab. About Transgene Transgene S.A. (Euronext: TNG), part of Institut Mérieux, is a publicly traded French biopharmaceutical company focused on designing and developing targeted immunotherapies for the treatment of cancer and infectious diseases. Transgene's programs utilize viral vector technology with the goal of indirectly or directly killing infected or cancerous cells. The Company's two lead clinical-stage programs are: TG4010 for non-small cell lung cancer and Pexa-Vec for liver cancer. The Company has several other programs in clinical and pre-clinical development. Transgene is based in Strasbourg, France, and has additional operations in Lyon, as well as a JV in China with Tasly Group. Additional information about Transgene is available at www.transgene.fr. Disclaimer This press release contains forward-looking statements about the future development of TG4001. Although the Company believes its expectations are based on reasonable assumptions, these forward-looking statements are subject to numerous risks and uncertainties, which could cause actual results to differ materially from those anticipated. The occurrence of any of these risks could have a significant negative outcome for the Company's activities, perspectives, financial situation, results and development. The Company's ability to commercialize its products depends on but is not limited to the following factors: positive pre-clinical data may not be predictive of human clinical results, the success of clinical studies, the ability to obtain financing and/or partnerships for product development and commercialization, and marketing approval by government regulatory authorities. For a discussion of risks and uncertainties which could cause the Company's actual results, financial condition, performance or achievements to differ from those contained in the forward-looking statements, please refer to the Risk Factors ("Facteurs de Risque") section of the Document de Référence, which is available on the AMF website (http://www.amf-france.org) or on Transgene's website (www.transgene.fr Société anonyme au capital de 38.545.397 euros R.C. Strasbourg B 317 540 581 400 boulevard Gonthier d'Andernach Parc d'Innovation CS80166 67405 ILLKIRCH GRAFFENSTADEN CEDEX (France) Tél : 33 3 88 27 91 00 Fax : 33 3 88 27 91 11 View source version on businesswire.com: http://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20161011006225/en/ Contacts: Transgene: Lucie Larguier Director Corporate Communications IR +33 (0)3 88 27 91 04 investorrelations@transgene.fr or Media contacts: Citigate Dewe Rogerson David Dible Marine Perrier + 44 (0)20 7638 9571 transgene@citigatedr.co.uk © 2016 Business Wire Nachrichten zu MERCK KGAA Zeit Aktuelle Nachrichten Fr Morgan Stanley belässt Merck KGaA auf 'Equal-weight' Die US-Investmentbank Morgan Stanley hat die Einstufung für Merck KGaA vor Zahlen auf "Equal-weight" mit einem Kursziel von 103 Euro belassen. Er rechne damit, dass der Umsatz im dritten Quartal... ► Artikel lesen Fr Merck gewinnt R&D 100 Award für führende Innovationen ausgezeichnet -- Sanger Arrayed Lentiviral CRISPR Libraries ausgezeichnet in Kategorie Analyse/Tests Darmstadt (ots/PRNewswire) - Merck (http://www.merckgroup.com/de/index.html), ein führendes Wissenschafts-... ► Artikel lesen Fr Merck KGaA Receives $59.60 Consensus PT from Analysts ► Artikel lesen Fr Merck-Aktie steuert nach US-Wahl wieder auf Allzeithoch zu - Chartanalyse Paris - Merck-Aktie steuert nach US-Wahl wieder auf Allzeithoch zu - Chartanalyse Die Analysten der BNP Paribas nehmen in einer aktuellen Chartanalyse die Aktie des Darmstädter Pharmakonzerns Merck... ► Artikel lesen Fr Merck Wins R&D 100 Award for Top Invention - Sanger Arrayed Lentiviral CRISPR Libraries wins in Analytical/Test category DARMSTADT, Germany, Nov. 11, 2016 /PRNewswire/ -- Merck, a leading science and technology company, received a prestigious... ► Artikel lesen Nachrichten zu PFIZER INC Zeit Aktuelle Nachrichten 00:22 Pfizer Inc. (PFE) Deepens its Penetration in the EU ► Artikel lesen So Pfizer's Celebrex shown to be as safe as ibuprofen or naproxen -study ► Artikel lesen Sa Pfizer Inc. Stake Decreased by Guggenheim Capital LLC ► Artikel lesen Sa voestalpine und Pfizer vs. Honda Motor und Amazon - kommentierter KW 45 Peer Group Watch Global Innovation 1000 In der Wochensicht ist vorne: voestalpine 11,37% vor Pfizer 8,63%, Ford Motor Co. 8,29%, Roche GS 6,51%, Sanofi 6,49%, Novartis 6,31%, IBM 5,8%, Daimler 4,72%, Andritz 4,68%, Cisco 3,88%, Intel 2,98%... ► Artikel lesen Sa Dow beendet Trump-Woche auf Jahreshoch, Pfizer am Freitag schwach [pic1Der Dow Jones gewann am Freitag 0,21% auf 18847,66 Punkte. Year-to-date liegt der Dow Jones nun 8,16% im Plus. Es gab bisher 114 Gewinntage und 105 Verlusttage. Auf das Jahreshoch fehlen 0%, vom... ► Artikel lesen Nachrichten zu TRANSGENE SA Zeit Aktuelle Nachrichten Do Successful Completion of Transgene's Rights Issue Gross proceeds of circa €46.4 million Regulatory News: Transgene (Paris:TNG) (Euronext Paris: TNG), a company focused on designing and developing targeted immunotherapies for... ► Artikel lesen 28.10. Transgene Announces Publication in OncoImmunology of Pre-Clinical Data Demonstrating Delivery of a Fully Functional Immune Checkpoint Inhibitor (ICI) with Anti-Tumor Efficacy by a New Generation of Oncolytic Viral Immunotherapy In vivo and in vitro data shows oncolytic virus-based immunotherapy can express a fully functional ICI (anti-PD-1) within the tumor micro-environment, at levels that achieve a durable anti-tumor... ► Artikel lesen 24.10. XFRA CAPITAL ADJUSTMENT INFORMATION - 25.10.2016 - 1 FOLGENDE WERTPAPIERE WERDEN AM 24.10.2016 CUM KAPITALMASSNAHME UND AM 25.10.2016 EX KAPITALMASSNAHME GEHANDELT. THE FOLLOWING SHARES ARE TRADED CUM CAPITAL ADJUSTMENT ON 24.10.2016 AND EX CAPITAL ADJUSTMENT... ► Artikel lesen 20.10. TRANSGENE S.A. reports Q3 results ► Artikel lesen 20.10. Transgene Announces Rights Issue for an Amount of circa €48 Million Subscription ratio: 12 new shares for 25 existing shares Subscription price: €2.60 per new share Subscription period: from October 27, 2016 to November 4, 2016 (inclusive)... ► Artikel lesen Firmen im Artikel 1-Woche-Intraday-Chart MERCK KGAA Unternehmen / Aktien Kurs % MERCK KGAA 94,87 -0,67 % PFIZER INC 30,11 -2,62 % TRANSGENE SA 2,613 -1,02 % Sie erhalten auf FinanzNachrichten.de kostenlose Realtime-Aktienkurse von  und  mit der Push-Technologie von   Wie bewerten Sie die aktuell angezeigte Seite?sehr gut123456schlechtProblem melden Google+ Seite Nachrichten • Aktienkurse • DAX • Xetra-Orderbuch • Watchlist Ad hoc-Mitteilungen • Nachrichten Börsen • Aktien-Empfehlungen Branchen • Medien • Nachrichten-Archiv Impressum | AGB | Disclaimer • Presse • Mediadaten RSS-News von FinanzNachrichten.de kostenlos für Ihren Browser und Ihre Homepage


null
null


Contact Us Journalists Blog Log In Sign Up Send a Release News Solutions Resources Search News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News dansk Deutsch español Français italiano Nederlands norsk português suomeksi svenska GP Strategies Earns 13 Brandon Hall Excellence in Learning Awards News provided by GP Strategies Corporation Oct 11, 2016, 07:00 ET Share this article COLUMBIA, Md., Oct. 11, 2016 /PRNewswire/ -- Global performance improvement solutions provider GP Strategies Corporation (NYSE: GPX) today announced that it won 13 Brandon Hall Group Human Capital Management (HCM) Excellence Awards in the Learning, Leadership Development, Talent Management, Talent Acquisition, and Sales Performance categories. GP Strategies, in collaboration with its customers, received awards for the following projects: Continue Reading GP Strategies 2016 Awards from Brandon-Hall Group 1. Gold | Best Advance in Creating a Learning Strategy Product Knowledge Roadmap - An automotive industry client and GP Strategies worked together to develop an evidence-based framework for sales training that would provide product-specific curricula and performance support solutions. The development of the Product Knowledge Roadmap strategy incorporated the input of nearly 100 sales consultants, managers, and trainers from dealerships across the country regarding their product information needs. The Roadmap provides a straightforward framework for designing training, supporting in-dealership live sessions, issuing communications, and providing performance support necessary to launch a new vehicle or provide sustainment support for a carryover vehicle. 2. Gold | Best Results of a Learning Program (MasterCard) MasterCard Phishing - Mastercard, with support from GP Strategies, designed and implemented an interactive simulation that helped employees experience how to protect themselves from a potential phishing attempt. Through a holistic education and execution effort, the results exceeded expectations – and industry benchmarks. 3. Gold | Best Learning Team (Merck) Transforming L&D at Merck - Merck Learning Shared Services teamed with GP Strategies to form a globally diverse team to provide a "follow the sun" support model to significantly increase the speed of execution and delivery, and drive significant cost savings for Merck. GP Strategies proposed an operational support model that leveraged GP Strategies' Centers of Excellence (COEs) in Solihul, UK; Troy, Michigan, US; and Chennai, India for flexible and regionalized LMS administration, customer service, and content development support. The program tied into a holistic global learning transformation initiative that reduced overall learning spend by approximately 40% while improving/maintaining quality. 4. Gold | Best Unique or Innovative Leadership Development Program Leaders Studio - GP Strategies' BlessingWhite division developed a leadership program for a leading entertainment industry customer. 5. Gold | Best Advance in Employee Engagement (SunTrust)  Great Days at Work - SunTrust enlisted GP Strategies' BlessingWhite division to measure and improve the engagement of its 25,000 teammates. The approach was multi-pronged and branded as "Great Days at Work." BlessingWhite created an engagement portal of resources for all levels of the workforce, provided survey services and reports, helped strategize communications and targeted action planning; conducted senior leader meetings and workshops for teammates and managers; and piloted a mobile-optimized Great Days at Work tool to help teammates monitor and increase their engagement. As a result, SunTrust remains ahead of the Financial Services benchmark in all engagement favorability indices and has seen a lift in engagement internally year over year.  6. Silver | Best Advance in Custom Content Onboarding & Orientation - Our automotive industry client launched an initiative three years ago to address gaps between the organization's vision for learning and the reality of the current state of corporate training. The client elected to partner with GP Strategies to bring innovative approaches to address a range of learning needs for both corporate and dealership audiences. The resulting blended learning strategy included quick-start onboarding documents, web-based training, instructional videos (micro learning), interactive job aids, and virtual dealership immersive learning. These innovative approaches have provided more consistent onboarding and professional development experiences for employees and significantly reduced manager overhead associated with onboarding and learning. 7. Silver | Best New Hire Onboarding Program District Managers Combined (DMC) New Hire Development - An automotive industry client includes an extensive field organization across the US that supports its dealerships that market and sell its core brands. This field organization is made up of District Managers, the front-line representatives of the client to its dealership network. In 2013, the role and responsibilities of DMCs changed significantly, creating the need for a DMC new hire development program. HR began recruiting and hiring DMCs. Once hired, new DMCs journey together, networking and collaborating throughout. During their 6-month immersive journey, DMCs are able to focus 100% on learning essential skills and knowledge through a variety of learning experiences. 8. Bronze | Best Advance in Learning Technology Implementation (Cigna) Your Cigna University - Cigna University's vision for the future-state LMS is about moving beyond course tracking, content management, and delivery to providing an integrated cloud-based learning experience that includes formal, social, mobile, and informal learning. To accomplish this, Cigna University and GP Strategies undertook a huge IT transformation project with an aggressive (9.5 months) implementation timeline to migrate thousands of employees and contractors, as well as millions of transcripts, to a new learning platform. GP Strategies also created newly designed pages, transferred assets to the new social collaboration platform, and trained Cigna University help desk LMS administrators and agents on new processes. 9. Bronze | Best Certification Program Master-Level Certification Program for Certified Technology Experts (CTEs) - The Master-Level Certified Technology Expert (MCTE) program is designed to support an automotive industry clients' Global Customer Care Experience team in their request to have a more specialized team of Certified Technology Experts (CTEs) within the dealership who could answer customer questions and coach colleagues on topics related to in-vehicle technology. When the client determined the need for a comprehensive MCTE program, they turned to GP Strategies for expertise in instructional design and content development. Instructional designers from GP Strategies collaborated with client subject-matter experts to prepare and design a custom, performance-based certification program. A successful pilot was conducted in 2015 with a group of CTEs to validate the training materials. 10. Bronze | Best Advance in Custom Content (Lowe's Companies, Inc.) Leading Yourself and Your Team Through Change - The goal of the project was to create a Level 2 and 3 suite of eCourses geared towards helping employees and leaders develop resilience and manage through periods of transformation. The "Leading Yourself Through Change" program was collaboratively designed with Lowe's Companies, Inc. and developed by GP Strategies to help address multiple needs of all Lowe's Companies, Inc. employees at all levels. The "Leading Your Team Through Change" series is composed of three eCourses: The Challenges of Change, Introducing Change to Your Team, and Managing Change. This series is a tool that helps both employees and leaders; staff can use it for their own development and leaders can use it to build commitment and to manage change on their teams. 11. Bronze | Best Advance in Creating a Learning Strategy (Merck) Transforming L&D at Merck - A benchmark assessment in 2012 found that Merck had opportunities to drive efficiencies in its Learning structure, when compared to peer companies with high-impact learning organizations. The solution for Merck was to create and implement a Federated Learning Model to improve efficiency, visibility, and alignment to company operating goals. While aligning to the company's overall operating strategy, this scalable strategy centers on a two-part operating approach: the "front office" (client-facing) and a new "back office" (Learning Shared Service [LSS] team) to work with the front office to fulfill L&D initiative requests. Once the new Merck LSS team was established, they consolidated and outsourced executional support with a single vendor partner, GP Strategies, creating a flexible and scalable support model to meet the variable executional demand.  12. Bronze | Best Advance in Custom Content (PNC Bank) AMG Journey - PNC's Asset Management Group (AMG) wanted a consistent onboarding program to provide all new AMG employees up-to-date operational structure and group capabilities awareness for all the lines of business within AMG. Onboarding to a new organization is a journey for learners. Recognizing this, PNC set out to create a journey theme to the learning materials. The design vision intentionally considered each AMG line of business as a destination for learners to visit. PNC knows that onboarding is daunting and most learners cannot fully absorb all the needed information. For that reason, an engaging theme was used to help maintain interest and encourage completion. The goal was for the learner to remember the training tools themselves so that when they shift to new client delivery channels or functional service roles, they can easily revisit the training for a refresher. The learner starts their journey with an interactive job aid providing a boarding pass to each destination. As the learner moves through the course (journey) they experience a mix of animated videos, recorded webinars, and interactive online courses based on the travel theme. 13. Bronze | Best Unique or Innovative Sales Training Program (TransUnion) Shifting to a Customer-Centric, Problem-Solving Mindset - In 2012, TransUnion (TU) was preparing for a major sales transformation. TU hired a globally renowned management consulting firm to conduct a salesforce optimization analysis. The results revealed that changes needed to occur at both the sales structure and selling skills levels in order to maximize effectiveness. GP Strategies understood the transformational need and recommended a unique customized solution that would provide TU a competitive advantage. The sales leadership team and GP Strategies jointly developed a blended learning solution with five critical sales themes that make up the sales enablement journey: Share a Tailored Point of View; Connect with the Right Buyer; Have Successful Meetings; Establish the Shared Definition of Success; and Make the Value Tangible. As a result, the types of conversations TU is having with their customers have changed. Customers are now more engaged, view TU as a more strategic partner, and are delighted with the insight-led discussions they are now having that they feel better meet and anticipate their needs. About Brandon Hall Group Brandon Hall Group is an HCM research and advisory services firm that provides insights around key performance areas, including Learning and Development, Talent Management, Leadership Development, Talent Acquisition, and Workforce Management. With more than 10,000 clients globally and 20 years of delivering world-class research and advisory services, Brandon Hall Group is focused on developing research that drives performance in emerging and large organizations, and provides strategic insights for executives and practitioners responsible for growth and business results (www.brandonhall.com). About GP Strategies GP Strategies Corporation is a global performance improvement solutions provider of training, eLearning solutions, management consulting, and engineering services. GP Strategies' solutions improve the effectiveness of organizations by delivering innovative and superior training, consulting, and business improvement services customized to meet the specific needs of its clients. Clients include Fortune 500 companies, manufacturing, process and energy industries, and other commercial and government customers. Additional information may be found at www.gpstrategies.com. © 2016 GP Strategies Corporation. All rights reserved. GP Strategies and the GP Strategies logo design are registered trademarks of GP Strategies Corporation. Photo - http://photos.prnewswire.com/prnh/20161010/426865 Logo - http://photos.prnewswire.com/prnh/20130502/PH05881LOGO To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/gp-strategies-earns-13-brandon-hall-excellence-in-learning-awards-300341928.html SOURCE GP Strategies Corporation Related Links http://www.gpworldwide.com Oct 11, 2016, 13:02 ET Preview: GP Strategies to Host Investor & Analyst Day on December 1, 2016 Oct 07, 2016, 06:45 ET Preview: GP Strategies Completes Acquisition of Maverick Solutions My News Release contains wide tables. View fullscreen. Also from this source Nov 01, 2016, 06:45 ETGP Strategies Reports Third Quarter 2016 Financial Results Oct 24, 2016, 09:49 ETGP Strategies to Report Third Quarter 2016 Results on November 1,... Explore More news releases in similar topics Computer Electronics Human Resource & Workforce Management Education Awards You just read: GP Strategies Earns 13 Brandon Hall Excellence in Learning Awards News provided by GP Strategies Corporation Oct 11, 2016, 07:00 ET Share this article Looking to send a news release with PR Newswire? Take advantage of the world's leading distribution platform. Sign up to get started Request more information Have an account? Log In Phone 8AM - 10PM ET +1-888-776-0942 Send a Release Sign Up Blog For Journalists Contact Us Search Searching for your content... Advanced Search Contact 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Chat Online with an Expert Contact Us Solutions Cision Communication Cloud™ For Marketers For Public Relations For IR & Compliance For Agency For Small Business All Products About About PR Newswire About Cision Become a Publishing Partner Become a Channel Partner Careers   Global Sites Asia Brazil Canada Europe Finland France India Israel Mexico Middle East Netherlands Sweden United Kingdom My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Terms of Use Privacy Policy Information Security Policy Statement Site Map RSS Feeds Copyright © 2016 PR Newswire Association LLC. All Rights Reserved. A Cision company. News Solutions Resources News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News dansk Deutsch español Français italiano Nederlands norsk português suomeksi svenska Phone +1-888-776-0942 8AM - 10PM ET Chat Chat Online with an Expert All contact info Send a ReleaseLog In
MENU Tech Science Health Culture Reviews Features Videos HOMEPAGE Tech Gadgets Computers Phones/Tablets/Mobile Tech Wearable Tech Apps/Software Business Tech Internet Car Tech Security Apple Google Microsoft Smart Home Science Space Robotics Earth/Environment Animals Material Science Ancient Health Healthy Living/Wellness Medicine Public Health Culture Movies/TV Shows Video Games Comic Books Life & Style Celebrities Reviews Gadgets Wearable Tech Features Tech Advertisement facebook twitter reddit Comment google+ linkedin Email What's app digg Lung Cancer Treatment: Keytruda Better Than Chemotherapy In Patients With Non-Small Cell Lung Cancer 10 October 2016, 10:06 pm EDT By Rhodi Lee Tech Times Beating Cancer The Natural WayNow Playing Health Benefits Of Drinking WaterNow Playing Clinical trial showed Merck's immune boosting drug Keytruda is better than chemotherapy in patients with lung cancer. Bristol-Myers' Opdivo, however, fared worse than the older chemotherapy.  ( Merck ) Advertisement Findings of a new clinical trial showed that in patients with advanced lung cancer, Merck & Co.'s immune boosting drug Keytruda could be a better treatment option than chemotherapy. The study, which was published in New England Journal of Medicine on Oct. 9, involved patients with non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC) whose tumor had not yet spread to other parts of the body and who received no prior treatment. NSCLC is the most common type of the disease comprising between 85 and 90 percent of lung cancer diagnosis. The standard line treatment for NSCLC patients has been chemotherapy with patients living an average of 12 to 14 months after the start of treatment. Results of the study showed that six months after starting treatment, only 72 percent of those on chemotherapy were alive while about 80 percent of those who took Keytruda survived six months after the start of treatment. Nearly 28 percent of chemotherapy patients experienced significant shrinkage of tumor compared with almost 45 percent in those who received Keytruda. As for side effects of the treatment, 90 percent of those who received chemotherapy experienced unwanted effects of treatment such as anemia and nausea compared with 73 percent in patients who received Keytruda. Severe side effects were likewise experienced at a higher rate among those who received chemotherapy. "In patients with advanced NSCLC and PD-L1 expression on at least 50% of tumor cells, pembrolizumab was associated with significantly longer progression-free and overall survival and with fewer adverse events than was platinum-based chemotherapy," the study concluded. The study began in September 2014 but it was stopped early in June this year due to recommendations from an independent monitoring committee. The recommendations were based on interim results that showed Keytruda was superior to chemotherapy. "Chemotherapy has been the standard treatment for most patients with advanced non-small cell lung cancer for decades, but survival rates remain low," said Merck president Roger Perlmutter. "Our new data suggest that KEYTRUDA treatment can offer meaningful improvement over chemotherapy in a broad array of patients. In this sense, these studies may represent a turning point in worldwide efforts to control lung cancer." Results of the new study may likely lead more doctors to favor Keytruda over Bristol-Myers Squibb's immunotherapy Opdivo following a surprise announcement by Bristol-Myers in August that its drug fared worse than chemotherapies in a Phase III trial. Opdivo has been the leader in the lucrative lung cancer market for new drugs that fight cancer by stimulating the body's immune systems. It generated global sales of $1.54 billion for the first six months of this year outpacing Keytruda, which had global sales of $563 million, by a large margin. TAG Lung Cancer, Non-Small Cell Lung Cancer, Keytruda, chemotherapy, Opdivo, Merck © 2016 Tech Times, All rights reserved. Do not reproduce without permission. Related Articles Whole Brain Radiotherapy Not Beneficial To Patients Whose Lung Cancer Has Spread To Brain This App Can Help Lung Cancer Patients Live Longer Up To 25 Percent Of Lung Cancer Patients Ineligible For Immunotherapy Simple Breath Test Could Offer Lung Cancer Clues and Ease Screening Liquid Biopsy For Lung Cancer: Simple Blood Test Can Detect Mutation In Key Genes From Our Sponsor Eco-friendly Packaging On Demand Technology Changes The Way Retailers Think About Shipping Packages On-demand packaging can be eco-friendly as well as save costs. Now, who would have thought of that? Packsize did, and it's changing the business of shipping packages. SPONSORED BY Packsize Advertisement Advertisement Most Popular 1 Google Google Pixel Hacked In Under 60 Seconds: Is Your Smartphone Safe From The Exploit? 2 Apps/Software Samsung Launches Android 7.0 Nougat Galaxy Beta Program: Software Update Now Up For Testing By Galaxy S7 And S7 Edge Users 3 Phones/Tablets/Mobile Tech Black Friday 2016: Best Surface Pro Deals With Big Discounts From Microsoft, Costco, Best Buy And More Advertisement 4 Apps/Software Nexus 5X, Nexus 6P To Get Night Mode Again After Android 7.1 Nougat Update Removed It 5 Life & Style Nostradamus Predictions: Did The French Prophet Predict Donald Trump 2016 US Presidential Election Victory Would Lead To World War 3? 6 Gadgets Best Buy Black Friday 2016 Deals: PS4 And Xbox One Bundle Sales, $199 49" Toshiba 4K HDTV, Galaxy S7 Discount And More 7 Animals Dinosaur Rise More Gradual Than Previously Thought, Fossils Show 8 Phones/Tablets/Mobile Tech iPhone 8 Rumors: Barclays Analysts Report iPhone 8 May Sport New Form Factor 9 Ancient Mating With Neanderthals And Denisovans Helped Ancient Humans Survive Outside Africa 10 Phones/Tablets/Mobile Tech Android 7.0 Nougat: How To Use Multi-Window Mode On Android 7.0 EDITOR'S PICKS Election Day 2016: Where Do I Vote Today, Predictions And How To Know Presidential Election Results Nostradamus Predictions: Did The French Prophet Predict Donald Trump 2016 US Presidential Election Victory Would Lead To World War 3? iPhone 8 Rumors: Barclays Analysts Report iPhone 8 May Sport New Form Factor Samsung Galaxy S8, S8 Plus And Galaxy Note 8 Model Numbers Leak: SM-G950, SM-G955 And SM-N950 Samsung Launches Android 7.0 Nougat Galaxy Beta Program: Software Update Now Up For Testing By Galaxy S7 And S7 Edge Users NES Classic Hits Amazon At 2 P.M. Nov. 11, Here's How To Get Yours Dinosaur Rise More Gradual Than Previously Thought, Fossils Show Costco Black Friday 2016 Deals Leak Early: PS4 And Xbox One S Bundle Sales, Surface Pro 4 Discount Google Pixel Hacked In Under 60 Seconds: Is Your Smartphone Safe From The Exploit? Life & Style More Life & Style Meet Charlotte, A Massive Huntsman Spider In Australia Freaking Out The Internet Math Abilities Are Not Innate: New Theory May Help In Identifying, Teaching Students With Math Learning Disabilities This Cat Has The Most Terrifying Reaction To His Human Dressing As A Cat Alien Hunters Spot Strange Fossilized Beast Resembling A Grizzly Bear On Mars: Here's What UFO Hunters And Skeptics Think Is The Robot Girlfriend in Calvin Harris’ New 'My Way' Video Really Taylor Swift? [Video] This Dog’s Reaction To Her Favorite Toy Come To Life Is The Happiest Video On The Internet Right Now Lady Gaga And James Corden’s ‘Carpool Karaoke’ Ride Goes Massively Viral, But Can She Beat Justin Bieber And Adele? [Video] Starbucks Secret Menu: What’s In The Franken Frappuccino Beverage Available This Halloween TechScienceHealthCultureReviewsFeaturesVideos About Us | Contact Us | Content Licensing | Terms & Conditions | Privacy Policy | Media Kit | BrandSpin © 2016 TechTimes Inc. All rights reserved. Top Stories From Tech Times Delivered To Your Inbox. No Thanks!
Bloomberg the Company & Its ProductsBloomberg Anywhere Remote LoginBloomberg Anywhere LoginBloomberg Terminal Demo Request Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Philanthropy & Engagement Bloomberg London Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Bloomberg Tradebook Bloomberg Briefs Bloomberg Indices Bloomberg SEF Bloomberg Institute Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center Enterprise Products Enterprise Solutions Trading Solutions Bloomberg Vault Bloomberg PolarLake Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps News Bureaus Media Services Bloomberg Live Conferences Bloomberg Media Distribution Advertising Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Philanthropy & Engagement Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Bloomberg London Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps News Bureaus Media Services Advertising Bloomberg Media Distribution Bloomberg Live Conferences Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Bloomberg Tradebook Bloomberg Briefs Bloomberg Indices Bloomberg SEF Bloomberg Institute Enterprise Products Enterprise Solutions Trading Solutions Bloomberg Vault Bloomberg PolarLake Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center MENU Homepage Markets Stocks Currencies Commodities Rates + Bonds Economics Magazine Benchmark Watchlist Economic Calendar Tech U.S. Global Startups Cybersecurity Digital Media Bloomberg Technology TV Hello World Studio 1.0 Pursuits Cars & Bikes Style & Grooming Spend Watches & Gadgets Food & Drinks Travel Real Estate Art & Design Politics With All Due Respect Poll Decoder Culture Caucus Podcast Masters In Politics Podcast Ad Tracker Battlegrounds 2016 Opinion View Gadfly Businessweek Subscribe Cover Stories Opening Remarks Etc Features 85th Anniversary Issue Behind The Cover More Science + Energy Graphics Game Plan Small Business Personal Finance Inspire GO The David Rubenstein Show Sponsored Content Bloomberg About The Company Sign In Sign In Bristol's Failure of Leadership By Max Nisen Photographer: Maddie Meyer Health Max Nisen Max Nisen is a Bloomberg Gadfly columnist covering biotech, pharma and health care. He previously wrote about management and corporate strategy for Quartz and Business Insider. Follow @MaxNisen Facebook Twitter Email Print Share Oct 10, 2016 1:52 PM EDT MERCK & CO. INC. -1.01 At Closing, Nov 11th 63.95 USD ASTRAZENECA PLC -78.50 At Closing, Nov 11th 4326.00 GBp Self-inflicted wounds hurt the most.  Bristol-Myers Squibb's immune-boosting cancer drug Opdivo had been dominating Merck's rival drug Keytruda because it is marketed to a broader patient population. Opdivo outsold Keytruda by more than $500 million in the second quarter.  But Bristol's attempt to use the same broad-brush approach in treating newly diagnosed lung-cancer patients blew up in its face back in August. In a trial with those patients, Opdivo did not outperform chemotherapy, while a more-conservative trial by Merck succeeded. That result carved $30 billion from Bristol's market cap at the time. The news got worse this weekend: Updated data from the same trial show Opdivo didn't even beat chemo among a more-promising patient group. Merck's drug, on the other hand, reduced death in those patients by 40 percent compared to chemo. Markets shaved another $9 billion in Bristol's value on Monday, as shares fell to a two-year low. Observers who picked Bristol as the surefire winner in this drug class were premature. Now, instead of defending its throne, Bristol needs to scramble to keep up.  Drawing a Blank An August trial failure took a huge hunk of of Bristol-Myers' market cap. Then investors found out exactly how badly it failed. Source:Bloomberg The fight for market leadership in this space, known as immuno-oncology, has only just begun.  The first approvals for these drugs were in patients that had failed other lines of treatment. It's where cancer medicines often start -- it's easier to show superior benefit in tougher-to-treat patients with limited options. That may have helped Bristol take an early lead, as did its aggressive clinical-trial strategy -- Bristol didn't limit trials to patients whose tumors have a very high level of a protein (PD-L1) thought to predict success for this drug class. But Bristol's head start may mean less going forward. Merck's recent trial success gives it a jump on treating newly diagnosed lung-cancer patients. Roche's Tecentriq, meanwhile, is expected to get an approval in previously treated lung cancer patients in the next few weeks.  And all of the companies in this space will likely be fighting for market share in treating various cancers for years to come.  The real prize is the 75 to 80 percent of newly diagnosed lung cancer patients not eligible for Merck's drug based on their PD-L1 levels. And there are many patients with other types of cancer that don't benefit from this drug class on its own. To reach them, firms are testing combinations of multiple drugs, with the Opdivo/Keytruda class as a backbone.  Bristol got the first approval for an IO combo, its older drug Yervoy plus Opdivo to treat melanoma. It's testing that combination in a variety of other cancers. But AstraZeneca will have trial results for a similar combo in lung cancer ahead of Bristol. And Merck, Roche, and others are trying other approaches to the combo game that might end up being better. In one very small trial, a combination of Keytruda with an early-stage Incyte drug had triple the response rate of Bristol's Opdivo/Yervoy duo in melanoma, and appeared safer.  If Bristol loses more of its lead in single-drug treatment and can't find a way win in the combo game, then it may be in real trouble. Analyst estimates for Opdivo's sales in 2019 have fallen by more than $2 billion since August and may have further to go.  Closing the Gap Analysts have cut sales forecasts for the Bristol-Myers Squibb drug Opdivo after it failed in a trial of newly diagnosed lung-cancer patients. The outlook for Merck's rival drug Keytruda keeps rising, meanwhile Source: Bloomberg Even with these lowered estimates, Opdivo is expected to account for more than 30 percent of the company's sales in 2019. The company's valuation compared to its peers was sky high when many assumed it would lead this market for years to come, but it has eroded dramatically along with expectations for Opdivo. Back to Earth Bristol-Myers Squibb has been more highly valued than its peers based on its presumed leadership in cancer immunotherapy. That head start is rapidly eroding, though Source: Bloomberg It seems unlikely Opdivo is a fundamentally worse drug than Keytruda, given its success over the past few years. Bristol reported promising Opdivo trial results in head and neck cancer over the weekend, in fact. But in trying to differentiate Opdivo from its rivals, Bristol's approach has been too aggressively broad, raising the possibility of more design failures to come. It needs to find a new way to expand Opdivo's opportunity, instead of watching it diminish.  This column does not necessarily reflect the opinion of Bloomberg LP and its owners. To contact the author of this story: Max Nisen in New York at mnisen@bloomberg.net To contact the editor responsible for this story: Mark Gongloff at mgongloff1@bloomberg.net Lagging Behind Lagging Behind U.S. breakeven rates, a measure of market expectations for inflation, have soared on Trump's election Source: Bloomberg Note: Data are normalized from start date Missing Linkers Inflation Salvation's in Short Supply Markets Marcus Ashworth How investors saw tech Defensive Rich pickings Trump Makes Fundies Cool Again Markets Tim Culpan Shenzhen retail ownership 59% Wok Hei Shenzhen Link Investors Had Better Like Stir Fry Markets Nisha Gopalan Lingering Threat Lingering Threat International flows into Malaysian bonds have been the strongest this year since 2012, but could quickly reverse Source: Bloomberg * Year-to-date. Ace of Spades Malaysia's Running Out of Trump Cards Markets Andy Mukherjee Lock Step Lock Step U.S. crude oil and retail gasoline prices move in tandem Source: Bloomberg Sanctions Redux Donald Trump Could Be OPEC's New Best Friend Julian Lee Yield Surge Yield Surge Bond yields climbed sharply after the election of Donald Trump as U.S. president Source: Bloomberg Swing State The Bond Pit and the Pendulum Markets Lisa Abramowicz Don of a New Era Don of a New Era Long-term U.S. Treasury yields surged this week as markets attempted to discount a Trump presidency Source: Bloomberg Trade of the Week Goldman Sachs Made America Great Again Finance Michael P. Regan Deal Spectrum Slam Dunk 20/20 Hindsight That Big Berkshire Hathaway Railroad Deal Deals Gillian Tan Flash Sale Flash Sale J.C. Penney's shares plunged by as much as 12% in pre-market trading Friday, eventually turning positive as investors digested its lower-than-expected earnings Source: Bloomberg Intraday times are displayed in ET. Upshift J.C. Penney Needs to Find a New Gear Consumer Shelly Banjo Copper Used In China For Each Tonne Used In The U.S. 6.7 Tonnes Wistful Thinking Trump Takes Copper Bulls Down Memory Lane Energy Liam Denning Trumped Up Trumped Up U.S. interest rates have spiked since Tuesday's U.S. presidential election Source: Bloomberg Marketing President Trump, Meet President Reagan Markets Nir Kaissar Feel The Flow Feel The Flow Quarterly net flows of assets under management turned positive at Pimco for the first time since 2013 Source: Company filings Inflection Point Pimco's Turnaround Gets Trumped Finance Lionel Laurent Get the Crash Cart Get the Crash Cart Shares of hospital companies plunged as it became clear Donald Trump would be the next President Source: Bloomberg Intraday times are displayed in ET. Obamacarelessness Trump Puts Hospitals in the ICU Health Max Nisen Trump Effect Trump Effect Banks led by Wells Fargo & Co. have outperformed since Trump won the election, in part due to likely reduced regulation and the potential that his spending plans will drive inflation (and interest rate hikes) Source: Bloomberg You've Got Time Goldman's Slow Volcker Compliance Could Pay Off Gillian Tan Bpost's proposed offer €2.4 billion Lost in Delivery Return This Deal to Sender Finance Chris Hughes Bottoms Up Bottoms Up After reaching a low in the first half of July, U.S. Treasury yields have been climbing steadily Source: Bloomberg Safe Not Sorry Gundlach Takes a Moral Victory Lap Markets Lisa Abramowicz Down With the Kids Down With the Kids Christmas ads' pick up on social media is crucial to creating a brand buzz for British retailers Source: YouTube Lidl is an estimate as of December 2015 Tune In The Futile Christmas Ad War Consumer Andrea Felsted Average PL viewership -18% Forever Bursting Bubbles Soccer's Aristocrats Have a Ratings Problem Too Elaine He Losing Power Losing Power The growth in Tata Group's total net profit between 2004 and 2011 has all but stalled since Source: Bloomberg *Data for 2016 are trailing 12-month figures for the most recent quarter. Use the Force Tata Wars Move to Lightsabers Management Andy Mukherjee Tata's Singapore coupon 6.65% the worm turns Singapore Bondholders Get Tough Markets Christopher Langner Balance of Power Balance of Power China retail remains Alibaba's most important business, with international barely a blip on the radar Source: Bloomberg Free Kick Jack Ma Should Channel Becks Tech Tim Culpan Enough Guns? Enough Guns? Demand for pre-purchase background checks has been on the rise amid calls for tougher gun control measures following a spate of mass shootings Source: FBI National Instant Criminal Background Check System Background checks are not equivalent to gun sales. Holstered Trump Can't Make Smith & Wesson Guns Sell Industrials Brooke Sutherland Back in the U.S. of A. Back in the U.S. of A. Of the top 10 Chinese acquisitions of American assets, seven were this year Source: Bloomberg * denotes deals not done in 2016. Hammer Time Trump Crushes China M&A Deals Nisha Gopalan Share Build Share Build Macy's shares shot up as much as 9% Thursday after announcing a real estate deal with Brookfield Source: Bloomberg Intraday times are displayed in ET. Meh-cy's Don't Get Too Excited About Macy's Consumer Shelly Banjo The New World The New World Conoco has learned from bitter experience that the energy cycle trumps all Source: Bloomberg Real Talk Do You Believe Shell? Try Conoco Energy Liam Denning
For more local news from India, visit Bloombergquint.com Bloomberg the Company & Its ProductsBloomberg Anywhere Remote LoginBloomberg Anywhere LoginBloomberg Terminal Demo Request Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Philanthropy & Engagement Bloomberg London Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Bloomberg Tradebook Bloomberg Briefs Bloomberg Indices Bloomberg SEF Bloomberg Institute Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center Enterprise Products Enterprise Solutions Trading Solutions Bloomberg Vault Bloomberg PolarLake Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps News Bureaus Media Services Bloomberg Live Conferences Bloomberg Media Distribution Advertising Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Philanthropy & Engagement Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Bloomberg London Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps News Bureaus Media Services Advertising Bloomberg Media Distribution Bloomberg Live Conferences Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Bloomberg Tradebook Bloomberg Briefs Bloomberg Indices Bloomberg SEF Bloomberg Institute Enterprise Products Enterprise Solutions Trading Solutions Bloomberg Vault Bloomberg PolarLake Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center MENU Homepage Markets Stocks Currencies Commodities Rates + Bonds Economics Magazine Benchmark Watchlist Economic Calendar Tech U.S. Global Startups Cybersecurity Digital Media Bloomberg Technology TV Hello World Studio 1.0 Pursuits Cars & Bikes Style & Grooming Spend Watches & Gadgets Food & Drinks Travel Real Estate Art & Design Politics With All Due Respect Poll Decoder Culture Caucus Podcast Masters In Politics Podcast Ad Tracker Battlegrounds 2016 Opinion View Gadfly Businessweek Subscribe Cover Stories Opening Remarks Etc Features 85th Anniversary Issue Behind The Cover More Science + Energy Graphics Game Plan Small Business Personal Finance Inspire GO The David Rubenstein Show Sponsored Content Bloomberg About The Company Sign In Sign In Subscribe Bristol-Myers Partner Ono Drops as Cancer Drug Data Disappoint Natasha Khan natashakhanhk Naomi Kresge naomikresge October 10, 2016 — 9:09 PM EDT Share on FacebookShare on Twitter Share on LinkedInShare on RedditShare on Google+E-mailShare on TwitterShare on WhatsApp Share on FacebookShare on Twitter Share on LinkedInShare on RedditShare on Google+E-mailShare on TwitterShare on WhatsApp Ono Pharmaceutical Co. shares dropped in Japan trading after its partner Bristol-Myers Squibb Co. released study results for its immune-based therapy Opdivo that fell short of already low expectations in a lung cancer trial that studied wider use of the drug. The Osaka-based company dropped as much as 11 percent Tuesday, the most since August, before trading 8.6 percent lower at 9:34 a.m. local time. The Japanese stock market was closed Monday for a holiday. In results presented Sunday at the European Society for Medical Oncology meeting in Copenhagen, Opdivo data showed it wasn’t superior to chemotherapy even in patients with high levels of a protein called PD-L1, which is thought to be a predictor of how well the immune-system drugs will work. The data came from a detailed analysis of the Checkmate-26 study, whose main findings were released in August. The results were in stark contrast to the performance of Merck & Co.’s Keytruda in a similar group of patients. Keytruda reduced the risk of death or cancer progression by 50 percent in a study, giving Merck a head start on all of its competitors in the race for the best new immune therapy against lung tumors, the most common cancer in the world. Merck’s entire trial was designed around people with high PD-L1 levels, while Bristol-Myers tried to reach a wider range of patients. Bristol-Myers had already announced in August that Opdivo didn’t help the broader group. Sunday’s results showed the treatment didn’t aid the narrower group either. Bristol-Myers, which had already slumped 19 percent this year through Friday, dropped to the lowest level in two years in New York trading on Monday. Opdivo was first approved in Japan in July 2014 for melanoma, a type of skin cancer. Ono has a royalty agreement with Bristol-Myers and rights to sell Opdivo in Japan and a few other regional markets. Before it's here, it's on the Bloomberg Terminal. LEARN MORE Bristol-Myers Squibb Co Cancer Japan Terms of Service Trademarks Privacy Policy ©2016 Bloomberg L.P. All Rights Reserved Careers Made in NYC Advertise Ad Choices Website Feedback Help
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login MENU Stock Picks Learn More News Investing News Fool Podcasts Guides How to Invest Retirement Personal Finance Motley Fool Answers Options Trading Find a Broker Compare IRA Accounts Community Discussion Boards CAPS More About Help My Fool My Fool My Profile My Watchlist My Scorecard My Boards My CAPS My Reports My Subscriptions My Settings Premium Advice My Services None Other Services None Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Search Search: Why Bristol-Myers Squibb, Myriad Genetics, and Twilio Slumped Today Despite a rising market, these stocks fell. Find out why. Dan Caplinger (TMFGalagan) Oct 10, 2016 at 6:42PM The stock market performed well on Monday, with the Dow climbing 88 points and other major market benchmarks posting similar gains of roughly half a percent. Many investors were pleased with the continued advances in the crude oil market, where prices approached the $52-per-barrel level on news of potential supply constraints because of Russian production controls and measures from OPEC member nations. Yet even though the stock market rose and sent the Energy Select SPDR ETF (NYSEMKT:XLE) up more than 1.5%, some stocks nevertheless lost substantial ground. Among the worst perfomers were Bristol-Myers Squibb (NYSE:BMY), Myriad Genetics (NASDAQ:MYGN), and Twilio (NYSE:TWLO). Image source: Bristol-Myers Squibb. Bristol faces a competitive setback Bristol-Myers Squibb lost more than 10% after a tough weekend for the drug-maker. On one hand, the company's presentation at the European Society for Medical Oncology showed few signs of any positive signs for its Checkmate-026 trial of its Opdivo candidate treatment for a form of lung cancer. At the same time, competitor Merck (NYSE:MRK) announced much more encouraging trial data for its Keytruda lung-cancer drug, setting the stage for a competitive showdown in which the odds will be very much in Merck's favor. If Merck gets the upper hand, then it will be extremely difficult for Bristol's Opdivo to meet the expectations that its shareholders have for the drug, and that could put even further pressure on the drug-maker's shares going forward. Analysts hit Myriad shares Myriad Genetics dropped 12% in the wake of an analyst's downgrade of the genetic testing company's stock. Analysts at Ladenburg Thalmann downgraded shares of Myriad Genetics from neutral to sell. The current target price of $16 per share for the stock would imply even further downside from current levels, and investors are increasingly worried about potential competition. For instance, Myriad currently relies heavily on its BRACAnalysis test for breast and ovarian cancer, but some potential competitors believe that they can offer reduced pricing that could hurt Myriad's business model in the long run. The question is how long Myriad can ride its first-mover advantage, but the prospect of an end to its competitive moat is making some Myriad Genetics shareholders take a hard look at their shares today. Twilio's early investors sell out Finally, Twilio plunged 14%. The company said late Friday that it would register a follow-on public offering of stock, allowing several of its existing stockholders to liquidate all or part of their holdings in the company. Twilio expects to issue $50 million in new stock in the offering, with the proceeds going to the company. However, the remaining $350 million in offered shares would represent holdings of third-party shareholders, and Twilio won't see any of those proceeds. The move comes as somewhat of a surprise because lock-up provisions for the newly public company weren't set to expire until late December. Given the success that the smartphone messaging and video specialist's stock has seen, it's no surprise that institutional investors want to book profits, and for long-term investors who believe in the company's prospects down the road, the drop could represent a good opportunity for more investment. Dan Caplinger has no position in any stocks mentioned. The Motley Fool has no position in any of the stocks mentioned. Try any of our Foolish newsletter services free for 30 days. We Fools may not all hold the same opinions, but we all believe that considering a diverse range of insights makes us better investors. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author Dan Caplinger (TMFGalagan) Dan Caplinger has been a contract writer for the Motley Fool since 2006. As the Fool's Director of Investment Planning, Dan oversees much of the personal-finance and investment-planning content published daily on Fool.com. With a background as an estate-planning attorney and independent financial consultant, Dan's articles are based on more than 20 years of experience from all angles of the financial world. Follow @DanCaplinger Article Info Oct 10, 2016 at 6:42PM Financials Stocks Merck and Co. NYSE:MRK $63.95 down $-1.01 (-1.55%) Bristol-Myers Squibb NYSE:BMY $56.37 down $0.29 (-0.51%) Myriad Genetics NASDAQ:MYGN $17.29 down $0.09 (-0.52%) Energy Select Sector SPDR NYSEMKT:XLE $69.46 down $-1.29 (-1.82%) Twilio Inc. NYSE:TWLO $31.56 up $0.06 (0.19%) Read More How Donald Trump Could Affect Your Personal Finances 4 Tax Moves You Can Make Today to Avoid an Audit Apple Inc. May Be Using This New Tech in iPhone 8 3 Undervalued Growth Stocks Ready to Be Bought Now The First Details of Intel Corporation's Gemini Lake Chip Emerge Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Terms of Use Privacy Policy Copyright, Trademark and Patent Information Terms and Conditions © 1995 - 2016 The Motley Fool. All rights reserved. Current New stock picks released in...         Get The Picks x
null
View Newsmax Mobile Home   Health News   Cancer   Heart   Brain Health   Diabetes   Natural Health   Anti-Aging   Diet & Fitness   Health Wire   Newsletters Sponsor Atheist Scientists Have Been Hiding This Diabetic ‘God-Send’ Tags: Cancer | AZNLN | ALLTOP | ALLWWCUR | BGX | BIZNEWS | BNALL Immunotherapy Drug Beats Chemo Against Lung Cancer (Copyright Fotolia) Wednesday, 12 Oct 2016 03:17 PM Close  More ways to share... Stumbled LinkedIn Vine Reddit Delicious Newstrust Tell my politician Technocrati Short URL| Email Article| Comment| Contact| Print|     A   A    Lung cancer treatment is moving beyond chemotherapy, with Merck & Co. setting the pace in a new category of therapies that harness the body’s immune system to fight tumors.  The U.S. drugmaker’s Keytruda medicine reduced the risk of death or cancer progression by 50 percent, Merck said, unveiling details of a crucial study at a meeting of the European Society for Medical Oncology. The medicine gave patients an average of 10.3 months before their cancer progressed, compared with six months on chemotherapy. Unlike competitor Bristol-Myers Squibb Co., whose similar drug Opdivo failed in an advanced trial and caused its stock to plunge, Merck selected patients who harbored high levels of a protein thought to predict how well the immune-system drugs will work. The results give Merck a head start -- and not just on Bristol-Myers. Roche Holding AG and AstraZeneca Plc are also in the race for the best new immune therapy against lung tumors, the most common cancer in the world.  While Merck and Bristol-Myers are the leaders, each of the four companies will probably be able to take a piece of the market as data emerges from single and combination therapies for patients with various levels of the predictive protein, said Mirjam Heeb, who helps manage $186 million in health-care stocks, including Bristol-Myers, Roche and Merck, at GAM Holding AG in Zurich. “We can assume now that Merck has a lead of at least 12 months” in its target patient group, Heeb said in a telephone interview. “But the overall landscape is changing so fast that I think it’s impossible to predict what it will look like in 12 months.” Doctors will probably start testing patients soon after diagnosis to see whether they’re suited to treatment with Keytruda and can forgo the many side effects of chemotherapy, said Stefan Zimmermann, a chief oncologist at the Cantonal Hospital of Fribourg, Switzerland. “The main reaction will actually be relief and renewed hope,” Zimmermann said on Sunday from the meeting in Copenhagen. “We have been waiting for ways to ditch the good old chemotherapy that carries significant toxicity.” Shares of Merck, which have gained 19 percent this year, rose 3 percent in trading before the opening of U.S. markets, while Bristol-Myers fell 6.1 percent, adding to a 19 percent decline this year. AstraZeneca fell 0.4 percent at 12:31 p.m. in London, and Roche rose 0.4 percent in Zurich. The U.S. Food and Drug Administration is set to decide by Dec. 24 whether Keytruda, already approved for patients whose lung cancer got worse after chemotherapy, can be used as an initial treatment too. Some 224,000 Americans will probably be diagnosed with lung tumors this year, according to the National Cancer Institute. Much of the battle for dominance in lung immune-oncology drugs thus far has centered on whether patients need to show high levels of a protein called PD-L1 to benefit. Merck’s trial focused on patients whose tumors expressed PD-L1 at least half the time. That group could comprise as many as one-quarter of newly-diagnosed lung-cancer patients, said Sam Fazeli, an analyst with Bloomberg Intelligence. By contrast, Bristol-Myers’s competing therapy, Opdivo, failed a test as a sole treatment for lung cancer after the company included patients with lower levels of PD-L1. But details of the trial unveiled at the conference pointed to lackluster results even in a narrower group of patients with high PD-L1 levels. “PD-L1 assessment has to be part of the standard diagnostic workup,” said Corey Langer, director of the thoracic oncology program at the Abramson Cancer Center at the University of Pennsylvania. “Patients can’t wait for these results.” Langer led a smaller trial of Merck’s Keytruda also presented in Copenhagen, which combined the drug with chemotherapy and also let in all patients, no matter their PD-L1 levels. The combination was almost twice as successful at shrinking lung cancer tumors than a standard chemotherapy regimen. But with just 123 patients, the trial was too small to say for sure whether the combination is better than immune therapy alone, Langer said. Roche also presented results showing its immune therapy contender, Tecentriq, helped patients whose lung tumors had already progressed. Tecentriq was approved by regulators in May for advanced bladder cancer, and Roche expects a ruling from the FDA in second-line lung cancer by the end of next week. Results for newly-diagnosed patients aren’t expected before 2018, however. By then, Fazeli said, investors will be focusing on combination therapies. The first results from two immune therapies used together will probably come next year from AstraZeneca. Bristol-Myers is also working on such a combination, with data due out in 2018. Like Merck, Roche is combining its immune-oncology drug with chemotherapy, aiming for approval in 2018. “Given the data you see here with Keytruda alone, the combinations should by logic and by data seem to do better,” Fazeli said.   © Copyright 2016 Bloomberg News. All rights reserved. Click Here to comment on this article Close  More ways to share... Stumbled LinkedIn Vine Reddit Delicious Newstrust Tell my politician Technocrati Short URL| Email Article| Comment| Contact| Print|     A   A    1Like our page 2Share Share Cancer Lung cancer treatment is moving beyond chemotherapy, with a new category of therapies that harness the body's immune system to fight tumors. AZNLN, ALLTOP, ALLWWCUR, BGX, BIZNEWS, BNALL, BNCOPY, BNCOPY2, BNSTAFF, BNTEAMS, BUSINESS, COS, DRG, DUPLICATE, EHEALTH, EUBNX, EUFW, EUROPE, EUROPEME, EUROSTORY, FINNEWS, GOWEB, HEA, HEATOP, HEATOPZ1, HEATOPZ2, HLDUPLICAT, HLNOVELTY0, LST, MOSTREAD, MOSTSENT, MSCIDVEUR, MSCINAMER, MSCIWORLD, MTC, NJ, NORTHAM, NOVELTY0, NY, NYCTOP, NYCTOPZ2, NYCTOPZ3, NYX, ONWEB, READ1000, READ1500, READ500, READ700, SCAND, SWEDE, SWISS, SWTOP, SWTOPZ2, SWTOPZ6, TOP, TOPBIZMKT, UK, UPDATE, US, USBNX, USHEALTH, USMA, USTOP, USTOPZ3, USTOPZ5, WWTOP, WWTOPBIZ, WWTOPZ3, AGRKEY, WORLD, BBPROFILE, BGOVBILLGO, BGOVCODES, BNCITESBI, BONDWIRES, CANCER, WEPFEX1, CANLUNG, CMDGLOMAC, CMDKEY, DEVECO, EMEAREGION, SPREGIONS, G10MEMB, G7MEMB, GENHEA, GLOMACBB, ILLNESS, INDUSTRIES, INTERNAL, LEAST, MAJOR, METALKEY, MISC, WEBELIG, NRGKEY, OILKEY, TIMENI, TIMECO, SRCRANK1, READ, RESPILL, EQUITYKEY, CANCERDRG, PADD1, PADDIST, ALLSTATES, NORDIC, WEU, PA 804 Wednesday, 12 Oct 2016 03:17 PM 2016-17-12 Take A Look At This Powered by Newsmax Comments Register To Comment Login To Comment Please review Community Guidelines before posting a comment. Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. blog comments powered by Disqus   Free Newsmax E-Alerts Email: Country: Zip Code: Privacy: We never share your email.   Find Your Condition Cancer Heart Disease Obesity Arthritis Alzheimer's/Dementia Digestive Problems Cold/Flu Depression Allergies High Cholesterol Chronic Pain Thyroid Disorders Menopause Osteoporosis Autism Anxiety High Blood Pressure Diabetes More Conditions Take A Look At This Powered by Newsmax Most Commented Tips to Deal with Depression If Your Candidate Lost Wednesday, 09 Nov 2016 | 12 comments Actually, I feel better than I have for eight years!... Vietnam Vets Seek Help for Rare Cancer Friday, 11 Nov 2016 | 8 comments HAPPY VETERAN'S DAY. I thought I was one of the lucky ones too when I left... One Daily Soda Boosts Type 2 Diabetes Odds Friday, 11 Nov 2016 | 5 comments Finally, a study that backs up the obvious: that diet soda will not raise... Three Reasons Kids are Obese Friday, 11 Nov 2016 | 4 comments Most kids are fat because they are too pampered. They sit in front of the... Study Shows the Year You Were Born May Determine Your Flu Risk Friday, 11 Nov 2016 | 3 comments So, where is the list of years and which ones make you more vulnerable?... To view this video please enable JavaScript, and consider upgrading to a web browser that supports HTML5 video Home   Health News   Cancer   Heart   Brain Health   Diabetes   Natural Health   Anti-Aging   Diet & Fitness   Health Wire   Newsletters The information presented on this website is not intended as specific medical advice and is not a substitute for professional medical treatment or diagnosis. Read Newsmax Terms and Conditions of Service. Newsmax, Moneynews, Newsmax Health, and Independent. American. are registered trademarks of Newsmax Media, Inc. Newsmax TV, and Newsmax World are trademarks of Newsmax Media, Inc. NEWSMAX.COM © Newsmax Media, Inc. All Rights Reserved Contact | Advertise | Shop | RSS | Archives |Privacy Policy | Terms & Conditions

Montag, 14.11.2016 Börsentäglich über 12.000 News von 549 internationalen Medien Indizes Kurs % News 24 h / 7 T Aufrufe 7 Tage Aktien Kurs % News 24 h / 7 T Aufrufe 7 Tage Xetra-Orderbuch Devisen Kurs % Rohstoffe Kurs % Passende Knock-Outs zu Ihrer Suchanfrage (Anzeige) Erweiterte Suche Ad hoc-Mitteilungen Startseite Nachrichten Aktienkurse Fonds Anleihen Derivate Rohstoffe Devisen Watchlist Aufklappen Schliessen Aktien»Nachrichten»MERCK & CO AKTIE»Ablynx: ABLYNX ANNOUNCES SECOND EXTENSION OF ITS ION CHANNEL RESEARCH COLLABORATION WITH MERCK & CO., INC. MERCK & CO INC 58,74  Euro -0,822 -1,38 % WKN: A0YD8Q  ISIN: US58933Y1055 Ticker-Symbol: 6MK  Frankfurt | 11.11.16 | 16:56 Uhr Nachrichten Analysen Kurse Chart Aktie: BranchePharma AktienmarktDJ Industrial S&P 100 S&P 500 1-Jahres-Chart 1-Woche-Intraday-Chart Realtime Geld Brief Zeit 58,58 59,17 13.11. 58,80 59,07 11.11. 12.10.2016 | 07:04 (102 Leser) Schrift ändern: (2 Bewertungen) GlobeNewswire (Europe)·Mehr Nachrichten von GlobeNewswire (Europe) Ablynx: ABLYNX ANNOUNCES SECOND EXTENSION OF ITS ION CHANNEL RESEARCH COLLABORATION WITH MERCK & CO., INC. GHENT, Belgium, 12 October 2016 - Ablynx [Euronext Brussels: ABLX; OTC: ABYLY] today announced a second extension of its research collaboration with a subsidiary of Merck & Co., Inc., Kenilworth, NJ, USA, known as MSD outside the United States and Canada, to develop and commercialise Nanobody® candidates directed towards an undisclosed voltage gated ion channel. The extension agreement will trigger a €1 million milestone payment to Ablynx, and Merck will extend their funding of the research collaboration at Ablynx to September 2018. The ion channel collaboration was announced in October 2012 and included a €6.5 million upfront payment and €2 million in initial research funding. In March 2015, the Company announced a first extension of the research term to September 2016. Dr Edwin Moses, CEO of Ablynx, commented: "We are pleased that Merck will, for the second time, extend the research term of our current ion channel collaboration. This decision is based on the very encouraging progress we made in the discovery of Nanobodies against this challenging target and builds on the competitive advantage of our proprietary Nanobody platform in the generation of innovative therapeutic candidates against target classes that have proven difficult to address with conventional antibody technologies." About the ion channel collaboration between Ablynx and Merck & Co., Inc. In October 2012, Ablynx and a subsidiary of Merck & Co, Inc. entered into a collaboration to develop and commercialise Nanobody candidates directed towards a voltage gated ion channel, with the option to develop and commercialise a Nanobody to a second target. Under the terms of the agreement, Merck gains exclusive global rights to Nanobodies against the selected target, with an option for similar rights to a second target. Upon signing, Merck paid Ablynx a €6.5 million upfront payment. In addition, Ablynx is eligible to receive research funding (extended now twice) and up to €448 million in research, regulatory and commercial milestone payments associated with the progress of multiple candidates, as well as tiered royalties on any products derived from the collaboration. Ablynx is responsible for the discovery of Nanobody candidates and Merck is responsible for the research, development, manufacturing and commercialisation of any Nanobody product resulting from the collaboration. About Ablynx Ablynx (http://www.ablynx.com/) is a biopharmaceutical company engaged in the development of Nanobodies® (http://www.ablynx.com/technology-innovation/understanding-nanobodies/), proprietary therapeutic proteins based on single-domain antibody fragments, which combine the advantages of conventional antibody drugs with some of the features of small-molecule drugs. Ablynx is dedicated to creating new medicines which will make a real difference to society. Today, the Company has more than 45 proprietary and partnered programmes (http://www.ablynx.com/rd-portfolio/overview/) in development in various therapeutic areas including inflammation, haematology, immuno-oncology, oncology and respiratory disease. The Company has collaborations with multiple pharmaceutical companies including AbbVie, Boehringer Ingelheim, Eddingpharm, Genzyme, Merck & Co., Inc., Merck KGaA, Novartis, Novo Nordisk and Taisho Pharmaceuticals. The Company is headquartered in Ghent, Belgium. More information can be found on www.ablynx.com (http://www.ablynx.com). For more information, please contact Ablynx: Dr Edwin Moses CEO t:   +32 (0)9 262 00 07 m: +32 (0)473 39 50 68 e:  edwin.moses@ablynx.com (mailto:edwin.moses@ablynx.com) Marieke Vermeersch Director IR & Corporate Communications t:   +32 (0)9 262 00 82 m: +32 (0)479 49 06 03 e:  marieke.vermeersch@ablynx.com (mailto:marieke.vermeersch@ablynx.com%20) Follow us on Twitter @AblynxABLX Ablynx media/analyst relations FTI Consulting: Julia Phillips, Brett Pollard, Mo Noonan, Matthew Moss t: +44 20 3727 1000 e: ablynx@fticonsulting.com (mailto:ablynx@fticonsulting.com) pdf format of the press release (http://hugin.info/137912/R/2048347/765838.pdf) This announcement is distributed by Nasdaq Corporate Solutions on behalf of Nasdaq Corporate Solutions clients. The issuer of this announcement warrants that they are solely responsible for the content, accuracy and originality of the information contained therein. Source: Ablynx via Globenewswire © 2016 GlobeNewswire (Europe) Nachrichten zu ABLYNX NV Zeit Aktuelle Nachrichten Do BRIEF-Ablynx announces warrant exercise ► Artikel lesen Do Ablynx: ABLYNX ANNOUNCES WARRANT EXERCISE REGULATED INFORMATION GHENT, Belgium, 10 November 2016 - Ablynx [Euronext Brussels: ABLX; OTC: ABYLY] today announced, in conformity with Title II of the Law of 2 May 2007 and the Royal... ► Artikel lesen Mi Ablynx: ABLYNX TO PRESENT AT THE JEFFERIES LONDON HEALTHCARE CONFERENCE 2016 GHENT, Belgium, 9 November 2016 - Ablynx [Euronext Brussels: ABLX; OTC: ABYLY] today announced that its CEO, Dr Edwin Moses, will present a company update at the Annual Jefferies Healthcare... ► Artikel lesen 21.10. EuroBiotech Report: Novartis-TxCell, AbbVie rejects Ablynx, Merck KGaA and more ► Artikel lesen 21.10. BRIEF-Ablynx announces warrant exercise ► Artikel lesen Nachrichten zu MERCK & CO INC Zeit Aktuelle Nachrichten 02:43 Merck's triple combo HCV candidate achieves cure rates as high as 100% in mid-stage studies ► Artikel lesen So 1832 Asset Management L.P. Raises Stake in Merck & Co. ► Artikel lesen Fr BMS' Opdivo evens the head-and-neck cancer score with Merck's Keytruda ► Artikel lesen Fr Merck & Co. EVP Sells €5,133,090.46 in Stock ► Artikel lesen Fr Why You Should (and Shouldn't) Buy Merck ► Artikel lesen Sie erhalten auf FinanzNachrichten.de kostenlose Realtime-Aktienkurse von  und  mit der Push-Technologie von   Wie bewerten Sie die aktuell angezeigte Seite?sehr gut123456schlechtProblem melden Google+ Seite Nachrichten • Aktienkurse • DAX • Xetra-Orderbuch • Watchlist Ad hoc-Mitteilungen • Nachrichten Börsen • Aktien-Empfehlungen Branchen • Medien • Nachrichten-Archiv Impressum | AGB | Disclaimer • Presse • Mediadaten RSS-News von FinanzNachrichten.de kostenlos für Ihren Browser und Ihre Homepage
Skip to main content Home Topics Biotech Clinical Trials Disease Research Drug Discovery Drug Pipeline Drug Safety Formulation/Delivery Genomics/Proteomics Industry News Legal/Regulatory Life Sciences Pharma Mergers & Acquistions Preclinical Trials Watch Science Connect Search Social Facebook LinkedIn Twitter Directory Products Learn Login Register Subscribe Channels R&D LDN SC Advertisement Advertisement BMS Announces Mixed Data for Opdivo at ESMO 2016 Wed, 10/12/2016 - 8:26am Comments by Ryan Bushey - Digital Editor - @R_Bushey A batch of mixed data paints a hazy picture for the future of Bristol-Myers Squibb’s immunotherapy Opdivo. First, results from one study had shown patients taking Opdivo fared worse than those who were on a chemotherapy treatment regimen, reported Reuters. The purpose of this investigation was too see how Opdivo could assist the immune system in fighting cancer as an initial treatment for advanced lung cancer. Patients taking the drug lived a 4.2 month period before the disease worsened versus individuals who were solely on chemotherapy, which was a 5.9 month period.  Analysts were disappointed with these results although the difference wasn’t deemed statistically significant, wrote Reuters. The expectation was that Opdivo could generate $840 million in sales for the second quarter, but these results coupled with a previous announcement when BMS revealed the candidate didn’t beat out older chemotherapies in a phase 3 trial complicates these financial prospects. READ MORE: Positive Data on Merck’s Keytruda Drug for Lung Cancer Presented at ESMO 2016 Plus, Merck & Co’s Keytruda, a rival drug, demonstrated it could reduce the risk of disease progression in half for previously treated patients also decreasing overall deaths by 40 percent compared with chemotherapy. This news means Merck will have an advantage over the market segment featuring first-line lung cancer patients with high PD-L1 expression levels. However, one upside for BMS is that Opdivo elicited impressive survival rates when compared to Keytruda in a study focusing on head and neck cancer patients, explained FiercePharma. The CheckMate-141 study enrolled second-line patients with recurrent or metastatic squamous cell carcinoma of the head and neck. They reported that Opdivo provided stabilized symptoms and functioning over the first 15 weeks of therapy. Keytruda previously gained approval from the FDA in August for head and neck cancer because it achieved a 16 percent response rate from study participants where 82 percent of them were still responding treatment six months later at the conclusion of the trial. Opdivo, though, could have the edge since the drug was able to boost the median survival rate from 5.1 months to 7.5 with an approximate 36 percent of study participants living for at least 12 months. These results were announced on Sunday at the European Society for Medical Oncology’s annual meeting in Copenhagen, Denmark. Drug Pipeline Related Reads AstraZeneca Drug Candidate Fails in Lung Cancer Study Merck Seeks FDA Approval for Keytruda as First-Line Treatment BMS Gains Sixth Breakthrough Designation for Opdivo AbbVie, BMS Partner on Combined Checkpoint Inhibitor Trial Ryan Bushey Digital Editor @R_Bushey Full Bio > Advertisement Advertisement View the discussion thread. Connect with Drug Discovery & Development Facebook LinkedIn Twitter Resources About Us Advertising Info Contact Us Contributor Guidelines Directory FAQs Privacy Policy Product Announcement Form Subscriptions Terms & Conditions Topics Biotech Clinical Trials Disease Research Drug Discovery Drug Pipeline Drug Safety Formulation/Delivery Genomics/Proteomics Industry News Legal/Regulatory Life Sciences Pharma Mergers & Acquistions Preclinical Trials © Copyright 2016 Advantage Business Media Advertisement
MM&M Facebook MM&M Twitter MM&M LinkedIn Advertise Subscribe Log in | Register Home News Agencies Data/Analytics Campaigns Commercial Corporate Legal/Regulatory Media Opinion Payers Pipeline Technology 3 health tech innovations experts say will revolutionalize healthcare As digital-health funding increases, here's how VR, nanotechnology, and 3D printing could potentially improve the value of healthcare. Health Influencer 50 MM&M and PRWeek editors convened to select 50 battle-tested pros who are changing the healthcare game. Find out if you made the list. 10 things for pharma marketers to know about Facebook and Instagram With about 70 million users in six million health-related groups, drugmakers have tremendous opportunity to reach key audiences on Facebook. Here's how. Series Top 100 Agencies Live at Cannes Pharma Report Watson Week MM&M's Guide to DTC Top 40 Transformers Events Big Data Hall of Femme Leadership Exchanges MM&M Awards Transforming Healthcare Conference Webcasts Virtual Events Resources eBooks inVision Videos Podcasts The Agency Gallery The PMD Whitepapers Careers The Glass Ceiling Upward Moves At Work With Magazine Latest Issue Issue Archive MM&M > Channel > Commercial > Merck outspends Bristol-Myers Squibb on journal ads for Keytruda Tweet Kevin McCaffrey October 11, 2016 Merck outspends Bristol-Myers Squibb on journal ads for Keytruda Share this content: facebook twitter linkedin google Comments Print Merck's Keytruda and Bristol-Myers Squibb's Opdivo, for all their similarities, have taken markedly different commercial strategies to selling their immuno-oncology drugs. Merck has spent more than double what Bristol-Myers Squibb has spent on Opdivo to promote Keytruda in professional journals targeting doctors. BMS has chosen a different route, electing to make huge splashes in direct-to-consumer advertising. In the first half of 2016, Keytruda was the thirteenth most advertised brand in professional journals, with Merck doling out more than $2 million to target doctors, according to Kantar Media. During the same time period, Opdivo didn't even break into the top 20 of advertised pharmaceutical brands — Bristol-Myers Squibb spent $863,000 on professional ads for the drug, significantly less than what Merck spent.   But that's not to say BMS hasn't promoted Opdivo. The company spent $37 million on DTC ads in the first quarter of 2016 and a total of $125 million advertising the therapy in 2015, while Merck spent only $7.3 million in DTC spending over the same time period. In fact, Bristol-Myers Squibb promoted the drug directly to consumers to such an extent that it came under fire from investors last year. An agency executive interviewed for this story said that “what you're seeing is two different strategies based on market position. Opdivo is getting the bulk of its business in second-line, and they lacked awareness of a hopeful treatment. I think it made sense for them to spend the money [on DTC].” Merck did not respond to requests for comment by press time.  See also: Pro ad report: All the data on journal spending in 1H 2016 The different tactics these companies have used thus far may dictate what their future marketing plans will look like as Merck near its FDA decision dates for treatment in first-line lung cancer, a decision that is expected to level the playing field between the two drugs. Keytruda is expected to go before the FDA on December 24. Deutsche Bank analyst Gregg Gilbert in January questioned the use of DTC as a tactic to promote Opdivo in second-line lung cancer during a Bristol-Myers Squibb earnings call, saying that adoption of immuno-oncology drugs was likely to grow regardless of whether or not the company promoted it directly to patients. BMS CEO Giovanni Caforio responded by defending the ad, Longer Life, saying the company wanted to dispel pessimism about oncology therapies that lack “significant value.” Credit Suisse analyst Vamil Divan defended the company's strategy, saying last week that “Bristol saw a need to do DTC, and they saw decent returns in terms of uptake by people coming to see their doctor. They knew they were going to be the market leader with their label and that drove them to be aggressive.” That strategy may have lead Opdivo to significantly higher sales. Opdivo brought in $942 million in 2015, compared to Keytruda's $566 million during the same year. See also: Opdivo bet backfires, creates opening for Merck to pursue DTC While BMS has seen success with DTC so far, now it may make less sense for the drugmaker going forward, Divan said. “The leader does more DTC advertising,” he added. “They want to bring patients in, but if you're the third or fourth best product, [patients] might not get your drug if someone else has 75% market share.” Opdivo recently suffered a development setback in the bid for a front-line indication when the drug missed its primary endpoint in a Phase-III trial in August. Merck, on the other hand, is expected to hear from the FDA by December 24 about whether Keytruda as a monotherapy will be approved as a front-line treatment. See also: BMS CEO defends use of DTC to promote cancer drug The same agency executive said he doesn't expect to see Merck make huge outlays for DTC if it scores that first-line approval. “I don't know that they need it,” he noted. “BMS needed [DTC] to make second-line patients aware and excited. Front line is different. Everyone gets there. However, I wouldn't put it past [Merck] to do a major PR play.” Divan believes that a Keytruda approval in the first-line may cause Bristol-Myers Squibb to change its strategy. “I don't see how it would benefit BMS in lung,” he said. “Most of [the market] share would go to Merck. They would just be helping their competitor.” Share this content: facebook twitter linkedin google Comments Print Similar Articles AIDS foundation calls to pull Bristol-Myers Squibb ads Bristol-Myers Squibb gains approval for arthritis drug 20. Bristol-Myers Squibb Bristol-Myers Squibb offers $4.5 billion for ImClone People News: Bristol-Myers Squibb Related Topics Commercial Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Next Article in Commercial Pro ad report: All the data on journal spending in 1H 2016 Medical Marketing & Media Return To Top News Agencies Campaigns Commercial Corporate Legal/Regulatory Media Payers Pipeline Opinion Back Talk Beltway Insider Editor's Desk Partner Forum Private View Viewpoint User Center Subscribe About us Contact us Media Information Sitemap Ad Choices Connect With Us Newsletters Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Copyright © 2016 Haymarket Media, Inc. All Rights Reserved This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed in any form without prior authorization. Your use of this website constitutes acceptance of Haymarket Media's Privacy Policy and Terms & Conditions.
▮ Home ▮ Business Latest Headlines Top Stories Breaking News Earnings Biotech Investors IPOs M&A Canadian UK Key Wallstreet Events ▮ Industry News Technology Software Banking Automotive Energy More ▮ Stock Alerts Active Traders Before the Bell $5 and under Intraday Updates After the Bell ▮ Corp. Calendars Dividends Stock Splits Buybacks Conference Calls ▮ Earnings Calendars Earnings Calendar Pos Pre-announcements Profit Warnings Positive Surprise Negative Surprise Latest Earnings ▮ FDA Calendars Drug Approvals Device Approvals Clinical Trial Calendar ▮ Ratings Changes Upgrades Downgrades Cov Initiations Cov. Reiterated ▮ Economy US Europe Asia Global Economic Calendar Economic Scorecard Fed Members ▮ Markets Morning Mkt Analysis US Commentary European Commentary Asian Commentary Canadian Commentary Indian Commentary Commodities Bonds Currencies ▮ Politics US World White House Elections Congress General News ▮ Forex FX Top Stories Currency Analysis Currency Alerts Economic Calendar Economic Scorecard ▮ Health Hot Topics Diet & Fitness Kids Health Men's Health Women's Health Cancer News Drug Development Mental Health ▮ Tech Hot Topics Gadgets & Games Mobile Green Tech ▮ Entertainment Top Stories TV News Movie News Slide Shows Game of Thrones ▮ Music news Pop Rock Classic Rock Rap/Hip-Hop Country Alternative Oldies All Genre ▮ Content Licensing Newswires & Feeds Content Syndication Digital Signage Services Radio News Services ▮ Premium Emerging Biostocks Under The Radar Short-Term Investor NewsStream Login ▮ More Free Content RSS Feeds Search ▮ Blog Political Science / Nature Fundamental Analysis ▮ Columns Science & Tech Arts & Leisure Politics & Policy Money Home Business Latest Headlines Top Stories Breaking News Earnings Biotech Investors IPOs M&A Canadian UK Key Wallstreet Events Industry News Technology Software Banking Automotive Energy More Stock Alerts Active Traders Before the Bell $5 and under Intraday Updates After the Bell Corp. Calendars Dividends Stock Splits Buybacks Conference Calls Earnings Calendars Earnings Calendar Pos Pre-announcements Profit Warnings Positive Surprise Negative Surprise Latest Earnings FDA Calendars Drug Approvals Device Approvals Clinical Trial Calendar Ratings Changes Upgrades Downgrades Cov Initiations Cov. Reiterated Economy US Europe Asia Global Economic Calendar Economic Scorecard Fed Members Markets Morning Mkt Analysis US Commentary European Commentary Asian Commentary Canadian Commentary Indian Commentary Commodities Bonds Currencies Politics US World White House Elections Congress General News Forex FX Top Stories Currency Analysis Currency Alerts Economic Calendar Economic Scorecard Health Hot Topics Diet & Fitness Kids Health Men's Health Women's Health Cancer News Drug Development Mental Health Tech Hot Topics Gadgets & Games Mobile Green Tech Entertainment Top Stories TV News Movie News Slide Shows Game of Thrones Music news Pop Rock Classic Rock Rap/Hip-Hop Country Alternative Oldies All Genre Content Licensing Newswires & Feeds Content Syndication Digital Signage Services Radio News Services Premium Emerging Biostocks Under The Radar Short-Term Investor NewsStream Login More Free Content RSS Feeds Search Blog Political Science / Nature Fundamental Analysis Columns Science & Tech Arts & Leisure Politics & Policy Money Before The Bell   E-MAIL  SHARE FONT-SIZE    Tweet Share Merck & Co. (MRK) Jumped On Positive Study Results For Keytruda 10/11/2016 7:10 AM ET Merck & Co. (MRK) announced Sunday that its Keytruda drug demonstrated superiority in overall survival at 18 months in a phase 2/3 study, compared to standard of care chemotherapy, in treatment of metastatic non-small cell lung cancer. Merck gapped open higher Monday, but moved in a narrow range throughout the session. The stock ended the day with a gain of 1.13 at $63.90 on above average volume. At its intraday high of $64.86, Merck set a new high for the year. by RTT Staff Writer For comments and feedback: editorial@rttnews.com Business News Fed Chatterbox: Economic Preview Week of November 14 Forget Canada: The Best Places To Flee Trump's America These Companies Are Sitting On Mountains Of Cash Before the bell ZELTIQ Aesthetics Inc. (ZLTQ) Jumped After Q3 Profit Topped Expectations Taser International Inc. (TASR) Climbed On Better Than Expected Q3 Earnings Avid Technology Inc. (AVID) Sank To A New Low After Q3 Profit Disappoints IBM Corp. (IBM) Climbed After Upgrade To Buy Shake Shack Inc. (SHAK) Rose To A 2-Month High On Q3 Results Kohl's Corp. (KSS) Broke Out To A 9-Month High After Q3 Profit Beat TubeMogul Inc. (TUBE) Soared After Bought By Adobe Systems SodaStream International Ltd. (SODA) Surged To A New High On Strong Q3 Earnings Lincoln National Corp. (LNC) Leaped To A New High For The Year Oshkosh Corp. (OSK) Broke Out To A New High For The Year Goldman Sachs Group (GS) Climbed To An 11-Month High Seattle Genetics Inc. (SGEN) Surged To A New High For The Year US Steel Corp. (X) Jumped To A 3-Month High After Upgrade Viasat Inc. (VSAT) Rose To A 6-Month High After Q2 Profit Topped Expectations TripAdvisor Inc. (TRIP) Tumbled To A New Low After Q3 Revenues Fell Short <<Previous        38 Articles Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. comments powered by Disqus RELATED NEWS Merck: Researchers To Provide More 30 Than Data Presentations At ID Week Merck Q3 Profit Rises; Lifts 2016 Outlook Merck & Co Q3 16 Earnings Conference Call At 8:00 AM ET Merck & Co Inc. Reports 10% Increase In Q3 Profit INO Slips On Clinical Hold, MRK Gets FDA Nod, Be All Ears For AKAO Trade MRK now with  Follow RTT Editor's Pick Most Read Most Emailed Nasty Gal Files For Bankruptcy Allianz Stock Climbs On Q3 Profit Growth, Confirms FY16 Profit View Walt Disney Q4 Profit Down - Update Forget Canada: The Best Places To Escape Trump's America Continental Stock Dips On Weak Q3 Profit; Sees Strong Earnings In Q4 AstraZeneca Q3 Pre-tax Profit Down On Crestor Generic; Backs FY View Alphabet Cancels Drone Deal With Starbucks As Project Leaders Pushed Out Viacom Q4 Adj. Profit Beats View, But Revenues Miss Munich Re Lifts FY16 Profit View As Q3 Profit Climbs; Stock Dips E.ON 9-month Attributable Net Loss Narrows; Maintains Weak FY16 Earnings View ADAP Surges As FDA Lifts Clinical Hold, OCUL Catches Eyes, RegeneRx On The Rise ARWR's Hepatitis B Drug On Clinical Hold, GMED Disappoints, A First For MYL AdvancePierre Foods Appoints Christopher Sliva As President ANTH Plunges As Lupus Trial Fails, BMY's Opdivo Is At It Again, FDA Nod For GILD Engie 9-month EBITDA Declines - Quick Facts Pfizer : IBRANCE Approved In Europe To Treat HR+/HER2- Metastatic Breast Cancer Forget Canada: The Best Places To Escape Trump's America Google Rejects EU Antitrust Charges Walt Disney Q4 Profit Down - Update Alphabet Cancels Drone Deal With Starbucks As Project Leaders Pushed Out Allianz Stock Climbs On Q3 Profit Growth, Confirms FY16 Profit View E.ON 9-month Attributable Net Loss Narrows; Maintains Weak FY16 Earnings View Facebook Taking Aim At LinkedIn Rio Tinto Suspends Unit CEO Alan Davies Amid Guinea Payments Investigation Alstom Turns To Profit In H1; Sales, Orders Up; Backs 2020 View - Quick Facts Kuka Group Q3 Profit Surges; Lowers FY16 Sales Outlook - Quick Facts HeidelbergCement Q3 Profit Down;says Confident To Exceed €400 Mln Synergy Target Osram Licht Q4 Profit Declines; Sees Growth In 2017 - Quick Facts Heidelberg Reports Positive Net Result In Q2; Affirms Fiscal Year Targets Carlsberg Q3 Revenues Decline; But Lifts FY16 Profit Outlook - Quick Facts E.ON 9-month Loss Narrows; Confirms 2016 Profit Outlook Munich Re Lifts FY View, Q3 Profit Rises - Quick Facts Swiss Life 9-month Fee Income Rises; Premiums Down; On Track For FY16 Targets ARWR's Hepatitis B Drug On Clinical Hold, GMED Disappoints, A First For MYL Copyright © 2016 RTTNews. All rights reserved. By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Service. About Us   |   Privacy   |   Feedback   |   Sitemap


Newsroom Advertise News Alerts Weather School Closings (WJAC) My Account Search for: Select Home News Local News Top Stories National News International News Opinions Features Business News Election Marcellus Shale Health News Partner News Sports Local Sports National Sports PSU Sports News Spikes Obituaries Crime A & E Events Taste of Home Contest Classifieds Shop Weekly Circulars Grocery Coupons Gift Cards & More Half Off Deals Celebrations Celebrations Submission Clearfield-Lawrence Consolidation Home / News / Business News / Is Hillary Clinton bad news for drug stocks? Is Hillary Clinton bad news for drug stocks? Posted on Wednesday, October 12, 2016 by CNN in Business News Looking for another sign that Hillary Clinton appears to have momentum over Donald Trump in the U.S presidential race? Check out healthcare stocks, specifically big drugmakers and biotechs. Clinton has promised to tackle the problem of high drug prices numerous times on the campaign trail — in speeches and in a series of tweets. And pharmaceutical companies have typically taken a hit following her tough talk. The recent controversy surrounding rising prices for the EpiPen allergy medication in late August has brought the issue of drug prices back to the forefront. Clinton attacked EpiPen maker Mylan in a tweet, saying there was “no justification” for the price hikes. The iShares U.S. Pharmaceuticals exchange-traded fund, which includes Johnson & Johnson, Pfizer, Merck and Mylan as top holdings, is down more than 5% since that tweet. Meanwhile, the iShares Nasdaq Biotechnology ETF, which owns Biogen, Gilead Sciences and Amgen, has plunged 7% in the past month and a half. The EpiPen tweet echoes another one by Clinton from September 2015, when Martin Shkreli became a household name for the more than 5,000% price increase of the HIV and malaria treatment Daraprim by his company Turing Pharmaceuticals. Clinton called that price hike “outrageous.” Biotech stocks (and Shkreli) wound up getting taken to the woodshed as a result. The sell-off in healthcare stocks is one of several market indicators that appear to be pointing to a victory over Trump next month. CNNMoney is also tracking the prices of gold and gasoline, as well as the value of the Mexican peso, to try and gauge what investors are thinking about the election. But should drug stock investors really be that nervous about a Hillary Clinton presidency? After all, many investors were initially scared about the impact that President Obama’s signature Affordable Care Act, aka Obamacare, would have on the sector. However, leading health insurer UnitedHealth has soared more than 300% since the law went into effect in March 2010. The Health Care Select Sector SPDR ETF, which includes top drug, biotech, medical equipment and insurers, is up nearly 120% too. That’s better than the overall market. So Obamacare didn’t exactly kill the industry. Along those lines, Martin Small, the head of U.S. ETFs for BlackRock-owned iShares, wrote in a recent report that the dip in healthcare ETFs lately may be an overreaction. “The sector appears to be taking a ‘breather’ during the uncertainties of the U.S. election season,” Small wrote. Still, investors may be growing worried about the possibility of Democrats winning control of at least one, if not both, of the two chambers of Congress now that Trump’s campaign seems to be going off the rails (on a crazy train?) The likelihood of major legislation that could hurt the big drugmakers and biotechs is higher if Democrats control the White House and legislative branch. It’s still not clear if the turmoil in the GOP will actually lead to a Democratic sweep next month though. And even if it does, experts point to an increased appetite for healthcare mergers as another reason why the industry could continue to thrive. Pfizer announced earlier this year it was scooping up cancer drugmaker Medivation, while Abbott Labs is buying medical equipment giant St. Jude. Disclosure: The reporter or this story owns shares of Abbott as well as its spinoff AbbVie. Just look at what Hillary Clinton's doing to health-care ... stocks Dirty secrets of the mail fraud mafia Related Posts Uber CEO: We’re not going public Why Saudi Arabia and Russia are still flooding the oil market Fiat Chrysler wants to give dealership workers a free ride to college Twitter shares tank 10% after missing sales estimates Leave a Reply Cancel reply You must be logged in to post a comment. Jobs from Indeed What: Where: jobs by gantdaily.com © 2014 GantDaily.com. All rights reserved. About | Contact | Privacy Policy | Terms & Cond Top
Newsroom Advertise News Alerts Weather School Closings (WJAC) My Account Search for: Select Home News Local News Top Stories National News International News Opinions Features Business News Election Marcellus Shale Health News Partner News Sports Local Sports National Sports PSU Sports News Spikes Obituaries Crime A & E Events Taste of Home Contest Classifieds Shop Weekly Circulars Grocery Coupons Gift Cards & More Half Off Deals Celebrations Celebrations Submission Clearfield-Lawrence Consolidation Home / News / Business News / Just look at what Hillary Clinton’s doing to health-care … stocks Just look at what Hillary Clinton’s doing to health-care … stocks Posted on Wednesday, October 12, 2016 by CNN in Business News Looking for another sign that Hillary Clinton appears to have momentum over Donald Trump in the U.S presidential race? Check out healthcare stocks, specifically big drugmakers and biotechs. Clinton has promised to tackle the problem of high drug prices numerous times on the campaign trail — in speeches and in a series of tweets. And pharmaceutical companies have typically taken a hit following her tough talk. The recent controversy surrounding rising prices for the EpiPen allergy medication in late August has brought the issue of drug prices back to the forefront. Clinton attacked EpiPen maker Mylan in a tweet, saying there was “no justification” for the price hikes. The iShares U.S. Pharmaceuticals exchange-traded fund, which includes Johnson & Johnson, Pfizer, Merck and Mylan as top holdings, is down more than 5% since that tweet. Meanwhile, the iShares Nasdaq Biotechnology ETF, which owns Biogen, Gilead Sciences and Amgen, has plunged 7% in the past month and a half. The EpiPen tweet echoes another one by Clinton from September 2015, when Martin Shkreli became a household name for the more than 5,000% price increase of the HIV and malaria treatment Daraprim by his company Turing Pharmaceuticals. Clinton called that price hike “outrageous.” Biotech stocks (and Shkreli) wound up getting taken to the woodshed as a result. The sell-off in healthcare stocks is one of several market indicators that appear to be pointing to a victory over Trump next month. CNNMoney is also tracking the prices of gold and gasoline, as well as the value of the Mexican peso, to try and gauge what investors are thinking about the election. But should drug stock investors really be that nervous about a Hillary Clinton presidency? After all, many investors were initially scared about the impact that President Obama’s signature Affordable Care Act, aka Obamacare, would have on the sector. However, leading health insurer UnitedHealth has soared more than 300% since the law went into effect in March 2010. The Health Care Select Sector SPDR ETF, which includes top drug, biotech, medical equipment and insurers, is up nearly 120% too. That’s better than the overall market. So Obamacare didn’t exactly kill the industry. Along those lines, Martin Small, the head of U.S. ETFs for BlackRock-owned iShares, wrote in a recent report that the dip in healthcare ETFs lately may be an overreaction. “The sector appears to be taking a ‘breather’ during the uncertainties of the U.S. election season,” Small wrote. Still, investors may be growing worried about the possibility of Democrats winning control of at least one, if not both, of the two chambers of Congress now that Trump’s campaign seems to be going off the rails (on a crazy train?) The likelihood of major legislation that could hurt the big drugmakers and biotechs is higher if Democrats control the White House and legislative branch. It’s still not clear if the turmoil in the GOP will actually lead to a Democratic sweep next month though. And even if it does, experts point to an increased appetite for healthcare mergers as another reason why the industry could continue to thrive. Pfizer announced earlier this year it was scooping up cancer drugmaker Medivation, while Abbott Labs is buying medical equipment giant St. Jude. Disclosure: The reporter or this story owns shares of Abbott as well as its spinoff AbbVie. Clinton's tax plan may not raise as much money as expected Is Hillary Clinton bad news for drug stocks? Related Posts DCED: New Solar Energy Investments Reclaim Blighted Properties, Strengthen Pennsylvania’s Green Economy More cracks are showing up in America’s economy Donald Trump gets cut off on ‘Morning Joe’ Supreme Court orders Backpage.com to comply with sex trafficking investigation Leave a Reply Cancel reply You must be logged in to post a comment. Jobs from Indeed What: Where: jobs by gantdaily.com © 2014 GantDaily.com. All rights reserved. About | Contact | Privacy Policy | Terms & Cond Top
Montag, 14.11.2016 Börsentäglich über 12.000 News von 549 internationalen Medien Indizes Kurs % News 24 h / 7 T Aufrufe 7 Tage Aktien Kurs % News 24 h / 7 T Aufrufe 7 Tage Xetra-Orderbuch Devisen Kurs % Rohstoffe Kurs % Passende Knock-Outs zu Ihrer Suchanfrage (Anzeige) Erweiterte Suche Ad hoc-Mitteilungen Startseite Nachrichten Aktienkurse Fonds Anleihen Derivate Rohstoffe Devisen Watchlist Aufklappen Schliessen Aktien»Nachrichten»MERCK KGAA AKTIE»Polyone, Merck KgaA To Launch IM3D Technology To Create 3D Surface Imagery MERCK KGAA 94,87  Euro -0,64 -0,67 % WKN: 659990  ISIN: DE0006599905 Ticker-Symbol: MRK  Xetra | 11.11.16 | 17:35 Uhr Nachrichten Analysen Kurse Chart Xetra-Orderbuch Aktie: BranchePharma AktienmarktDAX-30 Prime Standard DAX International 100 1-Jahres-Chart 1-Woche-Intraday-Chart Realtime Geld Brief Zeit 94,81 95,32 13.11. 94,80 95,15 11.11. 12.10.2016 | 13:39 (15 Leser) Schrift ändern: (0 Bewertungen) AFX News·Mehr Nachrichten von AFX News Polyone, Merck KgaA To Launch IM3D Technology To Create 3D Surface Imagery BERLIN (dpa-AFX) - PolyOne Corp. (POL), a provider of specialized polymer materials, services and solutions, Wednesday announced that it is collaborating with German drug maker Merck KgaA (MKGAY.PK) to launch IM3D, a new technology enabling manufacturers to realize extraordinary 3D imagery on packaging and consumer electronics. With IM3D technology, manufacturers can create surfaces that appear to have depth and structure, although they are perfectly flat. At present, the 3D impression is created in just a single step during the injection molding process, compared to previous method of several processing steps. The striking effect turns packaging components, such as covers and wrappers, as well as polymer housings into distinctive eye-catchers. The company noted that IM3D decoration technology can be incorporated into standard injection molding machine production lines. The technology is made possible by combining Merck KGaA's expertise in development of pigments with the color concentrate formulation expertise of PolyOne. Michael Heckmeier of Merck KgaA said, 'Our objective in the coming years is to jointly launch additional innovative plastics technologies with pearlescent pigments Copyright RTT News/dpa-AFX © 2016 AFX News Nachrichten zu MERCK KGAA Zeit Aktuelle Nachrichten Fr Morgan Stanley belässt Merck KGaA auf 'Equal-weight' Die US-Investmentbank Morgan Stanley hat die Einstufung für Merck KGaA vor Zahlen auf "Equal-weight" mit einem Kursziel von 103 Euro belassen. Er rechne damit, dass der Umsatz im dritten Quartal... ► Artikel lesen Fr Merck gewinnt R&D 100 Award für führende Innovationen ausgezeichnet -- Sanger Arrayed Lentiviral CRISPR Libraries ausgezeichnet in Kategorie Analyse/Tests Darmstadt (ots/PRNewswire) - Merck (http://www.merckgroup.com/de/index.html), ein führendes Wissenschafts-... ► Artikel lesen Fr Merck KGaA Receives $59.60 Consensus PT from Analysts ► Artikel lesen Fr Merck-Aktie steuert nach US-Wahl wieder auf Allzeithoch zu - Chartanalyse Paris - Merck-Aktie steuert nach US-Wahl wieder auf Allzeithoch zu - Chartanalyse Die Analysten der BNP Paribas nehmen in einer aktuellen Chartanalyse die Aktie des Darmstädter Pharmakonzerns Merck... ► Artikel lesen Fr Merck Wins R&D 100 Award for Top Invention - Sanger Arrayed Lentiviral CRISPR Libraries wins in Analytical/Test category DARMSTADT, Germany, Nov. 11, 2016 /PRNewswire/ -- Merck, a leading science and technology company, received a prestigious... ► Artikel lesen Nachrichten zu POLYONE CORPORATION Zeit Aktuelle Nachrichten Do Research Analysts Issue Forecasts for PolyOne Corp.'s FY2016 Earnings ► Artikel lesen 03.11. GAAP EPS at PolyOne Corp flat at $0.56 in Q3 ► Artikel lesen 01.11. PolyOne Corp. to Post FY2016 Earnings of $2.10 Per Share, Northcoast Research Forecasts ► Artikel lesen 28.10. TheStreet Downgrades PolyOne Corp. to Hold ► Artikel lesen 26.10. PolyOne (POL) Q3 2016 Results - Earnings Call Transcript ► Artikel lesen Firmen im Artikel 1-Woche-Intraday-Chart MERCK KGAA Unternehmen / Aktien Kurs % MERCK KGAA 94,87 -0,67 % POLYONE CORPORATION 28,165 +2,25 % Sie erhalten auf FinanzNachrichten.de kostenlose Realtime-Aktienkurse von  und  mit der Push-Technologie von   Wie bewerten Sie die aktuell angezeigte Seite?sehr gut1 23456schlechtProblem melden Google+ Seite Nachrichten • Aktienkurse • DAX • Xetra-Orderbuch • Watchlist Ad hoc-Mitteilungen • Nachrichten Börsen • Aktien-Empfehlungen Branchen • Medien • Nachrichten-Archiv Impressum | AGB | Disclaimer • Presse • Mediadaten RSS-News von FinanzNachrichten.de kostenlos für Ihren Browser und Ihre Homepage
About Us Contact Us Help user name password Client login:    First time user sign up Forgot your login info? Website Directory     Submit Website Search All categoriesAdvertising  GeneralAerospace  GeneralAgriculture  GeneralAirlines  GeneralAmerica - Post 9/11  GeneralApparel  GeneralApple Products  GeneralArchitectural  GeneralArchitecture  ArchitectureArt & Entertainments  Books  Celebrities  Country Music  Dance  Magazines  Movies  Museums  Music  Music Downloads  News & Talk Shows  Performing Arts  Photography  Television  Web SitesArts/Culture  GeneralAuction  GeneralAutomotive  Aftermarket  Classic Autos  Consumer Publications  General  Motorcycle & Bike  Racing  Recreational Vehicle  Repair & Service  Trade PublicationsBlogging & Social Media  Blogging & Social MediaBusiness  Advertising / Marketing  Books  Consumer Research  Direct Marketing  e-Commerce  Entrepreneurs  Finance  Franchise  Human Resources  Insurance  Investment  Management  Markets  Network Marketing  Online Marketing / SEO  Payday Loans  Public Relations  Publications  Real Estate  Retail  Stocks  Supermarkets  Women in BusinessCareers/HR  GeneralChemical  GeneralCoaching / Mentoring  Coaching / MentoringComputers  Apple Products  Databases  Games & Entertainment  General  Hosting  Instruction  Linux / GNU "Open Source"  Macintosh  Microsoft Windows PC  Operating Systems  Programming  Security  Software  Tablet PCs  UtilitiesConstruction  GeneralConsumer  Gifts and Collectibles  Hobbies  Web sites / InternetDesign  Graphic Design  Industrial  WebE-Cigarette  GeneraleCommerce  GeneralEconomy  GeneralEducation  College / University  General  Home Schooling  K-12  Post Graduate  TechnicalElectronics  GeneralEmail Marketing  GeneralEmailWire Press Releases  Press Release TipsEmployment/Careers  GeneralEngineering  GeneralEntertainment  GeneralEnvironment  GeneralEvents / Trade Shows  GeneralFinance  GeneralFood  GeneralFranchise  GeneralFraud / Identity Theft  GeneralGaming  GeneralGovernment  General  Judicial  Law Enforcement  Legislative  Local  National  Public Services  Security  State  TransportationHealthcare  GeneralHome and Family  Banking / Personal Finance  Bereavement / Loss  Home Furnishings / Interiors  Landscaping & Gardening  Marriage / Relationships  Money  Parenting  Payday Loans  Pets  Taxes  Wedding / BridalHome Schooling  GeneralHotels/Resorts  GeneralHousehold  GeneralIndustry  Aerospace / Defense  Agriculture  Apparel / Textiles  Broadcast  Construction / Building  Electrical  Food  Funeral  Healthcare  Leisure / Hospitality  Logistics / Shipping  Manufacturing / Production  Mining / Metals  Oil / Energy  Paper / Forest Products  Plumbing, Heating & AC  Print Media  Printing  Publishing  Radio  Restaurants  Tobacco  ToyInsurance  GeneralInternet/Online  GeneralLegal  GeneralLeisure  GeneralLifestyle  Beauty  Dating / Singles  Diet / Weight Loss  Fashion  Food / Beverage  Health & Fitness  Hotel / Resorts  Pastimes  Restaurants  Retirement  Travel & TourismMachinery  GeneralMaritime  GeneralMedical  Addiction  Allergies  Alternative Medicine  Asthma  Cancer  Cardiology  Chiropractic  Dental  Dermatology  Diabetes  Emergency  Family Medicine  General  General  Geriatrics  Hospitals  Infectious Diseases  Internal Medicine  Managed Care / HMO  Medical Products  Mental Health  Neurology  Nursing  Nutrition  OB / GYN  Pediatrics  Pharmaceuticals  Physical Therapy  Plastic Surgery  Psychology  Radiology / Imaging  Research  Sports Medicine  Surgery  VisionMilitary  GeneralMining/Metals  GeneralMiscellaneous  GeneralNanotechnology  NanotechnologyNon-profit  GeneralOccupational Safety  Occupational SafetyOil/Energy  GeneralOpinion / Editorial  Opinion / EditorialPaper Products  GeneralPaper/Forest  GeneralPharmaceuticals  GeneralPodcasting  Announce  Tools and ServicesPolitics  PoliticsPrint Media  GeneralPublic Utilities  Public UtilitiesPublishing  GeneralRadio  GeneralReal Estate  GeneralReligion  Christian  General  Islam  Jewish  OtherRestaurants  GeneralRetail  GeneralRSS & Content Syndication  RSS & Content SyndicationScience and Research  Science and ResearchSelf-Help / Personal Growth  Self-Help / Personal GrowthShipbuilding  GeneralSociety  African American Interests  Asian Interests  Childrens Issues  Disabled Issues / Disabilities  Gay / Lesbian  Hispanic  Mens Interests  Native American  Senior Citizens  Social Services  Teen Issues/Interests  Womens InterestSoftware  GeneralSports  Baseball  Basketball  Bicycling  Boating / Maritime  Bowling  Boxing  Fishing  Football  Golf  Hockey  Hunting  Martial Arts  Outdoors  Rugby  Soccer  Tennis  Water  Winter/SnowSports/Fitness  GeneralStocks  GeneralSupermarkets  GeneralTechnology  Biotechnology  Computer  Electronics  Enterprise Software  Games  Graphics/Printing/CAD  Hardware / Peripherals  Industrial  Information  Internet  Multimedia  Networking  Public Sector/Government  Robotics  Semiconductor  Software  Telecommunications  WebmastersTelecom  General  WirelessTelevision  GeneralTobacco  GeneralTrade  GeneralTransportation  GeneralTravel  GeneralUtilities  GeneralVolunteer  VolunteerWeather  Weather Home > News By Company > ReportsWeb.com Tweet   Metabolic Disorders Therapeutics Market To Grow At A CAGR Of 4.62% During The Period 2016-2020 ReportsWeb.com published Metabolic Disorders Therapeutics Market from its database. The report covers the market landscape and its growth prospects over the coming years. The report also includes a discussion of the key vendors operating in this market. (EMAILWIRE.COM, October 12, 2016 ) Metabolic disorders occur as a result of disruption of chemical processes and conversions occurring in the cells and fluids of the body. This is mainly because of defects in the enzyme; all process in the body are controlled by enzymes. Any disruption in the pathways involved in the development and metabolism of carbohydrates, proteins, fats, and nucleic acids, results in the development of metabolic disorders. Publisher's analysts forecast the global metabolic disorders therapeutics market to grow at a CAGR of 4.62% during the period 2016-2020. For more information about this report: http://www.reportsweb.com/global-metabolic-disorders-therapeutics-market-2016-2020 Covered in this report The report covers the present scenario and the growth prospects of the global metabolic disorders therapeutics market for 2016-2020. To calculate the market size, the report considers the revenue generated from the sales of branded, generic, and off-label drugs used for the treatment of various metabolic disorders including diabetes, obesity, lysosomal storage diseases, and hypercholesterolemia. The market is divided into the following segments based on geography: -Americas -APAC -EMEA Publisher's report, Global Metabolic Disorders Therapeutics Market 2016-2020, has been prepared based on an in-depth market analysis with inputs from industry experts. The report covers the market landscape and its growth prospects over the coming years. The report also includes a discussion of the key vendors operating in this market. Key vendors -Novo Nordisk -Sanofi -Merck -AstraZeneca -Eli Lilly Request Sample Copy at http://www.reportsweb.com/inquiry&RW0001420943/sample Other prominent vendors -AbbVie -Actelion Pharmaceuticals -Adocia -Aegerion Pharmaceuticals -Akros Pharma -Alnylam Pharmaceuticals -Amarin -nAmgen -Amicus Therapeutics -Arbutus Biopharma -Arena Pharmaceuticals -Astellas Pharma -Atheronova -Aurobindo Pharma -Baxalta -Belrose Pharma -BHV Pharma -Biocon -Biodel -BioMarin -Bionaturis -Biosidus -Biospherics -Boehringer Ingelheim -Bristol-Myers Squibb -Catabasis Pharmaceuticals -Cerenis Therapeutics -Chipscreen Biosciences -Cipla -CJ HealthCare -CKD Bio -Concord Biotech -ConjuChem -CureDm -CymaBay Therapeutics -Daewoong -Daiichi Sankyo -Dance Biopharm -DiaMedica -Diamyd Therapeutics -Diasome Pharmaceuticals -DiaVacs -Dong-A ST -Eisai -Elcelyx Therapeutics -Esperion Therapeutics -Exsulin -F. Hoffmann-La Roche -Gan & Lee Pharmaceuticals -Generex Biotechnology -Genfit -GlaxoSmithKline -HanAll BioPharma -Hanmi Pharmaceutical Company -Hua Medicine -Iltoo Pharma -Intarcia Therapeutics -InteKrin Therapeutics -Intrexon -Ionis Pharmaceuticals -Islet Sciences -ISU Abxis -Janssen Pharmaceuticals -Japan Tobacco -JCR Pharmaceuticals -JW Pharmaceuticals -Kadmon Pharmaceuticals -Kamada -KinDex Pharmaceuticals -Kissei -Kotobuki -Kowa Company -Laboratoires SMB -Lexicon Pharmaceuticals -Ligand Pharmaceuticals -Living Cell Technologies -Livzon -LIXTE Biotechnology -Lupin -MacroGenics -Madrigal Pharmaceuticals -MannKind -MedImmune -Melior Pharmaceuticals -Merrion Pharmaceuticals -Merz Pharmaceuticals -Metabolic Solutions Development Company -Mitsubishi Tanabe Pharma -Mylan -Neothetics -Neuraltus Pharmaceuticals -NGM Biopharmaceuticals -NGM Biopharmaceuticals -Norgine BV -Novartis -NuSirt Biopharma -Oramed -Orexigen Therapeutics -Osiris Therapeutics -Peptron -Perle Biosciences -Pfizer -PhaseBio Pharmaceuticals -Poxel -Protalix Biotherapeutics -Raptor -Recordati -Regeneron Pharmaceuticals -Regeneron Pharmaceuticals -REGiMMUNE -Rhythm Pharmaceuticals -Saniona -Santaris Pharma -Santaris Pharma -Serometrix -Shionogi -Shire -Sigma-Tau -Sirona Biochem -Strongbridge Biopharma -SUN Pharma -Takeda -Teva -Thera technologies -Theracos -Toleranzia -Tolerion -Torrent Pharmaceuticals -Transition Therapeutics -UCB -Utrecht Holdings -VeroScience -Vivus -vTv Therapeutics -XBiotech -Xeris Pharmaceuticals -XOMA -Zafgen -Zydus Cadila Inquire for Report at http://www.reportsweb.com/inquiry&RW0001420943/buying Contact Information: ReportsWeb.com Priya Sisodia Tel: +1-646-491-9876 Email us This is a press release. Press release distribution and press release services by EmailWire.Com: http://www.emailwire.com/us-press-release-distribution.php. 
   Search All categoriesAdvertising  GeneralAerospace  GeneralAgriculture  GeneralAirlines  GeneralAmerica - Post 9/11  GeneralApparel  GeneralApple Products  GeneralArchitectural  GeneralArchitecture  ArchitectureArt & Entertainments  Books  Celebrities  Country Music  Dance  Magazines  Movies  Museums  Music  Music Downloads  News & Talk Shows  Performing Arts  Photography  Television  Web SitesArts/Culture  GeneralAuction  GeneralAutomotive  Aftermarket  Classic Autos  Consumer Publications  General  Motorcycle & Bike  Racing  Recreational Vehicle  Repair & Service  Trade PublicationsBlogging & Social Media  Blogging & Social MediaBusiness  Advertising / Marketing  Books  Consumer Research  Direct Marketing  e-Commerce  Entrepreneurs  Finance  Franchise  Human Resources  Insurance  Investment  Management  Markets  Network Marketing  Online Marketing / SEO  Payday Loans  Public Relations  Publications  Real Estate  Retail  Stocks  Supermarkets  Women in BusinessCareers/HR  GeneralChemical  GeneralCoaching / Mentoring  Coaching / MentoringComputers  Apple Products  Databases  Games & Entertainment  General  Hosting  Instruction  Linux / GNU "Open Source"  Macintosh  Microsoft Windows PC  Operating Systems  Programming  Security  Software  Tablet PCs  UtilitiesConstruction  GeneralConsumer  Gifts and Collectibles  Hobbies  Web sites / InternetDesign  Graphic Design  Industrial  WebE-Cigarette  GeneraleCommerce  GeneralEconomy  GeneralEducation  College / University  General  Home Schooling  K-12  Post Graduate  TechnicalElectronics  GeneralEmail Marketing  GeneralEmailWire Press Releases  Press Release TipsEmployment/Careers  GeneralEngineering  GeneralEntertainment  GeneralEnvironment  GeneralEvents / Trade Shows  GeneralFinance  GeneralFood  GeneralFranchise  GeneralFraud / Identity Theft  GeneralGaming  GeneralGovernment  General  Judicial  Law Enforcement  Legislative  Local  National  Public Services  Security  State  TransportationHealthcare  GeneralHome and Family  Banking / Personal Finance  Bereavement / Loss  Home Furnishings / Interiors  Landscaping & Gardening  Marriage / Relationships  Money  Parenting  Payday Loans  Pets  Taxes  Wedding / BridalHome Schooling  GeneralHotels/Resorts  GeneralHousehold  GeneralIndustry  Aerospace / Defense  Agriculture  Apparel / Textiles  Broadcast  Construction / Building  Electrical  Food  Funeral  Healthcare  Leisure / Hospitality  Logistics / Shipping  Manufacturing / Production  Mining / Metals  Oil / Energy  Paper / Forest Products  Plumbing, Heating & AC  Print Media  Printing  Publishing  Radio  Restaurants  Tobacco  ToyInsurance  GeneralInternet/Online  GeneralLegal  GeneralLeisure  GeneralLifestyle  Beauty  Dating / Singles  Diet / Weight Loss  Fashion  Food / Beverage  Health & Fitness  Hotel / Resorts  Pastimes  Restaurants  Retirement  Travel & TourismMachinery  GeneralMaritime  GeneralMedical  Addiction  Allergies  Alternative Medicine  Asthma  Cancer  Cardiology  Chiropractic  Dental  Dermatology  Diabetes  Emergency  Family Medicine  General  General  Geriatrics  Hospitals  Infectious Diseases  Internal Medicine  Managed Care / HMO  Medical Products  Mental Health  Neurology  Nursing  Nutrition  OB / GYN  Pediatrics  Pharmaceuticals  Physical Therapy  Plastic Surgery  Psychology  Radiology / Imaging  Research  Sports Medicine  Surgery  VisionMilitary  GeneralMining/Metals  GeneralMiscellaneous  GeneralNanotechnology  NanotechnologyNon-profit  GeneralOccupational Safety  Occupational SafetyOil/Energy  GeneralOpinion / Editorial  Opinion / EditorialPaper Products  GeneralPaper/Forest  GeneralPharmaceuticals  GeneralPodcasting  Announce  Tools and ServicesPolitics  PoliticsPrint Media  GeneralPublic Utilities  Public UtilitiesPublishing  GeneralRadio  GeneralReal Estate  GeneralReligion  Christian  General  Islam  Jewish  OtherRestaurants  GeneralRetail  GeneralRSS & Content Syndication  RSS & Content SyndicationScience and Research  Science and ResearchSelf-Help / Personal Growth  Self-Help / Personal GrowthShipbuilding  GeneralSociety  African American Interests  Asian Interests  Childrens Issues  Disabled Issues / Disabilities  Gay / Lesbian  Hispanic  Mens Interests  Native American  Senior Citizens  Social Services  Teen Issues/Interests  Womens InterestSoftware  GeneralSports  Baseball  Basketball  Bicycling  Boating / Maritime  Bowling  Boxing  Fishing  Football  Golf  Hockey  Hunting  Martial Arts  Outdoors  Rugby  Soccer  Tennis  Water  Winter/SnowSports/Fitness  GeneralStocks  GeneralSupermarkets  GeneralTechnology  Biotechnology  Computer  Electronics  Enterprise Software  Games  Graphics/Printing/CAD  Hardware / Peripherals  Industrial  Information  Internet  Multimedia  Networking  Public Sector/Government  Robotics  Semiconductor  Software  Telecommunications  WebmastersTelecom  General  WirelessTelevision  GeneralTobacco  GeneralTrade  GeneralTransportation  GeneralTravel  GeneralUtilities  GeneralVolunteer  VolunteerWeather  Weather Advertising | How to contact us | Privacy Statement | EmailWire Press Releases | Partnership Opportunities EmailWire is a press release distribution service of GroupWeb Media LLC. © Copyright GroupWeb Media LLC 2016
Menu Stocks Stocks to Buy Stocks to Sell Dividend Stocks Penny Stocks Hot Stocks Stock Market Today Funds Mutual Funds ETF Investing 401k & Investing Tips Retirement Financial Advisor Center Trading Trading Advice Trade of the Day Trading Report How to Trade Options Market Insight IPO Playbook Gadgets, Smartphones & Tech Weird Street InvestorPolitics Financial Advisors Premium Services Stocks to Buy Stocks to Sell Dividend Stocks Penny Stocks Hot Stocks Stock Market Today Hot Topics AAPL FB Best Stocks for 2016 Trade of the Day Dependable Dividends Best ETFs More Home > Stock Picks > Stocks to Buy > Gilead Sciences, Inc. Is More Than an HCV Play (GILD) Investors have some tough choices to make in Gilead stock By James Brumley, InvestorPlace Feature Writer  |  Oct 12, 2016, 6:13 am EST     View All   Popular Posts: 10 Small-Cap Stocks That Could Double in 2017 10 Stocks to Buy If Donald Trump Becomes President The 10 Best Stocks to Buy for the Rest of 2016 Recent Posts: Why Alexion Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (ALXN), Archer Daniels Midland Company (ADM) and Agnico Eagle Mines Ltd (USA) (AEM) Are 3 of Today’s Worst Stocks GoPro Inc (GPRO) Stock’s Karma Drone Recall Was the Last Straw JCPenney Q3 Earnings Crush JCP Stock, Put Turnaround in Doubt View All Posts A year ago almost to the day, Gilead Sciences, Inc. (NASDAQ:GILD) was riding high. GILD stock was basking in the glow of a 59% gain dished out during the twelve months before that on stabilizing growth in sales of its hepatitis C drugs Sovaldi and Harvoni. Source: Gilead Sciences What a difference a year makes. Already down 30% year-to-date before today, on Tuesday, Gilead stock hit a new 52-week low on doubts about the company’s future, and doubts specifically about its once-red-hot hepatitis portfolio that’s increasingly facing lower-cost competition. Not that the concerns aren’t merited, but the sellers appear to have overshot their target by underestimating everything else Gilead Sciences has going for it. Impossible Expectations Calling a spade a spade, there was no way Gilead’s hepatitis therapies Epclusa, Sovaldi and Harvoni were going to maintain list prices of $74,760, $84,000 and $94,500, respectively. If competition wasn’t going to undermine the company’s pricing power, regulatory and economic pressure would. 10 Stocks That Every Investor Should Own As it turns out, competitors have done most of that right-sizing work … competitors like Merck & Co., Inc. (NYSE:MRK) and AbbVie Inc (NYSE:ABBV). Merck recently unveiled hepatitis C treatment Zepatier at a price of only $54,600, and while the HCV-fighting Viekira Pak’s price is on par with Sovaldi’s cost, it’s still able to siphon off some of Gilead’s hepatitis C business. More alternatives have been surfacing, and will continue to do so. It’s a problem for shareholders now, as the bulk of the bullishness seen from Gilead stock since 2012 has been predicated on smashing sales success with its hepatitis portfolio. As it turns out, as big as HCV was supposed to be for Gilead, it’s still got a huge number of other ways to make money. Not Just an HCV Play It’s difficult to recall a time when its hepatitis drugs weren’t the primary reason to own Gilead stock, but don’t forget that Gilead was and still is the HIV/AIDS treatment leader. As of the latest tally, Gilead controls roughly half of the HIV market, and HIV revenue accounts for approximately 40% of Gilead’s total business. That’s less than the 52% of corporate sales driven by its hepatitis products, but not considerably less. The non-HCV pieces of its portfolio can drive sales growth, too. To that end, the approvals of HIV drugs Odefsey and Descovy earlier this year represent an underappreciated growth opportunity for Gilead. Both drugs are TAF-based regimens. TAF, short for tenofovir alafenamide fumarate, works using the same basic principle as other Gilead HIV drugs — namely Truvada and Complera — but without the inherent toxicity of those drugs. TAF can be dosed at about one-tenth the necessary dose of its other HIV medications. However, it’s still going to be a while before it even has a chance of becoming a marketable product, Gilead and R&D partner Galapagos NV (ADR) (NASDAQ:GLPG) recently announced the Crohn’s disease treatment the two were working on showed promising efficacy through its phase 2 trial so far. Perhaps the most compelling reason one would want to step into Gilead stock as it’s well into new 52-week low territory, however, is the $8.7 billion worth of cash it’s sitting on. Next Page   1 2 View All   Article printed from InvestorPlace Media, http://investorplace.com/2016/10/gilead-sciences-inc-gild-stock-cheap-undervalued/. ©2016 InvestorPlace Media, LLC More on InvestorPlace 7 Buys for 7 Donald Trump Fears That Won’t Come True 3 Bank Stocks That Will Gain at Least 50% Thanks to Trump 3 Tech Stocks Getting a Big Cash Payday 7 Blue-Chip Stocks Due for a Reckoning 7 Energy Stocks to Buy and Hold Forever 7 CEOs Heading to the Chopping Block by '18 Comments are currently unavailable. Please check back soon. ADVERTISEMENT ADVERTISEMENT Editor's Picks 3 Bank Stocks That Will Gain at Least 50% Thanks to President Trump 7 Blue-Chip Stocks That Are Due for a Reckoning 3 Tech Stocks That Just Got a Big Cash Payday 7 Top Energy Stocks to Buy and Hold Forever 3 Reasons Apple Inc. (AAPL) Stock Still Is a Great Buy Most Popular Most Commented 16 Best Stocks to Buy Under President Donald Trump 7 Blue-Chip Stocks That Are Due for a Reckoning 7 Top Energy Stocks to Buy and Hold Forever The 7 Best Dividend Stocks to Buy for 2017 3 Stocks That Will Tank Under Donald Trump 3 Bank Stocks That Will Gain at Least 50% Thanks to President Trump The Tech Reversal May Have Legs Trade of the Day: Industrial Select Sector SPDR Fund (NYSEARCA:XLI) General Electric Company (GE) Stock Is an Overpriced Juggernaut GrubHub Inc Stock Falls After CEO’s Anti-Trump Email to Employees Why Tesla Motors Inc (TSLA) Ended the Free Supercharger Ride Poll of the Day View and vote in our How do you think the U.S. economy will do under Donald Trump's presidency? poll Partners ADVERTISEMENT About Us   ·   Press Center   ·   Resources   ·   Advisory Services   ·   Free Newsletters   ·   Free Reports   ·   Contact Us   ·   Advertise With Us   ·   Employment   ·   Privacy   ·   Terms and Conditions   ·   Disclosures and Disclaimers   ·   Media Sites RSS   ·   Sitemap More On InvestorPlace: Choose A Page About Us Press Center Resources Advisory Services Free Newsletters Free Reports Contact Us Advertise With Us Employment Privacy Terms and Conditions Disclosures and Disclaimers Media Sites Sitemap Financial Market Data powered by FinancialContent Services, Inc. All rights reserved. Nasdaq quotes delayed at least 15 minutes, all others at least 20 minutes. Copyright © 2016 InvestorPlace Media, LLC. All rights reserved. 9201 Corporate Blvd, Rockville, MD 20850. Richard Band John Jagerson Hilary Kramer Jon Markman Louis Navellier Bryan Perry Ken Trester Dan Wiener Richard Young Blue Chip Growth Cash Machine GameChangers Independent Adviser for Vanguard Investors Intelligence Report Maximum Options Profitable Investing SlingShot Trader Trader’s Advantage Active Trading Income Investing Growth Investing Mutual Funds & ETFs Value Hunters Options Trading
MarketWatch Markets Stream Days Active Updates 1684 55724 Share Tweet   Markets Stream gives you a single place to follow live updates of markets moves and commentary, plus relevant insight from the web and social media. Here’s how it works. (Photo: Getty Images) Copyright ©2012 Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All Right Reserved ACAP ENABLED Last Updated: September 1, 9:30 AM Load More Select Content All Cancel Apply
BR America       中文       Deutsch       Français       日本語       ChinAfrica Search      Subscribe Home      Nation      World      Business      Opinion      Lifestyle      Multimedia      Documents      Special Reports      Africa Travel Nation Battling Cancer Young women on the Chinese mainland will gain access to HPV vaccine By Cui Xiaoqin | NO. 40-41 OCTOBER 6   The China Women's Development Foundation launches a health program for women and newborn infants in Beijing on May 5 (XINHUA) Landing in Hong Kong after a three-hour flight from Beijing last November, Liu Ran rushed over to the Dr. Vio & Partners Hospital. It was her third visit in six months. Sitting in the waiting room, travel-weary Liu along with several friends, also from the Chinese mainland, were ready to receive their next human papillomavirus (HPV) vaccine. The virus has been found to be the main cause of cervical cancer. Soon, however, young women on the Chinese mainland will not have to travel to Hong Kong anymore for the vaccine. British company GlaxoSmithKline (GSK) announced on July 18 that its HPV vaccine Cervarix has obtained marketing authorization from the China Food and Drug Administration, becoming the first approved HPV vaccine on the Chinese mainland. The vaccine, expected to reach the market early next year, will help prevent cervical cancer in young females aged 9 to 25. A long wait In 2006, Gardasil, the world's first HPV vaccine produced by Merck Sharp & Dohme (MSD), was approved by the U.S. Government. Since then Gardasil has been used in more than 100 countries and regions around the world. But on the Chinese mainland, the HPV vaccine rollout was delayed because of lengthy clinical trials. "Some of my colleagues started to pay attention to HPV vaccines some time ago. Many of them chose to go to Hong Kong for it because they didn't see any possibility that it would be available on the mainland soon," Liu said, "As far as I know, the optimum age for receiving the HPV vaccine is before 25. I'm 26, so I don't have time to wait. I need to safeguard my health as soon as possible." Dr. Wang Shaoming, with the Institute of Oncology of Peking Union Medical College, wrote in a paper published in the international academic journal Vaccine that if the HPV vaccine was given to females aged 9 to 15, the seven-year gap between 2006 and 2012 would mean 59 million Chinese females lost their best chance of access to the vaccine. Among them, 380,000 would likely get cervical cancer and 210,000 would die from the disease if no intervention measure like regular screening is taken. So why did it take so long for the Chinese mainland to approve the HPV vaccine? One important reason is that it has a different drug approval system. Under the Chinese law of drug registration, clinical trials designed for Chinese people are obligatory before a foreign pharmaceutical company can get approval for a new drug. According to China's management procedures for imported drugs, an imported vaccine should undergo domestic clinical trials before it can hit the market. But as it takes much longer for vaccines than other drugs to show effects, GSK's Cervarix, for example, spent six years in a clinical trial involving more than 6,000 subjects.   A doctor advises women having physical checkups at a hospital in Changchun, northeast China's Jilin Province, on March 8, 2014 (XINHUA) Mass demand According to a report released by CA, a cancer journal for clinicians, China showed a rising trend of cancer morbidity and mortality in 2015. Cervical cancer was among the top 10 diseases in terms of morbidity. According to the World Health Organization, cervical cancer is the second most common cancer among women in developing countries. There are around 130,000 new cases every year in China, more than 28 percent of the world's total. The disease also has the highest mortality rate worldwide. "Cervical cancer is currently the only malignant tumor with a definite etiology. It can be gradually eliminated by measures such as HPV vaccines, regular screening and early detection and treatment," said Lang Jinghe, Director of Obstetrics and Gynecology, Peking Union Medical College Hospital, at a conference held in 2014. But the HPV vaccine does not mean 100 percent prevention, because the vaccines currently available in the market do not target all the carcinogenic virus subtypes, said Professor Zhou Qi from Chongqing Cancer Hospital. Regular screening is still necessary even after one receives the vaccine, he said. Remaining doubts "I did a lot of research online to learn about the vaccine's safety and necessity," said Liu. "Before the final decision was made, I hesitated a lot." Her initial trepidation was not unfounded, as the HPV vaccine can cause adverse reactions such as pain, swelling, redness, fever, dizziness, and nausea. Some also worry that a history of 10 years is too short to prove its safety. One well-known case of reaction occurred in 2013, when more than 30 Japanese women experienced body pain after receiving the GSK vaccine. As the pain didn't subside even after treatment, the Japanese Government suspended its recommendation of the two HPV vaccines, but did not ban the vaccines outright. "There is no evidence so far of a causal link between the vaccine and these serious adverse reactions," said Gong Xiaoming, Doctor at Shanghai First Maternity and Infant Hospital. "It might have been accidental." Liu said she had been reading about the adverse reactions right before she left for Hong Kong the first time. "I was a little scared," she admitted. "But I eventually went, because I did not want to waste the money I had paid." As of March 2014, a total of 170 million doses of HPV vaccines had been administered globally. Besides the safety issue, the expensive price is another concern. Each dose of the HPV vaccine costs 850 yuan ($128) and a course consists of three shots. In many places, the vaccines are provided to young girls at the optimum age for free. "I got a discount thanks to a cooperation project between my company and the hospital, but the three shots still cost me $290. And I spent even more on flight tickets and hotels," said Liu. "That's the reason why some people gave it up, especially those above 25—limited efficacy and huge cost." Copyedited by Sudeshna Sarkar Comments to zanjifang@bjreview.com Related: • 18th Beijing Hope Run to Kick Off • Chinese Version of PDQ Launched • Run for Love • Fighting Leukemia • Anticancer Ingredients Found in Herbal Medicines About Us    |    Contact Us    |    Advertise with Us    |    Subscribe Partners: ChinAfrica   |   China.org.cn   |   China Today   |   China Pictorial   |   People's Daily Online   |   Women of China   |   Xinhua News Agency   |   China Daily CCTV   |   China Tibet Online   |   China Radio International   |   Beijing Today   |   gb times   |   China Job.com   |   Eastday   |   CCN Copyright Beijing Review All rights reserved 京ICP备08005356号 京公网安备110102005860号 SHARE Twitter Facebook Google+ WeChat Weibo Email Print Chinese Dictionary:
This website requires Javascript to run correctly. Click here for help enabling it The New Zealand Herald 7:15pm Mon 14 November Network   ° 0 / ° 0   Loading… Help & Support The New Zealand Herald Bay of Plenty Times Hawke's Bay Today The Rotorua Daily Post The Northern Advocate Wanganui Chronicle Manawatu Guardian Kapiti News Hamilton News The Aucklander The Northland Age Stratford Press Herald Rugby Viva Dream Team Bite True Commercial Newspix Driven The Country Chinese NZ Herald nzherald.co.nz submit Navigation Home National National Insights NZ Herald Focus Education Crime Environment Politics Weather Opinion Maori Employment Quizzes Health Local Focus Opinion Opinion Financial Your Views Media Blogs Cartoons Living in NZ Editorial Travel Political Business Business Personal Finance Small Business Work Life Around NZ Our Experts Economy Deloitte 200 Industries Toolbox Property Tech Tech ICT News Internet Science Computers Wired Mobile Space Gadgets Innovation World World South America Videos Europe Climate Middle East Australia Africa Pacific Disasters Asia Strange but True USA Photos Sport Sport Tennis Rugby Golf Cricket Motorsport League Racing Football More Sport Netball Live Scores Basketball Dream Team Entertainment Entertainment Music Spy Games Celebrity Culture Reviews What's on Video Sideswipe TV Puzzles Movies Horoscope Lifestyle Lifestyle Parenting Health & Wellbeing Design & Garden Food & Drink Viva Fashion & Beauty Canvas Relationships Pets & Animals Travel Travel International New Zealand Cruises NZ Walks Tips Australia Accommodation Pacific Discover America Rural Motoring Motoring Driven Property Property Residential Property Herald Homes True Commercial Classifieds Classifieds Public Notices True Commercial Businesses for Sale Motoring Sub Navigation Business Small Business Around NZ Economy Global Trade Retail Trade Industries Property Property News Businesses for Sale Herald Commercial Property Personal Finance Work Life Our Experts Deloitte 200 Toolbox Note 7 to 'nipplegate' - 10 PR disasters 10:28 AM Wednesday Oct 12, 2016 Add a comment SHARE: Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Not saved Email Print Advertising Marketing Samsung Group Telecommunications PR disasters can strike a corporation at any time. Photo / AP Samsung's faulty Galaxy Note 7 may be causing headaches for the company but it's not the first time - and it won't be the last - that a brand finds itself in a PR nightmare. We take a look at ten of the top PR disasters. Bridgestone tire debacle In 1988, Bridgestone tires began receiving complaints about tire treads separating resulting in accidents. In 2000, they announced a recall of 6.5 million tires after a large-scale investigation in the US. "Touch of Yoghurt" shampoo Beauty and hygiene companies have begun incorporating natural food ingredients into products over the years with Clairol creating the Touch of Yoghurt shampoo. Many consumers became confused however and tried to eat the shampoo with several becoming quite sick. Financial benefit to smoking American tobacco giant Philip Morris released the results of a study it had conducted attempting to prove that smoking was financially beneficial for the government. In its study, the company said money was saved in health-care, pension and public housing costs, "due to the early deaths of smokers". This didn't go down too well and the company canned further studies on the subject. Fashion faux pas Clothing brand Abercrombie & Fitch came under fire in 2002 for releasing a line of t-shirts depicting caricatures of Asian stereotypes. When asked about it, the company said, "We personally thought Asians would love this T-shirt". This was followed up a month later with the release of racy g-strings in childrens' sizes aimed at girls aged 10-14. Racist boardgame "Get rich by buying stolen properties, pimpin' hoes, building crack houses and getting car jacked!" - lines from Urban Outfitters 2003 Ghettopoly game, a twist on traditional monopoly. Customers were quick to complain about what they said was a racist board game and inappropriate with cards such as "You got yo whole neighborhood addicted to crack. Collect $50". Problem painkillers Pharmaceutical giant Merck faced hundreds of lawsuits in 2004 after it continued to sell painkiller Vioxx even though preliminary studies suggested it posed a potential heart health risk. The product was recalled but the business came under fire after reports that it knew about the risk and continued to promote the drug. In 2009, Merck finally settled litigation for a reported US$80 million. Cartoon Network causes bomb scare In 2007 to promote its latest show "Aqua Teen Hunger Force", television channel Cartoon Network placed light up signs in random public places. Unfortunately members of the public thought the devices were bombs, and police were inundated with phone calls. Bomb squads were deployed, and parts of the subway system were shut down for a period of time. The head of Cartoon Network eventually resigned over the incident. Bailout money for corporate retreat Insurance company AIG received $85 billion in government bailout money in 2008 after hitting financial issues. Just a week later however, the company spent a reported just under half a million on a corporate retreat at the St. Regis in California, prompting condemnation from the White House. Deadly Pinto The Ford Pinto tops the list for many as one of the worst cars produced after it was revealed it had a tendency to erupt in flames in rear-end collisions. The company eventually issued a recall of 1.5 million of the cars, however not before it caused an estimated 180 deaths. "Nipplegate" Janet Jackson's famous wardrobe malfunction at the 2004 Super Bowl resulted in 540,000 complaints from viewers and a fine of $550,000 for network CBS. Since the event, often referred to as "Nipplegate", networks have implemented tape delays to live broadcasts and imposed stricter regulation on halftime shows. - NZ Herald Email Print Get the news delivered straight to your inbox Receive the day’s news, sport and entertainment in our daily email newsletter SIGN UP NOW Have your say 1200 characters left By and large our readers' comments are respectful and courteous. We're sure you'll fit in well. View commenting guidelines. Post comment to Facebook Comment posted Thank you for sharing your views. Your comment has been received, you need to verify your registration before the comment can be moderated Please check your inbox and click the verification link to complete the registration. Once you login, you can post further comments and view comments made in your profile. There may be a delay before it appears on the site due to high volumes and comment moderation on some articles; however we endeavour to post all your views, within reason, so please check back later Continue posting to Facebook Post another comment Comment posted Thank you for sharing your views. Your comment has been received. There may be a delay before it appears on the site due to high volumes and comment moderation on some articles; however we endeavour to post all your views, within reason, so please check back later Continue posting to Facebook Post another comment Loading Currency Compare and convert world currencies. Discover more Loading Loading Herald Services Book your ad Driven Photos for sale True Commercial Death Notices Public Notices Our Regional News Stories The Northern Advocate Haka support for Sioux protest More than 150 people turned out last night for a haka in solidarity with a group of indigenous… Hawke's Bay Today Clive Bibby: Politicians need to do what they promise Most of the writers of opinion pieces expressing horror at the outcome of the US elections… Bay of Plenty Times Tommy Kapai: Can we right our wrongs? How could we have got it so wrong? The pollsters and the politicians, the analysts… Our Features' Top Stories Driven F1: Veteran Massa's final home-crowd farewell Formula One veteran Felipe Massa enjoys an emotional goodbye from Brazilian Grand Prix… Viva Give peas a chance with these 8 recipes Tiny and full of goodness: try these recipes containing delicious peas True Commercial RECENT DEALS for November 12 Recent Deals More from us Social and Platforms Facebook Twitter Google+ Youtube Instagram RSS Email Mobile Contact the site Contact the newsroom - newspaper Contact the newsroom - digital Send pics, video and tips Help & Support Feedback Advertising Advertise with NZME. Print advertising Online Classified advertising Other Photo sales Subscriber services Promotions Sponsorship About us Our publications Search Legal Privacy Policy Terms of Use Competition Terms & Conditions View on our: Mobile Site © Copyright 2016, NZME. Publishing Limited Assembled by: (static) on production bpcf05 at 14 Nov 2016 19:16:24 Processing Time: 15ms
This web site uses cookies to improve your experience. By viewing our content, you are accepting the use of cookies. To find out more and change your cookie settings, please view our cookie policy. Edition: Asia Australia Europe India United Kingdom United States ZDNet around the globe: ZDNet Belgium ZDNet China ZDNet France ZDNet Germany ZDNet Korea ZDNet Japan Go Videos Smart City Windows 10 Cloud Innovation Security Apple more Data Centers Mobility IoT Enterprise Software Hardware AI, Automation, and Tech Jobs See All Topics White Papers Downloads Reviews Galleries Videos Newsletters All Writers Log In to ZDNET Join ZDNet About ZDNet Manage Profile Newsletters Author Alerts Discussion Alerts Recent Activity Log Out Go Menu Videos Smart City Windows 10 Cloud Innovation Security Apple Data Centers Mobility IoT Enterprise Software Hardware AI, Automation, and Tech Jobs See All Topics White Papers Downloads Reviews Galleries Videos Log In to ZDNET Join ZDNet About ZDNet Manage Profile Newsletters Author Alerts Discussion Alerts Recent Activity Log Out us Asia Australia Europe India United Kingdom United States ZDNet around the globe: ZDNet Belgium ZDNet China ZDNet France ZDNet Germany ZDNet Korea ZDNet Japan ​Samsung's Galaxy Note 7 fallout: From availability to dead in less than 8 weeks Samsung's decision to shelve the Galaxy Note 7 forever won't rank historically as other recalls from the likes of Merck, Johnson & Johnson and Toyota, but the fallout will be significant. By Larry Dignan for Between the Lines | October 11, 2016 -- 11:42 GMT (04:42 PDT) | Topic: Innovation Now the Samsung Galaxy Note 7 could become a collector's item--albeit one that's a bit dangerous. The Samsung Galaxy Note 7 is dead after less than 8 weeks from initial availability. Now it's time for the repercussions. Samsung had what appeared to be the perfect business-meets-personal device in the Galaxy Note 7. The reviews were strong, the device was sleek and it appeared that Samsung had one-upped Apple's iPhone 7, which was supposed to be an incremental upgrade. more galaxy note 7 Galaxy Note 8 is planned, Korean Note 7 buyers will get it half price ​Samsung ends Galaxy Note 7 production and sales, for good Exploding batteries: A serious charge Banned from all airline flights in US The fallout: From availability to dead in less than 8 weeks Will Note 7 failure kill Android? Here are some Note 7 alternatives Galaxy Note 7: The return process Owners are still using recalled Note 7 devices And then batteries started fires. Samsung moved quickly with a recall that had its issues and replaced devices. Then those replacement devices started catching fire too. Production ends abruptly. It's rare that a company conducts a recall and then the fix is just as faulty. Now the Samsung Galaxy Note 7 could become a collector's item--albeit one that's a bit dangerous. What remains to be seen is how Samsung's brand is hit in the long-run. Make no mistake that there's a lot riding on the Samsung brand. Consider: The Galaxy Note 7 was a flagship device that unified Samsung's high-end smartphones. Samsung's Galaxy Note 7 was a device that carried the innovation flag for the company. Sure, semiconductors and displays also scream innovation for Samsung, but components aren't as personal as smartphones. The company has a budding business-to-business unit that would have benefited from the Galaxy Note 7. And Samsung's handling of the recall, return and then ultimate end of the Note 7 raises many questions about the company. That handling could impact all of Samsung's product lines in the home. Initially, there's no need to panic. Toyota (faulty pedals), Takata (air bags), Merck (Vioxx), Johnson & Johnson (Tylenol) and many other companies have all had massive product recalls and recovered. The fact that the Galaxy Note 7's product cycle went a bit more than 7 weeks indicates that the damage could be limited. Macquarie analyst Daniel Kim said in a research note: The prolonged negative publicity does not help Samsung brand value. However, as long as this is a fleeting issue and can be fixed in the coming Galaxy S8 phone. That view may be optimistic. Here's the rub. The Galaxy S8 is going to suffer some fallout. There will inevitably be a punch line or two. And a Galaxy Note 8 will face intense scrutiny. Battery jokes will persist. Here's a look at the fallout: Samsung's brand as an engineering and device innovator takes a hit. There's no way around the fact that Samsung rushed the Galaxy Note 7 out too quickly. The company needs a full investigation and post mortem about what went wrong. Controls need to be revamped. And Samsung has to conduct and publish its internal investigation publicly and transparently. Google could become a high-end hardware maker. Google launched its latest smartphone with the Pixel and Pixel XL last week and outlined a series of innovations that are interesting. The problem for tech buyers is that the price is high for the Pixel. However, Samsung may cede that premium price point position and Google could grab it. Google's hardware event: First peek at Pixel... SEE FULL GALLERY 1 - 5 of 39 NEXT PREV Apple gains. The iPhone 7 is an opening act for the 10th anniversary device next year, but Apple has solidified its reputation for quality at Samsung's expense. The Android ecosystem heads to the bottom. Samsung is the strongest hardware player in the Android ecosystem. Samsung's issues with the Galaxy Note 7 will entice a bevy of lower-end rivals to move up market. There's a reason that Google is taking its own hardware fate into its hands--the Android hardware field has a lot of questions. See: Made in China: Four horsemen of the iPhone apocalypse. Samsung takes a big financial hit. From development to dud to dead Samsung will lose a lot of money on the Galaxy Note 7. Some of the technologies such as iris scanning will live on, but the development of the Galaxy Note 7 will deliver no returns. Samsung has its component businesses that carry the company, but the costs are going to be high. Now the Samsung Galaxy Note 7 is dead, here... SEE FULL GALLERY 1 - 5 of 6 NEXT PREV Join Discussion Powered by Livefyre Add your Comment Related Stories Innovation ​Licences go digital in New South Wales Innovation Artificial skin improves home care robots Artificial Intelligence ​How an Indian firm predicted a Trump victory when every American pollster got it wrong Artificial Intelligence Google Soli: Palm-sized radar could rev up checkouts by telling apples from oranges Newsletters You have been successfully signed up. To sign up for more newsletters or to manage your account, visit the Newsletter Subscription Center. Subscription failed. See All See All ZDNet Connect with us © 2016 CBS Interactive. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | Cookies | Ad Choice | Advertise | Terms of Use | Mobile User Agreement Visit other CBS Interactive sites: Select SiteCBS CaresCBS FilmsCBS RadioCBS.comCBSInteractiveCBSNews.comCBSSports.comChowhoundCNETCollege NetworksGameSpotLast.fmMaxPrepsMetacritic.comMoneywatchmySimonRadio.comSearch.comShopper.comShowtimeTechRepublicThe InsiderTV.comUrbanBaby.comZDNet Topics All Authors Galleries Videos About ZDNet Meet The Team Site Map RSS Feeds Reprint Policy Manage | Log Out Log In to ZDNET | Join ZDNet Membership Newsletters Site Assistance
24/7 Wall St. - Insightful Analysis and Commentary for U.S. and Global Equity Investors Search this site Business Aerospace & Defense Autos Banking & Finance Commodities & Metals Consumer Products Energy Healthcare Industrials Infrastructure Media Retail Services Technology Apps & Software Consumer Electronics Telecom & Wireless Apple Inc. Facebook Google Investing Analyst Upgrades Bankruptcy Buffett Corporate Governance Corporate Performance Dividends and Buybacks Earnings ETFs and Mutual Funds International Markets IPOs and Secondaries Mergers and Acquisitions Personal Finance Rumors Value Investing Economy Energy Government Regulation Healthcare Housing Jobs Special Report Brands and Products Cities Countries States Health Care Giants Merck, UnitedHealth Sink DJIA Tuesday By Paul Ausick October 11, 2016 4:01 pm EST Print Email Tweet October 11, 2016: Markets opened lower Tuesday on another light newsday with no significant economic data scheduled for release. The FOMC meeting minutes are set to be released Wednesday, along with the JOLTS report. Every sector traded in the red late this afternoon with healthcare leading the drop and basic materials also down more than 1.5%. WTI crude oil for November delivery settled at $50.79 a barrel, down 1.1% for the day. December gold closed down 0.4% on the day to settle at $1,255.90. Equities were headed for a lower close shortly before the bell as the DJIA traded down by 1.09% for the day, the S&P 500 traded down 1.22%, and the Nasdaq Composite traded down 1.54%. The DJIA stock posting the largest daily percentage loss ahead of the close Tuesday was Merck & Co. Inc. (NYSE: MRK) traded down 3.11% at $61.91. The stock’s 52-week range is $47.97 to $64.86. Volume was less than 10% above the daily average of around 9.8 million shares. The company had no specific news Tuesday. UnitedHealth Group Inc. (NYSE: UNH) which traded down 2.35% at $134.83. The stock’s 52-week range is $107.51 to $144.48. Trading volume was about 15% below the daily average of around 3 million. The health insurance giant had no specific news. Intel Corp. (NASDAQ: INTC) traded down 2.26% at $37.16. The stock’s 52-week range is $27.68 to $38.36. Volume was less than 10% below the daily average of around 21.8 million shares. The world’s largest chipmaker had no specific news Tuesday. American Express Co. (NYSE: AXP) traded down 1.76% at $60.81. The stock’s 52-week range is $50.27 to $77.61. Volume was about 40% below the daily average of around 4 million shares. The financial services firm had no specific news either. Of the 30 Dow index stocks just 2 are on track to close higher Tuesday and 28 are set to close lower. I'm interested in the Newsletter Get Newsletter terms and conditions   By Paul Ausick « Biostar Pharma Skyrockets on New Chinese Product Launch Bristol-Myers, Gilead Slide Into Tuesday’s 52-Week Low Club » Read more: Investing, Dow Jones Industrial Average, market close, American Express (NYSE:AXP), Intel (NASDAQ:INTC), Merck & Co., Inc. (NYSE:MRK), UnitedHealth Group (NYSE:UNH) Free Daily Newsletter Subscribe Terms & Conditions Sponsors Popular The Worst Companies to Work For The Net Worth of American Presidents: Washington to Trump The Next 14 States to Legalize Marijuana The Largest Employer in Every State The Most Republican County in Each State Recent SEC Charges Israeli Firm With Misleading Investors About Binary Options Facebook Use Surge Ahead Of Other Social Media After the Election, 7 Major Infrastructure Winners for 2017 and Beyond Massive Icahn Trades Highlight Huge Insider Buying: Hertz Global, Herbalife, CBRE, Seattle Genetics and More Get Quote for: Symbol Lookup Search How Donald Trump Could Affect Your Personal Finances 4 Tax Moves You Can Make Today to Avoid an Audit Apple Inc. May Be Using This New Tech in iPhone 8 Nasdaq-100 futures up 27.25 points, or 0.6%, to 4,775.25 S&P 500 futures rise 11.4 points, or 0.5%, to 2,173.25 DJIA futures up 120 points, or 0.6%, to 18,906 Why Is Citigroup (C) Up 8.99% Since The Last Earnings Report? Southcross (SXE): Moving Average Crossover Alert NetApp (NTAP) to Post Q2 Earnings: What's in the Cards? A $1 million bet: Anatomy of a high-end house flip Dow breaks below 18K, as China, Fed fears weigh Billionaires had a rough year in 2015 - relatively Asian shares mostly lower, Nikkei gets boost from weak yen How Donald Trump Could Affect Your Personal Finances 4 Tax Moves You Can Make Today to Avoid an Audit Trump's Dismantling Of Dodd-Frank May Be In The Works Trump Kids To Run Business While On Transition Team Fusion Staff Votes Overwhelmingly To Unionize Home About Us Disclaimer and Terms of Use Privacy Policy Contact Us Advertise AOL-HuffPost Money & Finance ©2016 24/7 Wall St. | Powered by WordPress.com VIP
Toggle navigation Products All Products Marketwired Resonate Marketwired Influencers News Distribution Disclosure and Regulatory Filing IR/PR Newsroom Hosting (Impress) Media Database (Mediahub) Solutions All Solutions Public Relations Investor Relations Small Business Newsroom Contact Us Sign In to Services Blog About Us About Marketwired Media Partners Marketwired News Community Builders Full site Salles des nouvelles Plus sur nous Produits Solutions Ressources Contactez Nous Se connecter Version complète du site News Room SOURCE: Megaputer Intelligence Inc. October 11, 2016 13:11 ET Analytics for Pharma Seminar + Workshop in Bloomington, IN on November 16-17, 2016 BLOOMINGTON, IN--(Marketwired - October 11, 2016) - Megaputer Intelligence announces the Analytics for Pharma seminar to be hosted on November 16, 2016 in Bloomington, IN. Leading practitioners will present analytical solutions they developed for addressing typical challenges encountered in the pharmaceutical and life sciences domains: the analysis of call center transcripts, employee survey responses, adverse event reports, and service notes for medical devices. Participants will learn how to solve pharma and life sciences tasks through the use of advanced text analytics techniques and standard industry resources, such as semantic dictionaries and ontologies. Megaputer analysts will provide an overview of how text analysis systems can help researchers automatically derive features and relationships of interest from academic publications and how a pharma company can perform competitive intelligence through the analysis of social media data. Speakers from Eli Lilly and Merck will present recent successful applications of advanced text analytics at their companies. The seminar will serve as a convenient setup for networking and sharing knowledge with thought leaders from other pharma companies. Megaputer analysts will outline the typical steps and challenges one encounters when implementing a text analysis solution at a pharma company. In addition, they will discuss theoretical foundations and practical implementations of systems for the analysis of BIG DATA. The seminar will be followed by a one-day, hands-on workshop arming attendees with practical skills for solving typical text analysis tasks in the pharma and life sciences domains. "Analytics for Pharma seminar and workshop will equip both non-technical users and data scientists from pharma companies with a thorough understanding of how their companies can benefit from implementing text analysis solutions based on concrete examples of success," says Daniel Priver, Senior Data Analysis Consultant with Megaputer Intelligence. "It provides a unique setup for gaining knowledge about typical applications and useful techniques in advanced text analytics for pharma and the life sciences." About Megaputer Intelligence Megaputer Intelligence (www.megaputer.com) is a leading developer of data and text mining software and custom analytical solutions for various application domains. Megaputer analytical tools enable over 500 customers worldwide to make informed data-driven decisions. Megaputer and PolyAnalyst are registered trademarks of Megaputer Intelligence Inc. in the United States and/or other countries. The names of other companies and products mentioned herein may be the trademarks of their respective owners. Contact Information For more information: Brian Howard Megaputer Intelligence, Inc. (812) 330-0110 ext 215 bhoward@megaputer.com   View Desktop Version Pour voir la version complète
Montag, 14.11.2016 Börsentäglich über 12.000 News von 549 internationalen Medien Indizes Kurs % News 24 h / 7 T Aufrufe 7 Tage Aktien Kurs % News 24 h / 7 T Aufrufe 7 Tage Xetra-Orderbuch Devisen Kurs % Rohstoffe Kurs % Passende Knock-Outs zu Ihrer Suchanfrage (Anzeige) Erweiterte Suche Ad hoc-Mitteilungen Startseite Nachrichten Aktienkurse Fonds Anleihen Derivate Rohstoffe Devisen Watchlist Aufklappen Schliessen Nachrichten»Analytics for Pharma Seminar + Workshop in Bloomington, IN on November 16-17, 2016 11.10.2016 | 19:13 (1 Leser) Schrift ändern: (0 Bewertungen) Marketwired·Mehr Nachrichten von Marketwired Analytics for Pharma Seminar + Workshop in Bloomington, IN on November 16-17, 2016 BLOOMINGTON, IN--(Marketwired - October 11, 2016) - Megaputer Intelligence announces the Analytics for Pharma seminar to be hosted on November 16, 2016 in Bloomington, IN. Leading practitioners will present analytical solutions they developed for addressing typical challenges encountered in the pharmaceutical and life sciences domains: the analysis of call center transcripts, employee survey responses, adverse event reports, and service notes for medical devices. Participants will learn how to solve pharma and life sciences tasks through the use of advanced text analytics techniques and standard industry resources, such as semantic dictionaries and ontologies. Megaputer analysts will provide an overview of how text analysis systems can help researchers automatically derive features and relationships of interest from academic publications and how a pharma company can perform competitive intelligence through the analysis of social media data. Speakers from Eli Lilly and Merck will present recent successful applications of advanced text analytics at their companies. The seminar will serve as a convenient setup for networking and sharing knowledge with thought leaders from other pharma companies. Megaputer analysts will outline the typical steps and challenges one encounters when implementing a text analysis solution at a pharma company. In addition, they will discuss theoretical foundations and practical implementations of systems for the analysis of BIG DATA. The seminar will be followed by a one-day, hands-on workshop arming attendees with practical skills for solving typical text analysis tasks in the pharma and life sciences domains. "Analytics for Pharma seminar and workshop will equip both non-technical users and data scientists from pharma companies with a thorough understanding of how their companies can benefit from implementing text analysis solutions based on concrete examples of success," says Daniel Priver, Senior Data Analysis Consultant with Megaputer Intelligence. "It provides a unique setup for gaining knowledge about typical applications and useful techniques in advanced text analytics for pharma and the life sciences." About Megaputer Intelligence Megaputer Intelligence (www.megaputer.com) is a leading developer of data and text mining software and custom analytical solutions for various application domains. Megaputer analytical tools enable over 500 customers worldwide to make informed data-driven decisions. Megaputer and PolyAnalyst are registered trademarks of Megaputer Intelligence Inc. in the United States and/or other countries. The names of other companies and products mentioned herein may be the trademarks of their respective owners. For more information: Brian Howard Megaputer Intelligence, Inc. (812) 330-0110 ext 215 bhoward@megaputer.com © 2016 Marketwired Sie erhalten auf FinanzNachrichten.de kostenlose Realtime-Aktienkurse von  und  mit der Push-Technologie von   Wie bewerten Sie die aktuell angezeigte Seite?sehr gut123456schlechtProblem melden Google+ Seite Nachrichten • Aktienkurse • DAX • Xetra-Orderbuch • Watchlist Ad hoc-Mitteilungen • Nachrichten Börsen • Aktien-Empfehlungen Branchen • Medien • Nachrichten-Archiv Impressum | AGB | Disclaimer • Presse • Mediadaten RSS-News von FinanzNachrichten.de kostenlos für Ihren Browser und Ihre Homepage
MM&M Facebook MM&M Twitter MM&M LinkedIn Advertise Subscribe Log in | Register Home News Agencies Data/Analytics Campaigns Commercial Corporate Legal/Regulatory Media Opinion Payers Pipeline Technology 3 health tech innovations experts say will revolutionalize healthcare As digital-health funding increases, here's how VR, nanotechnology, and 3D printing could potentially improve the value of healthcare. Health Influencer 50 MM&M and PRWeek editors convened to select 50 battle-tested pros who are changing the healthcare game. Find out if you made the list. 10 things for pharma marketers to know about Facebook and Instagram With about 70 million users in six million health-related groups, drugmakers have tremendous opportunity to reach key audiences on Facebook. Here's how. Series Top 100 Agencies Live at Cannes Pharma Report Watson Week MM&M's Guide to DTC Top 40 Transformers Events Big Data Hall of Femme Leadership Exchanges MM&M Awards Transforming Healthcare Conference Webcasts Virtual Events Resources eBooks inVision Videos Podcasts The Agency Gallery The PMD Whitepapers Careers The Glass Ceiling Upward Moves At Work With Magazine Latest Issue Issue Archive MM&M > Channel > Roundup > Five things for pharma marketers to know: Tuesday, October 11, 2016 Tweet Virginia Lau October 11, 2016 Five things for pharma marketers to know: Tuesday, October 11, 2016 Share this content: facebook twitter linkedin google Comments Print 1. Bristol-Myers Squibb's immuno-oncology therapy Opdivo failed to show superiority to chemotherapy in a lung-cancer trial. In a study targeting a similar group of patients, Merck's Keytruda lowered the risk of death or cancer progression by 50%. Shares of Ono, BMS' partner, dropped after the release of the study. (Bloomberg) 2. A hedge fund, Partner Fund Management, sued Theranos and its founder, Elizabeth Holmes, for allegedly misleading the company to invest almost $100 million in the health tech startup. (WSJ) 3. Takeda Pharmaceutical Company and Crescendo Biologics said they will partner to develop and commercialize humabody-based therapeutics for cancer treatment. Crescendo has a number of cancer drugs in its pipeline. 4. The number of dementia patients hooked up to breathing machines in U.S. nursing homes increased by 50% from 2000 to 2013, but the mortality rate hasn't changed, according to a new study. Out of every 1,000 nursing home residents with dementia, 78 were using mechanical ventilators in 2013, compared to only 39 in 2000. (Reuters) 5. Roche said it received FDA priority review for Lucentis, its eye drug, as a treatment for myopic choroidal neovascularization, a condition of near-sightedness that can lead to blindness. (Reuters) Share this content: facebook twitter linkedin google Comments Print Similar Articles Five things for pharma marketers to know: Tuesday, October 28 Five things for pharma marketers to know: Tuesday, October 6 Five things for pharma marketers to know: Tuesday, November 11 Five things for pharma marketers to know: Tuesday, October 14 Five things for pharma marketers to know: Tuesday, August 11 Related Topics FDA Lawsuit Mental Health Oncology Pipeline Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Next Article in Roundup Five things for pharma marketers to know: Wednesday, October 12, 2016 MM&M Articles Popular Emailed Recent Will drugmakers get what they're looking for at this week's FDA off-label hearing? Infographic: what information doctors need from pharma Five things for pharma marketers to know: Friday, November 11, 2016 Five things for pharma marketers to know: Wednesday, November 9, 2016 Five things for pharma marketers to know: Monday, November 7, 2016 Merck educates doctors about biosimilars, long before it will sell one in the U.S. 4 trends with the potential to change behavior in the patient journey What do physicians think about biosimilars? Novartis considers new sales model for experimental cancer therapy Boehringer Ingelheim launches gamified support program Will he or won't he? Pharma speculates on President-elect Trump Pharma pushes to share off-label info with payers at FDA hearing What's Next for the FDA During the Trump Administration Five things for pharma marketers to know: Friday, November 11, 2016 5 questions raised at the FDA's off-label hearing Tweets by @MMMnews Events Weekly MM&M Breaking News MM&M KOL White Paper MM&M News Brief MM&M Sponsored Promotion MM&M Weekly Digest The Splash from MM&M United States United Kingdom Canada Afghanistan Albania Algeria American Samoa Andorra Angola Anguilla Antarctica Antigua and Barbuda Argentina Armenia Aruba Australia Austria Azerbaijan Bahamas Bahrain Bangladesh Barbados Belarus Belgium Belize Benin Bermuda Bhutan Bolivia Bosnia and Herzegovina Botswana Bouvet Island Brazil British Indian Ocean Territory Brunei Darussalam Bulgaria Burkina Faso Burundi Cambodia Cameroon Cape Verde Cayman Islands Central African Republic Chad Chile China Christmas Island Cocos (Keeling) Islands Colombia Comoros Congo Congo (DRC) Cook Islands Costa Rica Côte D'Ivoire Croatia Cuba Cyprus Czech Republic Denmark Djibouti Dominica Dominican Republic Ecuador Egypt El Salvador Equatorial Guinea Eritrea Estonia Ethiopia Falkland Islands (Malvinas) Faroe Islands Fiji Islands Finland France French Guiana French Polynesia French Southern Territories Gabon Gambia Georgia Germany Ghana Gibraltar Greece Greenland Grenada Guadeloupe Guam Guatemala Guinea Guinea-Bissau Guyana Haiti Heard Island and Mcdonald Islands Honduras Hong Kong Hungary Iceland India Indonesia Iran Iraq Ireland Israel Italy Jamaica Japan Jordan Kazakhstan Kenya Kiribati Korea Kuwait Kyrgyzstan Laos Latvia Lebanon Lesotho Liberia Libya Liechtenstein Lithuania Luxembourg Macao Macedonia Madagascar Malawi Malaysia Maldives Mali Malta Marshall Islands Martinique Mauritania Mauritius Mayotte Mexico Micronesia Moldova Monaco Mongolia Montenegro Montserrat Morocco Mozambique Myanmar Namibia Nauru Nepal Netherlands Netherlands Antilles New Caledonia New Zealand Nicaragua Niger Nigeria Niue Norfolk Island North Korea Northern Mariana Islands Norway Oman Pakistan Palau Panama Papua New Guinea Paraguay Peru Philippines Pitcairn Poland Portugal Puerto Rico Qatar Reunion Romania Russia Rwanda Saint Helena Saint Kitts and Nevis Saint Lucia Saint Martin Saint Pierre and Miquelon Saint Vincent and The Grenadines San Marino Sao Tome & Principe Saudi Arabia Senegal Serbia-Montenegro Seychelles Sierra Leone Singapore Slovakia Slovenia Solomon Islands Somalia South Africa Spain Sri Lanka Sudan Suriname Svalbard and Jan Mayen Swaziland Sweden Switzerland Syria Taiwan Tajikistan Tanzania Thailand Timor-Leste Togo Tokelau Tonga Trinidad and Tobago Tunisia Turkey Turkmenistan Turks and Caicos Islands Tuvalu Uganda Ukraine United Arab Emirates Uruguay Uzbekistan Vanuatu Vatican City Venezuela Vietnam Virgin Islands Virgin Islands, British Wallis and Futuna Western Samoa Yemen Yugoslavia Zambia Zimbabwe Check out what's trending Healthcare Election FDA Pharma Health Influencer 50 People Pricing Legal/Regulatory Commercial More in Roundup Five things for pharma marketers to know: Friday, ... Trump says he will reform the FDA; pharmaceutical M&A expected to pick up; superbug causing infections in cystic-fibrosis patients Five things for pharma marketers to know: Thursday, ... Mylan reports third-quarter loss; analysts say drug-pricing restrictions less likely under Trump; the FDA limits citizen petitions Five things for pharma marketers to know: Tuesday, ... FDA solicits public comment to study online character space limit; Biogen's Spinraza shows positive results in SMA study; Valeant cuts earnings forecast Medical Marketing & Media Return To Top News Agencies Campaigns Commercial Corporate Legal/Regulatory Media Payers Pipeline Opinion Back Talk Beltway Insider Editor's Desk Partner Forum Private View Viewpoint User Center Subscribe About us Contact us Media Information Sitemap Ad Choices Connect With Us Newsletters Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Copyright © 2016 Haymarket Media, Inc. All Rights Reserved This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed in any form without prior authorization. Your use of this website constitutes acceptance of Haymarket Media's Privacy Policy and Terms & Conditions.
News Specialties CME / CE Collections Medical News Latest Medical News Health Policy Practice Management Public Health Washington Watch Meeting Coverage Blogs & Columns Specialties Allergy & Immunology Anesthesiology Cardiology Critical Care Dermatology Emergency Medicine Endocrinology Gastroenterology Genetics Geriatrics HIV / AIDS Hospital-Based Medicine Infectious Disease Nephrology Neurology Nursing OB / GYN Oncology / Hematology Ophthalmology Orthopedics Pain Management Pathology Pediatrics Primary Care Psychiatry Pulmonology Radiology Rheumatology Surgery Transplantation Urology Continuing Medical Education CME / CE Clinical Context State Required CME Graduate Medical Education CME Tracker Mastery Of Medicine Collections AGA Reading Room ASCO Reading Room Surveys Quizzes Special Reports Sign Up Log In Sign Up Log In Search CardioBrief: USPSTF Finalizes Statin Primary Prevention Guide, Debate Ensues cme/ce Liver Cancer Rare After HCV Therapy cme/ce CD4+ T-Cell Counts May Predict Rituximab Response in RA Readmission Penalties Are Punishing Safety-Net Hospitals Tweets of the Week: Honoring Vets LATEST MEDICAL NEWS Public Health & Policy Morning Break: Real Docs Vs. Dr. Google; Zika Up in Asia; NASH More Common Health news and commentary from around the Web, gathered by the MedPage Today staff MedpageToday savesaved by MedPage Today Staff October 11, 2016 Don't worry, Doc -- Google won't replace you any time soon. (CBS News) Zika virus cases are expected to keep increasing in Asia, the World Health Organization says. (NBC News) Bristol-Myers Squibb's shares plunged after a study presented at the European Society of Medical Oncology meeting in Copenhagen suggested that Merck's pembrolizumab (Keytruda) was more effective at fighting lung cancer at certain stages than BMS's nivolumab (Opdivo). (Reuters) Check out our ESMO coverage here. St. Jude Medical warned that some of its cardiac devices may suffer premature battery failure, with two deaths linked to the problem. Does parental leave benefit children's health? You betcha, says Benard Dreyer, MD. (NPR) Anger plus exercise equals a bad mix for the heart, researchers have found. (CBS News) Yemen's capital, Sanaa, is seeing a growing cholera outbreak linked to an influx of refugees from the country's civil war. (Reuters) Torture at secret CIA prisons and Guantanamo has "left a legacy of damaged minds," reports The New York Times. The cost of treating breast cancer can vary greatly for no apparent reason, investigators found. (NBC News) If you're signing up with Elon Musk to help colonize Mars, beware: radiation may cook your brain. (Gizmodo) Drug companies are working on treatments for an increasingly common ailment: non-alcoholic steatohepatitis. (STAT News) Arkansas is investigating a mumps outbreak, with more than 400 possible cases. (ABC News) College students 'fess up to NBC News about drunkorexia. Think the premiums in Obamacare are bad? Buying off the exchange can be even worse. (Kaiser Health News) Morning Break is a daily guide to what's new and interesting on the Web for healthcare professionals, powered by the MedPage Today community. Got a tip? Send it to us: MPT_editorial@everydayhealthinc.com. 2016-11-10T00:00:00-0500 last updated 10.11.2016 0 comments Next More in Public Health & Policy Readmission Penalties Are Punishing Safety-Net Hospitals Tweets of the Week: Honoring Vets D.C. Week: Obamacare Days Appear Numbered Fewer 'Nails in the Coffin' as Smoking Rate Declines At the Polls: Mixing Politics and Medicine Improving the 'Culture of Health' Helps Patients, Experts Say FDA Mulls New Policy on Off-Label Promotion 'Essential' Meds for the World Are Surprisingly Cheap Next Article MedPageToday is a trusted and reliable source for clinical and policy coverage that directly affects the lives and practices of health care professionals. Physicians and other healthcare professionals may also receive Continuing Medical Education (CME) and Continuing Education (CE) credits at no cost for participating in MedPage Today-hosted educational activities. © 2016 MedPage Today, LLC. All rights reserved. Use of this site constitutes acceptance of the MedPageToday.com terms of use and privacy policy. The material on this site is for informational purposes only, and is not a substitute for medical advice, diagnosis or treatment provided by a qualified health care provider. About Help Center Site Map Advertise with Us
▮ Home ▮ Business Latest Headlines Top Stories Breaking News Earnings Biotech Investors IPOs M&A Canadian UK Key Wallstreet Events ▮ Industry News Technology Software Banking Automotive Energy More ▮ Stock Alerts Active Traders Before the Bell $5 and under Intraday Updates After the Bell ▮ Corp. Calendars Dividends Stock Splits Buybacks Conference Calls ▮ Earnings Calendars Earnings Calendar Pos Pre-announcements Profit Warnings Positive Surprise Negative Surprise Latest Earnings ▮ FDA Calendars Drug Approvals Device Approvals Clinical Trial Calendar ▮ Ratings Changes Upgrades Downgrades Cov Initiations Cov. Reiterated ▮ Economy US Europe Asia Global Economic Calendar Economic Scorecard Fed Members ▮ Markets Morning Mkt Analysis US Commentary European Commentary Asian Commentary Canadian Commentary Indian Commentary Commodities Bonds Currencies ▮ Politics US World White House Elections Congress General News ▮ Forex FX Top Stories Currency Analysis Currency Alerts Economic Calendar Economic Scorecard ▮ Health Hot Topics Diet & Fitness Kids Health Men's Health Women's Health Cancer News Drug Development Mental Health ▮ Tech Hot Topics Gadgets & Games Mobile Green Tech ▮ Entertainment Top Stories TV News Movie News Slide Shows Game of Thrones ▮ Music news Pop Rock Classic Rock Rap/Hip-Hop Country Alternative Oldies All Genre ▮ Content Licensing Newswires & Feeds Content Syndication Digital Signage Services Radio News Services ▮ Premium Emerging Biostocks Under The Radar Short-Term Investor NewsStream Login ▮ More Free Content RSS Feeds Search ▮ Blog Political Science / Nature Fundamental Analysis ▮ Columns Science & Tech Arts & Leisure Politics & Policy Money Home Business Latest Headlines Top Stories Breaking News Earnings Biotech Investors IPOs M&A Canadian UK Key Wallstreet Events Industry News Technology Software Banking Automotive Energy More Stock Alerts Active Traders Before the Bell $5 and under Intraday Updates After the Bell Corp. Calendars Dividends Stock Splits Buybacks Conference Calls Earnings Calendars Earnings Calendar Pos Pre-announcements Profit Warnings Positive Surprise Negative Surprise Latest Earnings FDA Calendars Drug Approvals Device Approvals Clinical Trial Calendar Ratings Changes Upgrades Downgrades Cov Initiations Cov. Reiterated Economy US Europe Asia Global Economic Calendar Economic Scorecard Fed Members Markets Morning Mkt Analysis US Commentary European Commentary Asian Commentary Canadian Commentary Indian Commentary Commodities Bonds Currencies Politics US World White House Elections Congress General News Forex FX Top Stories Currency Analysis Currency Alerts Economic Calendar Economic Scorecard Health Hot Topics Diet & Fitness Kids Health Men's Health Women's Health Cancer News Drug Development Mental Health Tech Hot Topics Gadgets & Games Mobile Green Tech Entertainment Top Stories TV News Movie News Slide Shows Game of Thrones Music news Pop Rock Classic Rock Rap/Hip-Hop Country Alternative Oldies All Genre Content Licensing Newswires & Feeds Content Syndication Digital Signage Services Radio News Services Premium Emerging Biostocks Under The Radar Short-Term Investor NewsStream Login More Free Content RSS Feeds Search Blog Political Science / Nature Fundamental Analysis Columns Science & Tech Arts & Leisure Politics & Policy Money   E-MAIL  SHARE FONT-SIZE    Tweet Share Disappointing Alcoa Results May Weigh On Wall Street 10/11/2016 8:45 AM ET The major U.S. index futures are pointing to a lower opening on Tuesday following the release of weaker than expected third quarter results from aluminum giant Alcoa (AA). The release of quarterly results from Alcoa is seen as the unofficial start of earnings season, with financial giants Citigroup (C), JPMorgan Chase (JPM) and Wells Fargo (WFC) due to report their results later this week. Overall trading activity may be somewhat subdued, however, as some traders may stay on the sidelines amid a lack of major U.S. economic data. The minutes of the latest Federal Reserve meeting and reports on retail sales and producer prices are likely to attract attention in the coming days. U.S. stocks closed Monday's session higher amid a rally in crude oil prices. The major averages opened higher and moved roughly sideways until early afternoon trading. After giving back some of their gains over the remainder of the session, the averages ended moderately higher. The Dow Industrials added 88.55 points or 0.49 percent before ending at 18,329, the S&P 500 Index ended up 9.92 points or 0.46 percent at 2,164 and the Nasdaq Composite closed at 5,329, up 36.27 points or 0.69 percent. Eighteen of the thirty Dow components ended the session higher and four stocks were little changed, while the remaining eight stocks retreated. Exxon Mobil (XOM), Chevron (CVX), Boeing (BA), Merck (MRK) and Apple (AAPL) were among the biggest gainers of the session, but Procter & Gamble (PG) and Wal-Mart (WMT) fell sharply. Among the sectors, energy, banking, airline and telecom stocks turned in some of the best performances on the day. Commodity, Currency Markets Crude oil futures for November delivery are slipping $0.34 to $51.01 a barrel after ending Monday's session up $1.54 at $51.35 a barrel, the highest closing level since July 15th, 2015. Meanwhile, an ounce of gold is currently trading at $1,258, down $2.40 from the previous session's close of $1,260.40. On Monday, gold rose $8.90, snapping a 6-session losing streak. On the currency front, the U.S. dollar is trading at 103.64 yen compared to the 103.61 yen it fetched at the close of New York trading on Monday. Against the euro, the dollar is valued at $1.1090 compared to yesterday's $1.1139. Asia The Asian markets closed mixed, with the Singapore, South Korean, Taiwanese and Hong Kong markets declining, while the rest of the markets advanced. The Indian market was closed for a public holiday. The Japanese market, which opened after Monday's public holiday, advanced as the yen remained weak. The Nikkei 225 Index opened higher and rose steadily in the morning. Although there was a slight loss of momentum by the mid-session, the index consolidated in the afternoon, closing up 164.67 points or 0.98 percent at a more than 1-month high of 17,025. Food, chemical, pharma, export, utility, telecom and most resource stocks gained ground, while some housing, real estate, steel, financial and retail stocks came under selling pressure. Australia's All Ordinaries Index ended modestly higher, although well off its best levels. The index ended at 5,562, up 6.70 points or 0.12 percent. Energy and material stocks rallied strongly and consumer and utility stocks saw moderate strength, but most other sectors lost ground. China's Shanghai Composite Index closed 17.11 points or 0.56 percent higher at 3,065, while Hong Kong's Hang Seng Index surrendered all its morning gains by early afternoon trading and languished below the unchanged line thereafter. The index ended down 302.30 points or 1.27 percent at 23,550. On the economic front, the results of a survey by National Australia Bank showed that confidence among businesses in Australia was unchanged in September. The corresponding index was static at 6, although above the expected reading of 5. The business conditions index rose 1 point to 8. A report released by the Australian Bureau of Statistics showed that the total number of home loans issued in Australia fell 3 percent month-over-month in August. This was steeper than the 1.5 percent drop expected by economists. This follows a 4.5 percent drop in July. Investment lending edged up 0.1 percent. Data released by the Ministry of Finance showed that Japan's current account surplus came in at 2.0 trillion yen in August, more than the 1.5 trillion yen expected by economists and the 1.94 trillion-yen surplus in July. The trade surplus was also wider than expected at 243.2 billion yen, as exports fell 9.6 percent and imports declined a steeper 18.3 percent. Europe European stocks are holding up despite a volatile morning session. While the U.K.'s FTSE 100 Index has inched up by 0.1 percent, the French CAC 40 Index and the German DAX Index are both up by 0.2 percent. On the economic front, German investor sentiment climbed at a faster-than-expected pace in October to its highest level in four months, the results of a survey by the Centre for European Economic Research/ZEW showed. The ZEW Indicator of Economic Sentiment rose to 6.2 from 0.5 in each of the previous two months. Economists had expected a score of 4. The latest reading was the strongest since June's 19.2. Data released by the British Retail Consortium showed that like-for-like sales in the U.K. rose 0.4 percent year-over-year in September, belying expectations for a 0.3 percent drop. U.S. Economic Reports There are no market moving economic reports due for the day. Stocks in Focus Shares of Alcoa are moving lower in pre-market trading after the aluminum giant reported third quarter earnings and revenues that came in below analyst estimates. Rent-A-Center- (RCII) may also come under pressure after warning of much weaker than expected third quarter earnings. Illumina (ILMN) pre-announced third quarter revenues of about $607 million, a 10 percent increase year-over-year but below the company's guidance of $625 million to $630 million. The company attributed the shortfall to a larger than expected decline in high throughput sequencing instruments. Coca-Cola (KO) announced that it intends to buy Anheuser-Busch Inbev's (BUD) stake in Coca-Cola Beverages Africa following the closing of the ABI combination with SABMiller. by RTT Staff Writer For comments and feedback: editorial@rttnews.com Fed Chatterbox: Economic Preview Week of November 14 Forget Canada: The Best Places To Flee Trump's America These Companies Are Sitting On Mountains Of Cash Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. comments powered by Disqus Follow RTT Editor's Pick Most Read Most Emailed Nasty Gal Files For Bankruptcy Allianz Stock Climbs On Q3 Profit Growth, Confirms FY16 Profit View Walt Disney Q4 Profit Down - Update Forget Canada: The Best Places To Escape Trump's America Continental Stock Dips On Weak Q3 Profit; Sees Strong Earnings In Q4 AstraZeneca Q3 Pre-tax Profit Down On Crestor Generic; Backs FY View Alphabet Cancels Drone Deal With Starbucks As Project Leaders Pushed Out Viacom Q4 Adj. Profit Beats View, But Revenues Miss Munich Re Lifts FY16 Profit View As Q3 Profit Climbs; Stock Dips E.ON 9-month Attributable Net Loss Narrows; Maintains Weak FY16 Earnings View ADAP Surges As FDA Lifts Clinical Hold, OCUL Catches Eyes, RegeneRx On The Rise ARWR's Hepatitis B Drug On Clinical Hold, GMED Disappoints, A First For MYL AdvancePierre Foods Appoints Christopher Sliva As President ANTH Plunges As Lupus Trial Fails, BMY's Opdivo Is At It Again, FDA Nod For GILD Engie 9-month EBITDA Declines - Quick Facts Pfizer : IBRANCE Approved In Europe To Treat HR+/HER2- Metastatic Breast Cancer Forget Canada: The Best Places To Escape Trump's America Google Rejects EU Antitrust Charges Walt Disney Q4 Profit Down - Update Alphabet Cancels Drone Deal With Starbucks As Project Leaders Pushed Out Allianz Stock Climbs On Q3 Profit Growth, Confirms FY16 Profit View E.ON 9-month Attributable Net Loss Narrows; Maintains Weak FY16 Earnings View Facebook Taking Aim At LinkedIn Rio Tinto Suspends Unit CEO Alan Davies Amid Guinea Payments Investigation Alstom Turns To Profit In H1; Sales, Orders Up; Backs 2020 View - Quick Facts Kuka Group Q3 Profit Surges; Lowers FY16 Sales Outlook - Quick Facts HeidelbergCement Q3 Profit Down;says Confident To Exceed €400 Mln Synergy Target Osram Licht Q4 Profit Declines; Sees Growth In 2017 - Quick Facts Heidelberg Reports Positive Net Result In Q2; Affirms Fiscal Year Targets Carlsberg Q3 Revenues Decline; But Lifts FY16 Profit Outlook - Quick Facts E.ON 9-month Loss Narrows; Confirms 2016 Profit Outlook Munich Re Lifts FY View, Q3 Profit Rises - Quick Facts Swiss Life 9-month Fee Income Rises; Premiums Down; On Track For FY16 Targets ARWR's Hepatitis B Drug On Clinical Hold, GMED Disappoints, A First For MYL Copyright © 2016 RTTNews. All rights reserved. By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Service. About Us   |   Privacy   |   Feedback   |   Sitemap
RSS Youtube Linkedin Find us on Google+ Twitter Facebook   MOBILE CLOUD SECURITY STORAGE ENTERPRISE APPS INNOVATION Android   Apple   IT Management   Networking   More     Slide Shows   Video   Blogs   Research Center   Sponsored Content Small Business Virtualization Database Developer PC Hardware Servers eWEEKChat eWEEK at 30 Big Data Analytics Cloud Backup Next Generation Firewall     Small Business   /   Health Professionals Turn to Mobile Devices for Patient Care       Health Professionals Turn to Mobile Devices for Patient Care     By Nathan Eddy  |  Posted 2016-10-11 Print               The survey found two-thirds of doctors use a mobile device to access medical information in a professional setting more than 10 times a day. Nearly three in four family physicians (73 percent) consider themselves tech-savvy, according to a Merck Manuals survey of 220 respondents. In fact, two in three doctors (66 percent) said they use a mobile device to access medical information in a professional setting more than 10 times a day. While the vast majority of respondents (81 percent) agreed that the availability of medical information on mobile devices has changed the dynamic of office visits, responses for how the dynamic has changed varied, the survey found. About one-third (34 percent) of physicians said patients arrive more informed and prepared, yet 33 percent said patients arrive misinformed, and more than a one-fourth (29 percent) of physicians indicated that appointments are more efficient as a result of mobile medical information. The survey also found more than half (56 percent) of physicians said doctors and patients are more likely to review medical information together, thanks to the availability of medical information on mobile devices. Family physicians identified a number of reasons for consulting their mobile devices in the office. Of those who use a mobile device to access medical information in a professional setting, 80 percent said they use the information to inform their diagnoses or treatment plans for patients, the Merck Manuals survey found. In addition, 66 percent said they use their devices to catch up on the latest news in the medical community, 60 percent use it to explain and further illustrate information to patients and 28 percent use it to send information directly to patients. The report noted, however, that mobile technology is not meant to replace the patient/doctor relationship but, instead, enhance the office visit by allowing them to review information together. Although the survey did not address the infrastructure needs of doctors and patients, a recent study by Spok, a communications provider for health care, and other industries, pointed to a large gap in the infrastructure necessary to support these strategies and devices, including wireless network coverage and enterprise mobility management (EMM) solutions. The survey also showed that more hospitals are hiring outside experts to help with clinical mobility, from planning through technology implementations and rollout. The Spok survey found that the diversity of mobile devices is increasing as new types of devices (such as wearables) are added to the mix and existing tools remain firmly entrenched in clinicians' workflows. More than half (54 percent) of respondents to the Spok survey said that WiFi coverage is a current challenge for mobile device users, and 47 percent cited cellular coverage challenges, a gap that will be critical for hospitals to address in an effort to mitigate security risks and enhance communications.             LATEST SMALL BUSINESS ARTICLES   Health Care IT Security Challenged by Phishing Attacks Enterprises Move to Public Key Infrastructures Health Professionals Turn to Mobile Devices for Patient Care Health Care, Banking Industries to Drive Mobility Revenues Smartphone, PC Shipments Slow as Markets Mature                 Submit a Comment Loading Comments...   Manage your Newsletters: Login   Register My Newsletters eWeek Editor's Pick News & Views Cloud Computing Mobile and Wireless Update Best of eWeek eWeek Sunday Brunch eCareers Smart Moves Enterprise Applications Topic Center Update Enterprise IT Advantage eWeek Whitepaper Spotlight eWeek Labs eWeek Enterprise Update eWeek Storage Report Industry Center Update : Finance Industry Center Update : Government Industry Center Update : Health Care Infrastructure Topic Center Update Linux & Open Source Topic Center Update Mid-Market Solutions Securing the Enterprise VoIP Topic Center Update What's Hot Now eWeekend         News and Reviews Slideshows IBM Aims Watson at Embodied Cognition Microsoft Advances 'Any Developer, Any App, Any Platform' Strategy Google Will Tag Frequent Violators of Its Site Safety Standards Intel Lights Up the Sky With New Shooting Star Drone Old School Polling Methods Hid Trump's Popularity With Voters 10 Reasons Not to Buy the Apple MacBo... Apple is scheduled to release the MacBook Pro with Touch Bar mid-No... Watch Now                             Topics by Type Android Apple Cloud Database Developer Enterprise Apps Innovation IT Management   Mobile Networking PC Hardware Security Servers Small Business Storage Virtualization Articles by Type News & Analysis Slideshows Blogs Reviews Video   Contact Us About eWeek Sitemap Blogs Security Watch Upfront First Read Storage Station Careers Google Watch Special Features eWeekChat eWeek 30th Anniversary Cloud Backup Project Center Next Generation Firewall Project Center Big Data Analytics Project Center Research Center       Property of QuinStreet Enterprise. Terms of Service | Licensing & Reprints | Privacy Policy | Advertise Copyright 2016 QuinStreet Inc. All Rights Reserved. Copyright 2016 QuinStreet Inc. All right reserved.<noscript></div>  
This web site uses cookies to improve your experience. By viewing our content, you are accepting the use of cookies. To find out more and change your cookie settings, please view our cookie policy. Edition: Asia Australia Europe India United Kingdom United States ZDNet around the globe: ZDNet Belgium ZDNet China ZDNet France ZDNet Germany ZDNet Korea ZDNet Japan Go Videos Smart City Windows 10 Cloud Innovation Security Apple more Data Centers Mobility IoT Enterprise Software Hardware AI, Automation, and Tech Jobs See All Topics White Papers Downloads Reviews Galleries Videos Newsletters All Writers Log In to ZDNET Join ZDNet About ZDNet Manage Profile Newsletters Author Alerts Discussion Alerts Recent Activity Log Out Go Menu Videos Smart City Windows 10 Cloud Innovation Security Apple Data Centers Mobility IoT Enterprise Software Hardware AI, Automation, and Tech Jobs See All Topics White Papers Downloads Reviews Galleries Videos Log In to ZDNET Join ZDNet About ZDNet Manage Profile Newsletters Author Alerts Discussion Alerts Recent Activity Log Out us Asia Australia Europe India United Kingdom United States ZDNet around the globe: ZDNet Belgium ZDNet China ZDNet France ZDNet Germany ZDNet Korea ZDNet Japan ​Samsung's Galaxy Note 7 fallout: From availability to dead in less than 8 weeks Samsung's decision to shelve the Galaxy Note 7 forever won't rank historically as other recalls from the likes of Merck, Johnson & Johnson and Toyota, but the fallout will be significant. By Larry Dignan for Between the Lines | October 11, 2016 -- 11:42 GMT (04:42 PDT) | Topic: Innovation Now the Samsung Galaxy Note 7 could become a collector's item--albeit one that's a bit dangerous. The Samsung Galaxy Note 7 is dead after less than 8 weeks from initial availability. Now it's time for the repercussions. Samsung had what appeared to be the perfect business-meets-personal device in the Galaxy Note 7. The reviews were strong, the device was sleek and it appeared that Samsung had one-upped Apple's iPhone 7, which was supposed to be an incremental upgrade. more galaxy note 7 Galaxy Note 8 is planned, Korean Note 7 buyers will get it half price ​Samsung ends Galaxy Note 7 production and sales, for good Exploding batteries: A serious charge Banned from all airline flights in US The fallout: From availability to dead in less than 8 weeks Will Note 7 failure kill Android? Here are some Note 7 alternatives Galaxy Note 7: The return process Owners are still using recalled Note 7 devices And then batteries started fires. Samsung moved quickly with a recall that had its issues and replaced devices. Then those replacement devices started catching fire too. Production ends abruptly. It's rare that a company conducts a recall and then the fix is just as faulty. Now the Samsung Galaxy Note 7 could become a collector's item--albeit one that's a bit dangerous. What remains to be seen is how Samsung's brand is hit in the long-run. Make no mistake that there's a lot riding on the Samsung brand. Consider: The Galaxy Note 7 was a flagship device that unified Samsung's high-end smartphones. Samsung's Galaxy Note 7 was a device that carried the innovation flag for the company. Sure, semiconductors and displays also scream innovation for Samsung, but components aren't as personal as smartphones. The company has a budding business-to-business unit that would have benefited from the Galaxy Note 7. And Samsung's handling of the recall, return and then ultimate end of the Note 7 raises many questions about the company. That handling could impact all of Samsung's product lines in the home. Initially, there's no need to panic. Toyota (faulty pedals), Takata (air bags), Merck (Vioxx), Johnson & Johnson (Tylenol) and many other companies have all had massive product recalls and recovered. The fact that the Galaxy Note 7's product cycle went a bit more than 7 weeks indicates that the damage could be limited. Macquarie analyst Daniel Kim said in a research note: The prolonged negative publicity does not help Samsung brand value. However, as long as this is a fleeting issue and can be fixed in the coming Galaxy S8 phone. That view may be optimistic. Here's the rub. The Galaxy S8 is going to suffer some fallout. There will inevitably be a punch line or two. And a Galaxy Note 8 will face intense scrutiny. Battery jokes will persist. Here's a look at the fallout: Samsung's brand as an engineering and device innovator takes a hit. There's no way around the fact that Samsung rushed the Galaxy Note 7 out too quickly. The company needs a full investigation and post mortem about what went wrong. Controls need to be revamped. And Samsung has to conduct and publish its internal investigation publicly and transparently. Google could become a high-end hardware maker. Google launched its latest smartphone with the Pixel and Pixel XL last week and outlined a series of innovations that are interesting. The problem for tech buyers is that the price is high for the Pixel. However, Samsung may cede that premium price point position and Google could grab it. Google's hardware event: First peek at Pixel... SEE FULL GALLERY 1 - 5 of 39 NEXT PREV Apple gains. The iPhone 7 is an opening act for the 10th anniversary device next year, but Apple has solidified its reputation for quality at Samsung's expense. The Android ecosystem heads to the bottom. Samsung is the strongest hardware player in the Android ecosystem. Samsung's issues with the Galaxy Note 7 will entice a bevy of lower-end rivals to move up market. There's a reason that Google is taking its own hardware fate into its hands--the Android hardware field has a lot of questions. See: Made in China: Four horsemen of the iPhone apocalypse. Samsung takes a big financial hit. From development to dud to dead Samsung will lose a lot of money on the Galaxy Note 7. Some of the technologies such as iris scanning will live on, but the development of the Galaxy Note 7 will deliver no returns. Samsung has its component businesses that carry the company, but the costs are going to be high. Now the Samsung Galaxy Note 7 is dead, here... SEE FULL GALLERY 1 - 5 of 6 NEXT PREV Join Discussion Powered by Livefyre Add your Comment Related Stories Innovation ​Licences go digital in New South Wales Innovation Artificial skin improves home care robots Artificial Intelligence ​How an Indian firm predicted a Trump victory when every American pollster got it wrong Artificial Intelligence Google Soli: Palm-sized radar could rev up checkouts by telling apples from oranges Newsletters You have been successfully signed up. To sign up for more newsletters or to manage your account, visit the Newsletter Subscription Center. Subscription failed. See All See All ZDNet Connect with us © 2016 CBS Interactive. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | Cookies | Ad Choice | Advertise | Terms of Use | Mobile User Agreement Visit other CBS Interactive sites: Select SiteCBS CaresCBS FilmsCBS RadioCBS.comCBSInteractiveCBSNews.comCBSSports.comChowhoundCNETCollege NetworksGameSpotLast.fmMaxPrepsMetacritic.comMoneywatchmySimonRadio.comSearch.comShopper.comShowtimeTechRepublicThe InsiderTV.comUrbanBaby.comZDNet Topics All Authors Galleries Videos About ZDNet Meet The Team Site Map RSS Feeds Reprint Policy Manage | Log Out Log In to ZDNET | Join ZDNet Membership Newsletters Site Assistance

Menu Search here Home Articles Newswires Videos UK INVESTOR SHOW BIOTECH CAPITAL TECH CAPITAL MINES & MONEY OIL COUNCIL MINING CAPITAL OIL CAPITAL Big Picture Columnists Companies All Companies All Featured UK Featured North America Featured Australia Featured Events All events 24 November 2016. 6pm 08 December 2016. 6pm 12 January 2017. 6pm Highlights All Market Reports Columns Presentations Crowdfunding Elevator Pitch Energy All Big Picture Articles Newswires Market Reports Columns Videos Presentations Conferences Mining All Big Picture Articles Newswires Market Reports Columns Videos Presentations Conferences Tech All Big Picture Articles Newswires Market Reports Columns Videos Presentations Pharma & Biotech All Big Picture Articles Newswires Market Reports Columns Videos Presentations In Focus All Big Picture Articles Newswires Market Reports Columns Videos Presentations Sign-Up Login Watch us Like us Follow us Pro NA Pro AU Fuller Treacy Money Stocktube Mining Capital Oil Capital Tech Capital Biotech Capital Pro NAPro AU Pro HK FULLER TREACY MONEY StockTube Mining Capital Oil Capital Tech Capital Biotech Capital Sign up UNITED KINGDOM USA Australia Germany China Login × Login Email Password Sign in Did you forget your password? Click here for recovery Or login using... × Send Email To: * Separate multiple addresses with commas. From: Name: Please send me a copy Message: Verification code: * Enter the code from above Send × Preferences Profile Password Edit your personal details Email First Name Last Name Mobile/Cell Home/Daytime Work Gender Male Female Hometown Primary Country Corporate Website I want to get marketing materials from Proactive Investors More about yourself Tell us a little bit about you and your interests Occupation Portfolio Size No portfolio €1 - €49,000 €50,000 - €99,000 €100,000 - €499,000 €500,000 - €1,000,000 +€1000,000 Interest (You can select more then one) General Interest Educational Private Investor Professional Investor Institutional Investor Hedge Fund Manager Public Relations Financial Services Broker Media / Press Change your password Password Password Repeat × Contact Support Your email: * Problematic page url * Message * Verification code Enter the code from above * Home Articles Newswires Videos UK INVESTOR SHOW BIOTECH CAPITAL TECH CAPITAL MINES & MONEY OIL COUNCIL MINING CAPITAL OIL CAPITAL Big Picture Columnists Companies All Companies All Featured UK Featured North America Featured Australia Featured Events 24 November 2016. 6pm 08 December 2016. 6pm 12 January 2017. 6pm × Advanced Search Keyword Search by CHANNEL SECTOR MARKET AUTHOR Energy Mining Pharma & Biotech Tech In Focus Aerospace Aerospace & Defense Agribusiness Automobiles & Parts Banks Basic Materials Beverages Broadcasting & Entertainment Building Material & Fixtures Business Support Services Capital Goods Chemicals Cleantech and Renewable Energy Clothing & Footwear Computer Hardware Computer Services Construction & Materials Consumer Finance Consumer Services Diamonds & Gemstones Education Electronic & Electrical Equipment Energy Engineering Equity Instruments ETF - Exchange-Traded Fund Exploration & Production Financial Financial Admin Food & Beverages Food & Drug Retailers Forestry & Paper Furnishings Gambling General Financials General Industry General Mining General Mining - Coal General Mining - Copper General Mining - Diamonds & Gemstones General Mining - Gold General Mining - Iron Ore and Bauxite General Mining - Moly, Chrome, Tungsten & Manganese General Mining - Nickel and Cobalt General Mining - Platinum Group Metals General Mining - Potash and Phosphate General Mining - Rare Earth Minerals General Mining - Silver General Mining - Uranium & Lithium General Mining - Zinc, Lead and Tin General Retailers Gold Mining Growth Companies Health Care, Equipment & Services Industrial Machinery Industrial Metals Industrial Suppliers Insurance Integrated Oil & Gas Internet Internet Investment Funds & Companies Investment Services IT Hardware Leisure Manufacturing Media & Publishing Medical Cannabis Mining Mobile Communications Multiutilities Nonequity Investment Instruments Oil & Gas Oil & Gas Equipment & Services Oil & Gas Exploration & Production Other Industry News Personal Products Pharma & Biotech Pharmaceuticals Platinum & Precious Metals Real Estate Real Estate Holding & Development Recreational Services Renewable Energy Restaurants, pubs Semiconductors Software & Computer Services Specialty Chemicals Specialty Finance Specialty Retailers Sports Support Services Tech Technology Hardware & Equipment Telecommunications Equipment Telecoms Telecoms services Transportation Travel Leisure Travel, Leisure & Hospitality Utilities All UK Markets All North American Markets PRIVATE AIM OTCQB PINK TMP AMEX LSE PLUS ASX TSX JSE NASDAQ FRA TSX-V OTCBB KRX OTC FFT NYSE XETRA ISE MCE CNSX COLOMBO NASDAQ OMX OSL GXG GSX NSX ISDX OTCMKTS EPA SGX Frankfurt Code NYSEMKT ETR HKG AEX Ian Mclelland Craig Ribton Ian Lyall Philip Whiterow Sam Kiri Ruth Gemmell Andrew McCrea John Phillips John Harrington Deborah Bacal Carrie Howes Brian Keane Peter Murray Jamie Ashcroft Giles Gwinnett Northland Capital Deborah Sterescu Charlotte Kan Anwar Ali Bevis Yeo Mourad Haroutunian Gordon Aldcorn Alessandro Bruno Jane Sully Jackie Steinitz Steve Asfour Natasha Barr Proactive Investors John McGoldrick SP Angel HB Markets Ransquawk Fuller Treavy Galvan Trader Talk Hybridan Fox-Davies Fat Prophets Alistair Strang Edison's weekly research summary The Naked Trader Keith Heddle Michael Millar Angus Warren Beaufort Securities Markets At A Glance Sprott Group Susan McKenzie Charlotte Kan Leigh Bolton Adam Sheldrake Sophie Barrowman Emma Milton Northland Capital IG Group Malcolm Graham-Wood Nick Huber Nicola Brown Andrew Neil Shard Capital Damon Heath Gareth Burchell Juliet Mann Jon Hopkins Accendo Markets Sarah Lowther Greg Watson Nigel Roberts . Fuller Treacy Money Philip Waller Jonathan Jones Alastair Ford Glen Jones Thomas Coleman Stewart Dalby Eithne Treanor RFC Ambrian Ben Marlow Richard Embrey Ebiquity Kieron Hodgson Stefania Barbaglio Sasha Sethi Jeremy Naylor Jamie Nimmo Carrie White George Matlock Josh Allsopp Tom Howard VSA Capital George Matlock Charles Breese Roger Lawson Andrew Scott Jonathon Narvey Jonathon Narvey Angela Kean Christine Feary Andre Lamberti Jeff Coote Sergei Balashov Brad Lemaire Joyanta Acharjee Olivia D'Orazio Jon Mainwaring Ross Louthean, Mineweb.net Fiona MacDonald Erin Sugar Richard Badauskas Metals Place Kam Patel Julie Crust Chris Shaw Dorothy Kosich Highlights Market Reports Columns Presentations Crowdfunding Elevator Pitch Energy Big Picture Articles Newswires Market Reports Columns Videos Presentations Mining Big Picture Articles Newswires Market Reports Columns Videos Presentations Tech Big Picture Articles Newswires Market Reports Columns Videos Presentations Pharma & Biotech Big Picture Articles Newswires Market Reports Columns Videos Presentations In Focus Big Picture Articles Newswires Market Reports Columns Videos Presentations Home News Newswires LON:NANO Picture is bright for quantum dots specialist Nanoco Share Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Email Print Download PDF version 07:22 11 Oct 2016 Nanoco is commercialising fluorescent nano-crystalline particles (quantum dots) of semiconductor materials that have unique chemical, electronic and optical properties thanks to their small size. The group is in a strong position to achieve rapid revenue growth Quantum dots specialist Nanoco Group PLC (LON:NANO) hailed its strategic shift to a non-exclusive approach to out-licensing in the display sector. Read Nanoco: selling tiny dots for big bucks The move had transformed the group's ability to commercialise its technology in display, chairman Christopher Richards told shareholders in the company’s full-year results statement. Since the announcement of the new strategy, the group has signed non-exclusive deals with Taiwan-headquartered Wah Hong Industrial Corporation and with Germany's Merck KGaA. These deals, together with the revised agreement with The Dow Chemical Company, put Nanoco in an excellent position to accelerate the commercialisation of its technology in display, Dr Richards said. “Combined with our solid cash position, we look forward to the future with confidence,” Dr Richards said. The company has cash and cash equivalents at the end of July of £14.51mln, down from £24.31mln the year before. Revenue in the year declined to £474,000 from £2.03mln the year before, including two quarters of revenue from the Dow Chemical deal. Billings in July 2016, which are deferred into future years, amounted to £1.18 million. The loss before tax widened to £12.6mln from £10.9mln the previous year. As well as the extra freedom given to the company by its new licensing strategy in the display sector chief executive Michael Edelman highlighted the improvements to Nanoco’s production processes, which have dramatically increased the quality and the yield of its cadmium-free quantum dots. “One effect of this is to substantially increase production capacity at our Runcorn, UK, facility without significant capital expenditure or the building of new production lines. Nanoco now has the capacity to be a commercial supplier of cadmium-free quantum dots for display and other applications, considerably advancing the group's manufacturing strategy,” Edelman said. The expectation is that there will be three manufacturing plants across the globe producing Nanoco’s quantum dot products: Nanoco’s plant in Runcorn; Dow Chemical’s mass production plant in South Korea; and a mass production plant to be built by Merck. Although Dow no longer has exclusive rights over commercialisation of Nanoco’s technology, it remains committed to marketing it under the TREVISTA brand name.  Dow has received increased sample requests over the past few months for TREVISTA cadmium-free quantum dots, which are being fulfilled exclusively from Dow's Cheonan facility, Nanoco revealed.  In parallel, the application of Nanoco's improved manufacturing processes to Dow continues to progress. “Our confidence is underpinned by a very positive market backdrop for our technology in the display industry, underlined by DisplaySearch's forecast that 18.7 million quantum dot TVs will be shipped in 2019,” Edelman said. Share Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Email Print Download PDF version John Harrington Register here to be notified of future NANO Company articles View full NANO profile Nanoco Group Timeline Video October 17 2016 Nanoco boss: ‘All the big TV brands want our technology’ Newswire August 08 2016 Nanoco dips on lower revenue but says trading is “in line” with expectations Article March 31 2016 Nanoco Group Plc’s new Dow deal opens opportunity, but also uncertainty Newswire August 05 2010 Nanoco gets US$600,000 milestone payment from Japanese electronics company Article November 02 2009 Nanoco: selling tiny dots for big bucks Newswire September 23 2009 Nanoco signs further agreement with major Japanese electronics company View All RSS Portfolio Follow Only registred members can create thier own customized alerts. Register or Log in Help Only registered members can add into watchlist. Register or Log in Nanoco Group View full company profile Nanoco Group partners major R&D and blue-chip industrial organisations in the development of applications incorporating semiconductor nanoparticles, “quantum dots”. Nanoco Group is traded in the ISDX Exchange HERE Nanoco Group partners major R&D and blue-chip industrial organisations in the development of applications incorporating semiconductor nanoparticles, “quantum dots”. Nanoco Group is traded in the ISDX Exchange HERE Hide text Market: LSE EPIC: NANO Market Cap: 110.77M Latest Price: 46.50p  (2.76% ) 52-week H/L: 81.50p / 35.25p Sector: Semiconductors 1day 1year Loading charts Related Video Nanoco boss: ‘All the big TV brands want our technology’ October 17 2016 See more related videos Nanoco Group RNS announcements 2016-11-07 TR-1 NOTIFICATION OF MAJOR INTEREST IN SHARES2016-11-03 Annual Report & Accounts 20162016-10-17 Director Share Purchase2016-10-17 Notification of Major Interest in Shares2016-10-14 Director Share Purchase2016-10-13 Director Share Purchase2016-10-13 Notification of Major Interest in Shares2016-10-11 Preliminary Results2016-10-07 Update re Unaudited Revenues2016-10-04 Webcast of Preliminary Results2016-09-20 Notification of Preliminary Results2016-09-08 Notification of major interest in shares2016-08-31 Notification of Major Interest in Shares2016-08-31 Total Voting Rights2016-08-30 Block Listing Six Monthly Return2016-08-18 Notification of Major Interest in Shares2016-08-17 Notification of Major Interest in Shares2016-08-17 Change of Adviser2016-08-10 Notification of Major Interest in Shares2016-08-08 Nanoco to present at Canaccord Conference View all announcements Proactive Investors Recommended MaxCyte's hybrid model will appeal to UK investors URU Metals chief Zorbas thinking big Redx Pharma's breakthrough superbug drug beats current "last resort" International: NA AU DE CN Our Company Term & Conditions The Team Contact us Newsletter Sitemap Cookies Partners: Follow us: © Proactive Investors 2016 Proactive Investor UK Limited, trading as “Proactiveinvestors United Kingdom”, is Authorised and regulated by the Financial Conduct Authority. Registered in England with Company Registration number 05639690. Group VAT registration number 872070825 FCA Registration number 559082. You can contact us here.
MarketWatch Markets Stream Days Active Updates 1684 55724 Share Tweet   Markets Stream gives you a single place to follow live updates of markets moves and commentary, plus relevant insight from the web and social media. Here’s how it works. (Photo: Getty Images) Copyright ©2012 Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All Right Reserved ACAP ENABLED Last Updated: September 1, 9:30 AM Load More Select Content All Cancel Apply

News Specialties CME / CE Collections Medical News Latest Medical News Health Policy Practice Management Public Health Washington Watch Meeting Coverage Blogs & Columns Specialties Allergy & Immunology Anesthesiology Cardiology Critical Care Dermatology Emergency Medicine Endocrinology Gastroenterology Genetics Geriatrics HIV / AIDS Hospital-Based Medicine Infectious Disease Nephrology Neurology Nursing OB / GYN Oncology / Hematology Ophthalmology Orthopedics Pain Management Pathology Pediatrics Primary Care Psychiatry Pulmonology Radiology Rheumatology Surgery Transplantation Urology Continuing Medical Education CME / CE Clinical Context State Required CME Graduate Medical Education CME Tracker Mastery Of Medicine Collections AGA Reading Room ASCO Reading Room Surveys Quizzes Special Reports Sign Up Log In Sign Up Log In Search CardioBrief: USPSTF Finalizes Statin Primary Prevention Guide, Debate Ensues cme/ce Liver Cancer Rare After HCV Therapy cme/ce CD4+ T-Cell Counts May Predict Rituximab Response in RA Readmission Penalties Are Punishing Safety-Net Hospitals Tweets of the Week: Honoring Vets LATEST MEDICAL NEWS Meeting Coverage cme/ce Anti-PD-1 Drugs Vie for Urothelial Cancer Indication Pembrolizumab active in cisplatin-ineligible disease, nivolumab in recurrence MedpageToday savesaved register today Earn Free CME Credits by reading the latest medical news in your specialty.sign up by Charles Bankhead Charles Bankhead Senior Associate Editor, MedPage Today October 12, 2016 Action Points Note that this study was published as an abstract and presented at a conference. These data and conclusions should be considered to be preliminary until published in a peer-reviewed journal. Note that an uncontrolled trial of the PD-1 inhibitor pembrolizumab for cisplatin-ineligible metastatic urothelial cancer found a 24% objective response rate that increased with PD-1 expression. A different trial, evaluating the PD-1 inhibitor nivolumab in patients with metastatic urothelial cancer who had received prior treatment also showed promising results. COPENHAGEN -- Two more anti-PD-1 drugs demonstrated activity in metastatic urothelial cancer, staking a claim to indication territory already occupied by a third drug in the class. One-fourth of patients with cisplatin-ineligible disease responded to first-line treatment with pembrolizumab (Keytruda), and a cut point for PD-L1 expression of ≥10% appeared to identify patients most likely to respond to the immune checkpoint inhibitor. Treatment with nivolumab (Opdivo) led to a 20% response rate in patients with previously treated metastatic urothelial cancer. Earlier this year, atezolizumab (Tecentriq) received FDA approval for locally advanced or metastatic urothelial cancer that progressed on prior therapy. Nivolumab received breakthrough therapy designation from the FDA as a potential second-line therapy for metastatic urothelial cancer, and pembrolizumab investigation as first-line therapy for advanced urothelial cancer will continue in a randomized, phase III trial, as reported here at the European Society for Medical Oncology (ESMO). "Pembrolizumab has substantial activity with a favorable safety profile as first-line therapy in cisplatin-ineligible patients with metastatic bladder cancer," said Arjun Balar, MD, of NYU Langone Medical Center in New York City. "The biomarker cut point will need to be validated in the larger study population, but seems to identify patients most likely to respond to pembrolizumab well." "Immunotherapy is rapidly redefining our treatment approach for patients facing this dreadful disease," he added. ESMO clinical expert Maria De Santis, MD, of the University of Warwick in England, noted that the response rate with pembrolizumab appeared slightly lower than what has been observed with chemotherapy in first line, but the duration of response to the PD-1 inhibitor appeared longer. Speaking to results of both studies, De Santis agreed with Balar that "immune checkpoint inhibitors have started to alter the therapeutic landscape for bladder cancer. We expect even more dramatic changes in the coming years with the use of immunotherapy in other clinical stages and as combination therapy." Cisplatin-based chemotherapy remains standard of care as first-line treatment for advanced urothelial cancer. However, a substantial proportion of patients have impaired renal function, poor performance status, or other medical conditions that make them ineligible for cisplatin. Until the recent emergence of immunotherapy, alternatives to cisplatin remained limited. Pembrolizumab Data Balar reported findings from a phase II, open-label evaluation of pembrolizumab as first-line therapy for patients with cisplatin-ineligible advanced urothelial cancer. The presentation included data from a planned interim analysis of the first 100 patients enrolled in the ongoing trial, which has an accrual target of 352 patients. The primary objectives of the trial are to evaluate the objective response rate and determine the cut point for high PD-L1 expression. Secondary objectives include duration of response, progression-free survival (PFS), overall survival, and objective response rate by different levels of PD-L1 expression. The 100 patients had a median age of 75, and the primary reasons for cisplatin ineligibility were poor performance status and renal dysfunction (43% and 45%, respectively). Balar reported that 24 of the 100 patients attained objective responses with pembrolizumab, including six patients who had complete responses. An additional 15 patients had stable disease. More than half of the patients had some regression of target lesions. After a median follow-up of 8 months, the median duration of response had yet to be reached but ranged from 1.4 to 9.8 months. Among responding patients, duration of response was 6 months or longer in 83%. An analysis of PD-L1 expression in tumor cells and infiltrating immune cells established a tentative cutoff of ≥10% as expression level beyond which the response rate did not appear to improve. At that cutoff, 11 of 30 (37%) patients attained objective responses, as compared with six of 33 (18%) patients with PD-L1 expression <1% and five of 33 (15%) patients with expression levels of 1% to <10%. The most common adverse events (all grades) were fatigue (14%) and pruritus (12%). The most frequently reported immune-mediate adverse event was hypothyroidism (6%, all grade 2). Nivolumab Results The nivolumab study involved 270 patients with advanced urothelial cancer that had progressed during or after platinum-based chemotherapy. The trial had a primary endpoint of objective response rate, and secondary/exploratory endpoints included PFS, overall survival, safety, quality of life, and biomarkers associated with efficacy, said Matthew Galsky, MD, of the Icahn School of Medicine at Mount Sinai in New York City. Median patient age was 66. About 30% of patients had received two or more prior regimens for advanced urothelial cancer, and a similar proportion received nivolumab as initial treatment. Galsky reported that 46% of patients had tumors with ≥1% PD-L1 expression and 31% had ≥5% ligand expression. Overall, 19.6% of the patients achieved objective responses, including complete responses in 2.3%. An additional 23% of patients had stable disease. The response rate increased from PD-L1 expression from 16.1% for patients with PD-L1 expression <1% to 28.4% for those with PD-L1 expression ≥5%. Of the 52 responding patients followed for at least 6 months, duration of response had yet to be reached (7.4 months to not reached), and 40 of 52 patients had ongoing responses. The median PFS for all patients was 2.0 months, including 1.87 months in association with PD-L1 expression <1% and 3.55 months for PD-L1 expression ≥1%. The entire study population had a median overall survival of 8.74 months, including 5.95 months for PD-L1 expression <1% and 11.30 months for PD-L1 expression ≥1%. The most common adverse events (all grades) were fatigue (16.7%), pruritus (9.3%), diarrhea (8.9%), decreased appetite (8.1%), hypothyroidism (7.8%), and nausea (7.0%). The most common grade 3/4 adverse events were fatigue and diarrhea (1.9% each). The pembrolizumab study was supported by Merck and the nivolumab study by Bristol-Myers Squibb. Balar disclosed relationships with Merck, Genentech/Roche, and AstraZeneca/Medimmune. Galsky disclosed relationships with Bristol-Myers Squibb, Genentech, Merck, Novartis, Astellas, Dendreon, Janssen, and Dual Therapeutics. Reviewed by F. Perry Wilson, MD, MSCE Assistant Professor, Section of Nephrology, Yale School of Medicine and Dorothy Caputo, MA, BSN, RN, Nurse Planner 2016-10-12T14:00:00-0400 Primary Source European Society for Medical Oncology Source Reference: Balar AJ, et al "First-lilne pembrolizumab in cisplatin-ineligible unresectable or metastatic urothelial cancer: Interim results for KEYNOTE-052" ESMO 2016; Abstract LBA32_PR. Secondary Source European Society for Medical Oncology Source Reference: Galsky MD, et al "Efficacy and saety of nivolumab monotherapy in patients with metastatic urothelial cancer (mUC) who have received prior treatment. Results form the phase II CheckMate 275 study" ESMO 2016; Abstract LBA31_PR. take posttest 0 comments Next More in Meeting Coverage CardioBrief: USPSTF Finalizes Statin Primary Prevention Guide, Debate Ensues Liver Cancer Rare After HCV Therapy Fibrosis Risk High in Kids With Transplanted Livers Brain Implant Helps Locked-In Patient Communicate Marked Sex Difference Seen in Drug-Induced Liver Failure AAOPT: Study Finds Dry Eye Cases on Rise Botox-Type Drugs Can Treat Many Eye Conditions Fuzzy Results for Vision Tests in Kids Next Article MedPageToday is a trusted and reliable source for clinical and policy coverage that directly affects the lives and practices of health care professionals. Physicians and other healthcare professionals may also receive Continuing Medical Education (CME) and Continuing Education (CE) credits at no cost for participating in MedPage Today-hosted educational activities. © 2016 MedPage Today, LLC. All rights reserved. Use of this site constitutes acceptance of the MedPageToday.com terms of use and privacy policy. The material on this site is for informational purposes only, and is not a substitute for medical advice, diagnosis or treatment provided by a qualified health care provider. About Help Center Site Map Advertise with Us
HOME EDITION News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Investing Trading Nation Financial Advisors Personal Finance CNBC Explains Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Recode Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows Watch Live CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Full Episodes More Log In | Register Log Out News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Consumer Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Halftime Portfolio Squawk Box Portfolio Take a Tour Subscribe Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Investing Trading Nation Financial Advisors Personal Finance CNBC Explains Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Recode Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Special Reports Investor Toolkit Advisor Insight ETF Strategist Portfolio Perspective Tech Drivers CNBC IQ 100 Original Series Executive Edge Trading Nation Futures Now Retire Well The Pulse @ 1 Market The Bottom Line CNBC Events Davos Delivering Alpha eMerge Americas iCONIC Conference Cambridge Cyber Summit Sohn Conference Follow CNBC EDITION Register Log In Profile Email Preferences PRO Sign Out Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Halftime Portfolio Squawk Box Portfolio Take a Tour Subscribe LIVE TV Watch CNBC TV Watch CNBC Pro Watchlist X × × × The Big Crunch How Samsung's recall compares to the biggest ever Mark Fahey | Nicholas Wells Wednesday, 12 Oct 2016 | 12:05 PM ETCNBC.com SHARES Shawn L. Minter | AP This Oct. 9, 2016 photo shows a damaged Samsung Galaxy Note 7 on a table in Richmond, Va., after it caught fire earlier in the day. Between Samsung phones, Chipotle burritos and Volkswagen diesel engines, it seems like it's been the year of recalls. It begs the question: How big is the Samsung recall, compared with all the others? The Korean electronics giant announced Tuesday that it will halt production of its Galaxy Note 7 smartphone just weeks after U.S. regulators issued a recall of 1 million of the model for risk of catching fire. According to reports, the replacement models were also defective. Samsung's market capitalization shed about $18 billion following the news. The fiasco will probably cost the company billions, but it's hard to compare against other major product recalls. Any kind of item can be recalled, and there's no single source for information on those recalls. Instead, there's a patchwork of at least seven government agencies, each of which is tasked with tracking recalls of a particular type of product. That alphabet soup of government agencies — including the NHTSA, CPSC, FDA and EPA — are all linked at www.Recalls.gov, a supposedly one-stop shop for recall information that really just points the user back to each individual agency's website. Each agency has its own units for tracking recalls: pounds of meat, units of defective vending machine jewelry, or bags of glass-contaminated bread. Here's a look at how each organization tracks its recalls, and the biggest ones on record. 143 million pounds of beef The USDA keeps what is probably the most useful and organized recall data out of all the big regulators, including the danger level, reason for the recall, and number of pounds affected. The majority of recalls are for food-borne bacteria like e. coli and listeria. The biggest USDA recall on record was the February 2008 recall of 143.4 million pounds of fresh and frozen beef products from Westland/Hallmark Meat, a California processor that had slaughtered unhealthy cattle that couldn't walk — a clear violation of meat-handling standards, because that's a possible symptom of mad cow disease and other illnesses. Before the recall was announced, about 50 million pounds of the meat were distributed in school lunches and other federal programs (the company even won school "supplier of the year"). Even though the risk was considered small and some of the beef had already been consumed, two years worth of meat production was recalled, and the cost forced the company into bankruptcy. Eight people sickened in listeria outbreak The Obama administration once proposed creating a single agency tasked with food safety overall, but regulation is still split between the USDA's responsibilities and most other foods, which are handled by the FDA along with drugs and medical products. An FDA spokesperson said the agency didn't have data organized in a way that would allow them to identify the largest recalls on record. Indeed, though the agency publishes the quantity recalled, there isn't much consistency in how information is recorded. A recall might involve "3,560 sandwiches," "10 pallets," "4 boxes," or "dozens," "units," "bags," "cases," "pieces of oysters," "pounds" or "jars" of recalled foods. In our research, it appears that the single largest food recall for the FDA took place only a few months ago. Starting in 2013, nine people were sickened by listeria that appeared to come from fruits and vegetables produced by CRF Frozen Foods. The products had been shipped throughout the U.S., Canada and Mexico as part of more than 40 brands at major retailers. The recall in early 2016 affected over 150 million pounds of products, according to FDA records, and millions more in products that were made with the fruits and vegetables. The FDA's drug recall data is also hard to work with. Likely one of the most costly drug recalls in recent history was Merck's 2004 recall of Vioxx, an arthritis medicine worth billions of dollars in revenue each year. At the time of the recall, Vioxx was being used by millions of people, and potentially thousands of deaths were linked to the drug. The company lost potential revenue in the tens of billions and paid at least $6 billion in settlements. Getty Images Used cars of German carmaker Volkswagen stand on display at a Volkswagen car dealership on September 22, 2015 in Berlin, Germany. Volkswagen's $15 billion settlement The EPA has jurisdiction over recalls involving pesticides, rodenticides, fungicides and vehicle emission testing. The agency doesn't seem to keep data on those recalls on its website and did not provide figures by press time. Nonetheless, it is likely that the biggest recall in the agency's history will be for Volkswagen, after that company was found to have cheated on emissions tests. In a nearly $15 billion dollar settlement this year, Volkswagen agreed to give owners the option to sell back the car or have their vehicles modified, and must have an overall recall rate of at least 85 percent or pay additional fees. The company will also be required to fund projects to improve infrastructure and reduce emissions. Faulty airbags The biggest vehicle recall ever ordered by the National Highway Traffic Safety Administration was for 32 million Fix-a-Flat tire inflators sold by Pennzoil-Quaker State, according to figures shared by an NHTSA spokesperson. The tires repaired with the kits were found to explode when exposed to extreme heat. That's a large single recall, but reports indicate that it only cost the company about $25 million. If we take into account scope and cost, it's more fair to say that the actual largest vehicle recall in history is actually a combination of several recalls for Takata airbags beginning in 2014. The airbags could injure or kill occupants with their forceful deployment. Takata airbags were included in more than 200 million vehicles from 14 different automakers and at least 10 deaths have been linked to the malfunction. About 50 million airbags have been recalled so far, but the total cost of the recall could cost Takata as much as $24 billion. Getty Images A deployed airbag is seen in a 2001 Honda Accord at the LKQ Pick Your Part salvage yard on May 22, 2015 in Medley, Florida. The largest automotive recall in history centers around the defective Takata Corp. air bags that are found in millions of vehicles that are manufactured by BMW, Chrysler, Daimler Trucks, Ford, General Motors, Honda, Mazda, Mitsubishi, Nissan, Subaru and Toyota. ( 150 million pieces of lead-tainted jewelry Consumer products is one category of recalls most people are familiar with. We generally hear about them described in terms of the number of units recalled. The Consumer Product Safety Commission (CPSC) is the government agency tasked with regulating the safety of thousands of types of consumer products in the nation. It also handles recalls for those products: Everything from craft paint to office furniture. According to figure provided by a CPSC spokesperson, the biggest recall was vending machine jewelry made by the Genuine Toy & Joy company in 2004. The jewelry was found to have an unsafe amount of lead and 150 million pieces were recalled. But no one was actually hurt by the lead-tainted jewelry. Compare that to the recall with the next highest number of units, that of some 50 million Roman and Roll-Up Shades in 2010. At least one death by strangulation was linked to the shades, and at least 23 other injuries were reported. Mark FaheyData Journalist Nicholas WellsData Journalist Related Securities Symbol Price   Change %Change CMG --- SSGQF --- SHOW COMMENTS Please add a username to view or add comments Public Username for Commenting JOIN THE DISCUSSION To learn more about how we use your information, please read our Privacy Policy and Terms of Service. Binge Filmmaker Ken Burns is scared of what he sees in Donald Trump By: Josh Ascher, CNBC producer Here’s what Steve Jobs had to give Ken Burns to create the 'Ken Burns' effect for iMovie The Ken Burns binge effect: Steve Jobs, Donald Trump and the birth of binge-watching    Ken Burns: The media gets Steve Jobs wrong    Steve Jobs once told Ken Burns he should ditch PBS because they weren’t paying him enough
Wednesday, October 12, 2016  |  Muharram 11, 1438 Business Things to do Today UAE Prayer Times People & Politics UAE Weather Sign In Things to do Today UAE Prayer Times People & Politics UAE Weather Edit Profile Sign Out UAE World Business Sport Arts & Life Opinion Blogs Personal Finance Aviation Banking Economy Energy The Life Markets Media Property Retail Technology Telecoms Travel & Tourism Aster DM’s blood sugar and pressure monitoring programme costs Dh999 a year. The company expects to enrol 2,000 patients in the first six months. Satish Kumar / The National Aster DM launches digital monitoring for patients in UAE Sananda Sahoo October 12, 2016 Updated: October 12, 2016 07:56 PM Related Aster DM buys into Abu Dhabi’s day care clinical services Healthcare leads UAE jobs market but overall employment listings online down 22% Aster DM’s healthy growth with online pharmacy launch Aster DM opens first Medcare clinic in Sharjah Aster DM has launched a cloud-based technology that allows patients to manage diabetes and hypertension from home as lifestyle diseases prove beneficial to healthcare companies. After a four-month pilot study involving 100 patients, the Dubai healthcare company launched two mobile applications that patients can use to input their sugar and blood pressure readings from home. The information goes to Aster DM’s health data management centre and in case of any fluctuations in the readings, the patient gets a call from the physician. Patients can sign up for the programme for Dh999 a year, which includes blood glucose and blood pressure monitoring devices. The apps, iFora Diabetes Manager and iFora BP, are free to download and available on Android and iOS. The home-monitoring programme is not covered through insurance, said Alisha Moopen, the executive director and chief executive for hospitals and clinics in the Arabian Gulf region at Aster DM. The company expects to enrol about 2,000 patients in the programme within six months. "You see these lifestyle diseases across the board, among locals as well as expats and in more and more younger people," Ms Moopen said. Diabetes and hypertension can be inherited, but are also side-effects of a sedentary lifestyle and a high-calorie diet. Of the UAE’s 7.4 million population, about 1 million people in the 20 to 79-year-old group had diabetes last year, according to the Brussels-based advocacy group International Diabetes Federation. While countrywide data for hypertension is not available, in Dubai alone 3.5 per cent of the population suffers from hypertension, according to the Dubai Healthcare Authority (DHA). The high prevalence of diabetes in the UAE poses a burgeoning disease management segment for healthcare companies. This week, Ras Al Khaimah-based pharmaceutical manufacturer Julphar launched two new medications in the UAE for the management of type 2 diabetes. Julphar will supply these medications as part of its deal with the US pharma company Merck Sharp & Dohme. Its plant in Ras Al Khaimah has the capacity to manufacture 40 million vials of insulin a year. In December, it launched a real-time continuous glucose level monitoring device in the UAE. Aster DM is also working on electronic dispensing of medications and online consultation with its physicians that would enable patients access care from home. Both the digital platforms are currently awaiting licensing approval from DHA. The Dubai company expects to float an initial public offering on the Bombay Stock Exchange in the next six to 12 months, Ms Moopen said. ssahoo@thenational.ae Follow The National’s Business section on Twitter Pages: Add your comment View all comments Related Aster DM buys into Abu Dhabi’s day care clinical services Healthcare leads UAE jobs market but overall employment listings online down 22% Aster DM’s healthy growth with online pharmacy launch Aster DM opens first Medcare clinic in Sharjah More Technology Saudi Arabia and Alabbar eye online retail domination Stand-alone VR headsets can outperform add-ons like Rift Alibaba smashes Singles’ Day record as Chinese consumers open wallets Trump fills the empty space that tech created MOST VIEWED Business | All Abu Dhabi’s Royal Jet offers VIP alternative to travelling first class Etihad Airways on the lookout for new pilots in Europe Saudi Arabia and Alabbar eye online retail domination Dubai Parks operator aims to lift revenue as costs rise Trump election win looms large over World Economic Forum event in Dubai Head of GE Oil & Gas says oil industry cuts not done yet A380s and Boeing 777s make up Emirates’ entire fleet as it scores a world’s first Renault faces criminal inquiry over emissions cheating suspicions Agility in search of PPP deals in the UAE says its chief executive India’s currency move will hit property and gold More Most Viewed UAE detection stations fully operational after meteor hits Abu Dhabi Girl, 16, trafficked to Dubai and forced into prostitution, court hears American-Iranian political tensions will only escalate Watch out for the supermoon on Monday Abu Dhabi’s Royal Jet offers VIP alternative to travelling first class This Moon will be truly super Having trouble saving money in the UAE? Try zero sum budgeting and ‘spend’ every dirham Muhammad Surur and the normalisation of extremism Louvre Abu Dhabi announces first contemporary art installations UAE diabetes cases have risen by 35 per cent since 2014, experts say More Most Viewed Back to the top EDITOR'S PICKS India’s currency move will hit property and gold President Trump - What exactly does that mean? Where Dubai rents have risen and fallen, H1 2016 – in pictures Where Abu Dhabi rents have risen and fallen, H1 2016 – in pictures FOLLOW US Tweets by @TheNationalUAE SPOTLIGHT Watch out for the supermoon on Monday Hate crime and Islamophobia increases after Trump victory About us Contact us Work with us Privacy policy Terms and conditions Advertise with us Subscribe Sitemap super.ae alittihad.ae thenational.ae anazahra.com ngalarabiya.com adtv.ae adradio.ae admedia.ae
Wednesday, October 12, 2016  |  Muharram 11, 1438 Business Things to do Today UAE Prayer Times People & Politics UAE Weather Sign In Things to do Today UAE Prayer Times People & Politics UAE Weather Edit Profile Sign Out UAE World Business Sport Arts & Life Opinion Blogs Personal Finance Aviation Banking Economy Energy The Life Markets Media Property Retail Technology Telecoms Travel & Tourism Aster DM’s blood sugar and pressure monitoring programme costs Dh999 a year. The company expects to enrol 2,000 patients in the first six months. Satish Kumar / The National Aster DM launches digital monitoring for patients in UAE Sananda Sahoo October 12, 2016 Updated: October 12, 2016 07:56 PM Related Aster DM buys into Abu Dhabi’s day care clinical services Healthcare leads UAE jobs market but overall employment listings online down 22% Aster DM’s healthy growth with online pharmacy launch Aster DM opens first Medcare clinic in Sharjah Aster DM has launched a cloud-based technology that allows patients to manage diabetes and hypertension from home as lifestyle diseases prove beneficial to healthcare companies. After a four-month pilot study involving 100 patients, the Dubai healthcare company launched two mobile applications that patients can use to input their sugar and blood pressure readings from home. The information goes to Aster DM’s health data management centre and in case of any fluctuations in the readings, the patient gets a call from the physician. Patients can sign up for the programme for Dh999 a year, which includes blood glucose and blood pressure monitoring devices. The apps, iFora Diabetes Manager and iFora BP, are free to download and available on Android and iOS. The home-monitoring programme is not covered through insurance, said Alisha Moopen, the executive director and chief executive for hospitals and clinics in the Arabian Gulf region at Aster DM. The company expects to enrol about 2,000 patients in the programme within six months. "You see these lifestyle diseases across the board, among locals as well as expats and in more and more younger people," Ms Moopen said. Diabetes and hypertension can be inherited, but are also side-effects of a sedentary lifestyle and a high-calorie diet. Of the UAE’s 7.4 million population, about 1 million people in the 20 to 79-year-old group had diabetes last year, according to the Brussels-based advocacy group International Diabetes Federation. While countrywide data for hypertension is not available, in Dubai alone 3.5 per cent of the population suffers from hypertension, according to the Dubai Healthcare Authority (DHA). The high prevalence of diabetes in the UAE poses a burgeoning disease management segment for healthcare companies. This week, Ras Al Khaimah-based pharmaceutical manufacturer Julphar launched two new medications in the UAE for the management of type 2 diabetes. Julphar will supply these medications as part of its deal with the US pharma company Merck Sharp & Dohme. Its plant in Ras Al Khaimah has the capacity to manufacture 40 million vials of insulin a year. In December, it launched a real-time continuous glucose level monitoring device in the UAE. Aster DM is also working on electronic dispensing of medications and online consultation with its physicians that would enable patients access care from home. Both the digital platforms are currently awaiting licensing approval from DHA. The Dubai company expects to float an initial public offering on the Bombay Stock Exchange in the next six to 12 months, Ms Moopen said. ssahoo@thenational.ae Follow The National’s Business section on Twitter Pages: Add your comment View all comments Related Aster DM buys into Abu Dhabi’s day care clinical services Healthcare leads UAE jobs market but overall employment listings online down 22% Aster DM’s healthy growth with online pharmacy launch Aster DM opens first Medcare clinic in Sharjah More Technology Saudi Arabia and Alabbar eye online retail domination Stand-alone VR headsets can outperform add-ons like Rift Alibaba smashes Singles’ Day record as Chinese consumers open wallets Trump fills the empty space that tech created MOST VIEWED Business | All Abu Dhabi’s Royal Jet offers VIP alternative to travelling first class Etihad Airways on the lookout for new pilots in Europe Saudi Arabia and Alabbar eye online retail domination Dubai Parks operator aims to lift revenue as costs rise Trump election win looms large over World Economic Forum event in Dubai Head of GE Oil & Gas says oil industry cuts not done yet A380s and Boeing 777s make up Emirates’ entire fleet as it scores a world’s first Renault faces criminal inquiry over emissions cheating suspicions Agility in search of PPP deals in the UAE says its chief executive India’s currency move will hit property and gold More Most Viewed UAE detection stations fully operational after meteor hits Abu Dhabi Girl, 16, trafficked to Dubai and forced into prostitution, court hears American-Iranian political tensions will only escalate Watch out for the supermoon on Monday Abu Dhabi’s Royal Jet offers VIP alternative to travelling first class This Moon will be truly super Having trouble saving money in the UAE? Try zero sum budgeting and ‘spend’ every dirham Muhammad Surur and the normalisation of extremism Louvre Abu Dhabi announces first contemporary art installations UAE diabetes cases have risen by 35 per cent since 2014, experts say More Most Viewed Back to the top EDITOR'S PICKS India’s currency move will hit property and gold President Trump - What exactly does that mean? Where Dubai rents have risen and fallen, H1 2016 – in pictures Where Abu Dhabi rents have risen and fallen, H1 2016 – in pictures FOLLOW US Tweets by @TheNationalUAE SPOTLIGHT Watch out for the supermoon on Monday Hate crime and Islamophobia increases after Trump victory About us Contact us Work with us Privacy policy Terms and conditions Advertise with us Subscribe Sitemap super.ae alittihad.ae thenational.ae anazahra.com ngalarabiya.com adtv.ae adradio.ae admedia.ae
Contact Us Journalists Blog Log In Sign Up Send a Release News Solutions Resources Search News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News dansk Deutsch español Français italiano Nederlands norsk português suomeksi svenska Psoriasis KOL Insight News provided by ReportBuyer Oct 11, 2016, 19:30 ET Share this article LONDON, Oct. 11, 2016 /PRNewswire/ -- Will innovative drugs or biosimilars dominate in psoriasis? The emergence of biosimilar anti-TNFs could expand access to established biological therapies for psoriasis. However, recently launched therapies and pipeline agents can deliver better outcomes, for longer. Which options are most likely to gain ground in this increasingly crowded treatment landscape? We interviewed 12 US and EU payers with expertise in formulary development and drug reimbursement to get their perspective on the challenges facing the MS market. Plus you'll find out how payers view pipeline MS treatments, what advice they have for Pharma, and which clinical trials to watch. Covering 9 currently marketed drugs, and 10 currently in clinical trials, the report reveals candid insights about the psoriasis landscape from 12 key opinion leaders (KOLs) in North America and Europe. You'll learn which treatments satisfy dermatologists' objectives for psoriasis treatment, whether oral therapies are overtaking injectables, and which pipeline drugs—both biosimilar and innovative molecules—are likely to succeed. Top takeaways Despite numerous treatments, unmet needs persist: KOLs are particularly eager to see longer-term efficacy and cost-effectiveness. Find out what else they are looking for in future therapies. Limited uptake of current oral therapies: KOLs are enthusiastic about oral treatments, but they want more than oral delivery. What will pipeline oral agents have to offer to overtake injectables? Biosimilars are gaining acceptance: Favourable reimbursement decisions could intensify competition in the psoriasis market. Find out about the additional factors that will affect their uptake in real-world clinical practice. IL-targeting therapies are not created equal: The current gold standard, Stelara (ustekinumab), targets IL-12/23 but emerging competitors focus on IL-17 and IL-23 alone. How do KOLs perceive these next-generation mAbs? New pathways elicit mixed feedback: Early-stage candidates exploit pathways previously untargeted in psoriasis. Discover which ones excite KOLs, and which ones don't. Safety is a key concern: Concerns about side effects and long-term safety hang over several newer treatments for psoriasis. Find out what they are and how KOLs expect them to influence use. Personalised care is on the horizon: KOLs believe outcomes from current therapies can be improved, and express optimism about the possibility of personalising treatment. How could this trend shape the future marketplace? Brands covered Marketed: Humira (adalimumab, Abbvie) Enbrel (etanercept, Amgen) Benepali (etanercept biosimilar, Biogen) Flixabi (infliximab biosimilar, Biogen) Otezla (apremilast, Celgene) Remsima/Inflectra (infliximab biosimilar, Celltrion/Pfizer) Taltz (ixekizumab, Eli Lilly) Remicade (infliximab, Merck & Co./Janssen) Cosentyx (secukinumab, Novartis) Pipeline Cosentyx (secukinumab, Novartis) Brodalumab (Amgen/AstraZeneca/Leo Pharma) Risankizumab (BI 655066, Boehringer Ingelheim/AbbVie) Piclidenoson (CF101, Can-Fite Biopharma) Guselkumab (anti-IL23, Janssen/Morphosys) Amiselimod (MT-1303, Mitsubishi Tanabe Pharma/Biogen) Xeljanz (tofacitinib, Pfizer) Etanercept biosimilar (GP2015. Sandoz [Novartis]) Amilumab (MT-203, Takeda/Amgen) Cimzia (certolizumab pegol, UCB) Key Opinion Leaders Interviewed for This Report KOLs from North America Steven R. Feldman. Professor of Dermatology, Wake Forest University Health Sciences, NC. Joel Gelfand. Associate Professor, Department of Dermatology and Center for Clinical Epidemiology and Biostatistics, University of Pennsylvania, PA. Neil Korman. Professor of Dermatology, Department of Dermatology, University Hospitals Case Medical Center, OH. Jeffrey Weinberg. Attending, Department of Dermatology, Mount Sinai St. Luke's Roosevelt, NY. Alan Menter. Chairman of the Division of Dermatology at Baylor University Medical Center, Waco, Texas. Stephen Tyring. Clinical Professor in the Departments of Dermatology, Microbiology/Molecular Genetics and Internal Medicine at the University of Texas Health Science Center, Houston, TX. Jashin J. Wu. Dermatologist, Kaiser Permanente, Los Angeles, CA. KOLs from Europe Manuelle Viguier. Principal Clinical Investigator, Department of Dermatology, AP HP Hôpital Saint Louis, University Paris Diderot, Sorbonne Paris Cité, Paris, France. Carle Paul. Professor and Chairman of the Department of Dermatology at Paul Sabatier University, Toulouse, France. Antonio Costanzo. Full Professor of Dermatology, the Chairman of Dermatology and the Director of the Skin Pathology Laboratory, The Humanitas University, Milan, Italy. Robert Strohal. Department of Dermatology and Venerology, Federal University Teaching Hospital, Feldkirch, Austria. Mona Ståhle. Chair of the Dermatology and Venereology Unit, Department of Medicine, Karolinska Institute, Stockholm, Sweden. Money Back Guarantee At FirstWord, we stand behind our reports. If you're not completely satisfied, we'll refund your money. Guaranteed. Download the full report: https://www.reportbuyer.com/product/4201020/ About Reportbuyer Reportbuyer is a leading industry intelligence solution that provides all market research reports from top publishers http://www.reportbuyer.com For more information: Sarah Smith Research Advisor at Reportbuyer.com Email: query@reportbuyer.com   Tel: +44 208 816 85 48 Website: www.reportbuyer.com To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/psoriasis-kol-insight-300343162.html SOURCE ReportBuyer Related Links http://www.reportbuyer.com Oct 11, 2016, 19:32 ET Preview: Free Fatty Acid Receptor 4 (G Protein Coupled Receptor 120 or G Protein Coupled Receptor 129 or G Protein Coupled Receptor GT01 or Omega 3 Fatty Acid Receptor 1 or G Protein Coupled Receptor PGR4 or GPR120 or GPR129 or FFAR4) - Pipeline Review, H2 2 Oct 11, 2016, 19:28 ET Preview: Chronic Lymphocytic Leukaemia: KOL Insight My News Release contains wide tables. View fullscreen. Also from this source Nov 10, 2016, 21:48 ETModular Data Center Market by Functional Module Solution,... Nov 10, 2016, 21:21 ETPhilippines Dental Care Market Outlook to 2019 - Increasing... Explore More news releases in similar topics Publishing & Information Services Health Care & Hospitals Surveys, Polls and Research You just read: Psoriasis KOL Insight News provided by ReportBuyer Oct 11, 2016, 19:30 ET Share this article Looking to send a news release with PR Newswire? Take advantage of the world's leading distribution platform. Sign up to get started Request more information Have an account? Log In Phone 8AM - 10PM ET +1-888-776-0942 Send a Release Sign Up Blog For Journalists Contact Us Search Searching for your content... Advanced Search Contact 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Chat Online with an Expert Contact Us Solutions Cision Communication Cloud™ For Marketers For Public Relations For IR & Compliance For Agency For Small Business All Products About About PR Newswire About Cision Become a Publishing Partner Become a Channel Partner Careers   Global Sites Asia Brazil Canada Europe Finland France India Israel Mexico Middle East Netherlands Sweden United Kingdom My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Terms of Use Privacy Policy Information Security Policy Statement Site Map RSS Feeds Copyright © 2016 PR Newswire Association LLC. All Rights Reserved. A Cision company. News Solutions Resources News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News dansk Deutsch español Français italiano Nederlands norsk português suomeksi svenska Phone +1-888-776-0942 8AM - 10PM ET Chat Chat Online with an Expert All contact info Send a ReleaseLog In
Politics 'We're called redneck, ignorant, racist. That's not true': Trump supporters explain why they voted for him Michael Hiltzik Columnist BUSINESS Michael Hiltzik Column More on Mylan's EpiPen profiteering: It allegedly ripped off Medicaid too bresch AP Mylan CEO Heather Bresch, testifying before Congress in September. But she cut another great deal with the government a couple of weeks later. Mylan CEO Heather Bresch, testifying before Congress in September. But she cut another great deal with the government a couple of weeks later. (AP) Michael HiltzikContact Reporter Very quietly, on the Friday before a long federal holiday weekend, Mylan last week paid $465 million to stifle government allegations that it had systematically overcharged Medicaid for its notorious EpiPen medical device. This sum is, amazingly, well more than twice the $185 million paid by Wells Fargo over charges that its bankers systematically ripped off and stole the identities of their clients, but it hasn’t received an iota of the attention of the Wells scandal. Let’s redress the balance just a bit. You remember the EpiPen, don’t you? The device, which delivers a measured dose of epinephrine to stave off severe allergic reactions to food or insect bites, was the topic of a great deal of outrage a month or so ago because Mylan had jacked up the price of a two-pack to more than $600 from $100 in the few years since it acquired rights to the device. It appears that Medicaid may have been grossly overpaying for EpiPen due to Mylan’s misclassification. — Sen. Ron Wyden, D-Ore., and Rep Frank Pallone, D-N.J. Mylan’s politically connected CEO, Heather Bresch, went before a congressional committee and essentially pleaded that the company had no option but to charge what the market would bear, even though that might place the life-saving device out of financial reach of many families. The company pledged to bring out a “generic” version of the EpiPen at about a 50% discount. It also expanded its program to cover the co-pay for the EpiPen for straitened families, although as we observed at the time, such “patient assistance programs” are themselves a drug-industry ripoff. As we’ve also reported, the company also has exploited one of the more odious loopholes in the tax code, moving its putative corporate headquarters to the Netherlands in an “inversion” deal to reduce its U.S. taxes, even though it benefits hugely from U.S. legal protections and it continues to be run out of a suburb of Pittsburgh. Another reason to hate Mylan, which jacked up the price of life-saving EpiPens: It's a tax dodger Michael Hiltzik The pharmaceutical company Mylan has been taking on a boatload of vituperation — and rightfully so — for a 500% hike in the price of its lifesaving EpiPen injector, which reverses allergic reactions. But there’s another reason to detest this remarkably amoral corporation: It’s also a tax dodger.... The pharmaceutical company Mylan has been taking on a boatload of vituperation — and rightfully so — for a 500% hike in the price of its lifesaving EpiPen injector, which reverses allergic reactions. But there’s another reason to detest this remarkably amoral corporation: It’s also a tax dodger.... (Michael Hiltzik) As is usually the case in these affairs, Mylan closed the books on its alleged Medicaid scam without admitting guilt. “The terms of the settlement do not provide for any finding of wrongdoing on the part of Mylan,” the company proclaimed in announcing the deal last Friday. The deal also forecloses rebate claims from the federal or any state governments, according to Mylan. The alleged ripoff stems from Mylan’s classification of the EpiPen in selling it to Medicaid. As Andrew Slavitt, acting administrator of the program, explained it to Congress on Oct. 5, until 1997 the EpiPen was classified by its manufacturer — then Merck — as a brand name drug. Late that year, however, it was reclassified by the manufacturer as a generic drug. The difference was lucrative: Makers of brand drugs must give Medicaid a rebate of up to 23.1%, but generic drugmakers pay a rebate of only 13%. Brand drugs are also subject to an additional rebate when their price rises faster than inflation. That’s indisputably been the case with the EpiPen’s price. Mylan will help more patients pay for its EpiPen. Here's why that's bad news for healthcare Michael Hiltzik Mylan, the profiteering, tax-dodging drug company currently taking immense heat for jacking up the price of its Epipen by 500%, announced Thursday that it will help more patients cover their soaring out-of-pocket costs for the allergy drug device. That’s good for some individual patients and families.... Mylan, the profiteering, tax-dodging drug company currently taking immense heat for jacking up the price of its Epipen by 500%, announced Thursday that it will help more patients cover their soaring out-of-pocket costs for the allergy drug device. That’s good for some individual patients and families.... (Michael Hiltzik) “It appears that Medicaid may have been grossly overpaying for EpiPen due to Mylan’s misclassification,” Sen. Ron Wyden (D-Ore.) and Rep Frank Pallone (D-N.J.), ranking members of the Senate Finance Committee and House Energy and Commerce Committee, told Health and Human Services Secretary Sylvia Burwell in September.  By Medicaid’s standards, the reclassification is wrong. The EpiPen was approved by the FDA under a new drug application, has patent protection, and there are no competing FDA-approved devices, which are characteristics of brand drugs but not generics. Mylan asserts that the EpiPen has been classified as a generic with Medicaid “based on longstanding written guidance from the federal government,” but Slavitt disputed that. Medicaid “has, on multiple occasions … expressly told Mylan that the product is incorrectly classified,” he told Wyden. Slavitt wouldn’t estimate how much Mylan saved in rebates after it acquired the EpiPen in 2007, but he did say that Medicaid had spent a total of $960 million on EpiPen purchases from 2011 through 2015. The difference between a 13% rebate and 23.1% would be as much as about $100 million, depending on how the average manufacturer price is calculated — not counting the inflation rebate due on brand name drugs. The size of the settlement, however, suggests that the loss to Medicaid might be much higher. And there’s one more wrinkle: Myland won’t have start paying the higher rebate to Medicaid until April 1 — a six-month grace period that by one analyst’s judgment could be worth $120 million to the company.  For all that, Mylan has the right to claim that the settlement is good news. Bresch called it “another important step in Mylan's efforts to move forward and bring resolution to all EpiPen Auto-Injector related matters.” Shareholders cheered. On Monday, the first trading day after the settlement announcement, the company’s stock rose more than 8%. That’s how getting off easy translates into real money. Caption Weekend Roundup: 7 stories you can't miss Donald Trump wins the presidency, we show you how your neighbors voted, thousands protest in Los Angeles, Kamala Harris is heading to Washington, FBI director James Comey has a rocky future, California's passed some major bills, and Robert Durst appears in a Los Angeles court on murder charges     Donald Trump wins the presidency, we show you how your neighbors voted, thousands protest in Los Angeles, Kamala Harris is heading to Washington, FBI director James Comey has a rocky future, California's passed some major bills, and Robert Durst appears in a Los Angeles court on murder charges     Caption Weekend Roundup: 7 stories you can't miss Donald Trump wins the presidency, we show you how your neighbors voted, thousands protest in Los Angeles, Kamala Harris is heading to Washington, FBI director James Comey has a rocky future, California's passed some major bills, and Robert Durst appears in a Los Angeles court on murder charges     Donald Trump wins the presidency, we show you how your neighbors voted, thousands protest in Los Angeles, Kamala Harris is heading to Washington, FBI director James Comey has a rocky future, California's passed some major bills, and Robert Durst appears in a Los Angeles court on murder charges     Caption 90 seconds: 4 stories you can't miss President Obama and Donald Trump have their first meeting, what Donald Trump can and can't do with his presidential powers, George Takei donate 70 years of memorabilia to the Japanese American National Museum, and what scientists learned by tickling rats.  President Obama and Donald Trump have their first meeting, what Donald Trump can and can't do with his presidential powers, George Takei donate 70 years of memorabilia to the Japanese American National Museum, and what scientists learned by tickling rats.  Caption President Obama and Donald Trump in the Oval Office President Obama and Donald Trump discuss their visit at the White House President Obama and Donald Trump discuss their visit at the White House Caption Watch: Interview with combatants outside of Mosul Times reporter Molly Hennessy-Fiske interviews ISIS fighter and speaks with Iraqi military on the east side of Mosul. Times reporter Molly Hennessy-Fiske interviews ISIS fighter and speaks with Iraqi military on the east side of Mosul. Caption Thousands of students stage walkouts in protest of Donald Trump's victory Thousands of high school students flooded the streets of L.A. County on Thursday. They marched in protest of Donald Trump’s victory in the U.S. presidential election. Thousands of high school students flooded the streets of L.A. County on Thursday. They marched in protest of Donald Trump’s victory in the U.S. presidential election. Keep up to date with Michael Hiltzik. Follow @hiltzikm on Twitter, see his Facebook page, or email michael.hiltzik@latimes.com. Return to Michael Hiltzik's blog. Privacy Policy Copyright © 2016, Los Angeles Times Medicaid Frank Pallone, Jr. Sylvia Mathews Burwell Ron Wyden Trump names Priebus and Bannon as top White House aides and says deportations will begin immediately 'We're called redneck, ignorant, racist. That's not true': Trump supporters explain why they voted for him A tree for Nohemi: Family and friends mark year since Long Beach student's death in Paris attack Most Popular Local Sports Entertainment Politics Orange County Opinion Place An Ad 66°



Latest News Dow 18,848 +39.78 +0.21% Nasdaq 5,237 +28.32 +0.54% S&P 500 2,164 -3.03 -0.14% 1:07 A.M. ET Japan expects gradual recovery to continue 1:05 A.M. ET Dollar hits multi-month highs versus euro, yen, loonie 12:57 A.M. ET Earthquake in New Zealand Captured on Surveillance Video 12:46 A.M. ET Nasdaq-100 futures up 27.25 points, or 0.6%, to 4,775.25 12:45 A.M. ET S&P 500 futures rise 11.4 points, or 0.5%, to 2,173.25 12:45 A.M. ET DJIA futures up 120 points, or 0.6%, to 18,906 12:45 A.M. ET DJIA futures up 120 points, or 0.6%, to 18,906 11/13 Latest China economic data shows a mixed bag 11/13 China's home sales up 42.6% this year 11/13 Updated China's industrial output holds steady in October 11/13 Nikkei surges, leaving other Asian markets in the dust 11/13 Updated Powerful 7.8-magnitude quake rocks New Zealand; at least 2 killed 11/13 Updated Trump vows to immediately deport up to 3 million undocumented immigrants 11/13 Donald Trump tells supporters to stop harassment 11/13 Trump said to be ‘disgusted’ with Chris Christie 11/13 Trump-branded properties are poised for a rebound 11/13 ISIS urges truck attacks, says Thanksgiving Day Parade an ‘excellent target’ 11/13 May to say U.K. will pursue free trade while protecting workers at home 11/13 Japan's economy surged forward in Q3 11/13 Look up tonight to see the biggest supermoon in 68 years Log In Home News Viewer Video SectorWatch Podcasts First Take Games Portfolio My MarketWatch News Viewer Markets U.S. Europe/Middle East Emerging Markets Asia Canada SectorWatch Columns Market Snapshot Movers & Shakers The Tell Currencies Futures Movers Pre-Market News Tools Earnings Wall Markets Overview IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar Currency Tools Futures Contracts Market Screener Hulbert Interactive Investing Stocks Mutual Funds ETFs Options Bonds Commodities Currencies Futures Hedge Funds/Insider Trades Getting Started MarketWatch Adviser Columns Options Trader Revolution Investing Tools Stock Screener Funds Finder ETF Screener Options Screener IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar More... Trading Deck . Personal Finance 10 Things Big Spender Real Estate Spending & Saving Taxes Columns The Moneyologist Brett Arends Bill Bischoff Amy Hoak Chuck Jaffe Jennifer Openshaw Jennifer Waters Tools Funds Finder Today's Rates Retirement RetireMentors Encore Taxes Retire Here, Not There How-to Guides Social Security Estate Planning Events Columns Robert Powell's Retirement Portfolio Andrea Coombes's Working Retirement Tools Retirement Planner How long will my money last? Economy Federal Reserve Capitol Report Economic Report Columns Darrell Delamaide Irwin Kellner Rex Nutting Tools Economic Calendar Real Estate Location Scouts realtor.com My MarketWatch Watchlist Alerts Games Log In Home Press Release Great Lakes Animal Welfare Conference to feature nation's top animal care experts, clinicians, fundraisers, legal specialists and more in Battle Creek, Mich. By Published: Oct 11, 2016 8:17 a.m. ET Share Animal advocates from across the Great Lakes region to discuss topics as diverse as compassion fatigue, data collection and analysis, de-escalating confrontations, trends in animal welfare legislation and the importance of collaborating to achieve similar goals. DETROIT, Oct. 11, 2016 /PRNewswire-USNewswire/ -- The Michigan Humane Society and Michigan Association of Animal Control Officers have revealed the line-up for the 2016 Great Lakes Animal Welfare Conference, the region's premier educational and networking event for animal sheltering and veterinary professionals, animal control agencies, animal welfare advocates and rescue groups. Headlining this year's conference is Kate Hurley, DVM and MPVM, whose work via the Million Cat Challenge has saved hundreds of thousands of feline lives. Dr. Hurley is director of the Koret Shelter Medicine Program at the University of California - Davis School of Veterinary Medicine. The 2016 GLAWC takes place Oct. 24 and 25 at the FireKeepers Casino Hotel in Battle Creek, Mich., and is presented by the Petco Foundation. Included among the 32 sessions are: Human violence and animal cruelty – Matt Pepper, president and CEO, Michigan Humane Society Difficult-to-place dogs – Ed Jamison, chief animal control officer, Cleveland Animal Care and Control Wildlife handling and rehab – David Pauli, Humane Society of the United States Feline leukemia and immunodeficiency virus – Annette Litster, BVSc, Ph.D., Zoetis Michigan Depart. of Agriculture and Rural Development - Animal Industry Division update – James Averill, DVM, Ph.D., MDARD-AID director "The Great Lakes Animal Welfare Conference brings together the top people in our industry to share best practices, learn about the latest trends in care and advocacy, welcome new professionals and collaborate to advance our joint efforts," said Matthew Pepper, CEO and president of MHS. "It's great to be able to bring this specialized training to animal control officers statewide," said Andy Seltz, vice president of MAACO. "It's a perfect opportunity to come together and share ideas that will ultimately raise our collective abilities to better serve the animals and people in our communities." Other sponsors include Zoetis, the Kenneth A. Scott Charitable Trust, a KeyBank Trust, Merck Animal Health, the American Society for the Prevention of Cruelty to Animals, Petfinder, Purina, NexGard and Heartgard. For a list of sessions, registration fees and hotel information for the 2016 GLAWC and to register online, visit michiganhumane.org/glawc. FireKeeper's Casino Hotel is located at 11177 E. Michigan Ave. in Battle Creek, Mich. MAACO is a not-for-profit organization registered with the state of Michigan dedicated to the enhancement of the profession of animal control officers in Michigan by establishing professional standards, training and practices, for the control and care of animals and the protection of public health. The Michigan Humane Society is the largest and oldest animal welfare organization in the state. MHS works to end companion animal homelessness, provide high quality service and compassion to the animals entrusted to its care, and to be a leader in promoting humane values. michiganhumane.org   To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/great-lakes-animal-welfare-conference-to-feature-nations-top-animal-care-experts-clinicians-fundraisers-legal-specialists-and-more-in-battle-creek-mich-300342137.html SOURCE Michigan Humane Society Copyright (C) 2016 PR Newswire. All rights reserved MarketWatch Partner Center Luxury Real Estate The Trump brand on real estate may see an upturn post election View More Investing If you're shocked that Trump won, you broke 3 basic principles of investing View More Realtor.com How President Trump will change the U.S. housing market View More Investing Opinion: A 12-step plan to strengthen your portfolio after Trump's victory View More MarketWatch Site Index Topics Help Feedback Newsroom Roster Media Archive Premium Products Mobile Company Company Info Code of Conduct Corrections Advertising Media Kit Advertise Locally Reprints & Licensing Broker Center Your Ad Choices Dow Jones Network WSJ.com Barron's Online BigCharts Virtual Stock Exchange Financial News Online WSJ.com Small Business realtor.com Mansion Global Back to Top Copyright ©2016 MarketWatch, Inc. All rights reserved. By using this site you agree to the Terms of Service, Privacy Policy, and Cookie Policy. Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. Intraday data delayed per exchange requirements. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real time last sale data provided by NASDAQ. More information on NASDAQ traded symbols and their current financial status. Intraday data delayed 15 minutes for Nasdaq, and 20 minutes for other exchanges. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. SEHK intraday data is provided by SIX Financial Information and is at least 60-minutes delayed. All quotes are in local exchange time. Advanced Search Stocks Columns Authors Topics No results found LatestNews
Contact Us Journalists Blog Log In Sign Up Send a Release News Solutions Resources Search News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News dansk Deutsch español Français italiano Nederlands norsk português suomeksi svenska Great Lakes Animal Welfare Conference to feature nation's top animal care experts, clinicians, fundraisers, legal specialists and more in Battle Creek, Mich. Animal advocates from across the Great Lakes region to discuss topics as diverse as compassion fatigue, data collection and analysis, de-escalating confrontations, trends in animal welfare legislation and the importance of collaborating to achieve similar goals. News provided by Michigan Humane Society Oct 11, 2016, 08:17 ET Share this article DETROIT, Oct. 11, 2016 /PRNewswire-USNewswire/ -- The Michigan Humane Society and Michigan Association of Animal Control Officers have revealed the line-up for the 2016 Great Lakes Animal Welfare Conference, the region's premier educational and networking event for animal sheltering and veterinary professionals, animal control agencies, animal welfare advocates and rescue groups. Headlining this year's conference is Kate Hurley, DVM and MPVM, whose work via the Million Cat Challenge has saved hundreds of thousands of feline lives. Dr. Hurley is director of the Koret Shelter Medicine Program at the University of California - Davis School of Veterinary Medicine. The 2016 GLAWC takes place Oct. 24 and 25 at the FireKeepers Casino Hotel in Battle Creek, Mich., and is presented by the Petco Foundation. Included among the 32 sessions are: Human violence and animal cruelty – Matt Pepper, president and CEO, Michigan Humane Society Difficult-to-place dogs – Ed Jamison, chief animal control officer, Cleveland Animal Care and Control Wildlife handling and rehab – David Pauli, Humane Society of the United States Feline leukemia and immunodeficiency virus – Annette Litster, BVSc, Ph.D., Zoetis Michigan Depart. of Agriculture and Rural Development - Animal Industry Division update – James Averill, DVM, Ph.D., MDARD-AID director "The Great Lakes Animal Welfare Conference brings together the top people in our industry to share best practices, learn about the latest trends in care and advocacy, welcome new professionals and collaborate to advance our joint efforts," said Matthew Pepper, CEO and president of MHS. "It's great to be able to bring this specialized training to animal control officers statewide," said Andy Seltz, vice president of MAACO. "It's a perfect opportunity to come together and share ideas that will ultimately raise our collective abilities to better serve the animals and people in our communities." Other sponsors include Zoetis, the Kenneth A. Scott Charitable Trust, a KeyBank Trust, Merck Animal Health, the American Society for the Prevention of Cruelty to Animals, Petfinder, Purina, NexGard and Heartgard. For a list of sessions, registration fees and hotel information for the 2016 GLAWC and to register online, visit michiganhumane.org/glawc. FireKeeper's Casino Hotel is located at 11177 E. Michigan Ave. in Battle Creek, Mich. MAACO is a not-for-profit organization registered with the state of Michigan dedicated to the enhancement of the profession of animal control officers in Michigan by establishing professional standards, training and practices, for the control and care of animals and the protection of public health. The Michigan Humane Society is the largest and oldest animal welfare organization in the state. MHS works to end companion animal homelessness, provide high quality service and compassion to the animals entrusted to its care, and to be a leader in promoting humane values. michiganhumane.org   To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/great-lakes-animal-welfare-conference-to-feature-nations-top-animal-care-experts-clinicians-fundraisers-legal-specialists-and-more-in-battle-creek-mich-300342137.html SOURCE Michigan Humane Society Related Links http://michiganhumane.org Nov 10, 2003, 00:00 ET Preview: Do You Look Like An Animal Cop? It Could Net You Valuable Prizes At the Michigan Humane Society Animal Care Fair, Plus a Chance to Ride With the Stars of the Hit TV Show My News Release contains wide tables. View fullscreen. You just read: Great Lakes Animal Welfare Conference to feature nation's top animal care experts, clinicians, fundraisers, legal specialists and more in Battle Creek, Mich. News provided by Michigan Humane Society Oct 11, 2016, 08:17 ET Share this article Looking to send a news release with PR Newswire? Take advantage of the world's leading distribution platform. Sign up to get started Request more information Have an account? Log In Phone 8AM - 10PM ET +1-888-776-0942 Send a Release Sign Up Blog For Journalists Contact Us Search Searching for your content... Advanced Search Contact 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Chat Online with an Expert Contact Us Solutions Cision Communication Cloud™ For Marketers For Public Relations For IR & Compliance For Agency For Small Business All Products About About PR Newswire About Cision Become a Publishing Partner Become a Channel Partner Careers   Global Sites Asia Brazil Canada Europe Finland France India Israel Mexico Middle East Netherlands Sweden United Kingdom My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Terms of Use Privacy Policy Information Security Policy Statement Site Map RSS Feeds Copyright © 2016 PR Newswire Association LLC. All Rights Reserved. A Cision company. News Solutions Resources News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News dansk Deutsch español Français italiano Nederlands norsk português suomeksi svenska Phone +1-888-776-0942 8AM - 10PM ET Chat Chat Online with an Expert All contact info Send a ReleaseLog In

Subscribe Place Ad Buy Trib Photos Sportstalk Contests Jobs Homes Autos Classifieds Trib Total Media Contact Us News Allegheny Westmoreland Valley News Dispatch Regional Pennsylvania Business Headlines Briefs Real Estate Columnists Investigative Pittsburgh ICA Justice for Some American Coyotes Cyber Rattling Homegrown Terror Donor Dilemma Rules of Engagement News Blogs U.S./World Nation World Health Now Education Politics Elections 2016 Our Stories Sports Local Pro Teams Steelers/NFL Penguins/NHL Pirates/MLB Riverhounds Local High Schools Colleges Pitt Penn State WVU Duquesne Robert Morris District Colleges More in Sports Columnists Blogs SportsTalk Photo Galleries Videos Auto Racing Outdoors Pro Wrestling U.S./World Golf Local Allegheny Westmoreland Valley News Dispatch Carlynton Cranberry Fox Chapel Monroeville Murrysville North Hills Norwin Penn Hills Penn-Trafford Plum Sewickley South Hills Opinion Columnists Editorials Cartoons Letters Send a Letter Living Arts & Entertainment Architecture Theater & Arts Movies Music Books Museums Players Advantage Crosswords Sudoku Lottery Events Lifestyles Doug Oster Food & Drink Fanfare Out & About Home & Garden Health & Fitness Fashion History Travel Columnists More Lifestyles Multimedia Photography Sports Galleries Video Radio & Podcasts Sports Talk Obituaries News Business Headlines Print Stocks jump as energy companies, Apple move higher By The Associated Press | Monday, Oct. 10, 2016, 10:27 p.m. Email Newsletters Sign up for one of our email newsletters. NEW YORK — Stocks rose Monday as crude oil jumped to its highest price in more than a year and energy companies climbed with it. Investors also reacted to the latest twists in the presidential race. Oil rose after Russia's government said it supports efforts by OPEC to cut oil production. Apple reached its highest price of the year and led tech stocks higher after new reports of fires affecting Samsung's Galaxy Note 7 phone, which competes with Apple's iPhone. Early in the day, stocks were on track for far larger gains. Steve Chiavarone, an associated portfolio manager for Federated Investors, said a tumultuous weekend for Republican candidate Donald Trump contributed to the market's gains. He said investors mostly expect Democratic candidate Hillary Clinton to win, and they are concerned about the effect Trump's trade proposals would have on the market and the economy. “What you're seeing in the market is a cheering of the status quo,” he said. In his view, that's because investors understand Clinton's views and what her administration might look like even though they may disagree with her on issues like tax policy. The Dow Jones industrial average picked up 88.55 points, or 0.4 percent, to 18,329.04. The index rose as much as 159 points earlier. The Standard & Poor's 500 index rose 9.92 points, or 0.5 percent, to 2,163.66. The Nasdaq composite added 36.27 points, or 0.7 percent, to 5,328.67. Russian President Vladimir Putin said Monday that Russia supports OPEC's efforts to cut oil production. In late September the nations of OPEC announced a preliminary agreement to trim oil production, but Russia, a major energy producer, isn't a member of OPEC. Benchmark U.S. crude rose $1.54, or 3.1 percent, to $51.35 a barrel in New York. That was its highest closing price since July 2015. Brent crude, used to price international oils, gained $1.21, or 2.3 percent, to $53.14 a barrel in London. Exxon Mobil climbed $1.70, or 2 percent, to $88.44 and Devon Energy added $1.58, or 33.7 percent, to $44.39. Apple climbed $1.99, or 1.7 percent, to $116.05 as investors hope it will be able to sell more iPhones as competitor Samsung faced new problems with its Galaxy Note 7. Samsung said it has changed its production of the phones after reports that some of its replacement phones are overheating and catching fire, just as the original version of the phone did before Samsung recalled it last month. Samsung did not confirm or deny a report from a Korean news agency that it suspended production of the Note 7 phone. Drugmaker Mylan gained $2.93, or 8.2 percent, to $38.87. On Friday, the company agreed to pay $465 million to settle allegations it overcharged the Medicaid program for its EpiPen allergy shot. Legislators and federal health authorities had said Mylan wrongly classified EpiPen as a generic drug instead of a brand-name one, which meant Mylan paid lower rebates to federal and state Medicaid programs. The stock is down 20 percent since late August. Bristol-Myers Squibb plunged again after the company reported more data from a study of its drug Opdivo in lung cancer patients. It fell $5.62, or 10.1 percent, to $49.81. Rival Merck rose $1.13, or 1.8 percent, to $63.90 as investors were pleased with results from a study of its cancer treatment Keytruda. Bristol-Myers stock has dropped 34 percent since the company announced initial results from that trial in early August, which has sent to almost two-year lows. Merck is up 10 percent over the same time. Twitter continued to fall as investors grew less optimistic that the company will be sold. Twitter sank $2.29, or 11.5 percent, to $17.56. It fell 20 percent Thursday on reports that possible buyers including Apple and Alphabet had decided not to make offers. Twitter has been on a big run since late July on rumors the company might be sold. The stock is now the lowest it's been since early August. Salesforce.com, which investors believe is a possible buyer, rose $4.19, or 5.9 percent, to $75.10. Manufacturer Dover forecast a smaller profit and a bigger decline in revenue because of weaker spending in several industries and production problems in its retail refrigeration unit. The company also said its purchase of British company Wayne Fueling Systems won't close until early next year because regulators in the United Kingdom are still reviewing the deal. The stock gave up $5.55, or 7.7 percent, to $66.69. Germany's DAX rose 1.3 percent and the CAC-40 in France was 1.1 percent higher. The FTSE 100 in London rose 0.8 percent. The Kospi in South Korea rose 0.1 percent. More Business Highmark CEO made $3.8M last year Student debt weighing you down? There are options Dinner is a chore, even with Martha Stewart's help Post-election workplace peace starts by respecting co-workers Higher costs or lower revenue? Firms split on fiduciary rule Subscribe today! Click here for our subscription offers.   Do you want to help us improve our commenting platform? Click here to take a survey.   Show commenting policy TribLive commenting policy You are solely responsible for your comments and by using TribLive.com you agree to our Terms of Service. We moderate comments. Our goal is to provide substantive commentary for a general readership. By screening submissions, we provide a space where readers can share intelligent and informed commentary that enhances the quality of our news and information. While most comments will be posted if they are on-topic and not abusive, moderating decisions are subjective. We will make them as carefully and consistently as we can. Because of the volume of reader comments, we cannot review individual moderation decisions with readers. We value thoughtful comments representing a range of views that make their point quickly and politely. We make an effort to protect discussions from repeated comments â either by the same reader or different readers. We follow the same standards for taste as the daily newspaper. A few things we won't tolerate: personal attacks, obscenity, vulgarity, profanity (including expletives and letters followed by dashes), commercial promotion, impersonations, incoherence, proselytizing and SHOUTING. Don't include URLs to Web sites. We do not edit comments. They are either approved or deleted. We reserve the right to edit a comment that is quoted or excerpted in an article. In this case, we may fix spelling and punctuation. We welcome strong opinions and criticism of our work, but we don't want comments to become bogged down with discussions of our policies and we will moderate accordingly. We appreciate it when readers and people quoted in articles or blog posts point out errors of fact or emphasis and will investigate all assertions. But these suggestions should be sent via e-mail. To avoid distracting other readers, we won't publish comments that suggest a correction. Instead, corrections will be made in a blog post or in an article. Trending Close approach to offer glimpse of supermoon Flash mob attacks in Philadelphia send 4 to hospital Quaker Valley hockey plays its way into contention Daily Gallery View Sunday — Nov. 13, 2016 Daily images from across the region by Tribune-Review staff photographers. Most Recent Videos More Videos News Business Neighborhoods Sports Opinion Living Multimedia Obituaries Ways We Deliver Blogs Mobile Email Newsletters eTRIB Digital Replica Buy Trib Photos RSS Subscribe Subscriber Services Our Publications Where to Buy the Newspaper Advertise Digital Sales Promotional Solutions Classifieds Marketplace Jobs Homes Autos eFeatures Images and text copyright © 2016 | Trib Total Media, LLC Reproduction or reuse prohibited without written consent. Terms of Service Feedback | Contact Us
Subscribers Home Were You Seen? Traffic Weather School Closings Events Calendar Calendar: Add Event Obituaries Puzzles Palace Buy Photos & More Help & Contact Us Site Index Subscriber Services Archives (1986-Present) Bethlehem's James Charles on 'Ellen' Monday Capital Region views super moon News Breaking News Local Capitol Confidential State & Capitol U.S. & World Opinion Your Town Obituaries Newsletters School Closings All Stories Needful Newburgh latest to deal with PFOS worry Insider next chief of staff 7.8 earthquake strikes New Zealand Genes don't hold all the power Sports HS Sports Sidelines Siena UAlbany Hockey MLB NFL NBA Golf Auto Racing Columnists All Stories Patriots' last gasp futile vs. Seattle Magic's Ibaka foils his former team Champions drink it all in Noteworthy Business The Buzz Blog Women@Work Technology News Salary Wizard Press Releases Sponsored Content Mortgage Rates Business Directory All Stories India currency reset leads to chaos Disney forges ahead with streaming as ratings sag After the election, 'it's retail therapy either way' Rotterdam aquarium opened Saturday Entertainment Events Calendar Seen Photos Viral Videos Movies & TV Table Hopping Restaurants Local Arts Puzzles Palace Best of 2016 Your Horoscope Comics All Stories 'Mars' on National Geographic falls flat Rocker Leon Russell dies at 74 Albany County ADA a real 'Survivor' 25 things to do this weekend Living 518Life Women@Work Table Hopping Celebrations House of the Week Puzzles Palace High School Parenting Health Find a Doctor Savings Source Sponsored Content All Stories Season of creativity Contest: Time to make a wreath and do good Movie clock for 11-13-2016 Kids: Enter our holiday card contest Blogs All Blogs Kristi Barlette Capitol Confidential Local Politics Table Hopping Shopportunist Arts Talk Movies The Buzz: Business Hot Topics Parent to Parent Capital Region Gives Wright pushes Saints past Cornell She (didn’t) Fall in Love with the Drummer (memoirs) A megalomaniac in the White House and the fall of the faux-left Luxury Private Rail Car Travel Across the Rockies TU Plus Exclusive Local & State Business & Tech Arts & Lifestyle Sports & Recreation Opinion Women@Work 518Life Restaurant Reviews Best of 2016 tu+ FAQ Subscribe/Activate tu+ Albany County says it will audit convention center authority Iorizzo: Nisky swimmers show us the power of teamwork Letter: Keep Rezone Albany bundled Editorial: Time to go, Mr. Abelove Jobs Jobs Weekly Job Fair Place an Ad Salary Wizard Careers Blog Business Blog Jobs at the TU Walt Robb, Steve Lobel appearing at BizLab on Nov. 16 GlobalFoundries plans ‘multi-billion’ Fab 8 upgrade Momentive workers mull strike after rejecting ‘final Signs of change in downtown Troy Homes For Sale For Rent Open Houses New Homes Land & Farms Commercial Services Auctions Mortgage Rates Home Style House of the Week Places & Spaces Blog House of the Week: Custom Cape in Greenfield Update on local residential building projects Dancer Mark Ballas adds a flip to his routine High & Low Cars Search New Cars Vehicle Reviews Dealer Pre-Owned Cars Classic Cars Blog Private Pre-Owned Cars The Bike Blog Photos: Million-dollar cars for auction Car Show Photos: N.Y. Power Authority Blenheim Gilboa Car Show The Raleigh Classic – Auction Highlights – June 2015 Future Collectibles: 2015 Dodge Charger SRT Hellcat Classifieds Search Classifieds Place Classified Ad Coupons & Deals Legal Notices Business Directory Place a Legal Notice Realtor Ads Shopportunist Blog Auto Dealer Ads How to Advertise Job Listings Black Friday predictions plus 10 ways to save Amazon: Get $5 for downloading the Amazon App Amazon: Up to 50% off Kidcraft toys and furniture Bath & Body Works: Signature Lotion just $3, today only MenuSections http://www.timesunion.com/business/article/Highest-oil-prices-in-a-year-boost-stocks-9961457.php Highest oil prices in a year boost stocks Meanwhile, a stronger peso signals investors doubt a Trump victory Associated Press Published 10:47 pm, Monday, October 10, 2016 Photo: Mark Lennihan Image 1of/1 Caption Close Image 1 of 1 In this Friday, Oct. 7, 2016, photo, a statue of George Washington is poised above Wall Street, in New York. U.S. stocks are rising early Monday, Oct. 10, 2016, as energy companies climb with the price of oil. Apple is leading technology stocks higher as Samsungs Galaxy Note 7 is beset by new problems. Drugmaker Mylan is up after it agreed to settle an investigation into allegations it overcharged the government for its EpiPen shot. (AP Photo/Mark Lennihan) ORG XMIT: NYBZ101 less In this Friday, Oct. 7, 2016, photo, a statue of George Washington is poised above Wall Street, in New York. U.S. stocks are rising early Monday, Oct. 10, 2016, as energy companies climb with the price of oil. ... more Photo: Mark Lennihan Highest oil prices in a year boost stocks 1 / 1 Back to Gallery New York U.S. stocks rose Monday as crude oil jumped to its highest price in more than a year and energy companies climbed with it. Investors also reacted to the latest twists in the presidential race. Oil rose after Russia's government said it supports efforts by OPEC to cut oil production. Apple reached its highest price of the year and led tech stocks higher after new reports of fires affecting Samsung's Galaxy Note 7 phone, which competes with Apple's iPhone. Early in the day stocks were on track for far larger gains. Steve Chiavarone, an associated portfolio manager for Federated Investors, said a tumultuous weekend for Republican candidate Donald Trump contributed to the market's gains. He said investors mostly expect Democratic candidate Hillary Clinton to win, and they are concerned about the effect Trump's proposals would have on the market and the economy. "What you're seeing in the market is a cheering of the status quo," he said. In his view, that's because investors understand Clinton's views and what her administration might look like even though they may disagree with her on issues like tax policy. The Dow Jones industrial average picked up 88.55 points, or 0.4 percent, to 18,329.04. The index rose as much as 159 points earlier. The Standard & Poor's 500 index rose 9.92 points, or 0.5 percent, to 2,163.66. The Nasdaq composite added 36.27 points, or 0.7 percent, to 5,328.67. Russian President Vladimir Putin said Monday that Russia supports OPEC's efforts to cut oil production. In late September the nations of OPEC announced a preliminary agreement to trim oil production, but Russia, a major energy producer, isn't a member of OPEC. Benchmark U.S. crude rose $1.54, or 3.1 percent, to $51.35 a barrel in New York. That was its highest closing price since July 2015. Brent crude, used to price international oils, gained $1.21, or 2.3 percent, to $53.14 a barrel in London. Exxon Mobil climbed $1.70, or 2 percent, to $88.44 and Devon Energy added $1.58, or 33.7 percent, to $44.39. Apple climbed $1.99, or 1.7 percent, to $116.05 as investors hope it will be able to sell more iPhones as competitor Samsung faced new problems with its Galaxy Note 7. Samsung said it has changed its production of the phones following reports that some of its replacement phones are overheating and catching fire, just as the original version of the phone did before Samsung recalled it last month. Samsung did not confirm or deny a report from a Korean news agency that it suspended production of the Note 7 phone. Drugmaker Mylan gained $2.93, or 8.2 percent, to $38.87. On Friday the company agreed to pay $465 million to settle allegations it overcharged the Medicaid program for its EpiPen allergy shot. Legislators and federal health authorities had said Mylan wrongly classified EpiPen as a generic drug instead of a brand-name one, which meant Mylan paid lower rebates to federal and state Medicaid programs. The stock is down 20 percent since late August. Bristol-Myers Squibb plunged again after the company reported more data from a study of its drug Opdivo in lung cancer patients. It fell $5.62, or 10.1 percent, to $49.81. Rival Merck rose $1.13, or 1.8 percent, to $63.90 as investors were pleased with results from a study of its cancer treatment Keytruda. Bristol-Myers stock has dropped 34 percent since the company announced initial results from that trial in early August, which has sent to almost two-year lows. Merck is up 10 percent over the same time. The Mexican peso grew stronger following Trump's calamitous weekend. Trump has criticized Mexico and its trade agreements with the U.S., so the peso has become something of an indicator of how investors feel about the election. The currency has tended to weaken when investors feel Trump is doing better and gets stronger when investors feel more confident in Hillary Clinton's chances. The U.S. buys about 80 percent of Mexico's exports, which gives it a big influence on the Mexican economy. Today's Deals Powered by SHOP NOW Duck Brand Shrink Film Indoor Window Kit for $7 + pickup at... WalmartPosted 15 hr 11 min ago SHOP NOW Rx Sunglasses Lenses at Glasses USA: free w/ frames purchase +... Glasses USAPosted 11 hr 23 min ago SHOP NOW Walmart Warehouse Clear-Out for $40 WalmartPosted 12 hr 16 min ago SHOP NOW Rev-A-Shelf Pull Out Shelf Filler for $75 + free shipping Jet.comPosted 11 hr 59 min ago Most Popular 1 Police follow leads in Crossgates shooting incident 2 Few details on shooting, but Crossgates welcomes patrons back 3 Man falls to his death at Kaaterskill Falls 4 Hawaiian woman, suspect in sister's death, found in Albany 5 Woman charged with drunk driving in fast food drive-thru 6 Puppy thrown from car finds home with Albany police officer 7 Rotterdam aquarium opened Saturday View Comments © 2016 Hearst Communications, Inc. Logo Return to Top About Contact Us Our Company Jobs at the TU Advertising Ad Choices Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Your California Privacy Rights Content Blogs Weather School Closings Events Calendar Weddings/Celebrations Births Obituaries Online Store Puzzles Palace Connect Newsletters Facebook Twitter Pinterest Google+ Instagram Subscribe Subscriber Services Home Delivery Become a Carrier iPad app Times Union Plus Copyright and Reprint eEdition Hearst Newspapers © Copyright The Hearst Corporation
Contact Us Journalists Blog Log In Sign Up Send a Release News Solutions Resources Search News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News dansk Deutsch español Français italiano Nederlands norsk português suomeksi svenska Veterinary Vaccines Market - Global Industry Analysis, Size, Share, Growth, Trends, and Forecast 2016 - 2024 News provided by Reportlinker Oct 10, 2016, 21:23 ET Share this article NEW YORK, Oct. 10, 2016 /PRNewswire/ -- Veterinary vaccines are extensively used in the prevention of life-threatening animal diseases. This report on the global veterinary vaccines market analyzes the current and future prospects of the market. The report comprises an elaborate executive summary, which includes a market snapshot providing overall information on various segments and sub-segments. This section also provides complete information and data analysis of the global veterinary vaccines market with respect to the leading market segments based on technology type, animal type, and geography. The report is a combination of primary and secondary research. Primary research formed the bulk of our research efforts with information collected from telephonic interviews and interactions via email. Secondary research involved study of company websites, annual reports, press releases, stock analysis presentations, and various national and international databases. The report provides market size in terms of US$ Mn for each segment for the period from 2014 to 2024, considering the macro and micro-environmental factors. Growth rates for each segment within the global veterinary vaccines market have been determined after a thorough analysis of past trends, demographics, future trends, technological developments, vaccination expenditure, and regulatory requirements. Increase in prevalence of animal diseases, surge in investments by government bodies, rise in demand for milk, meat, eggs, and fish; high expenditure on companion animals, and growing awareness about vaccination among the middle class are the major factors that propel demand for veterinary vaccines. Stringent market regulations and high R&D cost are the major factors likely to hamper the veterinary vaccines market. The market overview section of the report includes qualitative analysis of the overall veterinary vaccines market including the determining factors and market dynamics such as drivers, restraints, and opportunities, along with white space analysis. In addition, market attractiveness analysis by geography, animal type, and technology type, and competitive landscape by key players have been provided which explain the intensity of competition in the market considering different geographies. The competitive scenario between market players has been evaluated through market share analysis. These factors would help the market players take strategic decisions in order to strengthen their positions and increase their shares in the global market. The global veterinary vaccines market has been segmented based on technology type, animal type, and geography. Based on technology type, the market has been categorized into inactivated vaccines, live attenuated vaccines, conjugate vaccines, toxoid vaccines, and other vaccines such as recombinant vaccines, DNA vaccines, and subunit vaccines. Companion vaccines and livestock vaccines are the major segments by animal type. The companion vaccines segment comprises canine vaccines, feline vaccines, and equine vaccines. The livestock vaccines segment includes porcine, poultry, bovine, ovine, and other vaccines. Market revenue in terms of US$ Mn for the period between 2014 and 2024 along with the compound annual growth rate (CAGR %) from 2016 to 2024 has been provided for all the segments, considering 2015 as the base year. Geographically, the veterinary vaccines market has been categorized into five regions: North America, Europe, Asia Pacific, Latin America, and Middle East & Africa. The mentioned regions are further analyzed by major countries contributing to the market. The competition matrix section included in the report is likely to assist the existing players to increase their market shares and new companies to establish their presence in the veterinary vaccines market. The report also profiles major players based on various attributes such as company overview, financial overview, business strategies, product portfolio, and recent developments. Major players in the global veterinary vaccines market are Bayer AG, Bimeda, Inc., Boehringer Ingelheim GmbH, Ceva Santé Animale, Eli Lilly and Company (Elanco Animal Health), Merck Animal Health, Sanofi S.A. (Merial Animal Health), Virbac, and Zoetis, Inc. The global veterinary vaccines market has been segmented as follows: Global Veterinary Vaccines Market, by Animal Type Animal Type Companion Animals Equine Canine Feline Livestock Animals Bovine Ovine Porcine Poultry Others Global Veterinary Vaccines Market, by Technology Type Inactivated Vaccines Live Attenuated Vaccines Conjugate Vaccines Toxoid Vaccines Other Vaccines Global Veterinary Vaccines Market, by Geography North America U.S. Canada Europe U.K. Germany Asia Pacific China Japan Rest of Asia Pacific Latin America Brazil Mexico Middle East & Africa Saudi Arabia Rest of MEA Read the full report: http://www.reportlinker.com/p04201042-summary/view-report.html About Reportlinker ReportLinker is an award-winning market research solution. Reportlinker finds and organizes the latest industry data so you get all the market research you need - instantly, in one place. http://www.reportlinker.com __________________________ Contact Clare: clare@reportlinker.com US: (339)-368-6001 Intl: +1 339-368-6001 To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/veterinary-vaccines-market---global-industry-analysis-size-share-growth-trends-and-forecast-2016---2024-300342299.html SOURCE Reportlinker Related Links http://www.reportlinker.com Oct 10, 2016, 21:54 ET Preview: 2016 Europe Infectious Disease Molecular Diagnostics Market: Supplier Shares and Strategies, Country Volume and Sales Segment Forecasts, Innovative Technologies, Instrumentation Review Oct 10, 2016, 21:21 ET Preview: White Biotechnology Market - Global Industry Analysis, Size, Share, Growth, Trends, and Forecast 2016 - 2024 My News Release contains wide tables. View fullscreen. Also from this source Nov 10, 2016, 22:24 ETNanosatellite and Microsatellite Market - Global Industry... Nov 10, 2016, 22:22 ETSafe City: Technologies, Industry & Global Market - 2017-2022 Explore More news releases in similar topics Publishing & Information Services Health Care & Hospitals Animals & Pets Surveys, Polls and Research You just read: Veterinary Vaccines Market - Global Industry Analysis, Size, Share, Growth, Trends, and Forecast 2016 - 2024 News provided by Reportlinker Oct 10, 2016, 21:23 ET Share this article Looking to send a news release with PR Newswire? Take advantage of the world's leading distribution platform. Sign up to get started Request more information Have an account? Log In Phone 8AM - 10PM ET +1-888-776-0942 Send a Release Sign Up Blog For Journalists Contact Us Search Searching for your content... Advanced Search Contact 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Chat Online with an Expert Contact Us Solutions Cision Communication Cloud™ For Marketers For Public Relations For IR & Compliance For Agency For Small Business All Products About About PR Newswire About Cision Become a Publishing Partner Become a Channel Partner Careers   Global Sites Asia Brazil Canada Europe Finland France India Israel Mexico Middle East Netherlands Sweden United Kingdom My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Terms of Use Privacy Policy Information Security Policy Statement Site Map RSS Feeds Copyright © 2016 PR Newswire Association LLC. All Rights Reserved. A Cision company. News Solutions Resources News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News dansk Deutsch español Français italiano Nederlands norsk português suomeksi svenska Phone +1-888-776-0942 8AM - 10PM ET Chat Chat Online with an Expert All contact info Send a ReleaseLog In
Toggle navigation Nation World States Cities Business Sport Entertainment Galleries Videos Life Style Specials Opinions All Sections   States Tamil Nadu Kerala Karnataka Andhra Pradesh Telangana Odisha Cities Chennai Bengaluru Hyderabad Kochi Thiruvananthapuram Nation World Business Sport Cricket Football Tennis Other Education Social News Entertainment English Hindi Kannada Malayalam Tamil Telugu Review Galleries Videos Auto Life style Tech Health Travel Food Books Spirituality Opinions Editorials Ask Prabhu Columns Prabhu Chawla T J S George S Gurumurthy Ravi Shankar Shankkar Aiyar Shampa Dhar-Kamath Karamatullah K Ghori Edex Indulge Magazine The Sunday Standard E-paper Home Life Style Tech Samsung’s latest flame-out, a nail in consumer confidence on the electronics giant ? By Online Desk  |   Published: 06th October 2016 12:14 PM  |   Last Updated: 06th October 2016 12:57 PM  |   A+A A-   |   0 Share Via Email The Galaxy Note 7, foreground, is displayed in New York. | (AP) With the most recent instance of a Samsung note 7 replacement catching fire aboard an US flight, weeks after a note 2 device caught fire on Singapore –Chennai bound Indigo flight, it is leading to thequestion on everyones mind - will Samsung bounce back from this fiery controversy? The Samsung Galaxy Note 7, launched in August, has been in controversy with instances of certain units overheating and catching fire prompting Samsung to recall almost close to 2.5 million note 7 devices shipped globally as well as Both United State Federal Aviation Agency(FAA) as well as Director General of Civil Aviaition(DGCA) issuing warnings not to carry Note 7 devices on planes as well as to other countries. Samsung at present holds 22% of the worldwide smartphone sales in the Q2 2016 with an 0.5 increase since the second quarter of 2015 where as Apple had seen a 1.7 % decrease in smartphone sales since the second quarter of 2015, according to Gartner. But with the launch of note 7 led to a sudden fizzle with news of devices overheating while charging and catching fire while leading to mass recalls of the device around the time, the Iphone 7 was launched.The recall may cost Samsung up to $5 billion in revenue this year and will damage the company's reputation.Samsung says it has sold 2.5 million phones with faulty batteries, analysts told Reuters. There was a sharp decline in Samsung stock value close to September 12 where news of the global recall affected andshortly after which that it had seen a gradual recovery by the end of september. The news on many online forums have many threads related to the note 7 recall being the most discussed ones along with discussions and sub threads regarding the recall and how to get their note 7 device exchanged for any other devices. In the coming weeks, consumer confidence towards Samsung electronics which has a size-able share in the electronics and smart phone industry and a foray into all aspects of electronics from personal computers, to smartphones will do to regain consumer confidence regarding its products. Recall Rewind: Dell recall of Sony made laptop batteries: In 2006, Dell had to recall laptop batteriesmanufactured by Sony in Dell notebook as it was said that the batteries caught fire while charging and in use. Faulty Takata corp airbags: It lead to close to 300 million airbags manufactured bythe company being recalled when it was known that close to 9 people had been killed by shrapnel from faulty components. Merck -Vioxx: In 2004, Merck the pharmaceutical company was forced to take the painkiller vioxx off shelves as it studies showed it doubled heart attack and stoke risks and was said to caused heartattack and stroke in close to 50,000+ Americans. Toyota car recall: Between 2009 to 2011, Toyota was forced to recall many of itscars due to issues regarding the foot pedal, accelerator pedal and Anti locking brakes system software in three recalls asthese were said to have caused deaths due to acceleration by faulty pedals and many other issues. (With Inputs from Agencies)  TAGS note 7 Samsung note 7 samsung electronics consumer confidence O P E N Coupon Flipkart Shopclues eBay Mobile Prices Samsung Mobile Prices Micromax Mobile Prices Apple Mobile Latest WikiLeaks' Assange faces questioning Israel president arrives in India on 6-day visit Naxal-hit village gets electricity for the first time 34 bonded labourers rescued in Karnataka Poor facilities to greet Sabarimala pilgrims JE vaccination from Dec 1st week, toll reaches 92 Gallery Multiple exposure shots of high octane action at Junior Athletics Championship   Remembering Leonard Cohen by his top five songs arrow Videos F1 fans watch as Hamilton wins for first time in Brazil Box Office leads with 'Doctor Strange' arrow FOLLOW US Copyrights New Indian Express. 2016 Dinamani | Kannada Prabha | Sakhi | Cinema Express | Malayalam Vaarika Contact Us | About Us | Privacy Policy | Search | Terms of Use | Advertise With Us Home | Nation | World | Cities | Business | Columns | Entertainment | Sport | Magazine | The Sunday Standard
