Jump to main navigationJump to main content News Search News by eluta.ca Search Jobs at eluta.ca Jobs Login Register 18  Toronto Subscribe Help AdChoices Home News Opinion Business Investing Sports Life Arts Tech Drive Real Estate Portfolio Watchlist Markets Inside the Market Funds & ETFs Investment Ideas Personal Finance Retirement Market Updates Home» Globe Investor» Inside the Market» Market Updates A TSX tote board is pictured in Toronto in this file photo. (Frank Gunn/The Canadian Press) A TSX tote board is pictured in Toronto in this file photo. (Frank Gunn/The Canadian Press) The close: TSX falls as investors pocket ‘Trump trade’ profits Add to ... Reuters Published Thursday, Jan. 12, 2017 4:14PM EST Last updated Thursday, Jan. 12, 2017 5:15PM EST Comments Share via email Share on facebook Share on twitter Share on LinkedIn Print Canada’s benchmark stock index fell on Thursday, pressured by losses of heavyweight financial and energy stocks as investors took money off the table following solid gains since the U.S. presidential election. The lack of details on economic policy by U.S. President-elect Donald Trump at his news conference on Wednesday – the first since the November election – weighed on investor optimism. “I just think that people traded quickly into their belief of new policy on Trump coming into office and that pulls forward a lot of returns,” said Ben Jang, portfolio manager at Nicola Wealth Management. The Toronto Stock Exchange’s S&P/TSX composite index has rallied more than 5 per cent since the Nov. 8 election. Last week it touched its highest level since September 2014, at 15,621.40, just shy of its record high. “I think the sell-off is helping the market to normalize a bit and better understand that you need to wait until we are into the 100-day mark (of the new presidency) and we start to see a resemblance of what reform is going to look like,” Jang said. The TSX closed down 73.38 points, or 0.47 per cent, at 15,418.16. The country’s biggest banks and insurers were among the most influential weights on the index as bond yields fell, with Manulife Financial Corp down 1.8 per cent at C$24.43, and Bank of Montreal off 0.9 per cent to C$97.97. The financials group – which accounts for 35 per cent of the index – fell 0.5 per cent, while the energy group declined 0.9 per cent even as oil prices rose. Suncor Energy Inc dropped 0.9 per cent to C$42.78, while MEG Energy Corp slumped 5.4 per cent to C$7.96. MEG said it planned to refinance its debt and increase its capital spending by almost four times in 2017 after deferring some projects in 2016. U.S. crude oil futures settled 76 cents higher at $53.01 a barrel. Shaw Communications Inc fell 1.9 per cent to C$27.66 after the cable company’s quarterly profit more than halved as it took a charge related to the shutdown of a video streaming joint venture. Industrials fell 0.5 per cent, while the materials group, which includes precious and base metals miners and fertilizer companies, lost 0.4 per cent. Gold surged to a seven-week high above $1,200 an ounce before paring gains and copper prices advanced 2.2 per cent to $5,842.15 a tonne. Just two of the index’s 10 main groups ended higher, with telecoms rising 0.3 per cent and utilities up 0.6 per cent. Wall Street falls before earnings and on U.S. policy uncertainty The three major U.S. stock indexes closed lower on Thursday as investors waited for fourth-quarter corporate earnings and details of U.S. President-elect Donald Trump’s economic policy eight days ahead of his inauguration. While stocks pared losses as the session wore on, all but four of the S&P 500’s 11 sectors ended lower, with financials leading the decline a day ahead of the first major earnings reports in that sector. The S&P had risen 6.4 per cent since the Nov. 8 election. Trump on Wednesday dashed investor hopes for new details on his policy plans in his first news conference since the election, instead lashing out at U.S. spy agencies and media companies for what he called a “phony” Russia dossier and repeated promises to reform healthcare policies. On top of policy uncertainty, the market is missing stock buyback support in the quiet period ahead of earnings and individuals are putting more money into bonds than stocks, according to Jeffrey Kleintop, chief global investment strategist at Charles Schwab in Boston. “Companies can’t buy shares, and individuals all of a sudden stopped buying since the election. That could be the reason we’re seeing a little bit of a gap down today,” said Kleintop, but the dip could be temporary if earnings beat expectations. Kleintop cited Investment Company Institute’s data on Wednesday showing the biggest cash flows to bond funds from stock funds since the election. The Dow Jones Industrial Average fell 63.28 points, or 0.32 per cent, to close at 19,891, the S&P 500 dropped 4.88 points, or 0.21 per cent, to 2,270.44 and the Nasdaq Composite dipped 16.16 points, or 0.29 per cent, to 5,547.49. The S&P had fallen as much as 0.9 per cent earlier in the session, and its financial index finished off 0.74 per cent, as yields on long-dated bonds fell. Brad McMillan, Chief Investment Officer for Commonwealth Financial in Waltham, Mass. said the stock market’s continued proximity to its post-election peak was a positive sign. “The fact we’re still bouncing along the ceiling means to me that everybody’s still pretty optimistic,” said McMillan. “The population is confident. They’re willing to spend and they’re making more money and able to spend. That’s good news,” he said. The S&P’s healthcare sector ended up 0.07 per cent after tumbling 1 per cent in the previous day’s session because of Trump’s comments. The index was helped by a 0.9 per cent increase for Merck and a 2.5 per cent increase for Eli Lilly after a U.S. appeals court said it could block Teva Pharmaceutical Industries Ltd from selling a generic equivalent of Eli Lilly’s top-selling lung cancer drug. JPMorgan Chase was one of the biggest drags on the S&P 500 the day before its earnings report was due, losing nearly 1 per cent. Declining issues outnumbered advancing ones on the NYSE by a 1.55-to-1 ratio; on Nasdaq, a 1.96-to-1 ratio favored decliners. The S&P 500 posted 10 new 52-week highs and four new lows; the Nasdaq Composite recorded 60 new highs and 21 new lows. More than 6.7 billion shares changed hands on U.S. exchanges, higher than the 6.5 billion average in the last 20 sessions. Report Typo/Error   More Related to this Story Thursday's analyst upgrades and downgrades Gordon Pape: A major stock market correction and other predictions for 2017 At midday: TSX, Dow falls amid caution after Trump conference Topics Capital Markets Toronto Stock Exchange Inc. TSX Group S&P Company Donald Trump Comments Share via email Share on facebook Share on twitter Share on LinkedIn Print Next story | Learn More Discover content from The Globe and Mail that you might otherwise not have come across. Here we’ll provide you with fresh suggestions where we will continue to make even better ones as we get to know you better. You can let us know if a suggestion is not to your liking by hitting the ‘’ close button to the right of the headline. {{article_sprite}} {{title}} {{published_at}} In the know OBITUARY Ellen Watters was a rising star in Canadian cycling Globe Investor Splitting income is a great way to save tax, but you must do it properly Report on Business Companies with small dividends can still yield big returns Leah McLaren Why I’m giving up thoughtless meat consumption Arts John Doyle: Trump-era America is challenging the TV industry​ The Globe Recommends {{title}} Most popular videos » Report on Business Is a $700 parka ever worth it? Report on Business What are the best professions for working past age 65? Life Five reasons to never do crunches again Life Coconut products: Do they really stand up to the nutritional hype? Life Penn State 'Squirrel Girl' has students and animals going nuts News WARNING: Graphic content: Footage captures police firing on Nice driver Life Meet the Canadian travel blogger who has visited nearly 100 countries Report on Business Inside the market: Trump's impact on Canadian investors News Raw video released of Rob Ford smoking crack Arts Why Metallica frontman James Hetfield ditched Instagram Report on Business Companies with small dividends can still yield big returns Report on Business Are mortgage rates set to rise? Three indicators to watch ◀ ● ● ● ▶ Highlights Report on Business Students help students in budding mentor programs Report on Business Montreal physician bridges North-South divide to bring quality care to Nunavik More from The Globe and Mail Report on Business Why both the left and right are wrong about Davos Most popular Happy birthday, iPhone: Let’s talk about your dirty environmental secret Why Canadians can’t stop borrowing: Stagnating incomes How maintaining your telomeres can help you age healthily Davos elites struggle for answers as Trump era dawns ‘One China’ policy ‘non-negotiable’ Beijing official warns Trump X connect with us Products The Globe and Mail Newspaper Newspaper delivered to your doorstep. Subscribe to the newspaper Globe Unlimited Digital all access pass across devices. Subscribe to Globe Unlimited Globe2Go The digital replica of our newspaper. Subscribe to Globe2Go Globe Email Newsletters Get top Globe stories sent to your inbox. Subscribe to email newsletters Globe eBooks A collection of articles by the Globe. View the library Advertise with us GlobeLink.ca Your number one partner for reaching Canada's Influential Achievers. Or go directly to: Newspaper Magazine Digital Globe Alliance: extend your reach Globe Edge: custom content Classifieds The Globe at your Workplace Globe Corporate Sales Globe Unlimited digital edition and Globe2Go e-paper group discounts available. Learn more Corporate financial data and content licensing for your organization. Learn more Or go directly to: Report On Business Top 1000 DataStore essential business intelligence Our Company About us Work at The Globe Staff Secure Services Secure Drop Staff PGP Directory Customer Service Contact Us Customer Preference Center FAQs Customer Care website Digital subscription services Print subscription services Change your delivery address Vacation Stops Mobile Apps News NEWS APP Available for download on the following devices iPhone iPad Android Blackberry Other Sections Appointments Art Store Births & Announcements Corrections Classifieds Classroom Edition Deaths Newspaper Ads Real Estate Special Reports Site Map Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Disclaimer Accessibility Policy Community Guidelines Globe sustainability Editorial Code of Conduct Restrictions © Thomson Reuters 2012. All rights reserved. Republication or redistribution of Thomson Reuters content, including by framing or similar means, is prohibited without the prior written consent of Thomson Reuters. Thomson Reuters is not liable for any errors or delays in Thomson Reuters content, or for any actions taken in reliance on such content. ‘Thomson Reuters’ and the Thomson Reuters logo are trademarks of Thomson Reuters and its affiliated companies. Globe Investor is part of The Globe and Mail's Report on Business Selected data supplied by Thomson Reuters.© Thomson Reuters Limited. Click for Restrictions . Copyright 2017 The Globe and Mail Inc. All Rights Reserved. 351 King St. E., Suite 1600,  Toronto,  ON  Canada  M5A 0N1 Phillip Crawley, Publisher Add to Watchlist Add to Watchlist We've run into a glitch. Please try again later. We've run into a glitch. Please try again later.
