Bloomberg the Company & Its ProductsBloomberg Anywhere Remote LoginBloomberg Anywhere LoginBloomberg Terminal Demo Request Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. For Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Manage Contracts and Orders Support Americas+1 212 318 2000 EMEA+44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific+65 6212 1000 Company Careers Diversity and Inclusion Sustainability Tech Facts and Spaces Philanthropy and Engagement Bloomberg London Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Products Bloomberg Terminal Execution and Order Management Data and Content Financial Data Management Integration and Distribution Bloomberg Tradebook Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Media Bloomberg Markets Bloomberg Technology Bloomberg Pursuits Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg Opinion Bloomberg Businessweek Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile News Bureaus Media Services Bloomberg Live Conferences Bloomberg Media Distribution Advertising Company Careers Diversity and Inclusion Sustainability Tech Facts and Spaces Philanthropy and Engagement Bloomberg London Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Products Bloomberg Terminal Execution and Order Management Data and Content Financial Data Management Integration and Distribution Bloomberg Tradebook Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Media Bloomberg Markets Bloomberg Technology Bloomberg Pursuits Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg Opinion Bloomberg Businessweek Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile News Bureaus Media Services Bloomberg Live Conferences Bloomberg Media Distribution Advertising Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. For Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Manage Contracts and Orders Support Americas+1 212 318 2000 EMEA+44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific+65 6212 1000 MENU Homepage Markets Stocks Currencies Commodities Rates + Bonds Economics Magazine Benchmark Watchlist Economic Calendar Tech U.S. Global Startups Bloomberg Technology TV Gadgets With Gurman Digital Defense Studio 1.0 Focus On: Infrastructure Pursuits Cars & Bikes Style & Grooming Spend Watches & Gadgets Food & Drinks Travel Real Estate Art & Design Brilliant Ideas Politics Global Risk Briefing How We’ll Know if Trump Is Making America Great Again Tracking Trump’s Web of Conflicts GOP’s Health Plan: Tracking Key Changes One Amendment at a Time Kim Jong Un’s Big Nuclear Push Is Closing In on America Opinion View Gadfly Businessweek Subscribe Cover Stories Opening Remarks Etc Features 85th Anniversary Issue Behind The Cover More Climate Changed Video Series: Ventures Graphics Billionaires Game Plan Small Business Personal Finance Inspire GO The David Rubenstein Show Sponsored Content Bloomberg About The Company Sign In Sign In Subscribe Photographer: Nicky Loh/Bloomberg This Enzyme Is the New Focus for Cancer Treatment by Michelle Cortez @FayCortez More stories by Michelle Cortez June 4, 2017, 3:42 PM EDT Data presented this weekend at big cancer meeting is promising Small co. Incyte leads research with drug inhibiting enzyme For a fetus in the womb, it’s an enzyme that means life, a shield from a mother’s immune system that would otherwise fight the embryo as an infection. Gone rogue, it can mean death -- protecting malignant tumors from attacks by the body’s defenses. That enzyme, IDO, is now the target of the next wave of cancer research. Leading the pack with an experimental drug that inhibits IDO -- thus removing the cloud that protection around a tumor -- is Incyte Corp. The small firm from Wilmington, Delaware, has attracted four of the biggest makers of cancer treatments to collaborate on studies, including Merck & Co. While it’s early stage, the hope is to create a two-pronged combined attack: an IDO inhibitor would lay a tumor bare, enabling infection-fighting cells that have been reinvigorated by existing therapies to give the kill shot. “We actually feel pretty strongly that it’s likely this will be the standard of care for the treatment of melanoma in the next couple of years,” said Jason Luke, assistant professor of medicine at the University of Chicago Medicine, who focuses on early drug development. “It’s the combination that’s closest to prime time.” Promising Results The most important business stories of the day. Get Bloomberg's daily newsletter. Sign Up The IDO approach was the talk of the town among doctors and investors this weekend at the largest gathering of cancer researchers in the world, the American Society of Clinical Oncology meeting in Chicago. The first results in a meaningful number of patients, presented Saturday, looked promising. They confirmed earlier research that adding Incyte’s epacadostat to oncology drugs like Merck’s Keytruda boost their effectiveness without significantly increasing side effects, the typical trade-off of such cocktails. The results of the final study needed for approval to market an epacadostat combination with Keytruda for melanoma are expected next year. The field of therapies that unleash the immune system’s own defenses to fight tumors, known as immuno-oncology, has exploded in the past three years. It gave hope to patients when rounds of chemotherapy had failed, and created blockbusters like Keytruda. While very effective for certain patients, though, immunotherapies only work on fewer than half of them. To improve success rates, drugmakers turned to combining their immune-boosting therapies with other treatments -- a massive undertaking across the industry with almost 2,000 drug cocktails under study, according to Michael Schmidt, a biotechnology analyst at Leerink Partners in Boston. If successful, IDO drugs could create a market worth $3 billion to $5 billion annually, Schmidt said. Among the main challenges, however, would the price. New cancer medications cost $100,000 to $150,000 annually per patient. Putting two or three of the drugs into a single combination therapy could cause prices to skyrocket. “The issue is how on Earth are we actually going to pay for it,” said Sam Fazeli, an analyst at Bloomberg Intelligence in London. “You have to make a significant difference on a patient’s responsiveness or the duration of their response. Only time will tell.” 1998 Study The idea to inhibit IDO was sparked by a 1998 study in Science that examined the interplay between the immune system’s infection-fighting T-cells and tryptophan, an essential amino acid that provides the T-cells with fuel. The enzyme indoleamine, or IDO, can break down tryptophan, starving the T-cells and causing them to stop working. Embryos exploit this system by expressing IDO and avoiding the activation of the mother’s infection-fighting T-cells, explaining what researchers dubbed the “paradox of fetal survival.” Five years later, Belgian investigators found that most human tumors also express IDO, enabling them to grow unhindered. Incyte’s first efforts failed: IDO inhibitors alone failed to kill off cancer cells. The company turned to partners -- Merck, Bristol-Myers Squibb Co., Switzerland’s Roche Holding AG and U.K.’s AstraZeneca Plc. Secret Sauce “We became somewhat promiscuous,” said Steven Stein, Incyte’s chief medical officer. “I don’t know the secret sauce of why everyone wants to date us, but I come back to the fundamentals,” he said. “If the data is positive, everyone can use it and advance the field and their own commercial interests.” Besides the study combining epacadostat with Keytruda in melanoma, Incyte and Merck are trying the cocktail in four other tumor types, including lung, bladder and kidney cancers. Merck, Bristol-Myers and Roche are separately developing their own IDO inhibitor. And Roche is also working with NewLink Genetics Corp., a small drugmaker based in Iowa that has an IDO experimental drug. “It’s an important aspect of the fight against cancer that companies can work with each other,” said Herve Hoppenot, Incyte’s chief executive officer. Still, researchers and the industry alike caution that it’s still early. “This is the beginning of a very long journey,” said Bob Abraham, group head of oncology research and development at New York drug giant Pfizer Inc., which is also getting into the race. “The next big thing is very difficult to pin down at this point.” Luke, the University of Chicago Medicine oncologist, agrees. “We’ve all been here in cancer before where we were hopeful and it didn’t pan out,” said Luke, a proponent of IDO inhibitors and one of its early users. “We have to prove it. In oncology, it isn’t true until it’s true.” Before it's here, it's on the Bloomberg Terminal. LEARN MORE Most Read London Terror Attack Before Vote Leaves 7 Dead, Many Hurt As China Eyes Trade Growth, Europe Moves to Calm Wary Industries May Ramps Up Anti-Terror Rhetoric After Attack Kills Seven Toyota Says It Sold Entire Stake in Tesla in 2016 London Cops Adjust to New Terror Reality With Guns, Helicopters Terms of Service Trademarks Privacy Policy ©2017 Bloomberg L.P. All Rights Reserved Careers Made in NYC Advertise Ad Choices Website Feedback Help
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 4 June 2017 by Maciej Heyman New Monotherapy Data for Merck’s KEYTRUDA® (pembrolizumab) in Heavily Pre-Treated Patients with Advanced Gastric Cancer to be Presented at 2017 ASCO Annual Meeting KENILWORTH, N.J.–(BUSINESS WIRE)–Merck (NYSE: MRK), known as MSD outside the United States and Canada, today announced findings from Cohort 1 of the phase 2 registrational KEYNOTE-059 trial investigating KEYTRUDA® (pembrolizumab), the company’s anti-PD-1 therapy, as monotherapy in previously-treated patients with advanced gastric or gastroesophageal junction adenocarcinoma. Results showed an overall response rate (ORR) of 11.6 percent (95% CI, 8.0-16.1) in patients treated with KEYTRUDA who had received two or more prior lines of treatment, with higher response rates among patients with PD-L1 positive tumors. The results will be presented at the 2017 American Society of Clinical Oncology (ASCO) Annual Meeting in Chicago in an oral presentation on Sunday, June 4 from 9:00 – 9:12 a.m. CDT (Location: Hall D2) (Abstract #4003). Data from this Cohort support Merck’s supplemental Biologics License Application (sBLA) for KEYTRUDA – currently under Priority Review with the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) – seeking approval for the treatment of patients with recurrent or advanced gastric or gastroesophageal junction adenocarcinoma who have already received two or more lines of chemotherapy. “Advanced gastric cancer is difficult to treat and there is a significant need to identify new treatment options for these patients,” said Charles S. Fuchs, M.D., MPH, lead investigator and director of Yale Cancer Center. “The findings from this study showed meaningful response rates for KEYTRUDA in heavily pre-treated patients, who have historically faced poor outcomes.” “The data we are observing from this trial are encouraging as they demonstrate the potential for KEYTRUDA to address the serious unmet need that currently exists for patients with advanced gastric cancer,” said Dr. Roger Dansey, senior vice president and therapeutic area head, oncology late-stage development, Merck Research Laboratories. Merck is committed to investigating new approaches across the spectrum of cancers with more than 500 clinical trials evaluating KEYTRUDA (pembrolizumab) in more than 30 tumor types – including multiple gastrointestinal disorders, such as gastric or gastroesophageal cancers and MSI-H colorectal cancer, among others. Specific to gastric cancer, Merck’s broad clinical development program encompasses all stages of advanced disease and is investigating KEYTRUDA as monotherapy and in combination with other cancer treatments across multiple lines of therapy. To date, the program includes four gastric cancer registration-enabling studies and numerous other gastrointestinal cancer studies are underway. Key Findings from KEYNOTE-059 Cohort 1 KEYNOTE-059 is a registrational, phase 2 non-randomized, multi-cohort study investigating KEYTRUDA in patients with advanced gastric or gastroesophageal junction adenocarcinoma. In patients who received at least two prior chemotherapies (Cohort 1), KEYTRUDA is being investigated as a monotherapy (200 mg every three weeks for up to 24 months). The primary endpoints are ORR as assessed by Blinded Independent Central Review (BICR) using Response Evaluation Criteria in Solid Tumors (RECIST) v1.1 and safety; secondary endpoints include duration of response and overall survival. Data were further assessed based on PD-L1 expression; tumors were considered to have positive PD-L1 expression if the combined positive score (CPS) – as examined by tumor and immune cells – was equal to or greater than one. The efficacy analysis in all patients (n=259) showed an ORR of 11.6 percent (95% CI, 8.0- 16.1) – with a complete response rate of 2.3 percent (95% CI, 0.9-5.0) and a partial response rate of 9.3 percent (95% CI, 6.0-13.5). Data were further analyzed based on PD-L1 expression. In patients whose tumors expressed PD-L1 (CPS ≥1%) (n=148), the ORR was 15.5 percent (95% CI, 10.1-22.4) – with a complete response rate of two percent (95% CI, 0.4-5.8) and a partial response rate of 13.5 percent (95% CI, 8.5-20.1). In PD-L1 negative patients (n=109), the ORR was 6.4 percent (95% CI, 2.6-12.8) – with a complete response rate of 2.8 percent (95% CI, 0.6-7.8) and a partial response rate of 3.7 percent (95% CI, 1.0-9.1). Analyses based on prior lines of therapy showed that in patients who received two lines of prior chemotherapy (third-line treatment setting; n=134), the ORR was 16.4 percent (95% CI, 10.6-23.8) – with a complete response rate of 3.0 percent (95% CI, 0.8-7.5) and a partial response rate of 13.4 percent (95% CI, 8.2-20.4). In patients who had received three lines of prior chemotherapy (fourth-line treatment setting; n=125), the ORR was 6.4 percent (95% CI, 2.8-12.2) – with a complete response rate of 1.6 percent (95% CI, 0.2-5.7) and a partial response rate of 4.8 percent (95% CI, 1.8-10.2). The safety profile of KEYTRUDA (pembrolizumab) was consistent with that observed in previously reported studies. The treatment-related adverse events (any grade occurring in 5% or more of patients) were fatigue (18.9%), pruritus (8.9%), rash (8.5%), hypothyriodism (7.7%), decreased appetite (7.3%), anemia (6.9%), nausea (6.9%), diarrhea (6.6%), and arthralgia (5.8%). Grade 3-4 treatment-related adverse events observed (in all patients) were anemia (2.7%), fatigue (2.3%), diarrhea (1.2%), rash (0.8%), nausea (0.8%), hypothyroidism (0.4%), and arthralgia (0.4%). Two patients discontinued treatment due to treatment-related adverse events (abnormal hepatic function and bile duct stenosis); Grade 5 treatment-related adverse events occurred in two patients (acute kidney injury and pleural effusion). Immune-mediated adverse events of Grade 3-4 occurred in 4.6 percent or less of patients and included: colitis, pneumonitis, thyroiditis, hypothyroidism, and severe skin reactions. About Gastric Cancer Gastric cancer, also called stomach cancer, is a type of cancer that begins in the stomach and tends to develop slowly over many years. Most gastric cancers are adenocarcinomas, which develop from the cells of the innermost lining (mucosa) of the stomach. Risk factors for gastric cancer include gender, age, ethnicity, geography and infection with Helicobacter pylori. Worldwide, gastric cancer is the fifth most common type of cancer and the third leading cause of cancer death. Each year there are approximately 952,000 newly diagnosed cases of gastric cancer resulting in approximately 723,000 deaths worldwide. It is estimated that in 2017, more than 10,000 people will die from gastric cancer in the U.S. alone. About KEYTRUDA®(pembrolizumab) Injection KEYTRUDA is an anti-PD-1 therapy that works by increasing the ability of the body’s immune system to help detect and fight tumor cells. KEYTRUDA is a humanized monoclonal antibody that blocks the interaction between PD-1 and its ligands, PD-L1 and PD-L2, thereby activating T lymphocytes which may affect both tumor cells and healthy cells. Studies of KEYTRUDA – from the largest immuno-oncology program in the industry with more than 500 trials – include a wide variety of cancers and treatment settings. The KEYTRUDA clinical program seeks to understand factors that predict a patient’s likelihood of benefitting from treatment with KEYTRUDA, including the exploration of several different biomarkers across a broad range of tumors. KEYTRUDA is administered as an intravenous infusion over 30 minutes every three weeks for the approved indications. KEYTRUDA (pembrolizumab) for injection is supplied in a 100 mg single-dose vial. KEYTRUDA (pembrolizumab) Indications and Dosing Melanoma KEYTRUDA is indicated for the treatment of patients with unresectable or metastatic melanoma at a fixed dose of 200 mg every three weeks until disease progression or unacceptable toxicity. Lung Cancer KEYTRUDA, as a single agent, is indicated for the first-line treatment of patients with metastatic non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC) whose tumors have high PD-L1 expression [tumor proportion score (TPS) ≥50%] as determined by an FDA-approved test, with no EGFR or ALK genomic tumor aberrations. KEYTRUDA, as a single agent, is also indicated for the treatment of patients with metastatic NSCLC whose tumors express PD-L1 (TPS ≥1%) as determined by an FDA-approved test, with disease progression on or after platinum-containing chemotherapy. Patients with EGFR or ALK genomic tumor aberrations should have disease progression on FDA-approved therapy for these aberrations prior to receiving KEYTRUDA. KEYTRUDA, in combination with pemetrexed and carboplatin, is indicated for the first-line treatment of patients with metastatic nonsquamous NSCLC. This indication is approved under accelerated approval based on tumor response rate and progression-free survival. Continued approval for this indication may be contingent upon verification and description of clinical benefit in the confirmatory trials. In metastatic NSCLC, KEYTRUDA is administered at a fixed dose of 200 mg every three weeks until disease progression, unacceptable toxicity, or up to 24 months in patients without disease progression. When administering KEYTRUDA in combination with chemotherapy, KEYTRUDA should be administered prior to chemotherapy when given on the same day. See also the Prescribing Information for pemetrexed and carboplatin. Head and Neck Cancer KEYTRUDA is indicated for the treatment of patients with recurrent or metastatic head and neck squamous cell carcinoma (HNSCC) with disease progression on or after platinum-containing chemotherapy. This indication is approved under accelerated approval based on tumor response rate and durability of response. Continued approval for this indication may be contingent upon verification and description of clinical benefit in the confirmatory trials. In HNSCC, KEYTRUDA (pembrolizumab) is administered at a fixed dose of 200 mg every three weeks until disease progression, unacceptable toxicity, or up to 24 months in patients without disease progression. Classical Hodgkin Lymphoma KEYTRUDA is indicated for the treatment of adult and pediatric patients with refractory classical Hodgkin lymphoma (cHL), or who have relapsed after three or more prior lines of therapy. This indication is approved under accelerated approval based on tumor response rate and durability of response. Continued approval for this indication may be contingent upon verification and description of clinical benefit in the confirmatory trials. In adults with cHL, KEYTRUDA is administered at a fixed dose of 200 mg every three weeks until disease progression or unacceptable toxicity, or up to 24 months in patients without disease progression. In pediatric patients with cHL, KEYTRUDA is administered at a dose of 2 mg/kg (up to a maximum of 200 mg) every three weeks until disease progression or unacceptable toxicity, or up to 24 months in patients without disease progression. Urothelial Carcinoma KEYTRUDA is indicated for the treatment of patients with locally advanced or metastatic urothelial carcinoma who are not eligible for cisplatin-containing chemotherapy. This indication is approved under accelerated approval based on tumor response rate and duration of response. Continued approval for this indication may be contingent upon verification and description of clinical benefit in the confirmatory trials. KEYTRUDA is also indicated for the treatment of patients with locally advanced or metastatic urothelial carcinoma who have disease progression during or following platinum-containing chemotherapy or within 12 months of neoadjuvant or adjuvant treatment with platinum-containing chemotherapy. In locally advanced or metastatic urothelial carcinoma, KEYTRUDA is administered at a fixed dose of 200 mg every three weeks until disease progression or unacceptable toxicity, or up to 24 months in patients without disease progression. Microsatellite Instability-High (MSI-H) Cancer KEYTRUDA is indicated for the treatment of adult and pediatric patients with unresectable or metastatic microsatellite instability-high (MSI-H) or mismatch repair deficient (dMMR) solid tumors that have progressed following prior treatment and who have no satisfactory alternative treatment options, or colorectal cancer that has progressed following treatment with fluoropyrimidine, oxaliplatin, and irinotecan. This indication is approved under accelerated approval based on tumor response rate and durability of response. Continued approval for this indication may be contingent upon verification and description of clinical benefit in the confirmatory trials. The safety and effectiveness of KEYTRUDA (pembrolizumab) in pediatric patients with MSI-H central nervous system cancers have not been established. In adult patients with MSI-H cancer, KEYTRUDA is administered at a fixed dose of 200 mg every three weeks until disease progression, unacceptable toxicity, or up to 24 months in patients without disease progression. In pediatric patients with MSI-H cancer, KEYTRUDA is administered at a dose of 2 mg/kg (up to a maximum of 200 mg) every three weeks until disease progression or unacceptable toxicity, or up to 24 months in patients without disease progression. Selected Important Safety Information for KEYTRUDA® (pembrolizumab) KEYTRUDA can cause immune-mediated pneumonitis, including fatal cases. Pneumonitis occurred in 94 (3.4%) of 2799 patients receiving KEYTRUDA, including Grade 1 (0.8%), 2 (1.3%), 3 (0.9%), 4 (0.3%), and 5 (0.1%) pneumonitis, and occurred more frequently in patients with a history of prior thoracic radiation (6.9%) compared to those without (2.9%). Monitor patients for signs and symptoms of pneumonitis. Evaluate suspected pneumonitis with radiographic imaging. Administer corticosteroids for Grade 2 or greater pneumonitis. Withhold KEYTRUDA for Grade 2; permanently discontinue KEYTRUDA for Grade 3 or 4 or recurrent Grade 2 pneumonitis. KEYTRUDA can cause immune-mediated colitis. Colitis occurred in 48 (1.7%) of 2799 patients receiving KEYTRUDA, including Grade 2 (0.4%), 3 (1.1%), and 4 (<0.1%) colitis. Monitor patients for signs and symptoms of colitis. Administer corticosteroids for Grade 2 or greater colitis. Withhold KEYTRUDA for Grade 2 or 3; permanently discontinue KEYTRUDA for Grade 4 colitis. KEYTRUDA can cause immune-mediated hepatitis. Hepatitis occurred in 19 (0.7%) of 2799 patients receiving KEYTRUDA, including Grade 2 (0.1%), 3 (0.4%), and 4 (<0.1%) hepatitis. Monitor patients for changes in liver function. Administer corticosteroids for Grade 2 or greater hepatitis and, based on severity of liver enzyme elevations, withhold or discontinue KEYTRUDA. KEYTRUDA can cause hypophysitis. Hypophysitis occurred in 17 (0.6%) of 2799 patients receiving KEYTRUDA, including Grade 2 (0.2%), 3 (0.3%), and 4 (<0.1%) hypophysitis. Monitor patients for signs and symptoms of hypophysitis (including hypopituitarism and adrenal insufficiency). Administer corticosteroids and hormone replacement as clinically indicated. Withhold KEYTRUDA (pembrolizumab) for Grade 2; withhold or discontinue for Grade 3 or 4 hypophysitis. KEYTRUDA can cause thyroid disorders, including hyperthyroidism, hypothyroidism, and thyroiditis. Hyperthyroidism occurred in 96 (3.4%) of 2799 patients receiving KEYTRUDA, including Grade 2 (0.8%) and 3 (0.1%) hyperthyroidism. Hypothyroidism occurred in 237 (8.5%) of 2799 patients receiving KEYTRUDA, including Grade 2 (6.2%) and 3 (0.1%) hypothyroidism. Thyroiditis occurred in 16 (0.6%) of 2799 patients receiving KEYTRUDA, including Grade 2 (0.3%) thyroiditis. Monitor patients for changes in thyroid function (at the start of treatment, periodically during treatment, and as indicated based on clinical evaluation) and for clinical signs and symptoms of thyroid disorders. Administer replacement hormones for hypothyroidism and manage hyperthyroidism with thionamides and beta-blockers as appropriate. Withhold or discontinue KEYTRUDA for Grade 3 or 4 hyperthyroidism. KEYTRUDA can cause type 1 diabetes mellitus, including diabetic ketoacidosis, which have been reported in 6 (0.2%) of 2799 patients. Monitor patients for hyperglycemia or other signs and symptoms of diabetes. Administer insulin for type 1 diabetes, and withhold KEYTRUDA and administer antihyperglycemics in patients with severe hyperglycemia. KEYTRUDA can cause immune-mediated nephritis. Nephritis occurred in 9 (0.3%) of 2799 patients receiving KEYTRUDA, including Grade 2 (0.1%), 3 (0.1%), and 4 (<0.1%) nephritis. Monitor patients for changes in renal function. Administer corticosteroids for Grade 2 or greater nephritis. Withhold KEYTRUDA for Grade 2; permanently discontinue KEYTRUDA for Grade 3 or 4 nephritis. KEYTRUDA can cause other clinically important immune-mediated adverse reactions. These immune-mediated reactions may occur in any organ system. For suspected immune-mediated adverse reactions, ensure adequate evaluation to confirm etiology or exclude other causes. Based on the severity of the adverse reaction, withhold KEYTRUDA and administer corticosteroids. Upon improvement to Grade 1 or less, initiate corticosteroid taper and continue to taper over at least 1 month. Based on limited data from clinical studies in patients whose immune-related adverse reactions could not be controlled with corticosteroid use, administration of other systemic immunosuppressants can be considered. Resume KEYTRUDA when the adverse reaction remains at Grade 1 or less following corticosteroid taper. Permanently discontinue KEYTRUDA for any Grade 3 immune-mediated adverse reaction that recurs and for any life-threatening immune-mediated adverse reaction. The following clinically significant immune-mediated adverse reactions occurred in less than 1% (unless otherwise indicated) of 2799 patients: arthritis (1.5%), exfoliative dermatitis, bullous pemphigoid, rash (1.4%), uveitis, myositis, Guillain-Barré syndrome, myasthenia gravis, vasculitis, pancreatitis, hemolytic anemia, and partial seizures arising in a patient with inflammatory foci in brain parenchyma. In addition, myelitis and myocarditis were reported in other clinical trials, including classical Hodgkin lymphoma, and postmarketing use. Solid organ transplant rejection has been reported in postmarketing use of KEYTRUDA (pembrolizumab). Treatment with KEYTRUDA may increase the risk of rejection in solid organ transplant recipients. Consider the benefit of treatment with KEYTRUDA vs the risk of possible organ rejection in these patients. KEYTRUDA can cause severe or life-threatening infusion-related reactions, including hypersensitivity and anaphylaxis, which have been reported in 6 (0.2%) of 2799 patients. Monitor patients for signs and symptoms of infusion-related reactions, including rigors, chills, wheezing, pruritus, flushing, rash, hypotension, hypoxemia, and fever. For Grade 3 or 4 reactions, stop infusion and permanently discontinue KEYTRUDA. Immune-mediated complications, including fatal events, occurred in patients who underwent allogeneic hematopoietic stem cell transplantation (HSCT) after being treated with KEYTRUDA. Of 23 patients with cHL who proceeded to allogeneic HSCT after treatment with KEYTRUDA on any trial, 6 patients (26%) developed graft-versus-host-disease (GVHD), one of which was fatal, and 2 patients (9%) developed severe hepatic veno-occlusive disease (VOD) after reduced-intensity conditioning, one of which was fatal. Cases of fatal hyperacute GVHD after allogeneic HSCT have also been reported in patients with lymphoma who received a PD-1 receptor–blocking antibody before transplantation. These complications may occur despite intervening therapy between PD-1 blockade and allogeneic HSCT. Follow patients closely for early evidence of transplant-related complications such as hyperacute GVHD, severe (Grade 3 to 4) acute GVHD, steroid-requiring febrile syndrome, hepatic VOD, and other immune-mediated adverse reactions, and intervene promptly. Based on its mechanism of action, KEYTRUDA (pembrolizumab) can cause fetal harm when administered to a pregnant woman. If used during pregnancy, or if the patient becomes pregnant during treatment, apprise the patient of the potential hazard to a fetus. Advise females of reproductive potential to use highly effective contraception during treatment and for 4 months after the last dose of KEYTRUDA. In KEYNOTE-006, KEYTRUDA was discontinued due to adverse reactions in 9% of 555 patients with advanced melanoma; adverse reactions leading to discontinuation in more than one patient were colitis (1.4%), autoimmune hepatitis (0.7%), allergic reaction (0.4%), polyneuropathy (0.4%), and cardiac failure (0.4%). Adverse reactions leading to interruption of KEYTRUDA occurred in 21% of patients; the most common (≥1%) was diarrhea (2.5%). The most common adverse reactions with KEYTRUDA vs ipilimumab were fatigue (28% vs 28%), diarrhea (26% with KEYTRUDA), rash (24% vs 23%), and nausea (21% with KEYTRUDA). Corresponding incidence rates are listed for ipilimumab only for those adverse reactions that occurred at the same or lower rate than with KEYTRUDA (pembrolizumab). In KEYNOTE-002, KEYTRUDA was discontinued due to adverse reactions in 12% of 357 patients with advanced melanoma; the most common (≥1%) were general physical health deterioration (1%), asthenia (1%), dyspnea (1%), pneumonitis (1%), and generalized edema (1%). Adverse reactions leading to interruption of KEYTRUDA occurred in 14% of patients; the most common (≥1%) were dyspnea (1%), diarrhea (1%), and maculopapular rash (1%). The most common adverse reactions with KEYTRUDA vs chemotherapy were fatigue (43% with KEYTRUDA), pruritus (28% vs 8%), rash (24% vs 8%), constipation (22% vs 20%), nausea (22% with KEYTRUDA), diarrhea (20% vs 20%), and decreased appetite (20% with KEYTRUDA). Corresponding incidence rates are listed for chemotherapy only for those adverse reactions that occurred at the same or lower rate than with KEYTRUDA. KEYTRUDA monotherapy was discontinued due to adverse reactions in 8% of 682 patients with metastatic NSCLC. The most common adverse event resulting in permanent discontinuation of KEYTRUDA was pneumonitis (1.8%). Adverse reactions leading to interruption of KEYTRUDA occurred in 23% of patients; the most common (≥1%) were diarrhea (1%), fatigue (1.3%), pneumonia (1%), liver enzyme elevation (1.2%), decreased appetite (1.3%), and pneumonitis (1%). The most common adverse reactions (occurring in at least 20% of patients and at a higher incidence than with docetaxel) were decreased appetite (25% vs 23%), dyspnea (23% vs 20%), and nausea (20% vs 18%). When KEYTRUDA was administered in combination with carboplatin and pemetrexed (carbo/pem), KEYTRUDA was discontinued in 10% of 59 patients. The most common adverse reaction resulting in discontinuation of KEYTRUDA (≥2%) was acute kidney injury (3.4%). Adverse reactions leading to interruption of KEYTRUDA occurred in 39% of patients; the most common (≥2%) were fatigue (8%), neutrophil count decreased (8%), anemia (5%), dyspnea (3.4%), and pneumonitis (3.4%).The most common adverse reactions (≥20%) with KEYTRUDA compared to carbo/pem alone were fatigue (71% vs 50%), nausea (68% vs 56%), constipation (51% vs 37%), rash (42% vs 21%), vomiting (39% vs 27%), dyspnea (39% vs 21%), diarrhea (37% vs 23%), decreased appetite (31% vs 23%), headache (31% vs 16%), cough (24% vs 18%), dizziness (24% vs 16%), insomnia (24% vs 15%), pruritus (24% vs 4.8%), peripheral edema (22% vs 18%), dysgeusia (20% vs 11%), alopecia (20% vs 3.2%), upper respiratory tract infection (20% vs 3.2%), and arthralgia (15% vs 24%). This study was not designed to demonstrate a statistically significant difference in adverse reaction rates for KEYTRUDA as compared to carbo/pem alone for any specified adverse reaction. KEYTRUDA (pembrolizumab) was discontinued due to adverse reactions in 17% of 192 patients with HNSCC. Serious adverse reactions occurred in 45% of patients. The most frequent serious adverse reactions reported in at least 2% of patients were pneumonia, dyspnea, confusional state, vomiting, pleural effusion, and respiratory failure. The most common adverse reactions (reported in at least 20% of patients) were fatigue, decreased appetite, and dyspnea. Adverse reactions occurring in patients with HNSCC were generally similar to those occurring in patients with melanoma or NSCLC, with the exception of increased incidences of facial edema (10% all Grades; 2.1% Grades 3 or 4) and new or worsening hypothyroidism. KEYTRUDA was discontinued due to adverse reactions in 5% of 210 patients with cHL, and treatment was interrupted due to adverse reactions in 26% of patients. Fifteen percent (15%) of patients had an adverse reaction requiring systemic corticosteroid therapy. Serious adverse reactions occurred in 16% of patients. The most frequent serious adverse reactions (≥1%) included pneumonia, pneumonitis, pyrexia, dyspnea, GVHD, and herpes zoster. Two patients died from causes other than disease progression; one from GVHD after subsequent allogeneic HSCT and one from septic shock. The most common adverse reactions (occurring in ≥20% of patients) were fatigue (26%), pyrexia (24%), cough (24%), musculoskeletal pain (21%), diarrhea (20%), and rash (20%). In KEYNOTE-052, KEYTRUDA (pembrolizumab) was discontinued due to adverse reactions in 11% of 370 patients with locally advanced or metastatic urothelial carcinoma. The most common adverse reactions (in ≥20% of patients) were fatigue (38%), musculoskeletal pain (24%), decreased appetite (22%), constipation (21%), rash (21%), and diarrhea (20%). Eighteen patients (5%) died from causes other than disease progression. Five patients (1.4%) who were treated with KEYTRUDA experienced sepsis which led to death, and 3 patients (0.8%) experienced pneumonia which led to death. Adverse reactions leading to interruption of KEYTRUDA occurred in 22% of patients; the most common (≥1%) were liver enzyme increase, diarrhea, urinary tract infection, acute kidney injury, fatigue, joint pain, and pneumonia. Serious adverse reactions occurred in 42% of patients, the most frequent (≥2%) of which were urinary tract infection, hematuria, acute kidney injury, pneumonia, and urosepsis. In KEYNOTE-045, KEYTRUDA was discontinued due to adverse reactions in 8% of 266 patients with locally advanced or metastatic urothelial carcinoma. The most common adverse reaction resulting in permanent discontinuation of KEYTRUDA was pneumonitis (1.9%). Adverse reactions leading to interruption of KEYTRUDA occurred in 20% of patients; the most common (≥1%) were urinary tract infection (1.5%), diarrhea (1.5%), and colitis (1.1%). The most common adverse reactions (≥20%) in patients who received KEYTRUDA vs those who received chemotherapy were fatigue (38% vs 56%), musculoskeletal pain (32% vs 27%), pruritus (23% vs 6%), decreased appetite (21% vs 21%), nausea (21% vs 29%), and rash (20% vs 13%). Serious adverse reactions occurred in 39% of KEYTRUDA (pembrolizumab)-treated patients, the most frequent (≥2%) of which were urinary tract infection, pneumonia, anemia, and pneumonitis. The most common adverse reactions (reported in ≥20% of patients) were fatigue, pruritus, diarrhea, decreased appetite, rash, pyrexia, cough, dyspnea, musculoskeletal pain, constipation, and nausea. It is not known whether KEYTRUDA is excreted in human milk. Because many drugs are excreted in human milk, instruct women to discontinue nursing during treatment with KEYTRUDA and for 4 months after the final dose. Our Focus on Cancer Our goal is to translate breakthrough science into innovative oncology medicines to help people with cancer worldwide. At Merck, helping people fight cancer is our passion and supporting accessibility to our cancer medicines is our commitment. Our focus is on pursuing research in immuno-oncology and we are accelerating every step in the journey – from lab to clinic – to potentially bring new hope to people with cancer. As part of our focus on cancer, Merck is committed to exploring the potential of immuno-oncology with one of the fastest-growing development programs in the industry. We are currently executing an expansive research program that includes more than 500 clinical trials evaluating our anti-PD-1 therapy across more than 30 tumor types. We also continue to strengthen our immuno-oncology portfolio through strategic acquisitions and are prioritizing the development of several promising immunotherapeutic candidates with the potential to improve the treatment of advanced cancers. For more information about our oncology clinical trials, visit www.merck.com/clinicaltrials. About Merck For more than a century, Merck, a leading global biopharmaceutical company known as MSD outside of the United States and Canada, has been inventing for life, bringing forward medicines and vaccines for many of the world’s most challenging diseases. Through our prescription medicines, vaccines, biologic therapies and animal health products, we work with customers and operate in more than 140 countries to deliver innovative health solutions. We also demonstrate our commitment to increasing access to health care through far-reaching policies, programs and partnerships. Today, Merck continues to be at the forefront of research to advance the prevention and treatment of diseases that threaten people and communities around the world – including cancer, cardio-metabolic diseases, emerging animal diseases, Alzheimer’s disease and infectious diseases including HIV and Ebola. For more information, visit www.merck.com and connect with us on Twitter, Facebook, Instagram, YouTube and LinkedIn. Forward-Looking Statement of Merck & Co., Inc., Kenilworth, N.J., USA This news release of Merck & Co., Inc., Kenilworth, N.J., USA (the “company”) includes “forward-looking statements” within the meaning of the safe harbor provisions of the U.S. Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These statements are based upon the current beliefs and expectations of the company’s management and are subject to significant risks and uncertainties. There can be no guarantees with respect to pipeline products that the products will receive the necessary regulatory approvals or that they will prove to be commercially successful. If underlying assumptions prove inaccurate or risks or uncertainties materialize, actual results may differ materially from those set forth in the forward-looking statements. Risks and uncertainties include but are not limited to, general industry conditions and competition; general economic factors, including interest rate and currency exchange rate fluctuations; the impact of pharmaceutical industry regulation and health care legislation in the United States and internationally; global trends toward health care cost containment; technological advances, new products and patents attained by competitors; challenges inherent in new product development, including obtaining regulatory approval; the company’s ability to accurately predict future market conditions; manufacturing difficulties or delays; financial instability of international economies and sovereign risk; dependence on the effectiveness of the company’s patents and other protections for innovative products; and the exposure to litigation, including patent litigation, and/or regulatory actions. The company undertakes no obligation to publicly update any forward-looking statement, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. Additional factors that could cause results to differ materially from those described in the forward-looking statements can be found in the company’s 2016 Annual Report on Form 10-K and the company’s other filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) available at the SEC’s Internet site (www.sec.gov). Please see Prescribing Information for KEYTRUDA (pembrolizumab) at http://www.merck.com/product/usa/pi_circulars/k/keytruda/keytruda_pi.pdf and Patient Information/Medication Guide for KEYTRUDA at http://www.merck.com/product/usa/pi_circulars/k/keytruda/keytruda_mg.pdf. CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Positive Phase 2b Trial of Pharmalink’s Nefecon in Primary IgA Nephropathy Presented at Leading Kidney Disease Conference Next PostNext Regeneron and Sanofi Present Positive Study Results for Investigational PD-1 Antibody REGN2810 at American Society of Clinical Oncology (ASCO) Annual Meeting Search Recent Posts Ion Exchange Resins Market expected to grow at a CAGR of 5.4% from 2016 – 2026 Asia-Pacific STV Stevia Market Research Report 2017 to 2022 Global Methionine Market Analysis- Size, Share, overview, scope, Revenue, Gross Margin, Segment and Forecast 2017 IBM Research Alliance Builds New Transistor for 5nm Technology Mobile Phone Accessories Market will reach at a CAGR of 6.9% from 2015 to 2025 Business Directory Business Contacts Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 4 June 2017 by Maciej Heyman F-star Expands its Relationship with Merck through a new Strategic Collaboration to Develop Bispecific Antibodies in Immuno-Oncology New strategic collaboration to develop and commercialise five bispecific immuno-oncology antibodies, including F-star’s lead asset FS118 F-star to receive up to €115 million over the first two years Merck has option to acquire the programmes, with potential deal value of over €1 billion Cambridge, UK, June 04, 2017 / B3C newswire / — F-star, a biopharmaceutical company developing novel bispecific antibodies, announces today a new partnership with Merck, a leading science and technology company, for the development and commercialisation of five bispecific immuno-oncology antibodies (mAb2 ™).   Under the agreement and upon delivery of pre-defined data packages, Merck has the option to acquire five of F-star’s bispecific programmes. This option includes exclusive development and commercialisation rights to F-star’s preclinical lead asset FS118, which is designed to block LAG-3 (Lymphocyte-Activation Gene 3) and PD-L1 (Programmed Death-Ligand 1), two pathways commonly used by cancer cells to evade the immune system. In a preclinical model, F-star has demonstrated that FS118 could improve efficacy compared to monotherapy combinations, which supports the potential to initiate a clinical development programme (1). Upon option exercise, in addition to FS118, F-star grants Merck exclusive development and commercial rights to four novel bispecific antibodies targeting specific pathways to augment the anti-tumour immune response. In return, Merck will pay up to €115m in upfront, R&D funding and milestone payments in the first two years, and make further payments upon exercising its option and based on milestones.  John Haurum, CEO of F-star, said: “This immuno-oncology collaboration expands our strong relationship with Merck and is a further validation of the potential of F-star’s bispecific antibody platform. Our vision is to transform the treatment of cancer. This is the objective of partnering our lead asset FS118 and other next-generation immuno-oncology compounds with Merck.   This deal also underscores the attractiveness of our asset-centric business model, which provides a flexible deal-making framework whilst at the same time maximising the value of F-star’s bispecific programmes and technology platform. This approach also provides us with additional non-dilutive cash to support our investment in the development of our own pipeline of bispecific antibodies, with a strong focus on immuno-oncology.” This collaboration with Merck is held within F-star’s fourth asset centric vehicle, F-star Delta. Upon the delivery of a pre-defined data package, Merck has an option to acquire the bispecific programmes through the acquisition of F-star Delta and will make further payments upon option exercise as well as milestones with the potential total deal value reaching over €1 billion. Luciano Rossetti, Executive Vice President, Global Head of Research & Development at the biopharma business of Merck, commented: “Our collaboration with F-star will help us to rapidly enhance our pipeline and grow our portfolio of bispecific immunotherapies. This deal complements our internal capabilities in immuno-oncology and positions us as a potential leader in this important area of research.” About F-star F-star is a clinical-stage biopharmaceutical company developing bispecific antibody immuno-oncology products selected for their potential to transform the treatment of cancer. Through the application of its highly efficient Modular Antibody Technology™ platform, F-star is the only biotechnology company able to rapidly create bispecific antibodies with properties virtually identical to a typical antibody. This offers unprecedented ease in the discovery, development, and manufacturing of bispecific antibody products.  F-star has currently one programme in the clinic with a second immuno-oncology programme heading toward IND. The Company has built a comprehensive IP estate around its technology and product pipeline, with over 50 patent applications filed and over 25 granted patents. F-star’s management team has a well-established track record in building successful biotech companies, and developing biologics. The team is advised by a world-leading scientific advisory board and a highly experienced board of directors. The strength of the technology and programmes has been leveraged through partnerships with leading biopharmaceutical companies including AbbVie, Merck KGaA and Denali Therapeutics. F-star has raised close to $200M in non-dilutive capital and revenues. The company currently employs over 80 people at its research site in Cambridge, UK. About Merck Merck is a leading science and technology company in healthcare, life science and performance materials. Around 50,000 employees work to further develop technologies that improve and enhance life – from biopharmaceutical therapies to treat cancer or multiple sclerosis, cutting-edge systems for scientific research and production, to liquid crystals for smartphones and LCD televisions. In 2016, Merck generated sales of € 15.0 billion in 66 countries. Founded in 1668, Merck is the world’s oldest pharmaceutical and chemical company. The founding family remains the majority owner of the publicly listed corporate group. Merck holds the global rights to the Merck name and brand. The only exceptions are the United States and Canada, where the company operates as EMD Serono, MilliporeSigma and EMD Performance Materials.   Contacts At F-star Pierre Peotta Communications Manager +44 (0)7392 080 279 This e-mail address is being protected from spambots. You need JavaScript enabled to view it Media enquiries Instinctif Partners (EU & RoW) Sue Charles/Daniel Gooch +44 (0)20 7866 7905 This e-mail address is being protected from spambots. You need JavaScript enabled to view it Lazar Partners (USA) Glenn Silver +1 (0)212 867 1762 This e-mail address is being protected from spambots. You need JavaScript enabled to view it  (1) Poster at the 2016 annual SITC meeting, National Harbor, Maryland, USA CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Viralytics Ltd. (VRACY: OTCQX International) | Ceasing to be a substantial holder Next PostNext St. Louis Clinic Introduces Weight Loss Breakthrough Posted on 4 June 2017 by Maciej Heyman F-star Expands its Relationship with Merck through a new Strategic Collaboration to Develop Bispecific Antibodies in Immuno-Oncology New strategic collaboration to develop and commercialise five bispecific immuno-oncology antibodies, including F-star’s lead asset FS118 F-star to receive up to €115 million over the first two years Merck has option to acquire the programmes, with potential deal value of over €1 billion Cambridge, UK, June 04, 2017 / B3C newswire / — F-star, a biopharmaceutical company developing novel bispecific antibodies, announces today a new partnership with Merck, a leading science and technology company, for the development and commercialisation of five bispecific immuno-oncology antibodies (mAb2 ™).   Under the agreement and upon delivery of pre-defined data packages, Merck has the option to acquire five of F-star’s bispecific programmes. This option includes exclusive development and commercialisation rights to F-star’s preclinical lead asset FS118, which is designed to block LAG-3 (Lymphocyte-Activation Gene 3) and PD-L1 (Programmed Death-Ligand 1), two pathways commonly used by cancer cells to evade the immune system. In a preclinical model, F-star has demonstrated that FS118 could improve efficacy compared to monotherapy combinations, which supports the potential to initiate a clinical development programme (1). Upon option exercise, in addition to FS118, F-star grants Merck exclusive development and commercial rights to four novel bispecific antibodies targeting specific pathways to augment the anti-tumour immune response. In return, Merck will pay up to €115m in upfront, R&D funding and milestone payments in the first two years, and make further payments upon exercising its option and based on milestones.  John Haurum, CEO of F-star, said: “This immuno-oncology collaboration expands our strong relationship with Merck and is a further validation of the potential of F-star’s bispecific antibody platform. Our vision is to transform the treatment of cancer. This is the objective of partnering our lead asset FS118 and other next-generation immuno-oncology compounds with Merck.   This deal also underscores the attractiveness of our asset-centric business model, which provides a flexible deal-making framework whilst at the same time maximising the value of F-star’s bispecific programmes and technology platform. This approach also provides us with additional non-dilutive cash to support our investment in the development of our own pipeline of bispecific antibodies, with a strong focus on immuno-oncology.” This collaboration with Merck is held within F-star’s fourth asset centric vehicle, F-star Delta. Upon the delivery of a pre-defined data package, Merck has an option to acquire the bispecific programmes through the acquisition of F-star Delta and will make further payments upon option exercise as well as milestones with the potential total deal value reaching over €1 billion. Luciano Rossetti, Executive Vice President, Global Head of Research & Development at the biopharma business of Merck, commented: “Our collaboration with F-star will help us to rapidly enhance our pipeline and grow our portfolio of bispecific immunotherapies. This deal complements our internal capabilities in immuno-oncology and positions us as a potential leader in this important area of research.” About F-star F-star is a clinical-stage biopharmaceutical company developing bispecific antibody immuno-oncology products selected for their potential to transform the treatment of cancer. Through the application of its highly efficient Modular Antibody Technology™ platform, F-star is the only biotechnology company able to rapidly create bispecific antibodies with properties virtually identical to a typical antibody. This offers unprecedented ease in the discovery, development, and manufacturing of bispecific antibody products.  F-star has currently one programme in the clinic with a second immuno-oncology programme heading toward IND. The Company has built a comprehensive IP estate around its technology and product pipeline, with over 50 patent applications filed and over 25 granted patents. F-star’s management team has a well-established track record in building successful biotech companies, and developing biologics. The team is advised by a world-leading scientific advisory board and a highly experienced board of directors. The strength of the technology and programmes has been leveraged through partnerships with leading biopharmaceutical companies including AbbVie, Merck KGaA and Denali Therapeutics. F-star has raised close to $200M in non-dilutive capital and revenues. The company currently employs over 80 people at its research site in Cambridge, UK. About Merck Merck is a leading science and technology company in healthcare, life science and performance materials. Around 50,000 employees work to further develop technologies that improve and enhance life – from biopharmaceutical therapies to treat cancer or multiple sclerosis, cutting-edge systems for scientific research and production, to liquid crystals for smartphones and LCD televisions. In 2016, Merck generated sales of € 15.0 billion in 66 countries. Founded in 1668, Merck is the world’s oldest pharmaceutical and chemical company. The founding family remains the majority owner of the publicly listed corporate group. Merck holds the global rights to the Merck name and brand. The only exceptions are the United States and Canada, where the company operates as EMD Serono, MilliporeSigma and EMD Performance Materials.   Contacts At F-star Pierre Peotta Communications Manager +44 (0)7392 080 279 This e-mail address is being protected from spambots. You need JavaScript enabled to view it Media enquiries Instinctif Partners (EU & RoW) Sue Charles/Daniel Gooch +44 (0)20 7866 7905 This e-mail address is being protected from spambots. You need JavaScript enabled to view it Lazar Partners (USA) Glenn Silver +1 (0)212 867 1762 This e-mail address is being protected from spambots. You need JavaScript enabled to view it  (1) Poster at the 2016 annual SITC meeting, National Harbor, Maryland, USA CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Viralytics Ltd. (VRACY: OTCQX International) | Ceasing to be a substantial holder Next PostNext St. Louis Clinic Introduces Weight Loss Breakthrough Search Recent Posts Baccalaureate offers seniors a reflection on service, humility and hope PINTEC Subsidiary Dumiao is First Digital Lending Tech Provider to Issue ABS on Shanghai Exchange biOasis to Present at the 16th International Postgraduate Course on Lysosomal Storage Disorders biOasis to Present at the 16th International Postgraduate Course on Lysosomal Storage Disorders Kombination aus Epacadostat plus Keytruda® (Pembrolizumab) zeigt Aktivität in klinischer Studie mit Patienten mit fortgeschrittenem nichtkleinzelligem Lungenkrebs (NSCLC) Business Directory Business Contacts Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 4 June 2017 by Maciej Heyman Merck KGaA, Darmstadt, Germany, Strengthens Immuno-Oncology Portfolio through Expansion of F-star Collaboration including LAG-3/PD-L1 Bispecific Antibody DARMSTADT, Germany, June 4, 2017 /PRNewswire/ — Merck KGaA, Darmstadt, Germany, a leading science and technology company which operates its biopharmaceutical business as EMD Serono in the U.S. and Canada, today announced a new strategic collaboration with biopharmaceutical company F-star, Cambridge, UK, for the development and commercialization of five bispecific immuno-oncology antibodies. Beyond these five bispecific antibodies, Merck KGaA, Darmstadt, Germany, will have further rights to replace, as well as to add to these antibodies using F-star’s bispecific antibody platform. This collaboration will further strengthen Merck KGaA, Darmstadt, Germany’s immuno-oncology pipeline and underscores the commitment to discovering and developing breakthrough cancer therapies that make a meaningful difference to patients’ lives. „Our collaboration with F-star will help us to rapidly enhance our pipeline and grow our portfolio of bispecific immunotherapies,” said Luciano Rossetti, Executive Vice President, Global Head of Research & Development at the biopharma business of Merck KGaA, Darmstadt, Germany. „This deal complements our internal capabilities in immuno-oncology and positions us as a potential leader in this important area of research.” Under these agreements and upon delivery of pre-defined data packages, Merck KGaA, Darmstadt, Germany, has the option to acquire five of F-star’s bispecific programs. This option includes exclusive development and commercialization rights to F-star’s preclinical lead asset FS118, which is designed to block LAG-3 (Lymphocyte-Activation Gene 3) and PD-L1 (Programmed Death-Ligand 1), two pathways commonly used by cancer cells to evade the immune system. In addition, F-star will grant Merck KGaA, Darmstadt, Germany, exclusive development and commercial rights to four novel bispecific antibodies of Merck KGaA, Darmstadt, Germany’s choosing from F-star’s bispecific antibody platform. These bispecific antibodies target specific pathways to augment the anti-tumor immune response. In return, Merck KGaA, Darmstadt, Germany, will pay up to €115 million in upfront, R&D funding and milestone payments in the first 2 years, and may make further payments upon exercising its option and based on milestones. Merck KGaA Darmstadt, Germany, already has a bifunctional antibody in its pipeline, M7824. Currently in Phase I, M7824 is believed to combine two mechanisms in one molecule to fight cancer. The addition of assets from F-star’s bispecific antibody platform enrich and complement Merck KGaA, Darmstadt, Germany’s existing in-house technologies investigating molecules that offer the potential advantage of taking a dual approach to tackling cancer. Discovered in-house, M7824 is an investigational immunotherapy designed to simultaneously block two immuno-inhibitory pathways (PD-L1 and TGF-β) that are commonly used by cancer cells to evade the immune system. „This immuno-oncology collaboration expands our strong relationship with Merck KGaA, Darmstadt, Germany, and is a further validation of the potential of F-star’s bispecific antibody platform,” said John Haurum, CEO of F-star. „Our vision is to transform the treatment of cancer. This is the objective of partnering our lead asset FS118 and other next-generation immuno-oncology compounds with Merck KGaA, Darmstadt, Germany.” Merck KGaA, Darmstadt, Germany, is committed to exploring an array of targets, and taking creative scientific approaches to developing novel therapies for hard-to-treat cancers. With the belief that rational combination is the key to the future of new and more efficacious treatment options, Merck KGaA, Darmstadt, Germany, has a particular focus on combination therapies, whether it be with chemotherapy/radiotherapy, other targeted therapies and/or immunotherapies from its own or external portfolios. The strength of Merck KGaA, Darmstadt, Germany’s promising oncology development program and growing presence in the field of immuno-oncology demonstrates how the company is re-imagining the way cancer care is delivered. For further information and press materials on Merck KGaA, Darmstadt, Germany’s activities in oncology, please visit http://www.emdgroup.com/emd/media/media_center_oncology.html All Merck KGaA, Darmstadt, Germany, press releases are distributed by e-mail at the same time they become available on the EMD Group Website. In case you are a resident of the USA or Canada please go to www.emdgroup.com/subscribe to register again for your online subscription of this service as our newly introduced geo-targeting requires new links in the email. You may later change your selection or discontinue this service. About Merck KGaA, Darmstadt, Germany Merck KGaA, Darmstadt, Germany, is a leading science and technology company in healthcare, life science and performance materials. Around 50,000 employees work to further develop technologies that improve and enhance life – from biopharmaceutical therapies to treat cancer or multiple sclerosis, cutting-edge systems for scientific research and production, to liquid crystals for smartphones and LCD televisions. In 2016, Merck KGaA, Darmstadt, Germany, generated sales of € 15.0 billion in 66 countries. Founded in 1668, Merck KGaA, Darmstadt, Germany, is the world’s oldest pharmaceutical and chemical company. The founding family remains the majority owner of the publicly listed corporate group. Merck KGaA, Darmstadt, Germany, holds the global rights to the „Merck” name and brand. The only exceptions are the United States and Canada, where the company operates as EMD Serono, MilliporeSigma and EMD Performance Materials. To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/merck-kgaa-darmstadt-germany-strengthens-immuno-oncology-portfolio-through-expansion-of-f-star-collaboration-including-lag-3pd-l1-bispecific-antibody-300468333.html SOURCE Merck KGaA, Darmstadt, Germany Related Links http://www.emdgroup.com CategoriesUncategorized TagsContracts, New Products & Services Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Airwheel R3 Mini Folding Electric Assist Bike Make Riders Regain the Joy of Youth Next PostNext Myriad’s BRACAnalysis CDx® Test Identified Patients with Metastatic Breast Cancer Who Benefited from Treatment with Olaparib in Phase 3 OlympiAD Study Search Recent Posts Without safeguarding oceans, achieving the 2030 Sustainable Development Agenda will be impossible Focusky Free Slideshow Presentation Tool—Easily Make Deluxe Animated Slideshow Leawo Launched 2017 Hot Summer & Hot Sales Campaign with Giveaway and Big Discounts Included meo推出專為智慧建築和智慧城市設計的“blue”智慧空氣品質監測儀 Fordham University School of Law Launches Legal English Institute Business Directory Business Contacts Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Proudly powered by WordPress
Contact Us Journalists Blog Log In Sign Up Send a Release News Solutions Resources Search News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News español português Česko Danmark Deutschland España France Italia Nederlands Norge Polska Portugal Россия Slovensko Sverige Suomi Merck KGaA, Darmstadt, Germany, Strengthens Immuno-Oncology Portfolio through Expansion of F-star Collaboration including LAG-3/PD-L1 Bispecific Antibody - New strategic collaboration to develop and commercialize bispecific immuno-oncology antibodies, including LAG-3/PD-L1 asset FS118 - Potential for Merck KGaA, Darmstadt, Germany, to rapidly expand its immuno-oncology portfolio, supporting the goal to be a leader in this area of research News provided by Merck KGaA, Darmstadt, Germany 04 Jun, 2017, 07:15 ET Share this article DARMSTADT, Germany, June 4, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- Merck KGaA, Darmstadt, Germany, a leading science and technology company which operates its biopharmaceutical business as EMD Serono in the U.S. and Canada, today announced a new strategic collaboration with biopharmaceutical company F-star, Cambridge, UK, for the development and commercialization of five bispecific immuno-oncology antibodies. Beyond these five bispecific antibodies, Merck KGaA, Darmstadt, Germany, will have further rights to replace, as well as to add to these antibodies using F-star's bispecific antibody platform. This collaboration will further strengthen Merck KGaA, Darmstadt, Germany's immuno-oncology pipeline and underscores the commitment to discovering and developing breakthrough cancer therapies that make a meaningful difference to patients' lives. "Our collaboration with F-star will help us to rapidly enhance our pipeline and grow our portfolio of bispecific immunotherapies," said Luciano Rossetti, Executive Vice President, Global Head of Research & Development at the biopharma business of Merck KGaA, Darmstadt, Germany. "This deal complements our internal capabilities in immuno-oncology and positions us as a potential leader in this important area of research." Under these agreements and upon delivery of pre-defined data packages, Merck KGaA, Darmstadt, Germany, has the option to acquire five of F-star's bispecific programs. This option includes exclusive development and commercialization rights to F-star's preclinical lead asset FS118, which is designed to block LAG-3 (Lymphocyte-Activation Gene 3) and PD-L1 (Programmed Death-Ligand 1), two pathways commonly used by cancer cells to evade the immune system. In addition, F-star will grant Merck KGaA, Darmstadt, Germany, exclusive development and commercial rights to four novel bispecific antibodies of Merck KGaA, Darmstadt, Germany's choosing from F-star's bispecific antibody platform. These bispecific antibodies target specific pathways to augment the anti-tumor immune response. In return, Merck KGaA, Darmstadt, Germany, will pay up to €115 million in upfront, R&D funding and milestone payments in the first 2 years, and may make further payments upon exercising its option and based on milestones. Merck KGaA Darmstadt, Germany, already has a bifunctional antibody in its pipeline, M7824. Currently in Phase I, M7824 is believed to combine two mechanisms in one molecule to fight cancer. The addition of assets from F-star's bispecific antibody platform enrich and complement Merck KGaA, Darmstadt, Germany's existing in-house technologies investigating molecules that offer the potential advantage of taking a dual approach to tackling cancer. Discovered in-house, M7824 is an investigational immunotherapy designed to simultaneously block two immuno-inhibitory pathways (PD-L1 and TGF-β) that are commonly used by cancer cells to evade the immune system. "This immuno-oncology collaboration expands our strong relationship with Merck KGaA, Darmstadt, Germany, and is a further validation of the potential of F-star's bispecific antibody platform," said John Haurum, CEO of F-star. "Our vision is to transform the treatment of cancer. This is the objective of partnering our lead asset FS118 and other next-generation immuno-oncology compounds with Merck KGaA, Darmstadt, Germany." Merck KGaA, Darmstadt, Germany, is committed to exploring an array of targets, and taking creative scientific approaches to developing novel therapies for hard-to-treat cancers. With the belief that rational combination is the key to the future of new and more efficacious treatment options, Merck KGaA, Darmstadt, Germany, has a particular focus on combination therapies, whether it be with chemotherapy/radiotherapy, other targeted therapies and/or immunotherapies from its own or external portfolios. The strength of Merck KGaA, Darmstadt, Germany's promising oncology development program and growing presence in the field of immuno-oncology demonstrates how the company is re-imagining the way cancer care is delivered. For further information and press materials on Merck KGaA, Darmstadt, Germany's activities in oncology, please visit http://www.emdgroup.com/emd/media/media_center_oncology.html All Merck KGaA, Darmstadt, Germany, press releases are distributed by e-mail at the same time they become available on the EMD Group Website. In case you are a resident of the USA or Canada please go to www.emdgroup.com/subscribe to register again for your online subscription of this service as our newly introduced geo-targeting requires new links in the email. You may later change your selection or discontinue this service. About Merck KGaA, Darmstadt, Germany Merck KGaA, Darmstadt, Germany, is a leading science and technology company in healthcare, life science and performance materials. Around 50,000 employees work to further develop technologies that improve and enhance life – from biopharmaceutical therapies to treat cancer or multiple sclerosis, cutting-edge systems for scientific research and production, to liquid crystals for smartphones and LCD televisions. In 2016, Merck KGaA, Darmstadt, Germany, generated sales of € 15.0 billion in 66 countries. Founded in 1668, Merck KGaA, Darmstadt, Germany, is the world's oldest pharmaceutical and chemical company. The founding family remains the majority owner of the publicly listed corporate group. Merck KGaA, Darmstadt, Germany, holds the global rights to the "Merck" name and brand. The only exceptions are the United States and Canada, where the company operates as EMD Serono, MilliporeSigma and EMD Performance Materials. To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/merck-kgaa-darmstadt-germany-strengthens-immuno-oncology-portfolio-through-expansion-of-f-star-collaboration-including-lag-3pd-l1-bispecific-antibody-300468333.html SOURCE Merck KGaA, Darmstadt, Germany Related Links http://www.emdgroup.com 17 May, 2017, 17:01 ET Preview: Shaping Cancer Care Today and Tomorrow: Merck, KGaA, Darmstadt, Germany, to Present New Data from Rapidly Evolving Pipeline at ASCO 2017 My News Release contains wide tables. View fullscreen. Also from this source 17 May, 2017, 17:00 ET Shaping Cancer Care Today and Tomorrow: Merck, KGaA, Darmstadt,... 17 May, 2017, 17:00 ET Merck KGaA, Darmstadt, Germany, and Pfizer to Present Data... Explore More news releases in similar topics Computer Electronics Biotechnology Health Care & Hospitals Medical Pharmaceuticals Pharmaceuticals You just read: Merck KGaA, Darmstadt, Germany, Strengthens Immuno-Oncology Portfolio through Expansion of F-star Collaboration including LAG-3/PD-L1 Bispecific Antibody News provided by Merck KGaA, Darmstadt, Germany 04 Jun, 2017, 07:15 ET Share this article Looking to send a news release with PR Newswire? Take advantage of the world's leading distribution platform. Sign up to get started Request more information Have an account? Log In Phone 8AM - 10PM ET +1-888-776-0942 Send a Release Sign Up Blog For Journalists Contact Us Search Searching for your content... Advanced Search Contact PR Newswire 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Contact Us General Inquiries Request a Demo Editorial Bureaus Partnerships Media Inquiries Worldwide Offices Solutions Cision Communications Cloud™ For Marketers For Public Relations For IR & Compliance For Agency For Small Business All Products About About PR Newswire About Cision Become a Publishing Partner Become a Channel Partner Careers   Global Sites Asia Brazil Canada Czech Denmark Finland France India Israel Mexico Middle East Netherlands Norway Poland Portugal Russia Slovakia Spain Sweden United Kingdom My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Terms of Use Privacy Policy Information Security Policy Statement Site Map RSS Feeds Copyright © 2017 PR Newswire Association LLC. All Rights Reserved. A Cision company. News Solutions Resources News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News español português Česko Danmark Deutschland España France Italia Nederlands Norge Polska Portugal Россия Slovensko Sverige Suomi Phone 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Chat All contact info Send a Release Log In
Anmelden   Registrieren? Fan werden finanzen.at ATX 3 154 0,2%  Dow 21 206 0,3%  Nasdaq 5 881 1,1%  Euro 1,1266 -0,2%  ATX P 1 592 0,4%  EStoxx50 3 592 0,7%  Nikkei 20 184 0,0%  CHF 1,0863 0,0%  DAX 12 823 1,3%  FTSE100 7 548 0,1%  Öl 50,6 1,2%  Gold 1 281 0,1%  News Analysen Experten Kolumnen ATX News Börse News & Analysen myfinanzen Broker-Vergleich Ressorts Aktien Anleihen Devisen ETF Fonds Rohstoffe Zertifikate Zinsen CFDs Quellen APA Aktiencheck Businesswire Dow Jones Newswires dpa-AFX Heute im Fokus Nachrichtenarchiv 03.06.2017 20:24:00 A A Teilen Drucken Further Study of Combination of Eisai's Lenvatinib and Merck's Pembrolizumab in Previously Treated Patients with Metastatic Endometrial Cancer Supported by Interim Analysis of Ongoing Phase 1b/2 Trial Tweet WOODCLIFF LAKE, N.J., June 3, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- Eisai Inc. today announced interim results from the first evaluable cohort of Study 111, a Phase 1b/2 study investigating lenvatinib (marketed as Lenvima®), a multiple receptor tyrosine kinase inhibitor, in combination with Merck's (known as MSD outside the United States and Canada) pembrolizumab (marketed as KEYTRUDA®), an anti-PD-1 therapy, in patients with selected solid tumors. In this cohort of previously treated patients (median = 2 prior therapies) with metastatic endometrial cancer (n=23), the confirmed objective response rate (ORR) at week 24, the primary endpoint of the study, was 47.8% (95% CI: 26.8 – 69.4) based on investigator assessment and 52.2% based on independent radiologic review (IRR) (95% CI: 30.6 – 73.2), all of which were partial responses. No new safety signals were found and toxicities were managed with dose interruption, modification or discontinuation. Lenvima and KEYTRUDA are not approved for use in combination, and neither drug is approved for the treatment of endometrial cancer. These results will be presented today at the 2017 Annual Meeting of the American Society of Clinical Oncology (ASCO) in Chicago during the Gynecologic Cancer Poster Session from 1:15-4:45 p.m. CT (Abstract No. 5598). Metastatic endometrial cancer is a difficult-to-treat form of the disease as response rates for patients who have received first-line treatment are often low. Beyond chemotherapy and hormone therapy, there are no FDA-approved therapies for these patients. "We are encouraged by the results of this study in which nearly half of the patients who have received prior systemic therapy for the treatment of recurrent advanced or metastatic endometrial cancer responded to this combination therapy," said Vicky Makker, MD, gynecologic medical oncologist, Memorial Sloan Kettering Cancer Center and lead investigator. "Women whose endometrial cancer has recurred are in need of additional therapeutic options, and we look forward to learning more regarding the potential of this combination regimen for these women." Secondary endpoints include progression-free survival (PFS), disease control rate (DCR; partial response and stable disease), clinical benefit rate (CBR; partial response and durable stable disease), duration of response (DOR) and safety and tolerability. Median PFS was 9.7 months (95% CI: 4.2 – NE) based on investigator assessment and was not reached by IRR. DCR was 95.7% (95% CI: 78.1 – 99.9) based on investigator assessment and 91.3% (95% CI: 72.0 – 98.9) based on IRR. CBR was 73.9% (95% CI: 51.6 – 89.8) based on investigator assessment and 65.2% (95% CI: 42.7 – 83.6) based on IRR. Median DOR was not reached at the time of analysis (2.6 – NE). Tumor shrinkage was observed regardless of MSI (microsatellite instability) status. All patients had a treatment-emergent adverse event (TEAE) and a treatment-related TEAE. The most common TEAEs for the combination regimen were hypertension, fatigue, diarrhea, nausea, and arthralgia. Ten patients experienced serious TEAEs; the only serious TEAE experienced by more than one patient was hypertension. "Given the response rates demonstrated in this study, we are enthusiastic about continuing further research of this immuno-targeted therapy combination regimen in women previously treated for metastatic endometrial cancer," said Alton Kremer, MD, PhD, Chief Clinical Officer and Chief Medical Officer, Oncology Business Group at Eisai. "Little progress has been made in bringing forward new approaches for metastatic endometrial cancer. The interim results of the combination of these two mechanisms are encouraging and further support the potential for pembrolizumab and lenvatinib to help women with this aggressive and difficult-to-treat cancer," said Dr. Eric Rubin, vice president and therapeutic area head, oncology early stage development, Merck Research Laboratories. Lenvima (lenvatinib) is approved by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) for the treatment of patients with locally recurrent or metastatic, progressive, radioactive iodine-refractory differentiated thyroid cancer. Lenvima is also indicated in combination with everolimus for the treatment of patients with advanced renal cell carcinoma following one prior anti-angiogenic therapy. This release discusses an investigational use for FDA-approved products. Lenvima is not approved for use in combination with KEYTRUDA. This release is not intended to convey any conclusions about efficacy or safety of lenvatinib, pembrolizumab or any combination of these two agents. There is no guarantee that any investigational uses of such FDA-approved products will successfully complete clinical development or gain FDA approval. KEYTRUDA® is a registered trademark of Merck Sharp & Dohme Corp., a subsidiary of Merck & Co., Inc. Kenilworth, NJ, USA. About Study 111 Study 111 is a multicenter, open-label Phase 1b/2 basket trial of the combination of lenvatinib (20 mg/day) with pembrolizumab (200 mg intravenously every 3 weeks) in patients with selected solid tumors. The primary endpoint of the Phase 1b study was to determine the maximum tolerated dose of pembrolizumab and lenvatinib in combination. The primary endpoint of the Phase 2 study is investigator-assessed ORR based on immune-related RECIST at week 24. The secondary endpoints include progression-free survival, duration of response, disease control rate, and clinical benefit rate. Twenty three patients with previously treated metastatic endometrial cancer were evaluated in the endometrial cohort. The study is being conducted under an existing clinical trial collaboration agreement between the two companies. About Endometrial Cancer Endometrial cancer occurs in the tissues of the endometrium, which is the inner layer or inner lining of the uterus. In the United States, endometrial cancer is the most common cancer of the female reproductive system. This year approximately 61,300 new cases of endometrial cancer will occur, and an estimated 10,900 women will die from this disease. Nine percent of women have metastatic disease at diagnosis and the 5-year relative survival rate for these women is just over 16%. About Lenvima® (lenvatinib) Lenvima® (lenvatinib) is a kinase inhibitor that is indicated for: Differentiated Thyroid Cancer (DTC): single agent for patients with locally recurrent or metastatic, progressive, radioactive iodine-refractory DTC. Renal Cell Cancer (RCC): in combination with everolimus for patients with advanced RCC following one prior anti-angiogenic therapy. Lenvatinib, discovered and developed by Eisai, is a receptor tyrosine kinase (RTK) inhibitor that inhibits the kinase activities of vascular endothelial growth factor (VEGF) receptors VEGFR1-3. Lenvatinib also inhibits other RTKs that have been implicated in pathogenic angiogenesis, tumor growth, and cancer progression in addition to their normal cellular functions, including fibroblast growth factor (FGF) receptors FGFR1-4; the platelet derived growth factor receptor alpha (PDGFRα), KIT, and RET. The combination of lenvatinib and everolimus showed increased anti-angiogenic and anti-tumor activity as demonstrated by decreased human endothelial cell proliferation, tube formation, and VEGF signaling in vitro and tumor volume in mouse xenograft models of human renal cell cancer greater than each drug alone. Selected Safety Information Warnings and Precautions In DTC, hypertension was reported in 73% of patients on LENVIMA vs 16% with placebo (44% vs 4% grade ≥3). In RCC, hypertension was reported in 42% of patients on LENVIMA + everolimus vs 10% with everolimus alone (13% vs 2% grade 3). Systolic blood pressure ≥160 mmHg occurred in 29% of patients, and 21% of patients had a diastolic blood pressure ≥100 mmHg in the LENVIMA + everolimus–treated group. Blood pressure should be controlled prior to treatment and monitored throughout. Withhold dose for grade 3 hypertension despite optimal antihypertensive therapy; resume at reduced dose when controlled at grade ≤2. Discontinue for life-threatening hypertension In DTC, cardiac dysfunction was reported in 7% of patients on LENVIMA vs 2% with placebo (2% vs 0% grade ≥3). In RCC, decreased ejection fraction and cardiac failure were reported in 10% of patients on LENVIMA + everolimus vs 6% with everolimus alone (3% vs 2% grade 3). Monitor for signs/symptoms of cardiac decompensation. Withhold LENVIMA for development of grade 3 cardiac dysfunction until improvement to grade 0, 1, or baseline. Resume at reduced dose or discontinue based on severity and persistence of cardiac dysfunction. Discontinue for grade 4 cardiac dysfunction In DTC, arterial thromboembolic events were reported in 5% of patients on LENVIMA vs 2% with placebo (3% vs 1% grade ≥3). In RCC, arterial thromboembolic events were reported in 2% of patients on LENVIMA + everolimus vs 6% with everolimus alone (2% vs 4% grade ≥3). Discontinue following an arterial thrombotic event. The safety of resuming LENVIMA after an arterial thromboembolic event has not been established, and LENVIMA has not been studied in patients who have had an arterial thromboembolic event within the previous 6 months Across clinical studies in which 1,160 patients received LENVIMA monotherapy, hepatic failure (including fatal events) was reported in 3 patients and acute hepatitis in 1 patient. In DTC, ALT and AST increases (grade ≥3) occurred in 4% and 5% of patients on LENVIMA, respectively, vs 0% with placebo. In RCC, ALT and AST increases (grade ≥3) occurred in 3% of patients on LENVIMA + everolimus vs 2% and 0% with everolimus alone, respectively. Monitor liver function before initiation, then every 2 weeks for the first 2 months, and at least monthly thereafter during treatment. Withhold dose for liver impairment grade ≥3 until resolved to grade 0, 1, or baseline. Resume at reduced dose or discontinue based on severity/persistence of hepatotoxicity. Discontinue for hepatic failure In DTC, proteinuria was reported in 34% of patients on LENVIMA vs 3% with placebo (11% vs 0% grade 3). In RCC, proteinuria was reported in 31% of patients on LENVIMA + everolimus vs 14% with everolimus alone (8% vs 2% grade 3). Monitor for proteinuria before and during treatment. Withhold dose for proteinuria ≥2 g/24 h. Resume at reduced dose when proteinuria is <2 g/24 h. Discontinue for nephrotic syndrome In RCC, diarrhea was reported in 81% of patients on LENVIMA + everolimus vs 34% with everolimus alone (19% vs 2% grade ≥3). Initiate prompt medical management for the development of diarrhea. Monitor for dehydration. Withhold dose for diarrhea grade ≥3. Resume at a reduced dose when diarrhea resolves to grade 1 or baseline. Permanently discontinue LENVIMA for grade 4 diarrhea despite medical management In DTC, events of renal impairment were reported in 14% of patients on LENVIMA vs 2% with placebo (3% vs 1% grade ≥3). In RCC, events of renal impairment were reported in 18% of patients on LENVIMA + everolimus vs 12% with everolimus alone (10% vs 2% grade ≥3). Withhold LENVIMA for grade 3 or 4 renal failure/impairment. Resume at reduced dose or discontinue, depending on severity/persistence of renal impairment. Active management of diarrhea and any other gastrointestinal (GI) symptoms should be initiated for grade 1 events In DTC, events of GI perforation or fistula were reported in 2% of patients on LENVIMA vs 0.8% with placebo. In RCC, events of GI perforation, abscess, or fistula (grade ≥3) were reported in 2% of patients on LENVIMA + everolimus vs 0% with everolimus alone. Discontinue in patients who develop GI perforation or life-threatening fistula In DTC, QT/QTc interval prolongation was reported in 9% of patients on LENVIMA vs 2% with placebo (2% vs 0% >500 ms). In RCC, QTc interval increases >60 ms were reported in 11% of patients on LENVIMA + everolimus (6% >500 ms) vs 0% with everolimus alone. Monitor electrocardiograms in patients with congenital long QT syndrome, congestive heart failure, bradyarrhythmias, or patients taking drugs known to prolong the QT interval. Monitor and correct electrolyte abnormalities in all patients. Withhold dose for QTc interval prolongation >500 ms. Resume at reduced dose when QTc prolongation resolves to baseline In DTC, hypocalcemia (grade ≥3) was reported in 9% of patients on LENVIMA vs 2% with placebo. In RCC, hypocalcemia (grade ≥3) was reported in 6% of patients on LENVIMA + everolimus vs 2% with everolimus alone. Monitor blood calcium levels at least monthly and replace calcium as necessary. Interrupt and adjust LENVIMA as necessary Across clinical studies in which 1,160 patients received LENVIMA monotherapy, reversible posterior leukoencephalopathy syndrome (RPLS) was reported in 4 patients. Withhold LENVIMA for RPLS until fully resolved. Resume at reduced dose or discontinue based on the severity and persistence of neurologic symptoms Across clinical studies in which 1,160 patients received LENVIMA monotherapy, hemorrhage (grade ≥3) was reported in 2% of patients. In DTC, hemorrhagic events occurred in 35% of patients on LENVIMA vs 18% with placebo (2% vs 3% grade ≥3). There was 1 fatal intracranial hemorrhage case among 16 patients who received LENVIMA and had central nervous system metastases at baseline. The most frequently reported hemorrhagic event was epistaxis (11% grade 1, 1% grade 2). Discontinuation due to hemorrhagic events occurred in 1% of patients on LENVIMA. In RCC, hemorrhagic events occurred in 34% of patients on LENVIMA + everolimus vs 26% with everolimus alone (8% vs 2% grade ≥3). The most frequently reported hemorrhagic event was epistaxis (23% for LENVIMA + everolimus vs 24% with everolimus alone). There was 1 fatal cerebral hemorrhage case. Discontinuation due to hemorrhagic events occurred in 3% of patients on LENVIMA + everolimus. Consider the risk of severe or fatal hemorrhage associated with tumor invasion/infiltration of major blood vessels (eg, carotid artery). Withhold LENVIMA for the development of grade 3 hemorrhage until resolved to grade 0 or 1. Resume at reduced dose or discontinue based on severity/persistence of hemorrhage. Discontinue for grade 4 hemorrhage In DTC patients with normal baseline thyroid-stimulating hormone (TSH), elevation of TSH level above 0.5 mU/L was observed postbaseline in 57% of patients on LENVIMA vs 14% with placebo. In RCC, grade 1 or 2 hypothyroidism occurred in 24% of patients on LENVIMA + everolimus vs 2% with everolimus alone. In RCC patients with normal or low TSH at baseline, elevation of TSH was observed postbaseline in 60% of patients on LENVIMA + everolimus vs 3% with everolimus alone. Monitor thyroid function before initiation of and at least monthly throughout treatment. Treat hypothyroidism according to standard medical practice to maintain a euthyroid state LENVIMA can cause fetal harm when administered to a pregnant woman. Advise females of reproductive potential to use effective contraception during treatment with LENVIMA and for at least 2 weeks following completion of therapy Adverse Reactions In DTC, the most common adverse reactions (≥30%) observed in LENVIMA-treated patients vs placebo-treated patients were hypertension (73% vs 16%), fatigue (67% vs 35%), diarrhea (67% vs 17%), arthralgia/myalgia (62% vs 28%), decreased appetite (54% vs 18%), weight decrease (51% vs 15%), nausea (47% vs 25%), stomatitis (41% vs 8%), headache (38% vs 11%), vomiting (36% vs 15%), proteinuria (34% vs 3%), palmar-plantar erythrodysesthesia syndrome (32% vs 1%), abdominal pain (31% vs 11%), and dysphonia (31% vs 5%) In DTC, adverse reactions led to dose reductions in 68% of patients receiving LENVIMA and in 5% of patients receiving placebo; 18% of patients discontinued LENVIMA and 5% discontinued placebo for adverse reactions. The most common adverse reactions (≥10%) resulting in dose reductions of LENVIMA were hypertension (13%), proteinuria (11%), decreased appetite (10%), and diarrhea (10%); the most common adverse reactions (≥1%) resulting in discontinuation of LENVIMA were hypertension (1%) and asthenia (1%) In RCC, the most common adverse reactions (>30%) observed in patients treated with LENVIMA + everolimus vs everolimus alone were diarrhea (81% vs 34%), fatigue (73% vs 40%), arthralgia/myalgia (55% vs 32%), decreased appetite (53% vs 18%), vomiting (48% vs 12%), nausea (45% vs 16%), stomatitis/oral inflammation (44% vs 50%), hypertension/increased blood pressure (42% vs 10%), peripheral edema (42% vs 20%), cough (37% vs 30%), abdominal pain (37% vs 8%), dyspnea/exertional dyspnea (35% vs 28%), rash (35% vs 40%), weight decreased (34% vs 8%), hemorrhagic events (32% vs 26%), and proteinuria/urine protein present (31% vs 14%). The most common serious adverse reactions (≥5%) were renal failure (11%), dehydration (10%), anemia (6%), thrombocytopenia (5%), diarrhea (5%), vomiting (5%), and dyspnea (5%) In RCC, adverse reactions led to dose reductions or interruption in 89% of patients receiving LENVIMA + everolimus and in 54% of patients receiving everolimus alone. The most common adverse reactions (≥5%) resulting in dose reductions in the LENVIMA + everolimus–treated group were diarrhea (21%), fatigue (8%), thrombocytopenia (6%), vomiting (6%), nausea (5%), and proteinuria (5%). Treatment discontinuation due to an adverse reaction occurred in 29% of patients in the LENVIMA + everolimus–treated group and in 12% of patients in the everolimus-treated group Use in Specific Populations Because of the potential for serious adverse reactions in nursing infants, advise women to discontinue breastfeeding during treatment LENVIMA may result in reduced fertility in females of reproductive potential and may result in damage to male reproductive tissues, leading to reduced fertility of unknown duration For more information about Lenvima, click here for the full Prescribing Information. About Eisai Inc. At Eisai Inc., human health care (hhc) is our goal. We give our first thought to patients and their families, and helping to increase the benefits health care provides. As the U.S. pharmaceutical subsidiary of Tokyo-based Eisai Co., Ltd., we have a passionate commitment to patient care that is the driving force behind our efforts to discover and develop innovative therapies to help address unmet medical needs. Eisai is a fully integrated pharmaceutical business that operates in two global business groups: oncology and neurology (dementia-related diseases and neurodegenerative diseases). Each group functions as an end-to-end global business with discovery, development, and marketing capabilities. Our U.S. headquarters, commercial and clinical development organizations are located in New Jersey; our discovery labs are in Massachusetts and Pennsylvania; and our global demand chain organization resides in Maryland and North Carolina. To learn more about Eisai Inc., please visit us at www.eisai.com/US. Contacts:    Media Inquiries       Investor Inquiries Laurie Landau        Ivor Macleod Eisai Inc.                   Eisai Inc. (201) 746-2510            (201) 746-2660 To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/further-study-of-combination-of-eisais-lenvatinib-and-mercks-pembrolizumab-in-previously-treated-patients-with-metastatic-endometrial-cancer-supported-by-interim-analysis-of-ongoing-phase-1b2-trial-300468300.html SOURCE Eisai Inc. Eintrag hinzufügen Eintrag bearbeiten Erfolgreich hinzugefügt!. Zu Portfolio/Watchlist wechseln. Es ist ein Fehler aufgetreten! Kein Portfolio vorhanden. Bitte zusätzlich den Namen des neuen Portfolios angeben. Keine Watchlisten vorhanden. Bitte zusätzlich den Namen der neuen Watchlist angeben. Portfolioname: Watchlistname: Portfolio: Name: Typ: ISIN: Börse: Anzahl: Aktueller Kurs: Kurszeit: Kaufpreis: Kaufdatum: Kaufwert: EUR   Hinzufügen Speichern   Newssuche   GO   NEWS VON Multi Asset Fonds im Praxistest Hypotheken-Darlehen: Österreichischer Immobilienmarkt auf dem Weg zur Preisblase Bitcoin auf Siegeszug Wann geht die Bombe hoch? "Noch Drohpotenziale vorhanden!" Börse aktuell - Live Ticker Wall Street auf Rekordniveau US-Arbeitsmarktbericht fiel schlechter aus als erwartet. Nachrichten Nachrichten zu Aktien Alle Nachrichten Wie bewerten Sie diese Seite? schlecht sehr gut Aktien ATX DAX EuroStoxx 50 Dow Jones NASDAQ 100 EuroStoxx 50 Nikkei 225 S&P 500 Kontakt  -  Impressum - Werbung Sitemap - Datenschutz - Disclaimer - AGB Für die aufgeführten Inhalte kann keine Gewährleistung für die Vollständigkeit, Richtigkeit und Genauigkeit übernommen werden. Kursinformationen von SIX Financial Information Deutschland GmbH. Verzögerung 15 Min. (Nasdaq, NYSE: 20 Min.). © 1999-2017 finanzen.net GmbH
null
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 3 June 2017 by Maciej Heyman Further Study of Combination of Eisai’s Lenvatinib and Merck’s Pembrolizumab in Previously Treated Patients with Metastatic Endometrial Cancer Supported by Interim Analysis of Ongoing Phase 1b/2 Trial WOODCLIFF LAKE, N.J., June 3, 2017 /PRNewswire/ — Eisai Inc. today announced interim results from the first evaluable cohort of Study 111, a Phase 1b/2 study investigating lenvatinib (marketed as Lenvima®), a multiple receptor tyrosine kinase inhibitor, in combination with Merck’s (known as MSD outside the United States and Canada) pembrolizumab (marketed as KEYTRUDA®), an anti-PD-1 therapy, in patients with selected solid tumors. In this cohort of previously treated patients (median = 2 prior therapies) with metastatic endometrial cancer (n=23), the confirmed objective response rate (ORR) at week 24, the primary endpoint of the study, was 47.8% (95% CI: 26.8 – 69.4) based on investigator assessment and 52.2% based on independent radiologic review (IRR) (95% CI: 30.6 – 73.2), all of which were partial responses. No new safety signals were found and toxicities were managed with dose interruption, modification or discontinuation. Lenvima and KEYTRUDA are not approved for use in combination, and neither drug is approved for the treatment of endometrial cancer. These results will be presented today at the 2017 Annual Meeting of the American Society of Clinical Oncology (ASCO) in Chicago during the Gynecologic Cancer Poster Session from 1:15-4:45 p.m. CT (Abstract No. 5598). Metastatic endometrial cancer is a difficult-to-treat form of the disease as response rates for patients who have received first-line treatment are often low. Beyond chemotherapy and hormone therapy, there are no FDA-approved therapies for these patients. „We are encouraged by the results of this study in which nearly half of the patients who have received prior systemic therapy for the treatment of recurrent advanced or metastatic endometrial cancer responded to this combination therapy,” said Vicky Makker, MD, gynecologic medical oncologist, Memorial Sloan Kettering Cancer Center and lead investigator. „Women whose endometrial cancer has recurred are in need of additional therapeutic options, and we look forward to learning more regarding the potential of this combination regimen for these women.” Secondary endpoints include progression-free survival (PFS), disease control rate (DCR; partial response and stable disease), clinical benefit rate (CBR; partial response and durable stable disease), duration of response (DOR) and safety and tolerability. Median PFS was 9.7 months (95% CI: 4.2 – NE) based on investigator assessment and was not reached by IRR. DCR was 95.7% (95% CI: 78.1 – 99.9) based on investigator assessment and 91.3% (95% CI: 72.0 – 98.9) based on IRR. CBR was 73.9% (95% CI: 51.6 – 89.8) based on investigator assessment and 65.2% (95% CI: 42.7 – 83.6) based on IRR. Median DOR was not reached at the time of analysis (2.6 – NE). Tumor shrinkage was observed regardless of MSI (microsatellite instability) status. All patients had a treatment-emergent adverse event (TEAE) and a treatment-related TEAE. The most common TEAEs for the combination regimen were hypertension, fatigue, diarrhea, nausea, and arthralgia. Ten patients experienced serious TEAEs; the only serious TEAE experienced by more than one patient was hypertension. „Given the response rates demonstrated in this study, we are enthusiastic about continuing further research of this immuno-targeted therapy combination regimen in women previously treated for metastatic endometrial cancer,” said Alton Kremer, MD, PhD, Chief Clinical Officer and Chief Medical Officer, Oncology Business Group at Eisai. „Little progress has been made in bringing forward new approaches for metastatic endometrial cancer. The interim results of the combination of these two mechanisms are encouraging and further support the potential for pembrolizumab and lenvatinib to help women with this aggressive and difficult-to-treat cancer,” said Dr. Eric Rubin, vice president and therapeutic area head, oncology early stage development, Merck Research Laboratories. Lenvima (lenvatinib) is approved by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) for the treatment of patients with locally recurrent or metastatic, progressive, radioactive iodine-refractory differentiated thyroid cancer. Lenvima is also indicated in combination with everolimus for the treatment of patients with advanced renal cell carcinoma following one prior anti-angiogenic therapy. This release discusses an investigational use for FDA-approved products. Lenvima is not approved for use in combination with KEYTRUDA. This release is not intended to convey any conclusions about efficacy or safety of lenvatinib, pembrolizumab or any combination of these two agents. There is no guarantee that any investigational uses of such FDA-approved products will successfully complete clinical development or gain FDA approval. KEYTRUDA® is a registered trademark of Merck Sharp & Dohme Corp., a subsidiary of Merck & Co., Inc. Kenilworth, NJ, USA. About Study 111 Study 111 is a multicenter, open-label Phase 1b/2 basket trial of the combination of lenvatinib (20 mg/day) with pembrolizumab (200 mg intravenously every 3 weeks) in patients with selected solid tumors. The primary endpoint of the Phase 1b study was to determine the maximum tolerated dose of pembrolizumab and lenvatinib in combination. The primary endpoint of the Phase 2 study is investigator-assessed ORR based on immune-related RECIST at week 24. The secondary endpoints include progression-free survival, duration of response, disease control rate, and clinical benefit rate. Twenty three patients with previously treated metastatic endometrial cancer were evaluated in the endometrial cohort. The study is being conducted under an existing clinical trial collaboration agreement between the two companies. About Endometrial Cancer Endometrial cancer occurs in the tissues of the endometrium, which is the inner layer or inner lining of the uterus. In the United States, endometrial cancer is the most common cancer of the female reproductive system. This year approximately 61,300 new cases of endometrial cancer will occur, and an estimated 10,900 women will die from this disease. Nine percent of women have metastatic disease at diagnosis and the 5-year relative survival rate for these women is just over 16%. About Lenvima® (lenvatinib) Lenvima® (lenvatinib) is a kinase inhibitor that is indicated for: Differentiated Thyroid Cancer (DTC): single agent for patients with locally recurrent or metastatic, progressive, radioactive iodine-refractory DTC. Renal Cell Cancer (RCC): in combination with everolimus for patients with advanced RCC following one prior anti-angiogenic therapy. Lenvatinib, discovered and developed by Eisai, is a receptor tyrosine kinase (RTK) inhibitor that inhibits the kinase activities of vascular endothelial growth factor (VEGF) receptors VEGFR1-3. Lenvatinib also inhibits other RTKs that have been implicated in pathogenic angiogenesis, tumor growth, and cancer progression in addition to their normal cellular functions, including fibroblast growth factor (FGF) receptors FGFR1-4; the platelet derived growth factor receptor alpha (PDGFRα), KIT, and RET. The combination of lenvatinib and everolimus showed increased anti-angiogenic and anti-tumor activity as demonstrated by decreased human endothelial cell proliferation, tube formation, and VEGF signaling in vitro and tumor volume in mouse xenograft models of human renal cell cancer greater than each drug alone. Selected Safety Information Warnings and Precautions In DTC, hypertension was reported in 73% of patients on LENVIMA vs 16% with placebo (44% vs 4% grade ≥3). In RCC, hypertension was reported in 42% of patients on LENVIMA + everolimus vs 10% with everolimus alone (13% vs 2% grade 3). Systolic blood pressure ≥160 mmHg occurred in 29% of patients, and 21% of patients had a diastolic blood pressure ≥100 mmHg in the LENVIMA + everolimus–treated group. Blood pressure should be controlled prior to treatment and monitored throughout. Withhold dose for grade 3 hypertension despite optimal antihypertensive therapy; resume at reduced dose when controlled at grade ≤2. Discontinue for life-threatening hypertension In DTC, cardiac dysfunction was reported in 7% of patients on LENVIMA vs 2% with placebo (2% vs 0% grade ≥3). In RCC, decreased ejection fraction and cardiac failure were reported in 10% of patients on LENVIMA + everolimus vs 6% with everolimus alone (3% vs 2% grade 3). Monitor for signs/symptoms of cardiac decompensation. Withhold LENVIMA for development of grade 3 cardiac dysfunction until improvement to grade 0, 1, or baseline. Resume at reduced dose or discontinue based on severity and persistence of cardiac dysfunction. Discontinue for grade 4 cardiac dysfunction In DTC, arterial thromboembolic events were reported in 5% of patients on LENVIMA vs 2% with placebo (3% vs 1% grade ≥3). In RCC, arterial thromboembolic events were reported in 2% of patients on LENVIMA + everolimus vs 6% with everolimus alone (2% vs 4% grade ≥3). Discontinue following an arterial thrombotic event. The safety of resuming LENVIMA after an arterial thromboembolic event has not been established, and LENVIMA has not been studied in patients who have had an arterial thromboembolic event within the previous 6 months Across clinical studies in which 1,160 patients received LENVIMA monotherapy, hepatic failure (including fatal events) was reported in 3 patients and acute hepatitis in 1 patient. In DTC, ALT and AST increases (grade ≥3) occurred in 4% and 5% of patients on LENVIMA, respectively, vs 0% with placebo. In RCC, ALT and AST increases (grade ≥3) occurred in 3% of patients on LENVIMA + everolimus vs 2% and 0% with everolimus alone, respectively. Monitor liver function before initiation, then every 2 weeks for the first 2 months, and at least monthly thereafter during treatment. Withhold dose for liver impairment grade ≥3 until resolved to grade 0, 1, or baseline. Resume at reduced dose or discontinue based on severity/persistence of hepatotoxicity. Discontinue for hepatic failure In DTC, proteinuria was reported in 34% of patients on LENVIMA vs 3% with placebo (11% vs 0% grade 3). In RCC, proteinuria was reported in 31% of patients on LENVIMA + everolimus vs 14% with everolimus alone (8% vs 2% grade 3). Monitor for proteinuria before and during treatment. Withhold dose for proteinuria ≥2 g/24 h. Resume at reduced dose when proteinuria is <2 g/24 h. Discontinue for nephrotic syndrome In RCC, diarrhea was reported in 81% of patients on LENVIMA + everolimus vs 34% with everolimus alone (19% vs 2% grade ≥3). Initiate prompt medical management for the development of diarrhea. Monitor for dehydration. Withhold dose for diarrhea grade ≥3. Resume at a reduced dose when diarrhea resolves to grade 1 or baseline. Permanently discontinue LENVIMA for grade 4 diarrhea despite medical management In DTC, events of renal impairment were reported in 14% of patients on LENVIMA vs 2% with placebo (3% vs 1% grade ≥3). In RCC, events of renal impairment were reported in 18% of patients on LENVIMA + everolimus vs 12% with everolimus alone (10% vs 2% grade ≥3). Withhold LENVIMA for grade 3 or 4 renal failure/impairment. Resume at reduced dose or discontinue, depending on severity/persistence of renal impairment. Active management of diarrhea and any other gastrointestinal (GI) symptoms should be initiated for grade 1 events In DTC, events of GI perforation or fistula were reported in 2% of patients on LENVIMA vs 0.8% with placebo. In RCC, events of GI perforation, abscess, or fistula (grade ≥3) were reported in 2% of patients on LENVIMA + everolimus vs 0% with everolimus alone. Discontinue in patients who develop GI perforation or life-threatening fistula In DTC, QT/QTc interval prolongation was reported in 9% of patients on LENVIMA vs 2% with placebo (2% vs 0% >500 ms). In RCC, QTc interval increases >60 ms were reported in 11% of patients on LENVIMA + everolimus (6% >500 ms) vs 0% with everolimus alone. Monitor electrocardiograms in patients with congenital long QT syndrome, congestive heart failure, bradyarrhythmias, or patients taking drugs known to prolong the QT interval. Monitor and correct electrolyte abnormalities in all patients. Withhold dose for QTc interval prolongation >500 ms. Resume at reduced dose when QTc prolongation resolves to baseline In DTC, hypocalcemia (grade ≥3) was reported in 9% of patients on LENVIMA vs 2% with placebo. In RCC, hypocalcemia (grade ≥3) was reported in 6% of patients on LENVIMA + everolimus vs 2% with everolimus alone. Monitor blood calcium levels at least monthly and replace calcium as necessary. Interrupt and adjust LENVIMA as necessary Across clinical studies in which 1,160 patients received LENVIMA monotherapy, reversible posterior leukoencephalopathy syndrome (RPLS) was reported in 4 patients. Withhold LENVIMA for RPLS until fully resolved. Resume at reduced dose or discontinue based on the severity and persistence of neurologic symptoms Across clinical studies in which 1,160 patients received LENVIMA monotherapy, hemorrhage (grade ≥3) was reported in 2% of patients. In DTC, hemorrhagic events occurred in 35% of patients on LENVIMA vs 18% with placebo (2% vs 3% grade ≥3). There was 1 fatal intracranial hemorrhage case among 16 patients who received LENVIMA and had central nervous system metastases at baseline. The most frequently reported hemorrhagic event was epistaxis (11% grade 1, 1% grade 2). Discontinuation due to hemorrhagic events occurred in 1% of patients on LENVIMA. In RCC, hemorrhagic events occurred in 34% of patients on LENVIMA + everolimus vs 26% with everolimus alone (8% vs 2% grade ≥3). The most frequently reported hemorrhagic event was epistaxis (23% for LENVIMA + everolimus vs 24% with everolimus alone). There was 1 fatal cerebral hemorrhage case. Discontinuation due to hemorrhagic events occurred in 3% of patients on LENVIMA + everolimus. Consider the risk of severe or fatal hemorrhage associated with tumor invasion/infiltration of major blood vessels (eg, carotid artery). Withhold LENVIMA for the development of grade 3 hemorrhage until resolved to grade 0 or 1. Resume at reduced dose or discontinue based on severity/persistence of hemorrhage. Discontinue for grade 4 hemorrhage In DTC patients with normal baseline thyroid-stimulating hormone (TSH), elevation of TSH level above 0.5 mU/L was observed postbaseline in 57% of patients on LENVIMA vs 14% with placebo. In RCC, grade 1 or 2 hypothyroidism occurred in 24% of patients on LENVIMA + everolimus vs 2% with everolimus alone. In RCC patients with normal or low TSH at baseline, elevation of TSH was observed postbaseline in 60% of patients on LENVIMA + everolimus vs 3% with everolimus alone. Monitor thyroid function before initiation of and at least monthly throughout treatment. Treat hypothyroidism according to standard medical practice to maintain a euthyroid state LENVIMA can cause fetal harm when administered to a pregnant woman. Advise females of reproductive potential to use effective contraception during treatment with LENVIMA and for at least 2 weeks following completion of therapy Adverse Reactions In DTC, the most common adverse reactions (≥30%) observed in LENVIMA-treated patients vs placebo-treated patients were hypertension (73% vs 16%), fatigue (67% vs 35%), diarrhea (67% vs 17%), arthralgia/myalgia (62% vs 28%), decreased appetite (54% vs 18%), weight decrease (51% vs 15%), nausea (47% vs 25%), stomatitis (41% vs 8%), headache (38% vs 11%), vomiting (36% vs 15%), proteinuria (34% vs 3%), palmar-plantar erythrodysesthesia syndrome (32% vs 1%), abdominal pain (31% vs 11%), and dysphonia (31% vs 5%) In DTC, adverse reactions led to dose reductions in 68% of patients receiving LENVIMA and in 5% of patients receiving placebo; 18% of patients discontinued LENVIMA and 5% discontinued placebo for adverse reactions. The most common adverse reactions (≥10%) resulting in dose reductions of LENVIMA were hypertension (13%), proteinuria (11%), decreased appetite (10%), and diarrhea (10%); the most common adverse reactions (≥1%) resulting in discontinuation of LENVIMA were hypertension (1%) and asthenia (1%) In RCC, the most common adverse reactions (>30%) observed in patients treated with LENVIMA + everolimus vs everolimus alone were diarrhea (81% vs 34%), fatigue (73% vs 40%), arthralgia/myalgia (55% vs 32%), decreased appetite (53% vs 18%), vomiting (48% vs 12%), nausea (45% vs 16%), stomatitis/oral inflammation (44% vs 50%), hypertension/increased blood pressure (42% vs 10%), peripheral edema (42% vs 20%), cough (37% vs 30%), abdominal pain (37% vs 8%), dyspnea/exertional dyspnea (35% vs 28%), rash (35% vs 40%), weight decreased (34% vs 8%), hemorrhagic events (32% vs 26%), and proteinuria/urine protein present (31% vs 14%). The most common serious adverse reactions (≥5%) were renal failure (11%), dehydration (10%), anemia (6%), thrombocytopenia (5%), diarrhea (5%), vomiting (5%), and dyspnea (5%) In RCC, adverse reactions led to dose reductions or interruption in 89% of patients receiving LENVIMA + everolimus and in 54% of patients receiving everolimus alone. The most common adverse reactions (≥5%) resulting in dose reductions in the LENVIMA + everolimus–treated group were diarrhea (21%), fatigue (8%), thrombocytopenia (6%), vomiting (6%), nausea (5%), and proteinuria (5%). Treatment discontinuation due to an adverse reaction occurred in 29% of patients in the LENVIMA + everolimus–treated group and in 12% of patients in the everolimus-treated group Use in Specific Populations Because of the potential for serious adverse reactions in nursing infants, advise women to discontinue breastfeeding during treatment LENVIMA may result in reduced fertility in females of reproductive potential and may result in damage to male reproductive tissues, leading to reduced fertility of unknown duration For more information about Lenvima, click here for the full Prescribing Information. About Eisai Inc. At Eisai Inc., human health care (hhc) is our goal. We give our first thought to patients and their families, and helping to increase the benefits health care provides. As the U.S. pharmaceutical subsidiary of Tokyo-based Eisai Co., Ltd., we have a passionate commitment to patient care that is the driving force behind our efforts to discover and develop innovative therapies to help address unmet medical needs. Eisai is a fully integrated pharmaceutical business that operates in two global business groups: oncology and neurology (dementia-related diseases and neurodegenerative diseases). Each group functions as an end-to-end global business with discovery, development, and marketing capabilities. Our U.S. headquarters, commercial and clinical development organizations are located in New Jersey; our discovery labs are in Massachusetts and Pennsylvania; and our global demand chain organization resides in Maryland and North Carolina. To learn more about Eisai Inc., please visit us at www.eisai.com/US. Contacts:    Media Inquiries       Investor Inquiries Laurie Landau        Ivor Macleod Eisai Inc.                   Eisai Inc. (201) 746-2510            (201) 746-2660 To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/further-study-of-combination-of-eisais-lenvatinib-and-mercks-pembrolizumab-in-previously-treated-patients-with-metastatic-endometrial-cancer-supported-by-interim-analysis-of-ongoing-phase-1b2-trial-300468300.html SOURCE Eisai Inc. Related Links http://www.eisai.com/US CategoriesUncategorized TagsChildren, Surveys, Polls and Research, Trade Show News, Women Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Dollar General Celebrates Grand Opening in Janesville, Wisconsin, of its 14th Distribution Center Next PostNext Lilly Builds Upon Body of Data for Abemaciclib with Phase 3 MONARCH 2 Data Demonstrating Superior Progression-Free Survival in Advanced Breast Cancer Search Recent Posts Samsung 60th Festival of Sport Carnival cum Closing Ceremony successfully concluded If agriculture fails, so will our rural communities, FUW warns Southwest Airlines Begins Service At Cincinnati/Northern Kentucky International Airport Southwest Airlines Begins Service At Cincinnati/Northern Kentucky International Airport 创新进行时：顶尖科技潮流齐聚2017年亚洲消费电子展 Business Directory Business Contacts Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 3 June 2017 by Maciej Heyman Combination of Incytes Epacadostat plus Mercks KEYTRUDA (pembrolizumab) Demonstrates Activity in Clinical Trial of Patients with Advanced Non-Small Cell Lung Cancer (NSCLC) WILMINGTON, DE and KENILWORTH, NJ –  Incyte Corporation (Nasdaq:INCY) and Merck (NYSD:MRK), known as MSD outside the United States and Canada, today announced updated data from the advanced non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC) patient cohort of the ongoing Phase 1/2 ECHO-202 trial, evaluating epacadostat, Incyte’s selective IDO1 enzyme inhibitor, in combination with KEYTRUDA® (pembrolizumab), Merck’s anti-PD-1 therapy. Data showed an overall response rate (ORR) of 35 percent (n=14/40) among all patients with advanced squamous and non-squamous NSCLC treated with the combination of epacadostat and KEYTRUDA, irrespective of PD-L1 status. Findings will be highlighted in a poster discussion at the 2017 American Society of Clinical Oncology (ASCO) Annual Meeting in Chicago on Saturday, June 3, from 3:00 pm to 4:15 p.m. CDT (Location: Hall D2) (Abstracts #9014). “These updated data suggest that the combination of epacadostat and pembrolizumab has promise for patients with advanced NSCLC, irrespective of PD-L1 status,” said ECHO-202 study investigator Tara Gangadhar, M.D., Assistant Professor of Medicine, Perelman School of Medicine at the Hospital of the University of Pennsylvania. “The results show a clinical benefit for patients with advanced lung cancer and establish a strong basis for progressing this novel, investigational immunotherapy combination into pivotal studies for the first-line treatment of these patients.” Key Findings from the ECHO-202 NSCLC Cohort Data at ASCO (as of February 27, 2017) show an ORR of 35 percent (n=14/40) among all patients with advanced NSCLC treated with the combination of epacadostat and KEYTRUDA, with a complete response (CR) in two patients (5%) and partial response (PR) in 12 patients (30%). The data show a disease control rate (DCR) of 63 percent (n=25/40), with 71 percent (n=10/14) of responses ongoing at the time of the data cut-off (duration of response, range: 8.9 to 76.6+ weeks). Responses were observed in patients with high levels of PD-L1 expression [tumor proportion score (TPS) ≥50%], as well as in those patients with lower levels of PD-L1 expression (TPS of less than 50%). All responses were observed in the subgroup of patients with zero to two prior lines of therapy for advanced disease.    *Note:  PD-L1 status was not available for 11 of the 36 patients.  Among patients treated with KEYTRUDA (pembrolizumab) in combination with epacadostat >100 mg twice daily, the ORR was 40 percent (n=14/35).  The most common treatment-related adverse events (TRAEs) for epacadostat plus KEYTRUDA included fatigue (28%), arthralgia (17%), nausea (14%), decreased appetite (10%), pruritus (10 %), and rash (10%). Grade ≥3 TRAEs that occurred in >1 patient were limited to lipase increased (n=3), fatigue (n=2), and rash (n=2). TRAEs led to discontinuation of treatment in 5 percent of study patients. The safety profile was consistent with previously reported Phase 1 findings, as well as the Phase 1/2 safety results in other tumor cohorts and pooled safety data from this study. In general, the safety profile of the combination was also consistent with KEYTRUDA monotherapy.  About ECHO-202 (KEYNOTE-037) The ECHO-202 study (NCT02178722) is evaluating the safety and efficacy of epacadostat, Incyte’s selective IDO1 inhibitor, in combination with KEYTRUDA. Patients previously treated with anti-PD-1 or anti-CTLA-4 therapies were excluded from this trial. Enrollment is complete for the Phase 1 dose escalation (epacadostat 25, 50, 100 mg BID + KEYTRUDA 2 mg/kg IV Q3W and epacadostat 300 mg BID + KEYTRUDA 200 mg IV Q3W) and Phase 1 dose expansion (epacadostat 50, 100, and 300 mg BID + KEYTRUDA 200 mg IV Q3W) portions of the trial. For more information about ECHO-202, visit https://clinicaltrials.gov/ct2/show/NCT02178722. About ECHO The ECHO clinical trial program was established to investigate the efficacy and safety of epacadostat as a core component of combination therapy in oncology. Ongoing Phase 1 and Phase 2 studies evaluating epacadostat in combination with PD-1 and PD-L1 inhibitors collectively plan to enroll over 900 patients in a broad range of solid tumor types as well as hematological malignancies. ECHO-301 (NCT02752074), a Phase 3 randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled study investigating KEYTRUDA (pembrolizumab) in combination with epacadostat or placebo for the treatment of patients with unresectable or metastatic melanoma, is also underway. For more information about the ECHO clinical trial program, visit www.ECHOClinicalTrials.com. About Epacadostat (INCB024360)Indoleamine 2,3-dioxygenase 1 (IDO1) is a key immunosuppressive enzyme that modulates the anti-tumor immune response by promoting regulatory T cell generation and blocking effector T cell activation, thereby facilitating tumor growth by allowing cancer cells to avoid immune surveillance. Epacadostat is an investigational, highly potent and selective oral inhibitor of the IDO1 enzyme that regulates the tumor immune microenvironment, thereby restoring effective anti-tumor immune responses. In single-arm studies, the combination of epacadostat and immune checkpoint inhibitors has shown proof-of-concept in patients with unresectable or metastatic melanoma. In these studies, epacadostat combined with the CTLA-4 inhibitor ipilimumab or the PD-1 inhibitor KEYTRUDA improved response rates compared with studies of the immune checkpoint inhibitors alone. About KEYTRUDA® (pembrolizumab) Injection KEYTRUDA is an anti-PD-1 therapy that works by increasing the ability of the body’s immune system to help detect and fight tumor cells. KEYTRUDA is a humanized monoclonal antibody that blocks the interaction between PD-1 and its ligands, PD-L1 and PD-L2, thereby activating T lymphocytes which may affect both tumor cells and healthy cells. Studies of KEYTRUDA – from the largest immuno-oncology program in the industry with more than 500 trials – include a wide variety of cancers and treatment settings. The KEYTRUDA clinical program seeks to understand factors that predict a patient’s likelihood of benefitting from treatment with KEYTRUDA, including the exploration of several different biomarkers across a broad range of tumors. KEYTRUDA is administered as an intravenous infusion over 30 minutes every three weeks for the approved indications. KEYTRUDA for injection is supplied in a 100 mg single-dose vial. KEYTRUDA® (pembrolizumab) Indications and Dosing Melanoma KEYTRUDA is indicated for the treatment of patients with unresectable or metastatic melanoma at a fixed dose of 200 mg every three weeks until disease progression or unacceptable toxicity. Lung Cancer KEYTRUDA (pembrolizumab), as a single agent, is indicated for the first-line treatment of patients with metastatic non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC) whose tumors have high PD-L1 expression [tumor proportion score (TPS) ≥50%] as determined by an FDA-approved test, with no EGFR or ALK genomic tumor aberrations. KEYTRUDA, as a single agent, is also indicated for the treatment of patients with metastatic NSCLC whose tumors express PD-L1 (TPS ≥1%) as determined by an FDA-approved test, with disease progression on or after platinum-containing chemotherapy. Patients with EGFR or ALK genomic tumor aberrations should have disease progression on FDA-approved therapy for these aberrations prior to receiving KEYTRUDA. KEYTRUDA, in combination with pemetrexed and carboplatin, is indicated for the first-line treatment of patients with metastatic nonsquamous NSCLC. This indication is approved under accelerated approval based on tumor response rate and progression-free survival. Continued approval for this indication may be contingent upon verification and description of clinical benefit in the confirmatory trials. In metastatic NSCLC, KEYTRUDA is administered at a fixed dose of 200 mg every three weeks until disease progression, unacceptable toxicity, or up to 24 months in patients without disease progression. When administering KEYTRUDA in combination with chemotherapy, KEYTRUDA should be administered prior to chemotherapy when given on the same day. See also the Prescribing Information for pemetrexed and carboplatin. Head and Neck Cancer KEYTRUDA is indicated for the treatment of patients with recurrent or metastatic head and neck squamous cell carcinoma (HNSCC) with disease progression on or after platinum-containing chemotherapy. This indication is approved under accelerated approval based on tumor response rate and durability of response. Continued approval for this indication may be contingent upon verification and description of clinical benefit in the confirmatory trials. In HNSCC, KEYTRUDA is administered at a fixed dose of 200 mg every three weeks until disease progression, unacceptable toxicity, or up to 24 months in patients without disease progression. Classical Hodgkin Lymphoma KEYTRUDA is indicated for the treatment of adult and pediatric patients with refractory classical Hodgkin lymphoma (cHL), or who have relapsed after three or more prior lines of therapy. This indication is approved under accelerated approval based on tumor response rate and durability of response. Continued approval for this indication may be contingent upon verification and description of clinical benefit in the confirmatory trials. In adults with cHL, KEYTRUDA is administered at a fixed dose of 200 mg every three weeks until disease progression or unacceptable toxicity, or up to 24 months in patients without disease progression. In pediatric patients with cHL, KEYTRUDA (pembrolizumab) is administered at a dose of 2 mg/kg (up to a maximum of 200 mg) every three weeks until disease progression or unacceptable toxicity, or up to 24 months in patients without disease progression. Urothelial Carcinoma KEYTRUDA is indicated for the treatment of patients with locally advanced or metastatic urothelial carcinoma who are not eligible for cisplatin-containing chemotherapy. This indication is approved under accelerated approval based on tumor response rate and duration of response. Continued approval for this indication may be contingent upon verification and description of clinical benefit in the confirmatory trials. KEYTRUDA is also indicated for the treatment of patients with locally advanced or metastatic urothelial carcinoma who have disease progression during or following platinum-containing chemotherapy or within 12 months of neoadjuvant or adjuvant treatment with platinum-containing chemotherapy. In locally advanced or metastatic urothelial carcinoma, KEYTRUDA is administered at a fixed dose of 200 mg every three weeks until disease progression or unacceptable toxicity, or up to 24 months in patients without disease progression. Microsatellite Instability-High (MSI-H) Cancer KEYTRUDA is indicated for the treatment of adult and pediatric patients with unresectable or metastatic microsatellite instability-high (MSI-H) or mismatch repair deficient (dMMR) solid tumors that have progressed following prior treatment and who have no satisfactory alternative treatment options, or colorectal cancer that has progressed following treatment with fluoropyrimidine, oxaliplatin, and irinotecan. This indication is approved under accelerated approval based on tumor response rate and durability of response. Continued approval for this indication may be contingent upon verification and description of clinical benefit in the confirmatory trials. The safety and effectiveness of KEYTRUDA in pediatric patients with MSI-H central nervous system cancers have not been established. In adult patients with MSI-H cancer, KEYTRUDA is administered at a fixed dose of 200 mg every three weeks until disease progression, unacceptable toxicity, or up to 24 months in patients without disease progression. In pediatric patients with MSI-H cancer, KEYTRUDA is administered at a dose of 2 mg/kg (up to a maximum of 200 mg) every three weeks until disease progression or unacceptable toxicity, or up to 24 months in patients without disease progression. Selected Important Safety Information for KEYTRUDA® (pembrolizumab)   KEYTRUDA can cause immune-mediated pneumonitis, including fatal cases. Pneumonitis occurred in 94 (3.4%) of 2799 patients receiving KEYTRUDA, including Grade 1 (0.8%), 2 (1.3%), 3 (0.9%), 4 (0.3%), and 5 (0.1%) pneumonitis, and occurred more frequently in patients with a history of prior thoracic radiation (6.9%) compared to those without (2.9%). Monitor patients for signs and symptoms of pneumonitis. Evaluate suspected pneumonitis with radiographic imaging. Administer corticosteroids for Grade 2 or greater pneumonitis. Withhold KEYTRUDA for Grade 2; permanently discontinue KEYTRUDA for Grade 3 or 4 or recurrent Grade 2 pneumonitis. KEYTRUDA can cause immune-mediated colitis. Colitis occurred in 48 (1.7%) of 2799 patients receiving KEYTRUDA, including Grade 2 (0.4%), 3 (1.1%), and 4 (<0.1%) colitis. Monitor patients for signs and symptoms of colitis. Administer corticosteroids for Grade 2 or greater colitis. Withhold KEYTRUDA for Grade 2 or 3; permanently discontinue KEYTRUDA for Grade 4 colitis. KEYTRUDA can cause immune-mediated hepatitis. Hepatitis occurred in 19 (0.7%) of 2799 patients receiving KEYTRUDA, including Grade 2 (0.1%), 3 (0.4%), and 4 (<0.1%) hepatitis. Monitor patients for changes in liver function. Administer corticosteroids for Grade 2 or greater hepatitis and, based on severity of liver enzyme elevations, withhold or discontinue KEYTRUDA. KEYTRUDA can cause hypophysitis. Hypophysitis occurred in 17 (0.6%) of 2799 patients receiving KEYTRUDA, including Grade 2 (0.2%), 3 (0.3%), and 4 (<0.1%) hypophysitis. Monitor patients for signs and symptoms of hypophysitis (including hypopituitarism and adrenal insufficiency). Administer corticosteroids and hormone replacement as clinically indicated. Withhold KEYTRUDA for Grade 2; withhold or discontinue for Grade 3 or 4 hypophysitis. KEYTRUDA can cause thyroid disorders, including hyperthyroidism, hypothyroidism, and thyroiditis. Hyperthyroidism occurred in 96 (3.4%) of 2799 patients receiving KEYTRUDA, including Grade 2 (0.8%) and 3 (0.1%) hyperthyroidism. Hypothyroidism occurred in 237 (8.5%) of 2799 patients receiving KEYTRUDA, including Grade 2 (6.2%) and 3 (0.1%) hypothyroidism. Thyroiditis occurred in 16 (0.6%) of 2799 patients receiving KEYTRUDA, including Grade 2 (0.3%) thyroiditis.  Monitor patients for changes in thyroid function (at the start of treatment, periodically during treatment, and as indicated based on clinical evaluation) and for clinical signs and symptoms of thyroid disorders. Administer replacement hormones for hypothyroidism and manage hyperthyroidism with thionamides and beta-blockers as appropriate. Withhold or discontinue KEYTRUDA for Grade 3 or 4 hyperthyroidism. KEYTRUDA can cause type 1 diabetes mellitus, including diabetic ketoacidosis, which have been reported in 6 (0.2%) of 2799 patients. Monitor patients for hyperglycemia or other signs and symptoms of diabetes. Administer insulin for type 1 diabetes, and withhold KEYTRUDA and administer antihyperglycemics in patients with severe hyperglycemia. KEYTRUDA (pembrolizumab) can cause immune-mediated nephritis. Nephritis occurred in 9 (0.3%) of 2799 patients receiving KEYTRUDA, including Grade 2 (0.1%), 3 (0.1%), and 4 (<0.1%) nephritis. Monitor patients for changes in renal function. Administer corticosteroids for Grade 2 or greater nephritis. Withhold KEYTRUDA for Grade 2; permanently discontinue KEYTRUDA for Grade 3 or 4 nephritis. KEYTRUDA can cause other clinically important immune-mediated adverse reactions. These immune-mediated reactions may occur in any organ system. For suspected immune-mediated adverse reactions, ensure adequate evaluation to confirm etiology or exclude other causes. Based on the severity of the adverse reaction, withhold KEYTRUDA and administer corticosteroids. Upon improvement to Grade 1 or less, initiate corticosteroid taper and continue to taper over at least 1 month. Based on limited data from clinical studies in patients whose immune-related adverse reactions could not be controlled with corticosteroid use, administration of other systemic immunosuppressants can be considered. Resume KEYTRUDA when the adverse reaction remains at Grade 1 or less following corticosteroid taper. Permanently discontinue KEYTRUDA for any Grade 3 immune-mediated adverse reaction that recurs and for any life-threatening immune-mediated adverse reaction. The following clinically significant immune-mediated adverse reactions occurred in less than 1% (unless otherwise indicated) of 2799 patients: arthritis (1.5%), exfoliative dermatitis, bullous pemphigoid, rash (1.4%), uveitis, myositis, Guillain-Barré syndrome, myasthenia gravis, vasculitis, pancreatitis, hemolytic anemia, and partial seizures arising in a patient with inflammatory foci in brain parenchyma. In addition, myelitis and myocarditis were reported in other clinical trials, including classical Hodgkin lymphoma, and postmarketing use. Solid organ transplant rejection has been reported in postmarketing use of KEYTRUDA. Treatment with KEYTRUDA may increase the risk of rejection in solid organ transplant recipients. Consider the benefit of treatment with KEYTRUDA vs the risk of possible organ rejection in these patients. KEYTRUDA can cause severe or life-threatening infusion-related reactions, including hypersensitivity and anaphylaxis, which have been reported in 6 (0.2%) of 2799 patients. Monitor patients for signs and symptoms of infusion-related reactions, including rigors, chills, wheezing, pruritus, flushing, rash, hypotension, hypoxemia, and fever. For Grade 3 or 4 reactions, stop infusion and permanently discontinue KEYTRUDA. Immune-mediated complications, including fatal events, occurred in patients who underwent allogeneic hematopoietic stem cell transplantation (HSCT) after being treated with KEYTRUDA. Of 23 patients with cHL who proceeded to allogeneic HSCT after treatment with KEYTRUDA on any trial, 6 patients (26%) developed graft-versus-host-disease (GVHD), one of which was fatal, and 2 patients (9%) developed severe hepatic veno-occlusive disease (VOD) after reduced-intensity conditioning, one of which was fatal. Cases of fatal hyperacute GVHD after allogeneic HSCT have also been reported in patients with lymphoma who received a PD-1 receptor–blocking antibody before transplantation. These complications may occur despite intervening therapy between PD-1 blockade and allogeneic HSCT. Follow patients closely for early evidence of transplant-related complications such as hyperacute GVHD, severe (Grade 3 to 4) acute GVHD, steroid-requiring febrile syndrome, hepatic VOD, and other immune-mediated adverse reactions, and intervene promptly. Based on its mechanism of action, KEYTRUDA (pembrolizumab) can cause fetal harm when administered to a pregnant woman. If used during pregnancy, or if the patient becomes pregnant during treatment, apprise the patient of the potential hazard to a fetus. Advise females of reproductive potential to use highly effective contraception during treatment and for 4 months after the last dose of KEYTRUDA. KEYTRUDA monotherapy was discontinued due to adverse reactions in 8% of 682 patients with metastatic NSCLC. The most common adverse event resulting in permanent discontinuation of KEYTRUDA was pneumonitis (1.8%). Adverse reactions leading to interruption of KEYTRUDA occurred in 23% of patients; the most common (≥1%) were diarrhea (1%), fatigue (1.3%), pneumonia (1%), liver enzyme elevation (1.2%), decreased appetite (1.3%), and pneumonitis (1%). The most common adverse reactions (occurring in at least 20% of patients and at a higher incidence than with docetaxel) were decreased appetite (25% vs 23%), dyspnea (23% vs 20%), and nausea (20% vs 18%). When KEYTRUDA was administered in combination with carboplatin and pemetrexed (carbo/pem), KEYTRUDA was discontinued in 10% of 59 patients. The most common adverse reaction resulting in discontinuation of KEYTRUDA (≥2%) was acute kidney injury (3.4%). Adverse reactions leading to interruption of KEYTRUDA occurred in 39% of patients; the most common (≥2%) were fatigue (8%), neutrophil count decreased (8%), anemia (5%), dyspnea (3.4%), and pneumonitis (3.4%). The most common adverse reactions (≥20%) with KEYTRUDA compared to carbo/pem alone were fatigue (71% vs 50%), nausea (68% vs 56%), constipation (51% vs 37%), rash (42% vs 21%), vomiting (39% vs 27%), dyspnea (39% vs 21%), diarrhea (37% vs 23%), decreased appetite (31% vs 23%), headache (31% vs 16%), cough (24% vs 18%), dizziness (24% vs 16%), insomnia (24% vs 15%), pruritus (24% vs 4.8%), peripheral edema (22% vs 18%), dysgeusia (20% vs 11%), alopecia (20% vs 3.2%), upper respiratory tract infection (20% vs 3.2%), and arthralgia (15% vs 24%). This study was not designed to demonstrate a statistically significant difference in adverse reaction rates for KEYTRUDA as compared to carbo/pem alone for any specified adverse reaction. It is not known whether KEYTRUDA is excreted in human milk. Because many drugs are excreted in human milk, instruct women to discontinue nursing during treatment with KEYTRUDA and for 4 months after the final dose. About Incyte Incyte Corporation is a Wilmington, Delaware-based biopharmaceutical company focused on the discovery, development and commercialization of proprietary therapeutics. For additional information on Incyte, please visit the Company’s website at www.incyte.com. Follow @Incyte on Twitter at . Merck Focus on CancerMerck’s goal is to translate breakthrough science into innovative oncology medicines to help people with cancer worldwide. At Merck, helping people fight cancer is our passion and supporting accessibility to our cancer medicines is our commitment. Our focus is on pursuing research in immuno-oncology and we are accelerating every step in the journey – from lab to clinic – to potentially bring new hope to people with cancer. As part of our focus on cancer, Merck is committed to exploring the potential of immuno-oncology with one of the fastest-growing development programs in the industry. We are currently executing an expansive research program that includes more than 500 clinical trials evaluating our anti-PD-1 therapy across more than 30 tumor types. We also continue to strengthen our immuno-oncology portfolio through strategic acquisitions and are prioritizing the development of several promising immunotherapeutic candidates with the potential to improve the treatment of advanced cancers. For more information about our oncology clinical trials, visit www.merck.com/clinicaltrials. About Merck For more than a century, Merck, a leading global biopharmaceutical company known as MSD outside of the United States and Canada, has been inventing for life, bringing forward medicines and vaccines for many of the world’s most challenging diseases. Through our prescription medicines, vaccines, biologic therapies and animal health products, we work with customers and operate in more than 140 countries to deliver innovative health solutions. We also demonstrate our commitment to increasing access to health care through far-reaching policies, programs and partnerships. Today, Merck continues to be at the forefront of research to advance the prevention and treatment of diseases that threaten people and communities around the world – including cancer, cardio-metabolic diseases, emerging animal diseases, Alzheimer’s disease and infectious diseases including HIV and Ebola. For more information, visit www.merck.com and connect with us on , , Instagram, YouTube and LinkedIn. Forward-Looking Statement of Incyte Corporation Except for the historical information set forth herein, the matters set forth in this press release, including statements regarding the presentation of updated ECHO-202 data at ASCO, whether epacadostat and pembrolizumab may be an effective and safe treatment for NSCLC patients, and the planned pivotal trials of epacadostat in combination with pembrolizumab, contain predictions, estimates and other forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements are based on the Company’s current expectations and subject to risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results to differ materially, including unanticipated developments and the risks related to the efficacy or safety of the Company’s development pipeline, the results of further research and development, the high degree of risk and uncertainty associated with drug development, clinical trials and regulatory approval processes, other market or economic factors and competitive and technological advances; and other risks detailed from time to time in the Company’s reports filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission, including its Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2017. Incyte disclaims any intent or obligation to update these forward-looking statements. Forward-Looking Statement of Merck & Co., Inc., Kenilworth, N.J., USA This news release of Merck & Co., Inc., Kenilworth, N.J., USA (the “company”) includes “forward-looking statements” within the meaning of the safe harbor provisions of the U.S. Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These statements are based upon the current beliefs and expectations of the company’s management and are subject to significant risks and uncertainties. There can be no guarantees with respect to pipeline products that the products will receive the necessary regulatory approvals or that they will prove to be commercially successful. If underlying assumptions prove inaccurate or risks or uncertainties materialize, actual results may differ materially from those set forth in the forward-looking statements. Risks and uncertainties include but are not limited to, general industry conditions and competition; general economic factors, including interest rate and currency exchange rate fluctuations; the impact of pharmaceutical industry regulation and health care legislation in the United States and internationally; global trends toward health care cost containment; technological advances, new products and patents attained by competitors; challenges inherent in new product development, including obtaining regulatory approval; the company’s ability to accurately predict future market conditions; manufacturing difficulties or delays; financial instability of international economies and sovereign risk; dependence on the effectiveness of the company’s patents and other protections for innovative products; and the exposure to litigation, including patent litigation, and/or regulatory actions. The company undertakes no obligation to publicly update any forward-looking statement, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. Additional factors that could cause results to differ materially from those described in the forward-looking statements can be found in the company’s 2016 Annual Report on Form 10-K and the company’s other filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) available at the SEC’s Internet site (www.sec.gov). Please see Prescribing Information for KEYTRUDA (pembrolizumab) at http://www.merck.com/product/usa/pi_circulars/k/keytruda/keytruda_pi.pdf and Patient Information/Medication Guide for KEYTRUDA at http://www.merck.com/product/usa/pi_circulars/k/keytruda/keytruda_mg.pdf CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious WCPE FM Offers Something New at Noon, Every Day in June Next PostNext 东芝新开发的全隔离N沟道LDMOS在0.13微米模拟功率半导体中实现高HBM鲁棒性和负偏压高击穿电压 Search Recent Posts London Attacks: Statement by European Commission President Jean-Claude Juncker High Representative/Vice-President Federica Mogherini meets with Reported abduction and illegal detention of Azerbaijani national Discours de la HR/VP Federica Mogherini au Sommet de la Communau Extracts of speech given by HR/VP Federica Mogherini to the Conf Business Directory Business Contacts Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Proudly powered by WordPress
Combination of Incyte’s Epacadostat plus Merck’s KEYTRUDA® (pembrolizumab) Demonstrates Activity in Clinical Trial of Patients with Advanced Non-Small Cell Lung Cancer (NSCLC) Updated Phase 1/2 data from ECHO-202 investigating the combination of IDO1 enzyme inhibition and anti-PD-1 therapy in patients with advanced NSCLC, regardless of PD-L1 status, presented at 2017 ASCO Annual Meeting Download Full Size Small Preview Thumbnail ???pagination.previous??? ???pagination.next??? Full Size Small Preview Thumbnail Small Preview Thumbnail June 03, 2017 09:00 AM Eastern Daylight Time WILMINGTON, Del. & KENILWORTH, N.J.--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Incyte Corporation (Nasdaq:INCY) and Merck (NYSE:MRK), known as MSD outside the United States and Canada, today announced updated data from the advanced non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC) patient cohort of the ongoing Phase 1/2 ECHO-202 trial, evaluating epacadostat, Incyte’s selective IDO1 enzyme inhibitor, in combination with KEYTRUDA® (pembrolizumab), Merck’s anti-PD-1 therapy. Data showed an overall response rate (ORR) of 35 percent (n=14/40) among all patients with advanced squamous and non-squamous NSCLC treated with the combination of epacadostat and KEYTRUDA, irrespective of PD-L1 status. Findings will be highlighted in a poster discussion at the 2017 American Society of Clinical Oncology (ASCO) Annual Meeting in Chicago on Saturday, June 3, from 3:00 pm to 4:15 p.m. CDT (Location: Hall D2) (Abstracts #9014). “These updated data suggest that the combination of epacadostat and pembrolizumab has promise for patients with advanced NSCLC, irrespective of PD-L1 status,” said ECHO-202 study investigator Tara Gangadhar, M.D., Assistant Professor of Medicine, Perelman School of Medicine at the Hospital of the University of Pennsylvania. “The results show a clinical benefit for patients with advanced lung cancer and establish a strong basis for progressing this novel, investigational immunotherapy combination into pivotal studies for the first-line treatment of these patients.” Key Findings from the ECHO-202 NSCLC Cohort Data at ASCO (as of February 27, 2017) show an ORR of 35 percent (n=14/40) among all patients with advanced NSCLC treated with the combination of epacadostat and KEYTRUDA, with a complete response (CR) in two patients (5%) and partial response (PR) in 12 patients (30%). The data show a disease control rate (DCR) of 63 percent (n=25/40), with 71 percent (n=10/14) of responses ongoing at the time of the data cut-off (duration of response, range: 8.9 to 76.6+ weeks). Responses were observed in patients with high levels of PD-L1 expression [tumor proportion score (TPS) ≥50%], as well as in those patients with lower levels of PD-L1 expression (TPS of less than 50%). All responses were observed in the subgroup of patients with zero to two prior lines of therapy for advanced disease. ECHO-202 Overall Response Rates (ORR), Disease Control Rates (DCR) and Durability of Response (DoR) in Advanced NSCLC n/N (%)   All pts   0-2 prior lines of therapy for advanced disease   Total   Total   TPS ≥50%*   TPS <50%* ORR   n=14/40 (35)   n=14/36 (39)   n=3/7 (43)   n=6/18 (33)   2 CR (5) 12 PR (30)   2 CR (6) 12 PR (33)   all PR   1 CR (6) 5 PR (28) DCR n=25/40 n=23/36   n=4/7   n=10/18     (63)   (64)   (57)   (56) DoR   10/14 responses ongoing Median (range) duration of response: 26.9+ (8.9 to 76.6+) weeks   *Note: PD-L1 status was not available for 11 of the 36 patients. Among patients treated with KEYTRUDA in combination with epacadostat ≥100 mg twice daily, the ORR was 40 percent (n=14/35). The most common treatment-related adverse events (TRAEs) for epacadostat plus KEYTRUDA included fatigue (28%), arthralgia (17%), nausea (14%), decreased appetite (10%), pruritus (10 %), and rash (10%). Grade ≥3 TRAEs that occurred in >1 patient were limited to lipase increased (n=3), fatigue (n=2), and rash (n=2). TRAEs led to discontinuation of treatment in 5 percent of study patients. The safety profile was consistent with previously reported Phase 1 findings, as well as the Phase 1/2 safety results in other tumor cohorts and pooled safety data from this study. In general, the safety profile of the combination was also consistent with KEYTRUDA monotherapy. About ECHO-202 (KEYNOTE-037) The ECHO-202 study (NCT02178722) is evaluating the safety and efficacy of epacadostat, Incyte’s selective IDO1 inhibitor, in combination with KEYTRUDA. Patients previously treated with anti-PD-1 or anti-CTLA-4 therapies were excluded from this trial. Enrollment is complete for the Phase 1 dose escalation (epacadostat 25, 50, 100 mg BID + KEYTRUDA 2 mg/kg IV Q3W and epacadostat 300 mg BID + KEYTRUDA 200 mg IV Q3W) and Phase 1 dose expansion (epacadostat 50, 100, and 300 mg BID + KEYTRUDA 200 mg IV Q3W) portions of the trial. For more information about ECHO-202, visit https://clinicaltrials.gov/ct2/show/NCT02178722. About ECHO The ECHO clinical trial program was established to investigate the efficacy and safety of epacadostat as a core component of combination therapy in oncology. Ongoing Phase 1 and Phase 2 studies evaluating epacadostat in combination with PD-1 and PD-L1 inhibitors collectively plan to enroll over 900 patients in a broad range of solid tumor types as well as hematological malignancies. ECHO-301 (NCT02752074), a Phase 3 randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled study investigating KEYTRUDA (pembrolizumab) in combination with epacadostat or placebo for the treatment of patients with unresectable or metastatic melanoma, is also underway. For more information about the ECHO clinical trial program, visit www.ECHOClinicalTrials.com. About Epacadostat (INCB024360) Indoleamine 2,3-dioxygenase 1 (IDO1) is a key immunosuppressive enzyme that modulates the anti-tumor immune response by promoting regulatory T cell generation and blocking effector T cell activation, thereby facilitating tumor growth by allowing cancer cells to avoid immune surveillance. Epacadostat is an investigational, highly potent and selective oral inhibitor of the IDO1 enzyme that regulates the tumor immune microenvironment, thereby restoring effective anti-tumor immune responses. In single-arm studies, the combination of epacadostat and immune checkpoint inhibitors has shown proof-of-concept in patients with unresectable or metastatic melanoma. In these studies, epacadostat combined with the CTLA-4 inhibitor ipilimumab or the PD-1 inhibitor KEYTRUDA improved response rates compared with studies of the immune checkpoint inhibitors alone. About KEYTRUDA® (pembrolizumab) Injection KEYTRUDA is an anti-PD-1 therapy that works by increasing the ability of the body’s immune system to help detect and fight tumor cells. KEYTRUDA is a humanized monoclonal antibody that blocks the interaction between PD-1 and its ligands, PD-L1 and PD-L2, thereby activating T lymphocytes which may affect both tumor cells and healthy cells. Studies of KEYTRUDA – from the largest immuno-oncology program in the industry with more than 500 trials – include a wide variety of cancers and treatment settings. The KEYTRUDA clinical program seeks to understand factors that predict a patient’s likelihood of benefiting from treatment with KEYTRUDA, including the exploration of several different biomarkers across a broad range of tumors. KEYTRUDA is administered as an intravenous infusion over 30 minutes every three weeks for the approved indications. KEYTRUDA for injection is supplied in a 100 mg single-dose vial. KEYTRUDA® (pembrolizumab) Indications and Dosing Melanoma KEYTRUDA is indicated for the treatment of patients with unresectable or metastatic melanoma at a fixed dose of 200 mg every three weeks until disease progression or unacceptable toxicity. Lung Cancer KEYTRUDA (pembrolizumab), as a single agent, is indicated for the first-line treatment of patients with metastatic non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC) whose tumors have high PD-L1 expression [tumor proportion score (TPS) ≥50%] as determined by an FDA-approved test, with no EGFR or ALK genomic tumor aberrations. KEYTRUDA, as a single agent, is also indicated for the treatment of patients with metastatic NSCLC whose tumors express PD-L1 (TPS ≥1%) as determined by an FDA-approved test, with disease progression on or after platinum-containing chemotherapy. Patients with EGFR or ALK genomic tumor aberrations should have disease progression on FDA-approved therapy for these aberrations prior to receiving KEYTRUDA. KEYTRUDA, in combination with pemetrexed and carboplatin, is indicated for the first-line treatment of patients with metastatic nonsquamous NSCLC. This indication is approved under accelerated approval based on tumor response rate and progression-free survival. Continued approval for this indication may be contingent upon verification and description of clinical benefit in the confirmatory trials. In metastatic NSCLC, KEYTRUDA is administered at a fixed dose of 200 mg every three weeks until disease progression, unacceptable toxicity, or up to 24 months in patients without disease progression. When administering KEYTRUDA in combination with chemotherapy, KEYTRUDA should be administered prior to chemotherapy when given on the same day. See also the Prescribing Information for pemetrexed and carboplatin. Head and Neck Cancer KEYTRUDA is indicated for the treatment of patients with recurrent or metastatic head and neck squamous cell carcinoma (HNSCC) with disease progression on or after platinum-containing chemotherapy. This indication is approved under accelerated approval based on tumor response rate and durability of response. Continued approval for this indication may be contingent upon verification and description of clinical benefit in the confirmatory trials. In HNSCC, KEYTRUDA is administered at a fixed dose of 200 mg every three weeks until disease progression, unacceptable toxicity, or up to 24 months in patients without disease progression. Classical Hodgkin Lymphoma KEYTRUDA is indicated for the treatment of adult and pediatric patients with refractory classical Hodgkin lymphoma (cHL), or who have relapsed after three or more prior lines of therapy. This indication is approved under accelerated approval based on tumor response rate and durability of response. Continued approval for this indication may be contingent upon verification and description of clinical benefit in the confirmatory trials. In adults with cHL, KEYTRUDA is administered at a fixed dose of 200 mg every three weeks until disease progression or unacceptable toxicity, or up to 24 months in patients without disease progression. In pediatric patients with cHL, KEYTRUDA (pembrolizumab) is administered at a dose of 2 mg/kg (up to a maximum of 200 mg) every three weeks until disease progression or unacceptable toxicity, or up to 24 months in patients without disease progression. Urothelial Carcinoma KEYTRUDA is indicated for the treatment of patients with locally advanced or metastatic urothelial carcinoma who are not eligible for cisplatin-containing chemotherapy. This indication is approved under accelerated approval based on tumor response rate and duration of response. Continued approval for this indication may be contingent upon verification and description of clinical benefit in the confirmatory trials. KEYTRUDA is also indicated for the treatment of patients with locally advanced or metastatic urothelial carcinoma who have disease progression during or following platinum-containing chemotherapy or within 12 months of neoadjuvant or adjuvant treatment with platinum-containing chemotherapy. In locally advanced or metastatic urothelial carcinoma, KEYTRUDA is administered at a fixed dose of 200 mg every three weeks until disease progression or unacceptable toxicity, or up to 24 months in patients without disease progression. Microsatellite Instability-High (MSI-H) Cancer KEYTRUDA is indicated for the treatment of adult and pediatric patients with unresectable or metastatic microsatellite instability-high (MSI-H) or mismatch repair deficient (dMMR) solid tumors that have progressed following prior treatment and who have no satisfactory alternative treatment options, or colorectal cancer that has progressed following treatment with fluoropyrimidine, oxaliplatin, and irinotecan. This indication is approved under accelerated approval based on tumor response rate and durability of response. Continued approval for this indication may be contingent upon verification and description of clinical benefit in the confirmatory trials. The safety and effectiveness of KEYTRUDA in pediatric patients with MSI-H central nervous system cancers have not been established. In adult patients with MSI-H cancer, KEYTRUDA is administered at a fixed dose of 200 mg every three weeks until disease progression, unacceptable toxicity, or up to 24 months in patients without disease progression. In pediatric patients with MSI-H cancer, KEYTRUDA is administered at a dose of 2 mg/kg (up to a maximum of 200 mg) every three weeks until disease progression or unacceptable toxicity, or up to 24 months in patients without disease progression. Selected Important Safety Information for KEYTRUDA® (pembrolizumab) KEYTRUDA can cause immune-mediated pneumonitis, including fatal cases. Pneumonitis occurred in 94 (3.4%) of 2799 patients receiving KEYTRUDA, including Grade 1 (0.8%), 2 (1.3%), 3 (0.9%), 4 (0.3%), and 5 (0.1%) pneumonitis, and occurred more frequently in patients with a history of prior thoracic radiation (6.9%) compared to those without (2.9%). Monitor patients for signs and symptoms of pneumonitis. Evaluate suspected pneumonitis with radiographic imaging. Administer corticosteroids for Grade 2 or greater pneumonitis. Withhold KEYTRUDA for Grade 2; permanently discontinue KEYTRUDA for Grade 3 or 4 or recurrent Grade 2 pneumonitis. KEYTRUDA can cause immune-mediated colitis. Colitis occurred in 48 (1.7%) of 2799 patients receiving KEYTRUDA, including Grade 2 (0.4%), 3 (1.1%), and 4 (<0.1%) colitis. Monitor patients for signs and symptoms of colitis. Administer corticosteroids for Grade 2 or greater colitis. Withhold KEYTRUDA for Grade 2 or 3; permanently discontinue KEYTRUDA for Grade 4 colitis. KEYTRUDA can cause immune-mediated hepatitis. Hepatitis occurred in 19 (0.7%) of 2799 patients receiving KEYTRUDA, including Grade 2 (0.1%), 3 (0.4%), and 4 (<0.1%) hepatitis. Monitor patients for changes in liver function. Administer corticosteroids for Grade 2 or greater hepatitis and, based on severity of liver enzyme elevations, withhold or discontinue KEYTRUDA. KEYTRUDA can cause hypophysitis. Hypophysitis occurred in 17 (0.6%) of 2799 patients receiving KEYTRUDA, including Grade 2 (0.2%), 3 (0.3%), and 4 (<0.1%) hypophysitis. Monitor patients for signs and symptoms of hypophysitis (including hypopituitarism and adrenal insufficiency). Administer corticosteroids and hormone replacement as clinically indicated. Withhold KEYTRUDA for Grade 2; withhold or discontinue for Grade 3 or 4 hypophysitis. KEYTRUDA can cause thyroid disorders, including hyperthyroidism, hypothyroidism, and thyroiditis. Hyperthyroidism occurred in 96 (3.4%) of 2799 patients receiving KEYTRUDA, including Grade 2 (0.8%) and 3 (0.1%) hyperthyroidism. Hypothyroidism occurred in 237 (8.5%) of 2799 patients receiving KEYTRUDA, including Grade 2 (6.2%) and 3 (0.1%) hypothyroidism. Thyroiditis occurred in 16 (0.6%) of 2799 patients receiving KEYTRUDA, including Grade 2 (0.3%) thyroiditis. Monitor patients for changes in thyroid function (at the start of treatment, periodically during treatment, and as indicated based on clinical evaluation) and for clinical signs and symptoms of thyroid disorders. Administer replacement hormones for hypothyroidism and manage hyperthyroidism with thionamides and beta-blockers as appropriate. Withhold or discontinue KEYTRUDA for Grade 3 or 4 hyperthyroidism. KEYTRUDA can cause type 1 diabetes mellitus, including diabetic ketoacidosis, which have been reported in 6 (0.2%) of 2799 patients. Monitor patients for hyperglycemia or other signs and symptoms of diabetes. Administer insulin for type 1 diabetes, and withhold KEYTRUDA and administer antihyperglycemics in patients with severe hyperglycemia. KEYTRUDA (pembrolizumab) can cause immune-mediated nephritis. Nephritis occurred in 9 (0.3%) of 2799 patients receiving KEYTRUDA, including Grade 2 (0.1%), 3 (0.1%), and 4 (<0.1%) nephritis. Monitor patients for changes in renal function. Administer corticosteroids for Grade 2 or greater nephritis. Withhold KEYTRUDA for Grade 2; permanently discontinue KEYTRUDA for Grade 3 or 4 nephritis. KEYTRUDA can cause other clinically important immune-mediated adverse reactions. These immune-mediated reactions may occur in any organ system. For suspected immune-mediated adverse reactions, ensure adequate evaluation to confirm etiology or exclude other causes. Based on the severity of the adverse reaction, withhold KEYTRUDA and administer corticosteroids. Upon improvement to Grade 1 or less, initiate corticosteroid taper and continue to taper over at least 1 month. Based on limited data from clinical studies in patients whose immune-related adverse reactions could not be controlled with corticosteroid use, administration of other systemic immunosuppressants can be considered. Resume KEYTRUDA when the adverse reaction remains at Grade 1 or less following corticosteroid taper. Permanently discontinue KEYTRUDA for any Grade 3 immune-mediated adverse reaction that recurs and for any life-threatening immune-mediated adverse reaction. The following clinically significant immune-mediated adverse reactions occurred in less than 1% (unless otherwise indicated) of 2799 patients: arthritis (1.5%), exfoliative dermatitis, bullous pemphigoid, rash (1.4%), uveitis, myositis, Guillain-Barré syndrome, myasthenia gravis, vasculitis, pancreatitis, hemolytic anemia, and partial seizures arising in a patient with inflammatory foci in brain parenchyma. In addition, myelitis and myocarditis were reported in other clinical trials, including classical Hodgkin lymphoma, and postmarketing use. Solid organ transplant rejection has been reported in postmarketing use of KEYTRUDA. Treatment with KEYTRUDA may increase the risk of rejection in solid organ transplant recipients. Consider the benefit of treatment with KEYTRUDA vs the risk of possible organ rejection in these patients. KEYTRUDA can cause severe or life-threatening infusion-related reactions, including hypersensitivity and anaphylaxis, which have been reported in 6 (0.2%) of 2799 patients. Monitor patients for signs and symptoms of infusion-related reactions, including rigors, chills, wheezing, pruritus, flushing, rash, hypotension, hypoxemia, and fever. For Grade 3 or 4 reactions, stop infusion and permanently discontinue KEYTRUDA. Immune-mediated complications, including fatal events, occurred in patients who underwent allogeneic hematopoietic stem cell transplantation (HSCT) after being treated with KEYTRUDA. Of 23 patients with cHL who proceeded to allogeneic HSCT after treatment with KEYTRUDA on any trial, 6 patients (26%) developed graft-versus-host-disease (GVHD), one of which was fatal, and 2 patients (9%) developed severe hepatic veno-occlusive disease (VOD) after reduced-intensity conditioning, one of which was fatal. Cases of fatal hyperacute GVHD after allogeneic HSCT have also been reported in patients with lymphoma who received a PD-1 receptor–blocking antibody before transplantation. These complications may occur despite intervening therapy between PD-1 blockade and allogeneic HSCT. Follow patients closely for early evidence of transplant-related complications such as hyperacute GVHD, severe (Grade 3 to 4) acute GVHD, steroid-requiring febrile syndrome, hepatic VOD, and other immune-mediated adverse reactions, and intervene promptly. Based on its mechanism of action, KEYTRUDA (pembrolizumab) can cause fetal harm when administered to a pregnant woman. If used during pregnancy, or if the patient becomes pregnant during treatment, apprise the patient of the potential hazard to a fetus. Advise females of reproductive potential to use highly effective contraception during treatment and for 4 months after the last dose of KEYTRUDA. KEYTRUDA monotherapy was discontinued due to adverse reactions in 8% of 682 patients with metastatic NSCLC. The most common adverse event resulting in permanent discontinuation of KEYTRUDA was pneumonitis (1.8%). Adverse reactions leading to interruption of KEYTRUDA occurred in 23% of patients; the most common (≥1%) were diarrhea (1%), fatigue (1.3%), pneumonia (1%), liver enzyme elevation (1.2%), decreased appetite (1.3%), and pneumonitis (1%). The most common adverse reactions (occurring in at least 20% of patients and at a higher incidence than with docetaxel) were decreased appetite (25% vs 23%), dyspnea (23% vs 20%), and nausea (20% vs 18%). When KEYTRUDA was administered in combination with carboplatin and pemetrexed (carbo/pem), KEYTRUDA was discontinued in 10% of 59 patients. The most common adverse reaction resulting in discontinuation of KEYTRUDA (≥2%) was acute kidney injury (3.4%). Adverse reactions leading to interruption of KEYTRUDA occurred in 39% of patients; the most common (≥2%) were fatigue (8%), neutrophil count decreased (8%), anemia (5%), dyspnea (3.4%), and pneumonitis (3.4%). The most common adverse reactions (≥20%) with KEYTRUDA compared to carbo/pem alone were fatigue (71% vs 50%), nausea (68% vs 56%), constipation (51% vs 37%), rash (42% vs 21%), vomiting (39% vs 27%), dyspnea (39% vs 21%), diarrhea (37% vs 23%), decreased appetite (31% vs 23%), headache (31% vs 16%), cough (24% vs 18%), dizziness (24% vs 16%), insomnia (24% vs 15%), pruritus (24% vs 4.8%), peripheral edema (22% vs 18%), dysgeusia (20% vs 11%), alopecia (20% vs 3.2%), upper respiratory tract infection (20% vs 3.2%), and arthralgia (15% vs 24%). This study was not designed to demonstrate a statistically significant difference in adverse reaction rates for KEYTRUDA as compared to carbo/pem alone for any specified adverse reaction. It is not known whether KEYTRUDA is excreted in human milk. Because many drugs are excreted in human milk, instruct women to discontinue nursing during treatment with KEYTRUDA and for 4 months after the final dose. About Incyte Incyte Corporation is a Wilmington, Delaware-based biopharmaceutical company focused on the discovery, development and commercialization of proprietary therapeutics. For additional information on Incyte, please visit the Company’s website at www.incyte.com. Follow @Incyte on Twitter at https://twitter.com/Incyte. Merck Focus on Cancer Merck’s goal is to translate breakthrough science into innovative oncology medicines to help people with cancer worldwide. At Merck, helping people fight cancer is our passion and supporting accessibility to our cancer medicines is our commitment. Our focus is on pursuing research in immuno-oncology and we are accelerating every step in the journey – from lab to clinic – to potentially bring new hope to people with cancer. As part of our focus on cancer, Merck is committed to exploring the potential of immuno-oncology with one of the fastest-growing development programs in the industry. We are currently executing an expansive research program that includes more than 500 clinical trials evaluating our anti-PD-1 therapy across more than 30 tumor types. We also continue to strengthen our immuno-oncology portfolio through strategic acquisitions and are prioritizing the development of several promising immunotherapeutic candidates with the potential to improve the treatment of advanced cancers. For more information about our oncology clinical trials, visit www.merck.com/clinicaltrials. About Merck For more than a century, Merck, a leading global biopharmaceutical company known as MSD outside of the United States and Canada, has been inventing for life, bringing forward medicines and vaccines for many of the world’s most challenging diseases. Through our prescription medicines, vaccines, biologic therapies and animal health products, we work with customers and operate in more than 140 countries to deliver innovative health solutions. We also demonstrate our commitment to increasing access to health care through far-reaching policies, programs and partnerships. Today, Merck continues to be at the forefront of research to advance the prevention and treatment of diseases that threaten people and communities around the world - including cancer, cardio-metabolic diseases, emerging animal diseases, Alzheimer’s disease and infectious diseases including HIV and Ebola. For more information, visit www.merck.com and connect with us on Twitter, Facebook, Instagram, YouTube and LinkedIn. Forward-Looking Statement of Incyte Corporation Except for the historical information set forth herein, the matters set forth in this press release, including statements regarding the presentation of updated ECHO-202 data at ASCO, whether epacadostat and pembrolizumab may be an effective and safe treatment for NSCLC patients, and the planned pivotal trials of epacadostat in combination with pembrolizumab, contain predictions, estimates and other forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements are based on the Company’s current expectations and subject to risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results to differ materially, including unanticipated developments and the risks related to the efficacy or safety of the Company’s development pipeline, the results of further research and development, the high degree of risk and uncertainty associated with drug development, clinical trials and regulatory approval processes, other market or economic factors and competitive and technological advances; and other risks detailed from time to time in the Company’s reports filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission, including its Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2017. Incyte disclaims any intent or obligation to update these forward-looking statements. Forward-Looking Statement of Merck & Co., Inc., Kenilworth, N.J., USA This news release of Merck & Co., Inc., Kenilworth, N.J., USA (the “company”) includes “forward-looking statements” within the meaning of the safe harbor provisions of the U.S. Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These statements are based upon the current beliefs and expectations of the company’s management and are subject to significant risks and uncertainties. There can be no guarantees with respect to pipeline products that the products will receive the necessary regulatory approvals or that they will prove to be commercially successful. If underlying assumptions prove inaccurate or risks or uncertainties materialize, actual results may differ materially from those set forth in the forward-looking statements. Risks and uncertainties include but are not limited to, general industry conditions and competition; general economic factors, including interest rate and currency exchange rate fluctuations; the impact of pharmaceutical industry regulation and health care legislation in the United States and internationally; global trends toward health care cost containment; technological advances, new products and patents attained by competitors; challenges inherent in new product development, including obtaining regulatory approval; the company’s ability to accurately predict future market conditions; manufacturing difficulties or delays; financial instability of international economies and sovereign risk; dependence on the effectiveness of the company’s patents and other protections for innovative products; and the exposure to litigation, including patent litigation, and/or regulatory actions. The company undertakes no obligation to publicly update any forward-looking statement, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. Additional factors that could cause results to differ materially from those described in the forward-looking statements can be found in the company’s 2016 Annual Report on Form 10-K and the company’s other filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) available at the SEC’s Internet site (www.sec.gov). Please see Prescribing Information for KEYTRUDA (pembrolizumab) at http://www.merck.com/product/usa/pi_circulars/k/keytruda/keytruda_pi.pdf and Patient Information/Medication Guide for KEYTRUDA at http://www.merck.com/product/usa/pi_circulars/k/keytruda/keytruda_mg.pdf Contacts Incyte Corporation Media Catalina Loveman, +1-302-498-6171 or Investors Michael Booth, DPhil, +1-302-498-5914 or Merck & Co., Inc. Media Pamela Eisele, +1-267-305-3558 or Courtney Ronaldo, +1-908-740-6132 or Investors Teri Loxam, +1-908-740-1986 or Amy Klug, +1-908-740-1898 Release Summary Combination of Incyte’s Epacadostat plus Merck’s KEYTRUDA (pembrolizumab) Demonstrates Activity in Clinical Trial of Patients with Advanced Non-Small Cell Lung Cancer (NSCLC) #Hashtags #ASCO17 $Cashtags $INCY Social Media Profiles Incyte Corporation Contacts Incyte Corporation Media Catalina Loveman, +1-302-498-6171 or Investors Michael Booth, DPhil, +1-302-498-5914 or Merck & Co., Inc. Media Pamela Eisele, +1-267-305-3558 or Courtney Ronaldo, +1-908-740-6132 or Investors Teri Loxam, +1-908-740-1986 or Amy Klug, +1-908-740-1898 Site Navigation Home Home Submit a Press Release Services News All News News with Multimedia News by Industry News by Subject News by Language Tradeshows & Events Earnings & Conference Calls Education Overview Distribution & Media Media & Journalist Tools Sample Press Release FAQ Find Your News Online How-to Disclosure Resources About Us Overview Become a Member Contact Us Follow Us Jobs Business Wire Newsroom Business Wire Events Search Advanced News Search Advanced News Search Log In Sign Up Follow Us Twitter LinkedIn Google+ More from Business Wire Blog Apps UK/Ireland Deutschland France Hong Kong Italy Japan EON: Enhanced Online News Tradeshownews.com PYMNTS.com Business Wire Information Contact Us Privacy Statement Terms of Use © 2017 Business Wire, Inc.
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 3 June 2017 by Maciej Heyman Combination of Incyte’s Epacadostat plus Merck’s KEYTRUDA® (pembrolizumab) Demonstrates Activity in Clinical Trial of Patients with Advanced Non-Small Cell Lung Cancer (NSCLC) WILMINGTON, Del. & KENILWORTH, N.J.–(BUSINESS WIRE)–Incyte Corporation (Nasdaq:INCY) and Merck (NYSE:MRK), known as MSD outside the United States and Canada, today announced updated data from the advanced non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC) patient cohort of the ongoing Phase 1/2 ECHO-202 trial, evaluating epacadostat, Incyte’s selective IDO1 enzyme inhibitor, in combination with KEYTRUDA® (pembrolizumab), Merck’s anti-PD-1 therapy. Data showed an overall response rate (ORR) of 35 percent (n=14/40) among all patients with advanced squamous and non-squamous NSCLC treated with the combination of epacadostat and KEYTRUDA, irrespective of PD-L1 status. Findings will be highlighted in a poster discussion at the 2017 American Society of Clinical Oncology (ASCO) Annual Meeting in Chicago on Saturday, June 3, from 3:00 pm to 4:15 p.m. CDT (Location: Hall D2) (Abstracts #9014). “These updated data suggest that the combination of epacadostat and pembrolizumab has promise for patients with advanced NSCLC, irrespective of PD-L1 status,” said ECHO-202 study investigator Tara Gangadhar, M.D., Assistant Professor of Medicine, Perelman School of Medicine at the Hospital of the University of Pennsylvania. “The results show a clinical benefit for patients with advanced lung cancer and establish a strong basis for progressing this novel, investigational immunotherapy combination into pivotal studies for the first-line treatment of these patients.” Key Findings from the ECHO-202 NSCLC Cohort Data at ASCO (as of February 27, 2017) show an ORR of 35 percent (n=14/40) among all patients with advanced NSCLC treated with the combination of epacadostat and KEYTRUDA, with a complete response (CR) in two patients (5%) and partial response (PR) in 12 patients (30%). The data show a disease control rate (DCR) of 63 percent (n=25/40), with 71 percent (n=10/14) of responses ongoing at the time of the data cut-off (duration of response, range: 8.9 to 76.6+ weeks). Responses were observed in patients with high levels of PD-L1 expression [tumor proportion score (TPS) ≥50%], as well as in those patients with lower levels of PD-L1 expression (TPS of less than 50%). All responses were observed in the subgroup of patients with zero to two prior lines of therapy for advanced disease. ECHO-202 Overall Response Rates (ORR), Disease Control Rates (DCR) and Durability of Response (DoR) in Advanced NSCLC n/N (%)   All pts   0-2 prior lines of therapy for advanced disease   Total   Total   TPS ≥50%*   TPS <50%* ORR   n=14/40 (35)   n=14/36 (39)   n=3/7 (43)   n=6/18 (33)   2 CR (5) 12 PR (30)   2 CR (6) 12 PR (33)   all PR   1 CR (6) 5 PR (28) DCR n=25/40 n=23/36   n=4/7   n=10/18     (63)   (64)   (57)   (56) DoR   10/14 responses ongoing Median (range) duration of response: 26.9+ (8.9 to 76.6+) weeks   *Note: PD-L1 status was not available for 11 of the 36 patients. Among patients treated with KEYTRUDA in combination with epacadostat ≥100 mg twice daily, the ORR was 40 percent (n=14/35). The most common treatment-related adverse events (TRAEs) for epacadostat plus KEYTRUDA included fatigue (28%), arthralgia (17%), nausea (14%), decreased appetite (10%), pruritus (10 %), and rash (10%). Grade ≥3 TRAEs that occurred in >1 patient were limited to lipase increased (n=3), fatigue (n=2), and rash (n=2). TRAEs led to discontinuation of treatment in 5 percent of study patients. The safety profile was consistent with previously reported Phase 1 findings, as well as the Phase 1/2 safety results in other tumor cohorts and pooled safety data from this study. In general, the safety profile of the combination was also consistent with KEYTRUDA monotherapy. About ECHO-202 (KEYNOTE-037) The ECHO-202 study (NCT02178722) is evaluating the safety and efficacy of epacadostat, Incyte’s selective IDO1 inhibitor, in combination with KEYTRUDA. Patients previously treated with anti-PD-1 or anti-CTLA-4 therapies were excluded from this trial. Enrollment is complete for the Phase 1 dose escalation (epacadostat 25, 50, 100 mg BID + KEYTRUDA 2 mg/kg IV Q3W and epacadostat 300 mg BID + KEYTRUDA 200 mg IV Q3W) and Phase 1 dose expansion (epacadostat 50, 100, and 300 mg BID + KEYTRUDA 200 mg IV Q3W) portions of the trial. For more information about ECHO-202, visit https://clinicaltrials.gov/ct2/show/NCT02178722. About ECHO The ECHO clinical trial program was established to investigate the efficacy and safety of epacadostat as a core component of combination therapy in oncology. Ongoing Phase 1 and Phase 2 studies evaluating epacadostat in combination with PD-1 and PD-L1 inhibitors collectively plan to enroll over 900 patients in a broad range of solid tumor types as well as hematological malignancies. ECHO-301 (NCT02752074), a Phase 3 randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled study investigating KEYTRUDA (pembrolizumab) in combination with epacadostat or placebo for the treatment of patients with unresectable or metastatic melanoma, is also underway. For more information about the ECHO clinical trial program, visit www.ECHOClinicalTrials.com. About Epacadostat (INCB024360) Indoleamine 2,3-dioxygenase 1 (IDO1) is a key immunosuppressive enzyme that modulates the anti-tumor immune response by promoting regulatory T cell generation and blocking effector T cell activation, thereby facilitating tumor growth by allowing cancer cells to avoid immune surveillance. Epacadostat is an investigational, highly potent and selective oral inhibitor of the IDO1 enzyme that regulates the tumor immune microenvironment, thereby restoring effective anti-tumor immune responses. In single-arm studies, the combination of epacadostat and immune checkpoint inhibitors has shown proof-of-concept in patients with unresectable or metastatic melanoma. In these studies, epacadostat combined with the CTLA-4 inhibitor ipilimumab or the PD-1 inhibitor KEYTRUDA improved response rates compared with studies of the immune checkpoint inhibitors alone. About KEYTRUDA®(pembrolizumab) Injection KEYTRUDA is an anti-PD-1 therapy that works by increasing the ability of the body’s immune system to help detect and fight tumor cells. KEYTRUDA is a humanized monoclonal antibody that blocks the interaction between PD-1 and its ligands, PD-L1 and PD-L2, thereby activating T lymphocytes which may affect both tumor cells and healthy cells. Studies of KEYTRUDA – from the largest immuno-oncology program in the industry with more than 500 trials – include a wide variety of cancers and treatment settings. The KEYTRUDA clinical program seeks to understand factors that predict a patient’s likelihood of benefiting from treatment with KEYTRUDA, including the exploration of several different biomarkers across a broad range of tumors. KEYTRUDA is administered as an intravenous infusion over 30 minutes every three weeks for the approved indications. KEYTRUDA for injection is supplied in a 100 mg single-dose vial. KEYTRUDA®(pembrolizumab) Indications and Dosing Melanoma KEYTRUDA is indicated for the treatment of patients with unresectable or metastatic melanoma at a fixed dose of 200 mg every three weeks until disease progression or unacceptable toxicity. Lung Cancer KEYTRUDA (pembrolizumab), as a single agent, is indicated for the first-line treatment of patients with metastatic non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC) whose tumors have high PD-L1 expression [tumor proportion score (TPS) ≥50%] as determined by an FDA-approved test, with no EGFR or ALK genomic tumor aberrations. KEYTRUDA, as a single agent, is also indicated for the treatment of patients with metastatic NSCLC whose tumors express PD-L1 (TPS ≥1%) as determined by an FDA-approved test, with disease progression on or after platinum-containing chemotherapy. Patients with EGFR or ALK genomic tumor aberrations should have disease progression on FDA-approved therapy for these aberrations prior to receiving KEYTRUDA. KEYTRUDA, in combination with pemetrexed and carboplatin, is indicated for the first-line treatment of patients with metastatic nonsquamous NSCLC. This indication is approved under accelerated approval based on tumor response rate and progression-free survival. Continued approval for this indication may be contingent upon verification and description of clinical benefit in the confirmatory trials. In metastatic NSCLC, KEYTRUDA is administered at a fixed dose of 200 mg every three weeks until disease progression, unacceptable toxicity, or up to 24 months in patients without disease progression. When administering KEYTRUDA in combination with chemotherapy, KEYTRUDA should be administered prior to chemotherapy when given on the same day. See also the Prescribing Information for pemetrexed and carboplatin. Head and Neck Cancer KEYTRUDA is indicated for the treatment of patients with recurrent or metastatic head and neck squamous cell carcinoma (HNSCC) with disease progression on or after platinum-containing chemotherapy. This indication is approved under accelerated approval based on tumor response rate and durability of response. Continued approval for this indication may be contingent upon verification and description of clinical benefit in the confirmatory trials. In HNSCC, KEYTRUDA is administered at a fixed dose of 200 mg every three weeks until disease progression, unacceptable toxicity, or up to 24 months in patients without disease progression. Classical Hodgkin Lymphoma KEYTRUDA is indicated for the treatment of adult and pediatric patients with refractory classical Hodgkin lymphoma (cHL), or who have relapsed after three or more prior lines of therapy. This indication is approved under accelerated approval based on tumor response rate and durability of response. Continued approval for this indication may be contingent upon verification and description of clinical benefit in the confirmatory trials. In adults with cHL, KEYTRUDA is administered at a fixed dose of 200 mg every three weeks until disease progression or unacceptable toxicity, or up to 24 months in patients without disease progression. In pediatric patients with cHL, KEYTRUDA (pembrolizumab) is administered at a dose of 2 mg/kg (up to a maximum of 200 mg) every three weeks until disease progression or unacceptable toxicity, or up to 24 months in patients without disease progression. Urothelial Carcinoma KEYTRUDA is indicated for the treatment of patients with locally advanced or metastatic urothelial carcinoma who are not eligible for cisplatin-containing chemotherapy. This indication is approved under accelerated approval based on tumor response rate and duration of response. Continued approval for this indication may be contingent upon verification and description of clinical benefit in the confirmatory trials. KEYTRUDA is also indicated for the treatment of patients with locally advanced or metastatic urothelial carcinoma who have disease progression during or following platinum-containing chemotherapy or within 12 months of neoadjuvant or adjuvant treatment with platinum-containing chemotherapy. In locally advanced or metastatic urothelial carcinoma, KEYTRUDA is administered at a fixed dose of 200 mg every three weeks until disease progression or unacceptable toxicity, or up to 24 months in patients without disease progression. Microsatellite Instability-High (MSI-H) Cancer KEYTRUDA is indicated for the treatment of adult and pediatric patients with unresectable or metastatic microsatellite instability-high (MSI-H) or mismatch repair deficient (dMMR) solid tumors that have progressed following prior treatment and who have no satisfactory alternative treatment options, or colorectal cancer that has progressed following treatment with fluoropyrimidine, oxaliplatin, and irinotecan. This indication is approved under accelerated approval based on tumor response rate and durability of response. Continued approval for this indication may be contingent upon verification and description of clinical benefit in the confirmatory trials. The safety and effectiveness of KEYTRUDA in pediatric patients with MSI-H central nervous system cancers have not been established. In adult patients with MSI-H cancer, KEYTRUDA is administered at a fixed dose of 200 mg every three weeks until disease progression, unacceptable toxicity, or up to 24 months in patients without disease progression. In pediatric patients with MSI-H cancer, KEYTRUDA is administered at a dose of 2 mg/kg (up to a maximum of 200 mg) every three weeks until disease progression or unacceptable toxicity, or up to 24 months in patients without disease progression. Selected Important Safety Information for KEYTRUDA® (pembrolizumab) KEYTRUDA can cause immune-mediated pneumonitis, including fatal cases. Pneumonitis occurred in 94 (3.4%) of 2799 patients receiving KEYTRUDA, including Grade 1 (0.8%), 2 (1.3%), 3 (0.9%), 4 (0.3%), and 5 (0.1%) pneumonitis, and occurred more frequently in patients with a history of prior thoracic radiation (6.9%) compared to those without (2.9%). Monitor patients for signs and symptoms of pneumonitis. Evaluate suspected pneumonitis with radiographic imaging. Administer corticosteroids for Grade 2 or greater pneumonitis. Withhold KEYTRUDA for Grade 2; permanently discontinue KEYTRUDA for Grade 3 or 4 or recurrent Grade 2 pneumonitis. KEYTRUDA can cause immune-mediated colitis. Colitis occurred in 48 (1.7%) of 2799 patients receiving KEYTRUDA, including Grade 2 (0.4%), 3 (1.1%), and 4 (<0.1%) colitis. Monitor patients for signs and symptoms of colitis. Administer corticosteroids for Grade 2 or greater colitis. Withhold KEYTRUDA for Grade 2 or 3; permanently discontinue KEYTRUDA for Grade 4 colitis. KEYTRUDA can cause immune-mediated hepatitis. Hepatitis occurred in 19 (0.7%) of 2799 patients receiving KEYTRUDA, including Grade 2 (0.1%), 3 (0.4%), and 4 (<0.1%) hepatitis. Monitor patients for changes in liver function. Administer corticosteroids for Grade 2 or greater hepatitis and, based on severity of liver enzyme elevations, withhold or discontinue KEYTRUDA. KEYTRUDA can cause hypophysitis. Hypophysitis occurred in 17 (0.6%) of 2799 patients receiving KEYTRUDA, including Grade 2 (0.2%), 3 (0.3%), and 4 (<0.1%) hypophysitis. Monitor patients for signs and symptoms of hypophysitis (including hypopituitarism and adrenal insufficiency). Administer corticosteroids and hormone replacement as clinically indicated. Withhold KEYTRUDA for Grade 2; withhold or discontinue for Grade 3 or 4 hypophysitis. KEYTRUDA can cause thyroid disorders, including hyperthyroidism, hypothyroidism, and thyroiditis. Hyperthyroidism occurred in 96 (3.4%) of 2799 patients receiving KEYTRUDA, including Grade 2 (0.8%) and 3 (0.1%) hyperthyroidism. Hypothyroidism occurred in 237 (8.5%) of 2799 patients receiving KEYTRUDA, including Grade 2 (6.2%) and 3 (0.1%) hypothyroidism. Thyroiditis occurred in 16 (0.6%) of 2799 patients receiving KEYTRUDA, including Grade 2 (0.3%) thyroiditis. Monitor patients for changes in thyroid function (at the start of treatment, periodically during treatment, and as indicated based on clinical evaluation) and for clinical signs and symptoms of thyroid disorders. Administer replacement hormones for hypothyroidism and manage hyperthyroidism with thionamides and beta-blockers as appropriate. Withhold or discontinue KEYTRUDA for Grade 3 or 4 hyperthyroidism. KEYTRUDA can cause type 1 diabetes mellitus, including diabetic ketoacidosis, which have been reported in 6 (0.2%) of 2799 patients. Monitor patients for hyperglycemia or other signs and symptoms of diabetes. Administer insulin for type 1 diabetes, and withhold KEYTRUDA and administer antihyperglycemics in patients with severe hyperglycemia. KEYTRUDA (pembrolizumab) can cause immune-mediated nephritis. Nephritis occurred in 9 (0.3%) of 2799 patients receiving KEYTRUDA, including Grade 2 (0.1%), 3 (0.1%), and 4 (<0.1%) nephritis. Monitor patients for changes in renal function. Administer corticosteroids for Grade 2 or greater nephritis. Withhold KEYTRUDA for Grade 2; permanently discontinue KEYTRUDA for Grade 3 or 4 nephritis. KEYTRUDA can cause other clinically important immune-mediated adverse reactions. These immune-mediated reactions may occur in any organ system. For suspected immune-mediated adverse reactions, ensure adequate evaluation to confirm etiology or exclude other causes. Based on the severity of the adverse reaction, withhold KEYTRUDA and administer corticosteroids. Upon improvement to Grade 1 or less, initiate corticosteroid taper and continue to taper over at least 1 month. Based on limited data from clinical studies in patients whose immune-related adverse reactions could not be controlled with corticosteroid use, administration of other systemic immunosuppressants can be considered. Resume KEYTRUDA when the adverse reaction remains at Grade 1 or less following corticosteroid taper. Permanently discontinue KEYTRUDA for any Grade 3 immune-mediated adverse reaction that recurs and for any life-threatening immune-mediated adverse reaction. The following clinically significant immune-mediated adverse reactions occurred in less than 1% (unless otherwise indicated) of 2799 patients: arthritis (1.5%), exfoliative dermatitis, bullous pemphigoid, rash (1.4%), uveitis, myositis, Guillain-Barré syndrome, myasthenia gravis, vasculitis, pancreatitis, hemolytic anemia, and partial seizures arising in a patient with inflammatory foci in brain parenchyma. In addition, myelitis and myocarditis were reported in other clinical trials, including classical Hodgkin lymphoma, and postmarketing use. Solid organ transplant rejection has been reported in postmarketing use of KEYTRUDA. Treatment with KEYTRUDA may increase the risk of rejection in solid organ transplant recipients. Consider the benefit of treatment with KEYTRUDA vs the risk of possible organ rejection in these patients. KEYTRUDA can cause severe or life-threatening infusion-related reactions, including hypersensitivity and anaphylaxis, which have been reported in 6 (0.2%) of 2799 patients. Monitor patients for signs and symptoms of infusion-related reactions, including rigors, chills, wheezing, pruritus, flushing, rash, hypotension, hypoxemia, and fever. For Grade 3 or 4 reactions, stop infusion and permanently discontinue KEYTRUDA. Immune-mediated complications, including fatal events, occurred in patients who underwent allogeneic hematopoietic stem cell transplantation (HSCT) after being treated with KEYTRUDA. Of 23 patients with cHL who proceeded to allogeneic HSCT after treatment with KEYTRUDA on any trial, 6 patients (26%) developed graft-versus-host-disease (GVHD), one of which was fatal, and 2 patients (9%) developed severe hepatic veno-occlusive disease (VOD) after reduced-intensity conditioning, one of which was fatal. Cases of fatal hyperacute GVHD after allogeneic HSCT have also been reported in patients with lymphoma who received a PD-1 receptor–blocking antibody before transplantation. These complications may occur despite intervening therapy between PD-1 blockade and allogeneic HSCT. Follow patients closely for early evidence of transplant-related complications such as hyperacute GVHD, severe (Grade 3 to 4) acute GVHD, steroid-requiring febrile syndrome, hepatic VOD, and other immune-mediated adverse reactions, and intervene promptly. Based on its mechanism of action, KEYTRUDA (pembrolizumab) can cause fetal harm when administered to a pregnant woman. If used during pregnancy, or if the patient becomes pregnant during treatment, apprise the patient of the potential hazard to a fetus. Advise females of reproductive potential to use highly effective contraception during treatment and for 4 months after the last dose of KEYTRUDA. KEYTRUDA monotherapy was discontinued due to adverse reactions in 8% of 682 patients with metastatic NSCLC. The most common adverse event resulting in permanent discontinuation of KEYTRUDA was pneumonitis (1.8%). Adverse reactions leading to interruption of KEYTRUDA occurred in 23% of patients; the most common (≥1%) were diarrhea (1%), fatigue (1.3%), pneumonia (1%), liver enzyme elevation (1.2%), decreased appetite (1.3%), and pneumonitis (1%). The most common adverse reactions (occurring in at least 20% of patients and at a higher incidence than with docetaxel) were decreased appetite (25% vs 23%), dyspnea (23% vs 20%), and nausea (20% vs 18%). When KEYTRUDA was administered in combination with carboplatin and pemetrexed (carbo/pem), KEYTRUDA was discontinued in 10% of 59 patients. The most common adverse reaction resulting in discontinuation of KEYTRUDA (≥2%) was acute kidney injury (3.4%). Adverse reactions leading to interruption of KEYTRUDA occurred in 39% of patients; the most common (≥2%) were fatigue (8%), neutrophil count decreased (8%), anemia (5%), dyspnea (3.4%), and pneumonitis (3.4%). The most common adverse reactions (≥20%) with KEYTRUDA compared to carbo/pem alone were fatigue (71% vs 50%), nausea (68% vs 56%), constipation (51% vs 37%), rash (42% vs 21%), vomiting (39% vs 27%), dyspnea (39% vs 21%), diarrhea (37% vs 23%), decreased appetite (31% vs 23%), headache (31% vs 16%), cough (24% vs 18%), dizziness (24% vs 16%), insomnia (24% vs 15%), pruritus (24% vs 4.8%), peripheral edema (22% vs 18%), dysgeusia (20% vs 11%), alopecia (20% vs 3.2%), upper respiratory tract infection (20% vs 3.2%), and arthralgia (15% vs 24%). This study was not designed to demonstrate a statistically significant difference in adverse reaction rates for KEYTRUDA as compared to carbo/pem alone for any specified adverse reaction. It is not known whether KEYTRUDA is excreted in human milk. Because many drugs are excreted in human milk, instruct women to discontinue nursing during treatment with KEYTRUDA and for 4 months after the final dose. About Incyte Incyte Corporation is a Wilmington, Delaware-based biopharmaceutical company focused on the discovery, development and commercialization of proprietary therapeutics. For additional information on Incyte, please visit the Company’s website at www.incyte.com. Follow @Incyte on Twitter at https://twitter.com/Incyte. Merck Focus on Cancer Merck’s goal is to translate breakthrough science into innovative oncology medicines to help people with cancer worldwide. At Merck, helping people fight cancer is our passion and supporting accessibility to our cancer medicines is our commitment. Our focus is on pursuing research in immuno-oncology and we are accelerating every step in the journey – from lab to clinic – to potentially bring new hope to people with cancer. As part of our focus on cancer, Merck is committed to exploring the potential of immuno-oncology with one of the fastest-growing development programs in the industry. We are currently executing an expansive research program that includes more than 500 clinical trials evaluating our anti-PD-1 therapy across more than 30 tumor types. We also continue to strengthen our immuno-oncology portfolio through strategic acquisitions and are prioritizing the development of several promising immunotherapeutic candidates with the potential to improve the treatment of advanced cancers. For more information about our oncology clinical trials, visit www.merck.com/clinicaltrials. About Merck For more than a century, Merck, a leading global biopharmaceutical company known as MSD outside of the United States and Canada, has been inventing for life, bringing forward medicines and vaccines for many of the world’s most challenging diseases. Through our prescription medicines, vaccines, biologic therapies and animal health products, we work with customers and operate in more than 140 countries to deliver innovative health solutions. We also demonstrate our commitment to increasing access to health care through far-reaching policies, programs and partnerships. Today, Merck continues to be at the forefront of research to advance the prevention and treatment of diseases that threaten people and communities around the world – including cancer, cardio-metabolic diseases, emerging animal diseases, Alzheimer’s disease and infectious diseases including HIV and Ebola. For more information, visit www.merck.com and connect with us on Twitter, Facebook, Instagram, YouTube and LinkedIn. Forward-Looking Statement of Incyte Corporation Except for the historical information set forth herein, the matters set forth in this press release, including statements regarding the presentation of updated ECHO-202 data at ASCO, whether epacadostat and pembrolizumab may be an effective and safe treatment for NSCLC patients, and the planned pivotal trials of epacadostat in combination with pembrolizumab, contain predictions, estimates and other forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements are based on the Company’s current expectations and subject to risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results to differ materially, including unanticipated developments and the risks related to the efficacy or safety of the Company’s development pipeline, the results of further research and development, the high degree of risk and uncertainty associated with drug development, clinical trials and regulatory approval processes, other market or economic factors and competitive and technological advances; and other risks detailed from time to time in the Company’s reports filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission, including its Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2017. Incyte disclaims any intent or obligation to update these forward-looking statements. Forward-Looking Statement of Merck & Co., Inc., Kenilworth, N.J., USA This news release of Merck & Co., Inc., Kenilworth, N.J., USA (the “company”) includes “forward-looking statements” within the meaning of the safe harbor provisions of the U.S. Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These statements are based upon the current beliefs and expectations of the company’s management and are subject to significant risks and uncertainties. There can be no guarantees with respect to pipeline products that the products will receive the necessary regulatory approvals or that they will prove to be commercially successful. If underlying assumptions prove inaccurate or risks or uncertainties materialize, actual results may differ materially from those set forth in the forward-looking statements. Risks and uncertainties include but are not limited to, general industry conditions and competition; general economic factors, including interest rate and currency exchange rate fluctuations; the impact of pharmaceutical industry regulation and health care legislation in the United States and internationally; global trends toward health care cost containment; technological advances, new products and patents attained by competitors; challenges inherent in new product development, including obtaining regulatory approval; the company’s ability to accurately predict future market conditions; manufacturing difficulties or delays; financial instability of international economies and sovereign risk; dependence on the effectiveness of the company’s patents and other protections for innovative products; and the exposure to litigation, including patent litigation, and/or regulatory actions. The company undertakes no obligation to publicly update any forward-looking statement, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. Additional factors that could cause results to differ materially from those described in the forward-looking statements can be found in the company’s 2016 Annual Report on Form 10-K and the company’s other filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) available at the SEC’s Internet site (www.sec.gov). Please see Prescribing Information for KEYTRUDA (pembrolizumab) at http://www.merck.com/product/usa/pi_circulars/k/keytruda/keytruda_pi.pdf and Patient Information/Medication Guide for KEYTRUDA at http://www.merck.com/product/usa/pi_circulars/k/keytruda/keytruda_mg.pdf CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Improved Crab/Crustacean Trap Developed by InventHelp Client (MLB-815) Next PostNext Inventor and InventHelp Client Develops Strain-Free Bathing Aid (MIS-241) Search Recent Posts iMobie PhoneRescue Now Restores Lost Data for Android Users with Highest Success Rate, Even Directly to Phones and Tablets Drilling Begins! Zion Oil & Gas Spuds Megiddo-Jezreel #1 Well Global Industrial Cartridge Valves Market Industry 2022 Forecast Report Mining Equipment -Market Demand, Growth, Opportunities and Analysis of Top Key Player Forecast To 2022 Hydraulic Bolt Tensioner Market Industry Global Size, Share, Trend & Forecast 2017-2022 Business Directory Business Contacts Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 3 June 2017 by Maciej Heyman New Data Show Durability of Response for Merck’s KEYTRUDA® (pembrolizumab) in Advanced Microsatellite Instability-High (MSI-H) or Mismatch Repair Deficient (dMMR) Solid Tumors, Regardless of Tumor Type KENILWORTH, N.J.–(BUSINESS WIRE)–Merck (NYSE:MRK), known as MSD outside the United States and Canada, today announced the first presentation of findings from KEYNOTE-164 and KEYNOTE-158, two phase 2 studies evaluating KEYTRUDA® (pembrolizumab), the company’s anti-PD-1 therapy, in patients with advanced microsatellite instability-high (MSI-H) or mismatch repair deficient (dMMR) solid tumors. The studies showed overall response rates (ORR), regardless of histology, with ORR between 28 percent (95% CI, 17-41) and 38 percent (95% CI, 27-49) across patients with MSI-H/dMMR colorectal cancer (CRC) and other advanced MSI-H/dMMR solid tumors, respectively. These findings will be presented on Monday, June 5 at the 2017 American Society of Clinical Oncology (ASCO) Annual Meeting in Chicago (Abstract #3071). “These important data build on the research to date showing clinically meaningful responses with pembrolizumab (KEYTRUDA) monotherapy across a wide range of tumors with MSI-H or dMMR status in patients whose disease is locally advanced or metastatic,” said Dr. Luis A. Diaz, Jr., head of the division of solid tumor oncology, Memorial Sloan Kettering Cancer Center. “Moreover, these data confirm the initial findings we made demonstrating the value of MSI-H or dMMR tumor status as a predictive biomarker for KEYTRUDA for these difficult-to-treat cancers.” “These data exemplify our commitment to advancing the use of biomarkers to help identify patients most likely to benefit from KEYTRUDA,” said Dr. Roger Dansey, senior vice president and therapeutic area head, oncology late-stage development, Merck Research Laboratories. The KEYTRUDA (pembrolizumab) clinical development program includes more than 30 tumor types in more than 500 clinical trials, including more than 300 trials that combine KEYTRUDA with other cancer treatments. Merck’s immuno-oncology clinical development program includes multiple registration-enabling studies investigating KEYTRUDA as a monotherapy in MSI-H and dMMR cancers. Key Findings from KEYNOTE-164 and KEYNOTE-158 Studies KEYNOTE-164 and KEYNOTE-158 are ongoing global, open-label, non-randomized, multi-cohort, multi-center phase 2 studies evaluating KEYTRUDA (200 mg every three weeks) in patients with advanced MSI-H or dMMR solid tumors. KEYNOTE-164 is enrolling patients with previously treated, unresectable locally advanced or metastatic MSI-H or dMMR CRC who received two or more prior therapies that included fluoropyrimidine, irinotecan, and oxaliplatin. KEYNOTE-158 is enrolling patients with any advanced MSI-H solid tumor, with the exception of CRC, who had received one or more prior therapies. MSI-H or dMMR tumor status is determined using local laboratory-developed, polymerase chain reaction (PCR) tests for MSI-H status or immunohistochemistry (IHC) tests for dMMR. Tumor response is assessed every nine weeks per Response Evaluation Criteria in Solid Tumors (RECIST) v1.1 by independent, central, blinded radiographic review. The primary endpoint of the studies is ORR; secondary endpoints include duration of response, progression-free survival (PFS), overall survival (OS) and safety. Of the 61 patients with advanced CRC who were enrolled in KEYNOTE-164 (as of Feb. 10, 2017), the ORR was 28 percent (n=17/61) (95% CI, 17-41) – with zero complete responses and 17 partial responses; fourteen had stable disease and 28 had progressive disease – for an overall disease control rate of 51 percent (n=31/61) (95% CI, 38-64). Median time to response was four months (range: 2-10). Of the 77 patients with any advanced solid tumor, excluding CRC and with ≥27 weeks of follow-up, who were enrolled in KEYNOTE-158 (as of Jan. 27, 2017), the ORR was 38 percent (n=29/77) (95% CI, 27-49) – with two complete responses and 27 partial responses; sixteen had stable disease and 24 had progressive disease – for an overall disease control rate of 58 percent (n=45/77) (95% CI, 47-70). Median time to response was 2 months (range: 1-4). For the PFS analysis, in patients with CRC the estimated 6-month rate was 43 percent and the 12-month rate was 34 percent – with a median PFS of 2.3 months (95% CI, 2.1-8.1); in patients with any advanced solid tumor, excluding CRC, the estimated 6-month rate was 45 percent – with a median PFS of 4.3 months (95% CI, 3.1-not reached). For the OS analysis, in patients with CRC the estimated 6-month rate was 87 percent and the 12-month rate was 72 percent – with a median OS not yet reached; in patients with any advanced solid tumor, excluding CRC, the estimated 6-month rate was 73 percent – with a median OS not yet reached (95% CI, 9.2-not reached). Median follow-up was 13.2 months (range: 0-17) and 6.1 months (range: 1-12), respectively. At the time of analysis, median duration of response had not been reached in either study (range: 2.9+-12.5+ and range: 2.4+-9.2+, respectively). The safety profile of KEYTRUDA (pembrolizumab) was consistent with that observed in previously reported studies. In patients with CRC, the treatment-related adverse events observed to date (any grade occurring in 10% or more of patients) were arthralgia (n=10), nausea (n=9), diarrhea (n=8), asthenia (n=7), pruritus (n=7) and fatigue (n=6); these included Grade 3-4 treatment-related fatigue (n=2) and asthenia (n=1). Immune-mediated adverse events of Grade 3-4 were pancreatitis (n=3), hepatitis (n=1) and severe skin toxicity (n=1). There were no treatment-related deaths. In patients with any advanced solid tumor, excluding CRC, the treatment-related adverse events observed to date (any grade occurring in 10% or more of patients) were fatigue (n=8), pruritus (n=7), asthenia (n=7), diarrhea (n=7), nausea (n=6) and arthralgia (n=2); these include Grade 3-4 asthenia (n=1) and diarrhea (n=1). Immune-mediated adverse events of Grade 3-4 toxicity were severe skin toxicity (n=2), hyperthyroidism (n=1), pneumonitis (n=1), fulminant type 1 diabetes mellitus (n=1) and Guillain-Barre Syndrome (n=1). There was one death attributed to treatment-related pneumonia by investigator. About Microsatellite Instability and DNA Mismatch Repair Microsatellites are short repetitive sequences of DNA found throughout the genome. Microsatellite instability – or MSI – is caused by a deficiency in the cell’s ability to repair errors in the DNA sequence (DNA mismatch repair) that occur during cell division, leading to a characteristic change in microsatellite repeats. MSI is detected indirectly by demonstrating absence of expression of mismatch repair proteins by IHC, or more directly by PCR-based amplification of specific microsatellite repeats. MSI-H (microsatellite instability-high) is already an established biomarker in certain types of cancer. Patients determined to have mismatch repair deficiency (dMMR) are biologically the same population as those with MSI-H status. MSI-H/dMMR occurs in a variety of cancers across all stages. About KEYTRUDA®(pembrolizumab) Injection KEYTRUDA is an anti-PD-1 therapy that works by increasing the ability of the body’s immune system to help detect and fight tumor cells. KEYTRUDA is a humanized monoclonal antibody that blocks the interaction between PD-1 and its ligands, PD-L1 and PD-L2, thereby activating T lymphocytes which may affect both tumor cells and healthy cells. Studies of KEYTRUDA – from the largest immuno-oncology program in the industry with more than 500 trials – include a wide variety of cancers and treatment settings. The KEYTRUDA clinical program seeks to understand factors that predict a patient’s likelihood of benefiting from treatment with KEYTRUDA, including the exploration of several different biomarkers across a broad range of tumors. KEYTRUDA is administered as an intravenous infusion over 30 minutes every three weeks for the approved indications. KEYTRUDA for injection is supplied in a 100 mg single-dose vial. KEYTRUDA (pembrolizumab) Indications and Dosing Melanoma KEYTRUDA is indicated for the treatment of patients with unresectable or metastatic melanoma at a fixed dose of 200 mg every three weeks until disease progression or unacceptable toxicity. Lung Cancer KEYTRUDA, as a single agent, is indicated for the first-line treatment of patients with metastatic non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC) whose tumors have high PD-L1 expression [tumor proportion score (TPS) ≥50%] as determined by an FDA-approved test, with no EGFR or ALK genomic tumor aberrations. KEYTRUDA, as a single agent, is also indicated for the treatment of patients with metastatic NSCLC whose tumors express PD-L1 (TPS ≥1%) as determined by an FDA-approved test, with disease progression on or after platinum-containing chemotherapy. Patients with EGFR or ALK genomic tumor aberrations should have disease progression on FDA-approved therapy for these aberrations prior to receiving KEYTRUDA. KEYTRUDA (pembrolizumab), in combination with pemetrexed and carboplatin, is indicated for the first-line treatment of patients with metastatic nonsquamous NSCLC. This indication is approved under accelerated approval based on tumor response rate and progression-free survival. Continued approval for this indication may be contingent upon verification and description of clinical benefit in the confirmatory trials. In metastatic NSCLC, KEYTRUDA is administered at a fixed dose of 200 mg every three weeks until disease progression, unacceptable toxicity, or up to 24 months in patients without disease progression. When administering KEYTRUDA in combination with chemotherapy, KEYTRUDA should be administered prior to chemotherapy when given on the same day. See also the Prescribing Information for pemetrexed and carboplatin. Head and Neck Cancer KEYTRUDA is indicated for the treatment of patients with recurrent or metastatic head and neck squamous cell carcinoma (HNSCC) with disease progression on or after platinum-containing chemotherapy. This indication is approved under accelerated approval based on tumor response rate and durability of response. Continued approval for this indication may be contingent upon verification and description of clinical benefit in the confirmatory trials. In HNSCC, KEYTRUDA is administered at a fixed dose of 200 mg every three weeks until disease progression, unacceptable toxicity, or up to 24 months in patients without disease progression. Classical Hodgkin Lymphoma KEYTRUDA is indicated for the treatment of adult and pediatric patients with refractory classical Hodgkin lymphoma (cHL), or who have relapsed after three or more prior lines of therapy. This indication is approved under accelerated approval based on tumor response rate and durability of response. Continued approval for this indication may be contingent upon verification and description of clinical benefit in the confirmatory trials. In adults with cHL, KEYTRUDA is administered at a fixed dose of 200 mg every three weeks until disease progression or unacceptable toxicity, or up to 24 months in patients without disease progression. In pediatric patients with cHL, KEYTRUDA is administered at a dose of 2 mg/kg (up to a maximum of 200 mg) every three weeks until disease progression or unacceptable toxicity, or up to 24 months in patients without disease progression. Urothelial Carcinoma KEYTRUDA (pembrolizumab) is indicated for the treatment of patients with locally advanced or metastatic urothelial carcinoma who are not eligible for cisplatin-containing chemotherapy. This indication is approved under accelerated approval based on tumor response rate and duration of response. Continued approval for this indication may be contingent upon verification and description of clinical benefit in the confirmatory trials. KEYTRUDA is also indicated for the treatment of patients with locally advanced or metastatic urothelial carcinoma who have disease progression during or following platinum-containing chemotherapy or within 12 months of neoadjuvant or adjuvant treatment with platinum-containing chemotherapy. In locally advanced or metastatic urothelial carcinoma, KEYTRUDA is administered at a fixed dose of 200 mg every three weeks until disease progression or unacceptable toxicity, or up to 24 months in patients without disease progression. Microsatellite Instability-High (MSI-H) Cancer KEYTRUDA is indicated for the treatment of adult and pediatric patients with unresectable or metastatic microsatellite instability-high (MSI-H) or mismatch repair deficient (dMMR) solid tumors that have progressed following prior treatment and who have no satisfactory alternative treatment options, or colorectal cancer that has progressed following treatment with fluoropyrimidine, oxaliplatin, and irinotecan. This indication is approved under accelerated approval based on tumor response rate and durability of response. Continued approval for this indication may be contingent upon verification and description of clinical benefit in the confirmatory trials. The safety and effectiveness of KEYTRUDA in pediatric patients with MSI-H central nervous system cancers have not been established. In adult patients with MSI-H cancer, KEYTRUDA is administered at a fixed dose of 200 mg every three weeks until disease progression, unacceptable toxicity, or up to 24 months in patients without disease progression. In pediatric patients with MSI-H cancer, KEYTRUDA is administered at a dose of 2 mg/kg (up to a maximum of 200 mg) every three weeks until disease progression or unacceptable toxicity, or up to 24 months in patients without disease progression. Selected Important Safety Information for KEYTRUDA® (pembrolizumab) KEYTRUDA can cause immune-mediated pneumonitis, including fatal cases. Pneumonitis occurred in 94 (3.4%) of 2799 patients receiving KEYTRUDA, including Grade 1 (0.8%), 2 (1.3%), 3 (0.9%), 4 (0.3%), and 5 (0.1%) pneumonitis, and occurred more frequently in patients with a history of prior thoracic radiation (6.9%) compared to those without (2.9%). Monitor patients for signs and symptoms of pneumonitis. Evaluate suspected pneumonitis with radiographic imaging. Administer corticosteroids for Grade 2 or greater pneumonitis. Withhold KEYTRUDA (pembrolizumab) for Grade 2; permanently discontinue KEYTRUDA for Grade 3 or 4 or recurrent Grade 2 pneumonitis. KEYTRUDA can cause immune-mediated colitis. Colitis occurred in 48 (1.7%) of 2799 patients receiving KEYTRUDA, including Grade 2 (0.4%), 3 (1.1%), and 4 (<0.1%) colitis. Monitor patients for signs and symptoms of colitis. Administer corticosteroids for Grade 2 or greater colitis. Withhold KEYTRUDA for Grade 2 or 3; permanently discontinue KEYTRUDA for Grade 4 colitis. KEYTRUDA can cause immune-mediated hepatitis. Hepatitis occurred in 19 (0.7%) of 2799 patients receiving KEYTRUDA, including Grade 2 (0.1%), 3 (0.4%), and 4 (<0.1%) hepatitis. Monitor patients for changes in liver function. Administer corticosteroids for Grade 2 or greater hepatitis and, based on severity of liver enzyme elevations, withhold or discontinue KEYTRUDA. KEYTRUDA can cause hypophysitis. Hypophysitis occurred in 17 (0.6%) of 2799 patients receiving KEYTRUDA, including Grade 2 (0.2%), 3 (0.3%), and 4 (<0.1%) hypophysitis. Monitor patients for signs and symptoms of hypophysitis (including hypopituitarism and adrenal insufficiency). Administer corticosteroids and hormone replacement as clinically indicated. Withhold KEYTRUDA for Grade 2; withhold or discontinue for Grade 3 or 4 hypophysitis. KEYTRUDA can cause thyroid disorders, including hyperthyroidism, hypothyroidism, and thyroiditis. Hyperthyroidism occurred in 96 (3.4%) of 2799 patients receiving KEYTRUDA, including Grade 2 (0.8%) and 3 (0.1%) hyperthyroidism. Hypothyroidism occurred in 237 (8.5%) of 2799 patients receiving KEYTRUDA, including Grade 2 (6.2%) and 3 (0.1%) hypothyroidism. Thyroiditis occurred in 16 (0.6%) of 2799 patients receiving KEYTRUDA, including Grade 2 (0.3%) thyroiditis. Monitor patients for changes in thyroid function (at the start of treatment, periodically during treatment, and as indicated based on clinical evaluation) and for clinical signs and symptoms of thyroid disorders. Administer replacement hormones for hypothyroidism and manage hyperthyroidism with thionamides and beta-blockers as appropriate. Withhold or discontinue KEYTRUDA for Grade 3 or 4 hyperthyroidism. KEYTRUDA (pembrolizumab) can cause type 1 diabetes mellitus, including diabetic ketoacidosis, which have been reported in 6 (0.2%) of 2799 patients. Monitor patients for hyperglycemia or other signs and symptoms of diabetes. Administer insulin for type 1 diabetes, and withhold KEYTRUDA and administer antihyperglycemics in patients with severe hyperglycemia. KEYTRUDA can cause immune-mediated nephritis. Nephritis occurred in 9 (0.3%) of 2799 patients receiving KEYTRUDA, including Grade 2 (0.1%), 3 (0.1%), and 4 (<0.1%) nephritis. Monitor patients for changes in renal function. Administer corticosteroids for Grade 2 or greater nephritis. Withhold KEYTRUDA for Grade 2; permanently discontinue KEYTRUDA for Grade 3 or 4 nephritis. KEYTRUDA can cause other clinically important immune-mediated adverse reactions. These immune-mediated reactions may occur in any organ system. For suspected immune-mediated adverse reactions, ensure adequate evaluation to confirm etiology or exclude other causes. Based on the severity of the adverse reaction, withhold KEYTRUDA and administer corticosteroids. Upon improvement to Grade 1 or less, initiate corticosteroid taper and continue to taper over at least 1 month. Based on limited data from clinical studies in patients whose immune-related adverse reactions could not be controlled with corticosteroid use, administration of other systemic immunosuppressants can be considered. Resume KEYTRUDA when the adverse reaction remains at Grade 1 or less following corticosteroid taper. Permanently discontinue KEYTRUDA for any Grade 3 immune-mediated adverse reaction that recurs and for any life-threatening immune-mediated adverse reaction. The following clinically significant immune-mediated adverse reactions occurred in less than 1% (unless otherwise indicated) of 2799 patients: arthritis (1.5%), exfoliative dermatitis, bullous pemphigoid, rash (1.4%), uveitis, myositis, Guillain-Barré syndrome, myasthenia gravis, vasculitis, pancreatitis, hemolytic anemia, and partial seizures arising in a patient with inflammatory foci in brain parenchyma. In addition, myelitis and myocarditis were reported in other clinical trials, including classical Hodgkin lymphoma, and postmarketing use. Solid organ transplant rejection has been reported in postmarketing use of KEYTRUDA. Treatment with KEYTRUDA may increase the risk of rejection in solid organ transplant recipients. Consider the benefit of treatment with KEYTRUDA vs the risk of possible organ rejection in these patients. KEYTRUDA can cause severe or life-threatening infusion-related reactions, including hypersensitivity and anaphylaxis, which have been reported in 6 (0.2%) of 2799 patients. Monitor patients for signs and symptoms of infusion-related reactions, including rigors, chills, wheezing, pruritus, flushing, rash, hypotension, hypoxemia, and fever. For Grade 3 or 4 reactions, stop infusion and permanently discontinue KEYTRUDA (pembrolizumab). Immune-mediated complications, including fatal events, occurred in patients who underwent allogeneic hematopoietic stem cell transplantation (HSCT) after being treated with KEYTRUDA. Of 23 patients with cHL who proceeded to allogeneic HSCT after treatment with KEYTRUDA on any trial, 6 patients (26%) developed graft-versus-host-disease (GVHD), one of which was fatal, and 2 patients (9%) developed severe hepatic veno-occlusive disease (VOD) after reduced-intensity conditioning, one of which was fatal. Cases of fatal hyperacute GVHD after allogeneic HSCT have also been reported in patients with lymphoma who received a PD-1 receptor–blocking antibody before transplantation. These complications may occur despite intervening therapy between PD-1 blockade and allogeneic HSCT. Follow patients closely for early evidence of transplant-related complications such as hyperacute GVHD, severe (Grade 3 to 4) acute GVHD, steroid-requiring febrile syndrome, hepatic VOD, and other immune-mediated adverse reactions, and intervene promptly. Based on its mechanism of action, KEYTRUDA can cause fetal harm when administered to a pregnant woman. If used during pregnancy, or if the patient becomes pregnant during treatment, apprise the patient of the potential hazard to a fetus. Advise females of reproductive potential to use highly effective contraception during treatment and for 4 months after the last dose of KEYTRUDA. The most common adverse reactions (reported in ≥20% of patients) were fatigue, pruritis, diarrhea, decreased appetite, rash, pyrexia, cough, dyspnea, musculoskeletal pain, constipation, and nausea. It is not known whether KEYTRUDA is excreted in human milk. Because many drugs are excreted in human milk, instruct women to discontinue nursing during treatment with KEYTRUDA and for 4 months after the final dose. There is limited experience in pediatric patients. In a study, 40 pediatric patients (16 children aged 2 years to younger than 12 years and 24 adolescents ages 12 years to 18 years) with advanced melanoma, lymphoma, or PD-L1–positive advanced, relapsed, or refractory solid tumors, were administered KEYTRUDA 2 mg/kg every 3 weeks. Patients received KEYTRUDA for a median of 3 doses (range 1-17 doses), with 34 patients (85%) receiving KEYTRUDA for 2 doses or more. The safety profile in these pediatric patients was similar to that seen in adults treated with KEYTRUDA. Toxicities that occurred at a higher rate (≥15% difference) in these patients when compared to adults under 65 years of age were fatigue (45%), vomiting (38%), abdominal pain (28%), hypertransaminasemia (28%), and hyponatremia (18%). Our Focus on Cancer Our goal is to translate breakthrough science into innovative oncology medicines to help people with cancer worldwide. At Merck, helping people fight cancer is our passion and supporting accessibility to our cancer medicines is our commitment. Our focus is on pursuing research in immuno-oncology and we are accelerating every step in the journey – from lab to clinic – to potentially bring new hope to people with cancer. As part of our focus on cancer, Merck is committed to exploring the potential of immuno-oncology with one of the fastest-growing development programs in the industry. We are currently executing an expansive research program that includes more than 500 clinical trials evaluating our anti-PD-1 therapy across more than 30 tumor types. We also continue to strengthen our immuno-oncology portfolio through strategic acquisitions and are prioritizing the development of several promising immunotherapeutic candidates with the potential to improve the treatment of advanced cancers. For more information about our oncology clinical trials, visit www.merck.com/clinicaltrials. About Merck For more than a century, Merck, a leading global biopharmaceutical company known as MSD outside of the United States and Canada, has been inventing for life, bringing forward medicines and vaccines for many of the world’s most challenging diseases. Through our prescription medicines, vaccines, biologic therapies and animal health products, we work with customers and operate in more than 140 countries to deliver innovative health solutions. We also demonstrate our commitment to increasing access to health care through far-reaching policies, programs and partnerships. Today, Merck continues to be at the forefront of research to advance the prevention and treatment of diseases that threaten people and communities around the world – including cancer, cardio-metabolic diseases, emerging animal diseases, Alzheimer’s disease and infectious diseases including HIV and Ebola. For more information, visit www.merck.com and connect with us on Twitter, Facebook, Instagram, YouTube and LinkedIn. Forward-Looking Statement of Merck & Co., Inc., Kenilworth, N.J., USA This news release of Merck & Co., Inc., Kenilworth, N.J., USA (the “company”) includes “forward-looking statements” within the meaning of the safe harbor provisions of the U.S. Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These statements are based upon the current beliefs and expectations of the company’s management and are subject to significant risks and uncertainties. There can be no guarantees with respect to pipeline products that the products will receive the necessary regulatory approvals or that they will prove to be commercially successful. If underlying assumptions prove inaccurate or risks or uncertainties materialize, actual results may differ materially from those set forth in the forward-looking statements. Risks and uncertainties include but are not limited to, general industry conditions and competition; general economic factors, including interest rate and currency exchange rate fluctuations; the impact of pharmaceutical industry regulation and health care legislation in the United States and internationally; global trends toward health care cost containment; technological advances, new products and patents attained by competitors; challenges inherent in new product development, including obtaining regulatory approval; the company’s ability to accurately predict future market conditions; manufacturing difficulties or delays; financial instability of international economies and sovereign risk; dependence on the effectiveness of the company’s patents and other protections for innovative products; and the exposure to litigation, including patent litigation, and/or regulatory actions. The company undertakes no obligation to publicly update any forward-looking statement, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. Additional factors that could cause results to differ materially from those described in the forward-looking statements can be found in the company’s 2016 Annual Report on Form 10-K and the company’s other filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) available at the SEC’s Internet site (www.sec.gov). Please see Prescribing Information for KEYTRUDA (pembrolizumab) at http://www.merck.com/product/usa/pi_circulars/k/keytruda/keytruda_pi.pdf and Patient Information/Medication Guide for KEYTRUDA at http://www.merck.com/product/usa/pi_circulars/k/keytruda/keytruda_mg.pdf. CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Market Survey Report Examines The Global Application Container Market That Will Grow At A CAGR of XX.X% by 2022 Next PostNext Enhanced Campfire Cooking Device Invented by InventHelp Client (MIS-237) Search Recent Posts Rahal, Honda Dominate in Detroit Dual Capacity Established for Jason High Precision Ocean Altimetry Mission Metop-A celebrates 10 years in orbit and high impact on weather forecasts International science meeting discusses achievements and prospects for Ocean Altimetry EUMETSAT extends Metop-A lifetime, approves contract, and signs agreements for extracting new environmental products from observations of next generation satellites Business Directory Business Contacts Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 3 June 2017 by Maciej Heyman Longer Term Follow-Up Data with Merck’s KEYTRUDA® (pembrolizumab) in Combination with Pemetrexed and Carboplatin in First-Line Nonsquamous Metastatic Non-Small Cell Lung Cancer (NSCLC) to Be Presented at 2017 ASCO Annual Meeting KENILWORTH, N.J.–(BUSINESS WIRE)–Merck (NYSE:MRK), known as MSD outside the United States and Canada, today announced updated results from KEYNOTE-021, Cohort G1, which studied KEYTRUDA® (pembrolizumab), the company’s anti-PD-1 therapy, in combination with pemetrexed and carboplatin (pem/carbo) in the first-line treatment of patients with advanced nonsquamous non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC), irrespective of PD-L1 expression. Data – which are based on an additional five months of follow-up – demonstrated continued benefit with KEYTRUDA plus pem/carbo, including an overall response rate (ORR) of 56.7 percent compared to 30.2 percent with pem/carbo alone (95% CI, 8.9%-42.3%; P = 0.0016). Progression-free survival (PFS) was longer in the KEYTRUDA combination group, with the median not reached (95% CI, 8.5 months-not reached) compared to 8.9 months in the pem/carbo group (95% CI, 6.2-10.3) (HR 0.50 [95% CI, 0.29-0.84, P = 0.0038]). Though statistical significance was not met, an updated overall survival (OS) analysis for the combination with KEYTRUDA plus pem/carbo showed a trend towards improvement compared to patients treated with pem/carbo alone (HR, 0.69 [95% CI, 0.36-1.31, P = 0.13]). The findings are being presented at the 2017 American Society of Clinical Oncology (ASCO) Annual Meeting in Chicago (Abstract #9094). “With an additional five months of follow-up, we are seeing continued benefits in overall response rate and progression-free survival with KEYTRUDA plus pemetrexed/carboplatin,” said Dr. Vassiliki Papadimitrakopoulou, section chief thoracic medical oncology, UT MD Anderson Cancer Center. “These data support the use of this combination regimen for patients with nonsquamous metastatic non-small cell lung cancer, irrespective of PD-L1 expression.” Merck has one of the world’s most robust clinical development programs in immuno-oncology. The program includes extensive research in lung cancer with multiple registration-enabling studies for KEYTRUDA (pembrolizumab) currently underway. The KEYTRUDA clinical development program encompasses more than 30 tumor types in more than 500 clinical trials, including more than 300 trials that combine KEYTRUDA with other cancer treatments. “A significant unmet need in lung cancer has existed for decades, and we are now seeing that KEYTRUDA combined with pemetrexed and carboplatin shows a continued benefit for patients with metastatic nonsquamous non-small cell lung cancer in the first-line treatment of this disease,” said Dr. Roger Dansey, senior vice president and therapeutic area head, oncology late-stage development, Merck Research Laboratories. “We are encouraged by these additional data and look forward to continuing to study this combination through our ongoing clinical research program.” KEYNOTE-021, Cohort G1: Data in First-Line Patients Irrespective of PD-L1 Expression (Abstract #9094) Cohort G1 of the multicenter, open-label, phase 1/2 multi-cohort KEYNOTE-021 study evaluated the efficacy and safety of KEYTRUDA in combination with pemetrexed and carboplatin (KEYTRUDA + pem/carbo combination group) compared with pemetrexed and carboplatin (pem/carbo group) in 123 patients with metastatic, nonsquamous, EGFR- and ALK-negative NSCLC in the first-line treatment setting. The KEYNOTE-021G1 trial was conducted in collaboration with Eli Lilly and Company, the maker of pemetrexed. Patients were randomized to receive KEYTRUDA + pem/carbo (n=60) or pem/carbo alone (n=63). Patients in the KEYTRUDA + pem/carbo combination group received KEYTRUDA (200 mg), pemetrexed (500 mg/m2) and carboplatin (AUC 5 mg/mL/min) every three weeks for four cycles followed by KEYTRUDA every three weeks. In the pem/carbo group, patients received pemetrexed (500 mg/m2) and carboplatin (AUC 5 mg/mL/min) alone for four cycles. At the investigator’s discretion, maintenance pemetrexed (500 mg/m2) every three weeks was permitted in both treatment groups. The major efficacy outcome measure was overall response rate (ORR) as assessed by blinded independent central review (BICR) using Response Evaluation Criteria in Solid Tumors (RECIST) version 1.1. Additional efficacy outcome measures were PFS as assessed by BICR using RECIST 1.1, duration of response and OS. Data to be presented at ASCO include a median follow-up of 14.5 months (range: 0.8-24.0). In this analysis, the KEYTRUDA + pem/carbo combination demonstrated improvement over pem/carbo alone in response rate, duration of response and PFS. ORR was 56.7 percent in the KEYTRUDA + pem/carbo combination group compared to 30.2 percent in the pem/carbo group (95% CI, 8.9%-42.3%; P = 0.0016). The median duration of response had not been reached in the KEYTRUDA + pem/carbo combination group (range: 1.4+ to 18.6+) and was 16.2 months (range: 2.8 to 20.7+) in the pem/carbo group. Findings also included an analysis based on PD-L1 expression. In patients whose tumors did not express PD-L1 (TPS of less than 1%), ORR was 62 percent (95% CI, 38-82) with KEYTRUDA (pembrolizumab) + pem/carbo compared to 13 percent (95% CI, 3-34) with pem/carbo alone. In patients whose tumors expressed PD-L1 (TPS of 1% or more), ORR was 54 percent (95% CI, 37-70) with KEYTRUDA+ pem/carbo compared to 40 percent (95% CI, 25-57) with pem/carbo alone. Among these patients, those with high levels of PD-L1 (TPS of 50% or more) were most likely to respond, with an ORR of 80 percent (95% CI, 56-94) with KEYTRUDA + pem/carbo compared to 41 percent (95% CI, 18-67) with pem/carbo alone. In patients with lower levels of PD-L1 expression (TPS of one to 49%), ORR was 26 percent (95% CI, 9-51) with KEYTRUDA + pem/carbo compared to 39 percent (95% CI, 20-61) with pem/carbo alone. PFS was longer in the KEYTRUDA combination group, with the median not reached (95% CI, 8.5 months-not reached) compared to 8.9 months in the pem/carbo group (95% CI, 6.2-10.3) (HR 0.50 [95% CI, 0.29-0.84, P = 0.0038]). At nine and 12 months, PFS was 63.2 percent and 56.4 percent, respectively, in the KEYTRUDA + pem/carbo combination group compared to 48.1 percent and 33.9 percent in the pem/carbo group. Seventy-five percent (n=36/48) of patients in the pem/carbo group received subsequent anti-PD-1 or PD-L1 therapy, including 22 who received KEYTRUDA as part of study crossover. Though statistical significance was not met in an analysis of OS, the KEYTRUDA + pem/carbo combination was associated with a 31 percent (HR, 0.69 [95% CI, 0.36-1.31, P = 0.13]) reduction in the risk of death. Median OS was not reached in either group; at nine and 12 months, the estimated OS rate was 84.6 percent and 76.0 percent, respectively, in the KEYTRUDA + pem/carbo combination group compared to 82.3 percent and 69.3 percent in the pem/carbo group. The safety findings were consistent with what has been seen in previous trials among patients treated with KEYTRUDA. Grade 3-5 treatment-related adverse events occurring in the KEYTRUDA + pem/carbo group were anemia (11.9%), neutrophil count decreased (6.8%), fatigue (3.4%), nausea (1.7%), rash (1.7%), vomiting (1.7%), aspartate aminotransferase increased (1.7%) and alanine aminotransferase increased (1.7%). The most common immune-mediated adverse events of any grade in patients receiving KEYTRUDA + pem/carbo were hypothyroidism (11.9%), hyperthyroidism (8.5%), pneumonitis (6.8%), infusion reactions (3.4%), severe skin toxicity (1.7%) and colitis (1.7%). There was one treatment-related death in a patient receiving KEYTRUDA + pem/carbo and two in patients receiving pem/carbo alone. About Lung Cancer Lung cancer, which forms in the tissues of the lungs, usually within cells lining the air passages, is the leading cause of cancer death worldwide. Each year, more people die of lung cancer than die of colon, breast and prostate cancers combined. The two main types of lung cancer are non-small cell and small cell. NSCLC is the most common type of lung cancer, accounting for about 85 percent of all cases. The five-year survival rate for patients suffering from highly advanced, metastatic (Stage IV) lung cancers is estimated to be two percent. About KEYTRUDA®(pembrolizumab) Injection KEYTRUDA is an anti-PD-1 therapy that works by increasing the ability of the body’s immune system to help detect and fight tumor cells. KEYTRUDA is a humanized monoclonal antibody that blocks the interaction between PD-1 and its ligands, PD-L1 and PD-L2, thereby activating T lymphocytes which may affect both tumor cells and healthy cells. Studies of KEYTRUDA – from the largest immuno-oncology program in the industry with more than 500 trials – include a wide variety of cancers and treatment settings. The KEYTRUDA clinical program seeks to understand factors that predict a patient’s likelihood of benefitting from treatment with KEYTRUDA, including the exploration of several different biomarkers across a broad range of tumors. KEYTRUDA is administered as an intravenous infusion over 30 minutes every three weeks for the approved indications. KEYTRUDA for injection is supplied in a 100 mg single-dose vial. KEYTRUDA®(pembrolizumab) Indications and Dosing Melanoma KEYTRUDA is indicated for the treatment of patients with unresectable or metastatic melanoma at a fixed dose of 200 mg every three weeks until disease progression or unacceptable toxicity. Lung Cancer KEYTRUDA, as a single agent, is indicated for the first-line treatment of patients with metastatic non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC) whose tumors have high PD-L1 expression [tumor proportion score (TPS) ≥50%] as determined by an FDA-approved test, with no EGFR or ALK genomic tumor aberrations. KEYTRUDA, as a single agent, is also indicated for the treatment of patients with metastatic NSCLC whose tumors express PD-L1 (TPS ≥1%) as determined by an FDA-approved test, with disease progression on or after platinum-containing chemotherapy. Patients with EGFR or ALK genomic tumor aberrations should have disease progression on FDA-approved therapy for these aberrations prior to receiving KEYTRUDA (pembrolizumab). KEYTRUDA, in combination with pemetrexed and carboplatin, is indicated for the first-line treatment of patients with metastatic nonsquamous NSCLC. This indication is approved under accelerated approval based on tumor response rate and progression-free survival. Continued approval for this indication may be contingent upon verification and description of clinical benefit in the confirmatory trials. In metastatic NSCLC, KEYTRUDA is administered at a fixed dose of 200 mg every three weeks until disease progression, unacceptable toxicity, or up to 24 months in patients without disease progression. When administering KEYTRUDA in combination with chemotherapy, KEYTRUDA should be administered prior to chemotherapy when given on the same day. See also the Prescribing Information for pemetrexed and carboplatin. Head and Neck Cancer KEYTRUDA is indicated for the treatment of patients with recurrent or metastatic head and neck squamous cell carcinoma (HNSCC) with disease progression on or after platinum-containing chemotherapy. This indication is approved under accelerated approval based on tumor response rate and durability of response. Continued approval for this indication may be contingent upon verification and description of clinical benefit in the confirmatory trials. In HNSCC, KEYTRUDA is administered at a fixed dose of 200 mg every three weeks until disease progression, unacceptable toxicity, or up to 24 months in patients without disease progression. Classical Hodgkin Lymphoma KEYTRUDA is indicated for the treatment of adult and pediatric patients with refractory classical Hodgkin lymphoma (cHL), or who have relapsed after three or more prior lines of therapy. This indication is approved under accelerated approval based on tumor response rate and durability of response. Continued approval for this indication may be contingent upon verification and description of clinical benefit in the confirmatory trials. In adults with cHL, KEYTRUDA is administered at a fixed dose of 200 mg every three weeks until disease progression or unacceptable toxicity, or up to 24 months in patients without disease progression. In pediatric patients with cHL, KEYTRUDA is administered at a dose of 2 mg/kg (up to a maximum of 200 mg) every three weeks until disease progression or unacceptable toxicity, or up to 24 months in patients without disease progression. Urothelial Carcinoma KEYTRUDA (pembrolizumab) is indicated for the treatment of patients with locally advanced or metastatic urothelial carcinoma who are not eligible for cisplatin-containing chemotherapy. This indication is approved under accelerated approval based on tumor response rate and duration of response. Continued approval for this indication may be contingent upon verification and description of clinical benefit in the confirmatory trials. KEYTRUDA is also indicated for the treatment of patients with locally advanced or metastatic urothelial carcinoma who have disease progression during or following platinum-containing chemotherapy or within 12 months of neoadjuvant or adjuvant treatment with platinum-containing chemotherapy. In locally advanced or metastatic urothelial carcinoma, KEYTRUDA is administered at a fixed dose of 200 mg every three weeks until disease progression or unacceptable toxicity, or up to 24 months in patients without disease progression. Microsatellite Instability-High (MSI-H) Cancer KEYTRUDA is indicated for the treatment of adult and pediatric patients with unresectable or metastatic microsatellite instability-high (MSI-H) or mismatch repair deficient (dMMR) solid tumors that have progressed following prior treatment and who have no satisfactory alternative treatment options, or colorectal cancer that has progressed following treatment with fluoropyrimidine, oxaliplatin, and irinotecan. This indication is approved under accelerated approval based on tumor response rate and durability of response. Continued approval for this indication may be contingent upon verification and description of clinical benefit in the confirmatory trials. The safety and effectiveness of KEYTRUDA in pediatric patients with MSI-H central nervous system cancers have not been established. In adult patients with MSI-H cancer, KEYTRUDA is administered at a fixed dose of 200 mg every three weeks until disease progression, unacceptable toxicity, or up to 24 months in patients without disease progression. In pediatric patients with MSI-H cancer, KEYTRUDA is administered at a dose of 2 mg/kg (up to a maximum of 200 mg) every three weeks until disease progression or unacceptable toxicity, or up to 24 months in patients without disease progression. Selected Important Safety Information for KEYTRUDA® (pembrolizumab) KEYTRUDA (pembrolizumab) can cause immune-mediated pneumonitis, including fatal cases. Pneumonitis occurred in 94 (3.4%) of 2799 patients receiving KEYTRUDA, including Grade 1 (0.8%), 2 (1.3%), 3 (0.9%), 4 (0.3%), and 5 (0.1%) pneumonitis, and occurred more frequently in patients with a history of prior thoracic radiation (6.9%) compared to those without (2.9%). Monitor patients for signs and symptoms of pneumonitis. Evaluate suspected pneumonitis with radiographic imaging. Administer corticosteroids for Grade 2 or greater pneumonitis. Withhold KEYTRUDA for Grade 2; permanently discontinue KEYTRUDA for Grade 3 or 4 or recurrent Grade 2 pneumonitis. KEYTRUDA can cause immune-mediated colitis. Colitis occurred in 48 (1.7%) of 2799 patients receiving KEYTRUDA, including Grade 2 (0.4%), 3 (1.1%), and 4 (<0.1%) colitis. Monitor patients for signs and symptoms of colitis. Administer corticosteroids for Grade 2 or greater colitis. Withhold KEYTRUDA for Grade 2 or 3; permanently discontinue KEYTRUDA for Grade 4 colitis. KEYTRUDA can cause immune-mediated hepatitis. Hepatitis occurred in 19 (0.7%) of 2799 patients receiving KEYTRUDA, including Grade 2 (0.1%), 3 (0.4%), and 4 (<0.1%) hepatitis. Monitor patients for changes in liver function. Administer corticosteroids for Grade 2 or greater hepatitis and, based on severity of liver enzyme elevations, withhold or discontinue KEYTRUDA. KEYTRUDA can cause hypophysitis. Hypophysitis occurred in 17 (0.6%) of 2799 patients receiving KEYTRUDA, including Grade 2 (0.2%), 3 (0.3%), and 4 (<0.1%) hypophysitis. Monitor patients for signs and symptoms of hypophysitis (including hypopituitarism and adrenal insufficiency). Administer corticosteroids and hormone replacement as clinically indicated. Withhold KEYTRUDA for Grade 2; withhold or discontinue for Grade 3 or 4 hypophysitis. KEYTRUDA can cause thyroid disorders, including hyperthyroidism, hypothyroidism, and thyroiditis. Hyperthyroidism occurred in 96 (3.4%) of 2799 patients receiving KEYTRUDA, including Grade 2 (0.8%) and 3 (0.1%) hyperthyroidism. Hypothyroidism occurred in 237 (8.5%) of 2799 patients receiving KEYTRUDA, including Grade 2 (6.2%) and 3 (0.1%) hypothyroidism. Thyroiditis occurred in 16 (0.6%) of 2799 patients receiving KEYTRUDA, including Grade 2 (0.3%) thyroiditis. Monitor patients for changes in thyroid function (at the start of treatment, periodically during treatment, and as indicated based on clinical evaluation) and for clinical signs and symptoms of thyroid disorders. Administer replacement hormones for hypothyroidism and manage hyperthyroidism with thionamides and beta-blockers as appropriate. Withhold or discontinue KEYTRUDA for Grade 3 or 4 hyperthyroidism. KEYTRUDA can cause type 1 diabetes mellitus, including diabetic ketoacidosis, which have been reported in 6 (0.2%) of 2799 patients. Monitor patients for hyperglycemia or other signs and symptoms of diabetes. Administer insulin for type 1 diabetes, and withhold KEYTRUDA and administer antihyperglycemics in patients with severe hyperglycemia. KEYTRUDA (pembrolizumab) can cause immune-mediated nephritis. Nephritis occurred in 9 (0.3%) of 2799 patients receiving KEYTRUDA, including Grade 2 (0.1%), 3 (0.1%), and 4 (<0.1%) nephritis. Monitor patients for changes in renal function. Administer corticosteroids for Grade 2 or greater nephritis. Withhold KEYTRUDA for Grade 2; permanently discontinue KEYTRUDA for Grade 3 or 4 nephritis. KEYTRUDA can cause other clinically important immune-mediated adverse reactions. These immune-mediated reactions may occur in any organ system. For suspected immune-mediated adverse reactions, ensure adequate evaluation to confirm etiology or exclude other causes. Based on the severity of the adverse reaction, withhold KEYTRUDA and administer corticosteroids. Upon improvement to Grade 1 or less, initiate corticosteroid taper and continue to taper over at least 1 month. Based on limited data from clinical studies in patients whose immune-related adverse reactions could not be controlled with corticosteroid use, administration of other systemic immunosuppressants can be considered. Resume KEYTRUDA when the adverse reaction remains at Grade 1 or less following corticosteroid taper. Permanently discontinue KEYTRUDA for any Grade 3 immune-mediated adverse reaction that recurs and for any life-threatening immune-mediated adverse reaction. The following clinically significant immune-mediated adverse reactions occurred in less than 1% (unless otherwise indicated) of 2799 patients: arthritis (1.5%), exfoliative dermatitis, bullous pemphigoid, rash (1.4%), uveitis, myositis, Guillain-Barré syndrome, myasthenia gravis, vasculitis, pancreatitis, hemolytic anemia, and partial seizures arising in a patient with inflammatory foci in brain parenchyma. In addition, myelitis and myocarditis were reported in other clinical trials, including classical Hodgkin lymphoma, and postmarketing use. Solid organ transplant rejection has been reported in postmarketing use of KEYTRUDA. Treatment with KEYTRUDA may increase the risk of rejection in solid organ transplant recipients. Consider the benefit of treatment with KEYTRUDA vs the risk of possible organ rejection in these patients. KEYTRUDA can cause severe or life-threatening infusion-related reactions, including hypersensitivity and anaphylaxis, which have been reported in 6 (0.2%) of 2799 patients. Monitor patients for signs and symptoms of infusion-related reactions, including rigors, chills, wheezing, pruritus, flushing, rash, hypotension, hypoxemia, and fever. For Grade 3 or 4 reactions, stop infusion and permanently discontinue KEYTRUDA. Immune-mediated complications, including fatal events, occurred in patients who underwent allogeneic hematopoietic stem cell transplantation (HSCT) after being treated with KEYTRUDA. Of 23 patients with cHL who proceeded to allogeneic HSCT after treatment with KEYTRUDA on any trial, 6 patients (26%) developed graft-versus-host-disease (GVHD), one of which was fatal, and 2 patients (9%) developed severe hepatic veno-occlusive disease (VOD) after reduced-intensity conditioning, one of which was fatal. Cases of fatal hyperacute GVHD after allogeneic HSCT have also been reported in patients with lymphoma who received a PD-1 receptor–blocking antibody before transplantation. These complications may occur despite intervening therapy between PD-1 blockade and allogeneic HSCT. Follow patients closely for early evidence of transplant-related complications such as hyperacute GVHD, severe (Grade 3 to 4) acute GVHD, steroid-requiring febrile syndrome, hepatic VOD, and other immune-mediated adverse reactions, and intervene promptly. Based on its mechanism of action, KEYTRUDA (pembrolizumab) can cause fetal harm when administered to a pregnant woman. If used during pregnancy, or if the patient becomes pregnant during treatment, apprise the patient of the potential hazard to a fetus. Advise females of reproductive potential to use highly effective contraception during treatment and for 4 months after the last dose of KEYTRUDA. When KEYTRUDA was administered in combination with carboplatin and pemetrexed (carbo/pem), KEYTRUDA was discontinued in 10% of 59 patients. The most common adverse reaction resulting in discontinuation of KEYTRUDA (≥2%) was acute kidney injury (3.4%). Adverse reactions leading to interruption of KEYTRUDA occurred in 39% of patients; the most common (≥2%) were fatigue (8%), neutrophil count decreased (8%), anemia (5%), dyspnea (3.4%), and pneumonitis (3.4%). The most common adverse reactions (≥20%) with KEYTRUDA compared to carbo/pem alone were fatigue (71% vs 50%), nausea (68% vs 56%), constipation (51% vs 37%), rash (42% vs 21%), vomiting (39% vs 27%), dyspnea (39% vs 21%), diarrhea (37% vs 23%), decreased appetite (31% vs 23%), headache (31% vs 16%), cough (24% vs 18%), dizziness (24% vs 16%), insomnia (24% vs 15%), pruritus (24% vs 4.8%), peripheral edema (22% vs 18%), dysgeusia (20% vs 11%), alopecia (20% vs 3.2%), upper respiratory tract infection (20% vs 3.2%), and arthralgia (15% vs 24%). This study was not designed to demonstrate a statistically significant difference in adverse reaction rates for KEYTRUDA as compared to carbo/pem alone for any specified adverse reaction. It is not known whether KEYTRUDA is excreted in human milk. Because many drugs are excreted in human milk, instruct women to discontinue nursing during treatment with KEYTRUDA and for 4 months after the final dose. Our Focus on Cancer Our goal is to translate breakthrough science into innovative oncology medicines to help people with cancer worldwide. At Merck, helping people fight cancer is our passion and supporting accessibility to our cancer medicines is our commitment. Our focus is on pursuing research in immuno-oncology and we are accelerating every step in the journey – from lab to clinic – to potentially bring new hope to people with cancer. As part of our focus on cancer, Merck is committed to exploring the potential of immuno-oncology with one of the fastest-growing development programs in the industry. We are currently executing an expansive research program that includes more than 500 clinical trials evaluating our anti-PD-1 therapy across more than 30 tumor types. We also continue to strengthen our immuno-oncology portfolio through strategic acquisitions and are prioritizing the development of several promising immunotherapeutic candidates with the potential to improve the treatment of advanced cancers. For more information about our oncology clinical trials, visit www.merck.com/clinicaltrials. About Merck For more than a century, Merck, a leading global biopharmaceutical company known as MSD outside of the United States and Canada, has been inventing for life, bringing forward medicines and vaccines for many of the world’s most challenging diseases. Through our prescription medicines, vaccines, biologic therapies and animal health products, we work with customers and operate in more than 140 countries to deliver innovative health solutions. We also demonstrate our commitment to increasing access to health care through far-reaching policies, programs and partnerships. Today, Merck continues to be at the forefront of research to advance the prevention and treatment of diseases that threaten people and communities around the world – including cancer, cardio-metabolic diseases, emerging animal diseases, Alzheimer’s disease and infectious diseases including HIV and Ebola. For more information, visit www.merck.com and connect with us on Twitter, Facebook, Instagram, YouTube and LinkedIn. Forward-Looking Statement of Merck & Co., Inc., Kenilworth, N.J., USA This news release of Merck & Co., Inc., Kenilworth, N.J., USA (the “company”) includes “forward-looking statements” within the meaning of the safe harbor provisions of the U.S. Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These statements are based upon the current beliefs and expectations of the company’s management and are subject to significant risks and uncertainties. There can be no guarantees with respect to pipeline products that the products will receive the necessary regulatory approvals or that they will prove to be commercially successful. If underlying assumptions prove inaccurate or risks or uncertainties materialize, actual results may differ materially from those set forth in the forward-looking statements. Risks and uncertainties include but are not limited to, general industry conditions and competition; general economic factors, including interest rate and currency exchange rate fluctuations; the impact of pharmaceutical industry regulation and health care legislation in the United States and internationally; global trends toward health care cost containment; technological advances, new products and patents attained by competitors; challenges inherent in new product development, including obtaining regulatory approval; the company’s ability to accurately predict future market conditions; manufacturing difficulties or delays; financial instability of international economies and sovereign risk; dependence on the effectiveness of the company’s patents and other protections for innovative products; and the exposure to litigation, including patent litigation, and/or regulatory actions. The company undertakes no obligation to publicly update any forward-looking statement, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. Additional factors that could cause results to differ materially from those described in the forward-looking statements can be found in the company’s 2016 Annual Report on Form 10-K and the company’s other filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) available at the SEC’s Internet site (www.sec.gov). Please see Prescribing Information for KEYTRUDA (pembrolizumab) at http://www.merck.com/product/usa/pi_circulars/k/keytruda/keytruda_pi.pdf and Patient Information/Medication Guide for KEYTRUDA at http://www.merck.com/product/usa/pi_circulars/k/keytruda/keytruda_mg.pdf. CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Dendreon Announces New Findings Demonstrating Durable and Robust Killer T-Cell Response with PROVENGE Next PostNext Anti-LAG-3 (BMS-986016) in Combination with Opdivo (nivolumab) Showed Activity in Patients with Melanoma Who Were Relapsed or Refractory to Anti-PD-1/PD-L1 Therapy Search Recent Posts Ion Exchange Resins Market expected to grow at a CAGR of 5.4% from 2016 – 2026 Asia-Pacific STV Stevia Market Research Report 2017 to 2022 Global Methionine Market Analysis- Size, Share, overview, scope, Revenue, Gross Margin, Segment and Forecast 2017 IBM Research Alliance Builds New Transistor for 5nm Technology Mobile Phone Accessories Market will reach at a CAGR of 6.9% from 2015 to 2025 Business Directory Business Contacts Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Proudly powered by WordPress
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Merck & Co. Inc. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Merck & Co. Inc. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Chevron Co. (CVX) Shares Sold by Salem Capital Management Inc. Cohen Klingenstein LLC Holds Position in Chevron Co. (CVX) Louisiana State Employees Retirement System Has $10.72 Million Position in Merck & Co., Inc. (MRK) LOOMIS AB SER'B'NPV (LOIMF) Rating Increased to Buy at Zacks Investment Research Peabody Energy Co. (BTU) Short Interest Update Apple Inc. (AAPL) is Chevy Chase Trust Holdings Inc.’s Largest Position Grassi Investment Management Purchases 22,751 Shares of JPMorgan Chase & Co. (JPM) Winslow Asset Management Inc. Cuts Position in Procter & Gamble Co (PG) Tenet Healthcare Corp (THC) Position Boosted by Bank of Montreal Can Bonness Enterprises Inc. Maintains Stake in Apple Inc. (AAPL) Microsoft Co. (MSFT) is Moreno Evelyn V’s 9th Largest Position Teachers Advisors LLC Has $1.12 Million Position in Medifast Inc (MED) Teachers Advisors LLC Raises Position in Kelly Services, Inc. (KELYA) Teachers Advisors LLC Raises Position in Haverty Furniture Companies, Inc. (HVT) Grand Canyon Education Inc (LOPE) Lowered to Hold at Zacks Investment Research Life Storage Inc (LSI) Upgraded to Hold at Zacks Investment Research Centurylink Inc (CTL) Debt Trading 2.2% Lower Seaport Global Securities Analysts Cut Earnings Estimates for Ship Finance International Limited (SFL) Q3 2017 EPS Estimates for Supernus Pharmaceuticals Inc Lowered by Analyst (SUPN) Masimo Co. (MASI) Short Interest Down 24.7% in May Louisiana State Employees Retirement System Has $10.72 Million Position in Merck & Co., Inc. (MRK) June 3rd, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Tyrone Williams Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet Louisiana State Employees Retirement System reduced its stake in shares of Merck & Co., Inc. (NYSE:MRK) by 2.7% during the first quarter, Holdings Channel reports. The fund owned 168,700 shares of the company’s stock after selling 4,700 shares during the period. Merck & Co. comprises approximately 0.5% of Louisiana State Employees Retirement System’s investment portfolio, making the stock its 24th largest position. Louisiana State Employees Retirement System’s holdings in Merck & Co. were worth $10,719,000 as of its most recent SEC filing. Several other institutional investors have also recently added to or reduced their stakes in MRK. Adirondack Trust Co. increased its position in Merck & Co. by 0.4% in the first quarter. Adirondack Trust Co. now owns 11,334 shares of the company’s stock valued at $720,000 after buying an additional 41 shares during the last quarter. Northstar Group Inc. increased its position in Merck & Co. by 0.5% in the first quarter. Northstar Group Inc. now owns 12,778 shares of the company’s stock valued at $811,000 after buying an additional 58 shares during the last quarter. American National Bank increased its position in Merck & Co. by 1.1% in the first quarter. American National Bank now owns 5,826 shares of the company’s stock valued at $370,000 after buying an additional 61 shares during the last quarter. Barrington Strategic Wealth Management Group LLC increased its position in Merck & Co. by 0.4% in the fourth quarter. Barrington Strategic Wealth Management Group LLC now owns 15,965 shares of the company’s stock valued at $940,000 after buying an additional 65 shares during the last quarter. Finally, Vontobel Swiss Wealth Advisors AG increased its position in Merck & Co. by 1.8% in the fourth quarter. Vontobel Swiss Wealth Advisors AG now owns 4,735 shares of the company’s stock valued at $279,000 after buying an additional 85 shares during the last quarter. 74.10% of the stock is currently owned by hedge funds and other institutional investors. Merck & Co., Inc. (NYSE MRK) opened at 65.47 on Friday. Merck & Co., Inc. has a 52 week low of $55.10 and a 52 week high of $66.80. The stock has a market capitalization of $179.07 billion, a price-to-earnings ratio of 41.73 and a beta of 0.79. The company has a 50-day moving average of $63.58 and a 200-day moving average of $62.97. Merck & Co. (NYSE:MRK) last released its quarterly earnings data on Tuesday, May 2nd. The company reported $0.88 EPS for the quarter, topping analysts’ consensus estimates of $0.83 by $0.05. The firm had revenue of $9.43 billion for the quarter, compared to the consensus estimate of $9.25 billion. Merck & Co. had a net margin of 14.30% and a return on equity of 24.08%. The firm’s revenue was up 1.3% on a year-over-year basis. During the same quarter in the previous year, the firm earned $0.89 earnings per share. Analysts anticipate that Merck & Co., Inc. will post $3.84 earnings per share for the current year. The business also recently disclosed a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Monday, July 10th. Investors of record on Thursday, June 15th will be issued a dividend of $0.47 per share. This represents a $1.88 dividend on an annualized basis and a yield of 2.87%. The ex-dividend date of this dividend is Tuesday, June 13th. Merck & Co.’s dividend payout ratio is currently 92.61%. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION WARNING: This news story was first published by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are viewing this news story on another publication, it was illegally copied and reposted in violation of United States and international copyright and trademark law. The legal version of this news story can be viewed at https://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/06/03/louisiana-state-employees-retirement-system-has-10-72-million-position-in-merck-co-inc-mrk.html. Several equities research analysts have commented on the stock. Vetr lowered shares of Merck & Co. from a “strong-buy” rating to a “buy” rating and set a $69.99 price target on the stock. in a report on Wednesday, May 17th. Jefferies Group LLC reaffirmed a “sell” rating and issued a $51.00 price target on shares of Merck & Co. in a report on Wednesday, May 24th. Zacks Investment Research lowered shares of Merck & Co. from a “buy” rating to a “hold” rating in a report on Thursday, May 25th. Cowen and Company reaffirmed a “market perform” rating and issued a $68.00 price target on shares of Merck & Co. in a report on Tuesday, April 11th. Finally, BMO Capital Markets reaffirmed an “outperform” rating and issued a $70.00 price target on shares of Merck & Co. in a report on Sunday, April 23rd. Two investment analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, seven have issued a hold rating and twelve have issued a buy rating to the company. The stock presently has a consensus rating of “Hold” and a consensus price target of $68.58. In related news, Director C Robert Kidder sold 5,000 shares of the business’s stock in a transaction dated Friday, May 12th. The shares were sold at an average price of $63.54, for a total transaction of $317,700.00. Following the sale, the director now owns 14,317 shares of the company’s stock, valued at $909,702.18. The transaction was disclosed in a legal filing with the SEC, which can be accessed through this link. Also, EVP Adam H. Schechter sold 53,850 shares of the business’s stock in a transaction dated Monday, April 3rd. The stock was sold at an average price of $63.48, for a total transaction of $3,418,398.00. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. 0.05% of the stock is currently owned by insiders. Merck & Co. Company Profile Merck & Co, Inc is a global healthcare company. The Company offers health solutions through its prescription medicines, vaccines, biologic therapies and animal health products. It operates through four segments: Pharmaceutical, Animal Health, Healthcare Services and Alliances. The Company’s Pharmaceutical segment includes human health pharmaceutical and vaccine products marketed either directly by the Company or through joint ventures. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding MRK? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Merck & Co., Inc. (NYSE:MRK). Receive News & Ratings for Merck & Co. Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Merck & Co. Inc. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News World Leaders Very Critical of Paris Agreement Decision by Trump Aide to President Trump Resigns With More Expected Scud-Class Missile Launched by North Korea Travel Ban Dealt Another Blow by Appeals Court President Trump Welcomed by Pope Francis at Vatican © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Xconomy Xperience EXOME National Regions Channels Events Xconomy Awards • Enter Now → EXOME all the information, none of the junk | biotech • healthcare • life sciences Want EXOME sent to you daily? Meet the Contributors → Precision Steps: Can Loxo Drug Help Broaden Use of Cancer DNA Tests? Ben Fidler June 3rd, 2017 @benthefidler @xconomy Like Us Xconomy National —  When the FDA last week approved Merck’s cancer drug pembrolizuamb (Keytruda) for tumors with a specific genetic signature, regardless of what body part they originated in, it was a watershed moment for oncology and a victory for the concept of precision medicine. But Merck isn’t alone; others are following suit with similar plans, and their progress is worth watching. One of the closest to the finish line is a four-year-old company named Loxo Oncology. Cancer experts believe that the data the company is presenting this morning at the American Society of Clinical Oncology not only demonstrate the potential of one promising new drug, but also represent another step forward for targeted cancer drugs as a class, which could in turn spur broader adoption of cancer genetic tests. “We’re at a time where we’re realizing the potential of personalized medicine,” says Sumanta Pal, a medical oncologist at City of Hope in Duarte, CA, who isn’t associated with Merck or Loxo. “I truly feel that the data that’s emerged [from Merck and Loxo] are really going to drive increased utilization of genomic testing, and in many cases, I think that’s entirely appropriate.” Loxo (NASDAQ: LOXO), of Stamford, CT, and South San Francisco, CA, reports this morning that 78 percent of the 55 total patients in three separate clinical trials of its drug, larotrectinib, have responded to treatment, meaning their tumors at least partially shrunk. What makes those numbers particularly significant is Loxo enrolled patients with 17 different types of cancer—among them kidney, bladder, stomach, and lung—and found consistent results, according to CEO Josh Bilenker. These studies, called “basket” trials, took on patients with different cancers that share one important commonality: a genetic alteration known as a TRK fusion that Loxo’s drug is designed to target. The abnormality is present in 0.5 percent to 1 percent of solid tumors, he says. “Simply put, larotrectinib is highly effective in patients with TRK fusions regardless of cancer type, and that’s a statement that really until recently we haven’t been able to make about any cancer therapy,” says David Hyman, a medical oncologist at Memorial Sloan Kettering Cancer Center and the principal investigator in the trials. The most common side effects seen were dizziness, nausea, and fatigue. Though seven patients had their dose lowered because of side effects, none stopped treatment, which Hyman called “incredibly unusual” for a cancer drug trial. The idea of targeted cancer therapies isn’t new. Drugs like imatinib (Gleevec), trastuzumab (Herceptin), vemurafenib (Zelboraf), and crizotinib (Xalkori) were approved many years ago for patients who have a particular type of cancer—lung cancer for crizotinib, for instance—and test positive for a specific molecular marker, like a genetic mutation or overexpression of a particular protein. These drugs have made it common practice for, say, melanoma patients to get tested for a BRAF mutation (the target of vemurafenib), or breast cancer patients to be tested for expression of the HER2 protein (trastuzumab), and were thus important steps forward for targeted cancer medicines. Now better, cheaper sequencing technologies, more insight into tumor genetics, and creative clinical trial designs are leading to more efforts to try to see if these and other molecular signatures can impact many cancers, not just a few. In 2015, for example, researchers conducted a basket study of the melanoma drug vemurafenib in a variety of cancers. Earlier this year, Hyman was an investigator in a basket trial testing the experimental Puma Biotechnology (NASDAQ: PUMA) drug neratinib, which is currently under an FDA review for HER2-positive breast cancer patients. Both studies produced mixed results, but there are others ongoing, like the 30-arm NCI-Match trial that began in 2015 that includes patients with lymphomas, solid tumors, and myelomas. And like Loxo, San Diego, CA-based Ignyta (NASDAQ: RXDX) is aiming for a tissue-agnostic approval of a drug, entrectinib, though its drug targets both TRK fusions and other mutations. “If the biology supports a tumor-agnostic approach,” says Hyman, “then I think you’re going to be seeing more and more companies and investigators that are willing to take that risk and actually engage in this newer paradigm of drug development.” Based on the data it already has in hand, Loxo aims to … Next Page » Single PageCurrently on Page: 1 2 Ben Fidler is Xconomy's Deputy Biotechnology Editor. You can e-mail him at bfidler@xconomy.com Follow @benthefidler Share on Facebook Share on Twitter LinkedIn Email Reprints More from EXOME In Maine, Making Cancer DNA Tests Free—And Asking Tough Questions Immunotherapy Clinical Tests Spur Hope, and Plenty of Headaches FDA: Keytruda Now OK For Some Patients With Untreated Lung Cancer Trending on Xconomy On ASCO’s Eve, Experts Fret Over Backlash to Cancer Combo Frenzy As Big Cancer Trials Ramp Up, Grail Goes Global, Merges With Cirina Cord Cutting: How to Get High-Speed Internet Service Without Cable X Xconomy IMPACT So many companies want to "change the world," but how do you build something that makes a real difference? Find out what Boston companies are making an impact on society on June 22! June 22, 2017 Register Now! Underwriters and Partners From Our Advertisers National search for the best medical device start-up Applications NOW open for TMCx Medical Device Accelerator. TMC Innovation The Feed Tweets from https://twitter.com/Xconomy/lists/lifesci Home Privacy/DMCA Security Disclosures About Contact Us Archives Advertise Subscribe for Free Business, life sciences, and technology news — covering Boston, Seattle, San Diego, Detroit/Ann Arbor, San Francisco, New York, Raleigh-Durham, Boulder/Denver, Texas, Wisconsin, Indiana, and beyond. © 2007-2017, Xconomy, Inc. Xconomy is a registered service mark of Xconomy, Inc. All rights reserved. Website development support from Andrew Koyfman with design support from Rob Hunter.
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 3 June 2017 by Maciej Heyman Combination of Epacadostat plus Keytruda® (pembrolizumab) Demonstrates Activity in Clinical Trial of Patients with Advanced Non-Small Cell Lung Cancer (NSCLC) WILMINGTON, Del.–(BUSINESS WIRE)–Incyte Corporation (NASDAQ:INCY) today announced updated data from the advanced non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC) patient cohort of the ongoing Phase 1/2 ECHO-202 trial, evaluating epacadostat, Incyte’s selective IDO1 enzyme inhibitor, in combination with pembrolizumab (Keytruda®), an anti-PD-1 therapy marketed by Merck & Co., Inc., Kenilworth, NJ USA (known as MSD outside the United States and Canada). Data showed an overall response rate (ORR) of 35 percent (n=14/40) among all patients with advanced squamous and non-squamous NSCLC treated with the combination of epacadostat and pembrolizumab, irrespective of PD-L1 status. Findings will be highlighted in a poster discussion at the 2017 American Society of Clinical Oncology (ASCO) Annual Meeting in Chicago on Saturday, June 3, from 3:00 pm to 4:15 p.m. CDT (Location: Hall D2) (Abstracts #9014). “These updated data suggest that the combination of epacadostat and pembrolizumab has promise for patients with advanced NSCLC, irrespective of PD-L1 status,” said ECHO-202 study investigator Tara Gangadhar, M.D., Assistant Professor of Medicine, Perelman School of Medicine at the Hospital of the University of Pennsylvania. “The results show a clinical benefit for patients with advanced lung cancer and establish a strong basis for progressing this novel, investigational immunotherapy combination into pivotal studies for the first-line treatment of these patients.” Key Findings from the ECHO-202 NSCLC Cohort Data at ASCO (as of February 27, 2017) show an ORR of 35 percent (n=14/40) among all patients with advanced NSCLC treated with the combination of epacadostat and pembrolizumab, with a complete response (CR) in two patients (5%) and partial response (PR) in 12 patients (30%). The data show a disease control rate (DCR) of 63 percent (n=25/40), with 71 percent (n=10/14) of responses ongoing at the time of the data cut-off (duration of response, range: 8.9 to 76.6+ weeks). Responses were observed in patients with high levels of PD-L1 expression [tumor proportion score (TPS) ≥50%], as well as in those patients with lower levels of PD-L1 expression (TPS of less than 50%). All responses were observed in the subgroup of patients with zero to two prior lines of therapy for advanced disease. ECHO-202 Overall Response Rates (ORR), Disease Control Rates (DCR) and Durability of Response (DoR) in Advanced NSCLC n/N (%)   All pts   0-2 prior lines of therapy for advanced disease   Total   Total   TPS ≥50%*   TPS <50%* ORR n=14/40 (35)   n=14/36 (39)   n=3/7 (43)   n=6/18 (33)   2 CR (5) 12 PR (30)   2 CR (6) 12 PR (33)   all PR   1 CR (6) 5 PR (28) DCR   n=25/40 (63)   n=23/36 (64)   n=4/7 (57)   n=10/18 (56) DoR   10/14 responses ongoing Median (range) duration of response: 26.9+ (8.9 to 76.6+) weeks *Note: PD-L1 status was not available for 11 of the 36 patients. Among patients treated with pembrolizumab in combination with epacadostat ≥100 mg twice daily, the ORR was 40 percent (n=14/35). The most common treatment-related adverse events (TRAEs) for epacadostat plus pembrolizumab included fatigue (28%), arthralgia (17%), nausea (14%), decreased appetite (10%), pruritus (10%), and rash (10%). Grade ≥3 TRAEs that occurred in >1 patient were limited to lipase increased (n=3), fatigue (n=2), and rash (n=2). TRAEs led to discontinuation of treatment in 5 percent of study patients. The safety profile was consistent with previously reported Phase 1 findings, as well as the Phase 1/2 safety results in other tumor cohorts and pooled safety data from this study. In general, the safety profile of the combination was also consistent with pembrolizumab monotherapy. About ECHO-202 (KEYNOTE-037) The ECHO-202 study (NCT02178722) is evaluating the safety and efficacy of epacadostat, Incyte’s selective IDO1 inhibitor, in combination with pembrolizumab (Keytruda). Patients previously treated with anti-PD-1 or anti-CTLA-4 therapies were excluded from this trial. Enrollment is complete for the Phase 1 dose escalation (epacadostat 25, 50, 100 mg BID + pembrolizumab 2 mg/kg IV Q3W and epacadostat 300 mg BID + pembrolizumab 200 mg IV Q3W) and Phase 1 dose expansion (epacadostat 50, 100, and 300 mg BID + pembrolizumab 200 mg IV Q3W) portions of the trial. For more information about ECHO-202, visit https://clinicaltrials.gov/ct2/show/NCT02178722. About ECHO The ECHO clinical trial program was established to investigate the efficacy and safety of epacadostat as a core component of combination therapy in oncology. Ongoing Phase 1 and Phase 2 studies evaluating epacadostat in combination with PD-1 and PD-L1 inhibitors collectively plan to enroll over 900 patients in a broad range of solid tumor types as well as hematological malignancies. ECHO-301 (NCT02752074), a Phase 3 randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled study investigating pembrolizumab (Keytruda) in combination with epacadostat or placebo for the treatment of patients with unresectable or metastatic melanoma, is also underway. For more information about the ECHO clinical trial program, visit www.ECHOClinicalTrials.com. About Epacadostat (INCB024360) Indoleamine 2,3-dioxygenase 1 (IDO1) is a key immunosuppressive enzyme that modulates the anti-tumor immune response by promoting regulatory T cell generation and blocking effector T cell activation, thereby facilitating tumor growth by allowing cancer cells to avoid immune surveillance. Epacadostat is an investigational, highly potent and selective oral inhibitor of the IDO1 enzyme that regulates the tumor immune microenvironment, thereby restoring effective anti-tumor immune responses. In single-arm studies, the combination of epacadostat and immune checkpoint inhibitors has shown proof-of-concept in patients with unresectable or metastatic melanoma. In these studies, epacadostat combined with the CTLA-4 inhibitor ipilimumab or the PD-1 inhibitor KEYTRUDA improved response rates compared with studies of the immune checkpoint inhibitors alone. About Incyte Incyte Corporation is a Wilmington, Delaware-based biopharmaceutical company focused on the discovery, development and commercialization of proprietary therapeutics. For additional information on Incyte, please visit the Company’s website at www.incyte.com. Follow @Incyte on Twitter at https://twitter.com/Incyte. Forward-Looking Statement of Incyte Corporation Except for the historical information set forth herein, the matters set forth in this press release, including statements regarding the presentation of updated ECHO-202 data at ASCO, whether epacadostat and pembrolizumab may be an effective and safe treatment for NSCLC patients, and the planned pivotal trials of epacadostat in combination with pembrolizumab, contain predictions, estimates and other forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements are based on the Company’s current expectations and subject to risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results to differ materially, including unanticipated developments and the risks related to the efficacy or safety of the Company’s development pipeline, the results of further research and development, the high degree of risk and uncertainty associated with drug development, clinical trials and regulatory approval processes, other market or economic factors and competitive and technological advances; and other risks detailed from time to time in the Company’s reports filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission, including its Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2017. Incyte disclaims any intent or obligation to update these forward-looking statements. KEYTRUDA® is a registered trademark of Merck Sharp & Dohme Corp., a subsidiary of Merck & Co., Inc., Kenilworth, NJ USA CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Opdivo (nivolumab) in Combination with Yervoy (ipilimumab) Demonstrated Promising Activity in Previously Treated Patients with dMMR or MSI-H Metastatic Colorectal Cancer in Phase 2 CheckMate -142 Study Next PostNext ArQule Presents Phase 1/2 Clinical Data with ARQ 087 in Intrahepatic Cholangiocarcinoma at the 2017 American Society of Clinical Oncology (ASCO) Annual Meeting Search Recent Posts Wonder Woman In 3D Crushed The Box Office With Approximately 43% Of Estimated $223 Million Worldwide In 3D Ticket Sales CAIR-Columbus to Seek Hate Crime Probe, Arrest of Suspect Following Beating of Ohio Muslim Woman Halozyme Phase 2 Data In Advanced Pancreas Cancer Featured In An Oral Presentation At ASCO Foreign Language Courses to Begin: Chinese, German, Japanese, Tagalog Saori Erickson Senior Recital Business Directory Business Contacts Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Proudly powered by WordPress
You are the owner of this article. Edit Article Add New Article Sign Up Log In Dashboard Logout My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout Subscribe Customer service Subscriber services Contact us E-edition Contests Apps Newsletters Obits Post-Dispatch Archives News Columnists Law and order Education Databases Obits Political Fix National politics Nation Illinois Metro St. Charles Weather City crime tracker Public salary database Sports Cardinals Blues Mizzou SLU NFL Golf Soccer Forums Columnists Chats Opinion Letters to the editor Columnists Business Top Workplaces PR Columnists High schools Schedules Schools Sports Stats Go! Entertainment Books Calendar Comics & games Dining Music Movies Television Theater & arts Columnists STL 100: Best restaurants Lifestyles Advice Automotive Fashion Food and cooking Drink Health Home and Garden Parenting Religion Travel St. Louis Post-Dispatch columnists Feast Magazine St. Louis' Best Bridal Ladue News Multimedia Photos Videos Chats Forums Buy/Sell Classifieds Real estate Business Directory Print ads Newspaper ads Page reprints Weekly Ads Autos Jobs Homes Toggle navigation Menu Search Search Log In Using Your Account Log In Don't have an account? Sign Up Today My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout 73° Saint Louis, MO (63101) Today Thunderstorms early. Tonight Thunderstorms during the evening will give way to cloudy skies after midnight. Low 69F. Winds light and variable. Chance of rain 80%. Updated: June 4, 2017 @ 10:53 pm Full Forecast News Sports Business Go! Life Buy/Sell Along for the Ride A blog and weekly column about transportation in the St. Louis area that takes a closer look at how we get around. Close J.B. Forbes • jforbes@post-dispatch.com A view of St. Louis Lambert International Airport on Thursday, August 4, 2016. Photo by J.B. Forbes, jforbes@post-dispatch.com top story Lambert trying to lure European flights with help of St. Louis County Port Authority By Mark Schlinkmann St. Louis Post-Dispatch Mark Schlinkmann 7 hrs ago (…) J.B. Forbes • jforbes@post-dispatch.com A view of St. Louis Lambert International Airport on Thursday, August 4, 2016. Photo by J.B. Forbes, jforbes@post-dispatch.com Ever since American Airlines ended regular flights from St. Louis to London in 2003, area leaders have tried unsuccessfully to re-establish a direct air link to Europe. The latest such effort is getting a financial shot in the arm from the St. Louis County Port Authority. The authority — part of the city-county St. Louis Economic Development Partnership — has voted to provide major funding for marketing incentives to persuade an airline to start transatlantic service. The incentives could exceed $1 million over several years. The subsidy could be used to help promote and advertise the new service. “The partnership recognizes the importance of this flight to the business community in St. Louis, and we’re working hard to assist in any way we can to bring that flight,” said Sheila Sweeney, the partnership’s CEO. Brian Kinsey, St. Louis Lambert International Airport’s assistant director of marketing and business development, said London and Frankfurt, Germany, are among the logical possibilties. One big German company, Merck KgaA, bought St. Louis’ Sigma-Aldrich in late 2015 and another, Bayer AG, is in the process of buying another local fixture, Monsanto Co. So demand for flights to and from Germany could increase. Kinsey added that there are some major air carriers in Europe looking to establish further connections in the United States. Local officials didn’t get more specific in discussing what Lambert might be in the running for currently. As recently as last October, then-Mayor Francis Slay was in England making a pitch to British Airways in hopes of snagging direct London-St. Louis service. A few years earlier, Lambert lost out to Austin, Texas, in an effort to get a British Airways link to London. There also has been talk in recent years about luring German-based Lufthansa to fly here. Lambert offers daily flights to Cancun, Mexico, on Frontier Airlines and to Toronto on Air Canada. Southwest Airlines begins once-a-week flights to Cancun in November. There also are various charter flights to the Caribbean. This isn’t the port authority’s first effort to aid the airport. In 2012 it committed $3 million to help Lambert try to attract Chinese and other international air cargo flights. The port authority, which gets at least $4 million a year in rent from River City Casino in Lemay, also has funded a wide range of other development-related projects across the county in recent years. Not quite a U-turn Beginning Thursday, motorists using oft-congested Highway 141 in Valley Park will come across a new type of left turn called a thrU-turn. The Missouri Department of Transportation says drivers on northbound 141 turning left at Vance Road and on southbound 141 turning left at Marshall Road no longer will be able to do so directly at those intersections. Instead, they’ll have to drive through and beyond them to a new signalized U-turn location a few hundred feet away. When the light allows, they’ll turn left, drive across the other side of 141, make a U-turn on a small stretch of pavement, backtrack along 141 and then go right on Vance or Marshall. The new turns also will be used by northbound 141 motorists wanting to go left at Meramec Station Road and southbound 141 drivers going left at Forest Avenue. Karen Yeomans, a MoDOT area engineer for southwest St. Louis County, said the goal is to reduce congestion, which she said is especially bad during rush-hour periods. She said that’s partly because MoDOT can’t lengthen 141 left turn lanes at Vance or Marshall because of a railroad bridge between those two streets. “During morning and evening rush, those drivers quickly fill up the available left turn space and then block the lanes for drivers that want to go through,” she said. “These new turns should help reduce that backup.” She said this is the first time MoDOT has set up such turns anywhere in Missouri although they have been used in some other states. MoDOT said the changes are part of overall improvements underway along that stretch of 141 that won’t be complete until the summer of next year. Go to MoDOT for more information. Multimedia Driving through a ThrU Turn 6 hrs ago (…) Tags St. Louis Lambert International Airport St. Louis County Port Authority Highway St. Louis Economics Motor Vehicle Partnership Transports Mark Schlinkmann Mark Schlinkmann is a reporter for the St. Louis Post-Dispatch. Follow Mark Schlinkmann Close Get email notifications on Mark Schlinkmann daily! Your notification has been saved. There was a problem saving your notification. Whenever Mark Schlinkmann posts new content, you'll get an email delivered to your inbox with a link. Email notifications are only sent once a day, and only if there are new matching items. Save Manage followed notifications Follow Mark Schlinkmann Close Followed notifications Please log in to use this feature Log In Don't have an account? Sign Up Today View (…) comments Most popular Conflicting information on 7-year-old injured in St. Louis shooting Interim St. Louis chief on violence: 'This has got to stop' Body of teen who disappeared while swimming in the Big River has been found, police say McClellan: Ex-cop's dream has been a long time coming Three fatally shot and one wounded in north St. Louis Latest in section Lambert trying to lure European flights with help of St. Louis County Port Authority Stretch of Hwy. N to shut down Thursday for 2 months Taxi agency trims fees, loosens rules to help St. Louis cabs compete with Uber, Lyft I-70 as a toll road? Opponents want to kill the idea – for good Lengthy eastbound lane closures begin Wednesday on Poplar Street Bridge Quick links Traffic map Get your daily dose of community. Congratulate yourself or surprise relatives by sharing an anniversary announcement — free of charge! Manage your services See ads from today's newspaper Feast Magazine Ladue News St. Louis' Best Bridal STL High School Sports Products and features Apps Archives Calendar Chats Comics & games Contests E-edition Forums Newsletters Our events Press releases Online Features Tools and services Advertise with us Autos Celebrations Classifieds Contact us Homes Jobs Newspapers in Education Page reprints Post-Dispatch store Site help Subscriber services Today's Deal © Copyright 2017 STLtoday.com, 900 N. Tucker Blvd. St. Louis, MO | Terms of Use | Privacy Policy Powered by BLOX Content Management System from TownNews.com.
My News Personalise your news feed by choosing your favourite topics of interest Get Started No Thanks Create your own newsfeed Choose 3 or more topics that you want to see. Irish News Politics International Opinion Living Family Technology Business GAA Soccer Rugby MMA Watercooler Going Out Screens Quizzes Change Generation Create my newsfeed   TheJournal.ie uses cookies. By continuing to browse this site you are agreeing to our use of cookies. Click here to find out more » Business ETC The42 The Daily Edge Search site Search Dublin: 13 °C Monday 5 June, 2017 Advertisement Homepage Irish Politics International Voices Family Culture Tech Business My Feed RSS Tags Prime Numbers Twin week in numbers See other tags Tags How much profit did Ryanair make last year? It's the week in numbers Plus: How many hotel rooms are planned for Dublin over the next two years? By Cormac Fitzgerald Saturday 3 Jun 2017, 7:00 PM Sat 7:00 PM 13,632 Views 13 Comments http://jrnl.ie/3416161 Share Tweet Email Image: DPA/PA Images Image: DPA/PA Images EVERY WEEK, TheJournal.ie offers a selection of statistics and numerical nuggets to help you digest the week that has just passed. 330: The number of jobs announced in Carlow and Cork at pharmaceutical firm MSD. 83: The age of former Panama dictator Manuel Antonio Noriega before his death was announced this week. 29%: The percentage of shallow water corals destroyed in 2016, as the Great Barrier Reef is being destroyed faster than expected. €4,000: The reward animal activists have put up for anyone willing to come forward with information on the identities of the men filmed dancing around student accommodation with what appears to be a dead dolphin. 3,500: The number of new hotel rooms planned for Dublin over the next two years. 25%: The percentage of shares of AIB that the Government is planning to sell off. €1.3 billion: The profit posted by Ryanair in the financial year ended 31 March 2017. 21%: The percentage of female non-consultant hospital doctors (NCHDs) who reported having experienced sexual harassment in their workplace over the past two years. 905: The number of alcohol-related incidents registered on the roads in April alone. 100: The number of years ago that the JRR Tolkien story Beren and Lúthien was written, which went on sale this week. Read: Like our weekly numerical breakdown? Check out more > Get breaking news from TheJournal.ie via Facebook. Just click Like. Short URL Tweet this Share on Facebook Email this article   About the author: About the author Cormac Fitzgerald @cormfitz cormac@thejournal.ie See more articles by Cormac Fitzgerald Contribute to this story: Leave a Comment Send a Photo / Video Send a Tip Send a Correction Read next: Embed this post To embed this post, copy the code below on your site 600px wide <iframe width="600" height="460" frameborder="0" style="border:0px;" src="http://www.thejournal.ie/http://www.thejournal.ie/week-in-numbers-152-3416161-Jun2017/?embedpost=3416161&width=600&height=460" ></iframe> 400px wide <iframe width="600" height="460" frameborder="0" style="border:0px;" src="http://www.thejournal.ie/http://www.thejournal.ie/week-in-numbers-152-3416161-Jun2017/?embedpost=3416161&width=400&height=460" ></iframe> 300px wide <iframe width="600" height="460" frameborder="0" style="border:0px;" src="http://www.thejournal.ie/http://www.thejournal.ie/week-in-numbers-152-3416161-Jun2017/?embedpost=3416161&width=300&height=460" ></iframe> Email “How much profit did Ryanair make last year? It's the week in numbers ”. Your Email Recipient's Email Submit Feedback on “How much profit did Ryanair make last year? It's the week in numbers ”. Your Feedback Your Email (optional) Submit Report a Comment Please select the reason for reporting this comment. Please select your reason for reporting... You don't like this comment, or you disagree with this commenter It contains offensive language, is hateful or incites violence It contains a libelous/defamatory statement Some other reason... Please give full details of the problem with the comment... Your Email Submit COMMENTS (13) This is YOUR comments community. Stay civil, stay constructive, stay on topic. Please familiarise yourself with our comments policy here before taking part. write a comment Leave a commentcancel Log in with: Facebook Twitter Log out Logged in with Share Comment on Facebook or Twitter Notify me of followup comments via e-mail Post Comment Read Next: Download our app Trending Opinions 'I used to hold everything back. My shyness triggered depression and nearly killed me' Brian Strahan For some people, shyness can lead to social anxiety and crippling depression, writes Brian Strahan. Opinion: 'I’ve never seen hunger and despair like I saw last week in Kenya' David O'Hare With severe drought gripping many parts of East Africa, millions of people are facing starvation in the coming months, writes David O’Hare. 'Neutrality and pluralism are not particularly good reasons for taking God out of our Constitution' Dr Thomas Finegan There are certainly very strong philosophical reasons for accepting at least the existence of God, writes Dr Thomas Finegan. Most Popular Today 1 21 of the 48 injured in the London attack are critical 191,913  316 2 Armed Garda support units to monitor Ireland's major cities from tonight 101,963  204 3 Charlie Flanagan says attack in Ireland is 'unlikely' and gardaí are 'fully in control of situation' 96,522  227 1 Despite a six-month storm of criticism, Aer Lingus stands by its new frequent flyer scheme 3,710  0 2 Without a truly iconic tourist attraction, Ireland banks on billion-euro 'encounters with locals' 184  0 3 'In Ireland, large firms often view startups with a mix of fear and intrigue' 50  0 1 As it happened: Clare v Limerick, Munster hurling championship semi-final 51,343  3 2 As it happened: Ireland v Uruguay, international friendly 43,893  17 3 As it happened: Ireland v Scotland, U20 Rugby World Championships 38,406  7 1 A photo of a man being evacuated in London last night and refusing to leave his pint behind has taken over Twitter 8,980  1 2 Everyone was talking about The Black Eyed Peas and their deeply cringey Champions League performance 7,448  6 3 15 old school baby names that need to make a comeback in 2017 7,318  11 Trending Tags PLANNING Diageo gets the go-ahead to build €25 million whiskey distillery in Dublin city A €3.8 million co-operative housing scheme built on former ghost estate opens in Galway today Simon Coveney thinks Ireland should go high-rise 'in the right places' PLOUGHING This little Tipp lad's hurling rap was the highlight of the Ploughing yesterday This little Tipp lad's hurling rap was the highlight of the Ploughing yesterday How Marty Morrissey and his cardboard cut-out own the Ploughing GARDAí Teen arrested after trying to hijack ambulance Man in his 20s dies in early-morning crash in Mayo 'Why had no one written about them?': 21 gardaí killed during Irish Free State have their stories told DUBLIN Bernie Sanders brought his 'resistance' message to Dublin (after stopping by the Áras) Two men due before in court after explosives seized in Dublin on Friday 55-year-old man arrested over explosives seized in Dublin on Friday POLICE 21 of the 48 injured in the London attack are critical Police arrest 18th person in connection with Manchester bombing Another man arrested in connection with 'brutal and senseless' murder of Colin Horner ARREST 17-year-old arrested after woman in her 30s reported being sexually assaulted Police arrest 24-year-old man in connection with Manchester bombing Man and woman injured in early-morning stabbing ∞ About Us About Us We're Hiring! Contact Us Advertise With Us Tech Blog Follow Us Twitter Facebook Corrections Report Content Policies Terms of Use Privacy Cookies Advertising Comments Copyright Competition Content copyright © Journal Media Ltd. 2017 Registered in Dublin, registration number: 483623. Registered office: 3rd floor, Latin Hall, Golden Lane, Dublin 8. TheJournal.ie is a full participating member of the Press Council of Ireland and supports the Office of the Press Ombudsman. This scheme in addition to defending the freedom of the press, offers readers a quick, fair and free method of dealing with complaints that they may have in relation to articles that appear on our pages. To contact the Office of the Press Ombudsman Lo-Call 1890 208 080 or go to www.pressombudsman.ie or www.presscouncil.ie Please note that TheJournal.ie uses cookies to improve your experience and to provide services and advertising. For more information on cookies please refer to our cookies policy. News images provided by Press Association and Photocall Ireland unless otherwise stated. Irish sport images provided by Inpho Photography unless otherwise stated. Wire service provided by Associated Press. Journal Media does not control and is not responsible for user created content, posts, comments, submissions or preferences. Users are reminded that they are fully responsible for their own created content and their own posts, comments and submissions and fully and effectively warrant and indemnify Journal Media in relation to such content and their ability to make such content, posts, comments and submissions available. Journal Media does not control and is not responsible for the content of external websites. Switch to Mobile Site | Night mode Sites: TheJournal.ie | BusinessETC.ie | The42 | DailyEdge.ie | Boards.ie | Adverts.ie | Daft.ie Blow the whistle or share a story Upload an image Upload an image cancel Add an image URL cancel Upload a video | Add YouTube video Upload a video cancel YouTube Address (URL): cancel Your email (optional) Submit Alternatively, you can email us at: tips@thejournal.ie Please log in to comment Please log in with facebook to become a fan Please log in RSS feeds available here: TheJournal.ie Latest News Feed How much profit did Ryanair make last year? It's the week in numbers Comments Report an error, omission or problem: Message: Your Email (optional) Submit Create Email Alert Create an email alert based on the current article Email Address One email every morning As soon as new articles come online Submit TheJournal.ie Facebook Edition Share stories with your friends and family easily Comment without having to login More features coming soon...
Indiatimes|The Times of India|The Economic Times : HI, My Times LOGOUTSign In Business More Beauty Pageants Photos Videos More Fashion Specials Debate Photos Videos Platinum Times of India More HomeHome Videos City India World Business Tech Cricket Sports Entertainment TV Life & Style Photos Live TV TIMES NEWS - RADIO Modi Government Elections 2017 Delhi MCD 2017 Brandwire Yearender 2016 Good Governance Business India Business International Business Photos Videos PSUs Sectors Sectors Agriculture Aviation Corporate Economy Energy Markets Personal Finance Real Estate Services Telecom Tax Calculator Small Business More ALL News » Business » International Business News » Loxo's targeted drug helps variety of advanced cancers in small study Facebook posts $3 bn profit in Q1 H-1B effect: Infosys to hire 10,000 US workers Jio complementary offer not in sync with regulations: Trai SpiceJet 2nd most valued Indian airline Cash withdrawal limits to go from March 13: RBI PM Modi launches digital payments app BHIM IndusInd Q4 net profit up 21% Repo rate unchanged Infosys CEO defends COO's pay Murthy slams Infy COO pay hike Kotak approves fund raising CCI rejects Bayer-Monsanto deal Loxo's targeted drug helps variety of advanced cancers in small study HEALTH-CANCER/LOXO ONCOLOGY (EMBARGOED):Loxo's targeted drug helps variety of advanced cancers in small studyReuters | Jun 3, 2017, 05.00 PM IST By Bill Berkrot June 3 (Reuters) - Three quarters of patients with a wide variety of advanced cancers responded to a Loxo Oncology Inc therapy that targets a specific genetic defect, according to data from a small study presented on Saturday at the year's most important oncology meeting. The drug, larotrectinib, directly targets an acquired rather than inherited genetic defect called TRK fusions. In such patients, TRK genes abnormally attach to other genes, triggering accelerated cancer cell growth. If approved, the oral therapy would mark a major step toward treatment based on a patient's or the cancer's genetic traits rather than whether the disease originated in the lung, breast or elsewhere. "What we're seeing here is the original promise of precision medicine," said Dr. David Hyman, chief of early drug development at Memorial Sloan Kettering Cancer Center in New York who led the study. Merck & Co's immunotherapy Keytruda last month became the first cancer drug to win U.S. approval based on specific genetic biomarkers regardless of the site of the original tumor. The Loxo-funded larotrectinib study followed 50 TRK fusion-positive patients with more than a dozen different types of advanced cancer, including lung, pancreatic, breast and colon. Seventy-six percent of patients experienced significant tumor shrinkage, including complete remission in 12 percent. "This is a real breakthrough," said Hyman, who presented the data at the American Society of Clinical Oncology meeting in Chicago. He said the response rate exceeded expectations. "These are people who had no hope by and large." Researchers have yet to determine other key benchmarks of performance, including median overall survival, progression-free survival or duration of response as most patients were still alive and responding after one year. Nearly all responders remained on the drug or received potentially curative surgery, with the longest ongoing response out to 25 months so far. Loxo expects to apply late this year or early next for U.S. approval. The Food and Drug Administration granted larotrectinib its breakthrough designation, given to medicines it deems potentially important advances in serious diseases. Up to 5,000 U.S. patients a year are diagnosed with the TRK defect, but Hyman said there could be more if testing becomes more common. Comprehensive genetic testing can detect TRK fusion and more specific tests are being developed. Pediatric patients in the trial had a type of cancer called infantile fibrosarcoma, a disease with a high rate of TRK fusion. In some cases it can be cured with amputations or other disfiguring surgeries. Researchers found that after treatment with larotrectinib, less radical limb-sparing surgery may be an option. They were particularly struck by the drug's lack of toxicity. No patients discontinued treatment due to side effects. "This is a safety profile that feels to me more like a drug for a chronic medical condition like high blood pressure than a cancer therapy," Hyman said. (Reporting by Bill Berkrot; Editing by Marguerita Choy) Stay updated on the go with Times of India News App. Click here to download it for your device. (This story has not been edited by timesofindia.com and is auto–generated from a syndicated feed we subscribe to.) RELATED From around the web Check Out Unbelievable List of Safest 2017 Minivans Minivans - Sponsored Ads Top 55+ Senior Living Apartments in Germantown Luxury Senior Apartments - Sponsored Ads 5 Meal Kits that Will Help You Lose Weight MyHealthyMeals More from The Times of India Mysskin: K Bhagyaraj in Mysskin’s film - Times of India 12 arrested in London attack case Varun Dhawan defends Priyanka Chopra over dress row From the Web More From The Times of India Best Crossover SUV for 2017. Don't Buy Until You See These..New Crossover Cars | Sponsored Ads She Is Considered The Most Beautiful Woman In Her CountryLivingly Lifestyle Factors That Can Cause EDWebMD Don't Buy Furniture Until You See This SiteWayfair 24 Best Calorie-Burning ExercisesMSN Indian junkies' ande ka funda - Times of India Japan offers soft loan for bullet trains - Times of India Top 10 sources of omega-3 fatty acids - The Times of India Indian-American jailed for $33 million fraud in US Indian-origin Cornell University student found dead in US ViewcommentsPost a comment All Comments ()+^ Back to Top Characters Remaining: 3000 Continue without login or Login from existing accountFacebookGoogleEmail Share on FacebookShare on Twitter Refrain from posting comments that are obscene, defamatory or inflammatory, and do not indulge in personal attacks, name calling or inciting hatred against any community. Help us delete comments that do not follow these guidelines by marking them offensive. Let's work together to keep the conversation civil. HIDE+ All CommentsYour Activity SortUpVotedNewestOldestDiscussedDown Voted Be the first one to review. We have sent you a verification email. To verify, just follow the link in the message Subscribe today! Join Our newsletter Follow Us@timesofindia From around the Web Find a State Farm® agent near you! State Farm Insurance Buy spacious 3 bed apartments in Bengaluru SOBHA How the Scientific Applications of Baseball are being Taug.. GEMS World Academy Chicago More From The Times of India Aman Verma's wedding postponed - Times of India 'Aankhein 2' to have its mahurat today - Times of India 5 interesting facts about Saffron ​ Most Popular Bihar board 'topper' Ganesh Kumar arrested, his result cancelled Security agencies gear up to fight 'bedroom jihadis' in Kashmir SBI ATM, online, cash transaction fees change from June 1: All you need to know Ravi Narain steps down as NSE vice chairman Ravi Narain, one of the founding members of National Stock Exchange has stepped down from the board of the exchange with immediate effect. Sensex, Nifty close at fresh record highs Riding on the back of strong global markets and an early onset of monsoon, Sensex and Nifty continued to trade bullish and both the indices closed at fresh highs on Friday after a four day-consolidation. Read MoreThe Food and Drug AdministrationReutersNew YorkMerck & CoMemorial Sloan Kettering Cancer Center Navbharat Times Featured Today In Travel From our Global Partners Study shows early Zytiga use improves prostate cancer survival Banco Popular head tells staff to stay calm, source says ECB meet planned Pregnancy after breast cancer doesn't raise recurrence risk-study 1Loxo's targeted drug helps variety of advanced cancers in small study 2Study shows early Zytiga use improves prostate cancer survival 3Banco Popular head tells staff to stay calm, source says ECB meet planned 4Pregnancy after breast cancer doesn't raise recurrence risk-study Other Times Group news sites The Economic Times Mumbai Mirror IGN India Hindi Econimic Times Times Now I am Gujarat Pune Mirror Tamil Samayam Bangalore Mirror Maharashtra Times Telugu Samayam Ahmedabad Mirror Go Green Miss Kyra ItsMyAscent Lifehacker India Hindi News Education Times Gizmodo India FILMIPOP Hindi Brand Capital Eisamay Indiatimes Gujarati Econimic Times Vijaya Karnataka Malayalam Samayam Times Food Living and entertainment iDiva MensXP.com Femina Entertainment Grazia Zoom Travel Destinations Filmipop Luxpresso Smartapp Bombay Times Cricbuzz.com Filmfare Online Songs top trends SA vs SL Live Score Paris Climate Agreement Champions Trophy 2017 Paris agreement Manila shooting Nissan Micra 2017 CBSE Class 10 Result Ramachandra Guha Philippines ICC CT Schedule Sensex Manila shooting Sopore encounter PM Modi Angela Merkel services Ads 2 Book Bank Exam App iTimes Entertainment App ET Money Finance App Coupon Duniya Dineout Mobile Recharge Magic Bricks Techgig Times Jobs Bollywood News Times Mobile Zigwheels Remit 2 India TC Next Bikes in India Used Cars Astro Speak Simply Marry GadgetsNow itimes Popular Categories Headlines Sports News Business News India News World News Bollywood News Health & Fitness Tips Indian TV Shows Celebrity Photos hot on the web ICC Champions Trophy Dark Circles How to Get Pregnant Ramadan Fasting Rules Sunny Leone Photos XXX Photos Weight Loss Tips Ramadan Festival 2017 Best Mehndi Designs Trending topics Exam Results 2017 Hindi Movies English Movies Tamil Movies Telugu Movies xXx Malayalam Movies Kollywood News Tollywood News Mollywood News Hollywood News Sunny Leone Photos Follow us on facebook twitter google+ rss feed youtube download toi app android iphone BlackBerry ipad windows phone About us Create Your Own Ad Terms of Use and Grievance Redressal Policy Privacy policy Advertise with us RSS Newsletter Feedback ePaper Sitemap Archives Copyright © 2017 Bennett, Coleman & Co. Ltd. All rights reserved. For reprint rights: Times Syndication Service ` Sip on free Dunkin’ Shaken Iced Coffee while reading the latest news on TOI.Login to claim
Skip Navigation Jump to Main Main navigation and Meta Navigation To Home Meta Main Navigation Watch TV Content Search OpenAll Sections All SectionsClose Section Navigation Title Asia Pacific Singapore World CNA Insider Business Sport Lifestyle Technology Health Commentary OpenAll Sections Now Reading Loxo's targeted drug helps variety of advanced cancers in small study Toggle share menu Share on Facebook Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on Twitter Share on LinkedIn Share on LinkedIn Share via Whatsapp Share via Whatsapp Share via E-Mail Share via E-Mail Jump to top Search OpenAll Sections Main Navigation Section Navigation Title Home Watch TV Compact Layout All Sections Close Asia Pacific Singapore World CNA Insider Business Sport Lifestyle Technology Health Commentary Videos Catch-up TV TV Schedule Special Reports Singapore Parliament Weather PSI Facebook Twitter LinkedIn YouTube RSS Play Store App Store Search Close Search Search Term Search Term Clear search input Search Loxo's targeted drug helps variety of advanced cancers in small study close breaking news Advertisement Health Loxo's targeted drug helps variety of advanced cancers in small study 03 Jun 2017 07:55PM Share this content Share on Facebook Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on Twitter Share on LinkedIn Share on LinkedIn Share via Whatsapp Share via Whatsapp Share via E-Mail Share via E-Mail REUTERS: Three quarters of patients with a wide variety of advanced cancers responded to a Loxo Oncology Inc therapy that targets a specific genetic defect, according to data from a small study presented on Saturday at the year's most important oncology meeting. The drug, larotrectinib, directly targets an acquired rather than inherited genetic defect called TRK fusions. In such patients, TRK genes abnormally attach to other genes, triggering accelerated cancer cell growth. If approved, the oral therapy would mark a major step toward treatment based on a patient's or the cancer's genetic traits rather than whether the disease originated in the lung, breast or elsewhere. "What we're seeing here is the original promise of precision medicine," said Dr. David Hyman, chief of early drug development at Memorial Sloan Kettering Cancer Center in New York who led the study. Merck & Co's immunotherapy Keytruda last month became the first cancer drug to win U.S. approval based on specific genetic biomarkers regardless of the site of the original tumor. Advertisement Advertisement The Loxo-funded larotrectinib study followed 50 TRK fusion-positive patients with more than a dozen different types of advanced cancer, including lung, pancreatic, breast and colon. Seventy-six percent of patients experienced significant tumor shrinkage, including complete remission in 12 percent. "This is a real breakthrough," said Hyman, who presented the data at the American Society of Clinical Oncology meeting in Chicago. He said the response rate exceeded expectations. "These are people who had no hope by and large." Researchers have yet to determine other key benchmarks of performance, including median overall survival, progression-free survival or duration of response as most patients were still alive and responding after one year. Nearly all responders remained on the drug or received potentially curative surgery, with the longest ongoing response out to 25 months so far. Loxo expects to apply late this year or early next for U.S. approval. The Food and Drug Administration granted larotrectinib its breakthrough designation, given to medicines it deems potentially important advances in serious diseases. Up to 5,000 U.S. patients a year are diagnosed with the TRK defect, but Hyman said there could be more if testing becomes more common. Comprehensive genetic testing can detect TRK fusion and more specific tests are being developed. Pediatric patients in the trial had a type of cancer called infantile fibrosarcoma, a disease with a high rate of TRK fusion. In some cases it can be cured with amputations or other disfiguring surgeries. Researchers found that after treatment with larotrectinib, less radical limb-sparing surgery may be an option. They were particularly struck by the drug's lack of toxicity. No patients discontinued treatment due to side effects. "This is a safety profile that feels to me more like a drug for a chronic medical condition like high blood pressure than a cancer therapy," Hyman said. (Reporting by Bill Berkrot; Editing by Marguerita Choy) Source: Reuters Share this content Share on Facebook Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on Twitter Share on LinkedIn Share on LinkedIn Share via Whatsapp Share via Whatsapp Share via E-Mail Share via E-Mail More stories for you More information about Channel News Asia jump to top of page Sections Asia Pacific Singapore World CNA Insider Business Sport Lifestyle Technology Health Commentary About Us About Channel NewsAsia Hotel Partners Events & Seminars Presenters & Correspondents Contact Us Advertise with us Contact Sales Online Advertising TV Advertising Get the news that matters in your inbox every morning! Next try Plese enter your Email-address I consent to the use of my personal data by Mediacorp and the Mediacorp group of companies (collectively "Mediacorp") to send me marketing and advertising materials in relation to goods and services of Mediacorp and its business partners and for research and analysis SUBSCRIBE Follow our news Facebook Twitter LinkedIn YouTube RSS Experience news with our apps Play Store App Store Copyright© Mediacorp 2017. Mediacorp Pte Ltd. All rights reserved. Terms and Conditions Privacy Policy Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement
  Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Wires Home My Profile Logout Login Feedback NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad Loxo's targeted drug helps variety of advanced cancers in small study By Reuters Published: 07:34 EDT, 3 June 2017 | Updated: 07:34 EDT, 3 June 2017 e-mail By Bill Berkrot June 3 (Reuters) - Three quarters of patients with a wide variety of advanced cancers responded to a Loxo Oncology Inc therapy that targets a specific genetic defect, according to data from a small study presented on Saturday at the year's most important oncology meeting. The drug, larotrectinib, directly targets an acquired rather than inherited genetic defect called TRK fusions. In such patients, TRK genes abnormally attach to other genes, triggering accelerated cancer cell growth. If approved, the oral therapy would mark a major step toward treatment based on a patient's or the cancer's genetic traits rather than whether the disease originated in the lung, breast or elsewhere. "What we're seeing here is the original promise of precision medicine," said Dr. David Hyman, chief of early drug development at Memorial Sloan Kettering Cancer Center in New York who led the study. Merck &amp; Co's immunotherapy Keytruda last month became the first cancer drug to win U.S. approval based on specific genetic biomarkers regardless of the site of the original tumor. The Loxo-funded larotrectinib study followed 50 TRK fusion-positive patients with more than a dozen different types of advanced cancer, including lung, pancreatic, breast and colon. Seventy-six percent of patients experienced significant tumor shrinkage, including complete remission in 12 percent. "This is a real breakthrough," said Hyman, who presented the data at the American Society of Clinical Oncology meeting in Chicago. He said the response rate exceeded expectations. "These are people who had no hope by and large." Researchers have yet to determine other key benchmarks of performance, including median overall survival, progression-free survival or duration of response as most patients were still alive and responding after one year. Nearly all responders remained on the drug or received potentially curative surgery, with the longest ongoing response out to 25 months so far. Loxo expects to apply late this year or early next for U.S. approval. The Food and Drug Administration granted larotrectinib its breakthrough designation, given to medicines it deems potentially important advances in serious diseases. Up to 5,000 U.S. patients a year are diagnosed with the TRK defect, but Hyman said there could be more if testing becomes more common. Comprehensive genetic testing can detect TRK fusion and more specific tests are being developed. Pediatric patients in the trial had a type of cancer called infantile fibrosarcoma, a disease with a high rate of TRK fusion. In some cases it can be cured with amputations or other disfiguring surgeries. Researchers found that after treatment with larotrectinib, less radical limb-sparing surgery may be an option. They were particularly struck by the drug's lack of toxicity. No patients discontinued treatment due to side effects. "This is a safety profile that feels to me more like a drug for a chronic medical condition like high blood pressure than a cancer therapy," Hyman said. (Reporting by Bill Berkrot; Editing by Marguerita Choy) Share or comment on this article e-mail Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article. Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail     DON'T MISS 'Olivia wouldn't want you to cry': Tearful Ariana Grande reveals inspirational message mother of bombing victim said to her during Manchester concert PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Bradley Cooper is seen cradling his newborn daughter Lea De Seine during stroll with Irina Shayk in LA Proud parents Sugar and spice: Rhian Sugden puts on a busty display in a candy cane swimsuit on holiday in Turkey as she gets intimate with fiancé Oliver Mellor Little Mix are criticised for their 'naked' stage outfits at family-friendly One Love benefit concert Divided opinion with their racy costumes Ariana Grande sparks engagement confusion with a rock on her left hand... as she is supported by boyfriend Mac Miller onstage at One Love Manchester 'I misjudged you': Piers Morgan apologises to 'admirable' Ariana Grande and praises her 'cracking voice'... after criticising her for jetting home following attack 'That was painful': Anthea Turner's ex-husband Grant Bovey told her he 'might' have stayed if they had been able to conceive together... despite FIVE failed bouts of IVF Curves ahead! Courtney Stodden reveals her bountiful bosom as she shimmies in LBD during racy video She's an expert at posting sensual selfies  Penny Lancaster, 47, shows off her famous model figure in a thigh-skimming crochet dress as she soaks up the sun on a yacht in Cannes with Rod Stewart, 72 England ace Raheem Sterling arrives in Jamaica with the stunning model he whisked away 'while his girlfriend was left at home with their baby' Forget something? Bella Thorne wears most daring look yet as she flaunts chest by going BRALESS under sheer top while out in LA That'll get his attention Pregnant Charlotte Church shows off her mum-to-be figure in fishnets and knee-high boots as she hits the stage AGAIN in tiny pants Liam Gallagher makes surprise appearance at One Love concert in Manchester... but fans are left disappointed as brother Noel doesn't join for Oasis reunion 'Love conquers fear and love conquers hate': Katy Perry sends a poignant message as she dresses in angelic all-white at One Love Manchester concert Justin Bieber is brought to tears as emotional One Love Manchester gig cracks his tough exterior onstage Heart-wrenching 'I was out of control': Louise Thompson flaunts her fit figure... as she reveals she's quit drinking for 'zen' life after 'jumping from one relationship to the next' 'Grow up!': Kim Kardashian RIPS Caitlyn Jenner's new memoir... as Kourtney claims Bruce borrowed money from her in KUWTK teaser Khloe Kardashian jets out of LA as her basketball beau Tristan Thompson prepares for big game in Oakland Radiated glamour and celeb status 'Cut her legs off, she crawls right back to me': Tyga seemingly mocks ex Kylie Jenner in new single Playboy Something for the ex-girlfriend? 'I missed my family and friends': Michelle Keegan cuts her 30th birthday cake as she's spoiled by Our Girl cast... while Mark Wright parties in Magaluf  What a pair! Kendall Jenner and Hailey Baldwin show off their trim figures in leggings in NYC Kendall, 21, went casual, Hailey smart Coldplay's Chris Martin is brought to his knees in emotionally-charged duet of Don't Look Back In Anger with Ariana Grande at Manchester gig Braless pop star Miley Cyrus praises 'role model' Ariana Grande as she puts on a leggy performance at inspiring One Love fundraiser Joined Pharrell onstage Robbie Williams finally reunites with Take That onstage - but NOT for a song - as both acts take the stage at Ariana Grande's One Love Manchester gig Will.i.am insists he MEANT to say hello to London at One Love gig as he hits back after awkwardly mistaking Manchester for the capital twice 'As a father, this has made me truly sad': Family man David Beckham pays tribute to his 'home' Manchester as he sends video to One Love gig Fergie spends family time in LA as Black Eyed Peas rock One Love Manchester without her The group took the stage to wow the crowd Keeping the faith! Selena Gomez keeps it casual in a hoodie and cropped jeans as she attends trendy Hillsong Church NYC Put romance aside Bella Hadid slips her impressively slim figure into racy cut-out swimsuit as she smoulders in another high profile sports campaign Hollywood's most eligible single! Jennifer Garner looks lovely as she takes baked goods to church... after it's claimed Affleck is already 'dating' The First couples Ivanka and Jared and Donald and Melania turn heads in their black-tie attire as they head to the Ford's Theatre Gala hand-in-hand with Jared Putting in the work! Hot and sweaty Kaley Cuoco is red-faced as she leaves LA gym after Sunday workout session Snapped leaving a fitness facility  'Happy Sunday everybody!!' Jennifer Lopez shares Instagram snap with Alex Rodriguez and children in pool Happy families Sophie Ellis-Sex-tor! Hitmaker dresses in uncharacteristically racy negligee to perform at Mighty Hoopla festival Murder On The Dancefloor singer Making them green with envy! Cynthia Nixon, 51, cuts a chic figure in lime frock at Drama Desk Awards She wore a green and grey frock 'I'm not afraid': Ashley James heads to Might Hoopla festival in rock-chic attire... as she shares her defiance against London attack Bold display Louisa Johnson flashes her toned midriff in sporty cropped tee and TINY denim hotpants as she parties the day away at the Mighty Hoopla festival  Bra-vo: Fleur East steals show at London festival in very revealing red fishnet blouse and tartan kilt ensemble Former X Factor runner-up Holding on to her man! Makeup-free Milla Jovovich is chic in big glasses as she giggles with husband Paul W.S. Anderson Cute twosome Showing her stripes (and abs): Single Olivia Munn flaunts her impressive stomach in crop top at LAX Strutted into Los Angeles International Airport  Dirty girl! Emily Ratajkowski allows a female friend to put mud on her bare bottom during trip to hot springs while enjoying Italian vacation 'I've been crying so much today': Pregnant Erin McNaught reveals her 'overwhelming deep sadness' after the London terror attacks Overwhelming sadness Spencer Matthews enjoys a laidback weekend with friends... while his bikini-clad girlfriend Vogue Williams lives it up in Marbella Time apart Coronation Street's Brooke Vincent indulges in a cigarette and a glass of rosé as she celebrates her 25th birthday with a knees-up in Manchester Genetically blessed family! Fergie rocks all-black outfit as she and Josh Duhamel take son Axl, three, to church Out for a family day as a threesome Leggy Laura Whitmore looks festival-ready in a plunging blouse and tiny shorts at Mighty Hoopla event Dared to show off more skin Britain's got talent, but there wasn't much in the BGT final: Claudia Connell reviews last weekend's TV  Summed up Saturday night's lacklustre viewing 'First official pool day!': Katherine Heigl matches her swimsuit to her lawn umbrella as she enjoys a relaxing Sunday with husband Josh What happened to her lips? Khloe Kardashian shows off a massive pout as she stuns in Snapchat image taken in her car Plump pout Underwear-free Lindsay Lohan dazzles in a thigh-skimming gold dress as she celebrates socialite BFF Hofit Golan's birthday Commanding attention Back to the family! Scott Disick enjoys Calabasas outing with Mason and Penelope... after partying with bikini babes in Europe Reunited Dean Gaffney's, 39, girlfriend Rebekah Ward, 23, goes braless in a summer top as they head home from British Soap Awards after he teases his soap return Hoping to join her? Hailey Baldwin flaunts toned tum in an Adidas sports bra... days after gal pal Kendall Jenner is named brand ambassador 'Barn life': Kristin Cavallari slips into her Daisy Dukes as she takes her family to feed chickens in the country Three kids Camden Jaxon and Saylor She has a sizzling Ora! Rita sends the temperature soaring as she flaunts her cleavage and toned waist in skimpy bikinis for VERY saucy beachwear shoot That's a stretch! Bethenny Frankel, 46, bends over backwards while showing off fit bod in new yoga photo Real Housewives Of New York City star   Is that you, Seal? Sonia Kruger shares incredible flashback snap of the singer with dreadlocks before he shaved his head in 1994 Who's that guy? They made a pretty girl! Daughter of Eddie Murphy and Nicole looks stunning in white as she hits Women Of Excellence Awards Gala in LA 'I had so much anxiety': Kim Zolciak reveals coping with son's ferocious dog attack got to her as she takes her family on bikini vacation Pippa Middleton and James Matthews return to civilisation after three days spotting crocodiles and kangaroos at a 'luxury wild bush' resort on whirlwind honeymoon The one lesson I've learned from life: Singer Corinne Bailey Rae on why we should all help others more Grammy award-winning British singer Beyonce's daughter Blue Ivy 'will watch her mother give birth to twins so she doesn't feel left out' Want their five-year-old daughter Blue Ivy there SPOILER ALERT: Jack Branning breaks down as he prepares to give up stepson Matthew to Charlie Cotton as EastEnders tease sad farewell Cleaning up his act? Freshly shaven Tiger Woods is pictured for the first time since he was arrested for DUI while 'on four prescription pills' Rugby WAG Camilla Kerslake shows off her svelte figure in a pink and cream striped jumpsuit as she joins glamorous guests at restaurant event Back to school! Katie Holmes says she's 'excited' about having enrolled in Harvard University's Business Of Entertainment program Off-duty Lily Donaldson puts her feet up as she enjoys cocktails with a mystery male companion in Portofino A low key outing A hair-raising look! Gwen Stefani steps out in bizarre cropped trench coat with tulle finish for church trip with her kids Family time Hilar-ious: Hilary Duff rocks geek chic glasses while having a laugh with a friend after brunch in New York City The 29-year-old strolled with a friend Kendall Jenner reveals a little TOO much as she goes braless in a semi-sheer corset dress while strolling through New York Attention-grabbing Legs out for The Weeknd! Selena Gomez oozes sex appeal in two clingy thigh-skimming dresses as she enjoys night out in New York Third time's a charm? Dragon's Den star Duncan Bannatyne, 68, marries fiancee Nigora Whitehorn, 38, at intimate beach ceremony in Portugal Bonding time! Ashley Benson and Shay Mitchell match in black as they enjoy girls' night out with Pretty Little Liars creator while leaving a restaurant Keeping it brief! Leggy Kendall Jenner accidentally flashes her UNDERWEAR in leafy green mini-dress at star-studded Veuve Clicquot Polo Classic Siren... with a heart! Ariel Winter models white tank top as she speaks out against testing on animals She takes time out for causes she believes in 'Take a picture while we joking': Jay Z caught faking candid photo with Kevin Hart... but comedian insists 'it came out dope as hell' Staging a photo Yellow fever! Rhian Sugden puts on an eye-popping display in a tiny canary bikini in Turkey... and jokingly poses in belly dancing outfit with fiancé Oliver Mellor The morning after the night before: Make-up free Coronation Street star Lucy Fallon looks sheepish after looking worse for wear at British Soap Awards afterparty Spanish fashion designer David Delfin dies at age 46 after battle with cancer Delfin 'was one of the most charismatic designers in Spain' The graduate! Eva Longoria receives honorary degree from Knox College... then treats herself to a Dairy Queen dessert Honorary degree They could be sisters! Reese Witherspoon glows in floral dress as she poses next to 'best friend forever' Shannon Rotenberg Bright and beautiful  Ariana Grande's brother Frankie meets fans as he arrives at Old Trafford cricket ground ahead of the star-studded benefit concert in aid of Manchester terror attack victims Love is blind! Single KUWTK star Jonathan Cheban wears statement shirt in Beverly Hills after splitting from Anat Popovsky last year Mommy and me! Minnie Driver goes makeup-free with stylish hat as she takes her son Henry shopping in Malibu Family outing New father Shayne Ward goes arm-in-arm with girlfriend Sophie Austin at British Soap Awards five months after birth of their baby New parents Jacqueline Jossa and Dan Osborne are glued to their phones inside British Soap Awards... but Catherine Tyldesley and Faye Brookes can't stop gossiping 'It's been a heartbreaking time': Coronation Street actress Catherine Tyldesley pays tribute to the Manchester bombing victims with symbolic bee clutch bag Love Island's Olivia Buckland threatens to spill out of her skimpy bikini top... as she packs on the PDA with fiancé Alex Bowen during getaway to Cape Verde Not her usual style! Nicole Kidman wears a mustard yellow sports jersey as she watches a hockey match with husband Keith Urban PICTURE EXCLUSIVE Welcome to my world! Taylor Swift and Joe Alwyn enjoy their morning coffee as she takes him home to Nashville 'Missing my pink hair!': Kylie Jenner shares flashback photo with a snake... after sister Kendall possibly outed the teen as a smoker Raheem Sterling, 22, 'jetted off to Jamaica with model, 23, a day after taking teenage PC World worker back to his hotel after shisha bar date' Absolutely quacked! Guy Ritchie and Tom Hardy 'storm out of Chinese restaurant after they're denied Peking Duck dish'  Restaurant row Still going strong! Balthazar Getty poses with wife Rosetta and kids at Chrysalis Ball... as it's been nearly 10 years since Sienna Miller affair Happy anniversary! Lindsay Price and Curtis Stone beam at Chrysalis Ball as they prepare to celebrate four years of marriage Tied the knot in 2013 Eric Dane makes first public appearance after break to cope with depression as he joins wife Rebecca Gayheart and kids at Chrysalis Ball His biggest fan! Gavin Rossdale, 51, is supported by stunning new love interest Sophie Thomalla, 27, as he rocks out on stage in Las Vegas 'She has no idea how anyone got hold of them': Corrie's Kym Marsh 'upset and shocked after intimate photos were leaked online ahead of British Soap Awards triumph' 'We have spoken about it': Liam Payne, 23, reveals he and girlfriend Cheryl, 33, plan to expand family... as he admits fatherhood has 'changed' him Bust have been a good night! Scott Disick cuddles up to a topless beauty as he enjoys a raucous evening with woman number NINE during trip to London Catherine Tyldesley leads eye-popping style in sizzling slinky floor-length gown alongside Nikki Sanderson and Stephanie Waring at the British Soap Awards Pianist Tokio Myers is crowned the winner of BGT after being inspired to enter by 'big sister' Amy Winehouse... as he beats child magician Issy Simpson in final 'Deeply uncomfortable viewing': BGT viewers are outraged by child comic Ned Woodman, 9, as he savages the judges and stars in action-packed final  'Is she getting married?' BGT's Amanda Holden shocks viewers AGAIN with bridal inspired gown as Alesha Dixon puts on a VERY leggy display 'The money has gone to her head': Pirates of the Caribbean star Kaya Scodelario 'REFUSES to pay for sick grandmother in Brazil' Looking bow-tiful: Ashley James puts on a leggy display in a monochrome mini dress at the British Soap Awards after party Braless Lottie Moss shows off her model figure in a plunging floral knotted crop top and matching shorts as she lunches with her mother in Chelsea Geordie Shore star Marnie Simpson flashes her legs in a colourful minidress as she continues her book signing tour in Sheffield 'F*** them all': Alec Baldwin defends Kathy Griffin in a series of tweets and insists 'no one believes you intended to threaten Trump' 'Internet shopping like a self-pity fiend': Lena Dunham reveals how she's coping after endometriosis treatment as she's spotted in PAJAMAS Make-up free Chloe Khan shows off her plump pout as she strips off to flaunt her pert derriere during chilled out beach day in Barbados 'It's been incredible fun!' Thomas Cocquerel discusses playing the 'incredibly complex' Hollywood star Errol Flynn in new biopic Nothing but praise 'Today was a good day': Former Bachelorette Trista Sutter posts loved-up snap with husband Ryan after suffering a scary seizure in Croatia Looking good in her Blue Jeans! Lana Del Rey cuts a casual cool figure in black polo with skinny trousers while out in LA Emmerdale sweeps the board at the British Soap Awards 2017 with SIX gongs including Best Soap as EastEnders go home virtually empty handed 'I'm going home to my family': Katie Price looks shaken as she is escorted out of G-A-Y nightclub after cancelling performance in wake of London terror attack 'I don't give two ****s!' Defiant Tina Malone, 54, confirms surrogacy plans after revealing ambitions for third child... and she will CHOOSE the sex of baby Coronation star Lucy Fallon appears worse for wear following the British Soap Awards afterparty after losing out on Best Actress gong  Cher joins mourners as 'Ramblin Man' Greg Allman is laid to rest in the same cemetery he used to write songs 'She was standing there and I fell in love with her': Willie Aames reveals the incredible story of meeting his pen friend of 30 YEARS, Winnie Hung, who became his wife Richard Branson pays for hen party who were chucked off a flight because they were wearing 'B****es on tour' T-shirts to go on 'dream holiday' to Las Vegas David and Victoria Beckham are 'ripping out' their £5 million country estate... because 'the roof colours don't match' Princess Charlene exudes glamour in scarlet lipstick as she turns out to support Lycra-clad husband Prince Albert for water bike challenge in Nice Bradley Cooper and Irina Shayk leave the baby at home for a low-key date night in Santa Monica Issy Simpson, eight, scolds Ant McPartlin after he gets the magician's name wrong during Britain's Got Talent final 'My marriage was a Greek tragedy': Prince Charles's astonishing hand-written letters to Nancy Reagan reveal his anguish over his split from Diana  Prince Harry tucks into a traditional iftar feast of porridge and dates with young Singaporeans to celebrate the breaking of the fast during Ramadan Girl done good! Natalie Portman 'snaps up $6.5million four bedroom Santa Barbara mansion with 10.4 acres of land and stunning views of the Pacific' Lionel Richie's bassist Ethan Farmer 'hospitalised after he repeatedly stabbed himself following a horrific reaction to marijuana-filled snacks' Giggly Keri Russell glows in a summery peplum skirt and white top as she attends Polo event with long-term partner Matthew Rhys Heavily pregnant Chelsee Healey cradles her baby bump in clingy scarlet jumpsuit as she rocks the red carpet at the British Soap Awards 2017 Sealed with a kiss! Strictly champ Ore Oduba and his wife Portia pack on PDA as they can't keep their hands off each other at the British Soap Awards  Something getting you down? Eastenders actress Jacqueline Jossa looks stony-faced at the British Soap Awards afterparty with fiancé Dan Osborne Chained to the rhythm! Katy Perry will perform at The Voice Australia grand final as she returns Down Under for Witness concert tour Live shows have begun GIRL ABOUT TOWN: Pippa's new husband breaks with posh tradition by donning a wedding ring Unlike other high-society husbands Amy Childs shows off her slender post-baby body in chic blouse and skinny jeans as she cradles newborn baby Polly on morning stroll New mum 'Men and religion are worthless': Bette Midler speaks out as stars from Ariana Grande to Khloe Kardashian support London terror attack victims 'You just proved how powerful music is': Alesha Dixon bursts into tears as the Missing People Choir leave the judges overwhelmed in Britain's Got Talent final Girls' vacation! Kourtney Kardashian opens up her photo album as she shares flashback snaps from roadtrip with Kim and Khloe 'That's the fun part!' Beyonce's mom Tina Knowles buys her grandchildren 'drum sets'... to 'get my kids back' Tearful Kym Marsh dedicates her Best Female Dramatic Performance win at the British Soap Awards 2017 to her late son Archie  'This one's for you, angel': Zoe Ball returns to Radio 2 for the first time since her lover was found dead by dedicating to him the song Do I Love You (Indeed I Do) 'You're in with a shot tonight': Simon Cowell praises MerseyGirls as they wow at BGT final... and confirms he'll fund £78,000 life-changing spine surgery for teen dancer Julia Carlile Khloe Kardashian's Good American fashion line hits back at accusations from independent designer that reality star copied her work Stunning in Soho! Selena Gomez shows off her toned stomach in a crop top and high-waisted jeans as she spends the day with friends Who is Ruairi Luke? Meet the busty Australian model who was spotted partying TOPLESS with Scott Disick and another man on a London balcony in the early hours  Stunning in silver! Halle Berry, 50, wows in sequined dress with matching jacket for the Chrysalis Butterfly Ball The diet worked! Molly Sims flaunts her svelte frame on date night after ten-week bikini after baby plan Just do it! Bella Hadid embraces a sporty look as she flaunts her midriff in Nike sports bra with coordinating bottoms Top of the crops Busted! Kendall Jenner shares photo of sister Kylie holding a cigarette while bragging about photography skills The 21-year-old stunner is enjoying life GIRL ABOUT TOWN: Lady Mary partied so hard at Noel Gallagher's epic 50th birthday party she has been bedridden ever since It was a two-day rave Who IS the murderer on the Orient Express? The line-up of suspects from the new eagerly anticipated film based on Agatha Christie's novel Coronation Street's Lucy Fallon dazzles in a plunging peach gown at Soap Awards... after leaving Corrie viewers 'heartbroken' with grooming storyline 'Brunettes have fun too!' Paris Hilton ditches her blonde locks for a brown wig as she plays dress up on Snapchat She switched up her game 'No hair, no makeup, no nothing': Jennifer Lopez, 47, looks half her age in bare-faced glimpse at her pre-show ritual Natural Shop til you drop! Sofia Vergara looks effortlessly elegant in slim floral pants as she hits the shops in Beverly Hills Broadway star Laura Bell Bundy marries longtime love Thom Hinkle in country themed nuptials at horse track Head Start to Home Cooked Get Recipes more Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Contributors Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 3 June 2017 by Maciej Heyman Dynavax Presents Updated Data for SD-101 in Combination with KEYTRUDA(R) (pembrolizumab) Highlighting an ORR in 7 out of 7 Patients Naive to an Anti-PD-1 or Anti-PD-L1 Therapy /EINPresswire.com/ — BERKELEY, CA–(Marketwired – June 02, 2017) – Dynavax Technologies Corporation (NASDAQ: DVAX) announced the presentation of findings in patients with metastatic melanoma in the dose escalation phase of an ongoing Phase 1b/2 study investigating SD-101, Dynavax’s intratumoral TLR9 agonist, in combination with KEYTRUDA® (pembrolizumab), an anti-PD-1 therapy developed by Merck, known as MSD outside the United States and Canada. Results evaluating 19 patients for efficacy and 22 patients for safety were presented in a poster at the 2017 American Society of Clinical Oncology Annual Meeting in Chicago: In 7 anti-PD-1/L1-naïve patients, SD-101 used in combination with KEYTRUDA resulted in an overall response rate (ORR) of 100%, with a complete response (CR) rate of 29%. This is a meaningful increase over use of KEYTRUDA alone, which has already shown a 33% ORR, with a 6% CR.(1) In 12 patients with advanced (stage IIIc/IV) melanoma who had previously failed on anti-PD-1 treatment, introduction of SD-101 resulted in tumor shrinkage in 42% of patients, with 17% having a partial response (PR), indicating an anti-tumor immune response generated by SD-101. The combination of SD-101 and KEYTRUDA in this study, mobilized both innate and adaptive immune response in study participants. Tumor shrinkage was observed in non-injected visceral lesions. „Having 7 out of 7 patients naïve to anti-PD-1/L1 treatment responding is very encouraging,” said Antoni Ribas, M.D., Ph.D., of the Jonsson Comprehensive Cancer Center at the University of California, Los Angeles, and lead investigator. „These results are supported by tumor shrinkage in patients who had previously progressed on anti-PD-1 treatment and by confirmatory laboratory biomarker assessments in tumor biopsies. If these clinical results are sustained in the ongoing trial, this combination, which mobilizes both innate and adaptive immune responses in patients, could represent an important advancement in immuno-oncology.” SD-101 in combination with KEYTRUDA generally was well-tolerated. No dose-limiting toxicities of the combination were observed in any dose cohort, and a maximum tolerated dose (MTD) was not identified. The most common treatment-emergent adverse events were injection site reactions and transient grade 1 to 2 flu-like symptoms, including fever, chills and myalgia. The study also includes biomarker assessments, suggesting that treatment with SD-101 and KEYTRUDA resulted in increased tumor-infiltrating lymphocytes and decreased Th2 in tumor biopsies, consistent with induction of an antitumor immune response. About MEL-01 (KEYNOTE-184) The dose-escalation and expansion study of SD-101 in combination with KEYTRUDA includes patients with histologically or cytologically confirmed unresectable Stage IIIc/IV melanoma. The primary endpoints of the trial are MTD and evaluation of the safety of intratumoral SD-101 in combination with KEYTRUDA. In addition, the trial is investigating response as assessed by the investigator according to RECIST v1.1, biomarker assessments and duration of response. Patients previously treated with anti-PD-1 and other immunotherapies are included. About SD-101 SD-101 is Dynavax’s proprietary, second-generation, Toll-like receptor 9 (TLR9) agonist CpG-C class oligodeoxynucleotide. SD-101 is being studied for its multiple anti-tumor activities in innate immune cells and activation of plasmacytoid dendritic cells to stimulate T cells specific for antigens released from dying tumor cells. TLR9 agonists such as SD-101 enhance T and B cell responses and provide potent Type 1 interferon induction and maturation of plasmacytoid dendritic cells to antigen-presenting cells. SD-101 is being evaluated in several Phase 1/2 oncology studies to assess its safety and activity. For information about SD-101 trials that are currently recruiting patients, please visit www.clinicaltrials.gov. About Dynavax Dynavax is a clinical-stage immunology company focused on leveraging the power of the body’s innate and adaptive immune responses through toll-like receptor (TLR) stimulation. Dynavax is developing product candidates for use in multiple cancer indications, as a vaccine for the prevention of hepatitis B and as a disease modifying therapy for asthma. Dynavax’s lead product candidates are SD-101, an investigational cancer immunotherapeutic currently in Phase 1/2 studies, and HEPLISAV-B, a Phase 3 investigational adult hepatitis B vaccine. For more information, visit www.dynavax.com. Forward-Looking Statements This press release contains „forward-looking” statements, including expectations for the conduct and timing of clinical trials of SD-101. Actual results may differ materially from those set forth in this press release due to the risks and uncertainties inherent in our business, including whether we can timely provide adequate clinical supplies; initiation, enrollment and completion of clinical trials of SD-101; the results of clinical trials and the impact of those results on the initiation or continuation of subsequent trials and issues arising in the regulatory process; the ability to successfully develop and commercialize SD-101; and whether or not Dynavax and parties with whom we are collaborating may reach any future agreement on further studies or a more extensive collaboration beyond the clinical trials contemplated under the existing agreements, as well as other risks detailed in the „Risk Factors” section of our current periodic reports with the SEC. We undertake no obligation to revise or update information herein to reflect events or circumstances in the future, even if new information becomes available. Information on Dynavax’s website at www.dynavax.com is not incorporated by reference in our current periodic reports with the SEC. KEYTRUDA is a registered trademark of Merck Sharp & Dohme Corp., a subsidiary of Merck & Co., Inc. (1) Keytruda.com https://www.keytruda.com/hcp/melanoma/efficacy-of-keytruda/ CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious OSAI To Exhibit Latest CNC Control and Software at AWFS Show – Booth 8846 Next PostNext Brookfield Real Assets Income Fund Inc. Changes to Portfolio Management Team and Monthly Distribution Declaration Search Recent Posts Ion Exchange Resins Market expected to grow at a CAGR of 5.4% from 2016 – 2026 Asia-Pacific STV Stevia Market Research Report 2017 to 2022 Global Methionine Market Analysis- Size, Share, overview, scope, Revenue, Gross Margin, Segment and Forecast 2017 IBM Research Alliance Builds New Transistor for 5nm Technology Mobile Phone Accessories Market will reach at a CAGR of 6.9% from 2015 to 2025 Business Directory Business Contacts Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Proudly powered by WordPress
Xconomy Xperience EXOME National Regions Channels Events Top Entrepreneurs’ Advice → EXOME all the information, none of the junk | biotech • healthcare • life sciences Want EXOME sent to you daily? Meet the Contributors → Mersana Plans IPO to Finance Clinical Trials for Breast Cancer Drug Frank Vinluan June 2nd, 2017 @frankvinluan @xconomy Like Us Xconomy Boston —  Mersana Therapeutics has filed for an initial public stock offering that would help fund clinical trials for the company’s experimental treatment for breast cancer. The paperwork filed with securities regulators lists a $75 million stock offering, but that figure will likely change as Cambridge, MA-based Mersana determines how many shares it will offer and at what price. The company has applied for a stock listing on the Nasdaq exchange under the stock symbol “MRSN.” Mersana is developing antibody drug conjugates (ADCs), a type of cancer drug that links antibodies to cancer-fighting toxins. This approach uses antibodies to deliver a targeted strike to tumors that’s meant to spare healthy tissue from the treatment’s toxic effects. Mersana develops its ADCs using a technology that employs a biodegradable polymer that stays stable in the bloodstream and releases its drug payload once inside cancer cells. That technology was originally developed at Massachusetts General Hospital. The company uses the technology to link proprietary cancer-fighting agents made from dolastatins, a family of compounds found in a sea slug. Mersana calls this ADC platform Dolaflexin. Mersana’s lead drug candidate, XMT-1522, targets cancers whose cells overexpress HER2, a protein that promotes tumor growth. The company is currently testing a range of doses in a Phase 1 clinical trial enrolling mostly breast cancer patients. Safety results from the trial are expected by the end of the year. The company says in the securities filing that it plans to expand testing of the therapy into more cancers that are not addressed by the currently available HER2 therapies, including other breast cancers, non-small cell lung cancer, and gastric cancer. The Mersana technology has drawn interest from large pharmaceutical companies. In 2014, Mersana began a research partnership with Japan-based Takeda Pharmaceuticals to develop ADCs targeting up to seven antigen targets selected by Takeda. So far, Mersana has received $24.8 million in payments from that deal. If the collaboration successfully produces seven commercialized drugs, the company stands to gain milestone payments topping $1 billion. The relationship between Takeda and Mersana deepened last year when the two entered a partnership on XMT-1522. Takeda paid Mersana $26.5 million up front, with the potential for $288 million more in milestone payments, in exchange for the rights to develop and commercialize XMT-1522 outside of the U.S. and Canada. If Takeda can bring the cancer drug to the market, it would owe Mersana royalties on sales. The connections between Takeda and Mersana also include an ownership stake. The Japanese pharma joined the syndicate of investors financing Mersana’s $33 million Series C round of investment a year ago. According to the IPO filing, Takeda invested approximately $10 million. Mersana has another link to Takeda. The biotech is led by president and CEO Anna Protopapas, a Takeda veteran whose experience includes serving as president of Millennium Pharmaceuticals, the oncology division of the Japanese pharma. The field of ADC developers is crowding. Large pharmaceutical companies such as Bristol-Myers Squibb (NYSE: BMY), AstraZeneca (NYSE: AZN), and Pfizer (NYSE: PFE) are developing approaches that use different classes of anti-cancer payloads, new approaches to linking those payloads to antibodies, and new ways of targeting cancer cells, Mersana says in its filing. Bothell, WA-based Seattle Genetics (NASDAQ: SGEN) focuses exclusively on ADCs. That company has brought one ADC to market, a treatment for the most common form of Hodgkin lymphoma. SeaGen’s drug pipeline includes several other compounds in clinical trials for other cancers. Mersana says that the IPO proceeds would finance the Phase 1 clinical trial for XMT-1522, as well as the pre-clinical and clinical development of a second ADC being developed as a potential treatment for ovarian cancer and non-small cell lung cancer. The drug, XMT-1536, targets NaPi2b, an antigen expressed in those cancers. The company expects to start clinical trials for that compound in early 2018. All of Mersana’s revenue comes from its strategic partnerships. Besides its deals with Takeda, the company has a separate research partnership with Germany-based The Merck Group , dating to 2014. That deal calls for Mersana to develop ADC candidates for antigens chosen by Merck. According to the filing, Merck paid Mersana $12 million up front and has since paid an additional $2 million in milestones so far. Mersana stands to gain as much as $778 million in additional milestone payments, if the partnership yields successful drugs. In 2016, Mersana reported $25.1 million in collaboration revenue. Last year, the company spent $32 million on research and development, a 50 percent increase compared to 2015. The company says in its filing that it expects those expenses to rise as it continues clinical development of its drug candidates. Through the end of the first quarter, Mersana reported having $88.5 million in cash. Image of metastatic breast cancer in pleural fluid by Flickr user Ed Uthman via a Creative Commons license. Frank Vinluan is editor of Xconomy Raleigh-Durham, based in Research Triangle Park. You can reach him at fvinluan [at] xconomy.com Follow @frankvinluan Share on Facebook Share on Twitter LinkedIn Email Reprints More from EXOME Scholar Rock Rolls Up $36M To Move Muscle Drug To Clinical Trials Tocagen Plans IPO to Finance Trials of Gene Therapy in Brain Cancer Takeda to Buy Ariad in $5.2B Move to Build Up Cancer Drug Portfolio Trending on Xconomy On ASCO’s Eve, Experts Fret Over Backlash to Cancer Combo Frenzy As Big Cancer Trials Ramp Up, Grail Goes Global, Merges With Cirina Cord Cutting: How to Get High-Speed Internet Service Without Cable X Xconomy IMPACT So many companies want to "change the world," but how do you build something that makes a real difference? Find out what Boston companies are making an impact on society on June 22! June 22, 2017 Register Now! Underwriters and Partners From Our Advertisers National search for the best medical device start-up Applications NOW open for TMCx Medical Device Accelerator. TMC Innovation The Feed Tweets from https://twitter.com/Xconomy/lists/lifesci Home Privacy/DMCA Security Disclosures About Contact Us Archives Advertise Subscribe for Free Business, life sciences, and technology news — covering Boston, Seattle, San Diego, Detroit/Ann Arbor, San Francisco, New York, Raleigh-Durham, Boulder/Denver, Texas, Wisconsin, Indiana, and beyond. © 2007-2017, Xconomy, Inc. Xconomy is a registered service mark of Xconomy, Inc. All rights reserved. Website development support from Andrew Koyfman with design support from Rob Hunter.
Bloomberg the Company & Its ProductsBloomberg Anywhere Remote LoginBloomberg Anywhere LoginBloomberg Terminal Demo Request Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. For Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Manage Contracts and Orders Support Americas+1 212 318 2000 EMEA+44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific+65 6212 1000 Company Careers Diversity and Inclusion Sustainability Tech Facts and Spaces Philanthropy and Engagement Bloomberg London Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Products Bloomberg Terminal Execution and Order Management Data and Content Financial Data Management Integration and Distribution Bloomberg Tradebook Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Media Bloomberg Markets Bloomberg Technology Bloomberg Pursuits Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg Opinion Bloomberg Businessweek Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile News Bureaus Media Services Bloomberg Live Conferences Bloomberg Media Distribution Advertising Company Careers Diversity and Inclusion Sustainability Tech Facts and Spaces Philanthropy and Engagement Bloomberg London Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Products Bloomberg Terminal Execution and Order Management Data and Content Financial Data Management Integration and Distribution Bloomberg Tradebook Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Media Bloomberg Markets Bloomberg Technology Bloomberg Pursuits Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg Opinion Bloomberg Businessweek Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile News Bureaus Media Services Bloomberg Live Conferences Bloomberg Media Distribution Advertising Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. For Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Manage Contracts and Orders Support Americas+1 212 318 2000 EMEA+44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific+65 6212 1000 MENU Homepage Markets Stocks Currencies Commodities Rates + Bonds Economics Magazine Benchmark Watchlist Economic Calendar Tech U.S. Global Startups Bloomberg Technology TV Gadgets With Gurman Digital Defense Studio 1.0 Focus On: Infrastructure Pursuits Cars & Bikes Style & Grooming Spend Watches & Gadgets Food & Drinks Travel Real Estate Art & Design Brilliant Ideas Politics Global Risk Briefing How We’ll Know if Trump Is Making America Great Again Tracking Trump’s Web of Conflicts GOP’s Health Plan: Tracking Key Changes One Amendment at a Time Kim Jong Un’s Big Nuclear Push Is Closing In on America Opinion View Gadfly Businessweek Subscribe Cover Stories Opening Remarks Etc Features 85th Anniversary Issue Behind The Cover More Climate Changed Video Series: Ventures Graphics Billionaires Game Plan Small Business Personal Finance Inspire GO The David Rubenstein Show Sponsored Content Bloomberg About The Company Sign In Sign In Subscribe Cancer Drug Targeting Rare Mutation Works Across Tumor Types by Michelle Cortez @FayCortez More stories by Michelle Cortez June 3, 2017, 7:30 AM EDT Loxo Oncology medication could be used for variety of cancers More than three out of four patients respond to larotrectinib Finding single therapies that can treat tumors based on their genetics rather than their location in the body has been a longstanding goal of medical research. A new drug may bring that a step closer to reality for a small group of patients. An experimental cancer medication made by Loxo Oncology Inc. helped shrink a variety of tumors caused by a rare genetic anomaly in more than three out of every four patients who received it in a small clinical trial. The study of 55 patients found that after treatment with Loxo’s larotrectinib, 12 percent of people whose tumors who could be assessed had no sign of cancer, while 64 percent showed partial shrinkage of their tumors. The disease was stable in 12 percent of patients and got worse in 12 percent. Rare Mutation Loxo’s drug targets a mutation where two genes join together in what’s known as TRK fusion, leading to the production of proteins that cause cancer growth. It’s rare -- about 1 percent of cancers have the anomaly, and it’s seen in 1,500 to 5,000 patients annually in the U.S., according to Loxo Chief Executive Officer Josh Bilenker. “In many ways, this represents the original promise of precision medicine, where your tumor’s genetics determines whether you respond to therapy,” said lead researcher David Hyman, chief of early drug development at Memorial Sloan Kettering Cancer Center in New York. “I hope this raises the ambition of the field to go after targets without concern for their frequency,” Hyman said. “There is no cancer that is too rare to go after as long as the drug works.” The study simultaneously measured the drug’s effectiveness in both children and adults, a first in the development of a cancer drug, and encompassed 17 different types of cancer, Hyman said. The results were presented at the American Society of Clinical Oncology’s annual meeting in Chicago on Saturday. Loxo, based in Stamford, Connecticut, funded the study. The patients had advanced, aggressive cancers that responded almost immediately to the treatment, Hyman said. Many were feeling better within days of receiving the drug and showed a response by the time they underwent their first imaging scan, after less than two months. “It was not subtle, what was happening in the study,” Hyman said, mentioning one patient who had a mass in his jaw quickly shrink, his pain ebb and spasms calm. “That hasn’t been the exception; it’s been the rule” for most patients, he said. “This is likely to represent the new standard of care” in patients with the abnormality. Seeking Approval Loxo plans to file for U.S. Food and Drug Administration approval of larotrectinib, which was given breakthrough designation a year ago for patients with no other treatment alternatives. An independent laboratory will review the study results before the company submits the drug for U.S. approval, the company said in a statement. That is expected by the end of the year. If approved, larotrectinib would be the second drug, after Merck & Co.’s Keytruda, cleared for treating cancer based on a tumor’s genetic makeup. Keytruda, widely used to get the immune system involved in killing melanoma and other cancers, won accelerated FDA approval in May for advanced cancer based on a biological characteristic rather than where in the body the tumor originated. The drug, which entered human testing in 2014, is Loxo’s most advanced product and would be its first on the market if approved. The company developed the medicine alone and is starting to hire the employees needed to launch it, said Bilenker. Loxo, which has a market value of about $1.28 billion, has seen its shares rise about 53 percent this year to date. Loxo is working on other compounds, including a follow-on drug for patients who develop resistance to larotrectinib, Bilenker said. The company could look to partner or sell itself to get the treatment to more patients, but it isn’t doing that now, he said. The shift toward genetic-based cancer drugs means more screening is needed to identify patients who may benefit, Bilenker said. Currently only about 10 percent of cancer patients have access to comprehensive genomic profiling, he said. Before it's here, it's on the Bloomberg Terminal. LEARN MORE Most Read London Terror Attack Before Vote Leaves 7 Dead, Many Hurt As China Eyes Trade Growth, Europe Moves to Calm Wary Industries May Ramps Up Anti-Terror Rhetoric After Attack Kills Seven Toyota Says It Sold Entire Stake in Tesla in 2016 London Cops Adjust to New Terror Reality With Guns, Helicopters Terms of Service Trademarks Privacy Policy ©2017 Bloomberg L.P. All Rights Reserved Careers Made in NYC Advertise Ad Choices Website Feedback Help
About Us Contact Us Help user name password Client login:    First time user sign up Forgot your login info? Website Directory     Submit Website Search All categoriesAdvertising  GeneralAerospace  GeneralAgriculture  GeneralAirlines  GeneralAmerica - Post 9/11  GeneralApparel  GeneralApple Products  GeneralArchitectural  GeneralArchitecture  ArchitectureArt & Entertainments  Books  Celebrities  Country Music  Dance  Magazines  Movies  Museums  Music  Music Downloads  News & Talk Shows  Performing Arts  Photography  Television  Web SitesArts/Culture  GeneralAuction  GeneralAutomotive  Aftermarket  Classic Autos  Consumer Publications  General  Motorcycle & Bike  Racing  Recreational Vehicle  Repair & Service  Trade PublicationsBlogging & Social Media  Blogging & Social MediaBusiness  Advertising / Marketing  Books  Consumer Research  Direct Marketing  e-Commerce  Entrepreneurs  Finance  Franchise  Human Resources  Insurance  Investment  Management  Markets  Network Marketing  Online Marketing / SEO  Payday Loans  Public Relations  Publications  Real Estate  Retail  Stocks  Supermarkets  Women in BusinessCareers/HR  GeneralChemical  GeneralCoaching / Mentoring  Coaching / MentoringComputers  Apple Products  Databases  Games & Entertainment  General  Hosting  Instruction  Linux / GNU "Open Source"  Macintosh  Microsoft Windows PC  Operating Systems  Programming  Security  Software  Tablet PCs  UtilitiesConstruction  GeneralConsumer  Gifts and Collectibles  Hobbies  Web sites / InternetDesign  Graphic Design  Industrial  WebE-Cigarette  GeneraleCommerce  GeneralEconomy  GeneralEducation  College / University  General  Home Schooling  K-12  Post Graduate  TechnicalElectronics  GeneralEmail Marketing  GeneralEmailWire Press Releases  Press Release TipsEmployment/Careers  GeneralEngineering  GeneralEntertainment  GeneralEnvironment  GeneralEvents / Trade Shows  GeneralFinance  GeneralFood  GeneralFranchise  GeneralFraud / Identity Theft  GeneralGaming  GeneralGovernment  General  Judicial  Law Enforcement  Legislative  Local  National  Public Services  Security  State  TransportationHealthcare  GeneralHome and Family  Banking / Personal Finance  Bereavement / Loss  Home Furnishings / Interiors  Landscaping & Gardening  Marriage / Relationships  Money  Parenting  Payday Loans  Pets  Taxes  Wedding / BridalHome Schooling  GeneralHotels/Resorts  GeneralHousehold  GeneralIndustry  Aerospace / Defense  Agriculture  Apparel / Textiles  Broadcast  Construction / Building  Electrical  Food  Funeral  Healthcare  Leisure / Hospitality  Logistics / Shipping  Manufacturing / Production  Mining / Metals  Oil / Energy  Paper / Forest Products  Plumbing, Heating & AC  Print Media  Printing  Publishing  Radio  Restaurants  Tobacco  ToyInsurance  GeneralInternet/Online  GeneralLegal  GeneralLeisure  GeneralLifestyle  Beauty  Dating / Singles  Diet / Weight Loss  Fashion  Food / Beverage  Health & Fitness  Hotel / Resorts  Pastimes  Restaurants  Retirement  Travel & TourismMachinery  GeneralMaritime  GeneralMedical  Addiction  Allergies  Alternative Medicine  Asthma  Cancer  Cardiology  Chiropractic  Dental  Dermatology  Diabetes  Emergency  Family Medicine  General  General  Geriatrics  Hospitals  Infectious Diseases  Internal Medicine  Managed Care / HMO  Medical Products  Mental Health  Neurology  Nursing  Nutrition  OB / GYN  Pediatrics  Pharmaceuticals  Physical Therapy  Plastic Surgery  Psychology  Radiology / Imaging  Research  Sports Medicine  Surgery  VisionMilitary  GeneralMining/Metals  GeneralMiscellaneous  GeneralNanotechnology  NanotechnologyNon-profit  GeneralOccupational Safety  Occupational SafetyOil/Energy  GeneralOpinion / Editorial  Opinion / EditorialPaper Products  GeneralPaper/Forest  GeneralPharmaceuticals  GeneralPodcasting  Announce  Tools and ServicesPolitics  PoliticsPrint Media  GeneralPublic Utilities  Public UtilitiesPublishing  GeneralRadio  GeneralReal Estate  GeneralReligion  Christian  General  Islam  Jewish  OtherRestaurants  GeneralRetail  GeneralRSS & Content Syndication  RSS & Content SyndicationScience and Research  Science and ResearchSelf-Help / Personal Growth  Self-Help / Personal GrowthShipbuilding  GeneralSociety  African American Interests  Asian Interests  Childrens Issues  Disabled Issues / Disabilities  Gay / Lesbian  Hispanic  Mens Interests  Native American  Senior Citizens  Social Services  Teen Issues/Interests  Womens InterestSoftware  GeneralSports  Baseball  Basketball  Bicycling  Boating / Maritime  Bowling  Boxing  Fishing  Football  Golf  Hockey  Hunting  Martial Arts  Outdoors  Rugby  Soccer  Tennis  Water  Winter/SnowSports/Fitness  GeneralStocks  GeneralSupermarkets  GeneralTechnology  Biotechnology  Computer  Electronics  Enterprise Software  Games  Graphics/Printing/CAD  Hardware / Peripherals  Industrial  Information  Internet  Multimedia  Networking  Public Sector/Government  Robotics  Semiconductor  Software  Telecommunications  WebmastersTelecom  General  WirelessTelevision  GeneralTobacco  GeneralTrade  GeneralTransportation  GeneralTravel  GeneralUtilities  GeneralVolunteer  VolunteerWeather  Weather Home > News By Company > ReportsWeb.com Tweet   Human Microbiome Market by Disease & Data Validation, Analysis and Forecast 2022 ReportsWeb.com published Human Microbiome Market from its database. The report covers the market landscape and its growth prospects over the coming years. The report also includes a discussion of the key vendors operating in this market.   (EMAILWIRE.COM, June 03, 2017 ) According to Publisher, the Global Human Microbiome Market is accounted for $130.23 million in 2015 and is expected to reach $521.23 million by 2022 growing at a CAGR of 21.9% during the forecast period. Increasing incidence of lifestyle diseases, growing geriatric population, and technological developments are some of the factors fueling the market growth. By product, Probiotics segment dominated the global market with largest share during the forecast period. North America and Europe commanded the market owing to the improved biotechnological and microbiological research infrastructure. However, Asia-Pacific is anticipated to grow at the highest CAGR owing to recuperating research infrastructure in the region. For more information http://www.reportsweb.com/human-microbiome-global-market-outlook-2016-2022 Some of the key players in Human Microbiome market include Ritter Pharmaceuticals, Inc., E. I. du Pont de Nemours and Company, ViThera Pharmaceuticals, Metabiomics Corp., ActoGeniX, Optibiotix Health Plc, Vedanta Biosciences, Inc., MicroBiome Therapeutics, LLC, Second Genome, Inc., ENTEROME Bioscience, Yakult Honsha Co., Ltd., Osel, Inc., AvidBiotics, Rebiotix Inc., Merck & Co., Inc. and Seres Therapeutics. Applications Covered: - Diagnostics - Therapeutics Diseases Covered: - Cancer - Acute Diarrhea - Diabetes - Mental Disorders - Autoimmune Disorders - Obesity - Other Diseases Products Covered: - Foods - Drugs - Probiotics - Diagnostic Devices - Prebiotics - Medical Foods o Nutritionally Incomplete Formulae o Formulae for Metabolic Disorders o Nutritionally Complete Formulae o Oral Rehydration Products - Other Probiotics Supplements Request Sample Copy http://www.reportsweb.com/inquiry&RW0001564976/sample Regions Covered: - North America o US o Canada o Mexico - Europe o Germany o France o Italy o UK o Spain o Rest of Europe - Asia Pacific o Japan o China o India o Australia o New Zealand o Rest of Asia Pacific - Rest of the World o Middle East o Brazil o Argentina o South Africa o Egypt 10 Company Profiling 10.1 Ritter Pharmaceuticals, Inc. 10.2 E. I. du Pont de Nemours and Company 10.3 ViThera Pharmaceuticals 10.4 Metabiomics Corp. 10.5 ActoGeniX 10.6 Optibiotix Health Plc 10.7 Vedanta Biosciences, Inc. 10.8 MicroBiome Therapeutics, LLC 10.9 Second Genome, Inc. 10.10 ENTEROME Bioscience 10.11 Yakult Honsha Co., Ltd. 10.12 Osel, Inc. 10.13 AvidBiotics 10.14 Rebiotix Inc., 10.15 Merck & Co., Inc. 10.16 Seres Therapeutics Make an enquiry: http://www.reportsweb.com/inquiry&RW0001564976/buying Contact Information: ReportsWeb.com Priya Sisodia Tel: +1-646-491-9876 Email us This is a press release. Press release distribution and press release services by EmailWire.Com: http://www.emailwire.com/us-press-release-distribution.php. 
   Search All categoriesAdvertising  GeneralAerospace  GeneralAgriculture  GeneralAirlines  GeneralAmerica - Post 9/11  GeneralApparel  GeneralApple Products  GeneralArchitectural  GeneralArchitecture  ArchitectureArt & Entertainments  Books  Celebrities  Country Music  Dance  Magazines  Movies  Museums  Music  Music Downloads  News & Talk Shows  Performing Arts  Photography  Television  Web SitesArts/Culture  GeneralAuction  GeneralAutomotive  Aftermarket  Classic Autos  Consumer Publications  General  Motorcycle & Bike  Racing  Recreational Vehicle  Repair & Service  Trade PublicationsBlogging & Social Media  Blogging & Social MediaBusiness  Advertising / Marketing  Books  Consumer Research  Direct Marketing  e-Commerce  Entrepreneurs  Finance  Franchise  Human Resources  Insurance  Investment  Management  Markets  Network Marketing  Online Marketing / SEO  Payday Loans  Public Relations  Publications  Real Estate  Retail  Stocks  Supermarkets  Women in BusinessCareers/HR  GeneralChemical  GeneralCoaching / Mentoring  Coaching / MentoringComputers  Apple Products  Databases  Games & Entertainment  General  Hosting  Instruction  Linux / GNU "Open Source"  Macintosh  Microsoft Windows PC  Operating Systems  Programming  Security  Software  Tablet PCs  UtilitiesConstruction  GeneralConsumer  Gifts and Collectibles  Hobbies  Web sites / InternetDesign  Graphic Design  Industrial  WebE-Cigarette  GeneraleCommerce  GeneralEconomy  GeneralEducation  College / University  General  Home Schooling  K-12  Post Graduate  TechnicalElectronics  GeneralEmail Marketing  GeneralEmailWire Press Releases  Press Release TipsEmployment/Careers  GeneralEngineering  GeneralEntertainment  GeneralEnvironment  GeneralEvents / Trade Shows  GeneralFinance  GeneralFood  GeneralFranchise  GeneralFraud / Identity Theft  GeneralGaming  GeneralGovernment  General  Judicial  Law Enforcement  Legislative  Local  National  Public Services  Security  State  TransportationHealthcare  GeneralHome and Family  Banking / Personal Finance  Bereavement / Loss  Home Furnishings / Interiors  Landscaping & Gardening  Marriage / Relationships  Money  Parenting  Payday Loans  Pets  Taxes  Wedding / BridalHome Schooling  GeneralHotels/Resorts  GeneralHousehold  GeneralIndustry  Aerospace / Defense  Agriculture  Apparel / Textiles  Broadcast  Construction / Building  Electrical  Food  Funeral  Healthcare  Leisure / Hospitality  Logistics / Shipping  Manufacturing / Production  Mining / Metals  Oil / Energy  Paper / Forest Products  Plumbing, Heating & AC  Print Media  Printing  Publishing  Radio  Restaurants  Tobacco  ToyInsurance  GeneralInternet/Online  GeneralLegal  GeneralLeisure  GeneralLifestyle  Beauty  Dating / Singles  Diet / Weight Loss  Fashion  Food / Beverage  Health & Fitness  Hotel / Resorts  Pastimes  Restaurants  Retirement  Travel & TourismMachinery  GeneralMaritime  GeneralMedical  Addiction  Allergies  Alternative Medicine  Asthma  Cancer  Cardiology  Chiropractic  Dental  Dermatology  Diabetes  Emergency  Family Medicine  General  General  Geriatrics  Hospitals  Infectious Diseases  Internal Medicine  Managed Care / HMO  Medical Products  Mental Health  Neurology  Nursing  Nutrition  OB / GYN  Pediatrics  Pharmaceuticals  Physical Therapy  Plastic Surgery  Psychology  Radiology / Imaging  Research  Sports Medicine  Surgery  VisionMilitary  GeneralMining/Metals  GeneralMiscellaneous  GeneralNanotechnology  NanotechnologyNon-profit  GeneralOccupational Safety  Occupational SafetyOil/Energy  GeneralOpinion / Editorial  Opinion / EditorialPaper Products  GeneralPaper/Forest  GeneralPharmaceuticals  GeneralPodcasting  Announce  Tools and ServicesPolitics  PoliticsPrint Media  GeneralPublic Utilities  Public UtilitiesPublishing  GeneralRadio  GeneralReal Estate  GeneralReligion  Christian  General  Islam  Jewish  OtherRestaurants  GeneralRetail  GeneralRSS & Content Syndication  RSS & Content SyndicationScience and Research  Science and ResearchSelf-Help / Personal Growth  Self-Help / Personal GrowthShipbuilding  GeneralSociety  African American Interests  Asian Interests  Childrens Issues  Disabled Issues / Disabilities  Gay / Lesbian  Hispanic  Mens Interests  Native American  Senior Citizens  Social Services  Teen Issues/Interests  Womens InterestSoftware  GeneralSports  Baseball  Basketball  Bicycling  Boating / Maritime  Bowling  Boxing  Fishing  Football  Golf  Hockey  Hunting  Martial Arts  Outdoors  Rugby  Soccer  Tennis  Water  Winter/SnowSports/Fitness  GeneralStocks  GeneralSupermarkets  GeneralTechnology  Biotechnology  Computer  Electronics  Enterprise Software  Games  Graphics/Printing/CAD  Hardware / Peripherals  Industrial  Information  Internet  Multimedia  Networking  Public Sector/Government  Robotics  Semiconductor  Software  Telecommunications  WebmastersTelecom  General  WirelessTelevision  GeneralTobacco  GeneralTrade  GeneralTransportation  GeneralTravel  GeneralUtilities  GeneralVolunteer  VolunteerWeather  Weather Advertising | How to contact us | Privacy Statement | EmailWire Press Releases | Partnership Opportunities EmailWire is a press release distribution service of GroupWeb Media LLC. © Copyright GroupWeb Media LLC 2017
Latest News Dow 21,206 +62.11 +0.29% Nasdaq 6,306 +58.97 +0.94% S&P 500 2,439 +9.01 +0.37% 12:38 A.M. ET Updated Saudi Arabia, Bahrain, UAE sever diplomatic relations with Qatar 6/04 Updated Asian markets hold steady, shaking off U.K. tensions 6/04 Updated Herbalife to lower its quarterly sales outlook: report 6/04 Vladimir Putin was being a troll and Megyn Kelly wasn’t having it 6/04 Top Democrat says there’s smoke, but ‘no smoking gun’ yet in Russia probe 6/04 Updated This is why baby boomers are divorcing at a stunning rate 6/04 Putin denies U.S. election meddling, says he barely met Mike Flynn 6/04 Updated 4 lifestyle changes to reduce your cancer risk 6/04 Updated 9 secrets to staying young 6/04 Updated How to get all Americans to save for retirement 6/04 Updated When does the five-year rule apply to Roth IRAs? 6/04 Updated Facebook aims to be ‘hostile environment for terrorists’ 6/04 Updated You’ve probably never heard of the fastest-growing job in America (clue: it helps the environment) 6/04 Updated U.S. households now have as much debt as they had in 2008 6/04 Updated Baby boomers ruined America, according to this Generation X author 6/04 Updated Teenage boys and girls are choosing very different careers 6/04 Updated More evidence student debt is making young people think twice about marriage 6/04 Updated 11 ways to build a Paris climate change accord — in your own community 6/04 Updated Is my golfing buddy the cheapest guy in America? He asked me to Venmo him $1.50 6/04 Updated Want to help the environment? Use solar power — without putting panels on your roof Log In Home News Viewer Video SectorWatch Podcasts First Take Games Portfolio My MarketWatch News Viewer Markets U.S. Europe/Middle East Emerging Markets Asia Canada SectorWatch Columns Market Snapshot Movers & Shakers The Tell Currencies Futures Movers Pre-Market News Tools Earnings Wall Markets Overview IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar Currency Tools Futures Contracts Market Screener Hulbert Interactive Investing Stocks Mutual Funds ETFs Options Bonds Commodities Currencies Futures Financial Adviser Center Hedge Funds/Insider Trades Getting Started MarketWatch Adviser Columns Options Trader Revolution Investing Tools Stock Screener Funds Finder ETF Screener Options Screener IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar More... Personal Finance 10 Things Big Spender Real Estate Spending & Saving Taxes Columns The Moneyologist Brett Arends Bill Bischoff Amy Hoak Chuck Jaffe Jennifer Openshaw Jennifer Waters Tools Funds Finder Today's Rates Retirement Retire Here, Not There Encore Taxes How-to Guides Social Security Estate Planning Events Columns Robert Powell's Retirement Portfolio Andrea Coombes's Working Retirement Tools Retirement Planner How long will my money last? Economy Federal Reserve Capitol Report Economic Report Columns Darrell Delamaide Irwin Kellner Rex Nutting Tools Economic Calendar Real Estate realtor.com My MarketWatch Watchlist Alerts Games Log In Home Press Release Immunotherapy Drug Effective For Metastatic Triple Negative Breast Cancer By Published: June 3, 2017 4:50 p.m. ET Share Pembrolizumab Shown to Shrink Tumors -- Regardless of Whether Patient Had Prior Treatment NEW YORK, June 3, 2017 /PRNewswire-USNewswire/ -- The immunotherapy drug pembrolizumab—already FDA-approved for other forms of cancer–has been found to be effective in patients with metastatic triple negative breast cancer, according to an international clinical trial led by NYU Langone's Perlmutter Cancer Center. The trial investigated the drug in two separate cohorts of patients: Cohort A, which included 170 patients with heavily pretreated metastatic triple negative breast cancer (mTNBC) regardless of PD-L1 expression, and Cohort B, which included 52 patients with PD-L1-positive tumors who received it as first-line therapy.  In Cohort A, pembrolizumab shrunk tumors by more than 30 percent in eight of 170 patients, or five percent, and stabilized the disease in 35, or 21 percent, of those previously treated for mTNBC. Of the eight who experienced tumor reduction, all of them lived at least another year. The remaining patients in this cohort had a lower chance of survival. In Cohort B—those who received pembrolizumab as first-line therapy—12 of 52 patients, or 23 percent, saw tumors shrink by more than 30 percent, while the disease was stabilized in nine of them, or 17 percent. Sylvia Adams, MD, associate professor of medical oncology at Perlmutter Cancer Center and principal investigator of this study, presented the findings on June 3 in Chicago at the annual meeting of the American Society of Clinical Oncology. This multi-site trial was conducted at 17 medical centers across four continents. Adams points out that Cohort A is the first phase II study of an immunotherapy for triple negative breast cancer to be reported and represents the largest cohort of patients with mTNBC treated with immunotherapy to date. "Our results suggest that this treatment as a single agent is effective for mTNBC," Adams says. "Interestingly, we found that activity of pembrolizumab was seen in both PD-L1-positive and -negative tumors. These data are very encouraging, especially for a disease that is extremely aggressive and has limited treatment options when it metastasizes." The goals of Cohort B, for which survival data are not yet complete, were, primarily, to prove pembrolizumab's safety and, secondarily, to explore its efficacy as a first-line treatment. Both goals appear to have been met. "This research contributes to a larger body of knowledge that could help provide better outcomes to women with few treatment options," Adams adds. "The data also suggest that immunotherapy administered earlier in the disease course is more beneficial, as response rates are much greater in first- compared to second- or later lines of therapy." Pembrolizumab, marketed under the name Keytruda, was well tolerated by both cohorts at a 200mg dose every three weeks, according to study results. Only 12 percent of patients in Cohort A experienced severe side effects and only eight percent experienced them in Cohort B. The most common side effects in both patient populations were fatigue and nausea. Although side effects led to discontinuation of treatment in seven patients from Cohort A, no patients in Cohort B discontinued treatment due to adverse side effects. Triple negative breast cancer, which represents approximately 15 percent of all breast cancer diagnoses, is considered by many experts the most deadly form of the disease. Because it tests negatively for estrogen and progesterone receptors, it is unresponsive to hormonal therapies. Recurrence is common and often leads to metastases in other organs. Currently, mTNBC is treated with chemotherapy, which is typically associated with significant toxicity and numerous side effects. Conversely, the side effects of pembrolizumab are much less frequent and more tolerable, says Adams. Adams says more research is needed—such as identifying biomarkers, testing combination therapies and expanding clinical study to larger patient cohorts. Still, she is optimistic. "Although only a small subset of women responded to the drug, within that subset pembrolizumab worked extremely well and responses were durable," Adams adds. "By causing fewer side effects and promoting longer life expectancy, pembrolizumab could help change the outcome of mTNBC." Merck, the manufacturer of pembrolizumab, funded this clinical trial and provided Adams and her colleagues with research support. Media Inquiries: Jamie Liptack Phone: 646.530.0454 / Jamie.liptack@nyumc.org To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/immunotherapy-drug-effective-for-metastatic-triple-negative-breast-cancer-300467438.html SOURCE NYU Langone Medical Center Copyright (C) 2017 PR Newswire. All rights reserved From MarketWatch More Coverage Trump Announcement on Paris Climate Accord Most Popular Stock market bracing for potentially the most explosive stretch of trading this year Harley-Davidson is recalling 57,000 motorcycles Paint your bathroom this color and boost your home’s selling price by $5,400 Costco versus Amazon Prime — which membership offers more value? Trump Quits Climate Deal — Citing ‘America First’ MarketWatch Partner Center Sponsored Headlines MarketWatch Site Index Topics Help Feedback Newsroom Roster Media Archive Premium Products Mobile Company Company Info Code of Conduct Corrections Advertising Media Kit Advertise Locally Reprints & Licensing Broker Center Your Ad Choices Dow Jones Network WSJ.com Barron's Online BigCharts Virtual Stock Exchange Financial News London WSJ.com Small Business realtor.com Mansion Global Back to Top Copyright ©2017 MarketWatch, Inc. All rights reserved. By using this site you agree to the Terms of Service, Privacy Policy, and Cookie Policy. Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real-time last sale data for U.S. stock quotes reflect trades reported through Nasdaq only. Intraday data delayed at least 15 minutes or per exchange requirements. Advanced Search Stocks Columns Authors Topics No results found
