Remember Me Albuquerque Journal SUBSCRIBE NOW For only $12 Sign In Search News Sections Latest News Nation/World Front Page Politics Crime Science Education Living Health Roads & Traffic Photos Video Submit a news tip Archives In your community ABQ Metro Santa Fe Rio Rancho New Mexico Crime Map Community Data Property Crime Offenders City Hall with Dan McKay Inside the beltway with Michael Coleman NM Borderlands with Lauren Villagran NM Higher Ed. with Chris Quintana Sports Sections UNM Lobos NMSU Aggies High School Local Pro Teams Boxing/MMA Golf Other Local Go! Outdoor Sports AP NFL Coverage Speak Up! Email to Speak Up! Grammer School on Lobo basketball Rick is Wright on Lobo football Business Sections Success Real Estate Careers/Jobs Retail Technology Health Care Energy Business Columns Business Outlook Newsletters Retail Roundup with Jessica Dyer Scammed, Etc. with Ellen Marks Entertainment Sections Movie News Dining Movie Listings Arts TV News Music TV Listings Calendar Fetch! (pet pics) Go! Outdoors Special Sections Living Puzzles Comics Reel NM with Adrian Gomez Video Games with Greg Peretti All In with Rozanna Martinez Brews News with Rozanna Martinez & Jessica Dyer Obituaries Sections Profiles Submit an obituary Opinion Sections Editorials Upfront Syndicated columns Guest columns Letters Caption contest Your opinion Send a letter to the editor Submit Speakup Submit Sports Speakup Calendar Add a calendar event Real Estate Open Houses Classifieds Real Estate Open Houses Garage sales Legals Place an ad Jobs Look for a job Browse by category Employer directory Post a job Cars Build a new vehicle Compare vehicles Research vehicles Auto reviews Subscribe Success! — Manage subscriptions Sign up for our Newsletters ! 68° Share Preteens need only 2 HPV shots not 3, CDC says By Mike Stobbe / Associated Press Published: Wednesday, October 19th, 2016 at 5:30pm Updated: Wednesday, October 19th, 2016 at 5:30pm This image made available by Merck in October 2016 shows a vial and package for their GARDASIL 9 human papillomavirus vaccine. On Wednesday, Oct. 19, 2016, a government panel said preteens need only get two doses of HPV vaccine instead of three -- a move some hope will raise languishing HPV vaccination rates. Health officials say fewer than a third of 13-year-old U.S. boys and girls get all the necessary shots to protect them against human papillomaviruses (Merck via AP) .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... ..........NEW YORK — It’s now easier for preteens to get the cervical cancer vaccine. The government on Wednesday quickly adopted a recommendation that preteens get two shots instead of three and space them further apart. Health officials hope that will boost the number of girls and boys who get vaccinated. “It will be simpler now for parents to get their kids the HPV vaccine series, and protect their kids from HPV cancers,” said Dr. Nancy Messonnier of the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention. The vaccine protects against human papillomavirus — or HPV — which can cause cervical cancer, certain other cancers and genital warts. It is commonly spread through sex and, in most cases, the virus doesn’t cause any problems. But some infections gradually lead to cancer. Advertisement Continue reading Health officials want kids to get HPV vaccinations at age 11 or 12, well before most first have sex and before they could be infected. But less than one-third of 13-year-old U.S. boys and girls have gotten three doses. Busy parents have struggled with the old schedule, which called for three trips to the doctor within six months. “I know people who say ‘I can’t do that. Why even start?'” said Cynthia Pellegrini, a March of Dimes official who sits on the panel. Recent studies have shown two doses of the current HPV vaccine — Gardasil 9 — work just as well in kids ages 9 to 14. The Food and Drug Administration two weeks ago said it could be given in two doses. What’s more, two doses apparently work better when spaced six to 12 months apart. That means they could be given at annual checkups. The Advisory Committee on Immunization Practices made the recommendation at a meeting in Atlanta. The panel stuck with three doses for anyone who doesn’t get their first shot until they turn 15. That’s because they didn’t have enough data on how well two doses worked in older kids. The vaccine was first recommended in 2006 for girls, and then for boys in 2011 — partly to reduce the spread of HPV to girls. Vaccination rates have risen very slowly, and health officials have lamented the underuse of a potent cancer prevention tool. Too many doctors have been timid about promoting the shots, experts say. That’s at least partly because some parents have worried the vaccination seems like they are greenlighting their kids to have sex. But the onerous schedule sure didn’t help. “I think it was the icing on the cake” for parents already hesitant about HPV shots, said Dr. William Schaffner, a vaccines expert at Vanderbilt University. Until recently, there were three HPV vaccines on the market. Now there’s only one — Merck & Co.’s Gardasil 9. This month, the company stopped selling an older version. GlaxoSmithKline phased out its vaccine, Cervarix, in the U.S. because of poor sales. Share Tweet LinkedIn Email Print Subscribe More News Advertisement Comments Subscribe to the Journal for only $12. QUICK LINKS Home Search Weather Archives Puzzles Comics CONTACT THE JOURNAL Staff directory Submit a news tip 505-823-3800 Send a letter to the editor Submit an obituary Advertise in the Journal SUBSCRIBER SERVICES Account services Subscribe to the Journal Recover username/password 505-823-4400 Access our archives Place a classified ad Privacy policy RELATED SITES & PARTNERS Journal Rewards Puzzles News in Education Mountain View Telegraph Rio Rancho Observer Valencia News-Bulletin El Defensor Chieftain Kirtland AFB Nucleus Copyright © 2016 Albuquerque Journal | Albuquerque, N.M. TOP |
You are the owner of this article. Edit Article Add New Article About Us Contact Us Advertise with Us App Downloads Subscriptions Subscriber Services Globe text and email alerts Carrier Application Paper Locations e-Edition News Crime and Courts Lifestyles: Entertainment, Life and more Midwest Youth Special Sections National News Tornado Recovery Joplin Strong, Joplin Proud: A Story of Recovery NIE Globe Español Sports Local Sports National Sports College Football Experts Club Classifieds Jobs Homes Place an Ad Classifieds Autos Community Anniversary Engagements Weddings Births Photos Opinion Columns Editorials Letters to the Editor Obituaries Death Notices Shop Coupon Deals Weekly Ads 247bizsearch.com Newspaper Ads Public Notices About Us Contact Us e-Edition App Downloads Subscriptions Login 62° Clear Joplin, MO (64801) Today Mainly clear. Tonight Clear to partly cloudy. Low 43F. Winds light and variable. Updated: November 14, 2016 @ 4:53 pm Full Forecast Toggle navigation About Us Contact Us Advertise with Us App Downloads Subscriptions Subscriber Services Globe text and email alerts Carrier Application Paper Locations e-Edition News Crime and Courts Lifestyles: Entertainment, Life and more Midwest Youth Special Sections National News Tornado Recovery Joplin Strong, Joplin Proud: A Story of Recovery NIE Globe Español Sports Local Sports National Sports College Football Experts Club Top Story Three MIAA football programs clinch national tourney bids Northwest Missouri State laid claim to the No. 1 overall seed and Emporia State and Central Missouri joined the defending national champions in the NCAA Division II Super Region 3, the NCAA announced Sunday afternoon. More Headlines Missouri Southern women suffer first loss Jerry Kill returns to Webb City for book signing Lamar rolls past Liberty-Mountain View OCC spikers finish fourth in ACCA Tournament Classifieds Jobs Homes Place an Ad Classifieds Autos Community Anniversary Engagements Weddings Births Photos Top Story Louie and Mary Sue Evans Louie and Mary Sue Evans, of Joplin, Mo., will celebrate their 50th wedding anniversary on Nov. 15, 2016. More Headlines Fred and Gerrie Kerby Glenn Brumback Elsie Geraldine "Gerri" Crouch Gary and Phyllis Hoskins Opinion Columns Editorials Letters to the Editor Top Story Carol Stark: Journalists, hate and the message I’ll be greeting about 50 high school journalism students on Monday. They each work on their school’s newspaper or magazine and will be looking for advice on how to find stories, write ledes and take better photos. More Headlines Veterans Day essays: Grades 7-8 Geoff Caldwell: Nation's rust belt roars back Our View: For our daughters Veterans Day essays: 11-12th grades Obituaries Death Notices Shop Coupon Deals Weekly Ads 247bizsearch.com Newspaper Ads Public Notices Close HONS This image made available by Merck in October 2016 shows a vial and package for their GARDASIL 9 human papillomavirus vaccine. On Wednesday, Oct. 19, 2016, a government panel said preteens need only get two doses of HPV vaccine instead of three _ a move some hope will raise languishing HPV vaccination rates. Health officials say fewer than a third of 13-year-old U.S. boys and girls get all the necessary shots to protect them against human papillomaviruses (Merck via AP) AP Preteens need only 2 HPV shots _ not 3, CDC says By MIKE STOBBE AP Medical Writer Oct 19, 2016 HONS This image made available by Merck in October 2016 shows a vial and package for their GARDASIL 9 human papillomavirus vaccine. On Wednesday, Oct. 19, 2016, a government panel said preteens need only get two doses of HPV vaccine instead of three _ a move some hope will raise languishing HPV vaccination rates. Health officials say fewer than a third of 13-year-old U.S. boys and girls get all the necessary shots to protect them against human papillomaviruses (Merck via AP) NEW YORK (AP) — It's now easier for preteens to get the cervical cancer vaccine. The government on Wednesday quickly adopted a recommendation that preteens get two shots instead of three and space them further apart. Health officials hope that will boost the number of girls and boys who get vaccinated. "It will be simpler now for parents to get their kids the HPV vaccine series, and protect their kids from HPV cancers," said Dr. Nancy Messonnier of the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention. The vaccine protects against human papillomavirus — or HPV — which can cause cervical cancer, certain other cancers and genital warts. It is commonly spread through sex and, in most cases, the virus doesn't cause any problems. But some infections gradually lead to cancer. Health officials want kids to get HPV vaccinations at age 11 or 12, well before most first have sex and before they could be infected. But less than one-third of 13-year-old U.S. boys and girls have gotten three doses. Busy parents have struggled with the old schedule, which called for three trips to the doctor within six months. "I know people who say 'I can't do that. Why even start?'" said Cynthia Pellegrini, a March of Dimes official who sits on the panel. Recent studies have shown two doses of the current HPV vaccine — Gardasil 9 — work just as well in kids ages 9 to 14. The Food and Drug Administration two weeks ago said it could be given in two doses. What's more, two doses apparently work better when spaced six to 12 months apart. That means they could be given at annual checkups. The Advisory Committee on Immunization Practices made the recommendation at a meeting in Atlanta. The panel stuck with three doses for anyone who doesn't get their first shot until they turn 15. That's because they didn't have enough data on how well two doses worked in older kids. The vaccine was first recommended in 2006 for girls, and then for boys in 2011 — partly to reduce the spread of HPV to girls. Vaccination rates have risen very slowly, and health officials have lamented the underuse of a potent cancer prevention tool. Too many doctors have been timid about promoting the shots, experts say. That's at least partly because some parents have worried the vaccination seems like they are greenlighting their kids to have sex. But the onerous schedule sure didn't help. "I think it was the icing on the cake" for parents already hesitant about HPV shots, said Dr. William Schaffner, a vaccines expert at Vanderbilt University. Until recently, there were three HPV vaccines on the market. Now there's only one — Merck & Co.'s Gardasil 9. This month, the company stopped selling an older version. GlaxoSmithKline phased out its vaccine, Cervarix, in the U.S. because of poor sales. Tags Business Health Immunizations Sexually Transmitted Diseases Sexual And Reproductive Health Infectious Diseases Diseases And Conditions Public Health Child And Teen Health Cancer Women's Health Locations United States North America We have recently upgraded our commenting system. If you wish to comment please login using your social ID or create a new account. ADVERTISERS Latest Video MORE VIDEOS Most Popular Articles Images Videos Commented Articles Two Noel residents accused of assaulting Muslim woman Former Carthage resident fatally shot in Louisville Joplin gang member takes plea deal WWII veteran casts ballot in Joplin amid applause from voters Drug enforcement team serves search warrants Levi Copelin finishes with breakout season at PSU Election results by county: How Four-States Area voters voted PLAYOFFS LIVE BLOG: Carthage, Lamar continue quests for state titles Hispanic community absorbs Trump's win Josiah Bennett blossoms as MSSU wide receiver Images Videos Commented Sorry, there are no recent results for popular commented articles. Follow us Special Sections From the area's latest entertainment to the real estate market, The Joplin Globe's special publications give an in-depth look at living across the region. Globe Photos To view or purchase photos, visit photos.joplinglobe.com Sections News Sports Community Opinion Obituaries Photos Video Gallery Weather Services About Us Contact Us Advertise with Us Submission Forms Advertiser Index E-edition Contact Information joplinglobe.com 117 East 4th Street Joplin, MO 64801 Phone: (800) 444-8514 Email: news@joplinglobe.com Follow Us © Copyright 2016 Joplin Globe, 117 East 4th Street Joplin, MO | Terms of Use | Privacy Policy Powered by BLOX Content Management System from TownNews.com.
View mobile site View mobile site Follow us on         Tulsa's 24-Hour News, Weather and Traffic Hi, (not you?) | Member Center | Sign Out Sign In | Register recent on-air advertisers Now Playing Now PlayingNews-Talk 740 KRMG Tulsa's 24-Hour News, ... Listen Live Search Home News Top Stories Oklahoma News US News World News Breaking News Text Alerts Weather 5-Day Forecast KRMG NexRad HD Radar Severe Weather Preparedness TAKE ACTION: Avoid illness during the summer heat Winter Weather Tips Severe Weather Text Alerts School/Business/Church Closings LIVE StormCenter Chase Cameras Traffic Accidents in Tulsa Current ODOT Construction Projects Traffic Cameras Find the lowest gas prices Accident Report Form Red Alert Traffic Texts The KRMG Morning News Behind the Scenes Blog JAMIE DUPREE Jamie Dupree on Twitter Inside KRMG Air Staff Submit A News Tip KRMG Insider Newsletter Event Guide Community Page How To Advertise On KRMG Concerts Contact Us CoxHSHub.com Tulsa Live Events Union Football Shows KRMG Morning News Herman Cain Rush Limbaugh Sean Hannity KRMG Evening News Clark Howard Kilmeade & Friends The Dana Show Chad Benson Show Wheels Car Care Show KRMG.com Presents Voices of Oklahoma Radio KRMG Ask the Experts Weekend The KRMG Gardening Show Contests The KRMG App KRMG TEXT ALERTS Breaking News Alerts Weather Alerts Red Alert Traffic 3 Big Things Home   >  AP   >  Top News Updated: 6:26 p.m. Wednesday, Oct. 19, 2016 | Posted: 6:26 p.m. Wednesday, Oct. 19, 2016 Preteens need only 2 HPV shots _ not 3, CDC says Related View Larger  This image made available by Merck in October 2016 shows a vial and package for their GARDASIL 9 human papillomavirus vaccine. On Wednesday, Oct. 19, 2016, a government panel said preteens need only get two doses of HPV vaccine instead of three _ a move some hope will raise languishing HPV vaccination rates. Health officials say fewer than a third of 13-year-old U.S. boys and girls get all the necessary shots to protect them against human papillomaviruses (Merck via AP) By MIKE STOBBE The Associated Press NEW YORK — It's now easier for preteens to get the cervical cancer vaccine. The government on Wednesday quickly adopted a recommendation that preteens get two shots instead of three and space them further apart. Health officials hope that will boost the number of girls and boys who get vaccinated. "It will be simpler now for parents to get their kids the HPV vaccine series, and protect their kids from HPV cancers," said Dr. Nancy Messonnier of the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention. The vaccine protects against human papillomavirus — or HPV — which can cause cervical cancer, certain other cancers and genital warts. It is commonly spread through sex and, in most cases, the virus doesn't cause any problems. But some infections gradually lead to cancer. Health officials want kids to get HPV vaccinations at age 11 or 12, well before most first have sex and before they could be infected. But less than one-third of 13-year-old U.S. boys and girls have gotten three doses. Busy parents have struggled with the old schedule, which called for three trips to the doctor within six months. "I know people who say 'I can't do that. Why even start?'" said Cynthia Pellegrini, a March of Dimes official who sits on the panel. Recent studies have shown two doses of the current HPV vaccine — Gardasil 9 — work just as well in kids ages 9 to 14. The Food and Drug Administration two weeks ago said it could be given in two doses. What's more, two doses apparently work better when spaced six to 12 months apart. That means they could be given at annual checkups. The Advisory Committee on Immunization Practices made the recommendation at a meeting in Atlanta. The panel stuck with three doses for anyone who doesn't get their first shot until they turn 15. That's because they didn't have enough data on how well two doses worked in older kids. The vaccine was first recommended in 2006 for girls, and then for boys in 2011 — partly to reduce the spread of HPV to girls. Vaccination rates have risen very slowly, and health officials have lamented the underuse of a potent cancer prevention tool. Too many doctors have been timid about promoting the shots, experts say. That's at least partly because some parents have worried the vaccination seems like they are greenlighting their kids to have sex. But the onerous schedule sure didn't help. "I think it was the icing on the cake" for parents already hesitant about HPV shots, said Dr. William Schaffner, a vaccines expert at Vanderbilt University. Until recently, there were three HPV vaccines on the market. Now there's only one — Merck & Co.'s Gardasil 9. This month, the company stopped selling an older version. GlaxoSmithKline phased out its vaccine, Cervarix, in the U.S. because of poor sales. Copyright The Associated Press     Newsletters RSS Feeds Mobile @KRMGTulsa Trending News Princess Kate looks just like Princess Diana in stunning photo Mannequin challenge: Beyonce, Britney Spears, other celebrities get in on the trend Justin Ross Harris found guilty of murder in son's hot car death Trump may deport up to 3 million illegal immigrants Bella, pug that walks on hind legs, doing well after surgery   News/Weather/Traffic News Weather Traffic Event Guide Events Follow and Share RSS Feeds Advertisers and Sponsors How to Advertise Recent on-air advertisers Cars at Autotrader Local Services at Kudzu Valpak Tulsa Coupons Rare - Conservative News About Us Contact Us Work With Us EEOC Statement Help Audio Help Video Help Search Help   © 2016 Cox Media Group. By using this website, you accept the terms of our Visitor Agreement and Privacy Policy, and understand your options regarding Ad Choices. Learn about careers at Cox Media Group   View mobile site View mobile site Enterprise Feedback Management Survey Software Sign In / Register Sign in with your existing account {* loginWidget *} Sign in with your email {* #userInformationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* traditionalSignIn_password *} {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} Forgot your password? {* /userInformationForm *} New User?Create a New Account Sign In / Register Welcome Back {* welcomeName *} {* loginWidget *} Use another account Sign In / Register Welcome back. Please sign in {* #userInformationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* traditionalSignIn_password *} {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} Forgot your password? Use another account {* /userInformationForm *} You're Almost Done! Select a display name and password {* #socialRegistrationForm *} {* socialRegistration_displayName *} {* socialRegistration_emailAddress *} {* traditionalRegistration_password *} {* traditionalRegistration_passwordConfirm *} Tell us about yourself {* registration_firstName *} {* registration_lastName *} {* registration_postalZip *} {* registration_birthday *} {* registration_gender *} *Indicates Required Field {* agreeToTerms *} {* backButton *} {* socialRegistration_signInButton *} {* /socialRegistrationForm *} Create a New Account Select a display name and password Already have an account? Sign In {* #registrationForm *} {* traditionalRegistration_displayName *} {* traditionalRegistration_emailAddress *} {* traditionalRegistration_password *} {* traditionalRegistration_passwordConfirm *} Tell us about yourself {* registration_firstName *} {* registration_lastName *} {* registration_postalZip *} {* registration_birthday *} {* registration_gender *} *Indicates Required Field {* agreeToTerms *} {* createAccountButton *} {* /registrationForm *} Create a New Account Already have an account? Sign In {* #registrationFormBlank *} {* registration_firstName *} {* registration_lastName *} {* traditionalRegistration_displayName *} {* traditionalRegistration_emailAddressBlank *} {* registration_birthday *} {* registration_gender *} {* registration_postalZip *} {* traditionalRegistration_passwordBlank *} {* traditionalRegistration_passwordConfirmBlank *} *Indicates Required Field {* agreeToTerms *} {* backButton *} {* createAccountButton *} {* /registrationForm *} Thank you for registering! We have sent you a confirmation email. Please check your email and click on the link to activate your account. Close Thank you for registering! We look forward to seeing you frequently. Visit us and sign in to update your profile, receive the latest news and keep up to date with mobile alerts. Close Create a new password Don't worry, it happens. We'll send you a link to create a new password. {* #forgotPasswordForm *} {* forgotPassword_emailAddress *} {* backButton *} {* forgotPassword_sendButton *} {* /forgotPasswordForm *} Email sent We have sent you an email with a link to change your password. Close Create a new password We've sent an email with instructions to create a new password. Your existing password has not been changed. Close {* mergeAccounts *} Sign in to complete account merge {* #tradAuthenticateMergeForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* mergePassword *} {* backButton *} {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} {* /tradAuthenticateMergeForm *} Resend Email Verification To sign in you must verify your email address. Fill out the form below and we'll send you an email to verify. {* #resendVerificationForm *} {* resendVerification_emailAddress *} {* newPasswordFormButton *} {* /resendVerificationForm *} Your Verification Email Has Been Sent Check your email for a link to verify your email address. Sign in
Latest News Dow 18,869 +21.03 +0.11% Nasdaq 5,218 -18.72 -0.36% S&P 500 2,164 -0.25 -0.01% 6:41 P.M. ET President Obama Details Transition in Press Conference 6:39 P.M. ET FriendFinder breach may have exposed 412 million users’ data 6:20 P.M. ET Google to block its ads from fake-news sites 6:18 P.M. ET 'Mars': National Geographic Network's Moonshot 6:04 P.M. ET Obama Addresses Concerns About Bannon's Appointment 6:06 P.M. ET Updated David Einhorn’s Greenlight Capital reduces stakes in Apple, GM, buys U.S. Steel 6:04 P.M. ET Updated SEC chief Mary Jo White announces plans to leave 6:02 P.M. ET Obama Addresses Concerns About Bannon's Appointment 5:47 P.M. ET Updated Deutsche Bank raises S&P 500 year-end target after postelection rally 5:35 P.M. ET George Soros buys stakes in Alphabet, Netflix, dumps Disney, General Motors 5:31 P.M. ET Updated Donald Trump and Vladimir Putin speak by phone 5:19 P.M. ET Financial services industry is at risk to get even whiter 5:15 P.M. ET David Tepper's hedge fund buys new stakes in Apple, Bank of America and Facebook 5:11 P.M. ET Estee Lauder to buy Too Faced for $1.45B, looks to 'win with millennials' 5:10 P.M. ET Einhorn adds Aercap, Calpine, United States Steel, trims Apple stake 5:02 P.M. ET My father-in-law married his girlfriend before he died — she won’t return our calls 5:02 P.M. ET Tepper's Appaloosa sells entire 4.4 mln-share stake in 21st Century Fox during Q3--SEC filing 5:02 P.M. ET SEC says Mary Jo White to leave at the end of the Obama administration 5:00 P.M. ET Nasdaq names Adena Friedman president and CEO 5:00 P.M. ET The ‘Trump trade’ is shaking up markets around the globe Log In Home News Viewer Video SectorWatch Podcasts First Take Games Portfolio My MarketWatch News Viewer Markets U.S. Europe/Middle East Emerging Markets Asia Canada SectorWatch Columns Market Snapshot Movers & Shakers The Tell Currencies Futures Movers Pre-Market News Tools Earnings Wall Markets Overview IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar Currency Tools Futures Contracts Market Screener Hulbert Interactive Investing Stocks Mutual Funds ETFs Options Bonds Commodities Currencies Futures Hedge Funds/Insider Trades Getting Started MarketWatch Adviser Columns Options Trader Revolution Investing Tools Stock Screener Funds Finder ETF Screener Options Screener IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar More... Trading Deck . Personal Finance 10 Things Big Spender Real Estate Spending & Saving Taxes Columns The Moneyologist Brett Arends Bill Bischoff Amy Hoak Chuck Jaffe Jennifer Openshaw Jennifer Waters Tools Funds Finder Today's Rates Retirement RetireMentors Encore Taxes Retire Here, Not There How-to Guides Social Security Estate Planning Events Columns Robert Powell's Retirement Portfolio Andrea Coombes's Working Retirement Tools Retirement Planner How long will my money last? Economy Federal Reserve Capitol Report Economic Report Columns Darrell Delamaide Irwin Kellner Rex Nutting Tools Economic Calendar Real Estate Location Scouts realtor.com My MarketWatch Watchlist Alerts Games Log In Until Tokyo Markets Open US Market Snapshot Currencies Commodities Home Press Release Sportscaster Derrin Horton Joins the Effort to Support Clinical Trials for Alzheimer's in the Los Angeles Basin By Published: Oct 19, 2016 10:00 a.m. ET Share UCLA and Other Local Medical Institutions Encourage Increased Involvement of Patients in Clinical Trials via Brain Health Registry LOS ANGELES, Oct. 19, 2016 /PRNewswire/ -- Brain Health Registry, in part with funding from Merck, is extending its outreach to Los Angeles in order to grow its database of potential Alzheimer's clinical trial candidates. L.A.'s leading sportscaster, Derrin Horton, appears in a public service announcement designed to encourage those aged 50+ to join the online registry. Researchers are seeking a larger pool of potential participants from Southern California, including those in under-represented minority groups, with the goal of helping to accelerate the evaluation of investigational treatments for Alzheimer's disease. The Los Angeles area has six sites that are actively enrolling participants for the Amyloid Production and Effects on Cognition Study (APECS).  This study, sponsored by Merck, is evaluating the effects an investigational oral medication and its effects on the progression of early stage Alzheimer's disease. "I'm pleased to help increase participation in Alzheimer's clinical trials any way I can. This devastating disease touches the lives of so many in the Los Angeles area - patients, caregivers and families. I'm hoping that by getting the word out about clinical trials, we can speed development of potential treatments for Alzheimer's," stated Derrick Horton. Local Support – Why LA? According to a report from the Alzheimer's Association, in 2015 there were 177,000 people aged 55+ living with Alzheimer's in Los Angeles County, and is projected to increase. Los Angeles is a key research center for brain health and Alzheimer's. There are 6 sites currently enrolling in the APECS study throughout Los Angeles County. Join the Cause Those who wish to join the research efforts in the fight against Alzheimer's disease can register free at www.la.brainhealthregistry.org. How Registering with Brain Health Registry Can Help to Support Research The clinical trial process is a necessary step to researching and developing potential new treatments for Alzheimer's and any other disease. A critical part of the drug discovery process is recruiting volunteers for clinical trials. This process can sometimes take years. With more than 45,000 volunteers enrolled nationwide, the purpose of the Brain Health Registry is to build a large pool of volunteers who complete questionnaires and take cognitive tests online. Data collected from these volunteers helps scientists track brain function over time, thus enabling them to identify potential candidates for specific clinical trials and research studies. About Merck For 125 years, Merck has been a global health care leader working to help the world be well. Merck is known as MSD outside the United States and Canada. Through our prescription medicines, vaccines, biologic therapies, and animal health products, we work with customers and operate in more than 140 countries to deliver innovative health solutions. We also demonstrate our commitment to increasing access to health care through far-reaching policies, programs and partnerships. For more information, visit www.merck.com and connect with us on Twitter,Facebook,YouTube and LinkedIn. Media Contact:Megan Wilkinson Megan_Wilkinson@merck.com (267) 305-6463 Logo - http://photos.prnewswire.com/prnh/20161018/430129LOGO   To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/sportscaster-derrin-horton-joins-the-effort-to-support-clinical-trials-for-alzheimers-in-the-los-angeles-basin-300347161.html SOURCE Merck Copyright (C) 2016 PR Newswire. All rights reserved MarketWatch Partner Center Celebrity Real Estate News Celebrities renege on their pledges to move out of U.S on the back of Trump win View More Investing If you're shocked that Trump won, you broke 3 basic principles of investing View More Barron's Next Dear President-Elect Trump, a millennial wishlist View More Investing Opinion: A 12-step plan to strengthen your portfolio after Trump's victory View More MarketWatch Site Index Topics Help Feedback Newsroom Roster Media Archive Premium Products Mobile Company Company Info Code of Conduct Corrections Advertising Media Kit Advertise Locally Reprints & Licensing Broker Center Your Ad Choices Dow Jones Network WSJ.com Barron's Online BigCharts Virtual Stock Exchange Financial News Online WSJ.com Small Business realtor.com Mansion Global Back to Top Copyright ©2016 MarketWatch, Inc. All rights reserved. By using this site you agree to the Terms of Service, Privacy Policy, and Cookie Policy. Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. Intraday data delayed per exchange requirements. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real time last sale data provided by NASDAQ. More information on NASDAQ traded symbols and their current financial status. Intraday data delayed 15 minutes for Nasdaq, and 20 minutes for other exchanges. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. SEHK intraday data is provided by SIX Financial Information and is at least 60-minutes delayed. All quotes are in local exchange time. Advanced Search Stocks Columns Authors Topics No results found LatestNews
null
Search Social Menu Regions Diaspora North Africa East Africa Central West Africa South Africa Continental Global News & Analysis Current Affairs History Interviews Development Politics Society Business Long Reads Essays Investigations Features Life Culture Sport Tech Profiles Science Opinions & Blogs Bafour Ankomah Reflections of an Ordinary Woman Back to the Future Guest Columns Under the Neem Tree Search North Africa East Africa South Africa West Africa Central Africa Articles by category Articles by region Advertisers Magazine Latest issue Subscribe Back catalogue In this month's issue ßß Press subscribe RSS Feed Facebook Twitter Linked In Youtube Google Plus Advertisement Close “Merck Africa Luminary” brings African Countries together to Contribute towards Building Healthcare Capacity in the Continent Facebook Twitter Share Rate Comment The Latest “Merck Africa Luminary” brings African Countries together to Contribute towards Building Healthcare Capacity in the Continent Onyekachi Wambu 18 October 2016 no comments Merck conducts its 3rd Luminary for the first time in Francophone Africa. More than 350 African healthcare providers, policy makers and researchers  from more than 25 countries attend “Merck Africa Luminary 2016” to benefit from several educational and social development sessions “Merck More than a Mother” was launched in Francophone Africa with the aim to empower infertile women by improving access to information, health and to change of mind set. Merck also announced the start of its Cancer Access Program which aims to improve cancer care throughout Africa. Merck (MerckGroup.com), a leading science and technology company, today kicked off its third Merck Africa Luminary for the first time for Francophone and Anglophone Africa in Cote D’Ivoire. In her inauguration speech, Her Excellency Dominique Ouattara, the First Lady of Cote D’Ivoire emphasized: “It gives me pleasure to participate in this year’s third Merck Africa Luminary which is being held for the first time in Francophone West Africa and has mobilised people from over 25 African countries for the social and economic development of Africa.” “Our partnership with Merck that we are getting into today will build capacity for health care professionals and contribute to improving health management and facilitate access to existing and forthcoming healthcare solutions in Cote D’Ivoire and also in Africa,” she added. During his inauguration speech, Frank Stangenberg-Haverkamp, Chairman of the Executive Board and Family Board of E.Merck KG emphasized “Merck is a value driven company and that is one of the reasons why Merck is committed to support the social and economic development of Africa by improving access to innovative and equitable healthcare in the continent.” Belén Garijo, Member of Executive Board and CEO of Merck Healthcare emphasized: “Merck is pleased to partner with the Ministry of Health and Government of Côte d’Ivoire to provide improved access to healthcare as part of our long term commitment to the social and economic development in this country and in Africa at large. Merck will continue to work closely with African governments, healthcare stakeholders and academia to contribute to enhancing the quality of healthcare across the African continent.” Merck has brought more than 350 African healthcare providers, policy makers and researchers  from more than 25 Francophone and Anglophone African countries to benefit from valuable educational and social development sessions in both French and English languages with the aim to improve disease management, early detection and prevention with special focus on Diabetes, Hypertension, Cancer, Fertility and Life Science Research. Minister of Health of Côte d’Ivoire, Dr. Raymonde Goudou Coffie stated at the event “We are delighted to host the annual “Merck Africa Luminary” for the first time in West Africa addressing Francophone African countries here in Cote D’Ivoire. Our strategic partnership with Merck will add value to our country not only for boosting the healthcare sector but also for the country’s economic progression.” “Conducting Merck Africa Luminary in Côte d’Ivoire will add great value to Merck’s initiatives to build healthcare capacity in Francophone African countries. It will also enhance collaboration between Anglophone and Francophone countries across the continent. Moreover it will help to establish a network across Africa, America, Asia, and Europe to improve diseases awareness and the quality of healthcare, especially for non-communicable diseases,” said Rasha Kelej, Chief Social Officer, Merck Healthcare. During the Merck Africa Luminary, Merck launched the “Merck More than a Mother” campaign for Francophone African countries. The launch took place during a high-level panel officiated by Her Excellency Madame Brigitte Touadera, the first lady of the Central African Republic. The initiative aims to empower infertile women in Africa by improving their access to information, education and healthcare, and by changing mind-sets to de-stigmatize infertility. ”I am happy to champion the “Merck More than a Mother” initiative as it seeks to expand into Francophone Africa. I believe this initiative will contribute significantly towards eliminating the social suffering and stigmatization of infertile women and raise awareness about infertility prevention, male infertility and the necessity for a team approach to family building among couples. This is very critical for my country and for Africa at large” said Madame Brigitte Touadera. At this year’s Luminary Merck also announced the start of their “Cancer Access Program”. This aims to increase the number of qualified oncologists through providing an African medical oncology fellowship program in partnership with the University of Nairobi and Tata Memorial Hospital in India. Merck has delivered healthcare services throughout Africa since 1897. Africa’s population is rising faster than that of other global markets and there is a growing middle class. The company is increasingly tapping into the continent’s innovative spirit to create health awareness and help respond to unmet medical needs. To underscore its commitment to Africa and in recognition of the continent’s rising importance, Merck has opened an office in Abidjan to serve as a hub for its business activities in Francophone Africa. Merck Africa Luminary is an annual forum where African healthcare providers, policy makers and researchers meet to discuss and develop different strategies and programs to build healthcare capacity and improve access to innovative and equitable healthcare solutions across the continent. The first Merck Africa Luminary was held in Darmstadt, Germany in 2014 and the second in Nairobi, Kenya in 2015.  Distributed by APO on behalf of Merck. About Merck Capacity Advancement Program- Merck CAP: The Merck Capacity Advancement Program (CAP) is a five-year program aiming to expand professional capacity in developing countries in the areas of research and development, advocacy building, supply-chain integrity and efficiency, pharmacovigilance, medical education, and community awareness. It was established in 2012. Merck CAP signature initiatives include the following: Merck Universities Program, Merck Diabetes Day, Merck Cancer Access Program, Merck More than a Mother, UNESCO Merck Africa Research Summit.  About Merck Cancer Access Program: Merck will start this program in Africa with two initiates: 1.    Merck Africa Medical Oncology Program The first Medical Oncology Fellowship Program for Sub-Saharan Africa to be held at University of Nairobi, Kenya and at Tata Memorial Center in India with the aim to increase the limited number of qualified oncologists in the continent. 2.    Merck More than a Patient initiative  In partnership with cancer patients’ organizations across Africa, this will support women cancer survivors to establish small businesses in order to re-build their independent lives and become productive members of society.  About Merck More than a Mother: The aim is to empower infertile women in Africa through improving access to information, education and healthcare, and to change mind-sets around infertility. Please go to www.MerckMoreThanAMother.com for more information. Merck More than a Mother Strategy and Objectives: 1.    Create a culture shift to de-stigmatize infertility and to build respect and understanding around infertile women in Africa. 2.    Raise awareness about infertility prevention management and male infertility by integrating the topics into existing healthcare infrastructure, such as HIV, maternal health, and mother and child programs. 3.    Education and training for African embryologists to build the needed capacity. 4.    Supporting policy makers to define artificial reproductive therapy (ART) policies to improve access to regulated fertility care. 5.    Building advocacy and open dialogue and working closely with governments, policy makers, parliaments, healthcare providers, fertility experts and the media to define interventions that will reduce social suffering and improve access to regulated, effective and safe fertility care in Africa. 6.    Empowering infertile women socially and economically through access to education and healthcare, and by changing mind-sets. For example, empowering women who cannot be treated by helping them to start a small business through the “Empowering Berna” project.  About Merck Universities Program: The program provides European accredited diabetes and hypertension management for medical undergraduates and postgraduates from African universities. It enables them to become diabetes and hypertension ambassadors across the continent, especially in rural areas. More than 12,000 medical students from Angola, Ethiopia, Ghana, Kenya, Mozambique, Namibia, Tanzania and Uganda have benefited from this program and we aim to reach 25,000 by 2018. Merck launched the “Merck Diabetes Award” and the “Merck Hypertension Award” in March 2016 as part of the Merck Capacity Advancement Program for Africa and Asia with the aim to build a platform of diabetes and hypertension experts across the globe.  UNESCO Merck Africa Research Summit: The program aims to bring together researchers from across Africa to discuss the generation, sharing and dissemination of research data and to prepare for the road ahead in Africa’s development as an international hub for research excellence and scientific innovation. Please go to www.UNESCO-mars.com for more information.  To read more about Merck in Africa, go to www.Merck-Africa.com.  About Merck: Merck (MerckGroup.com) is a leading science and technology company in healthcare, life science and performance materials. Around 50,000 employees work to further develop technologies that improve and enhance life – from biopharmaceutical therapies to treat cancer or multiple sclerosis, cutting-edge systems for scientific research and production, to liquid crystals for smartphones and LCD televisions. In 2015, Merck generated sales of € 12.85 billion in 66 countries. Founded in 1668, Merck is the world’s oldest pharmaceutical and chemical company. The founding family remains the majority owner of the publicly listed corporate group. Merck, Darmstadt, Germany holds the global rights to the Merck name and brand. The only exceptions are the United States and Canada, where the company operates as EMD Serono, MilliporeSigma and EMD Performance Materials. All Merck Press Releases are distributed by e-mail at the same time they become available on the Merck Website. Please go to www.merckgroup.com/subscribe to register online, change your selection or discontinue this service.   Media files Download logo Multimedia content Image: H.E. Dominique Ouattara, first lady of Cote D’Ivoire Image: H.E. Brigitte Touadera, First Lady Central African Republic Image: Dignitaries at Merck Africa Luminary – from left to right: Dr. Raymonde Goudou Coffie, Minister of Health, Cote D’Ivoire; H.E. Dominique Ouattara, First Lady, Cote D’Ivoire; H.E. Brigitte Touadera, First Lady Central African Republic; Dr. Belén Garijo, Member of Executive Board and CEO of Merck Healthcare; Dr Rasha Kelej, Chief Social Officer, Merck Healthcare; Yiannis Vlontos, Head Intercontinental Region, Merck; Hon. Virginie Baikoua; Minister Social Affairs and National Reconciliation, Central African Republic; Hon. Sarah Opendi, Minister of Health, Uganda; Hon. Joyce Lay, Member of Parliament, Kenya and Hon. Julia Cassell, Minister of Gender and Child Protection, Liberia Image: From left to right: H.E. Dominique Ouattara, First Lady, Cote D’Ivoire; H.E. Brigitte Touadera, First Lady Central African Republic; Prof. Dr Frank Stangenberg-Haverkamp, Chairman Executive Board and Family Board, Merck; Dr. Belén Garijo, Member of Executive Board and CEO of Merck Healthcare; Dr. Raymonde Goudou Coffie, Minister of Health, Cote D’Ivoire; Dr Rasha Kelej, Chief Social Officer, Merck Healthcare; and Hon. Virginie Baikoua; Minister Social Affairs and National Reconciliation Image: Benda Kithaka from Women4Cancer shows H.E. Dominique Ouattara, First Lady of Cote D’Ivoire some of the African crafts made and sold by women cancer survivors through the support of Merck More than a Patient initiative as H.E. Brigitte Touadera, First Lady Central African Republic; Dr. Belén Garijo, Member of Executive Board and CEO of Merck Healthcare and Dr Rasha Kelej, Chief Social Officer Merck Healthcare admire other products Rate this article Share this article Written by Onyekachi Wambu Onyekachi was educated at the University of Essex and completed his M.Phil in International Relations at Selwyn College, Cambridge. He worked extensively as a journalist and television documentary. He edited The Voice Newspaper at the end of the 1980s and has made documentaries and programmes for the BBC, Channel 4 and PBS. Read our Discussion Policy Related Posts The dti rolls out Safer Paraffin Stoves Awareness Campaign to Kimberly The Department of Trade and Industry (the dti) and its regulatory agencies; the National Consumer Commission (NCC), and the National Regulator for Compulsory Specifications (NRCS) together with the National Disaster Management Centre (NDMC) and Sol Plaatje Local Municipality will roll out its safer paraffin stoves awareness campaign to Kimberley in the Northern Cape on Thursday November 17, 2016. The dti is the custodian of key consumer and corporate regulation policy such as the Consumer Protection Act which bequeaths on South Africans eight fundamental consumer rights which businesses must uphold when they transact with consumers, and the National Regulator for Compulsory Specifications Act which forbids the sale of non-compliant products. According to the Minister of Trade and Industry, Dr Rob Davies the campaign is aimed at educating poor and vulnerable consumers about the importance of using approved appliances that comply with quality and safety and to remove non-compliant appliances from communities in and around Kimberley that pose a risk to their safety and socio-economic wellbeing. “Consumers must be aware of the laws that protect them, and should demand fair value, and good quality from retailers when they transact,” asserts Davies.  “As part of this campaign I have instructed both the NCC and the NRCS to conduct inspections at retailers in Kimberley, to seize all appliances that do not comply with their respective legislation, and to destroy them,” he added. The partnership by the respective government organisations follows an initial winter safety campaign which was kick-started in June 2015 by the NRCS and the NCC, aimed at educating consumers about the importance of using approved appliances such as paraffin stoves and heaters to prevent shack fires which often result in loss of lives and property. Distributed by APO on behalf of The Department of Trade and Industry, South Africa. Media files Download logo A statement by the UK on peaceful elections in Ghana The British Government expresses its concern at recent incidents of political violence in Ghana in the run-up to the presidential and parliamentary elections on 7 December. We condemn all violent acts by the supporters of any political party, including any occurring as a result of holding electoral campaign events close to the private homes of rival candidates. The UK is a great supporter of Ghana’s democracy and of maintaining its electoral record. We admire the open and energetic nature of its campaigns. We believe that violence has absolutely no place in the electoral process. We therefore call on all Ghana’s political actors to promote peace, and to respect Ghana’s electoral and constitutional processes. All political parties should strongly urge their supporters to refrain from, and indeed actively to condemn, any violence, incitement or intimidation which only serve to undermine democracy. The UK reserves the right to take action against anyone engaging in or inciting political violence, including considering refusing or revoking visas. The UK will continue to work with Ghanaian institutions, including the Electoral Commission, Police, Judiciary, National Peace Council, civil society groups and the media to support Ghana’s efforts to hold credible, peaceful and fair elections. The UK remains entirely neutral in those elections. Distributed by APO on behalf of British High Commission Accra. Media files Download logo Dp Ramaphosa to address the Expanded Public Works Programme (EPWP) Summit at the St Georges Hotel, Irene, Pretoria, 15 November 2016 Deputy President Cyril Ramaphosa in his capacity as the chairperson of the Public Employment Inter-Ministerial Committee (PEP-IMC) will on Tuesday, 15 November 2016, address at the Expanded Public Works Programme (EPWP) Summit at St Georges Conference Centre, Irene, Gauteng. The theme for the 3-day Summit from 15-17 November 2016 is: “See, Feel and Experience Public Employment Programmes (PEPs)”. The Summit will review progress achieved since the launch of the Expanded Public Works Programme (EPWP) phase 3 in 2014. The Expanded Public Works Programme is one of government programmes aimed at providing poverty and income relief through temporary work for the unemployed. Furthermore, the Summit will develop various mechanisms to improve the efficiency and effective implementation of the Public Employment Programmes (PEPs) by different role-players to ensure that, collectively the government delivers on its mandate to create over 6 million work opportunities by 2019. In this regard, the Summit will evaluate the policies, governance structures and the use of existing budgets to mainstream the Expanded Public Works Programme including mechanisms to improve reporting, monitoring and evaluation of the programme.  Deputy President Cyril Ramaphosa will be supported by the Premier of Gauteng, David Makhura, the Inter-Ministerial Committee Ministers, Provincial members of the executive councils, executive mayors as well as senior government officials. Media is invited to cover the event as follows: Address by Deputy President Ramaphosa Time: 08h30 Date: 15 November 2016 Venue: St Georges Conference Centre, Irene, Gauteng To RSVP, please contact Mr Sam Bopape on 082 318 5251 Distributed by APO on behalf of Republic of South Africa: Department of Government Communication and Information. Media files Download logo Ambassador of Belarus A.Molchan visits Namibia On November 7-11, 2016 the Ambassador Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary of the Republic of Belarus to the Republic of South Africa and Namibia non-resident Andrei Molchan visited Windhoek (Namibia) to participate in the international conference «Invest in Namibia».   The Belarusian delegation also included representatives of the Belarusian Chamber of Commerce, the Minsk Tractor Plant and OJSC “BelAZ”. During the visit, the Ambassador of Belarus met with the President of the Republic of Namibia, Hage Geingob, and the Deputy Prime Minister — Minister of International Relations and Cooperation, Netumbo Nandi-Ndaitwah. During the meeting, the sides discussed the state and prospects for the development of bilateral relations. A.Molchan also met with the Minister of Higher Education, Training and Innovation of Namibia, representatives of other ministries and authorities, the Head of the Namibian Chamber of Commerce, the Executive Secretary of the Namibia Chamber of Mines, and the Leadership of the state mining corporation «Epangelo Mines» and «Namdeb». The parties discussed prospects of using the Belarusian equipment and technologies for agricultural mechanization of Namibia, issues of cooperation in higher education and technical training, as well as the collaboration in the areas of exploration and mining. Distributed by APO on behalf of Ministry of Foreign Affairs of the Republic of Belarus. Media files Download logo Joint op-ed by Faustin-Archange Touadéra (President of the Central African Republic), Federica Mogherini (High Representative of the European Union for Foreign and Security Policy and Vice-President of the European Commission), Jan Eliasson (Deputy Secretary-General of the United Nations), Makhtar Diop (Vice-President of the World Bank) Three years ago the Central African Republic was on the brink of collapse. But today, the country has changed course. The people of the Central African Republic have chosen to turn the page through free and democratic elections. The international community has accompanied each step of the transition, so that the crisis can be overcome for good. There is now hope for the country to embark on a journey to recovery and renewal. The main factor for this emerging success is the Central Africans themselves, their desire for peace, prosperity and security. But the international community also has a fundamental role to play. Total reconstruction needs are estimated at $1.5 billion over the next three years. At the Brussels Conference for CAR, on November 17th, we will commit together to keeping the Central African Republic at the core of the international agenda, to supporting an ambitious plan for peace and growth, and to advance the reforms the country needs in the years to come. The challenges ahead are immense. Recent tensions have shown that the road towards national reconciliation and reconstruction will still be fraught with obstacles. The security situation, while improving, remains fragile because of attempts by spoilers to incite violence. It is getting harder for humanitarian agencies to reach some 2.3 million people who remain in need – that is, half of the country’s population. More than 380,000 men, women and children are internally displaced: attacks against camps where they are sheltering, as well as attacks against humanitarian partners, have added to a dire situation. To break the cycle of fragility, the country needs long-term investments. Peace, social cohesion and national unity can only be achieved through long-term development. For this reason the Central African Republic, along with its international partners, has engaged in an unprecedented collective effort to chart a sustainable way forward for the country.   A five-year national plan for recovery and peace-building – prepared by the government together with the United Nations, the European Union and the World Bank, in consultation with the population – will be presented at the Brussels conference. This roadmap can help materialise the hopes and aspirations of the Central Africans: from peace and security to economic recovery; from improving the country’s infrastructure to the provision of essential services, such as health, sanitation and education. The programme foresees a strategy for disarmament, demobilisation, reintegration and repatriation; a much needed security and justice sector reform; and a strategy for the return of displaced people. The international community can and must support the government in the implementation of the plan. Over the last three years we have already demonstrated that together we are stronger. A UN peacekeeping mission followed an African Union-led regional force in 2014: ever since it has been protecting civilians, providing security and strengthening the national authorities. The World Bank is helping to improve public finances management, providing employment to vulnerable communities, and restoring basic services and infrastructure. The European Union has deployed the full range of its foreign policy tools, with three military missions and as the largest international provider of relief assistance. And together we are all ready to do even more in the years ahead. In Brussels we will ask our international partners to do their part and also invest in the future of CAR. We now have a far-reaching, forward-looking agenda owned by the government and the people of the Central African Republic. The return of investment will be beneficial not only to the country, but to the entire region – which is now affected by volatility and has been hosting approximately half a million refugees. The Central African Republic can be a land of opportunities. This is not simply about the country’s natural resources, or its strategic position as a hub for regional connectivity. The people of the Central African Republic want to get back to their lives and rebuild their country. The priests, the imams and the community leaders are playing a vital role in the process of national reconciliation. Sixty per cent of the country’s population is under the age of 25: there is incredible energy and desire for regeneration, but they need jobs and economic opportunities to embrace the future. On November 17th, in Brussels, we can help the people of the Central African Republic finally unleash their immense untapped potential. Distributed by APO on behalf of EU Delegation to Rwanda. Media files Download logo Minister for Foreign Trade and Development Mykkänen to visit Tanzania and Kenya Minister of Foreign Trade and Development Kai Mykkänen will visit Tanzania and Kenya on 14–19 November 2016. The two countries are Finland’s long-term partners in development cooperation but now they are hoping for more investments and trade with Finland. The Minister will be accompanied by a delegation of 24 Finnish companies and organisations. “Trade will not replace development aid but without a strong input from the private sector there is a risk that the UN global sustainable development goals will not be reached. Finland will devote particular attention to reinforcing the private sector in the partner countries because that will create new jobs, tax revenue and sustainable solutions to energy, water and other basic necessities,” Mykkänen says. The Finnish delegation will have the opportunity to showcase their solutions to ministers and state institutions in the two host countries. In Tanzania Mykkänen will also attend a forestry investment conference and inaugurate a central control room for electricity supply built in Finnish-Tanzanian cooperation. The Minister will also open a geospatial business event organised by the universities of Turku and Dar es Salaam. In Kenya Mykkänen will attend three events dealing with clean energy, water as well as construction and architecture. In both countries the Minister will also visit Finland’s development cooperation projects. “Tanzania and Kenya are among the biggest economies in East Africa with an annual growth rate of 4–7%. Kenya has succeeded in becoming a lower middle income economy, while Tanzania still has the lowest income level. The business environment has improved in both countries partly as a result of development aid. As an old development cooperation partner, Finland has good opportunities to increase trade in the East African market of 170 million consumers,” Mykkänen says. The visit is organised together with Finpro, which is part of Team Finland. The companies and organisations in the Minister’s Team Finland delegation represent Finnish expertise in forestry, energy, cleantech, water, architecture and geospatial technologies. The following companies and organisations will be represented in the Minister’s delegation: Aalto University Adult Education Centre Kouvola Aquazone Oy Arbonaut Ltd Architects Office/Arkkitehtitoimisto Ponkala Oy AUD Office for Architecture and Urban Design Ltd Eltel Networks Oy Fimatec Oy Finnish Agri-Agency for Food and Forest Development Finnish Fund for Industrial Cooperation Ltd. (FINNFUND) Finnish Water Forum Finnvera Plc Geological Survey of Finland Indufor Oy Kepa, Finnish NGO platform KPA Unicon Oy MAFI Oy NIRAS Finland Sigge Architects Solar Water Solutions Tekes – the Finnish Funding Agency for Innovation/BEAM University of Turku Valmet Technologies Oy Vionice Ltd Wärtsila Netherlands B.V. Inquiries: Heini Pulli, Team Leader (Kenya), tel. +358 50 431 7613, Matti Tervo, Desk Officer (Tanzania), tel. +358 40 132 1308, Unit for Eastern and Western Africa, and Pasi Rajala, Special Adviser to Minister Mykkänen, tel. +358 400 464 393. Distributed by APO on behalf of Ministry of Foreign Affairs of Finland. Media files Download logo Join our mailing list If you would like Independent, Informative and Invaluable news analysis on the African continent, delivered straight to your inbox, join our mailing list. Email address: Help us deliver better content Advertisement   Most Popular Popular In Africa, do black lives matter? US decides and Kenya reacts South Sudan: Escalating food crisis in 2017, FAO warns IMF Staff Completes Mission to Niger The Big Interview with Amma Asante Advertisement Advertisement Events See more events IC Publication's Sister Sites ABM African Business African Business and its award-winning team is widely respected for its editorial excellence. We provide the all important tools enabling you to maintain a critical edge in a continent that is changing the world. Our special reports profile a wide range of sectors and industries including Energy, Oil and Gas, Aviation, Agriculture to name but a few. More from African Business NAW New African Woman Established in 2009, New African Woman has been covering stories that empower, inspire, and celebrate the African woman’s diverse accomplishment in all spheres. It is a colourful lifestyle magazine dedicated to providing in-depth coverage of fashion and beauty, health and wellbeing, parenting and family, and much more. More from New African Woman ICE IC Events IC Events has established itself as one of the leading organisers of African business, economic and political events. From small workshops to large awards ceremonies, our events are recognised as some of the premier fixtures on the international calendar, and provide an excellent opportunity to network with the current decision makers and leaders from around the world. More from IC Events ICP IC Publications IC Publications is one of the world’s leading sources of analysis and debate on African political and economic issues. Using a variety of platforms and services including magazines, electronic media and international events, we deliver unparalleled coverage on the latest developments in Africa. More from IC Publications Category Analysis Politics Regions North Africa East Africa South Africa West Africa Central Africa Magazine Subscribe Advertisers Events Follow RSS Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Google+ YouTube Legal About Us Contact Us Privacy Policy Cookie Policy Terms & Conditions Terms & Conditions – Subscription Partners with
  Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Wires Home My Profile Logout Login Feedback DailyMail NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad Merck's antiviral drug meets main goal in late-stage trial By Reuters Published: 07:48 EST, 19 October 2016 | Updated: 07:49 EST, 19 October 2016 e-mail Oct 19 (Reuters) - Merck & Co Inc said its experimental drug to prevent cytomegalovirus infection in high-risk bone marrow transplant patients met its primary goal in a late-stage trial. The trial evaluated the efficacy and safety of the drug, letermovir, for prevention of cytomegalovirus infection in adult recipients of a stem cell transplant. The drug was administered once daily, either in oral tablet or IV formulation, to patients and continued for about 100 days after the transplant. Cytomegalovirus is a member of the herpes virus family and remains a significant cause of viral infections in transplant recipients. (Reporting by Shailesh Kuber; Editing by Martina D'Couto) Share or comment on this article e-mail Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article. Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail     DON'T MISS 'She's modified her face beyond all recognition!' Carol Vorderman, 55, stuns viewers after exhibiting 'frozen' complexion on I'm A Celeb It's getting hot in here! Ola Jordan shows off her dancer's body in tiny red bikini as she hits the jungle shower with Sam Quek and Scarlett Moffatt on I'm a Celeb Carol Vorderman, 55, strips down to a VERY racy swimsuit on I'm A Celeb...as 'happily single' star tells campmates 'I do alright' when it comes to men She looks to be doing just fine! Kim Kardashian's friend shares rare photo of reality star recluse as she dresses up in belly dancer costume for fun Ashley James puts on a eye-popping display in an itsy-bitsy bikini as she soaks up the sun on the beach in Ibiza Making the most of the sun 'It's me or the wardrobe!' Frankie Gaff gives Jamie Laing an ultimatum. He found living with her and her 'floordrobe' too much to bear on Made In Chelsea, by Jim Shelley  Cor (rie) blimey! Helen Flanagan showcases her incredible figure in a racy cut-out bikini as she holidays in Dubai with boyfriend Scott Sinclair Chloe Ferry reportedly FIRED from Geordie Shore after 'kicking new housemate Zahida Allen in the head'  The 21-year-old was shown the door Now that's a lesson in style! Myleene Klass exposes her cleavage in plunging jumpsuit as she leads the red carpet glamour at School of Rock press night She's proud of that booty! Khloe Kardashian flaunts her derriere as she does squats at the gym Taking after her bigger sister (in both senses) Real men wear pink! Brooklyn Beckham follows in his mother Victoria's fashionable footsteps as he makes a statement with pink beanie hat Frankie Bridge is the picture of elegance in plunging patterned gown at Virgin awards... after her husband Wayne makes I'm A Celebrity debut PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Tom Hiddleston steps out with a pretty blonde Taylor Swift lookalike... two months after split with pop star Flashed a beaming grin She needs a nap! Pregnant Marion Cotillard looks weary during LA dinner after tirelessly promoting Brad Pitt WWII film Allied Struggling Holly Willoughby is close to tears on This Morning as a distraught mother breaks down over her son's planned suicide during bullying phone-in The Eighties called! Sheridan Smith is unrecognisable as a busty brunette on set of the movie adaptation of comic Jo Brand's book As schizophrenic mum Newly-engaged Pixie Lott can barely contain her glee as she heads to jewellers hours after fiancé Oliver Cheshire popped the question What a gem!  Emma Watson stars as Belle in the first trailer for Disney's long-awaited live action remake of Beauty And The Beast Looks stunning Choosing her prince wasn't ALWAYS such an easy choice! Meghan Markle giggles as she is asked to pick either William or Harry months before romance She's a good sport! Gigi Hadid tries her hand at table tennis as she makes a sweeping entrance at VIP dinner in stylish satin jumpsuit In high spirits 'Worst thing I've ever done': I'm A Celeb's Scarlett, Jordan, Ola and Sam do Bushtucker Trial featuring 120,000 critters... as Moffatt is voted in first From refurbished iPads to a good-as-new Sony PS4: Ways to save money on your children's gifts this Christmas (without any fewer smiles!) SPONSORED Make-up free Coleen Rooney flaunts her trim figure in semi-sheer mesh workout gear as she hits the gym Making the most of her free time Demure Dita! Burlesque extraordinaire Von Teese steps out in modest black polo neck and ornate silver skirt for evening in London Jessica Simpson's father Joe, 58, confirms he has prostate cancer and has already undergone surgery 'He's feeling great now and is optimistic' 'It's like we get a little bit of dad back': Bindi Irwin says she remembers her dad the best every time she puts on her Australia Zoo uniform Not very ladylike! Lady Victoria Hervey, 40, displays more than expected as she flashes perky assets when risqué swimsuit unfastens Dapper Brad Pitt takes selfies with adoring fans at Allied screening in China... as he returns to the public eye after split with Angelina Jolie In better spirits again 'She works really hard': X Factor's Sam Lavery defends Honey G after elimination... as rapper faces backlash for surviving ANOTHER week 'He's such a good man': Marion Cotillard gushes about Allied co-star Brad Pitt... after shooting down rumours of an on set romance Caught up in split Naomi Campbell speaks for the first time about what it means to be black and British and joins other famous stars who were told to limit their ambitions due to their skin colour Take that! Bella Hadid throws a punch as she works out in boxing class after split from The Weeknd Was snug in her black, oversize fuzzy jacket  Girl time! Bella Thorne and Demi Lovato don skinny jeans as they catch up over lunch at the trendy Urth Caffe They both have new romances 'I had a bit of a nervous breakdown' Ryan Reynolds admits secret battle with anxiety as he's named GQ's Man of the Year He's filming Deadpool Coy Khloe Kardashian attempts to go incognito in huge hoodie as she steps out in wake of Tristan Thompson split rumours  Looked glum 'I gave up my career for a really long time': Ayda Field admits she TURNED DOWN a major US TV show to be with husband Robbie Williams 'It was very romantic': Goldie Hawn gets VERY candid about her and Kurt Russell's sex life and discusses split with ex husband Bill Hudson In Aspen, Colorado,  'Fame is the best drug': Lady Gaga opens up about her addiction to stardom as she covers Harper's Bazaar She penned an open essay to the magazine Twice the star power! Madonna puckers up as she and Zac Efron take selfies together at UFC's Connor McGregor star-studded fight Lucky Star 20 years and counting! Ant and Dec sign new three-year deal with ITV marking a landmark anniversary with the channel and promising more I'm A Celeb and BGT until at least 2019 'It's really awkward': Girl On The Train star Haley Bennett on being constantly mistaken for Jennifer Lawrence There is an uncanny likeness 'I lost Jack': Natalie Portman is a heartbroken First Lady after JFK's assassination in emotionally charged trailer for Jackie Natalie Portman flatters her pregnant figure in a striped T-shirt as she runs errands A regular errand-running day, despite the relsease of a mega-bucks trailer Waiting on mom! Jennifer Garner grabs breakfast while Ben Affleck and son Samuel goof around in their car The amicable exes appeared to be relaxed  'I could write a book on back problems!': Duncan James confirms he is fit and well after sudden visit to A&E... five months after emergency surgery on his spine Post election blues: Alec Baldwin looks depressed as he strolls with family before accusing NBC of not allowing SNL to endorse Hillary Clinton Back to her Mean Girls roots! Lindsay Lohan shows off new red locks reminiscent of her infamous movie character in cosy Instagram selfie Showdown! Exes Justin Bieber and Selena Gomez will compete for Artist Of The Year at the American Music Awards On November 20 It's only three weeks old! Amber Rose can't hide her horror as her brand new $371k Rolls-Royce gets rear-ended 'It's awesome!' Hailee Steinfeld opens up about being part of Taylor Swift's squad as she flashes her bra for magazine cover Gave glimpse of her bra 'I felt isolated': Robbie Williams describes the roller coaster ride with drugs, drink and depression that almost killed him... as he gets tearful over his daughter Hat's the way to do it! TOWIE's George Harrison flaunts her enviably svelte figure in a sizzling cut-out monokini as she enjoys a beach break in Spain 'Let's keep fighting to make it a better world for our children': Katie Holmes shares rare photo of daughter Suri with powerful message A productive playdate 'Sort your jaw out!' Vicky Pattison is slammed for 'gurning' on I'm A Celeb Extra Camp... as she mistakes show for Xtra Factor in awkward blunder 'I'm heartbroken, but proud of myself': Daisy Lowe flashes her toned abs in a crop top as she puts on a brave face after Strictly elimination  Put on a brave face 'She's built like a woman': Tommy Hilfiger praises 'smart, funny and humble' Gigi Hadid as he shows off his luxury New York apartment  'The 80s are back!' Luke Hemsworth channels He-Man for retro birthday bash with brother Liam and Miley Cyrus Time is rolling back 'They eat and stargaze': Sean Penn gripes about celebs who attend his foundation's annual gala... but don't donate a cent Looking rugged Ariel Winter posts a VERY cheeky Instagram snap from her Mexican holiday with Levi Meaden and pals Certainly making a splash 'We had good gossip': Courtney Love reveals unlikely friendship with Hillary Clinton... after meeting as they got their hair cut at same salon They met in 1988 'Being right sucks': The Simpsons poke fun at themselves in opening credits of first episode since Trump's election after predicting his presidency 16 years ago Young And The Restless star Corey Sligh, 28, arrested for molesting a girl under the age of 10 in Georgia The arrest took place on October 14 in Georgia Pretty as a petal! Jaime King looks ultra feminine in romantic lace gown at intimate fashion dinner She was certainly the belle of the ball EXCLUSIVE: How Andy Cohen refused an invitation into Cher's bedroom and fuelleda feud between Mariah Carey and Jennifer Lopez Catherine Tyldesley flaunts her toned legs in skintight jeans as she presents radio show... after teasing Corrie's 'heartbreaking' Christmas storyline 'Why are you in, miss? You're a millionaire!' GBBO champ Candice Brown reveals pupils were shocked to see her return to her job as a PE teacher after win Off-duty beauty: Lottie Moss goes make-up free and rocks a casual outfit as she jets out of Barcelona after a girls' weekend  Bare faced chic She's a peach! Adriana Lima flaunts her lean bronzed limbs in pretty floral mini dress as she shops in Miami  Turned sidewalk into her catwalk Nick Knowles moves into estranged wife Jessica's home following 'traumatic' split 11 months ago... after admitting they 'are working through things' 'I've NEVER eaten a takeaway': Mary Berry shares her biggest foodie secrets (and reveals what husband Paul will be getting her for Christmas this year) Secrets of an A-list body: We reveal how YOU can get Mark Wahlberg's pecs The 45-year-old actor is renowned for his toned pecs LeAnn Rimes holds hands with husband Eddie Cibrian as they reunite with his ex-wife Brandi Glanville at son's soccer match Families united Ola Jordan keeps her lace dress ON as she sets up camp in I'm A Celeb... as jealous husband James warns about hitting on his 'firecracker' 'He has never taken responsibility for her': I'm A Celebrity's Larry Lamb 'has a secret daughter who he had at 21... and hasn't seen for 46 years'  'She just didn't even try': Former I'm A Celeb winner Charlie Brooks calls out Helen Flanagan for being 'the worst' campmate at bushtucker trials 'I don't know if it was dancing or a seizure': Cheeky Robbie Williams gives mother-in-law Gwen harsh critique as she dances to Pray on Loose Women Jesy Nelson is seen without her engagement ring AGAIN during Sydney trip... as speculation heightens over 'split' from fiancé Jake Roche PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Hilary Duff shows off her fit figure in a skimpy bikini while on holiday with boyfriend Jason Walsh in Puerto Vallarta  Feeling the heat 'There's so much I wish I could thank him for, just one last time': Leonard Cohen's son writes emotional tribute to his father following his death aged 82 Did Kendall Jenner quit Instagram? Model's account no longer available after ballerina outrage Following Kim's lead and taking a break? Jailed Apollo Nida set to return to Real Housewives Of Atlanta with his new FIANCEE (but what will Phaedra Parks say?) Serving eight years Millie Mackintosh shows off her abs in a berry bikini as she models for boyfriend Hugo Taylor's sunglasses line in Mauritius Wish you were here? Final plans for Leonardo DiCaprio's ultra-luxury private eco resort on 104-acre island off Belize are released  Bought in 2005 'It's been challenging, but like Alan Partridge, I'm bouncing back': Tony Blackburn opens up about returning to BBC radio months after being sacked  'She should be ashamed of herself!' Sharon Osbourne is slammed on Twitter as X Factor fans accuse her of changing her mind at the last minute In need of a drink? Simon Cowell clutches a bottle of beer as he leaves The X Factor with Lauren Silverman after Honey G survives ANOTHER week Getting the after-party started! Dita Von Teese, Dominic Cooper and Ophelia Lovibond let loose at the Evening Standard Theatre Awards Madonna's age gap... between her face and hand: Wrinkled mitts give away the singer's age as she attends UFC bout in New York  Unable to disguise age Chic Julia Roberts is every inch the stylish soccer mom in low-key skinny jeans and a hat as she cheers on her kids Low-key superstar 'You could bleed to death': Kris Jenner warns Kim Kardashian about seeking third natural pregnancy on KUWTK Hard to take in Chrissy Teigen oozes retro glamour in a super-plunging Seventies-style jumpsuit as Fergie goes for a sheer mini at intimate fashion dinner Lindsay Lohan at the centre of a battery case as 'two Russians assault a man accused of spreading rumours about her' More drama The People v OJ Simpson leads the way with six Critics' Choice Awards nominations... as Game Of Thrones gets five Booty-ful day at the beach! Larsa Pippen shows off her fit figure in plunging white swimsuit while sunbathing in Miami Kim K's BFF A head for heights! Carol Vorderman leads the way as she conquers terrifying 300ft walk above city in I'm A Celebrity's first Bushtucker Trial   Ultimate flashing champion! Newly-single Bella Hadid shows off her bra in sheer top as she goes hell for leather on way to Conor McGregor fight EXCLUSIVE: 'I didn't want to leave the house': Frankie Essex says fitness helped her combat depression... as she reveals remarkable weight loss in a bikini 'Who is voting for her?' Honey G faces fresh backlash as talented act Sam Lavery leaves and farcical X Factor rapper isn't even in bottom two Could she win? Wild thing! Busty Ashley James sets pulses racing in a barely-there leopard print bikini as she jets off to Malta Series of sizzling snaps Daisy Lowe misses out on Blackpool as she is voted off Strictly after a  dance off against Greg Rutherford... but Ed Balls sails through again in  Gangnam Style Khloe Kardashian posts cryptic Instagram message amid speculation she's split with new beau Tristan Thompson Over already? 'We never asked to be role models': Perrie Edwards says she feels 'pressure' to act responsibly as she joins Little Mix co-stars for sizzling photo shoot I'm a Celebrity... it's getting hot in here! Joel Dommett, Wayne Bridge and Adam Thomas flash their ripped chests in the first jungle shower of the season 'Larry Lamb for Bond!': Twitter left in hysterics as EastEnders star dives into swamp to save Scarlett Moffatt from canoe disaster on I'm A Celebrity PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Hilary buff! Ms Duff puts her sculpted physique on display in a studded bikini during Mexican holiday Let the sunshine! Biggest surprise ever': Pixie Lott reveals she's engaged to long-term love Oliver Cheshire as she shows off dazzling diamond ring on Instagram  Cruel... No not nature's predators - Sir David Attenborough. He used  'rape' of Snow Leopards to make viewers suffer in Planet Earth II, writes JIM SHELLEY  'If your ex has been an a***hole, it's nice to belittle them': Little Mix stars get candid about faking orgasms and shaming former boyfriends in song 'I thought my life would be normal': Hollywood megastar Goldie Hawn says she only ever wanted to get married, have children and run a dance school  Lily Donaldson shows off her cleavage and legs in a daring dress with thigh-high slit at star-studded Evening Standard Theatre Awards Elizabeth Hurley wows in a plunging black dress as she's joined by her very dapper son Damian, 14, for a night at the Evening Standard Theatre Awards  Still part of the family! Billie Piper wows in glam gown as she jokes with ex Laurence Fox's cousin Freddie at the Evening Standard Theatre Awards Margo Stilley flashes her lace bra and hot pants in raunchy sheer dress as she makes rare red carpet appearance at Evening Standard Awards Now James Corden turns his talents to Christmas ads! Sainsbury's enters the fray with an animated commercial featuring singing from the star In a Potter bother! Fantastic Beasts star Eddie Redmayne reveals he got grilled over wand after trying to smuggle it through customs Pucker up! Jesse Metcalfe and fiancee Cara Santana pack on the PDA at their engagement party They got engaged in August after eight years 'Thank you all so much': The X Factor's Sam Lavery shows little emotion as she is latest contestant to be voted off... after tense singing battle with Ryan Lawrie SPOILER ALERT: 'She's not mine!': Rick Grimes makes explosive revelation about 'daughter' on The Walking Dead More trouble ahead Shameless actor Jody Latham is accused of 'terrorising' a former Apprentice star in feud over his ex-fiancee  Appeared at Manchester Magistrates' Court PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Kourtney Kardashian flaunts fabulous figure in skimpy bikini on romantic getaway in Mexico with on/off beau Scott Disick Alexander McQueen's London penthouse hits the market for £8.5 million (complete with bespoke chandeliers, a dining terrace and walk-in dressing rooms)  Lea Michele shimmers in strapless dress as Kristen Bell goes sheer daring in lacy top for Christmas event in LA Black was back at glitzy event 'Wolf with rabies': Teresa Giudice continues taunting Jacqueline Laurita as fiery RHONJ reunion concludes On/off friendship  Happiest place! Singer Ashlee Simpson and hubby Evan Ross enjoy family bonding day with kids at Disneyland Happy every after  Lily James is spring chic in yellow dress and denim jacket as she is seen for first time on set of Baby Driver Filming the crime comedy in Atlanta A man cave for her Tyga? Kylie Jenner stocks a special room with Playboy magazine for 'the boys' at her Hidden Hills mansion Mags and an ashtray Unhappy birthday to you! Glum Anne Hathaway is a lady in red as she heads out for fancy celebratory dinner She had been stumping for Hillary Clinton What a whirl-wand trip! Eddie Redmayne looks exhausted as he lands in London in time for the premiere of Fantastic Beasts after debuting movie in New York Pregnant Katherine Heigl dresses her baby bump with loose fitting tank top at flea market with husband Josh Kelley Looking for baby gifts? Chic but sombre, the Duchess of Cambridge joins Camilla and Sophie Wessex at the Cenotaph on Remembrance Sunday A von Furstenberg coat  EXCLUSIVE: 'He pursued her heavily': I'm A Celeb's Lisa Snowdon 'devastated' to learn footballer ex Jay Bothroyd was married during eight-month affair 'FIRST look': Ruby Rose posts teaser of The Veronicas' new single On Your Side... which details her love story with singer Jess Origliasso  Kate Beckinsale shows off her slim figure in tight top as she attends AFI FEST in Los Angeles Always looks sensational  'He's the Trump of Strictly': Ed Balls divides viewers after Gangnam Style saves him as it's revealed he'll perform a Great Balls of Fire jive in Blackpool You must be jo-KING? EastEnders hardman Danny Dyer makes heir-larious discovery as it's revealed he is a descendant of royalty Cockney royalty Animal attraction! Make-up free Heidi Klum, 43, gets wild with leopard print at a celeb-studded fundraiser in Los Angeles Wild thing She's got some front! Rebecca Hall looks radiant in low-cut patterned dress at AFI Fest in Los Angeles The Christine star paired her unique dress  Sharp-suited Tom Hiddleston arrives at Evening Standard Theatre Awards in good spirits... amid claims Taylor Swift will sing about their breakup Corrie's Beverley Callard 'hasn't met her 11-month-old grandchild' despite living just down the road  Laura Cross made the claims against the star 'People can call me a mug but we are happy': Megan McKenna stands by reunion with Pete Wicks after sexting scandal... and no longer checks his social media 'It's very sad': Iconic soap star Eileen Derbyshire, 85, may not return to Coronation Street after 55-year run Has been absent now for 12 months 'You had me at bonjour': Make-up free Rebecca Gayheart, 45, shows off her clear complexion as she dons cheeky T-shirt at charity event Nikki Reed stuns in white off-the-shoulder patterned top as she attends ACLU dinner in LA The 28-year-old looked gorgeous as ever She's a real page turner! Actress Emma Roberts goes make-up free as she peruses a newsstand in Los Angeles Looked simply chic SPOILER ALERT: Ecstatic Gemma Winter meets lifelong crush Peter Andre as the pop star makes a cameo on Coronation Street Getting star treatment 'I feel so sorry for her': Catherine Tyldesley steps out in a wintry ensemble as she heads to a radio appearance to tease 'heartbreaking' Xmas storyline Hollywood power couple Jennifer Aniston and Justin Theroux go unnoticed in Germany... after saying he makes her feel 'completely adored' Stunning at 70! Goldie Hawn cuts a fabulous figure in silk dress as she makes an appearance ahead of her comedy show in Melbourne Back to her pre-baby best! Kim Kardashian recycles 2009 Princess Jasmine costume for fun with North She worked hard to get  back in pre-baby shape JK's fantastic new hero is just the magic we need: BRIAN VINER on the latest instalment of the Potter franchise  Plenty to say about restablishment stooges Nicole Kidman reunites with her To Die For director Gus Van Sant and co-star Casey Affleck for Variety taping Cult black comedy Coleen Rooney looks glam in an off-the-shoulder top as she enjoys a girls' night out at new Liverpool restaurant Flashed the flesh From Hollywood to Hollyoaks! Dallas star Linda Gray, 76, brings the glam to Chester in first look at her cameo in the Channel 4 soap  An unlikely arrival She's ripped! Kelly Bensimon wears torn blue jeans while out with daughter Thadeus in New York City Stepped out in New York over the weekend Michelle Keegan 'house-hunting in South Africa' as she prepares to spend eight more months away from Mark Wright for Our Girl filming Billy Bob Thornton smokes a cigarette as he touches down in LA after saying ex-wife Angelina Jolie 'seems OK' following Brad Pitt split Hailey Baldwin flaunts her bikini body in a swimsuit before planting a kiss on her female friend Model and daughter of Stephen Baldwin From Ab Flab to Ab Fab! Helen Lederer sheds eight pounds and drops a dress size in just three days after surviving on 400 calories A DAY 'It's about finding the right balance': Marion Cotillard admits she struggles to balance her professional and personal life... after denying Brad romance The good life! Ariel Winter proudly flaunts backside as she twerks in bikini during Mexican holiday with Levi Meaden and pals Continuing her holiday  Feeding the flock! Jennifer Garner and Ben Affleck provide snacks for family church as they bring their children to Sunday service At Pacific Palisades No comment! Kanye West refuses to confirm if he still plans to run for President in 2020  The 39-year-old Life of Pablo artist ignored questions Kanye West launches a new 'unpretentious' range of clothes - but a jumper will still set you back £1,745 and a T-shirt £159 A real man of the people 'You always inspire': Sylvester Stallone presents Jackie Chan with honourary Oscar... as Arnold Schwarzenegger also pays tribute 'I had a good time with dalliances': Robbie Williams jokes about making the most of his fame, how many of the Spice Girls he's REALLY slept with Swift beatz? Pop princess Taylor calls on rumoured rapper flame Drake 'to help give her music a hip-hop vibe' She reportedly wants to sound edgier Puppy love! Sofia Richie shows taut tummy as pal Cameron Dallas carries cute canine at West Hollywood store Enjoyed some dog time Miranda Kerr is the belle of the ball in an exquisite gold gown as she cosies up to sharp-suited fiancé Evan Spiegel at glittering Baby2Baby Gala Geordie Shore's Sophie Kasaei parades her sun-kissed curves on the beach after defending healthy Size 10 figure Showed off her bikini  'I'm no spring chicken': Ex-Strictly professional Ola Jordan, 34, says she's 'not body-confident' despite sneaking SIX sexy bikinis into I'm A Celeb 'I'm not having another baby, so screw you': EastEnders actress Jacqueline Jossa lashes out at cruel trolls who told her she looked pregnant 'He waited outside for her': Pregnant Amy Childs flees event after man 'threatened to punch her' Outside The Ideal Homes Show 'I only do the things I love': Mary Berry confirms filming for her own cooking show... as Bake-Off makers 'head to court over block on Channel 4 rival' 'That smile ain't nothing but a Dream!': Kris Jenner posts adorable snap of Rob Kardashian cradling his new baby girl Latest addition Jessica Alba goes casual chic as she takes her daughters to the Beverly Hills Farmers' Market She is known for her healthy lifestyle Mia Tyler announces she's expecting her first child by sharing picture of her bump First child for the artist, who is the daughter of Aerosmtih's Steven Scarlett Johansson shows off stunning curves in lilac cutaway dress at Ghost In The Shell trailer launch in Japan Glam evening Pamela Anderson cuts a chic figure as she brings MORE snacks to WikiLeaks founder Julian Assange... after he joked that her vegan treats were 'torture' Jamie Foxx has fun on set with Robert Downey Jr and Jeremy Piven as they film All-Star Weekend Revolves around two tow-truck drivers Kurves ahead! Khloe Kardashian shows off her incredible physique in a burnt orange dress as she heads to stylist Monica Rose's baby shower PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Megan Fox and Brian Austin Green take baby Journey and his older brothers on family outing Family united  'I was a bit of a b***ard': Phil Collins admits to cheating on his ex-wife, but says he was just 'following his heart' Regrets the affair 'I had nothing left to give him': Daisy Lowe falls foul of Strictly curse... as she and beau Bradley 'Frankie' Wade couldn't 'cope with the pressure' If you wannabe my mother: Ex-Spice Girl Victoria Beckham 'wants to manage her son Cruz's pop career' Thinks her experiences make her the perfect candidate Rod Stewart's rarely-seen daughter Ruby follows in her father's footsteps as she opens his tour in Liverpool The apple never falls far from the tree From Top Gear to top rear! Little Mix's Leigh-Anne Pinnock teaches Jeremy Clarkson how to twerk on the Jonathan Ross Show Awkward! GIRL ABOUT TOWN: Finally, Jeremy Clarkson is silenced - by the raging wife of Sir Shifty, Lady Green Someone who can stop the motormouth  GIRL ABOUT TOWN: Phasing out the Fogles! Prince William distances himself from Ben Fogle and his wife  Said to be fed up of Ben talking about him in public GIRL ABOUT TOWN: Doctor Who to marry Lady Rose? Besotted Matt Smith to pop the question to girlfriend Lily James by Christmas  Planning trip to New York Still the Princess of Darkness: X Factor judge Sharon Osbourne, 64, flips the bird as she leaves X Factor post-party looking a little worse for wear Outlandish behaviour Parkinson's sufferer Michael J. Fox appears to go Back To The Future with impassioned guitar solo as he leads special gig to support his charity Nicola Peltz flashes her taut abs in a crop top as she opts for an all-black look in Los Angeles Flashed a hint of her abs as she headed out Eye of the tiger, face of an angel: Ageless Madonna, 58, stuns with extremely taut appearance as she leads star-studded UFC fight crowd Kendall Jenner's hangout bar, Emma Stone's beloved salon and Jennifer Aniston's hiking spot: How to ditch the tourist traps and explore LA like a local A-Lister From Baywatch to bag watch: Giddy Kelly Rohrbach shops 'til she drops as she strains under a heavy load Made shopping look like hard work on Saturday PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Kate Upton and fiancé Justin Verlander put on a tactile display on romantic Italian vacation The 24-year-old model kept close in Florence Sheer delight! Nicole Kidman flashes her cleavage in plunging see-through gown at The Governors Awards... before slipping into classic white high-neck dress for later event 'I don't want to say!' Kris Jenner cries as her mother MJ asks her biggest fear in Keeping Up With The Kardashians Welled up on TV Getting some retail therapy! Julianne Moore and friend Laura Dern browse designer dresses at LA boutique  The 55-year-old looked to be in good spirits  'Loved it!' Kelly Clarkson takes baby Remington and daughter River to Disney World River, 2, and Remington, 7 months,  will have been delighted Danniella Westbrook sports new brunette hairdo, but STILL wears a plaster under her nose... amid reports she's suing Celebrity Botched Up Bodies Hard man Mickey Rourke, 64, proves he's a big softy at heart as muscular actor cradles beloved fluffy pooch The age-defying actor, 64, showed off his bulging biceps People wanted to kill me, says Prince Harry's girl: Meghan Markle opens up to PIERS MORGAN about dating, death threats and most embarrassing moment  Bataclan TURNS AWAY Eagles of Death Metal - who were playing when ISIS massacred 90 music fans - as the concert hall reopens a year after the attack with Sting performance Cringing Cowell! Simon is left red-faced after Dermot shares throwback picture of him with a VERY dodgy hairdo on X Factor Giving a gun show too! What happens in Vegas stays still in Vegas! Britney Spears does the Mannequin Challenge to celebrate Sin City success  Flesh-flashing Charlotte Dawson flirts up a storm with new rugby player boyfriend Matt Sarsfield as they're spotted together for the first time Trinny Woodall's 'nightmare' £300,000 divorce battle from beyond the grave: Fashion guru's bizarre High Court battle over her dead ex's debts  Get Me Out Of Here already! Scarlett Moffatt can't contain her disgust as she's forced to canoe through swampy waters in I'm A Celebrity's first grizzly challenge 'Strictly viewers are delighted to spot Mary Berry in the audience... but are reduced to tears as Judge Rinder's granddad wells up on-screen  She's got good jeans! Khloe Kardashian shows off her toned bottom...as she hits out at haters online Addressing all the criticism Frill-seeker! Slimmed-down Tina Malone shows off her TINY size six figure in black flamenco-style dress as she steps out at RTS Awards Disco fever! Leona Lewis oozes 70s glamour in corkscrew curls and plunging sequin gown as she steals the show at animal charity gala in LA Cara Delevingne flashes her abs with a sexy pin-up on her jacket... as she turns her mind to modelling following St Vincent split She had taken a step back from her modelling  Donatella Versace claims that gay male fashion designers create clothes for the 'women they want to be' rather than their customers   Female style icon Rachel Weisz is cosy beneath a bizarre woolly hat  She is famed for starring in cult classic The Mummy, but Rachel Weisz looked like she was almost embalmed  Ready to take the plunge! Ola Jordan glams up before the jungle in a low cut peachy dress as she meets her I'm A Celebrity team mates Slinky Scherzinger! Nicole shows off stunning figure in racy cut out dress on X Factor before changing into JUST a pink jacket for dinner  Chrissy Teigen and daughter Luna host baby shower for celebrity stylist Monica Rose... and Khloe Kardashian and Kris Jenner are on hand too Braided beauty! Cara Delevingne cuts a fashionable flyer in a chic bomber jacket as she touches down at LAX Eyes front, Philip! A playboy prince eyeing up the ladies? Don't worry, Ma'am - it's only a VERY impertinent scene from hit TV show The Crown  What will Ma'am think? Hugh Jackman spotted cosying up with Madonna at UFC title fight in New York  Watched Conor McGregor and Eddie Alvarez battle it out Vin Diesel and Nina Dobrev fuel the hype for xXx: Return of Xander Cage at Los Angeles fan event Diesel, 49, looked every part the action hero  Will Smith is in high spirits as he has a laugh on set for upcoming fantasy film Bright Will Smith spent his Saturday hard at work on his forthcoming fantasy thriller Bright Liquid gold! Lily Collins oozes class in backless satin gown at the Academy's Governors Awards in Hollywood Perhaps Lily Collins had her sights set on a gold statue Blue bombshell! Bryce Dallas Howard stuns at star-studded Weinstein Company party featuring Matthew McConaughey A real showstopper All-natural beauty! Jenna Dewan is pretty in pink with husband Channing Tatum at Baby2Baby Gala in Los Angeles  Had her black locks parted in the middle Kate Hudson shines in gold number as she poses with Matthew McConaughey and wife Camila at Baby2Baby Gala Sheerly amazing! Jessica Alba stuns in partially transparent black gown for star-studded Baby2Baby Gala in Los Angeles Charity that supports babies in need In the navy! Jennifer Garner is beautiful in blue as she stuns on red carpet of Baby2Baby Gala in LA The 44-year-old actress looked beautiful in blue Bella Thorne is epitome of casual chic in Daisy Dukes and snakeskin boots before slipping into crop top and ripped jeans Two different outfits 'Bonding with mommy!' Blac Chyna breastfeeds daughter Dream in newborn baby's first tweet Created an Instagram account in baby's name Blac Chyna's mother Tokyo Toni shows charitable side as she promotes food drive after second grandchild is born Tokyo Toni is feeling charitable  Pretty in pattern! Emma Stone and Michelle Williams wow in sparkling gowns for the eighth annual Governors Awards in Hollywood The actresses arrived dressed to the nines Demi Lovato holds hands with rumoured MMA fighter beau Luke Rockhold as they arrive to UFC 205 in New York It's been the worst kept celebrity couple secret for a while now Head Start to Home Cooked Get Recipes more SHARE PICTURE Copy link to paste in your message Find out more... Find out more... Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Network This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Syndication Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
null
null
null
Latest Taraba govt urges FG to assist on road construction November 14, 2016 Taraba flags off fourth OBR polio campaign Pray for Buhari to succeed, Cleric urges Nigerians Five questions on the economy for President Trump November 9, 2016 Trump Preaches Unity In Election Victory Speech 12:38 am 15 November 2016 Home News News Nigeria Africa World Analysis Interviews Editorial E-paper Art Tourism Politics Entertainment Entertainment Life & Times Fashion Relationship Life & Style Music Kiddies Society Business Business Money Market Capital Market Energy Labour Insurance Aviation Brands and Marketing Economy Maritime Agriculture Sport Hard Tackle Federation Watch Stars of Yesteryears Nigeria Players Abroad Sports Interviews Features Features Metro Crime Opinion Columnist Abdul Mahmud Alabi Wuya O’Yemi Afolabi Olarinre Salako Yinka Odumakin Nigerian Times Lagos Times Abuja Times Kaduna Times Kano Times Health Food & Nutrition Wellbeing DTNOW China In Nigeria 250,000 Nigerians are Battling Infertility, Says Senator Tejuosho Health, News | October 18, 2016 | by GLORY Over 250,000 Nigerian couples are currently battling with infertility in the country, Senate Chairman, Committee on Health, Senator LanreTejuosho has said. He said the issue of childlessness was often blamed on the women, even though reports suggest 50 per cent of infertility problems were caused by men. “This perception does not represent the reality, as the causes of infertility are often shared between males and females,” he said. Tejuosho, who spoke during the ‘Merck More than a Mother’ initiative by Merck Pharmaceuticals in Lagos, said one in four Nigerian couples have infertility challenge, adding that this statistics needs some attention. “We need to focus on how we will make the health institutions accessible to them for infertility management.” While decrying stigmatisation of women due to fertility challenges, he called for increased advocacy so that men will also know it is not an exclusive problem of the women. “When men are also very enlightened on this, they will have the courage to come out with their wives to seek treatment, so that treatment efforts can be directed accordingly. Awareness and education can greatly reduce the high number of infertility in the country,” he added. Noting that the federal government was putting all efforts on ground to ensure healthcare centres were strengthened across the country, Tejuosho explained that within the next two years, there would be 10,000 functioning health centres across political wards of the country. He also noted that the legislature will close ranks during health budgeting to make sure health centres have the capacity to attend to infertility issues. Lending his voice, the Chief Social Officer, Merck Pharmaceuticals, Dr. Rasha Kelej, said the main reason for the establishment of Merck was to empower women in Africa and also to create awareness to change the mindset of people against infertility. “We are here in Africa to empower women to create awareness, information, health and change of mindset. It makes me sad listening to stories on stigmatisation, especially when only the women are blamed for infertility. Men do not want to admit the fact that they can be the cause of infertility as well. “We want to change all these. We know changing culture and belief is very difficult, but with integration and cooperation of the media, there can be awareness on infertility, which would also help eliminate stigmatisation. Women are to be respected,” she added. While urging men to boldly cone out and speak of their fertility problem, she urged the society to respect women. “Even if they don’t have children, we should respect and appreciate them and they will become reproductive members of the society as well,” Kelej noted. Post Views: 47 Health PreviousNAFDAC Seizes Food, Drug Items from Ondo Stores NextPoor Sex, Diabetes, HBP, Infertility: The Stem Cell Therapy Related Posts Nigerians travel abroad for lab tests – Minister decries healthcare services ‘Ensure Proper Implementation of Health Act’ – Linus Awute 'Can Opener' Molecule Makes HIV Vulnerable to Attack Regular eye checks necessary to prevent glaucoma – Expert Latest News Nigeria Unity Not Negotiable – Igbo Leaders3 hours ago Chinese Invade Plateau In Search of Minerals3 hours ago LCCI president commends Adenuga’s uncommon entrepreneurial spirit in telco industry4 hours ago APC accuses Wike of squandering N150m on needless projects6 hours ago We’re committed to projects with capacity to create wealth -Ugwuanyi6 hours ago Facebook Tags ticker APC PDP Buhari INEC President Goodluck Jonathan Lagos Jonathan Nigeria Boko Haram Election Elections All Progressives Congress (APC) football Goodluck Jonathan © 1926 - 2016 Daily Times of Nigeria Pin It on Pinterest Share This Facebook Twitter Google+ Pinterest LinkedIn StumbleUpon
PMGroup PME Communiqué The Directory Quality in Care How to Advertise Privacy and cookies My Account Register Please login to the form below Not currently logged in Email: Password: I have forgotten my password PME Communiqué The Directory Opening up market access Advanced search Home News Intelligence Thought leadership Appointments Awards Blogs Clinical Top Pharma List PMHub Jobs News Research Sales Marketing Regulatory Healthcare Jobs and recruitment Trending AstraZeneca's durvalumab trial Novartis biosimilar sales Lilly's solanezumab results in Alzheimer's Remicade-biosimilar switch trial PMEA 2016 finalists Merck completes €15m Spanish biotech facility expansion Enlarged Tres Cantos site will help meet demand for fertility and growth hormone drugs Merck has completed a €15m investment project at its biotech facility in Spain that will allow it to up production of its fertility and growth hormone disorder treatments by 50%. The German company said it would also be increasing the number of staff it employs at the facility by 20% thanks to the two-year programme. The Tres Cantos plant is Merck's main site for the production of active substances in its fertility treatment Gonal-f and endocrine and metabolic disorders treatment Saizen, for which global demand is rising steadily. Simon Sturge, chief operating officer of Merck's biopharma business, said: “The demand for our core portfolio of medicines keeps increasing worldwide. “The expansion in Tres Cantos is part of our continuous commitment to deliver high quality medicines at the right time to our patients.” Merck was able to raise its sales forecast for 2016 earlier this year after a particularly strong second quarter performance, spearheaded by a 23% growth of Gonal-f that saw its sales reach €209m. The Darmstadt, Germany-headquartered firm has invested around €250m in its healthcare manufacturing network so far this year, including in a new regional hub in Côte d'Ivoire launched just this week. The hub will serve Merck's operations in French-speaking countries in Central and West Africa, and will oversee two minilabs donated by the company to aid in the region's fight against counterfeit medicines. Thierry Hulot, head of Merck's biopharma global manufacturing and supply, commented: “We are continuously investing in our manufacturing network to maintain state-of-the-art industry level and adapt its capacity to patient needs for our medicines. “We are very pleased to have completed the expansion of our Tres Cantos biotech manufacturing facility which plays a leading role in our manufacturing network and exemplifies our culture of safety at work, quality and service.” Please enable JavaScript to view the comments. Article by Rebecca Clifford 18th October 2016 From: Research, Sales Share  Print Friendly Tags Related content Takeda launches drug discovery biotech Merck agrees African digital cooperation deal Merck KGaA appoints chief strategy officer Amazing Africa Is training a waste of time and money? Related Hub content Marketing in a Digital World: An Overview of Effective Content PME Digital Edition Featured jobs Client Lead, Consumer Health & Wellness, South East UK Excellent Package Senior Account Manager / Jr AD - Consumer & Prescription – H... Salary TBC Scientific Director- Immuno Oncology Specialist - Med Comms (Lon... Neg Account Director – Med Ed – Publications Salary TBC Senior Account Manager – Medical Education – Boutique Agency Salary TBC SAE & Account Manager - Victoria – Healthcare Advertising Salary TBC SINGAPORE - Senior or Principal Medical Writer Opportunity - Med... D.O.E Editor, Medical Communications, London Competitive Salary New Business and Marketing Manager, circa £50K, Healthcare Commu... Excellent Package Account Director, Healthcare PR, London Excellent Package Account Director – Medical Communications Salary TBC Medical Writer, Healthcare Education Design & Development, L... Competitive Salary Managing Director, Healthcare PR, London Excellent Package SYDNEY BASED ROLE - Senior Account Director – Associate CSD - Me... D.O.E Creative Team – Mid-weight & Senior Art Director & Senio... SUPERB PACKAGES AVAILABLE Pharma/ Life Sciences - Social / Digital Account Director Industry leading package and bens Chief Operating Officer – Medical Education – London Salary TBC Healthcare PR Innovator, London Excellent Package Director of Strategy/ Scientific Services – Full Home working, E... Neg Deputy Managing Director, Medical Communications, South East UK Excellent Package PR Associate Director – Healthcare PR – London Salary TBC Subscribe to our email news alerts Most read Most shared Latest content Pharma stocks rise after Donald Trump's election win Siemens' healthcare unit to become standalone business Pfizer’s first-in-class breast cancer therapy wins EU licence NICE backs Novartis' Afinitor and Pfizer's Xalkori Pfizer to shut down two UK manufacturing sites NICE set to knock-back Amgen's myeloma treatment Kyprolis Gilead's hepatitis B virus treatment set for European approval CHMP recommends Merck & Co's Lantus biosimilar Amgen wins European approval for Parsabiv Lilly bags EU approval for cancer treatment Lartruvo A rock and a hard place greyhealth group appoints digital strategy director PMHubAdd my company Any category... Advertising Branding Clinical research Conferences meetings events Creative and design Digital communications Homecare Industry associations IT solutions Management consultancies Manufacturing packaging logistics Market access Market research Marketing consultancies Media planning and buying Medical communications Medical education Patient support and adherence Pharmacy Print services Policy and government affairs Public relations Publishers Recruitment and career development Regulatory affairs Research and development Sales Training Translation services Publicis Life Brands Resolute Publicis Life Brands Resolute provides real-life practical solutions to your issues, without fuss or fluff. We are an experienced team... Latest intelligence Are we harnessing the full emotional power of brand creativity? Creative Director Damien Parsonage breaks down the common misconception that pharma and healthcare marketing for healthcare professionals ought to be entirely scientific and rational. Brands are powerful; here's how to... Opinion piece: Personalisation – the future of medical education Alex Goonesinghe, Research Manager, and Nigel Campbell, Multichannel Communications Director, share their thoughts on the growing trend towards personalised medical education.... Rethinking pharma communications Guide: How do you adjust your communications to the new multichannel and multi-stakeholder environment?... Quick links Country reports Digital Handbook The Gallery Healthcare glossary How to advertise HTA guidance tracker Orphan drugs and rare diseases PME supplements Social media hub Webinars Infographics Multimedia<> Webinar: Customer engagement design Communiqué Awards 2015: Winners in pictures Communiqué Awards 2015: Gallery PMEA 2015: Winners in pictures PMEA 2015: Pictures About us Contact us How to advertise Site map All content copyright © PMGroup Worldwide Ltd 2016
null
Home About Us Vision & Mission Contact Us   Search Menu POLITICS OIL & GAS BUSINESS ENVIRONMENT WOMEN ENTERTAINMENT YOUTH EDUCATION BOOKS Trump Promises to Deport Three Million Illegal Immigrants I Will Not Collect Salary – Trump What Donald Trump's Victory Means to the World Dangote Foundation Champions Eradication of Malaria‎ in Nigeria NDIC Warns Nigerians against Wonder Banks UNESCO-MARS to Empower Women in Research on Infectious Diseases, Women Health Nigerian Refineries Perform Below 20% – NNPC Nigerians Now Make More Payments through Electronic Channels Security Challenges in N/Delta over Soon – Kachikwu PenCom Micro Pension Scheme Targets Self-Employed Nigerians Recent Posts Ibn Chambas, Obiano for Realnews Fourth Anniversary Lecture Ondo Guber: Oke Imports Crowd from Lagos, Osun for Rally, APC Alleges Fani-Kayode Released from Prison Authorities Shut Down AAU Indefinitely ASUU to Embark on One Week Warning Strike Okereke Wins YALI Awards African Leaders Pledge to Improve On Emergency, Response FG to Support Growth of Film Industry – Minister Many Feared Killed in Shiite, Police Clash Jigawa to Immunise 1m Children Against Polio Onnoghen May Not be substantive Chief Justice of Nigeria – Fayose German Consulate Encourages Young Entrepreneurs to Engage in Renewable Energy Popular Posts The Many Benefits of Bitter Kola The Many Risks of Slimming Tea The Wonders of Bitter Leaf The Many Benefits of Garden Egg Benefits of Zobo Merck Marks World Diabetes Day with Diabetes Award 2016 Winners Ibn Chambas, Obiano for Realnews Fourth Anniversary Lecture Questra World, Atlantic Global Asset Management Enter Africa Market New Hope for NITEL/MTEL Survival Fani-Kayode Released from Prison I Will Not Collect Salary – Trump $175m Found in Patience Jonathan’s Firm’s Bank Account Pastor Shoots Pastor Dead What Suya Consumers Don’t Know Shell Wins SERAs Awards for CSR Innovations Subscribe to our Newsletter × Archives Archives Select Month November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 April 2016 March 2016 February 2016 January 2016 December 2015 November 2015 October 2015 September 2015 August 2015 July 2015 June 2015 May 2015 April 2015 March 2015 February 2015 January 2015 December 2014 November 2014 October 2014 September 2014 August 2014 July 2014 June 2014 May 2014 April 2014 March 2014 February 2014 January 2014 December 2013 November 2013 October 2013 September 2013 August 2013 July 2013 June 2013 May 2013 April 2013 March 2013 February 2013 January 2013 December 2012 November 2012 × CategoriesCategories Select Category #Nigeriadecides  (20) #Statesdecides  (2) #StopLassaFever  (7) #ZikaVirus  (1) 10th AEC Special Coverage  (9) 2013 Women’s Day  (3) 2015 Election  (9) Advertisement  (5) AfDB 2016 Special Coverage  (12) AfDB Special Coverage  (7) Africa  (152) Agriculture  (54) Anniversary  (10) Announcement  (1) Aviation  (24) Award  (38) Banking Briefs  (253) Books  (22) BREAKING NEWS  (4,416) Business  (1,204) Business Briefs  (340) Change of Name  (2) Column  (115) Cover  (196) Cover Box  (15) Crime  (131) Defence  (26) Disasters  (1) Editorial  (1) Editorial Suite  (137) Education  (174) Energy Briefs  (306) Entertainment  (68) Entertainment Briefs  (39) Environment  (105) Environment Briefs  (7) Essay  (37) Events  (14) Executive Chat  (1) Featured  (671) Foreign  (72) From the Editor-in-Chief  (1) Global News Update  (1) Guest Writer  (83) Health  (216) Health Briefs  (2) Interview  (24) Judiciary  (236) Lifestyle  (68) Maritime  (3) Media  (164) Media Briefs  (4) Milestone  (365) News People  (54) Oil & Gas  (551) Opinion  (61) Passage  (62) Political Briefs  (481) Politics  (1,403) Power  (216) Profile  (1) Prologue  (7) Realnews 2nd Anniversary Lecture  (6) Realnews 3rd Anniversary Lecture  (6) Realnews Advert  (1) Realnews Advert Rates  (1) Rejoinder  (2) Religion  (39) Science & Tech  (13) Security  (338) Social Diary  (29) Special Anniversary Edition  (5) Special Centenary Edition  (4) Special Democracy Edition  (1) Special Features  (2) Special Mandela Edition  (5) Special Report  (7) Speeches  (4) Sports  (141) Sports Briefs  (288) Tana Forum on Security in Africa  (4) Travelogue  (2) Tribute  (25) Vox Pop  (48) Winners & Losers  (3) Women  (98) Youth  (63) Merck Opens Regional Hub in Cote’ Ivoire –  MERCK on ‎has announced the opening of its affiliate office in Abidjan, Côte d’Ivoire, which will serve as the regional hub for the company’s operations in French-speaking Central and West African countries on Monday, October 17. “For several years, Côte d’Ivoire has shown continuous growth, as well as economic, political and social stability. The main driver of this achievement being its increase in competitiveness and steady progress in economic development,” Frank Stangenberg-Haverkamp, chairman of the executive board and the family board of E. Merck KG, said at the opening. “We are excited to open this office in Abidjan, which will be our first in Francophone Sub-Saharan Africa.” The office was inaugurated by Claus Auer, ambassador of the Federal Republic of Germany to Côte d’Ivoire, and key representatives of the Ivorian government along with Stangenberg-Haverkamp and Karim Bendhaou, president of North and West Africa. “This new office will allow us to reinforce and to develop our already existing activities in the country and it will be the hub for French speaking countries in Central and West Africa. We will continue to bring specialist and high-quality products to serve patients and help them to improve their quality of life,” added Bendhaou. Merck also donated two minilabs with the aim of supporting Côte d’Ivoire in its fight against counterfeit medicines. The minilabs, which help to detect counterfeits, are manufactured by the Global Pharma Health Fund, GPHF, a charitable initiative financed by Merck. “We are pleased that our plan to establish a public-private partnership to combat counterfeits will be translated into effective measures with the donated minilabs, in addition to an awareness campaign led by the Minister of Health and Public Hygiene,” Bendhaou said. The donation ceremony was graced by The First Lady of Côte d’Ivoire, Dominique Claudine Ouattara and minister of Health and Public Hygiene, Dr. Raymonde Goudou Coffie. These minilabs will be the first to be used in Côte d’Ivoire. “This donation done by Merck will allow us to reinforce our structures for drug monitoring. The people will be reassured that they are investing in medicines which are safe, not dangerous and suitable for consumption,” minister of health and Public Hygiene expressed her gratitude for this donation. “The mobile compact laboratories are globally renowned for their ability to detect counterfeits quickly, cost-efficiently and reliably.  The Ministry of Health and Public Hygiene makes quality control its top priority.” Merck’s fight against counterfeit medicines is part of the company’s health-related corporate responsibility initiatives. Many people in low- to middle-income countries lack access to high-quality health solutions and Merck is leveraging its expertise and collaborating with strong partners to develop innovative solutions for such patients. —  Oct 18, 2016 @ 13:20 GMT | No Comments Leave a Reply Cancel reply Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment Name * Email * Website     © 2014, Realnews Magazine | All Rights Reserved. POLITICS OIL & GAS BUSINESS ENVIRONMENT WOMEN ENTERTAINMENT YOUTH EDUCATION BOOKS

null
× Subscribe News Features Events CanPlastics TV Resin Prices Buyers Guide Plastiques et Moules Contacts Advertise Topics Automotive Canadian Plastics Construction Economy Environment Materials Moldmaking Packaging Plastics Processes Research & Development Suppliers/People Sustainability Digital Edition View Digital Edition Browse Print Archives Subscribe News PolyOne, Merck partner to create 3D effects Topics Materials Companies Merck KGaA PolyOne More News Print this page Tweet October 15, 2016 by Canadian Plastics Material supplier PolyOne Corporation is partnering with German multinational chemical, pharmaceutical and life sciences company Merck KGaA to develop smooth, molded plastics that appear to have three-dimensional surfaces. The Merck technology, called in-mold 3-D (IM3D), creates the effect with the help of pearlescent pigments. It can be implemented in a single step during the injection molding process, Merck said. IM3D technology creates the look of depth and texture on flat surfaces. “With the IM3D technology from Merck KGaA, Darmstadt, Germany, brand owners and manufacturers have an outstanding enhancement option that can set their premium products apart from the competition,” said Christoph Palm, vice president and general manager, Color & Additives EMEA & India at PolyOne. “We’re already seeing interest globally from market leaders in packaging and consumer electronics.” “IM3D is just the beginning of our strategic collaboration with PolyOne. Our objective in the coming years is to jointly launch additional innovative plastics technologies with pearlescent pigments,” added Michael Heckmeier, head of the Pigments & Functional Materials business unit at Merck KGaA, Darmstadt, Germany. Print this page Tweet Related PolyOne, Juffali partner for new Saudi Arabia color concentrates plant PolyOne to open India division PolyOne to expand operations in India PolyOne sells SunBelt investment to Olin Corp. Have your say: Cancel reply Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Name * E-mail * Website Resin Prices Information courtesy www.theplasticsexchange.com. Prices are in US funds and are updated throughout the day. Magna wins innovation award for Chevrolet Camaro fascias Covestro doubles polycarbonate production at Shanghai site Services Buyers Guide Update Buyers’ Guide Listing Subscribe Contacts Advertise Magazines View Digital Edition Browse Print Archives View Digital Edition Trending Quebec’s IPL Inc. involved in rigid plastic packaging acquisition Worker dies in accident at Ventra Plastics PATRICK PLASTICS isn’t going it alone Schulman posts big loss in Q4 2016 Amcor buys Chinese flexible packaging supplier Hebei Qite Maguire partners with Syncro to develop extrusion control technology Sonoco buys flexible packager Plastic Packaging Inc. Manufacturing Network Sitemap Privacy Policy Copyright Notice © Copyright 2016 Annex Business Media × Close REDWIRE Powered by FRASERS REDWIRE is News you can use from Leading Suppliers. Why? Suppliers realize that B2B Buyer behavior has changed and so must they. Fact is buyers are doing a lot more upfront online research as part of their buying process today. Leading Suppliers want to support this buying process with useful facts, insights and newsworthy content – goes well beyond your typical press release or web site content. Suppliers realize that the content cannot just be “self serving” in nature because the content will not engage and be useful to prospective buyers. Post your own REDWIRE News Okay
null
X Edition: India Business Business Home Economy Reuters Summits Deals Business Video Company Results & Outlooks Autos Markets Markets Home Indices Stock Quotes India Markets US Markets Currencies Commodities Funds India Top News India Insight Monsoon Top News Video World World Home South Asia Middle East Special Reports Reuters Investigates World Video Tech Technology Home Science Tech Video Innovation Commentary Commentary Home Expert Zone Breakingviews Breakingviews Home Breakingview Videos Money Money Home Stock Screener Fund Screener Sport & Life Sports Lifestyle Bollywood Entertainment Oddly Enough Health Arts Lifestyle Video Pictures Pictures Home The Wider Image Photographers Focus 360 Video WHO seeks new mechanism for crisis vaccine supplies at low cost Africa América Latina عربي Argentina Brasil Canada 中国 Deutschland España France India Italia 日本 México РОССИЯ United Kingdom United States World News | Wed Oct 19, 2016 | 8:52pm IST WHO seeks new mechanism for crisis vaccine supplies at low cost The World Health Organization (WHO) headquarters is seen in Geneva November 9, 2009. REUTERS/Denis Balibouse/files By Kate Kelland LONDON, Reuters) - The World Health Organization, drugmakers and humanitarian groups are hammering out details of a new vaccine supply system aimed at getting vital shots to vulnerable people in crises such as wars or natural disasters. The mechanism, which so far has British drugmaker GlaxoSmithKline signed up to provide its pneumonia vaccine at the lowest possible price, will ask other major pharmaceutical firms including Pfizer and Merck to make similar cut-price agreements for emergencies only. "The idea is that this will set a model in place for other manufacturers to put their vaccines on the table," said Greg Elder, a medical coordinator with the international charity Medecins Sans Frontieres (MSF) which joined talks on the issue at the WHO's Geneva headquarters last week. A spokesman for the WHO said the humanitarian vaccine mechanism - which would only be used in crisis situations - could mean reaching millions of vulnerable people with protective shots against potential killers such as measles, yellow fever and pneumonia. For now, GSK has pledged to make its PCV-10 vaccine for pneumococcal infection available at its lowest possible price, he said, and other manufacturers are considering which of their shots might also be included. Signing up would mean drugmakers agreeing to supply the shots at a price equivalent to that paid by the United Nations children's fund UNICEF for vaccines supplied under the GAVI Vaccines Alliance to low and middle-income countries who can't afford to pay full price. Yet unlike GAVI, the cheaper emergency vaccines would be accessible only to non-governmental organisations such as MSF and other charities and humanitarian groups - not to health ministries or national authorities. This, said MSF's Elder, will ensure drugmakers are not exposed to having to supply large quantities of vaccines at rock-bottom prices that could dent their profits. "We're talking about a very specific cohort - refugees, displaced populations, people who have gone through a lot of trauma and have had to flee their homes," Elder said. "It's a small group of people who are caught in the middle of emergencies and can fall through the gaps. And it's a minute fraction of their (the drug companies') global market." The International Federation of Pharmaceutical Manufacturers & Associations (IFPMA) and the Developing Countries Vaccine Manufacturers Network (DCVMN), who took part in the talks "expressed great interest" and said they would take the idea to their members, according to Noni MacDonald, an immunisation specialist and professor of paediatrics at Canada's Dalhousie Medical School, who chaired the meeting. Philippe Duclos, a senior WHO expert on immunisation, said the hope is that the mechanism will ultimately cover some 23 shots against diseases ranging from cholera to rabies to polio to hepatitis to yellow fever. "Of course some vaccines are more important in certain emergencies than in others," he said. "What we need is to rationalise, quickly, in each emergency, which ones are needed." MacDonald said that while there is a way to go to agree prices and supplies, she is confident that starting with GSK's pneumococcal shot will show how the system can work for others. "It's rare to have such disparate groups come together so solidly to support the way forward," she told Reuters. "It's going to take a lot of effort and education to make this process work, but we're all agreed it's important – and failure to deliver is not an option because lives depend upon getting this done right." (Reporting by Kate Kelland; Editing by Richard Balmforth) Next In World News Air strikes batter two hospitals in Aleppo countryside - monitor, medic BEIRUT Air strikes hit two hospitals in rebel-held territory west of the embattled Syrian city of Aleppo on Monday, and a number of patients and medics were wounded, a monitor and doctor said. Turkey-backed Syria rebels poised to attack IS-held city BEIRUT Syrian rebels backed by Turkey were poised to begin an assault to try to drive Islamic State from the Syrian city of al-Bab, two of their commanders said on Monday, a battle that could also prompt new fighting with Kurdish groups that are competing for the area. Islamic State ousted from Yazidi villages west of Mosul - Kurdish-Yazidi force ERBIL, Iraq A mixed Kurdish and Yazidi armed force said on Monday it had dislodged Islamic State (IS) militants from five Yazidi villages west of Mosul in an offensive that began on Saturday. MORE FROM REUTERS Sponsored Content From Around the Web Promoted by Taboola Trending Stories Editor's Pick India announces new measures to increase supply of cash Sponsored Topics X Follow Reuters: Follow Us On Twitter Follow Us On Facebook RSS Follow Us On LinkedIn Subscribe: Newsletters | Apps Reuters News Agency | Brand Attribution Guidelines Reuters is the news and media division of Thomson Reuters. Thomson Reuters is the world's largest international multimedia news agency, providing investing news, world news, business news, technology news, headline news, small business news, news alerts, personal finance, stock market, and mutual funds information available on Reuters.com, video, mobile, and interactive television platforms. Learn more about Thomson Reuters products: Eikon Information, analytics and exclusive news on financial markets - delivered in an intuitive desktop and mobile interface Elektron Everything you need to empower your workflow and enhance your enterprise data management World-Check Screen for heightened risk individual and entities globally to help uncover hidden risks in business relationships and human networks Westlaw Build the strongest argument relying on authoritative content, attorney-editor expertise, and industry defining technology ONESOURCE The most comprehensive solution to manage all your complex and ever-expanding tax and compliance needs CHECKPOINT The industry leader for online information for tax, accounting and finance professionals All quotes delayed a minimum of 15 minutes. See here for a complete list of exchanges and delays. Site Feedback Corrections Advertise With Us Advertising Guidelines AdChoices Terms of Use Privacy Policy
PMGroup PME Communiqué The Directory Quality in Care How to Advertise Privacy and cookies My Account Register Please login to the form below Not currently logged in Email: Password: I have forgotten my password PME Communiqué The Directory Opening up market access Advanced search Home News Intelligence Thought leadership Appointments Awards Blogs Clinical Top Pharma List PMHub Jobs News Research Sales Marketing Regulatory Healthcare Jobs and recruitment Trending AstraZeneca's durvalumab trial Novartis biosimilar sales Lilly's solanezumab results in Alzheimer's Remicade-biosimilar switch trial PMEA 2016 finalists Lung cancer OK for Tecentriq sets up showdown with Merck and BMS Broad label will aid Roche’s PD-L1 inhibitor in head-to-head NSCLC market-share battle Roche's PD-L1 inhibitor Tecentriq has been approved by the US FDA as a second-line therapy for non-small cell lung cancer, putting the new drug in direct opposition to its main immuno-oncology rivals for the first time. Tecentriq (atezolizumab) was first approved in May for treatment of bladder cancer, an indication not yet targeted by the two PD-1 inhibitors on the market - Merck & Co's Keytruda (pembrolizumab) and Bristol-Myers Squibb's Opdivo (nivolumab). Now, the three checkpoint inhibitors will battle toe to toe for the much larger NSCLC sector, although Roche will have to work hard to displace Opdivo and Keytruda given their long lead in the lung cancer market. The Swiss group's strong presence in cancer therapy and strong links with oncologists are however expected to help it catch the leaders, and Bernstein analyst Tim Anderson recently predicted the drug could make almost $5bn in sales in 2021 if it also picks up an approval in colon cancer. That still keeps Tecentriq in third place behind Opdivo (with predicted 2021 sales of $8.1bn) and Keytruda ($6.5bn) but ahead of AstraZeneca's PD-L1 inhibitor durvalumab ($1.8bn). The green light comes on the back of the phase III OAK trial which showed that patients treated with Roche's drug lived almost 14 months on average - around four months longer than those on docetaxel - as well as the phase II POPLAR study. Tecentriq's chances of making a strong showing in NSCLC are helped by a broad label. The FDA has cleared the drug for NSCLC patients whose disease has progressed during or after platinum-containing chemotherapy or a targeted therapy if their tumours have EGFR or ALK mutations. That gives it an equivalent label claim to Opdivo, which has been dominant in the second-line NSCLC treatment setting thanks to a broader label than Keytruda, which required that patients be tested to see if their tumours express high levels of the PD-L1 protein. The first-line NSCLC category is however developing very differently. Opdivo stumbled badly in its Checkmate-026 first-line study, while Merck's drug aced its Keynote-024 trial and is now on course for a swift approval. Roche has a phase III trial ongoing in previously-untreated NSCLC patients but this is not due to generate results until 2018. Please enable JavaScript to view the comments. Article by Phil Taylor 19th October 2016 From: Regulatory Share  Print Friendly Tags Related content Merck gets early OK for Keytruda in first-line lung cancer A stumble, but not a fall – what’s next for Opdivo? BMS appoints oncology development head EMA starts review of Pfizer and Merck's PD-L1 inhibitor Keytruda, Opdivo narrow Tecentriq's lead in bladder cancer Related Hub content A stumble, but not a fall – what’s next for Opdivo? PME Digital Edition Featured jobs Medical Writer, Healthcare Education Design & Development, L... Competitive Salary Managing Director, Healthcare PR, London Excellent Package Healthcare PR Innovator, London Excellent Package Account Director, Healthcare PR, London Excellent Package Account Director – Medical Communications Salary TBC Chief Operating Officer – Medical Education – London Salary TBC Pharma/ Life Sciences - Social / Digital Account Director Industry leading package and bens PR Associate Director – Healthcare PR – London Salary TBC Editor, Medical Communications, London Competitive Salary SINGAPORE - Senior or Principal Medical Writer Opportunity - Med... D.O.E Creative Team – Mid-weight & Senior Art Director & Senio... SUPERB PACKAGES AVAILABLE Deputy Managing Director, Medical Communications, South East UK Excellent Package New Business and Marketing Manager, circa £50K, Healthcare Commu... Excellent Package SAE & Account Manager - Victoria – Healthcare Advertising Salary TBC Scientific Director- Immuno Oncology Specialist - Med Comms (Lon... Neg SYDNEY BASED ROLE - Senior Account Director – Associate CSD - Me... D.O.E Senior Account Manager – Medical Education – Boutique Agency Salary TBC Client Lead, Consumer Health & Wellness, South East UK Excellent Package Account Director – Med Ed – Publications Salary TBC Senior Account Manager / Jr AD - Consumer & Prescription – H... Salary TBC Director of Strategy/ Scientific Services – Full Home working, E... Neg Subscribe to our email news alerts Most read Most shared Latest content Pharma stocks rise after Donald Trump's election win Siemens' healthcare unit to become standalone business Pfizer’s first-in-class breast cancer therapy wins EU licence NICE backs Novartis' Afinitor and Pfizer's Xalkori NICE set to knock-back Amgen's myeloma treatment Kyprolis Pfizer to shut down two UK manufacturing sites Gilead's hepatitis B virus treatment set for European approval CHMP recommends Merck & Co's Lantus biosimilar Amgen wins European approval for Parsabiv Lilly bags EU approval for cancer treatment Lartruvo A rock and a hard place greyhealth group appoints digital strategy director PMHubAdd my company Any category... Advertising Branding Clinical research Conferences meetings events Creative and design Digital communications Homecare Industry associations IT solutions Management consultancies Manufacturing packaging logistics Market access Market research Marketing consultancies Media planning and buying Medical communications Medical education Patient support and adherence Pharmacy Print services Policy and government affairs Public relations Publishers Recruitment and career development Regulatory affairs Research and development Sales Training Translation services Nascent Medical LLC Nascent Medical is a global medical communications company partnering to deliver high quality market access, sales and medical science liaison... Latest intelligence Are we harnessing the full emotional power of brand creativity? Creative Director Damien Parsonage breaks down the common misconception that pharma and healthcare marketing for healthcare professionals ought to be entirely scientific and rational. Brands are powerful; here's how to... Opinion piece: Personalisation – the future of medical education Alex Goonesinghe, Research Manager, and Nigel Campbell, Multichannel Communications Director, share their thoughts on the growing trend towards personalised medical education.... Rethinking pharma communications Guide: How do you adjust your communications to the new multichannel and multi-stakeholder environment?... Quick links Country reports Digital Handbook The Gallery Healthcare glossary How to advertise HTA guidance tracker Orphan drugs and rare diseases PME supplements Social media hub Webinars Infographics Multimedia<> Webinar: Customer engagement design Communiqué Awards 2015: Winners in pictures Communiqué Awards 2015: Gallery PMEA 2015: Winners in pictures PMEA 2015: Pictures About us Contact us How to advertise Site map All content copyright © PMGroup Worldwide Ltd 2016
Skip to: Start of article Visually Open Nav. Go to Wired Home Page. The Cure for Cancer Is Data—Mountains of Data subscribe Open Search Field. Search Business culture Design Gear Science Security transportation photo video Photo Video Magazine WIRED INSIDER INNOVATION INSIGHTS Fallback Image Get The Magazine Subscribe now to get 6 months for $5 - plus a FREE Portable Phone Charger. Subscribe Get Our Newsletter WIRED's biggest stories, delivered to your inbox. Submit Thank You Invalid Email Follow Us On Twitter 7 hours There's a metaphor somewhere in the life of a dung beetle: bit.ly/2gaeptX Follow Follow Us On Facebook Don't miss our latest news, features and videos. Follow We’re On Pinterest See what's inspiring us. Follow Follow Us On Youtube Don't miss out on WIRED's latest videos. Follow Advertisement. Slide: 1 / of 5 . Caption: TK Slide: 2 / of 5 . Caption: Slide: 3 / of 5 . Caption: Slide: 4 / of 5 . Caption: Slide: 5 / of 5 . Caption: Skip Article Header. Skip to: Start of Article. Author: Mark Warren. Mark Warren national frontiers Science Date of Publication: 10.19.16. 10.19.16 Time of Publication: 6:55 am. 6:55 am The Cure for Cancer Is Data—Mountains of Data Lola Dupre A few years ago Eric Schadt met a woman who had cancer. It was an aggressive form of colon cancer that had come on quickly and metastasized to her liver. She was a young war widow from Mississippi, the mother of two girls she was raising alone, and she had only the health care that her husband’s death benefits afforded her—an overburdened oncologist at a military hospital, the lowest rung on the health care ladder. The polar opposite of cutting-edge medicine. To walk into such a facility with stage 4 metastatic disease is to walk back in time to the world of the unmapped human genome, when “colon cancer” was understood to have a single cause instead of millions of causes resulting in unique variations, when treatment was the same bag of poison, whether you were in Ocean Springs, Mississippi, or Timbuktu. A time without big data, machine learning, or hope. Schadt had just started the Icahn Institute for Genomics and Multiscale Biology at Mount Sinai Hospital, and when he heard about the woman in Mississippi, he said, simply, “That’s exactly the kind of patient we take.” By that he meant patients for whom the current standard of care would fail, for whom the future of medicine—one in which supercomputers sift through masses of genetic data for patterns that could lead to new treatments and cures—could not arrive fast enough. Related Stories Matt Simon Genes Might Be Helping the Tasmanian Devil Fight Off Face Cancer Emma Grey Ellis and Nick Stockton You Need More Than Rat Tumors to Prove Phones Cause Cancer Gabriel Popkin The Mystery of How Cancer Cells Barrel Through Your Body Schadt isn’t a cancer specialist or even a medical doctor. He’s a mathematician and a specialist in molecular and computational biology, and he had never had a single patient in his life. Yet through his new lab at Sinai, Schadt would generate a terabyte of data on this woman’s cancer, thousands of times what she could have expected in a conventional medical setting, in the hope of finding new ways to combat it. Toward the end, Schadt would sit at her bedside, distraught. They had become close, and the scientist who had never had patients before was seeing the implications of scientific ambition and failure. She died last year. Seated at his desk at Mount Sinai, Schadt is direct and disarming. At 51, he wears a short-sleeved polo shirt and shorts everywhere he goes, even to black-tie galas or in New York winters, which gives him the unassailable air of a true eccentric, or a high-school football coach. For any medical researcher, it’s easier to be bullish when you’re publishing papers or developing drugs, layers removed from the human impact of your work. But living the effect of your work and watching someone slowly die in front of you, well, “that’s a deeper humbling than I’d ever experienced before,” Schadt says today. “We’re on this exponential growth curve, where your mind naturally projects all the way into the future, and you think: We’re going to figure this out,” he says. “In the end, we will know what all these cells are doing, what all these perturbations do. The humbling part is that as we are on this growth curve, we are continually struck by the increasing complexity that is revealed.” For a decade we’ve been talking about the potential of gene sequencing and personalized medicine, how advances in computer processing power combined with an increasingly intimate understanding of our individual genomes has put us on the threshold of an age of miracles. With enough data, the theory goes, there’s not a disease that isn’t druggable. But as Schadt has learned, it’s not enough to plumb the depths of an individual’s DNA. It requires a universe of data—exabytes worth—to detect patterns in a population, apply machine learning, find the network of mutations responsible for disease, and do something about it. The bigger these data sets become, the more accurate and powerful the models and the predictors become. You must convince the medical centers and genetic companies that collect our data to not hoard it for their own profit. The problem is getting these exabytes of genetic data. Turns out you can’t just walk up to people, millions of them, and say, “Your data, please.” You must first persuade them that you’ll only do good things with it and won’t let it fall into the wrong hands. (We do like our privacy.) You must then convince the medical centers and genetic companies that collect this data that, rather than hoard it for their own profit, they should share it so the entire research community can attain the economies of scale—the critical mass of data, individual sets eventually numbering in the millions—that Schadt and many others believe is necessary to understand the causes of diseases and engineer new treatments and cures. Right now, that volume of information is simply not available. But companies ranging from tech behemoths to biomedical startups are racing to solve these issues of scale. And Schadt wants in. If human biological complexity can be likened to an animated movie, then a hundred years ago we had about one pixel’s worth of understanding of that complexity. With a single pixel, you have no idea what the story is. But with more pixels, hundreds or thousands—or say, 1 percent of the whole in pixels—patterns and themes begin to emerge. The beginning of a narrative. This was the thinking that compelled Schadt to set up the Icahn Institute in 2011 after a decade of developing drugs for Merck. (At one point, half of Merck’s metabolic drugs, which treat ailments like heart disease, diabetes, and obesity, were derived from Schadt’s research.) In the face of widely held assumptions based on the single-gene model of disease and drug development, he came to believe that genes worked not alone but in vast networks to enable disease to penetrate our natural defenses, and we could understand these networks only through deep bioinformatic spelunking. To explore his complexity model, Schadt arrived at Mount Sinai with $150 million of financier–philanthropist Carl Icahn’s money and built a supercomputer named Minerva in the basement to analyze the thousands of genomes collected at Mount Sinai each year. He hired other quants, including Jeffrey Hammerbacher, who had created Facebook’s first-ever data team. According to an esteemed oncologist at the medical school, “All of a sudden you had all these math nerds running around, people who looked like they should be programming videogames.” “We need 100 Mount Sinais to achieve the scale required to recognize the patterns in patient data that guide you to diagnoses and treatments.” It didn’t take long for Schadt to realize that he was going to need a bigger boat. In 2014 the Icahn Institute started a joint venture with Sage Bionetworks to try to cure rare childhood diseases—cystic fibrosis, sickle cell anemia, Tay-Sachs—170 in all. They called it the Resilience Project, and researchers set out to find individuals in the population who carried the DNA variants for those diseases but somehow, through some inoculating buffer, didn’t have the disease. In their search for these “resilient individuals,” Schadt and his team amassed a pool of genetic data from 600,000 people, then the largest such genetic study ever conducted, with data assembled from a dozen sources (23andMe, the Beijing Genomics Institute, and the Broad Institute of MIT and Harvard, most notably). But in searching the 600,000 genomes, the researchers found potentially resilient individuals for only eight of the 170 diseases they were targeting. The study size was too small. By calculating the frequency of the disease-causing mutations in the population, Schadt and his team came to believe that the number of subjects they’d need to be useful wasn’t 600,000—it was more on the order of 10 million. For all the computational power behind the Resilience Project and what seemed like a wealth of data, Schadt still lacked the quantity and quality of patient information required to crack the genetic code behind resilience. “We need 100 Mount Sinais to achieve the scale required to recognize the patterns in patient data that guide you to diagnoses and treatments,” Schadt says. “In the five years that I’ve been here, I’ve realized that’s just not going to happen within the medical centers. They’re too isolated from each other, too competitive, and they’re not woven together into a coherent framework that enables the kind of advancements we’re seeing in nearly all other industries.” Since the major medical centers hold an effective monopoly over their patients’ data and have little economic incentive to collaborate with one another in critical research areas, Schadt says, “the disruption is gonna happen outside the medical establishment.” So that’s what Schadt is aiming to build by establishing his own genetic data company, Sema4. The New York–based venture will focus on acquiring and expanding companies that specialize in genetic testing—–think cancer-carrier screenings and noninvasive prenatal tests—in order to collect and share millions of individual data sets. On Sema4’s searchable platform, doctors will have instant access to a world of genomes to help diagnose their patients. Pharmaceutical companies will pay to use the system to find patient populations for clinical trials. And scientists, their current analytic arsenals amplified through ever more powerful computers and machine-learning algorithms, will finally possess enough genetic data to fuel ambitious research. Though a handful of tech giants are venturing into the life sciences (see “Big Bets on Biodata,” below) and the National Institutes of Health is asking for a million volunteers to create its own massive biobank, Schadt believes that Sema4 and other startups like it—Craig Venter’s Human Longevity and Patrick Soon-Shiong’s Nant-Health chief among them—are the most committed to achieving the optimal scale of genetic data. While these companies will compete with one another to collect ever greater stores of high–quality biodata, Sema4 will stand out by making its genetic library accessible and free of charge to academic medical centers and nonprofit researchers around the world. Should any of Sema4’s competitors need to harvest information from a subset of Schadt’s data populations, he says, they could simply pay to access the Sema4 search platform. Or Sema4 and other companies could join forces to assemble large data sets for ambitious endeavors like the Resilience Project—only bigger. Big Bets on Biodata How four tech heavyweights are going all-in on life science. —Gregory Barber Alphabet Using machine learning for their Baseline study, Alphabet’s Verily Life Sciences team will pore over genomic, clinical, and imaging data from thousands of healthy volunteers in the hope of better understanding what makes them healthy—knowledge that might help keep people from getting sick in the first place. IBM In the 1970s, the World Health Organization used IBM hardware to hunt down the last vestiges of smallpox. Today IBM is partnering with hospitals to funnel health data into Watson, its Jeopardy!-winning AI system. The goal is to predict disease, personalize treatment, and even power virtual medical assistants to sift through records and research. Apple Using Apple’s ResearchKit, scientists can recruit clinical study subjects en masse and collect real-time health data from participants’ iPhones. Last spring the company added CareKit, which lets Apple users share health data directly with their personal doctors. Microsoft The company is developing tiny sensors to be worn on the skin that can transmit biometric data to remote health monitors (and, potentially, large-scale data aggregators). Microsoft also just announced its plan to use machine learning and biological data to “solve” cancer. Still, Schadt argues, the problem of scale can’t be solved by companies simply pooling their data. “It’s about getting the data from the patients themselves.” Based on his experience at Mount Sinai, he’s seen a leap in recent years in the number of people who are coming around to his belief that there is more upside than down to having a physician know their genetic predisposition to certain conditions. He says that when he got to Mount Sinai in 2011, the hospital was screening a few thousand genetic samples a year. This year, they could screen up to 150,000, most of them collected from patients in the New York region, and at Sema4, Schadt says, “we intend to scale that up to 500,000 to a million samples a year.” That growth will occur by buying and expanding existing genetic testing companies all over the country, most of which are now independent from each other but under Sema4 will combine to create a massive network of genetic information governed by a uniform standard of security and consent. Schadt acknowledges that it’s no simple task to ask a person to give up their biodata to an anonymous corporation. Even though billions of public- and private-sector dollars have been spent to modernize and secure existing data networks, breaches and leaks remain a fact of life. At Sema4, patients will be told, in detail, how their data will be encrypted, anonymized, and scrubbed of identifying information (except for an encryption key). Even in the event of a breach, the chance of someone being identified and exposed is exceedingly low. There is also the issue of informed consent—the patients’ understanding and approval of the whats, hows, whys, and how longs of whatever they’re asked to endure—which impacts both the quality and the quantity of the data being collected. “There are companies today that claim access to millions of patient records,” Schadt explains. “But from the standpoint of what we intend to do, the data is meaningless. It’s often inaccurate, incomplete, and not easily linked across systems. Plus, that data doesn’t typically include access to DNA or to the genomic data generated on their DNA.” To take the example of the Resilience Project, it wasn’t simply that the universe of data was too small—it was also that the 600,000 genomes were governed under a hash of various consenting arrangements. If something vital was discovered, hundreds of thousands of participants could not be recontacted or tracked, making the data useless from a practical research standpoint. Today, most consent forms are designed to be as quick and uninformative as possible, but rather than make it easier for researchers to get high-quality data, this approach actually makes it harder. Studies have shown that the more informed the consent, the better the information, since patients are more willing to participate in follow-up exams and interviews when they appreciate the purpose of the research. (This also allows scientists to track health and wellness over time.) At Sema4, Schadt is adopting a multistage informational process—which includes a mandatory, must-pass quiz—so it will be clear that patients understand the full scope of what they’re consenting to. This will require more of a patient’s time, but Schadt is betting that as more patients understand, more of them will consent to sharing their genetic information. With this digital infrastructure in place, Schadt envisions a future in which more and more patients share not only their genomes but also medical and lifestyle information collected by monitoring devices like glucometers, blood-pressure trackers, and inhalers. The hope is that, ultimately, these increasingly sophisticated, increasingly patient-friendly tests will be so comprehensive that a patient’s microbiome can be regularly sequenced, their RNA frequently examined, and their blood cells constantly monitored for signs of trouble. The virtual monopoly that medical centers like Mount Sinai now exercise over patient data will be smashed, and researchers will finally have the masses of genetic data that the medical breakthroughs of the future require. “Can we do better for human well-being if information is more broadly accessible, where you’re leveraging the mindshare of the entire planet to evolve the models of disease?” Schadt asks. “Absolutely.” This is medicine as math, not guesswork, and every disease—even stage 4 cancer—might one day be druggable. This exclusive online extra accompanies our special November issue, guest-edited by President Barack Obama. Subscribe now. Go Back to Top. Skip To: Start of Article. cancer genetics longreads magazine-24.11 national frontiers Skip Social. Skip to: Latest News. Share Share Tweet Pin Comment Email Skip Social. Skip to: Latest News. Share Share Tweet Pin Comment Email Skip Latest News. Skip to: Comments. Most Popular John Oliver Sums Up Election 2016 in One Devastating Last Week Tonight Episode TV John Oliver Sums Up Election 2016 in One Devastating Last Week Tonight Episode 3 hours Review: Apple MacBook Pro With Touch Bar product review Review: Apple MacBook Pro With Touch Bar 10 hours These Are the 6 Albums You Must Listen to Now Music These Are the 6 Albums You Must Listen to Now 11 hours My Insane Adventure to Buy Snap’s New Spectacles social media My Insane Adventure to Buy Snap’s New Spectacles 5 hours The Former Top Gear Guys Show Us the Last Things on Their Phones TV The Former Top Gear Guys Show Us the Last Things on Their Phones 7 hours Hack Brief: 412M Accounts Breached on FriendFinder Sex Sites Hack Brief Hack Brief: 412M Accounts Breached on FriendFinder Sex Sites 5 hours Dave Chappelle’s Towering Monologue on SNL Gave Us the Catharsis We Needed TV Dave Chappelle’s Towering Monologue on SNL Gave Us the Catharsis We Needed 2 days IBM Is Using Tiny Tubes to Grow the Chips of the Future Chips IBM Is Using Tiny Tubes to Grow the Chips of the Future 11 hours More Stories Skip Comments. Skip to: Footer. View comments Sponsored Stories Powered By Outbrain Powered By Outbrain More Science geology Papua New Guinea Hides Some of the Most Dangerous Volcanoes on Earth 7 hours physics What Sonic Black Holes Say About the Real Deal 1 day physics The Physics of Nutballs Somersaulting in an Indoor Skydiving Tube 10.10.16 Food Edible Science: Here’s the Secret to the Perfect Kale Salad 11.11.16 physics Maybe Quicksilver Doesn’t Have Super-Speed—He Might Warp Time 11.11.16 TV John Oliver Sums Up Election 2016 in One Devastating Last Week Tonight Episode 3 hours We Recommend Powered By Outbrain Get The Magazine Subscribe now to get 6 months for $5 - plus a FREE Portable Phone Charger. Subscribe Get Our Newsletter WIRED's biggest stories, delivered to your inbox. Submit Thank You Invalid Email Follow Us On Twitter 7 hours There's a metaphor somewhere in the life of a dung beetle: bit.ly/2gaeptX Follow Follow Us On Facebook Don't miss our latest news, features and videos. Follow We’re On Pinterest See what's inspiring us. Follow Follow Us On Youtube Don't miss out on WIRED's latest videos. Follow Get Our Newsletter WIRED's biggest stories, delivered to your inbox. Submit Thank You Invalid Email Follow Us On Twitter 7 hours There's a metaphor somewhere in the life of a dung beetle: bit.ly/2gaeptX Follow Follow Us On Facebook Don't miss our latest news, features and videos. Follow We’re On Pinterest See what's inspiring us. Follow Follow Us On Youtube Don't miss out on WIRED's latest videos. Follow Here’s The Thing With Ad Blockers We get it: Ads aren’t what you’re here for. But ads help us keep the lights on. So, add us to your ad blocker’s whitelist or pay $1 per week for an ad-free version of WIRED. Either way, you are supporting our journalism. We’d really appreciate it. Sign Up Already a member? Log in Thank You All of us at WIRED appreciate your support! Continue Wired Facebook Wired Twitter Wired Pinterest Wired Youtube Wired Tumblr Wired Instagram Login Subscribe Advertise Site Map Press Center FAQ Customer Care Contact Us T-Shirt Collection Newsletter Wired Staff Jobs RSS Use of this site constitutes acceptance of our user agreement (effective 3/21/12) and privacy policy (effective 3/21/12). Affiliate link policy. Your California privacy rights. The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Condé Nast.

Bloomberg the Company & Its ProductsBloomberg Anywhere Remote LoginBloomberg Anywhere LoginBloomberg Terminal Demo Request Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Philanthropy & Engagement Bloomberg London Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Bloomberg Tradebook Bloomberg Briefs Bloomberg Indices Bloomberg SEF Bloomberg Institute Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center Enterprise Products Enterprise Solutions Trading Solutions Bloomberg Vault Bloomberg PolarLake Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps News Bureaus Media Services Bloomberg Live Conferences Bloomberg Media Distribution Advertising Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Philanthropy & Engagement Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Bloomberg London Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps News Bureaus Media Services Advertising Bloomberg Media Distribution Bloomberg Live Conferences Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Bloomberg Tradebook Bloomberg Briefs Bloomberg Indices Bloomberg SEF Bloomberg Institute Enterprise Products Enterprise Solutions Trading Solutions Bloomberg Vault Bloomberg PolarLake Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center MENU Homepage Markets Stocks Currencies Commodities Rates + Bonds Economics Magazine Benchmark Watchlist Economic Calendar Tech U.S. Global Startups Cybersecurity Digital Media Bloomberg Technology TV Hello World Studio 1.0 Pursuits Cars & Bikes Style & Grooming Spend Watches & Gadgets Food & Drinks Travel Real Estate Art & Design Politics With All Due Respect Poll Decoder Culture Caucus Podcast Masters In Politics Podcast Ad Tracker Battlegrounds 2016 Opinion View Gadfly Businessweek Subscribe Cover Stories Opening Remarks Etc Features 85th Anniversary Issue Behind The Cover More Science + Energy Graphics Game Plan Small Business Personal Finance Inspire GO The David Rubenstein Show Sponsored Content Bloomberg About The Company Sign In Sign In Pfizer's Remicade Rudeness Shouldn't Faze J&J By Max Nisen Health Max Nisen Max Nisen is a Bloomberg Gadfly columnist covering biotech, pharma and health care. He previously wrote about management and corporate strategy for Quartz and Business Insider. Follow @MaxNisen Facebook Twitter Email Print Share Oct 18, 2016 2:19 PM EDT MERCK KGAA +0.16 At Closing, Nov 14th 94.73 EUR ABBVIE INC -0.13 At Closing, Nov 14th 62.97 USD The pharma world can be cutthroat as firms jockey for position with competing drugs. But even in that context, Pfizer's decision to announce a late-November launch of its competing version of Johnson & Johnson's best-selling drug Remicade the afternoon before J&J released its third-quarter earnings seems a bit cold.  Pfizer's announcement cast a shadow on another blockbuster quarter from J&J, whose shares fell 2.7 percent on Tuesday. But J&J isn't going to let Remicade's $6.5 billion in sales slip gently into the good night. And it's better positioned than just about any other company to weather such a storm.  Down, Not Out Concerns about competition for its best selling drug Remicade dropped Johnson & Johnson shares Tuesday. Source: Bloomberg Intraday times are displayed in ET. Pfizer's drug, Inflectra, is not your standard generic. J&J's drug Remicade is what's known as a biologic drug, made with living cells instead of a chemical process. It's impossible to copy exactly; hence the term "biosimilar." The regulatory tango involved in getting such a drug approved is about as complicated as making it.  Inflectra is just the second biosimilar to hit the U.S. market. It's going to be a huge test of how willing doctors are to prescribe biosimilars, how aggressive payers will be in pushing them, and how firms will fight for biologic market share over the next decade.  Remicade sales helped Johnson & Johnson top earnings estimates in the latest quarter. Sales of the drug grew more than 10 percent from a year ago -- but such performance likely won't be seen again. Merck markets the drug in Europe and splits the profits with Johnson & Johnson. Biosimilars first launched in that region in February of last year, and Merck saw sales drop by more than $500 million compared to 2014, a substantially bigger decline than what analysts currently expect for J&J in 2017.  Patent Bunny Slope? Analysts expect a relatively slow dropoff in J&J's Remicade sales as biosimilar copies hit the U.S. market Source: Bloomberg Things are a bit more complicated in the U.S. Pfizer's drug is an "at risk" launch; there are still outstanding patent appeals that could tangle things up. The FDA has yet to release guidance that would make it easier for pharmacists to switch patients from Remicade to Inflectra. Pfizer is also pricing its drug at a relatively modest 15 percent discount, which may help J&J minimize the sales impact.  The J&J company line, per its earnings call, is that it already faces biosimilar competition elsewhere and has managed to preserve most of its market share. It argues doctors and patients will be reluctant to switch and expects only a "modest" impact from Pfizer's launch.   Remicade sales will drop -- possibly more than expected, if it loses major market share or payers press J&J for discounts.  That means J&J must rely on its pipeline for future growth -- but there are worse things. Last year, J&J committed to file for regulatory approval for a total of 10 drugs with at least $1 billion peak sales potential each by 2019. One of those, the cancer drug Darzalex, has already been approved. By 2019, the company also expects to file for 10 line extensions -- expanded approvals for existing drugs -- that it says could account for at least $500 million each in peak sales. If even a modest portion of that forecast is met, then Remicade becomes much less of a worry. Though J&J's device and consumer businesses are declining in relative importance, they still combined to deliver $9.4 billion in sales in the quarter and give the company a steady base other competing pharma firms lack. That makes J&J less dependent on Remicade. Yes, the drug accounted for 21 percent of pharmaceutical sales in the latest quarter. But it provided only 10 percent of J&J's total sales. Contrast that with AbbVie, whose biosimilar-threatened blockbuster Humira accounted for 64 percent of revenue in the second quarter.  If that's not enough, J&J also has $42.5 billion in cash on hand and is on the hunt for pharma acquisitions. It's on its way to more than $72 billion in revenue in 2016 and delivers on or exceeds expectations quarter after quarter.  Always On Time Johnson & Johnson has made a habit of beating or exceeding analyst's quarterly earnings expectations Source: Bloomberg Adjusted to make comparable with Bloomberg estimates If Pfizer wants to truly rattle J&J, it may have to try a bit harder.  This column does not necessarily reflect the opinion of Bloomberg LP and its owners. To contact the author of this story: Max Nisen in New York at mnisen@bloomberg.net To contact the editor responsible for this story: Mark Gongloff at mgongloff1@bloomberg.net Deflated Deflated Shares in luxury makers Kate Spade and Michael Kors have fallen from their peaks, while other luxury goods companies struggle to sustain gains Source: Bloomberg Not Your Bag LVMH Doesn't Need What Michael Kors Is Selling Consumer Shelly Banjo A Year to Forget A Year to Forget ConocoPhillips' stock has lagged behind its larger rivals in 2016 Source: Bloomberg Twofer ConocoPhillips Was Right to Split Energy Liam Denning Amneal deal would be $8 billion Alternative Medicine Rummaging in the Medicine Cabinet Health Chris Hughes Pound's best month since 2009 The Surreal World Trump Is No Cure for Brexit's $82 Billion Gap Finance Lionel Laurent Siemens is paying $4.5 billion Mentor Merger Siemens's Expensive Tastes Industrials Chris Bryant Easy Listening Easy Listening Samsung's $8 billion cash purchase of Harman International is its largest to date Source: Bloomberg Note: Includes acquisitions and investments for Samsung Electronics Co. DRIVING AMBITION Samsung Turns Up the Volume on Cars Deals Tim Culpan Deep Pockets Deep Pockets BMW can afford to spend more than Tesla on R&D Source: Bloomberg Gas-Guzzlers Begone BMW Needs an Electric Jump-Start Autos Chris Bryant Cosco Shipping intraday gain 10% JUMPING SHIPS Boats Go Bananas Commodities David Fickling Lagging Behind Lagging Behind U.S. breakeven rates, a measure of market expectations for inflation, have soared on Trump's election Source: Bloomberg Note: Data are normalized from start date Missing Linkers Inflation Salvation's in Short Supply Markets Marcus Ashworth How investors saw tech Defensive Rich pickings Trump Makes Fundies Cool Again Markets Tim Culpan Shenzhen retail ownership 59% Wok Hei Shenzhen Link Investors Had Better Like Stir Fry Markets Nisha Gopalan Lingering Threat Lingering Threat International flows into Malaysian bonds have been the strongest this year since 2012, but could quickly reverse Source: Bloomberg * Year-to-date. Ace of Spades Malaysia's Running Out of Trump Cards Markets Andy Mukherjee Lock Step Lock Step U.S. crude oil and retail gasoline prices move in tandem Source: Bloomberg Sanctions Redux Donald Trump Could Be OPEC's New Best Friend Julian Lee Yield Surge Yield Surge Bond yields climbed sharply after the election of Donald Trump as U.S. president Source: Bloomberg Swing State The Bond Pit and the Pendulum Markets Lisa Abramowicz Don of a New Era Don of a New Era Long-term U.S. Treasury yields surged this week as markets attempted to discount a Trump presidency Source: Bloomberg Trade of the Week Goldman Sachs Made America Great Again Finance Michael P. Regan Deal Spectrum Slam Dunk 20/20 Hindsight That Big Berkshire Hathaway Railroad Deal Deals Gillian Tan Flash Sale Flash Sale J.C. Penney's shares plunged by as much as 12% in pre-market trading Friday, eventually turning positive as investors digested its lower-than-expected earnings Source: Bloomberg Intraday times are displayed in ET. Upshift J.C. Penney Needs to Find a New Gear Consumer Shelly Banjo Copper Used In China For Each Tonne Used In The U.S. 6.7 Tonnes Wistful Thinking Trump Takes Copper Bulls Down Memory Lane Energy Liam Denning Trumped Up Trumped Up U.S. interest rates have spiked since Tuesday's U.S. presidential election Source: Bloomberg Marketing President Trump, Meet President Reagan Markets Nir Kaissar Feel The Flow Feel The Flow Quarterly net flows of assets under management turned positive at Pimco for the first time since 2013 Source: Company filings Inflection Point Pimco's Turnaround Gets Trumped Finance Lionel Laurent Get the Crash Cart Get the Crash Cart Shares of hospital companies plunged as it became clear Donald Trump would be the next President Source: Bloomberg Intraday times are displayed in ET. Obamacarelessness Trump Puts Hospitals in the ICU Health Max Nisen Trump Effect Trump Effect Banks led by Wells Fargo & Co. have outperformed since Trump won the election, in part due to likely reduced regulation and the potential that his spending plans will drive inflation (and interest rate hikes) Source: Bloomberg You've Got Time Goldman's Slow Volcker Compliance Could Pay Off Gillian Tan Bpost's proposed offer €2.4 billion Lost in Delivery Return This Deal to Sender Finance Chris Hughes Bottoms Up Bottoms Up After reaching a low in the first half of July, U.S. Treasury yields have been climbing steadily Source: Bloomberg Safe Not Sorry Gundlach Takes a Moral Victory Lap Markets Lisa Abramowicz Down With the Kids Down With the Kids Christmas ads' pick up on social media is crucial to creating a brand buzz for British retailers Source: YouTube Lidl is an estimate as of December 2015 Tune In The Futile Christmas Ad War Consumer Andrea Felsted
Dienstag, 15.11.2016 Börsentäglich über 12.000 News von 551 internationalen Medien Indizes Kurs % News 24 h / 7 T Aufrufe 7 Tage Aktien Kurs % News 24 h / 7 T Aufrufe 7 Tage Xetra-Orderbuch Devisen Kurs % Rohstoffe Kurs % Passende Knock-Outs zu Ihrer Suchanfrage (Anzeige) Erweiterte Suche Ad hoc-Mitteilungen Startseite Nachrichten Aktienkurse Fonds Anleihen Derivate Rohstoffe Devisen Watchlist Aufklappen Schliessen Nachrichten»Top 5 Vendors in the Global Metabolic Disorders Therapeutics Market from 2016 to 2020: Technavio 18.10.2016 | 19:26 (4 Leser) Schrift ändern: (0 Bewertungen) Business Wire·Mehr Nachrichten von Business Wire Top 5 Vendors in the Global Metabolic Disorders Therapeutics Market from 2016 to 2020: Technavio TOP 5 VENDORS IN THE GLOBAL METABOLIC DISORDERS THERAPEUTICS MARKET FROM 2016 TO 2020: TECHNAVIO Technavio has announced the top five leading vendors in their recentglobal metabolic disorders therapeutics marketreport. This research report also lists several other prominent vendors that are expected to impact the market during the forecast period. Special regulatory designations will act as a major boost for the global metabolic disorders therapeutics market. These special designations help vendors launch their drugs quickly into the market. Also, in a few cases, governments offer tax incentives for such drugs. The US Food and Drug Administration (FDA) gave the orphan drug designation for a few already approved drugs such as Elelyso, Zavesca, and Cerezyme. Regulatory bodies, at times, give these designations to pipeline products. For instance, Amicus Therapeutics' migalastat is under regulatory review in the US. However, the drug received orphan designation from the FDA for Fabry disease in June 2016. Competitive vendor landscape Novo Nordisk dominated the global metabolic disorders therapeutics market in 2015, primarily because of the high revenues obtained from the diabetes drugs segment. The dominant drugs of the company are Levemir, NovoRapid/NovoLog, NovoMix/NovoLog Mix, and Victoza, which together accounted for the sales of USD 10.14 billion in 2015. The company focuses mainly on diabetes, obesity, hemophilia, and growth hormone disorders. The sales in diabetes and obesity care products increased by 22% in 2015, when measured in Danish Krone (DKK). "Sanofi holds the second position in the metabolic disorders therapeutics market, particularly the diabetes drugs market owing to the high performance of Lantus, which remains the world's best-selling insulin brand, both in terms of volume and value. The sales of Lantus represented over 17% of the total net sales of the company in 2015," says Barath Palada, a lead cardiovascular and metabolic disorders analyst from Technavio. Merck has captured the third position in the global metabolic disorder therapeutics market owing to its prominent position in diabetes and hypercholesterolemia drugs market. Januvia and Janumet are the leading diabetes drugs offered by the company, the combined sales of which accounted to USD 6.01 billion in 2015. Also, the presence of pipeline products is expected to foster the growth of this segment further. Request a sample report: http://www.technavio.com/request-a-sample?report=52802 Technavio's sample reports are free of charge and contain multiple sections of the report including the market size and forecast, drivers, challenges, trends, and more. Top five metabolic disorders therapeutics market vendors Novo Nordisk The company is engaged in research, development, manufacturing and marketing of insulin products, GLP-1 and associated delivery systems, oral antidiabetic products (OAD) and obesity drugs. In FY2015, the revenue increased by 9% compared to that in 2014. The increase was because of the growth in performance of Victoza (Glucagon-Like Peptide-1 therapy for type 2 diabetes) and insulin and protein related products (Treshiba, Ryzodeg, and modern insulin). However, it was partially offset by the decrease in sales of oral antidiabetic products (Novonorm, Prandin, and Prandimet). Sanofi The company is engaged in research, development, and marketing of various therapeutic solutions and healthcare products. The revenue generated from the sales of the other products in the diabetes segment amounted to USD 8.41 billion in 2015. The various products included under the diabetes segment are Lantus, Amaryl, Apidra, Insuman, and Lyxumia. The sales in the diabetes segment declined by USD 550.2 billion in 2015. Apart from this, Toujeo was approved by the US FDA in February 2015 and by the EMA in April 2015. Merck Merck offers type 2 diabetes drugs through its pharmaceutical segment. The company has an established presence in the diabetes market with offerings such as Januvia and Janumet. In June 2015, the company presented Trial Evaluating Cardiovascular Outcomes with Sitagliptin study results at the 2015 American Diabetes Association meeting. AstraZeneca The company offers a wide range of products for the treatment of cardiovascular and metabolic diseases. The key products for the treatment of cardiovascular diseases include Atacand1/Atacand HCT/Atacand Plus, Brilinta/Brilique, Crestor, Plendil, Seloken/Toprol-XL, Tenormin, and Zestril. Eli Lilly Eli Lilly has an established presence in the diabetes market with its range of offerings. It offers diabetes drugs through its endocrinology segment. The key products include Trulicity, Jardiance, Abasaglar (Basaglar), Humalog, Humulin, Trajenta, Jentadueto, and Glyxambi. Browse Related Reports: Global Type 2 Diabetes Market 2016-2020 Global Type 1 Diabetes Drugs Market 2016-2020 Global Insulin Delivery Systems Market 2016-2020 Do you need a report on a market in a specific geographical cluster or country but can't find what you're looking for? Don't worry, Technavio also takes client requests. Please contact enquiry@technavio.com with your requirements and our analysts will be happy to create a customized report just for you. About Technavio Technavio is a leading global technology research and advisory company. The company develops over 2000 pieces of research every year, covering more than 500 technologies across 80 countries. Technavio has about 300 analysts globally who specialize in customized consulting and business research assignments across the latest leading edge technologies. Technavio analysts employ primary as well as secondary research techniques to ascertain the size and vendor landscape in a range of markets. Analysts obtain information using a combination of bottom-up and top-down approaches, besides using in-house market modeling tools and proprietary databases. They corroborate this data with the data obtained from various market participants and stakeholders across the value chain, including vendors, service providers, distributors, re-sellers, and end-users. If you are interested in more information, please contact our media team at media@technavio.com. View source version on businesswire.com: http://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20161013005014/en/ Contacts: Technavio Research Jesse Maida Media Marketing Executive US: +1 630 333 9501 UK: +44 208 123 1770 www.technavio.com © 2016 Business Wire Sie erhalten auf FinanzNachrichten.de kostenlose Realtime-Aktienkurse von  und  mit der Push-Technologie von   Wie bewerten Sie die aktuell angezeigte Seite?sehr gut123456schlechtProblem melden Google+ Seite Nachrichten • Aktienkurse • DAX • Xetra-Orderbuch • Watchlist Ad hoc-Mitteilungen • Nachrichten Börsen • Aktien-Empfehlungen Branchen • Medien • Nachrichten-Archiv Impressum | AGB | Disclaimer • Presse • Mediadaten RSS-News von FinanzNachrichten.de kostenlos für Ihren Browser und Ihre Homepage
Dienstag, 15.11.2016 Börsentäglich über 12.000 News von 551 internationalen Medien Indizes Kurs % News 24 h / 7 T Aufrufe 7 Tage Aktien Kurs % News 24 h / 7 T Aufrufe 7 Tage Xetra-Orderbuch Devisen Kurs % Rohstoffe Kurs % Passende Knock-Outs zu Ihrer Suchanfrage (Anzeige) Erweiterte Suche Ad hoc-Mitteilungen Startseite Nachrichten Aktienkurse Fonds Anleihen Derivate Rohstoffe Devisen Watchlist Aufklappen Schliessen Nachrichten»U.S. and China Asthma and COPD Drugs Market to be Worth US$18.7 Bn by 2024: Development of New Biologics to Combat Respiratory Diseases to Provide Strong Impetus, Predicts TMR 18.10.2016 | 16:31 (2 Leser) Schrift ändern: (0 Bewertungen) PR Newswire·Mehr Nachrichten von PR Newswire U.S. and China Asthma and COPD Drugs Market to be Worth US$18.7 Bn by 2024: Development of New Biologics to Combat Respiratory Diseases to Provide Strong Impetus, Predicts TMR ALBANY, New York, October 18, 2016 /PRNewswire/ -- The top five companies in the U.S. and China asthma and COPD drugs market accounted for just under 64.0% in 2015, hinting at not just the consolidated nature of this industry but also at the immense competition among players. GlaxoSmithKline plc, Astrazeneca plc, Boehringer Ingelheim, Merck & Co. Inc., and Novartis AG currently enjoy the leading spots in the asthma and COPD drugs market. According to Transparency Market Research, the opportunity in the U.S. and China asthma and COPD drugs market is slated to rise from a valuation of US$13.0 bn in 2015 to be worth US$18.7 bn by 2024. If these values hold true, the market is likely to expand at a modest CAGR of 4.1% therein. Request a PDF Brochure of this report for more info:http://www.transparencymarketresearch.com/sample/sample.php?flag=S&rep_id=15857 China Poised to Witness Strong Growth by 2024 On the basis of drug class, the combination drugs segment is projected to account for a 55.4% share by 2024. This is attributed to the steadily rising preference for combination therapies as prescribed by doctors and the launch of new triple combination therapies during the forecast period. Expanding at the highest CAGR of 4.4% from 2016 to 2024, this segment offers immense scope for growth. "Combination drugs are analyzed to be the most lucrative segment of the asthma and COPD drugs market, with a high attractiveness index. This is clearly evident from the increased sales of this class of drugs in 2015," the author of the report states. In terms of indication, asthma is projected to account for a higher share as compared to COPD during the forecast period. This is due to the increasing adoption of asthma drugs driven by higher diagnosis rates. Asthma is also evaluated to be the most lucrative segment of the asthma and COPD drugs market. From a geographical standpoint, the U.S. is the dominant segment of the asthma and COPD drugs the market owing to greater awareness among patients and higher prices of these drugs. Although the country accounted for a whopping 81.4% share in 2015, it is estimated to lose market share by the end of the forecast period. On the other hand, China is poised to witness strong growth in the coming years, registering a 10.0% CAGR from 2016 to 2024. Browse Research Report with Full TOC:http://www.transparencymarketresearch.com/us-china-asthma-copd-drugs-market.html Rising Incidence of Respiratory Diseases behind Growing Demand for COPD and Asthma Drugs "One of the most prominent factors driving the asthma and COPD drugs market in the U.S. and China, and one that is likely to have a significant impact throughout the forecast period, is the growing prevalence of asthma and COPD in these two countries, especially in the last decade, the author of the study observes. Statistics show that the prevalence of asthma across China is 1% to 2%, while it is well over 10% in some cities. Shanghai recorded a whopping 190% increase in the prevalence of asthma over the last decade. The U.S. has also seen an upsurge in asthma cases in the recent past. The Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC) states that around one in 12 people in the U.S. are living with asthma, which translates to around 25 million people in the country. Another factor driving the market for asthma and COPD drugs in China and the U.S. is the growing usage of biologics in asthma, which is a relatively new method of treatment. Noteworthy advances have been made in the recent past, particularly for patients with severe disease symptoms. Ongoing developments by companies such as AstraZeneca and Roche are projected to provide a strong impetus to the asthma and COPD drugs market. Contrary to this, patent expiry of blockbuster brands and frequent product recalls threaten to deter the growth of this market. This review is based on the findings of a TMR report titled "Asthma and COPD Drugs Market - U.S. and China Industry Analysis, Size, Share, Growth, Trends, and Forecast 2016 - 2024." Browse Press Release on U.S. and China Asthma and COPD Drugs Market: http://www.transparencymarketresearch.com/pressrelease/us-china-asthma-copd-drugs-market.htm U.S. and China Asthma and COPD Drugs Market, by Drug Class Bronchodilators Short Acting Beta-2 Agonists Long Acting Beta-2 Agonists Anti-cholinergic Agents Anti-inflammatory Drugs Oral and Inhaled Corticosteroids Anti-leukotrienes Phosphodiesterase Type-4 Inhibitors Others Monoclonal Antibodies Combination Drugs U.S. and China Asthma and COPD Drugs Market, by Indication Asthma COPD Browse Other Research Report: Global Asthma and COPD Drug Market:http://www.transparencymarketresearch.com/asthma-and-copd-market.html About Us: Transparency Market Research (TMR) is a U.S. based provider of syndicated research, customized research, and consulting services. TMR's global and regional market intelligence coverage includes industries such as pharmaceutical, chemicals and materials, technology and media, food and beverages, and consumer goods, among others. Each TMR research report provides clients with a 360-degree view of the market with statistical forecasts, competitive landscape, detailed segmentation, key trends, and strategic recommendations. Contact Us: Transparency Market Research 90 State Street, Suite 700 Albany, NY 12207 Tel: +1-518-618-1030 USA - Canada Toll Free: 866-552-3453 Email: sales@transparencymarketresearch.com Website: http://www.transparencymarketresearch.com Blog: http://www.tmrblog.com/ © 2016 PR Newswire Sie erhalten auf FinanzNachrichten.de kostenlose Realtime-Aktienkurse von  und  mit der Push-Technologie von   Wie bewerten Sie die aktuell angezeigte Seite?sehr gut123456schlechtProblem melden Google+ Seite Nachrichten • Aktienkurse • DAX • Xetra-Orderbuch • Watchlist Ad hoc-Mitteilungen • Nachrichten Börsen • Aktien-Empfehlungen Branchen • Medien • Nachrichten-Archiv Impressum | AGB | Disclaimer • Presse • Mediadaten RSS-News von FinanzNachrichten.de kostenlos für Ihren Browser und Ihre Homepage
Regulatory News Search Search Products & Services    News Releases Close Send a release Become a client For journalists Global sites Asia Brazil Canada Finland France India Israel Mexico Netherlands Sweden United States See more news releases in Health Care & Hospitals | Medical Pharmaceuticals | Surveys, Polls and Research U.S. and China Asthma and COPD Drugs Market to be Worth US$18.7 Bn by 2024: Development of New Biologics to Combat Respiratory Diseases to Provide Strong Impetus, Predicts TMR ALBANY, New York, October 18, 2016 /PRNewswire/ -- The top five companies in the U.S. and China asthma and COPD drugs market accounted for just under 64.0% in 2015, hinting at not just the consolidated nature of this industry but also at the immense competition among players. GlaxoSmithKline plc, Astrazeneca plc, Boehringer Ingelheim, Merck & Co. Inc., and Novartis AG currently enjoy the leading spots in the asthma and COPD drugs market. According to Transparency Market Research, the opportunity in the U.S. and China asthma and COPD drugs market is slated to rise from a valuation of US$13.0 bn in 2015 to be worth US$18.7 bn by 2024. If these values hold true, the market is likely to expand at a modest CAGR of 4.1% therein. Request a PDF Brochure of this report for more info: http://www.transparencymarketresearch.com/sample/sample.php?flag=S&rep_id=15857 China Poised to Witness Strong Growth by 2024  On the basis of drug class, the combination drugs segment is projected to account for a 55.4% share by 2024. This is attributed to the steadily rising preference for combination therapies as prescribed by doctors and the launch of new triple combination therapies during the forecast period. Expanding at the highest CAGR of 4.4% from 2016 to 2024, this segment offers immense scope for growth. "Combination drugs are analyzed to be the most lucrative segment of the asthma and COPD drugs market, with a high attractiveness index. This is clearly evident from the increased sales of this class of drugs in 2015," the author of the report states. In terms of indication, asthma is projected to account for a higher share as compared to COPD during the forecast period. This is due to the increasing adoption of asthma drugs driven by higher diagnosis rates. Asthma is also evaluated to be the most lucrative segment of the asthma and COPD drugs market. From a geographical standpoint, the U.S. is the dominant segment of the asthma and COPD drugs the market owing to greater awareness among patients and higher prices of these drugs. Although the country accounted for a whopping 81.4% share in 2015, it is estimated to lose market share by the end of the forecast period. On the other hand, China is poised to witness strong growth in the coming years, registering a 10.0% CAGR from 2016 to 2024. Browse Research Report with Full TOC: http://www.transparencymarketresearch.com/us-china-asthma-copd-drugs-market.html Rising Incidence of Respiratory Diseases behind Growing Demand for COPD and Asthma Drugs  "One of the most prominent factors driving the asthma and COPD drugs market in the U.S. and China, and one that is likely to have a significant impact throughout the forecast period, is the growing prevalence of asthma and COPD in these two countries, especially in the last decade, the author of the study observes. Statistics show that the prevalence of asthma across China is 1% to 2%, while it is well over 10% in some cities. Shanghai recorded a whopping 190% increase in the prevalence of asthma over the last decade. The U.S. has also seen an upsurge in asthma cases in the recent past. The Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC) states that around one in 12 people in the U.S. are living with asthma, which translates to around 25 million people in the country. Another factor driving the market for asthma and COPD drugs in China and the U.S. is the growing usage of biologics in asthma, which is a relatively new method of treatment. Noteworthy advances have been made in the recent past, particularly for patients with severe disease symptoms. Ongoing developments by companies such as AstraZeneca and Roche are projected to provide a strong impetus to the asthma and COPD drugs market. Contrary to this, patent expiry of blockbuster brands and frequent product recalls threaten to deter the growth of this market. This review is based on the findings of a TMR report titled "Asthma and COPD Drugs Market - U.S. and China Industry Analysis, Size, Share, Growth, Trends, and Forecast 2016 - 2024." Browse Press Release on U.S. and China Asthma and COPD Drugs Market:  http://www.transparencymarketresearch.com/pressrelease/us-china-asthma-copd-drugs-market.htm U.S. and China Asthma and COPD Drugs Market, by Drug Class  Bronchodilators Short Acting Beta-2 Agonists Long Acting Beta-2 Agonists Anti-cholinergic Agents Anti-inflammatory Drugs Oral and Inhaled Corticosteroids Anti-leukotrienes Phosphodiesterase Type-4 Inhibitors Others Monoclonal Antibodies Combination Drugs U.S. and China Asthma and COPD Drugs Market, by Indication  Asthma COPD Browse Other Research Report:  Global Asthma and COPD Drug Market: http://www.transparencymarketresearch.com/asthma-and-copd-market.html About Us:  Transparency Market Research (TMR) is a U.S. based provider of syndicated research, customized research, and consulting services. TMR's global and regional market intelligence coverage includes industries such as pharmaceutical, chemicals and materials, technology and media, food and beverages, and consumer goods, among others. Each TMR research report provides clients with a 360-degree view of the market with statistical forecasts, competitive landscape, detailed segmentation, key trends, and strategic recommendations. Contact Us: Transparency Market Research 90 State Street, Suite 700 Albany, NY 12207 Tel: +1-518-618-1030 USA - Canada Toll Free: 866-552-3453 Email: sales@transparencymarketresearch.com Website: http://www.transparencymarketresearch.com Blog: http://www.tmrblog.com/ SOURCE Transparency Market Research More by this Source U.S. Uterine Fibroids Market Worth US $273.6 Million by the end of 2024: Rising Prevalence of Fibroid to Ensure Uptake, Says TMR 16:30 GMT Disaster Recovery as a Service (DRaaS) Market all set to Touch US$21.55 Billion by 2024 - Global Analysis Competitive Outlook, Key Players, and Research Insights by TMR 14:30 GMT Waterproofing Chemicals Market is Estimated to Reach US$ 12,335.2 Million by 2024: Transparency Market Research 12:30 GMT View all news by Transparency Market Research Journalists and Bloggers Visit PR Newswire for Journalists for releases, photos and customised feeds just for media. View and download archived video content distributed by MultiVu on The Digital Center. Next in Health Care & Hospitals News   Get content for your website Enhance your website's or blog's content with PR Newswire's customised real-time news feeds. Start today.       Contact PR Newswire Send us an email at MarketingUK@prnewswire.co.uk or call us at +44 (0)20 7454 5382       Become a PR Newswire client Request more information about PR Newswire products & services or call us at +44 (0)20 7454 5382     Products & Services Knowledge Centre Browse News Releases Meet the Media Contact PR Newswire About PR Newswire Contact PR Newswire PR Newswire's Terms of Use Apply Privacy and Cookie Policy Site Map RSS Feeds Blog Copyright © 2016 PR Newswire Association LLC. All Rights Reserved. A Cisioncompany. Powered by Clickability.
null
News Sports Business Health Entertainment Food Opinion Obituaries Search icon | SectionsClose Search Search Search Search icon News Breaking Pennsylvania New Jersey Politics Education Special Reports Sports Eagles Phillies Flyers Sixers Union College High School Entertainment Celebs & Gossip The Arts Things to Do Puzzles Comics Business Cars Jobs Pharma Philly Deals Real Estate Small Business The Street Health Kids' Health Running Nutrition Sports Medicine Food Clean Plates Craig LaBan The Insider Opinion Blogs Columnists Think Tank Lifestyle Home & Design Sex & Dating Style Travel Marketplace Find a Home Job Listings Print Offers Online All Classifieds People Births Celebrations Engagements Obituaries Death Notices Your Day Event Calendar PMN Events Horoscope Lottery Weather Newsletters Advertise Contact Us Permissions Reprints Powered By Inquirer logo Subscribe Daily News logo Subscribe health — Health & Science CDC approves the two-dose HPV vaccine, instead of three Updated: October 19, 2016 — 6:41 PM EDT Facebook icon 17Share Twitter icon Tweet Tumblr icon Tumblr Mail icon Email Comment icon 0 Comment Reprints & Permissions REPRINTS Popular Stories Here's why people are burning their New Balance sneakers Nov 13 - 1:15 PM Puerto Rico is dumping off its heroin addicts in Philly Nov 12 - 5:18 AM iStockphoto by Marie McCullough, Staff Writer Twitter icon @repopter Close icon Mail icon Email Twitter icon @repopter Phone icon 215-854-2720 Marie McCullough Staff Writer  Marie McCullough covers health and medicine, with a special focus on cancer and women's health issues. More by Marie McCullough HIV antibody treatment shows promise, but has a ways to go Nov 11 Simple mineral could be cure for complex disease Nov 11 Cancer network campaigns to prevent deadly chemotherapy error Nov 10 More from Marie McCullough Arrow icon In a move that could boost HPV vaccination rates, the U.S. Centers for Disease Control and Prevention on Wednesday said younger adolescents need only two doses of the vaccine, rather than three as previously recommended. The human papillomavirus vaccine (HPV), introduced a decade ago, was hailed as a breakthrough in cancer prevention because it wards off infection with sexually-transmitted strains of the virus that cause cervical cancer and some rarer head, neck and genital cancers.  But doctors and parents of adolescents have been slow to embrace the immunization, put off by its novelty, link to sexual activity, and the complexity of the three-shot regimen, which is covered by insurance. The Advisory Committee on Immunization Practices, which counsels the CDC on vaccinations, voted to Wednesday to make the change to two doses. CDC director Tom Frieden accepted the recommendation hours later. The change fits with the Food and Drug Administration's approval earlier this month of a 2-dose schedule for younger adolescents who get the improved version of Merck's Gardasil vaccine. The new version protects against nine cancer-causing strains of HPV (the original protected against four) plus strains that cause genital warts. Gardasil is the most widely used HPV vaccine, but GlaxoSmithKline markets Cervarix, which does not protect against genital warts. Under the new schedule, the first of two shots of the HPV vaccine should be administered to boys and girls at ages 11 or 12, although it could be given as early as age 9, as under the previous guidance. The second shot would be given six to 12 months after the first shot. The new recommendation says young people who get vaccinated between ages 15 and 26 should continue to get three shots to build an adequate immune response against the virus. HPV vaccination rates have been improving, but remain far below that of other childhood vaccines. Last year, about half of boys and 63 percent of girls ages 13 to 17 had gotten at least one HPV shot. Only 13 percent of boys and 37 percent of boys had gotten all three doses. “By reducing the number of doses needed to complete HPV vaccination, it should lead to an increase in the percentage of eligible boys and girls who get vaccinated,” said Douglas Lowy, acting director of the National Cancer Institute. Lowy and his NCI colleague John Schiller developed the technology that underlies the HPV vaccine. The CDC says that about 80 million Americans are infected with HPV; in most cases, the immune system clears the infection. Still, more than 38,000 cases of HPV-associated cancers occur in the United States every year. The Washington Post contributed to this report. More Coverage Opioid epidemic and organ donation: It 'helps write the end of his story' Oct 21 - 5:16 PM Published: October 19, 2016 — 6:50 PM EDT The Philadelphia Inquirer We encourage respectful comments but reserve the right to delete anything that doesn't contribute to an engaging dialogue Help us moderate this thread by flagging comments that violate our guidelines Commenting policy | Comments FAQ Comment policy: Philly.com comments are intended to be civil, friendly conversations. Please treat other participants with respect and in a way that you would want to be treated. You are responsible for what you say. And please, stay on topic. If you see an objectionable post, please report it to us using the "Report Abuse" option. Please note that comments are monitored by Philly.com staff. We reserve the right at all times to remove any information or materials that are unlawful, threatening, abusive, libelous, defamatory, obscene, vulgar, pornographic, profane, indecent or otherwise objectionable. Personal attacks, especially on other participants, are not permitted. We reserve the right to permanently block any user who violates these terms and conditions. Additionally comments that are long, have multiple paragraph breaks, include code, or include hyperlinks may not be posted. Load comments Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Continue Reading More in health Health & Science › Patient says pro-Trump doctor kicked her out for disagreeing Diagnosis: Cancer › Cancer patient advocate: 'Obamacare saved me from financial devastation' Goal Getter › How to properly fuel for Philly Marathon Medical Mystery: What caused woman's chest discomfort? When social stigma is nearly as damaging as diabetes What natural remedies can help protect my heart? Temple doc among global leaders in COPD research HIV antibody treatment shows promise, but has a ways to go Penn student passes out once a week, but dog comes to her rescue W. Philly Family Dollar cited for 'strong smell of rodent urine' Could a simple mineral prevent a deadly cancer? Philly.com logo is powered by Inquirer logo Digital Edition Subscribe Subscriber Services Daily News logo Digital Edition Subscribe Subscriber Services Twitter icon @phillydotcom Facebook icon /phillydotcom News & Info News Sports Entertainment Business Health Food Lifestyle Opinion Event Calendar Archives Marketplace Deals Find a Home Job Listings Print Offers All Classifieds About us About Philly.com Advertise Contact Us Licensing & Permissions Photo Reprints Newspapers In Education Career Opportunities Internships   Mobile Apps Email Notifications Morning headlines Eagles This Week Things To Do Dining In and Out Sports Business Health Lifestyle PMN Events Show all ▾ Show some ▾ © Copyright 2016 Philadelphia Media Network (Digital), LLC Terms of Use & Privacy Policy
  Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Wires Home My Profile Logout Login Feedback DailyMail NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad Pre-teens need only two HPV shots, not three, CDC recommends By Reuters Published: 18:17 EST, 19 October 2016 | Updated: 18:17 EST, 19 October 2016 e-mail Oct 19 (Reuters) - Two doses of a vaccine that protects against cervical and several other types of cancer are enough for 11-to 12-year-olds, rather than the previous three-shot regimen, the U.S. Centers for Disease Control and Prevention said on Wednesday. Vaccines against the human papillomavirus, or HPV, Merck & Co Inc's Gardasil and GlaxoSmithKline Plc's Cervarix, have been available for years, but acceptance by the public has been slow. "Safe, effective, and long-lasting protection against HPV cancers with two visits instead of three means more Americans will be protected from cancer," CDC Director Tom Frieden said in a statement. "This recommendation will make it simpler for parents to get their children protected in time." The CDC now recommends that 11- to 12-year-olds receive two doses of HPV vaccine at least six months apart. Adolescents aged 13 and 14 can also receive the two-dose schedule, but teens and young adults who start the series later, at ages 15 through 26 years, will continue to need three doses, the agency said. HPV is among the most common sexually transmitted diseases. Most infections do not cause symptoms and go away on their own, but the virus is still a leading cause of cancer deaths among women worldwide. Since the virus can also cause genital warts and cancers of the anus and mouth/throat, the vaccine is recommended for both sexes. In the United States, the HPV vaccine is recommended for children aged 11 or 12, with the goal of protecting them against the virus before they become sexually active, and also for teens and young adults who may not have previously been vaccinated. (Reporting by Deena Beasley; Editing by Peter Cooney) Share or comment on this article e-mail Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article. Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail     DON'T MISS 'She's modified her face beyond all recognition!' Carol Vorderman, 55, stuns viewers after exhibiting 'frozen' complexion on I'm A Celeb It's getting hot in here! Ola Jordan shows off her dancer's body in tiny red bikini as she hits the jungle shower with Sam Quek and Scarlett Moffatt on I'm a Celeb Carol Vorderman, 55, strips down to a VERY racy swimsuit on I'm A Celeb...as 'happily single' star tells campmates 'I do alright' when it comes to men She looks to be doing just fine! Kim Kardashian's friend shares rare photo of reality star recluse as she dresses up in belly dancer costume for fun Ashley James puts on a eye-popping display in an itsy-bitsy bikini as she soaks up the sun on the beach in Ibiza Making the most of the sun 'It's me or the wardrobe!' Frankie Gaff gives Jamie Laing an ultimatum. He found living with her and her 'floordrobe' too much to bear on Made In Chelsea, by Jim Shelley  Cor (rie) blimey! Helen Flanagan showcases her incredible figure in a racy cut-out bikini as she holidays in Dubai with boyfriend Scott Sinclair Chloe Ferry reportedly FIRED from Geordie Shore after 'kicking new housemate Zahida Allen in the head'  The 21-year-old was shown the door Now that's a lesson in style! Myleene Klass exposes her cleavage in plunging jumpsuit as she leads the red carpet glamour at School of Rock press night She's proud of that booty! Khloe Kardashian flaunts her derriere as she does squats at the gym Taking after her bigger sister (in both senses) Real men wear pink! Brooklyn Beckham follows in his mother Victoria's fashionable footsteps as he makes a statement with pink beanie hat Frankie Bridge is the picture of elegance in plunging patterned gown at Virgin awards... after her husband Wayne makes I'm A Celebrity debut PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Tom Hiddleston steps out with a pretty blonde Taylor Swift lookalike... two months after split with pop star Flashed a beaming grin She needs a nap! Pregnant Marion Cotillard looks weary during LA dinner after tirelessly promoting Brad Pitt WWII film Allied Struggling Holly Willoughby is close to tears on This Morning as a distraught mother breaks down over her son's planned suicide during bullying phone-in The Eighties called! Sheridan Smith is unrecognisable as a busty brunette on set of the movie adaptation of comic Jo Brand's book As schizophrenic mum Newly-engaged Pixie Lott can barely contain her glee as she heads to jewellers hours after fiancé Oliver Cheshire popped the question What a gem!  Emma Watson stars as Belle in the first trailer for Disney's long-awaited live action remake of Beauty And The Beast Looks stunning Choosing her prince wasn't ALWAYS such an easy choice! Meghan Markle giggles as she is asked to pick either William or Harry months before romance She's a good sport! Gigi Hadid tries her hand at table tennis as she makes a sweeping entrance at VIP dinner in stylish satin jumpsuit In high spirits 'Worst thing I've ever done': I'm A Celeb's Scarlett, Jordan, Ola and Sam do Bushtucker Trial featuring 120,000 critters... as Moffatt is voted in first From refurbished iPads to a good-as-new Sony PS4: Ways to save money on your children's gifts this Christmas (without any fewer smiles!) SPONSORED Make-up free Coleen Rooney flaunts her trim figure in semi-sheer mesh workout gear as she hits the gym Making the most of her free time Demure Dita! Burlesque extraordinaire Von Teese steps out in modest black polo neck and ornate silver skirt for evening in London Jessica Simpson's father Joe, 58, confirms he has prostate cancer and has already undergone surgery 'He's feeling great now and is optimistic' 'It's like we get a little bit of dad back': Bindi Irwin says she remembers her dad the best every time she puts on her Australia Zoo uniform Not very ladylike! Lady Victoria Hervey, 40, displays more than expected as she flashes perky assets when risqué swimsuit unfastens Dapper Brad Pitt takes selfies with adoring fans at Allied screening in China... as he returns to the public eye after split with Angelina Jolie In better spirits again 'She works really hard': X Factor's Sam Lavery defends Honey G after elimination... as rapper faces backlash for surviving ANOTHER week 'He's such a good man': Marion Cotillard gushes about Allied co-star Brad Pitt... after shooting down rumours of an on set romance Caught up in split Naomi Campbell speaks for the first time about what it means to be black and British and joins other famous stars who were told to limit their ambitions due to their skin colour Take that! Bella Hadid throws a punch as she works out in boxing class after split from The Weeknd Was snug in her black, oversize fuzzy jacket  Girl time! Bella Thorne and Demi Lovato don skinny jeans as they catch up over lunch at the trendy Urth Caffe They both have new romances 'I had a bit of a nervous breakdown' Ryan Reynolds admits secret battle with anxiety as he's named GQ's Man of the Year He's filming Deadpool Coy Khloe Kardashian attempts to go incognito in huge hoodie as she steps out in wake of Tristan Thompson split rumours  Looked glum 'I gave up my career for a really long time': Ayda Field admits she TURNED DOWN a major US TV show to be with husband Robbie Williams 'It was very romantic': Goldie Hawn gets VERY candid about her and Kurt Russell's sex life and discusses split with ex husband Bill Hudson In Aspen, Colorado,  'Fame is the best drug': Lady Gaga opens up about her addiction to stardom as she covers Harper's Bazaar She penned an open essay to the magazine Twice the star power! Madonna puckers up as she and Zac Efron take selfies together at UFC's Connor McGregor star-studded fight Lucky Star 20 years and counting! Ant and Dec sign new three-year deal with ITV marking a landmark anniversary with the channel and promising more I'm A Celeb and BGT until at least 2019 'It's really awkward': Girl On The Train star Haley Bennett on being constantly mistaken for Jennifer Lawrence There is an uncanny likeness 'I lost Jack': Natalie Portman is a heartbroken First Lady after JFK's assassination in emotionally charged trailer for Jackie Natalie Portman flatters her pregnant figure in a striped T-shirt as she runs errands A regular errand-running day, despite the relsease of a mega-bucks trailer Waiting on mom! Jennifer Garner grabs breakfast while Ben Affleck and son Samuel goof around in their car The amicable exes appeared to be relaxed  'I could write a book on back problems!': Duncan James confirms he is fit and well after sudden visit to A&E... five months after emergency surgery on his spine Post election blues: Alec Baldwin looks depressed as he strolls with family before accusing NBC of not allowing SNL to endorse Hillary Clinton Back to her Mean Girls roots! Lindsay Lohan shows off new red locks reminiscent of her infamous movie character in cosy Instagram selfie Showdown! Exes Justin Bieber and Selena Gomez will compete for Artist Of The Year at the American Music Awards On November 20 It's only three weeks old! Amber Rose can't hide her horror as her brand new $371k Rolls-Royce gets rear-ended 'It's awesome!' Hailee Steinfeld opens up about being part of Taylor Swift's squad as she flashes her bra for magazine cover Gave glimpse of her bra 'I felt isolated': Robbie Williams describes the roller coaster ride with drugs, drink and depression that almost killed him... as he gets tearful over his daughter Hat's the way to do it! TOWIE's George Harrison flaunts her enviably svelte figure in a sizzling cut-out monokini as she enjoys a beach break in Spain 'Let's keep fighting to make it a better world for our children': Katie Holmes shares rare photo of daughter Suri with powerful message A productive playdate 'Sort your jaw out!' Vicky Pattison is slammed for 'gurning' on I'm A Celeb Extra Camp... as she mistakes show for Xtra Factor in awkward blunder 'I'm heartbroken, but proud of myself': Daisy Lowe flashes her toned abs in a crop top as she puts on a brave face after Strictly elimination  Put on a brave face 'She's built like a woman': Tommy Hilfiger praises 'smart, funny and humble' Gigi Hadid as he shows off his luxury New York apartment  'The 80s are back!' Luke Hemsworth channels He-Man for retro birthday bash with brother Liam and Miley Cyrus Time is rolling back 'They eat and stargaze': Sean Penn gripes about celebs who attend his foundation's annual gala... but don't donate a cent Looking rugged Ariel Winter posts a VERY cheeky Instagram snap from her Mexican holiday with Levi Meaden and pals Certainly making a splash 'We had good gossip': Courtney Love reveals unlikely friendship with Hillary Clinton... after meeting as they got their hair cut at same salon They met in 1988 'Being right sucks': The Simpsons poke fun at themselves in opening credits of first episode since Trump's election after predicting his presidency 16 years ago Young And The Restless star Corey Sligh, 28, arrested for molesting a girl under the age of 10 in Georgia The arrest took place on October 14 in Georgia Pretty as a petal! Jaime King looks ultra feminine in romantic lace gown at intimate fashion dinner She was certainly the belle of the ball EXCLUSIVE: How Andy Cohen refused an invitation into Cher's bedroom and fuelleda feud between Mariah Carey and Jennifer Lopez Catherine Tyldesley flaunts her toned legs in skintight jeans as she presents radio show... after teasing Corrie's 'heartbreaking' Christmas storyline 'Why are you in, miss? You're a millionaire!' GBBO champ Candice Brown reveals pupils were shocked to see her return to her job as a PE teacher after win Off-duty beauty: Lottie Moss goes make-up free and rocks a casual outfit as she jets out of Barcelona after a girls' weekend  Bare faced chic She's a peach! Adriana Lima flaunts her lean bronzed limbs in pretty floral mini dress as she shops in Miami  Turned sidewalk into her catwalk Nick Knowles moves into estranged wife Jessica's home following 'traumatic' split 11 months ago... after admitting they 'are working through things' 'I've NEVER eaten a takeaway': Mary Berry shares her biggest foodie secrets (and reveals what husband Paul will be getting her for Christmas this year) Secrets of an A-list body: We reveal how YOU can get Mark Wahlberg's pecs The 45-year-old actor is renowned for his toned pecs LeAnn Rimes holds hands with husband Eddie Cibrian as they reunite with his ex-wife Brandi Glanville at son's soccer match Families united Ola Jordan keeps her lace dress ON as she sets up camp in I'm A Celeb... as jealous husband James warns about hitting on his 'firecracker' 'He has never taken responsibility for her': I'm A Celebrity's Larry Lamb 'has a secret daughter who he had at 21... and hasn't seen for 46 years'  'She just didn't even try': Former I'm A Celeb winner Charlie Brooks calls out Helen Flanagan for being 'the worst' campmate at bushtucker trials 'I don't know if it was dancing or a seizure': Cheeky Robbie Williams gives mother-in-law Gwen harsh critique as she dances to Pray on Loose Women Jesy Nelson is seen without her engagement ring AGAIN during Sydney trip... as speculation heightens over 'split' from fiancé Jake Roche PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Hilary Duff shows off her fit figure in a skimpy bikini while on holiday with boyfriend Jason Walsh in Puerto Vallarta  Feeling the heat 'There's so much I wish I could thank him for, just one last time': Leonard Cohen's son writes emotional tribute to his father following his death aged 82 Did Kendall Jenner quit Instagram? Model's account no longer available after ballerina outrage Following Kim's lead and taking a break? Jailed Apollo Nida set to return to Real Housewives Of Atlanta with his new FIANCEE (but what will Phaedra Parks say?) Serving eight years Millie Mackintosh shows off her abs in a berry bikini as she models for boyfriend Hugo Taylor's sunglasses line in Mauritius Wish you were here? Final plans for Leonardo DiCaprio's ultra-luxury private eco resort on 104-acre island off Belize are released  Bought in 2005 'It's been challenging, but like Alan Partridge, I'm bouncing back': Tony Blackburn opens up about returning to BBC radio months after being sacked  'She should be ashamed of herself!' Sharon Osbourne is slammed on Twitter as X Factor fans accuse her of changing her mind at the last minute In need of a drink? Simon Cowell clutches a bottle of beer as he leaves The X Factor with Lauren Silverman after Honey G survives ANOTHER week Getting the after-party started! Dita Von Teese, Dominic Cooper and Ophelia Lovibond let loose at the Evening Standard Theatre Awards Madonna's age gap... between her face and hand: Wrinkled mitts give away the singer's age as she attends UFC bout in New York  Unable to disguise age Chic Julia Roberts is every inch the stylish soccer mom in low-key skinny jeans and a hat as she cheers on her kids Low-key superstar 'You could bleed to death': Kris Jenner warns Kim Kardashian about seeking third natural pregnancy on KUWTK Hard to take in Chrissy Teigen oozes retro glamour in a super-plunging Seventies-style jumpsuit as Fergie goes for a sheer mini at intimate fashion dinner Lindsay Lohan at the centre of a battery case as 'two Russians assault a man accused of spreading rumours about her' More drama The People v OJ Simpson leads the way with six Critics' Choice Awards nominations... as Game Of Thrones gets five Booty-ful day at the beach! Larsa Pippen shows off her fit figure in plunging white swimsuit while sunbathing in Miami Kim K's BFF A head for heights! Carol Vorderman leads the way as she conquers terrifying 300ft walk above city in I'm A Celebrity's first Bushtucker Trial   Ultimate flashing champion! Newly-single Bella Hadid shows off her bra in sheer top as she goes hell for leather on way to Conor McGregor fight EXCLUSIVE: 'I didn't want to leave the house': Frankie Essex says fitness helped her combat depression... as she reveals remarkable weight loss in a bikini 'Who is voting for her?' Honey G faces fresh backlash as talented act Sam Lavery leaves and farcical X Factor rapper isn't even in bottom two Could she win? Wild thing! Busty Ashley James sets pulses racing in a barely-there leopard print bikini as she jets off to Malta Series of sizzling snaps Daisy Lowe misses out on Blackpool as she is voted off Strictly after a  dance off against Greg Rutherford... but Ed Balls sails through again in  Gangnam Style Khloe Kardashian posts cryptic Instagram message amid speculation she's split with new beau Tristan Thompson Over already? 'We never asked to be role models': Perrie Edwards says she feels 'pressure' to act responsibly as she joins Little Mix co-stars for sizzling photo shoot I'm a Celebrity... it's getting hot in here! Joel Dommett, Wayne Bridge and Adam Thomas flash their ripped chests in the first jungle shower of the season 'Larry Lamb for Bond!': Twitter left in hysterics as EastEnders star dives into swamp to save Scarlett Moffatt from canoe disaster on I'm A Celebrity PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Hilary buff! Ms Duff puts her sculpted physique on display in a studded bikini during Mexican holiday Let the sunshine! Biggest surprise ever': Pixie Lott reveals she's engaged to long-term love Oliver Cheshire as she shows off dazzling diamond ring on Instagram  Cruel... No not nature's predators - Sir David Attenborough. He used  'rape' of Snow Leopards to make viewers suffer in Planet Earth II, writes JIM SHELLEY  'If your ex has been an a***hole, it's nice to belittle them': Little Mix stars get candid about faking orgasms and shaming former boyfriends in song 'I thought my life would be normal': Hollywood megastar Goldie Hawn says she only ever wanted to get married, have children and run a dance school  Lily Donaldson shows off her cleavage and legs in a daring dress with thigh-high slit at star-studded Evening Standard Theatre Awards Elizabeth Hurley wows in a plunging black dress as she's joined by her very dapper son Damian, 14, for a night at the Evening Standard Theatre Awards  Still part of the family! Billie Piper wows in glam gown as she jokes with ex Laurence Fox's cousin Freddie at the Evening Standard Theatre Awards Margo Stilley flashes her lace bra and hot pants in raunchy sheer dress as she makes rare red carpet appearance at Evening Standard Awards Now James Corden turns his talents to Christmas ads! Sainsbury's enters the fray with an animated commercial featuring singing from the star In a Potter bother! Fantastic Beasts star Eddie Redmayne reveals he got grilled over wand after trying to smuggle it through customs Pucker up! Jesse Metcalfe and fiancee Cara Santana pack on the PDA at their engagement party They got engaged in August after eight years 'Thank you all so much': The X Factor's Sam Lavery shows little emotion as she is latest contestant to be voted off... after tense singing battle with Ryan Lawrie SPOILER ALERT: 'She's not mine!': Rick Grimes makes explosive revelation about 'daughter' on The Walking Dead More trouble ahead Shameless actor Jody Latham is accused of 'terrorising' a former Apprentice star in feud over his ex-fiancee  Appeared at Manchester Magistrates' Court PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Kourtney Kardashian flaunts fabulous figure in skimpy bikini on romantic getaway in Mexico with on/off beau Scott Disick Alexander McQueen's London penthouse hits the market for £8.5 million (complete with bespoke chandeliers, a dining terrace and walk-in dressing rooms)  Lea Michele shimmers in strapless dress as Kristen Bell goes sheer daring in lacy top for Christmas event in LA Black was back at glitzy event 'Wolf with rabies': Teresa Giudice continues taunting Jacqueline Laurita as fiery RHONJ reunion concludes On/off friendship  Happiest place! Singer Ashlee Simpson and hubby Evan Ross enjoy family bonding day with kids at Disneyland Happy every after  Lily James is spring chic in yellow dress and denim jacket as she is seen for first time on set of Baby Driver Filming the crime comedy in Atlanta A man cave for her Tyga? Kylie Jenner stocks a special room with Playboy magazine for 'the boys' at her Hidden Hills mansion Mags and an ashtray Unhappy birthday to you! Glum Anne Hathaway is a lady in red as she heads out for fancy celebratory dinner She had been stumping for Hillary Clinton What a whirl-wand trip! Eddie Redmayne looks exhausted as he lands in London in time for the premiere of Fantastic Beasts after debuting movie in New York Pregnant Katherine Heigl dresses her baby bump with loose fitting tank top at flea market with husband Josh Kelley Looking for baby gifts? Chic but sombre, the Duchess of Cambridge joins Camilla and Sophie Wessex at the Cenotaph on Remembrance Sunday A von Furstenberg coat  EXCLUSIVE: 'He pursued her heavily': I'm A Celeb's Lisa Snowdon 'devastated' to learn footballer ex Jay Bothroyd was married during eight-month affair 'FIRST look': Ruby Rose posts teaser of The Veronicas' new single On Your Side... which details her love story with singer Jess Origliasso  Kate Beckinsale shows off her slim figure in tight top as she attends AFI FEST in Los Angeles Always looks sensational  'He's the Trump of Strictly': Ed Balls divides viewers after Gangnam Style saves him as it's revealed he'll perform a Great Balls of Fire jive in Blackpool You must be jo-KING? EastEnders hardman Danny Dyer makes heir-larious discovery as it's revealed he is a descendant of royalty Cockney royalty Animal attraction! Make-up free Heidi Klum, 43, gets wild with leopard print at a celeb-studded fundraiser in Los Angeles Wild thing She's got some front! Rebecca Hall looks radiant in low-cut patterned dress at AFI Fest in Los Angeles The Christine star paired her unique dress  Sharp-suited Tom Hiddleston arrives at Evening Standard Theatre Awards in good spirits... amid claims Taylor Swift will sing about their breakup Corrie's Beverley Callard 'hasn't met her 11-month-old grandchild' despite living just down the road  Laura Cross made the claims against the star 'People can call me a mug but we are happy': Megan McKenna stands by reunion with Pete Wicks after sexting scandal... and no longer checks his social media 'It's very sad': Iconic soap star Eileen Derbyshire, 85, may not return to Coronation Street after 55-year run Has been absent now for 12 months 'You had me at bonjour': Make-up free Rebecca Gayheart, 45, shows off her clear complexion as she dons cheeky T-shirt at charity event Nikki Reed stuns in white off-the-shoulder patterned top as she attends ACLU dinner in LA The 28-year-old looked gorgeous as ever She's a real page turner! Actress Emma Roberts goes make-up free as she peruses a newsstand in Los Angeles Looked simply chic SPOILER ALERT: Ecstatic Gemma Winter meets lifelong crush Peter Andre as the pop star makes a cameo on Coronation Street Getting star treatment 'I feel so sorry for her': Catherine Tyldesley steps out in a wintry ensemble as she heads to a radio appearance to tease 'heartbreaking' Xmas storyline Hollywood power couple Jennifer Aniston and Justin Theroux go unnoticed in Germany... after saying he makes her feel 'completely adored' Stunning at 70! Goldie Hawn cuts a fabulous figure in silk dress as she makes an appearance ahead of her comedy show in Melbourne Back to her pre-baby best! Kim Kardashian recycles 2009 Princess Jasmine costume for fun with North She worked hard to get  back in pre-baby shape JK's fantastic new hero is just the magic we need: BRIAN VINER on the latest instalment of the Potter franchise  Plenty to say about restablishment stooges Nicole Kidman reunites with her To Die For director Gus Van Sant and co-star Casey Affleck for Variety taping Cult black comedy Coleen Rooney looks glam in an off-the-shoulder top as she enjoys a girls' night out at new Liverpool restaurant Flashed the flesh From Hollywood to Hollyoaks! Dallas star Linda Gray, 76, brings the glam to Chester in first look at her cameo in the Channel 4 soap  An unlikely arrival She's ripped! Kelly Bensimon wears torn blue jeans while out with daughter Thadeus in New York City Stepped out in New York over the weekend Michelle Keegan 'house-hunting in South Africa' as she prepares to spend eight more months away from Mark Wright for Our Girl filming Billy Bob Thornton smokes a cigarette as he touches down in LA after saying ex-wife Angelina Jolie 'seems OK' following Brad Pitt split Hailey Baldwin flaunts her bikini body in a swimsuit before planting a kiss on her female friend Model and daughter of Stephen Baldwin From Ab Flab to Ab Fab! Helen Lederer sheds eight pounds and drops a dress size in just three days after surviving on 400 calories A DAY 'It's about finding the right balance': Marion Cotillard admits she struggles to balance her professional and personal life... after denying Brad romance The good life! Ariel Winter proudly flaunts backside as she twerks in bikini during Mexican holiday with Levi Meaden and pals Continuing her holiday  Feeding the flock! Jennifer Garner and Ben Affleck provide snacks for family church as they bring their children to Sunday service At Pacific Palisades No comment! Kanye West refuses to confirm if he still plans to run for President in 2020  The 39-year-old Life of Pablo artist ignored questions Kanye West launches a new 'unpretentious' range of clothes - but a jumper will still set you back £1,745 and a T-shirt £159 A real man of the people 'You always inspire': Sylvester Stallone presents Jackie Chan with honourary Oscar... as Arnold Schwarzenegger also pays tribute 'I had a good time with dalliances': Robbie Williams jokes about making the most of his fame, how many of the Spice Girls he's REALLY slept with Swift beatz? Pop princess Taylor calls on rumoured rapper flame Drake 'to help give her music a hip-hop vibe' She reportedly wants to sound edgier Puppy love! Sofia Richie shows taut tummy as pal Cameron Dallas carries cute canine at West Hollywood store Enjoyed some dog time Miranda Kerr is the belle of the ball in an exquisite gold gown as she cosies up to sharp-suited fiancé Evan Spiegel at glittering Baby2Baby Gala Geordie Shore's Sophie Kasaei parades her sun-kissed curves on the beach after defending healthy Size 10 figure Showed off her bikini  'I'm no spring chicken': Ex-Strictly professional Ola Jordan, 34, says she's 'not body-confident' despite sneaking SIX sexy bikinis into I'm A Celeb 'I'm not having another baby, so screw you': EastEnders actress Jacqueline Jossa lashes out at cruel trolls who told her she looked pregnant 'He waited outside for her': Pregnant Amy Childs flees event after man 'threatened to punch her' Outside The Ideal Homes Show 'I only do the things I love': Mary Berry confirms filming for her own cooking show... as Bake-Off makers 'head to court over block on Channel 4 rival' 'That smile ain't nothing but a Dream!': Kris Jenner posts adorable snap of Rob Kardashian cradling his new baby girl Latest addition Jessica Alba goes casual chic as she takes her daughters to the Beverly Hills Farmers' Market She is known for her healthy lifestyle Mia Tyler announces she's expecting her first child by sharing picture of her bump First child for the artist, who is the daughter of Aerosmtih's Steven Scarlett Johansson shows off stunning curves in lilac cutaway dress at Ghost In The Shell trailer launch in Japan Glam evening Pamela Anderson cuts a chic figure as she brings MORE snacks to WikiLeaks founder Julian Assange... after he joked that her vegan treats were 'torture' Jamie Foxx has fun on set with Robert Downey Jr and Jeremy Piven as they film All-Star Weekend Revolves around two tow-truck drivers Kurves ahead! Khloe Kardashian shows off her incredible physique in a burnt orange dress as she heads to stylist Monica Rose's baby shower PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Megan Fox and Brian Austin Green take baby Journey and his older brothers on family outing Family united  'I was a bit of a b***ard': Phil Collins admits to cheating on his ex-wife, but says he was just 'following his heart' Regrets the affair 'I had nothing left to give him': Daisy Lowe falls foul of Strictly curse... as she and beau Bradley 'Frankie' Wade couldn't 'cope with the pressure' If you wannabe my mother: Ex-Spice Girl Victoria Beckham 'wants to manage her son Cruz's pop career' Thinks her experiences make her the perfect candidate Rod Stewart's rarely-seen daughter Ruby follows in her father's footsteps as she opens his tour in Liverpool The apple never falls far from the tree From Top Gear to top rear! Little Mix's Leigh-Anne Pinnock teaches Jeremy Clarkson how to twerk on the Jonathan Ross Show Awkward! GIRL ABOUT TOWN: Finally, Jeremy Clarkson is silenced - by the raging wife of Sir Shifty, Lady Green Someone who can stop the motormouth  GIRL ABOUT TOWN: Phasing out the Fogles! Prince William distances himself from Ben Fogle and his wife  Said to be fed up of Ben talking about him in public GIRL ABOUT TOWN: Doctor Who to marry Lady Rose? Besotted Matt Smith to pop the question to girlfriend Lily James by Christmas  Planning trip to New York Still the Princess of Darkness: X Factor judge Sharon Osbourne, 64, flips the bird as she leaves X Factor post-party looking a little worse for wear Outlandish behaviour Parkinson's sufferer Michael J. Fox appears to go Back To The Future with impassioned guitar solo as he leads special gig to support his charity Nicola Peltz flashes her taut abs in a crop top as she opts for an all-black look in Los Angeles Flashed a hint of her abs as she headed out Eye of the tiger, face of an angel: Ageless Madonna, 58, stuns with extremely taut appearance as she leads star-studded UFC fight crowd Kendall Jenner's hangout bar, Emma Stone's beloved salon and Jennifer Aniston's hiking spot: How to ditch the tourist traps and explore LA like a local A-Lister From Baywatch to bag watch: Giddy Kelly Rohrbach shops 'til she drops as she strains under a heavy load Made shopping look like hard work on Saturday PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Kate Upton and fiancé Justin Verlander put on a tactile display on romantic Italian vacation The 24-year-old model kept close in Florence Sheer delight! Nicole Kidman flashes her cleavage in plunging see-through gown at The Governors Awards... before slipping into classic white high-neck dress for later event 'I don't want to say!' Kris Jenner cries as her mother MJ asks her biggest fear in Keeping Up With The Kardashians Welled up on TV Getting some retail therapy! Julianne Moore and friend Laura Dern browse designer dresses at LA boutique  The 55-year-old looked to be in good spirits  'Loved it!' Kelly Clarkson takes baby Remington and daughter River to Disney World River, 2, and Remington, 7 months,  will have been delighted Danniella Westbrook sports new brunette hairdo, but STILL wears a plaster under her nose... amid reports she's suing Celebrity Botched Up Bodies Hard man Mickey Rourke, 64, proves he's a big softy at heart as muscular actor cradles beloved fluffy pooch The age-defying actor, 64, showed off his bulging biceps People wanted to kill me, says Prince Harry's girl: Meghan Markle opens up to PIERS MORGAN about dating, death threats and most embarrassing moment  Bataclan TURNS AWAY Eagles of Death Metal - who were playing when ISIS massacred 90 music fans - as the concert hall reopens a year after the attack with Sting performance Cringing Cowell! Simon is left red-faced after Dermot shares throwback picture of him with a VERY dodgy hairdo on X Factor Giving a gun show too! What happens in Vegas stays still in Vegas! Britney Spears does the Mannequin Challenge to celebrate Sin City success  Flesh-flashing Charlotte Dawson flirts up a storm with new rugby player boyfriend Matt Sarsfield as they're spotted together for the first time Trinny Woodall's 'nightmare' £300,000 divorce battle from beyond the grave: Fashion guru's bizarre High Court battle over her dead ex's debts  Get Me Out Of Here already! Scarlett Moffatt can't contain her disgust as she's forced to canoe through swampy waters in I'm A Celebrity's first grizzly challenge 'Strictly viewers are delighted to spot Mary Berry in the audience... but are reduced to tears as Judge Rinder's granddad wells up on-screen  She's got good jeans! Khloe Kardashian shows off her toned bottom...as she hits out at haters online Addressing all the criticism Frill-seeker! Slimmed-down Tina Malone shows off her TINY size six figure in black flamenco-style dress as she steps out at RTS Awards Disco fever! Leona Lewis oozes 70s glamour in corkscrew curls and plunging sequin gown as she steals the show at animal charity gala in LA Cara Delevingne flashes her abs with a sexy pin-up on her jacket... as she turns her mind to modelling following St Vincent split She had taken a step back from her modelling  Donatella Versace claims that gay male fashion designers create clothes for the 'women they want to be' rather than their customers   Female style icon Rachel Weisz is cosy beneath a bizarre woolly hat  She is famed for starring in cult classic The Mummy, but Rachel Weisz looked like she was almost embalmed  Ready to take the plunge! Ola Jordan glams up before the jungle in a low cut peachy dress as she meets her I'm A Celebrity team mates Slinky Scherzinger! Nicole shows off stunning figure in racy cut out dress on X Factor before changing into JUST a pink jacket for dinner  Chrissy Teigen and daughter Luna host baby shower for celebrity stylist Monica Rose... and Khloe Kardashian and Kris Jenner are on hand too Braided beauty! Cara Delevingne cuts a fashionable flyer in a chic bomber jacket as she touches down at LAX Eyes front, Philip! A playboy prince eyeing up the ladies? Don't worry, Ma'am - it's only a VERY impertinent scene from hit TV show The Crown  What will Ma'am think? Hugh Jackman spotted cosying up with Madonna at UFC title fight in New York  Watched Conor McGregor and Eddie Alvarez battle it out Vin Diesel and Nina Dobrev fuel the hype for xXx: Return of Xander Cage at Los Angeles fan event Diesel, 49, looked every part the action hero  Will Smith is in high spirits as he has a laugh on set for upcoming fantasy film Bright Will Smith spent his Saturday hard at work on his forthcoming fantasy thriller Bright Liquid gold! Lily Collins oozes class in backless satin gown at the Academy's Governors Awards in Hollywood Perhaps Lily Collins had her sights set on a gold statue Blue bombshell! Bryce Dallas Howard stuns at star-studded Weinstein Company party featuring Matthew McConaughey A real showstopper All-natural beauty! Jenna Dewan is pretty in pink with husband Channing Tatum at Baby2Baby Gala in Los Angeles  Had her black locks parted in the middle Kate Hudson shines in gold number as she poses with Matthew McConaughey and wife Camila at Baby2Baby Gala Sheerly amazing! Jessica Alba stuns in partially transparent black gown for star-studded Baby2Baby Gala in Los Angeles Charity that supports babies in need In the navy! Jennifer Garner is beautiful in blue as she stuns on red carpet of Baby2Baby Gala in LA The 44-year-old actress looked beautiful in blue Bella Thorne is epitome of casual chic in Daisy Dukes and snakeskin boots before slipping into crop top and ripped jeans Two different outfits 'Bonding with mommy!' Blac Chyna breastfeeds daughter Dream in newborn baby's first tweet Created an Instagram account in baby's name Blac Chyna's mother Tokyo Toni shows charitable side as she promotes food drive after second grandchild is born Tokyo Toni is feeling charitable  Pretty in pattern! Emma Stone and Michelle Williams wow in sparkling gowns for the eighth annual Governors Awards in Hollywood The actresses arrived dressed to the nines Demi Lovato holds hands with rumoured MMA fighter beau Luke Rockhold as they arrive to UFC 205 in New York It's been the worst kept celebrity couple secret for a while now Head Start to Home Cooked Get Recipes more SHARE PICTURE Copy link to paste in your message Find out more... Find out more... Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Network This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Syndication Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
View mobile site View mobile site Follow us on         Tulsa's 24-Hour News, Weather and Traffic Hi, (not you?) | Member Center | Sign Out Sign In | Register recent on-air advertisers Now Playing Now PlayingNews-Talk 740 KRMG Tulsa's 24-Hour News, ... Listen Live Search Home News Top Stories Oklahoma News US News World News Breaking News Text Alerts Weather 5-Day Forecast KRMG NexRad HD Radar Severe Weather Preparedness TAKE ACTION: Avoid illness during the summer heat Winter Weather Tips Severe Weather Text Alerts School/Business/Church Closings LIVE StormCenter Chase Cameras Traffic Accidents in Tulsa Current ODOT Construction Projects Traffic Cameras Find the lowest gas prices Accident Report Form Red Alert Traffic Texts The KRMG Morning News Behind the Scenes Blog JAMIE DUPREE Jamie Dupree on Twitter Inside KRMG Air Staff Submit A News Tip KRMG Insider Newsletter Event Guide Community Page How To Advertise On KRMG Concerts Contact Us CoxHSHub.com Tulsa Live Events Union Football Shows KRMG Morning News Herman Cain Rush Limbaugh Sean Hannity KRMG Evening News Clark Howard Kilmeade & Friends The Dana Show Chad Benson Show Wheels Car Care Show KRMG.com Presents Voices of Oklahoma Radio KRMG Ask the Experts Weekend The KRMG Gardening Show Contests The KRMG App KRMG TEXT ALERTS Breaking News Alerts Weather Alerts Red Alert Traffic 3 Big Things Home   >  AP   >  Business Preteens need only 2 HPV shots _ not 3, panel says This image made available by Merck in October 2016 shows a vial and package for their GARDASIL 9 human papillomavirus vaccine. On Wednesday, Oct. 19, 2016, a government panel said preteens need only get two doses of HPV vaccine instead of three _ a move some hope will raise languishing HPV vaccination rates. Health officials say fewer than a third of 13-year-old U.S. boys and girls get all the necessary shots to protect them against human papillomaviruses (Merck via AP)     Newsletters RSS Feeds Mobile @KRMGTulsa Trending News Princess Kate looks just like Princess Diana in stunning photo Mannequin challenge: Beyonce, Britney Spears, other celebrities get in on the trend Justin Ross Harris found guilty of murder in son's hot car death Trump may deport up to 3 million illegal immigrants Bella, pug that walks on hind legs, doing well after surgery   News/Weather/Traffic News Weather Traffic Event Guide Events Follow and Share RSS Feeds Advertisers and Sponsors How to Advertise Recent on-air advertisers Cars at Autotrader Local Services at Kudzu Valpak Tulsa Coupons Rare - Conservative News About Us Contact Us Work With Us EEOC Statement Help Audio Help Video Help Search Help   © 2016 Cox Media Group. By using this website, you accept the terms of our Visitor Agreement and Privacy Policy, and understand your options regarding Ad Choices. Learn about careers at Cox Media Group   View mobile site View mobile site Enterprise Feedback Management Survey Software Sign In / Register Sign in with your existing account {* loginWidget *} Sign in with your email {* #userInformationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* traditionalSignIn_password *} {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} Forgot your password? {* /userInformationForm *} New User?Create a New Account Sign In / Register Welcome Back {* welcomeName *} {* loginWidget *} Use another account Sign In / Register Welcome back. Please sign in {* #userInformationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* traditionalSignIn_password *} {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} Forgot your password? Use another account {* /userInformationForm *} You're Almost Done! Select a display name and password {* #socialRegistrationForm *} {* socialRegistration_displayName *} {* socialRegistration_emailAddress *} {* traditionalRegistration_password *} {* traditionalRegistration_passwordConfirm *} Tell us about yourself {* registration_firstName *} {* registration_lastName *} {* registration_postalZip *} {* registration_birthday *} {* registration_gender *} *Indicates Required Field {* agreeToTerms *} {* backButton *} {* socialRegistration_signInButton *} {* /socialRegistrationForm *} Create a New Account Select a display name and password Already have an account? Sign In {* #registrationForm *} {* traditionalRegistration_displayName *} {* traditionalRegistration_emailAddress *} {* traditionalRegistration_password *} {* traditionalRegistration_passwordConfirm *} Tell us about yourself {* registration_firstName *} {* registration_lastName *} {* registration_postalZip *} {* registration_birthday *} {* registration_gender *} *Indicates Required Field {* agreeToTerms *} {* createAccountButton *} {* /registrationForm *} Create a New Account Already have an account? Sign In {* #registrationFormBlank *} {* registration_firstName *} {* registration_lastName *} {* traditionalRegistration_displayName *} {* traditionalRegistration_emailAddressBlank *} {* registration_birthday *} {* registration_gender *} {* registration_postalZip *} {* traditionalRegistration_passwordBlank *} {* traditionalRegistration_passwordConfirmBlank *} *Indicates Required Field {* agreeToTerms *} {* backButton *} {* createAccountButton *} {* /registrationForm *} Thank you for registering! We have sent you a confirmation email. Please check your email and click on the link to activate your account. Close Thank you for registering! We look forward to seeing you frequently. Visit us and sign in to update your profile, receive the latest news and keep up to date with mobile alerts. Close Create a new password Don't worry, it happens. We'll send you a link to create a new password. {* #forgotPasswordForm *} {* forgotPassword_emailAddress *} {* backButton *} {* forgotPassword_sendButton *} {* /forgotPasswordForm *} Email sent We have sent you an email with a link to change your password. Close Create a new password We've sent an email with instructions to create a new password. Your existing password has not been changed. Close {* mergeAccounts *} Sign in to complete account merge {* #tradAuthenticateMergeForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* mergePassword *} {* backButton *} {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} {* /tradAuthenticateMergeForm *} Resend Email Verification To sign in you must verify your email address. Fill out the form below and we'll send you an email to verify. {* #resendVerificationForm *} {* resendVerification_emailAddress *} {* newPasswordFormButton *} {* /resendVerificationForm *} Your Verification Email Has Been Sent Check your email for a link to verify your email address. Sign in
Regulatory News Search Search Products & Services    News Releases Close Send a release Become a client For journalists Global sites Asia Brazil Canada Finland France India Israel Mexico Netherlands Sweden United States See more news releases in Biotechnology | Health Care & Hospitals | Medical Pharmaceuticals | Pharmaceuticals | Surveys, Polls and Research Monoclonal Antibodies Market 2016-2021 Report Focuses on Top Manufacturers' Review and Analysis PUNE, India, October 19, 2016 /PRNewswire/ -- Global Monoclonal Antibodies Market 2016 Research Report initially provides a basic overview of the industry that covers definition, applications and manufacturing technology, post which the report explores into the international players in the market. Complete report on Monoclonal Antibodies market spread across 108 pages providing 10 company profiles and 117 tables and figures is available at http://www.deepresearchreports.com/269602.html . Market Segment by Regions, this report splits Global into several key Region, with production, consumption, revenue, market share and growth rate of Monoclonal Antibodies in these regions, from 2011 to 2021 (forecast), like North America, China, Europe, Japan, India, Southeast Asia split by product type, with production, revenue, price, market share and growth rate of each type Split by application, this report focuses on consumption, market share and growth rate of Monoclonal Antibodies in each application. This report studies Monoclonal Antibodies in Global market, especially in North America, Europe, China, Japan, Southeast Asia and India, focuses on top manufacturers in global market, with sales, price, revenue and market share for each manufacturer, covering AbbVie, Amgen, Bristol-Myers Squibb, F. Hoffmann-La Roche, Johnson & Johnson, Merck, AbGenomics, ADC Therapeutics, Agensys, Alexion Pharmaceuticals and ALMAC Group. Order a copy at http://www.deepresearchreports.com/contacts/purchase.php?name=269602 . Some key points from list of tables and figures: Figure 2015 Monoclonal Antibodies Production Share by Manufacturers Figure 2016 Monoclonal Antibodies Production Share by Manufacturers Table Global Monoclonal Antibodies Revenue (Million USD) by Manufacturers (2015 and 2016) Table Global Monoclonal Antibodies Revenue Share by Manufacturers (2015 and 2016) Table 2015 Global Monoclonal Antibodies Revenue Share by Manufacturers Table 2016 Global Monoclonal Antibodies Revenue Share by Manufacturers Table Global Market Monoclonal Antibodies Average Price of Key Manufacturers (2015 and 2016) Figure Global Market Monoclonal Antibodies Average Price of Key Manufacturers in 2015 Table Manufacturers Monoclonal Antibodies Manufacturing Base Distribution and Sales Area Table Manufacturers Monoclonal Antibodies Product Type Figure Monoclonal Antibodies Market Share of Top 3 Manufacturers Figure Monoclonal Antibodies Market Share of Top 5 Manufacturers Table Global Monoclonal Antibodies Production by Regions (2011-2016) Similar research titled "2016 Market Research Report on Europe Monoclonal Antibodies Industry" is spread across 133 pages and profiles 12 companies that provide a basic overview of the industry including definitions, classifications, applications and industry chain structure. The Monoclonal Antibodies market analysis is provided for the United States markets including development trends, competitive landscape analysis, and key regions development status. Development policies and plans are discussed as well as manufacturing processes and Bill of Materials cost structures are also analyzed. This report also states import/export consumption, supply and demand Figures, cost, price, revenue and gross margins. The report focuses on Europe major leading industry players providing information such as company profiles, product picture and specification, capacity, production, price, cost, revenue and contact information. Upstream raw materials and downstream demand analysis is also carried out. The Monoclonal Antibodies industry development trends and marketing channels are analyzed. Finally the feasibility of new investment projects are assessed and overall research conclusions offered. Few key manufacturers included in this report are Pfizer, Novo Nordisk, F. Hoffmann-La Roche, Merck Serono, BioPartners, Eli Lilly, Ferring Pharmaceuticals, GeneScience Pharmaceuticals, Ipsen, LG Life Sciences, Sandoz International and Teva Pharmaceutical Industries. 2016 Market Research Report on Europe Monoclonal Antibodies Industry is available at http://www.deepresearchreports.com/180586.html . Explore more reports on Pharmaceuticals market at http://www.deepresearchreports.com/cat/pharmaceuticals-market-research.html . About Us: Deep Research Reports is digital database of syndicated market reports for global and China industries. These reports offer competitive intelligence data for companies in varied market segments and for decision makers at multiple levels in these organizations. We provide 24/7 online and offline support to our customers Contact:   Ritesh Tiwari 2nd floor, metropole, Next to inox theatre, Bund garden road, Pune - 411011 Maharashtra, India. + 1 888 391 5441 sales@deepresearchreports.com SOURCE Deep Research Reports More by this Source Metal Magnesium Market 2016-2021 Top Manufacturers Analysis and Review 16:45 GMT CMOS Sensor Market Global Development Trend and 2016-2021 Future Outlook 10 Nov, 2016, 16:45 GMT Nicotine Patch Market 2016-2021 Global Competitive Landscape Analysis 08 Nov, 2016, 16:45 GMT View all news by Deep Research Reports Journalists and Bloggers Visit PR Newswire for Journalists for releases, photos and customised feeds just for media. View and download archived video content distributed by MultiVu on The Digital Center. Next in Biotechnology News   Get content for your website Enhance your website's or blog's content with PR Newswire's customised real-time news feeds. Start today.       Contact PR Newswire Send us an email at MarketingUK@prnewswire.co.uk or call us at +44 (0)20 7454 5382       Become a PR Newswire client Request more information about PR Newswire products & services or call us at +44 (0)20 7454 5382     Products & Services Knowledge Centre Browse News Releases Meet the Media Contact PR Newswire About PR Newswire Contact PR Newswire PR Newswire's Terms of Use Apply Privacy and Cookie Policy Site Map RSS Feeds Blog Copyright © 2016 PR Newswire Association LLC. All Rights Reserved. A Cisioncompany. Powered by Clickability.
null
DAX ®10.693,69+0,24%TecDAX ®1.688,34-0,37%Dow Jones18.868,69+0,11%NASDAQ 1004.702,04-1,05% Anmelden oder kostenlos registrieren Benutzername: Passwort: Angemeldet bleiben: Passwort vergessen? Wertpapiere & Kurse News & Analysen Geld & Vorsorge Mein finanztreff Brokervergleich NEU finanztreff.de Blog Überblick Suche Topthemen Finanzmarkt Termine Analysen Marktkommentare Panorama Videos Specials Börsenbriefe NEU Überblick Marktberichte Überblick Aktien & Indizes Devisen Anleihen Rohstoffe Länder & Regionen Wirtschaftsnachrichten Überblick Wirtschaft & Politik Zentralbanken Branchen Überblick Automotive Banken Chemieindustrie Dienstleistungen Energie & Rohstoffe Finanzdienstleister Handel Immobilien Industrie Internet Konsumgüter Nahrungsmittel Versicherer Weitere Branchen... Unternehmen Deutschland Europa (EU) USA & Amerika Asien Sonstige EQS-Unternehmenscenter News zu ... Aktien Anleihen Rohstoffe Devisen Fonds Indizes Zertifikate Optionsscheine Knock-Outs IPO (Börsengänge) Werbung Der Anlegerclub der Börse Stuttgart: Webinare, Magazin und vieles mehr. Jetzt kostenlos anmelden! Ausbildung zum erfolgreichen Börsenhändler. Jetzt kostenlos! Der Anlegerclub der Börse Stuttgart: Webinare, Magazin und vieles mehr. Jetzt kostenlos anmelden! Exklusiv: finanztreff.de Kunden erhalten 3 Monate Goldkonditionen Startseite > News & Analysen > Finanzmarkt PRESS RELEASE: AiCuris' licensee MSD says Letermovir, an investigational prophylactic therapy against HCMV in bone marrow transplant patients, met Primary Endpoint in Pivotal Phase III Study 19.10.2016 - 13:15 | Quelle: Dow Jones Newswire Web === DGAP-News: AiCuris Anti-infective Cures GmbH / Key word(s): Study results/Study AiCuris' licensee MSD says Letermovir, an investigational prophylactic therapy against HCMV in bone marrow transplant patients, met Primary Endpoint in Pivotal Phase III Study 2016-10-19 / 13:15 The issuer is solely responsible for the content of this announcement. *AiCuris' licensee MSD says Letermovir, an investigational prophylactic therapy against HCMV in bone marrow transplant patients, met Primary Endpoint in Pivotal Phase III Study * *Wuppertal, Germany, October 19, 2016* - AiCuris Anti-infective Cures GmbH, a leading company in the discovery and development of drugs against infectious diseases, today announced, in reference to a news release issued by licensee MSD (tradename of Merck & Co., Inc., Kenilworth, N.J., USA), that letermovir, an investigational antiviral medicine, met the primary endpoint in the pivotal phase III study. The global, multicenter, randomized, placebo-controlled trial was designed to evaluate the efficacy and safety of letermovir for the prevention of clinically-significant cytomegalovirus (CMV) infection in adult (18 years and older) CMV-seropositive recipients of an allogeneic hematopoietic stem cell transplant (HSCT). MSD will present top line results from this study at an upcoming scientific conference. Since foundation in 2006, AiCuris has been developing letermovir through phase II studies prior to licensing the antiviral medicine to MSD in 2012. Dr. Holger Zimmermann, CEO of AiCuris Anti-infective Cures GmbH comments: "The positive outcome of this study is an important milestone for our company. It's a long journey with many challenges to develop new drugs. Today's news validates our scientific expertise and our capabilities to discover and develop new therapies. These results make me proud of our team, which has worked hard for many years with great commitment and dedication and I am very thankful for the confidence our investors place in us." Dr. Thomas Strüngmann, who, together with his brother has been the main investor in the Company, is very pleased with the AiCuris team about these positive results. "Taking such long term investment strategies is often considered risky. We look forward to further good news from the other projects of our Company's pipeline." Thomas wants also to take the opportunity to thank Bayer for the good long-term relationship and trust when he took over the anti-infective spin-out which became AiCuris. Prof. Dr. Helga Rübsamen-Schaeff, the founding CEO of AiCuris Anti-infective Cures GmbH and current Chair of the Scientific Advisory Board, noted: "The letermovir program is a good example of our dedicated research and development strategy, which over many years was committed to finding novel mechanisms of action against CMV. This resulted in the innovative chemical molecule under investigation, letermovir, which targets the viral terminase protein. I am very happy that the pivotal phase III study with letermovir met its primary endpoint." AiCuris received a EUR110 million upfront payment in 2012 under the licensing agreement with MSD, and under the terms of the agreement, will receive future payments if specific milestones are achieved as well as post approval and market launch royalty payments. Please follow the link to the news release issued today by MSD: http://www.mercknewsroom.com/news-release/corporate-news/merck-announces-piv otal-phase-3-study-letermovir-investigational-antivir [1] *About Letermovir* Letermovir is an investigational once-daily antiviral medicine under development for the prevention of CMV infection and disease. It is a member of a new class of non-nucleoside CMV inhibitors (3,4 dihydro-quinazolines) and inhibits viral replication by targeting the viral terminase complex. Letermovir has been granted orphan designation by the European Medicines Agency, the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) and the Japanese Ministry of Health, Labour and Welfare for the prevention of CMV infection and disease in at-risk populations. Letermovir also has been granted Fast Track designation by the FDA. In 2012, AiCuris granted worldwide rights to further develop and commercialize letermovir (AIC246) to MSD after successful completion of a clinical phase IIb trial. *About HCMV* The Human Cytomegalovirus (HCMV) is widely spread in the human population and represents an important pathogen for immunocompromised individuals. HCMV infection is characterized by fever, leucopenia (very low white blood cell count) and thrombocytopenia (very low platelet numbers) with or without specific organ dysfunction. Two main strategies to prevent HCMV infection have been adopted: anti-HCMV drug prophylaxis or pre-emptive treatment of transplant recipients who are at risk and have evidence of HCMV infection upon screening. *About AiCuris Anti-infective Cures GmbH* AiCuris was founded in 2006 as a spin-off from Bayer and focuses on the discovery and development of drugs against infectious diseases. The company's majority investor is SANTO Holding. The company is developing drugs for the treatment of viruses such as human cytomegalovirus (HCMV), herpes simplex virus (HSV), hepatitis B virus (HBV), and adenovirus. In the field of antibacterials, AiCuris seeks to develop innovative treatment options for life-threatening, (multidrug-)resistant hospital-treated pathogens. In 2012, AiCuris signed a license agreement with MSD, one of the largest agreements of its kind in the European biotech industry. The agreement covers the development and commercialization of novel drug candidates against HCMV. Letermovir, the most advanced compound under this agreement, met the primary endpoint in a pivotal phase III clinical trial in patients undergoing bone marrow transplantation. *Contact:* *Media Relations* AiCuris Anti-infective Cures MC Services AG GmbH Katja Woestenhemke Anne Hennecke Friedrich-Ebert-Str. 475/Geb. Kaiser-Friedrich-Ring 5 302 42117 Wuppertal 40545 Düsseldorf Phone +49 202 317 63 0 Phone +49 211 529 252 22 Fax +49 202 317 63 1601 Fax +49 211 529 252 29 Email business@aicuris.com Email anne.hennecke@mc-services.eu Web www.aicuris.com [2] Web www.mc-services.eu [3] 2016-10-19 Dissemination of a Corporate News, transmitted by DGAP - a service of EQS Group AG. The issuer is solely responsible for the content of this announcement. The DGAP Distribution Services include Regulatory Announcements, Financial/Corporate News and Press Releases. Archive at www.dgap.de 512769 2016-10-19 1: http://public-cockpit.eqs.com/cgi-bin/fncls.ssp?fn=redirect&url=112aa0e972e2b02be7973e9ba85b0546&application_id=512769&site_id=vwd&application_name=news 2: http://public-cockpit.eqs.com/cgi-bin/fncls.ssp?fn=redirect&url=4c1b4c829874427ce5b03eceaf999852&application_id=512769&site_id=vwd&application_name=news 3: http://public-cockpit.eqs.com/cgi-bin/fncls.ssp?fn=redirect&url=3ecf2530b218c7f4b08898604a61787e&application_id=512769&site_id=vwd&application_name=news === (END) Dow Jones Newswires October 19, 2016 07:15 ET (11:15 GMT) Meistgelesen Datum Meldung 14.11. Wie Deutsche Bank und Commerzbank von Trump profitieren können 14.11. AKTIEN IM FOKUS: Anleger flüchten aus Immobilienaktien in Banktitel 14.11. ROUNDUP/Bitkom: Hälfte der deutschen Unternehmen fehlt Digitalstrategie 14.11. Moderate Gewinne beim Dax zu Wochenbeginn 12.11. Die Deutsche Bank geschockt! weitere oft gelesene Nachrichten Werbung Weitere News von Dow Jones Newswire Web Datum Meldung 14.11. PTA-News: Beteiligungen im Baltikum AG: Stellungnahme zur Pressemitteilung der Kremlin AG vom 14.11.2016 14.11. NACHBÖRSE (22:00)/XDAX +0,1% auf 10.704 Pkt - Dt. Euroshop mit Plus 14.11. MÄRKTE USA/Trump-Rally verliert an Schwung 14.11. DGAP-AFR: TTL Information Technology AG: Vorabbekanntmachung über die Veröffentlichung von Quartalsberichten und Quartals-/Zwischenmitteilungen 14.11. DGAP-AFR: TTL Information Technology AG: Preliminary announcement of the publication of quarterly reports and quarterly/interim statements Topthemen Datum Meldung 14.11. Moderate Gewinne beim Dax zu Wochenbeginn 14.11. Pilotenstreik bei der Lufthansa - Weihnachten ausgenommen 14.11. Samsung will mit Harman-Kauf ins Geschäft mit Autoelektronik 14.11. Lebensarbeitszeit in Europa um fast zwei Jahre gestiegen 14.11. China will Stahlproduktion verringern weitere Topthemen Werbung Presseschau Datum Meldung 14.11. Rohstoffmarkt: Donald Trump lässt die Ölpreise purzeln 14.11. boerse.ARD.de Dax: Trump-Euphorie lässt nach 14.11. Währungen nach dem Trump-Sieg: Verkehrte Welt am Devisenmarkt 14.11. boerse.ARD.de Dax rettet ein Mini-Plus 14.11. Yuan-Handelsplatz in Frankfurt: Gemischte Bilanz nach zwei Jahren zur Presseschau Länderüberblick zu Länder & Regionen Weitere News zu... Wertpapieren: Aktien Anleihen Rohstoffe Devisen Fonds Indizes Derivate Branchen: Automobile Banken Chemie Dienstleistungen Energie & Rohstoffe Finanzdienstleistungen Handel Immobilien Industrie Internet Konsumgüter Nahrungsmittel Versicherungen Weitere Branchen... Kommentare: Ronald Gehrt Ralf Goerke Investmentecke Emittenten Themen: Marktberichte Wirtschaft & Politik Länder & Regionen Topthemen Panorama Geld & Vorsorge Werbung Top Baufinanzierung bei der Degussa Bank |Bid & Ask Newsletter kostenlos lesen! |Jetzt Wünsche erfüllen mit dem PrivatKredit der Degussa Bank. Das ATB Tagesgeldkonto - Transparenz für Ihr Geld Werbung Der Anlegerclub der Börse Stuttgart: Lehrreiche Webinare, informatives Magazin und vieles mehr. Jetzt kostenlos anmelden! Werbung Pushverbindungen werden nach 20 Minuten automatisch getrennt. Verzögerungszeiten: Kurs, Bid/Ask realtime Kurs verzögert, Bid/Ask realtime +15 Min. +20 Min. etc. Schlusskurs oder Spotkurs Nie mehr ein Update dieser Seite verpassen, finanztreff.de RSS-Feeds abonnieren! Investmentecke Topthemen Marktberichte Insidertrades Empfehlungen Nachrichten Adhoc Wirtschaft & Politik Sport Suchen & Finden auf finanztreff.de Aktien Chartsignale Aktienvergleich Fonds Top Service Fonds ETF ETF-Vergleich ETC Anleihen Mittelstandsanleihen Zertifikate Optionsscheine Knock-Outs Indizes Indizes Deutschland DAX Realtime Devisen Crossrates Währungsrechner Rohstoffpreise Top-Nachrichten Musterdepot & Watchlist kostenlose Realtimekurse Planspiel Börse mobile Tools von finanztreff.de und vwd finanztreff.de mobil finanztreff.de iPhone App Wissenstests, Hilfe & Börsenlexikon auf finanztreff.de Hilfe Lexika: Börsenlexikon Fondslexikon Wissenstests: Aktien Fonds Zertifikate Hebelprodukte Über finanztreff.de Impressum Nutzungshinweise Kontakt Verzögerungszeiten Inhaltelizenzierung Mediadaten Jobs © 2016 vwd netsolutions GmbH part of the vwd.com vwdgroup.ch moneyspecial.de QuickChart Quicknews Umfrage Neu/Blog Empfehlen Neue Newsletter Aktualisieren Exklusives Angebot Diese Seite empfehlenschliessen Interessant, oder? Teilen Sie diese Seite auf Facebook, Google+ oder Twitter Aktuelle Umfrageschliessen Abzocke mit gekaperten Konten bei Amazon. Die Verbraucherzentrale fordert von Amazon, Nutzer an prominenter Stelle zu warnen - beispielsweise wie Banken beim Login. Was meinen Sie? Ja, so ist man vorgewarnt. Nein, wer darauf reinfällt, ist selbst schuld. Jetzt abstimmen! Alle Umfragen ansehen Börse Stuttgart Anlegerclubschliessen Ihr kostenfreies Plus an Börsenwissen! Der Anlegerclub der Börse Stuttgart bietet seinen Mitgliedern sechs Mal im Jahr ein informatives Anlegermagazin, welches über aussichtsreiche Anlage- und Tradingmöglichkeiten berichtet. Jetzt kostenlos Mitglied werden
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login MENU Stock Picks Learn More News Investing News Fool Podcasts Guides How to Invest Retirement Personal Finance Motley Fool Answers Options Trading Find a Broker Compare IRA Accounts Community Discussion Boards CAPS More About Help My Fool My Fool My Profile My Watchlist My Scorecard My Boards My CAPS My Reports My Subscriptions My Settings Premium Advice My Services None Other Services None Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Search Search: Better Buy: Agenus Inc. vs. Bellicum Pharmaceuticals Inc. Which of these clinical-stage biotechs is the better pick for investors right now? Keith Speights (TMFFishBiz) Oct 18, 2016 at 3:42PM Image source: Getty Images. It's been a good year for clinical-stage biotech Agenus Inc. (NASDAQ:AGEN): Its shares are up over 20% in 2016. Meanwhile, shares of peer Bellicum Pharmaceuticals (NASDAQ:BLCM) have sunk more than 20%. Which of these two biotech stocks presents the better choice for investors now? The case for Agenus Why buy Agenus stock? One top reason would be the company's promising QS-21 Stimulon adjuvant, used in vaccines to strengthen immune response. GlaxoSmithKline (NYSE:GSK) is using the adjuvant as a key component in its malaria and shingles vaccines. Glaxo's malaria vaccine, Mosquirix, has experienced ups and downs. It received a positive opinion from European regulators in 2015. However, the World Health Organization is requiring additional pilot programs before expanding use of the vaccine. While Mosquirix's efficacy decreases over time, that doesn't seem to be a problem for Glaxo's shingles vaccine, Shingrix. The big drugmaker expects to file for regulatory approval before the end of 2016. That's good news for Agenus, which has already monetized part of the royalties it hopes to receive from Glaxo's vaccines through a note purchase agreement. Agenus also has its own vaccines in development. Prophage successfully completed a couple of phase 2 clinical studies for newly diagnosed and recurring glioblastoma multiforme. Agenus hopes to have another study of Prophage begin by the end of 2016, but this study won't be sponsored by the biotech. Two other cancer vaccines, AutoSynVax and PhosphoSynVax, are in preclinical testing.  Then there's Agenus' checkpoint antibody program. The company launched a phase 1 study of AGEN1884 earlier this year. Agenus is working with Incyte on another phase 1/2 study of experimental cancer treatment INCAGN1876. Also, in June Merck selected its lead product candidate from Agenus' antibody roster to advance into preclinical testing. Agenus reported cash, cash equivalents, and short-term investments of $123.3 million at the end of June. That's only enough to carry the biotech through the first half of 2017. Further dilution of shares through another stock offering seems quite likely.  The case for Bellicum Lead candidate BPX-501 stands as the main reason for investors to like Bellicum. The adjunct T-cell therapy is in two pivotal clinical studies targeting pediatric leukemias, lymphomas, and rare inherited blood diseases. BPX-501 could address a critical issue with hematopoietic stem cell transplantation (HSCT), the transplantation of stem cells from bone marrow or blood. While HCST is the standard of care for treating several blood diseases, it's not a viable option for many patients, because they don't have a fully matched donor. BPX-501 helps make partial match donor (haploidentical) transplants more likely to be successful.  Bellicum has received orphan drug designation for BPX-501 in both the U.S. and Europe. The biotech hopes to be able to submit for European approval of the drug based on its ongoing phase 1/2 clinical study under the European Union's "exceptional circumstances" provision. This provision allows for early approval for drugs that treat rare diseases or where controlled studies aren't a practical option. The company also has a couple of other candidates in its pipeline. BPX-601 is being evaluated in a phase 1 clinical trial for treating non-resectable pancreatic cancer. Another drug, BPX-701, will soon be evaluated in a phase 1 clinical study focusing on initial indications of refractory or relapsed acute myeloid leukemia and myelodysplastic syndromes. Bellicum reported cash, cash equivalents, and investment securities of $136.6 million at the end of June. The biotech thinks that should be enough to fund development and operations through the end of 2017. Better buy It's a tough pick between these two clinical-stage biotechs. Both have opportunities, but both also have significant risks.  Shingrix should be a big winner for Glaxo and Agenus. If Glaxo's results with Mosquirix were more positive, I'd probably give the nod to Agenus.  Instead, my pick is Bellicum. The company owns all rights to its drugs, which is a big plus. If all goes well with BPX-501, Bellicum could be quite successful. I also wouldn't be surprised if the biotech ended up as an acquisition target down the road. Bellicum looks like the better buy right now. Keith Speights has no position in any stocks mentioned. The Motley Fool has no position in any of the stocks mentioned. Try any of our Foolish newsletter services free for 30 days. We Fools may not all hold the same opinions, but we all believe that considering a diverse range of insights makes us better investors. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author Keith Speights (TMFFishBiz) Keith began writing for the Fool in 2012 and focuses primarily on healthcare investing topics. His background includes serving in management and consulting for the healthcare technology, health insurance, medical device, and pharmacy benefits management industries. Follow @keithspeights Article Info Oct 18, 2016 at 3:42PM Health Care Stocks GlaxoSmithKline NYSE:GSK $38.98 down $0.21 (-0.54%) Agenus NASDAQ:AGEN $5.69 up $0.32 (5.96%) Bellicum Pharmaceuticals NASDAQ:BLCM $22.69 up $0.55 (2.48%) Read More Why Bluebird Bio Inc.'s Stock Bounced Back Which CAR-T Developer Is the Best Buy? 2 Cancer Therapy Stocks That Are Ridiculously Cheap Right Now Better Buy: Bellicum Pharmaceuticals, Inc. vs. Juno Therapeutics, Inc. 2 Beaten-Down Biotech Stocks to Buy in February This Under-the-Radar Biotech Is Developing a Disruptive Cancer-Fighting Technology Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Terms of Use Privacy Policy Copyright, Trademark and Patent Information Terms and Conditions © 1995 - 2016 The Motley Fool. All rights reserved. Current New stock picks released in...         Get The Picks x
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login MENU Stock Picks Learn More News Investing News Fool Podcasts Guides How to Invest Retirement Personal Finance Motley Fool Answers Options Trading Find a Broker Compare IRA Accounts Community Discussion Boards CAPS More About Help My Fool My Fool My Profile My Watchlist My Scorecard My Boards My CAPS My Reports My Subscriptions My Settings Premium Advice My Services None Other Services None Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Search Search: Better Buy: Agenus Inc. vs. Bellicum Pharmaceuticals Inc. Which of these clinical-stage biotechs is the better pick for investors right now? Keith Speights (TMFFishBiz) Oct 18, 2016 at 3:42PM Image source: Getty Images. It's been a good year for clinical-stage biotech Agenus Inc. (NASDAQ:AGEN): Its shares are up over 20% in 2016. Meanwhile, shares of peer Bellicum Pharmaceuticals (NASDAQ:BLCM) have sunk more than 20%. Which of these two biotech stocks presents the better choice for investors now? The case for Agenus Why buy Agenus stock? One top reason would be the company's promising QS-21 Stimulon adjuvant, used in vaccines to strengthen immune response. GlaxoSmithKline (NYSE:GSK) is using the adjuvant as a key component in its malaria and shingles vaccines. Glaxo's malaria vaccine, Mosquirix, has experienced ups and downs. It received a positive opinion from European regulators in 2015. However, the World Health Organization is requiring additional pilot programs before expanding use of the vaccine. While Mosquirix's efficacy decreases over time, that doesn't seem to be a problem for Glaxo's shingles vaccine, Shingrix. The big drugmaker expects to file for regulatory approval before the end of 2016. That's good news for Agenus, which has already monetized part of the royalties it hopes to receive from Glaxo's vaccines through a note purchase agreement. Agenus also has its own vaccines in development. Prophage successfully completed a couple of phase 2 clinical studies for newly diagnosed and recurring glioblastoma multiforme. Agenus hopes to have another study of Prophage begin by the end of 2016, but this study won't be sponsored by the biotech. Two other cancer vaccines, AutoSynVax and PhosphoSynVax, are in preclinical testing.  Then there's Agenus' checkpoint antibody program. The company launched a phase 1 study of AGEN1884 earlier this year. Agenus is working with Incyte on another phase 1/2 study of experimental cancer treatment INCAGN1876. Also, in June Merck selected its lead product candidate from Agenus' antibody roster to advance into preclinical testing. Agenus reported cash, cash equivalents, and short-term investments of $123.3 million at the end of June. That's only enough to carry the biotech through the first half of 2017. Further dilution of shares through another stock offering seems quite likely.  The case for Bellicum Lead candidate BPX-501 stands as the main reason for investors to like Bellicum. The adjunct T-cell therapy is in two pivotal clinical studies targeting pediatric leukemias, lymphomas, and rare inherited blood diseases. BPX-501 could address a critical issue with hematopoietic stem cell transplantation (HSCT), the transplantation of stem cells from bone marrow or blood. While HCST is the standard of care for treating several blood diseases, it's not a viable option for many patients, because they don't have a fully matched donor. BPX-501 helps make partial match donor (haploidentical) transplants more likely to be successful.  Bellicum has received orphan drug designation for BPX-501 in both the U.S. and Europe. The biotech hopes to be able to submit for European approval of the drug based on its ongoing phase 1/2 clinical study under the European Union's "exceptional circumstances" provision. This provision allows for early approval for drugs that treat rare diseases or where controlled studies aren't a practical option. The company also has a couple of other candidates in its pipeline. BPX-601 is being evaluated in a phase 1 clinical trial for treating non-resectable pancreatic cancer. Another drug, BPX-701, will soon be evaluated in a phase 1 clinical study focusing on initial indications of refractory or relapsed acute myeloid leukemia and myelodysplastic syndromes. Bellicum reported cash, cash equivalents, and investment securities of $136.6 million at the end of June. The biotech thinks that should be enough to fund development and operations through the end of 2017. Better buy It's a tough pick between these two clinical-stage biotechs. Both have opportunities, but both also have significant risks.  Shingrix should be a big winner for Glaxo and Agenus. If Glaxo's results with Mosquirix were more positive, I'd probably give the nod to Agenus.  Instead, my pick is Bellicum. The company owns all rights to its drugs, which is a big plus. If all goes well with BPX-501, Bellicum could be quite successful. I also wouldn't be surprised if the biotech ended up as an acquisition target down the road. Bellicum looks like the better buy right now. Keith Speights has no position in any stocks mentioned. The Motley Fool has no position in any of the stocks mentioned. Try any of our Foolish newsletter services free for 30 days. We Fools may not all hold the same opinions, but we all believe that considering a diverse range of insights makes us better investors. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author Keith Speights (TMFFishBiz) Keith began writing for the Fool in 2012 and focuses primarily on healthcare investing topics. His background includes serving in management and consulting for the healthcare technology, health insurance, medical device, and pharmacy benefits management industries. Follow @keithspeights Article Info Oct 18, 2016 at 3:42PM Health Care Stocks GlaxoSmithKline NYSE:GSK $38.98 down $0.21 (-0.54%) Agenus NASDAQ:AGEN $5.69 up $0.32 (5.96%) Bellicum Pharmaceuticals NASDAQ:BLCM $22.69 up $0.55 (2.48%) Read More Why Bluebird Bio Inc.'s Stock Bounced Back Which CAR-T Developer Is the Best Buy? 2 Cancer Therapy Stocks That Are Ridiculously Cheap Right Now Better Buy: Bellicum Pharmaceuticals, Inc. vs. Juno Therapeutics, Inc. 2 Beaten-Down Biotech Stocks to Buy in February This Under-the-Radar Biotech Is Developing a Disruptive Cancer-Fighting Technology Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Terms of Use Privacy Policy Copyright, Trademark and Patent Information Terms and Conditions © 1995 - 2016 The Motley Fool. All rights reserved. Current New stock picks released in...         Get The Picks x
Home Mail Flickr Tumblr News Sports Finance Celebrity Answers Groups Mobile More Yahoo Search Search Skip to Navigation Skip to Main Content Skip to Related Content 0 Mail News Home Follow Us US World Politics Tech Science Odd News ABC News Yahoo Originals Katie Couric Matt Bai New testing of Ebola vaccine to start next month in Canada AFPOctober 18, 2016 Reblog Share Tweet Pin it Share A health worker prepares a vaccination against the Ebola virus during clinical trials in Guinea in 2015 (AFP Photo/Cellou Binani)More Ottawa (AFP) - An Ebola vaccine developed by Canadian researchers and considered by the WHO to be the first effective treatment against the virus will soon start a new phase of clinical trials, Ottawa announced Tuesday. The vaccine's safety and effectiveness will be tested on volunteers infected with HIV, starting in Ottawa and Montreal in November, and followed by trials in Senegal and Burkina Faso next year, the government said in a statement. The tests are being conducted in partnership with US pharmaceutical company Merck. "It is particularly important to study the effectiveness of this Ebola vaccine in vulnerable populations, such as those living with HIV," said principal investigator Cecile Tremblay. "These populations can often be most at-risk during outbreaks, because of their compromised immune systems." Ebola is spread by contact with bodily fluids, and causes a range of symptoms, from fever and body aches to vomiting, diarrhea and hemorrhage. According to the World Health Organization (WHO), Ebola has killed up to 90 percent of those infected during some outbreaks, though the average chance of survival is about 50 percent. A 2014 epidemic killed more than 11,000 people in West Africa. The Ebola vaccine, originally developed by the Public Health Agency of Canada, provided blanket protection in a field trial in Guinea, according to a preliminary study published in 2015. The results published in The Lancet medical journal were hailed as "extremely promising" by the World Health Organization. The world was "on the verge of an effective Ebola vaccine," the UN's health agency had said in a statement. The final results of the study are expected to be published this fall, said the Canadian government. "This next phase of clinical trials is an important milestone in the development of the world's first proven, effective vaccine against the Ebola virus," commented Health Minister Jane Philpott. Reblog Share Tweet Pin it Share What to Read Next Global gov'ts: Make tobacco firms liable for smoking harm Associated Press Family: 'Deadliest Catch' star injured in assault Associated Press President Obama calls Trump ‘pragmatic,' not an ‘ideologue' Yahoo News Video Marriage Equality ‘Settled’ but Abortion Isn’t: Trump Contradicts on ‘60 Minutes’ Yahoo Beauty Miami Marlins Jose Fernandez dies in boating accident Yahoo News Photo Staff Trump on 60 Minutes: if Roe v. Wade is overturned, women will “have to go to another state” Vox.com Judge orders release of ‘Making a Murderer’ subject Brendan Dassey Yahoo News Video Scott Disick Shares Sexy Photo of Kourtney Kardashian's Butt During Mexico Vacation Entertainment Tonight Obama Says Despite Reservations, He Hopes Trump 'Makes Things Better' Good Morning America PBS Newshour's Gwen Ifill Dead at 61 TVLine.com Flamingos from above Yahoo News Photo Staff Boys' and Girls' Brains May Show Opposite Effects After a Trauma LiveScience.com 'Michigan Rattlers' Talk Inspiration Behind Their Music and Perform 'Sweet Diane' ABC News Videos Wanda Sykes Booed in Boston for Criticizing Donald Trump: ‘F— All Y’all’ The Wrap Antidiscrimination groups denounce Trump’s appointment of Steve Bannon Yahoo News Adam Levine Shares Sweet Oceanside Family Photo: ‘Everything I Need Is Right Here’ People UK wants to raze 783 London homes to expand Heathrow airport brandweer112: As someone who 'lives up north' i always stand in awe when people tell us how we will all benefit from major infrastructure improvements in London,the billions to be spent on this new runway,the billions being spent on crossrail for the benefit of......well not me,i'll still be standing at a grotty provincial train station waiting on a train that may or may not arrive,i will have a glow in my heart to know that things in the south are ticking over nicely as i try to get the feeling back into my cold wet feet,great just great. Join the Conversation 1 / 5 141 Eugene Richards’ ‘Below the Line: Living Poor in America’ Yahoo News Photo Staff Ex-Blackhawk Bryan Bickell diagnosed with multiple sclerosis WLS – Chicago Inside Iraqi Forces Fight for Mosul Yahoo News Video Mike Evans indicates on Instagram he didn't vote before protesting Donald Trump Shutdown Corner Black veteran says he was refused free Veteran's Day meal at Chili's after man in Trump shirt questioned his service Business Insider These 10 megadonors blew $112 million on losing candidates in the presidential election Yahoo Finance Photos of the day - October 14, 2016 Yahoo News Photo Staff Chicago nursing home fined after residents overdose on heroin Chicago Tribune SPLC on the postelection harassment Yahoo News Video NBC color analyst Cris Collinsworth has had enough of Bill Simmons' criticisms Shutdown Corner Report: Trump was unfamiliar with the scope of the president's job when meeting Obama Business Insider Trump reportedly surprised by scope of White House staffing duties CNBC Airstrikes in Yemen Yahoo News Photo Staff Is Trump Walking Back on His Campaign Promises? ABC News Videos Michelle Obama and Melania Trump Had Tea at the White House, and Um...the Internet Has Thoughts Marie Claire Integrate or face populist fury, London mayor warns AFP Help Privacy Suggestions About our Ads Terms
▮ Home ▮ Business Latest Headlines Top Stories Breaking News Earnings Biotech Investors IPOs M&A Canadian UK Key Wallstreet Events ▮ Industry News Technology Software Banking Automotive Energy More ▮ Stock Alerts Active Traders Before the Bell $5 and under Intraday Updates After the Bell ▮ Corp. Calendars Dividends Stock Splits Buybacks Conference Calls ▮ Earnings Calendars Earnings Calendar Pos Pre-announcements Profit Warnings Positive Surprise Negative Surprise Latest Earnings ▮ FDA Calendars Drug Approvals Device Approvals Clinical Trial Calendar ▮ Ratings Changes Upgrades Downgrades Cov Initiations Cov. Reiterated ▮ Economy US Europe Asia Global Economic Calendar Economic Scorecard Fed Members ▮ Markets Morning Mkt Analysis US Commentary European Commentary Asian Commentary Canadian Commentary Indian Commentary Commodities Bonds Currencies ▮ Politics US World White House Elections Congress General News ▮ Forex FX Top Stories Currency Analysis Currency Alerts Economic Calendar Economic Scorecard ▮ Health Hot Topics Diet & Fitness Kids Health Men's Health Women's Health Cancer News Drug Development Mental Health ▮ Tech Hot Topics Gadgets & Games Mobile Green Tech ▮ Entertainment Top Stories TV News Movie News Slide Shows Game of Thrones ▮ Music news Pop Rock Classic Rock Rap/Hip-Hop Country Alternative Oldies All Genre ▮ Content Licensing Newswires & Feeds Content Syndication Digital Signage Services Radio News Services ▮ Premium Emerging Biostocks Under The Radar Short-Term Investor NewsStream Login ▮ More Free Content RSS Feeds Search ▮ Blog Political Science / Nature Fundamental Analysis ▮ Columns Science & Tech Arts & Leisure Politics & Policy Money Home Business Latest Headlines Top Stories Breaking News Earnings Biotech Investors IPOs M&A Canadian UK Key Wallstreet Events Industry News Technology Software Banking Automotive Energy More Stock Alerts Active Traders Before the Bell $5 and under Intraday Updates After the Bell Corp. Calendars Dividends Stock Splits Buybacks Conference Calls Earnings Calendars Earnings Calendar Pos Pre-announcements Profit Warnings Positive Surprise Negative Surprise Latest Earnings FDA Calendars Drug Approvals Device Approvals Clinical Trial Calendar Ratings Changes Upgrades Downgrades Cov Initiations Cov. Reiterated Economy US Europe Asia Global Economic Calendar Economic Scorecard Fed Members Markets Morning Mkt Analysis US Commentary European Commentary Asian Commentary Canadian Commentary Indian Commentary Commodities Bonds Currencies Politics US World White House Elections Congress General News Forex FX Top Stories Currency Analysis Currency Alerts Economic Calendar Economic Scorecard Health Hot Topics Diet & Fitness Kids Health Men's Health Women's Health Cancer News Drug Development Mental Health Tech Hot Topics Gadgets & Games Mobile Green Tech Entertainment Top Stories TV News Movie News Slide Shows Game of Thrones Music news Pop Rock Classic Rock Rap/Hip-Hop Country Alternative Oldies All Genre Content Licensing Newswires & Feeds Content Syndication Digital Signage Services Radio News Services Premium Emerging Biostocks Under The Radar Short-Term Investor NewsStream Login More Free Content RSS Feeds Search Blog Political Science / Nature Fundamental Analysis Columns Science & Tech Arts & Leisure Politics & Policy Money   E-MAIL  SHARE FONT-SIZE    Tweet Share Bargain Hunting May Contribute To Rebound On Wall Street 10/18/2016 8:58 AM ET The major U.S. index futures are pointing to a higher opening on Tuesday, with stocks likely to regain some ground following recent weakness. Bargain hunting may contribute to early strength on Wall Street along with a positive reaction to the latest corporate results. U.S. stocks moved about in a lackluster manner on Monday before ending modestly lower. The major averages opened higher but moved back and forth across the unchanged line until the mid-session. Subsequently, the averages moved decisively lower, declining steadily until late afternoon trading and moving roughly sideways thereafter. The Dow Industrials ended down 51.98 points or 0.29 percent at a more than 1-month low of 18,086, the S&P 500 Index closed 6.48 points or 0.30 percent lower at 2,127 and the Nasdaq Composite closed at 5,200, down 14.34 points or 0.27 percent. Twenty-two of the thirty Dow components declined in the session and one stock was unchanged, while the remaining seven stocks ended higher. McDonald's (MCD), Nike (NKE), Home Depot (HD) and Merck (MRK) were among the worst performers of the session. Among the sectors, retail and brokerage stocks showed notable moves to the downside, while gold stocks gained ground. On the economic front, the results of the New York Federal Reserve's manufacturing survey showed that conditions among manufacturers in the region worsened in October. The general business conditions index fell to -6.8 from -2.0 in September, remaining negative for the third straight month. Economists expected an improvement to 1. The new orders index was at -5.60, the shipments index was at -0.60 and the employment index was at -4.70. Inflation measures were on an upswing, with the prices paid index climbing about 6 points to 22.60 and the prices received index rising about 3 points to 4.70. The 6-month outlook index edged up by two points to 36.0. The Federal Reserve reported that industrial production rose 0.1 percent month-over-month in September, smaller than the 0.2 percent increase expected by economists. Manufacturing output was up 0.2 percent compared to the 0.1 percent growth predicted, with high-tech production offering support. However, business equipment production was down for the second straight month. Commodity, Currency Markets Crude oil futures for November delivery are rising $0.40 to $50.34 a barrel after ending Monday's session down $0.41 at $49.94 a barrel. Meanwhile, an ounce of gold is currently trading at $1,263.50, up $6.90 from the previous session's close of $1,256.60. On Monday, gold rose $1.10. On the currency front, the U.S. dollar is trading at 103.98 yen compared to the 103.89 yen it fetched at the close of New York trading on Monday. Against the euro, the dollar is valued at $1.0995 compared to yesterday's $1.1000. Asia The Asian markets all rebounded notably, with the Chinese, Hong Kong and Indian markets leading the forward charge. However, the New Zealand market retreated sharply. Japanese stocks rose moderately, advancing for the third straight session, as the yen remained flat at the upper 103 levels against the dollar. The Nikkei 225 Index saw some weakness in early trading but moved above the unchanged line in the late morning. Subsequently, the index remained mostly above the unchanged line before ending up 63.49 points or 0.38 percent at 16,964. Food, housing, textile, real estate, chemical, paper, resource and utility stocks ended mostly higher, while the pharma, export and financial spaces saw mixed sentiment. On the other hand, retail and telecom stocks saw weakness. Australia's All Ordinaries Index hovered mostly above the unchanged line before ending up 21.10 points or 0.39 percent at 5,492. Utility and real estate stocks led the gains, although IT and industrial stocks came under selling pressure. Hong Kong's Hang Seng Index ended at 23,394, up 356.85 points or 1.55 percent at 23,394 and China's Shanghai Composite rallied 42.71 points or 1.40 percent before ending at 3,084. On the economic front, the minutes of the Reserve Bank of Australia's October meeting showed that board members foresee a gradual slowing in the short term before a recovery sets in. The economists see no significant change in the outlook for inflation, so the prospects for a rate cut at the November board meeting are remote. Separately, an Australian Bureau of Statistics report showed that new motor vehicle sales in Australia rose 2.5 percent month-over-month in September following a flat reading in August. Annual growth slowed to 0.8 percent from 2.8 percent. Europe European stocks are also rallying amid a pickup in risk appetite. While the French CAC 40 Index has jumped by 1.4 percent, the German DAX Index and the U.K.'s FTSE 100 Index are up by 1.2 percent and 1.1 percent, respectively. In major corporate news, Ryanair reduced its full year net profit guidance by 5 percent, citing the weakness of the Sterling following the Brexit, which is expected to impact average fares for the second half. French dairy giant Danone reported a 2.1 percent increase in the like-for-like sales, as a 2.8 percent increase in value offset a 0.7 percent drop in volume. Burberry reported an increase in same store sales for the September quarter, benefiting from a weaker pound. However, conditions in Hong Kong, Macau and continental Europe remained weak. On the economic front, a survey by the European Central Bank showed that Eurozone banks are set to tighten credit standards on business lending in the final three months of this year, while they expect to ease standards for housing loans and retain the existing levels for consumer credit. The U.K. Office for National Statistics reported that annual inflation in the U.K. rose to 1 percent in September from 0.6 percent August, reaching the highest rate since November 2014. Higher clothing and transportation costs led to much of the spike. Economists expected an inflation rate of 0.9 percent. Meanwhile, another report showed that output price inflation accelerated but input price inflation decelerated by much more than expected. Annual U.K. house price inflation unexpectedly accelerated to 8.4 percent in August after easing in the previous month, figures from the Office for National Statistics showed. Economists had expected inflation to ease to 7.8 percent. The measure has been rising since end of 2013. U.S. Economic Reports Reflecting higher prices for gasoline and shelter, the Labor Department released a report showing that U.S. consumer prices rose in line with economist estimates in the month of September. The Labor Department said its consumer price index climbed by 0.3 percent in September after edging up by 0.2 percent in August. Excluding food and energy prices, the core consumer price index inched up by 0.1 percent in September after increasing by 0.3 percent in August. Economists had expected core prices to rise by 0.2 percent. The annual rate of consumer price inflation accelerated to 1.5 percent in September from 1.1 percent, while the core rate slowed to 2.2 percent from 2.3 percent. At 10 am ET, the National Association of Home Builders will release the results of its homebuilder confidence survey for October. The consensus estimate calls for a decline in the housing market index to 63. In September, the housing market index rose to 65 from a downwardly revised reading of 59 for August. The present sales condition index rose 6 points to 7, representing a nearly 1-year high, the index measuring prospective buyer traffic was up 4 points to 48 and the sales expectations index gained 5 points to 71. Stocks in Focus Johnson & Johnson (JNJ) and UnitedHealth (UNH) both reported better than expected third quarter earnings and revenues and raised their full-year guidance. Investment banking giant Goldman Sachs (GS) also reported third quarter results that exceeded analyst estimates. IBM (IBM) reported better than expected third quarter non-GAAP earnings per share and revenues, with the top line boosted by income from intellectual property. Cloud revenues were up 44 percent. Netflix (NFLX) reported above-consensus earnings per share and revenues for its fourth quarter, as international and domestic subscriber additions topped forecasts. The company's fourth quarter earnings per share guidance was also positive. United Airlines (UAL) reported third quarter adjusted earnings that beat estimates. Revenues declined year-over-year and unit revenues were down 5.8 percent. For the fourth quarter, the company estimates a 4-6 percent drop in passenger unit revenues. Region's Financial (RF) reported better than expected third quarter results. UnitedHealth's (UNH) third quarter results also exceeded estimates. Visa (VISA) announced that its CEO Charlie Scharf is resigning, effective December 1, 2016. The company also said board member Alfred Kelly has been appointed as the CEO in his place and will join the company as CEO designate on October 31, 2016. Sealed Air (SEE) announced plans to spin off its Diversey Care division and the food hygiene and cleaning business within its Food Care division. The company said the remaining Sealed Air business would continue as an independent company. ADTRAN (ADTN), Cree (CREE), Intel (INTC), Linear Tech (LLTC) and Yahoo (YHOO) are among the companies due to release their financial results after the close of trading. by RTT Staff Writer For comments and feedback: editorial@rttnews.com The Most Influential Books In Business Fed Chatterbox: Economic Preview Week of November 14 Forget Canada: The Best Places To Flee Trump's America Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. comments powered by Disqus Follow RTT Editor's Pick Most Read Most Emailed Amaya Gets Huge Buyout Bid From Former CEO Zuckerberg: Facebook Hoax News Did Not Get Trump Elected Kenneth Cole Closing Brick-and-Mortars Samsung To Buy Harman Intl' In About $8 Bln All-cash Deal Siemens To Buy Mentor Graphics For $4.5 Bln Enterprise Value Nasty Gal Files For Bankruptcy Allianz Stock Climbs On Q3 Profit Growth, Confirms FY16 Profit View Walt Disney Q4 Profit Down - Update Forget Canada: The Best Places To Escape Trump's America Continental Stock Dips On Weak Q3 Profit; Sees Strong Earnings In Q4 AstraZeneca Q3 Pre-tax Profit Down On Crestor Generic; Backs FY View Alphabet Cancels Drone Deal With Starbucks As Project Leaders Pushed Out ADAP Surges As FDA Lifts Clinical Hold, OCUL Catches Eyes, RegeneRx On The Rise ARWR's Hepatitis B Drug On Clinical Hold, GMED Disappoints, A First For MYL AdvancePierre Foods Appoints Christopher Sliva As President ANTH Plunges As Lupus Trial Fails, BMY's Opdivo Is At It Again, FDA Nod For GILD Engie 9-month EBITDA Declines - Quick Facts AMGN Crosses BRIDGE, Anxiety Over PTCT's Translarna Eases, EGRX Opens Wallet Pfizer : IBRANCE Approved In Europe To Treat HR+/HER2- Metastatic Breast Cancer Forget Canada: The Best Places To Escape Trump's America Alphabet Cancels Drone Deal With Starbucks As Project Leaders Pushed Out Google Rejects EU Antitrust Charges Allianz Stock Climbs On Q3 Profit Growth, Confirms FY16 Profit View Walt Disney Q4 Profit Down - Update Facebook Taking Aim At LinkedIn Samsung To Buy Harman Intl' In About $8 Bln All-cash Deal Rio Tinto Suspends Unit CEO Alan Davies Amid Guinea Payments Investigation Alstom Turns To Profit In H1; Sales, Orders Up; Backs 2020 View - Quick Facts Kuka Group Q3 Profit Surges; Lowers FY16 Sales Outlook - Quick Facts HeidelbergCement Q3 Profit Down;says Confident To Exceed €400 Mln Synergy Target Osram Licht Q4 Profit Declines; Sees Growth In 2017 - Quick Facts Heidelberg Reports Positive Net Result In Q2; Affirms Fiscal Year Targets Carlsberg Q3 Revenues Decline; But Lifts FY16 Profit Outlook - Quick Facts E.ON 9-month Loss Narrows; Confirms 2016 Profit Outlook Munich Re Lifts FY View, Q3 Profit Rises - Quick Facts Swiss Life 9-month Fee Income Rises; Premiums Down; On Track For FY16 Targets Copyright © 2016 RTTNews. All rights reserved. By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Service. About Us   |   Privacy   |   Feedback   |   Sitemap
Menu Search here Home Articles Newswires Videos UK INVESTOR SHOW BIOTECH CAPITAL TECH CAPITAL MINES & MONEY OIL COUNCIL MINING CAPITAL OIL CAPITAL Big Picture Columnists Companies All Companies All Featured UK Featured North America Featured Australia Featured Events All events 24 November 2016. 6pm 08 December 2016. 6pm 12 January 2017. 6pm Highlights All Market Reports Columns Presentations Crowdfunding Elevator Pitch Energy All Big Picture Articles Newswires Market Reports Columns Videos Presentations Conferences Mining All Big Picture Articles Newswires Market Reports Columns Videos Presentations Conferences Tech All Big Picture Articles Newswires Market Reports Columns Videos Presentations Pharma & Biotech All Big Picture Articles Newswires Market Reports Columns Videos Presentations In Focus All Big Picture Articles Newswires Market Reports Columns Videos Presentations Sign-Up Login Watch us Like us Follow us Pro NA Pro AU Fuller Treacy Money Stocktube Mining Capital Oil Capital Tech Capital Biotech Capital Pro NAPro AU Pro HK FULLER TREACY MONEY StockTube Mining Capital Oil Capital Tech Capital Biotech Capital Sign up UNITED KINGDOM USA Australia Germany China Login × Login Email Password Sign in Did you forget your password? Click here for recovery Or login using... × Send Email To: * Separate multiple addresses with commas. From: Name: Please send me a copy Message: Verification code: * Enter the code from above Send × Preferences Profile Password Edit your personal details Email First Name Last Name Mobile/Cell Home/Daytime Work Gender Male Female Hometown Primary Country Corporate Website I want to get marketing materials from Proactive Investors More about yourself Tell us a little bit about you and your interests Occupation Portfolio Size No portfolio €1 - €49,000 €50,000 - €99,000 €100,000 - €499,000 €500,000 - €1,000,000 +€1000,000 Interest (You can select more then one) General Interest Educational Private Investor Professional Investor Institutional Investor Hedge Fund Manager Public Relations Financial Services Broker Media / Press Change your password Password Password Repeat × Contact Support Your email: * Problematic page url * Message * Verification code Enter the code from above * Home Articles Newswires Videos UK INVESTOR SHOW BIOTECH CAPITAL TECH CAPITAL MINES & MONEY OIL COUNCIL MINING CAPITAL OIL CAPITAL Big Picture Columnists Companies All Companies All Featured UK Featured North America Featured Australia Featured Events 24 November 2016. 6pm 08 December 2016. 6pm 12 January 2017. 6pm × Advanced Search Keyword Search by CHANNEL SECTOR MARKET AUTHOR Energy Mining Pharma & Biotech Tech In Focus Aerospace Aerospace & Defense Agribusiness Automobiles & Parts Banks Basic Materials Beverages Broadcasting & Entertainment Building Material & Fixtures Business Support Services Capital Goods Chemicals Cleantech and Renewable Energy Clothing & Footwear Computer Hardware Computer Services Construction & Materials Consumer Finance Consumer Services Diamonds & Gemstones Education Electronic & Electrical Equipment Energy Engineering Equity Instruments ETF - Exchange-Traded Fund Exploration & Production Financial Financial Admin Food & Beverages Food & Drug Retailers Forestry & Paper Furnishings Gambling General Financials General Industry General Mining General Mining - Coal General Mining - Copper General Mining - Diamonds & Gemstones General Mining - Gold General Mining - Iron Ore and Bauxite General Mining - Moly, Chrome, Tungsten & Manganese General Mining - Nickel and Cobalt General Mining - Platinum Group Metals General Mining - Potash and Phosphate General Mining - Rare Earth Minerals General Mining - Silver General Mining - Uranium & Lithium General Mining - Zinc, Lead and Tin General Retailers Gold Mining Growth Companies Health Care, Equipment & Services Industrial Machinery Industrial Metals Industrial Suppliers Insurance Integrated Oil & Gas Internet Internet Investment Funds & Companies Investment Services IT Hardware Leisure Manufacturing Media & Publishing Medical Cannabis Mining Mobile Communications Multiutilities Nonequity Investment Instruments Oil & Gas Oil & Gas Equipment & Services Oil & Gas Exploration & Production Other Industry News Personal Products Pharma & Biotech Pharmaceuticals Platinum & Precious Metals Real Estate Real Estate Holding & Development Recreational Services Renewable Energy Restaurants, pubs Semiconductors Software & Computer Services Specialty Chemicals Specialty Finance Specialty Retailers Sports Support Services Tech Technology Hardware & Equipment Telecommunications Equipment Telecoms Telecoms services Transportation Travel Leisure Travel, Leisure & Hospitality Utilities All UK Markets All North American Markets PRIVATE AIM OTCQB PINK TMP AMEX LSE PLUS ASX TSX JSE NASDAQ FRA TSX-V OTCBB KRX OTC FFT NYSE XETRA ISE MCE CNSX COLOMBO NASDAQ OMX OSL GXG GSX NSX ISDX OTCMKTS EPA SGX Frankfurt Code NYSEMKT ETR HKG AEX Ian Mclelland Craig Ribton Ian Lyall Philip Whiterow Sam Kiri Ruth Gemmell Andrew McCrea John Phillips John Harrington Deborah Bacal Carrie Howes Brian Keane Peter Murray Jamie Ashcroft Giles Gwinnett Northland Capital Deborah Sterescu Charlotte Kan Anwar Ali Bevis Yeo Mourad Haroutunian Gordon Aldcorn Alessandro Bruno Jane Sully Jackie Steinitz Steve Asfour Natasha Barr Proactive Investors John McGoldrick SP Angel HB Markets Ransquawk Fuller Treavy Galvan Trader Talk Hybridan Fox-Davies Fat Prophets Alistair Strang Edison's weekly research summary The Naked Trader Keith Heddle Michael Millar Angus Warren Beaufort Securities Markets At A Glance Sprott Group Susan McKenzie Charlotte Kan Leigh Bolton Adam Sheldrake Sophie Barrowman Emma Milton Northland Capital IG Group Malcolm Graham-Wood Nick Huber Nicola Brown Andrew Neil Shard Capital Damon Heath Gareth Burchell Juliet Mann Jon Hopkins Accendo Markets Sarah Lowther Greg Watson Nigel Roberts . Fuller Treacy Money Philip Waller Jonathan Jones Alastair Ford Glen Jones Thomas Coleman Stewart Dalby Eithne Treanor RFC Ambrian Ben Marlow Richard Embrey Ebiquity Kieron Hodgson Stefania Barbaglio Sasha Sethi Jeremy Naylor Jamie Nimmo Carrie White George Matlock Josh Allsopp Tom Howard VSA Capital George Matlock Charles Breese Roger Lawson Andrew Scott Jonathon Narvey Jonathon Narvey Angela Kean Christine Feary Andre Lamberti Jeff Coote Sergei Balashov Brad Lemaire Joyanta Acharjee Olivia D'Orazio Jon Mainwaring Ross Louthean, Mineweb.net Fiona MacDonald Erin Sugar Richard Badauskas Metals Place Kam Patel Julie Crust Chris Shaw Dorothy Kosich Highlights Market Reports Columns Presentations Crowdfunding Elevator Pitch Energy Big Picture Articles Newswires Market Reports Columns Videos Presentations Mining Big Picture Articles Newswires Market Reports Columns Videos Presentations Tech Big Picture Articles Newswires Market Reports Columns Videos Presentations Pharma & Biotech Big Picture Articles Newswires Market Reports Columns Videos Presentations In Focus Big Picture Articles Newswires Market Reports Columns Videos Presentations Home Research Guardian CFDs Pre Market Briefing Market Briefing: UK markets closed lower yesterday, dragged down by a slump in energy producers Share Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Email Print Download PDF version 07:55 18 Oct 2016 Proactive Investors, October 18 2016 UK Market Snapshot UK markets closed lower yesterday, dragged down by a slump in energy producers. BP and Royal Dutch Shell slid 1.2% and 1.8%, respectively, tracking losses in crude oil prices. Pearson plummeted 8.4%, after it reported a drop in its comparable sales for the first nine months of the year due to a slowdown in the key US market for textbooks. Housebuilders, Taylor Wimpey, Persimmon and Barratt Developments lost 1.8%, 2.5% and 2.9%, respectively. On the positive side, Drax Group advanced 3.5%, after a leading broker reiterated its ‘Outperform’ rating. Standard Chartered edged up 1.0%, on mounting speculation that Essar Group would repay its loans after it agreed to sell its refinery unit for about $13.0 billion. Miners, Glencore and Anglo American added 0.7% each. The FTSE 100 dipped 0.9%, to close at 6,947.6, while the FTSE 250 shed 1.0%, to settle at 17,792.5. US Market Snapshot US markets ended in negative territory yesterday, following losses in health care stocks. ARIAD Pharmaceuticals, Merck & Co and Valeant Pharmaceuticals International declined 0.2%, 1.0% and 2.5%, respectively. Tesla Motors eased 1.3%, after its CEO, Elon Musk, stated that the launch of its mysterious product would be delayed by two days to Wednesday to allow more time for refinement. On the contrary, Hasbro jumped 7.4%, as its revenue and profit for the third quarter surpassed market analysts’ estimates. SUPERVALU climbed 5.8%, after the former agreed to sell its Save-A-Lot business to private-equity firm, Onex, in a cash deal valued at $1.37 billion. Bank of America rose 0.3%, after it reported upbeat results for the third quarter. The S&P 500 shed 0.3%, to settle at 2,126.5. The DJIA slipped 0.3%, to settle at 18,086.4, while the NASDAQ fell 0.3%, to close at 5,199.8. Europe Market Snapshot Other European markets finished in the red yesterday, amid a decline in energy sector shares. TOTAL, OMV and Repsol shed 1.2%, 1.4% and 1.7%, respectively, on lower crude oil prices. Marine Harvest tumbled 4.1%, after the company slashed its output guidance for the year 2016. Swatch Group and Cie Financiere Richemont dropped 3.4% and 3.5%, respectively. Gemalto dipped 1.5%. The company announced that it is partnering with Alibaba Group to provide connectivity and security for YunOS. Among financials, Banco Popolare rose 0.8%, while Banca Popolare di Milano Scarl lost 3.0%, after shareholders approved a merger between the companies. Peers, UniCredit and Assicurazioni Generali advanced 2.3% and 2.4%, respectively. The FTSEurofirst 300 index eased 0.7%, to close at 1,332.3. Among other European markets, the German DAX Xetra 30 slipped 0.7%, to close at 10,503.6, while the French CAC-40 slid 0.5%, to settle at 4,450.2. Asia Market Snapshot Markets in Asia are trading higher this morning. In Japan, Nihon M&A Center has jumped 6.7%, after its operating profit for the six months ended September surpassed market analysts’ estimates. Nitto Denko, Mitsui Chemicals and Tokuyama have climbed 3.6%, 3.7% and 4.8%, respectively. On the flipside, Nippon Yusen Kabushiki Kaisha has slipped 1.0%, on the back of news that its President, Tadaaki Naito, expects a tough earnings climate through the fiscal year 2017. In Hong Kong, gaming stocks, Sands China and Galaxy Entertainment Group have advanced 0.2% and 2.6%, respectively. In South Korea, index majors, POSCO and Hyundai Motor have gained 1.1% and 1.5%, respectively. The Nikkei 225 index is trading 0.1% higher at 16,924.0. The Hang Seng index is trading 0.9% up at 23,248.8, while the Kospi index is trading 0.2% higher at 2,032.1. Commodity, Currency and Fixed Income Snapshots Crude Oil At 0330GMT today, Brent Crude Oil one month futures contract is trading 0.62% or $0.32 higher at $51.84 per barrel, ahead of the American Petroleum Institute’s weekly oil inventory data, scheduled to be released later today. Yesterday, the contract declined 0.83% or $0.43, to settle at $51.52 per barrel, extending its losses from the prior session, following a rise in global crude oil glut. Gold At 0330GMT today, Gold futures contract is trading 0.24% or $3.00 higher at $1259.60 per ounce. Yesterday, the contract advanced 0.09% or $1.10, to settle at $1256.60 per ounce, amid sell-offs in global equities. Currency At 0330GMT today, the EUR is trading 0.21% higher against the USD at $1.1020. The US consumer price index for September and the US NAHB housing market index for October, due to release later today, will be monitored by market participants. Yesterday, the EUR strengthened 0.26% versus the USD, to close at $1.0997, after data showed that the Euro-zone consumer price index rose in September. At 0330GMT today, the GBP is trading 0.43% higher against the USD at $1.2233, ahead of the UK consumer price index for September, slated to be released in a few hours. Yesterday, the GBP weakened a tad versus the USD, to close at $1.2181. On macro front, the US industrial output slightly rose and capacity utilisation advanced less than expected, both in September. Fixed Income In the US, long term treasury prices rose and pushed yields lower, after data showed that the US industrial output rose slightly in September. Yesterday, yield on 10-year notes dropped 3 basis points to 1.77%, while yield on 2-year notes lost 3 basis points to 0.81%. Meanwhile, 30-year bond yield declined 3 basis points to 2.52%. Key Economic News Euro-zone CPI advanced as expected in September On an annual basis, the final consumer price index (CPI) in the Euro-zone climbed 0.40% in September, meeting market expectations. The CPI had recorded a rise of 0.20% in the previous month. The preliminary figures had also recorded a rise of 0.40%. Euro-zone CPI rose as expected in September On a monthly basis in September, the CPI registered a rise of 0.40% in the Euro-zone, compared to an advance of 0.10% in the prior month. Market expectation was for the CPI to advance 0.40%. Euro-zone core CPI rose as expected in September The final core CPI recorded a rise of 0.80% on a YoY basis in September, in the Euro-zone, meeting market expectations. The preliminary figures had also recorded a rise of 0.80%. In the prior month, the core CPI had registered a similar rise. Italian trade surplus fell in August In August, (EU countries) trade surplus in Italy narrowed to €0.39 billion, following a trade surplus of €2.91 billion in the prior month. US capacity utilisation climbed in September In the US, capacity utilisation rose to a level of 75.40% in September, compared to a revised level of 75.30% in the previous month. Markets were anticipating capacity utilisation to climb to a level of 75.60%. US NY Empire State manufacturing index slid surprisingly in October The NY Empire State manufacturing index dropped unexpectedly to a level of -6.80 in October, in the US, compared to a level of -1.99 in the previous month. Markets were expecting the NY Empire State manufacturing index to rise to 1.00. US industrial production advanced as expected in September In the US, industrial production recorded a rise of 0.10% on a monthly basis in September, in line with market expectations. In the previous month, industrial production had recorded a revised drop of 0.50%. US manufacturing production advanced more than expected in September Manufacturing production rose 0.20% on a MoM basis in the US, in September, compared to a revised fall of 0.50% in the prior month. Markets were expecting manufacturing production to rise 0.10%. Foreign investors remained net buyers of Canadian securities in the previous month Foreign investors were net buyers of C$12.74 billion worth of Canadian securities in August, from being net buyers of a revised C$9.10 billion worth of Canadian securities in the prior month. Canadian investors became net buyers of foreign securities in the previous month Canadian investors remained net buyers of C$1.60 billion worth of foreign securities in August, from being net buyers of a revised C$4.59 billion worth of foreign securities in the prior month. Japanese industrial production registered a rise in August The final industrial production climbed 1.30% on a MoM basis in Japan, in August. In the prior month, industrial production had registered a drop of 0.40%. The preliminary figures had recorded a rise of 1.50%. Japanese industrial production climbed in August The final industrial production registered a rise of 4.50% on an annual basis, in August, in Japan. In the previous month, industrial production had fallen 4.20%. The preliminary figures had recorded an advance of 4.60%. Japanese capacity utilisation advanced in August On a MoM basis, capacity utilisation in Japan recorded a rise of 2.60% in August. In the prior month, capacity utilisation had registered a rise of 0.60%. Proactive Investors Share Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Email Print Download PDF version Disclaimer: Any research has been produced by an independent third party provider. Further details can be provided on request. Guardian Stockbrokers Limited is authorised and regulated by the Financial Services Authority (FSA Ref: 492519). Any report has been prepared using information available from public sources, which are believed to be reliable as at the date of this report. However, Guardian Stockbrokers, its employees and its independent third party provider make no representation as to the accuracy or completeness of this report. This report should therefore not be relied on as accurate or complete. The facts and opinions on this report are subject to change without notice. Guardian Stockbrokers, its employees and its independent third party provider have no obligation to modify or update this report in the event that any information on this report becomes inaccurate. Any report is prepared for informational purpose only, with no recommendation or solicitation to buy or to sell. The background of any individual or other investor has not been considered in providing this report. Individuals and other investors should seek independent financial advice which considers their specific risks, objectives and specific constraints, and make their own informed decisions. Individuals and other investors should note that investing in shares carries a degree of risk and the value of investments can go up or down. Past performance is not a reliable indicator of future performance. Investments should be made with regard to an investor’s total portfolio. Guardian Stockbrokers, its independent third party provider and its employees make no representation or guarantee with regard to any investment noted on this report, and shall therefore not be liable with regard to any loss. RSS Follow Only registred members can create thier own customized alerts. Register or Log in Delete alert Help Guardian CFDs Pre Market Briefing www.guardianstockbrokers.com Pre Market Briefing informs you of what is happening before the market opens. We believe our Pre Market Briefing is an invaluable tool to set up your trading day, therefore giving you an edge. Our Pre market briefing is just the start of our trading day at Guardian. We work with our clients to provide them with information and guidance to enhance their trading decisions. Guardian will provide you with an individual service together with the most suitable and expert advice at a fair and reasonable cost. UK 100 - 1 YEAR Loading charts International: NA AU DE CN Our Company Term & Conditions The Team Contact us Newsletter Sitemap Cookies Partners: Follow us: © Proactive Investors 2016 Proactive Investor UK Limited, trading as “Proactiveinvestors United Kingdom”, is Authorised and regulated by the Financial Conduct Authority. Registered in England with Company Registration number 05639690. Group VAT registration number 872070825 FCA Registration number 559082. You can contact us here.
SUBSCRIBE LOG IN LOG OUT REGISTER MY PROFILE Obituaries Events Jobs Real Estate Cars Classified PG Store November 14, 2016 6:42 PM 7-day Forecast Post-Gazette.com Archives Home News Local Sports Opinion A & E Life Business Video Photo Advertisement Preteens need only 2 HPV shots — not 3, CDC says October 20, 2016 1:19 AM Merck This image made available by Merck in October shows a vial and package for their GARDASIL 9 human papillomavirus vaccine. By Mike Stobbe / Associated Press NEW YORK — It’s now easier for preteens to get the cervical cancer vaccine. The government on Wednesday quickly adopted a recommendation that preteens get two shots instead of three and space them further apart. Health officials hope that will boost the number of girls and boys who get vaccinated. “It will be simpler now for parents to get their kids the HPV vaccine series, and protect their kids from HPV cancers,” said Nancy Messonnier of the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention. The vaccine protects against human papillomavirus — or HPV — which can cause cervical cancer, certain other cancers and genital warts. It is commonly spread through sex and, in most cases, the virus doesn’t cause any problems. But some infections gradually lead to cancer. Health officials want kids to get HPV vaccinations at age 11 or 12, well before most first have sex and before they could be infected. But less than one-third of 13-year-old U.S. boys and girls have gotten three doses. Busy parents have struggled with the old schedule, which called for three trips to the doctor within six months. “I know people who say, ‘I can’t do that. Why even start?’ ” said Cynthia Pellegrini, a March of Dimes official who sits on the panel. Recent studies have shown two doses of the current HPV vaccine — Gardasil 9 — work just as well in kids ages 9 to 14. The Food and Drug Administration two weeks ago said it could be given in two doses. What’s more, two doses apparently work better when spaced six to 12 months apart. That means they could be given at annual checkups. The Advisory Committee on Immunization Practices made the recommendation at a meeting in Atlanta. The panel stuck with three doses for anyone who doesn’t get their first shot until they turn 15. That’s because it didn’t have enough data on how well two doses worked in older kids. The vaccine was first recommended in 2006 for girls, and then for boys in 2011 — partly to reduce the spread of HPV to girls. Vaccination rates have risen very slowly, and health officials have lamented the underuse of a potent cancer prevention tool. Too many doctors have been timid about promoting the shots, experts say. That’s at least partly because some parents have worried the vaccination seems like they are greenlighting their kids to have sex. But the onerous schedule sure didn’t help. “I think it was the icing on the cake” for parents already hesitant about HPV shots, said William Schaffner, a vaccines expert at Vanderbilt University. Until recently, there were three HPV vaccines on the market. Now there’s only one — Merck & Co.‘s Gardasil 9. This month, the company stopped selling an older version. GlaxoSmithKline phased out its vaccine, Cervarix, in the U.S. because of poor sales. In other news, the CDC on Wednesday also reported that infections from three sexually spread diseases — chlamydia, gonorrhea and syphilis — reached another new high last year. Chlamydia was the most common. More than 1.5 million cases were reported in the U.S. last year, up 6 percent from the year before. Nearly 400,000 gonorrhea cases were reported, up 13 percent. And there were about 24,000 cases of the most contagious forms of syphilis, up 19 percent. The three infections are treatable with antibiotics. Officials at the CDC say part of the growth may be due to better testing and diagnosis, but much of it is a real increase. They’re not sure why. An estimated 20 million cases of sexually transmitted infections occur each year in the U.S. Merck & Co Inc - GlaxoSmithKline - United States - North America - Centers for Disease Control and Prevention - United States government Sign up for free newsletters and get more of the Post-Gazette delivered to your inbox Most Read Most Emailed Advertisement Most Commented Your e-mail: Your Name: Friends e-mail: Friends Name: Message: Captcha Submit Advertisement Create a free PG account. Register - FREE Already have an account? Login Subscribe to the PG Subscribe Customize your free Newsletter Preferences Email Preferences Advertisement Advertisement Pittsburgh Post-Gazette HOME NEWS LOCAL SPORTS OPINION A & E LIFE BUSINESS VIDEO PHOTO CLASSIFIEDS JOBS CIRCULARS CARS REAL ESTATE PG STORE WEDDINGS Email Newsletters Contact Us Site Map Media Kit About Us RSS Feeds Corrections Technical Help? Products & Services Terms of Use Privacy Policy PG Sites: Sports Blogs PowerSource Staff Blogs Community Voices Early Returns Sportstown Pittsburgh Mom The Digs Special Projects Plate Pets Social Media: Twitter:   News   Customer Care Facebook Pinterest Google+ Print: Back Copies Become a carrier FAQ Home Delivery Newsstand Rates   Electronic: PGe Copyright © 1997—2016 PG Publishing Co., Inc. All Rights Reserved.
Dienstag, 15.11.2016 Börsentäglich über 12.000 News von 551 internationalen Medien Indizes Kurs % News 24 h / 7 T Aufrufe 7 Tage Aktien Kurs % News 24 h / 7 T Aufrufe 7 Tage Xetra-Orderbuch Devisen Kurs % Rohstoffe Kurs % Passende Knock-Outs zu Ihrer Suchanfrage (Anzeige) Erweiterte Suche Ad hoc-Mitteilungen Startseite Nachrichten Aktienkurse Fonds Anleihen Derivate Rohstoffe Devisen Watchlist Aufklappen Schliessen Nachrichten»Novel Drugs and Devices to Lower Intraocular Pressure Market, 2026 - Research and Markets 19.10.2016 | 22:11 (2 Leser) Schrift ändern: (0 Bewertungen) PR Newswire·Mehr Nachrichten von PR Newswire Novel Drugs and Devices to Lower Intraocular Pressure Market, 2026 - Research and Markets DUBLIN, October 19, 2016 /PRNewswire/ -- Research and Markets has announced the addition of the "Novel Drugs and Devices to Lower Intraocular Pressure, 2016 - 2026" report to their offering. The Novel Drugs and Devices to Lower Intraocular Pressure, 2016 - 2026' report provides an extensive study of the emerging market of such novel drugs, devices and surgical procedures for the treatment of elevated IOP. The focus of this study is on the applications of these novel treatment options, both marketed and under development, and their likely mid to long term evolution. These treatment options claim to provide consistent benefits related to IOP lowering and are anticipated to gain widespread adoption in the foreseen future. The report covers various aspects of this market; some of these are outlined below: - A detailed assessment of the current market landscape of novel drugs and devices, key players involved, the status of development of various pipeline products and the target patient segments. - Comprehensive profiles covering mechanism of action, clinical trial details and associated developments of Rho-associated protein kinase (ROCK) inhibitors, ROCK / norepinephrine transporter (NET) inhibitors and NO donating prostaglandins in late stage of development. - Comprehensive profiles highlighting the IOP reduction approach, key performance drivers, safety and efficacy of novel surgical procedures that have been approved or are in advanced stages of development. - Comparative analysis of MIGS devices based on various parameters such as drainage route, length of the implant, involvement of conjunctiva, type of procedure (ab interno or ab externo), procedure duration and ability of the device to treat 360 degrees. - An informed view on the likely future evolution of such novel drugs, sustained release drug delivery devices and surgical procedures over the next decade. This includes sales forecasts of six novel drugs, including Rhopressa, Roclatan and Vesneo. Similarly, we have presented our view on the future market size of six drug delivery devices, including Bimatoprost SR, OTX-TP and punctal plug delivery system. We have also determined the likely future revenues for MIGS and non-MIGS surgical devices (BAGS, ABS, NIGP and NPGS). To account for the uncertainties in the market, we have provided three market forecast scenarios that represent three different tracks of the market's evolution. Given the current unmet need for safer and more effective therapeutic options and the rich pipeline of novel drugs and devices, we expect this market to witness significant growth in the coming few years. Opinions and insights presented in this study were influenced by discussions conducted with several key players in this domain. The report features detailed transcripts of interviews held with Bob Butchofsky (Founder and CEO, Mati Therapeutics), Suzana Nahum Zilberberg (CEO, Bio-Light Life Sciences), Ronen Castro (CEO, IOPtima) and Donald Schwartz (CEO and President, Eye Sonix). Key Topics Covered: 1. Preface 2. Executive Summary 3. Introduction 4. Market Landscape: Novel Drugs 5. Market Landscape: Novel Devices 6. Company And Drug Profiles 7. Company And Device Profiles 8. Market Forecast 9. MIGS Devices: Comparative Spider Web Analysis 10. Conclusion 11. Interview Transcripts 12. Appendix 1: Tabulated Data 13. Appendix 2: List Of Companies And Organizations Companies Mentioned AC Immune ACADIA Pharmaceuticals Acorn Biomedical Actavis Aerie Pharmaceuticals Alcon Laboratories Alcon Research Allegro Investment Fun Allergan Allysta Pharmaceuticals Alta Partners Altacor Amakem Therapeutics Amgen Amorphex Therapeutics Amoun Pharmaceutical AqueSys Ascension Health Ventures Ascension Ventures AYUMI Pharmaceutical Bascom Palmer Eye Institute Bausch & Lomb Bayer Beaver-Visitec International Belgian Investment Federal Fund BioAxone BioSciences Bio-Light Life Sciences BioWin Caisse de depot et placement du Quebec Can-Fite BioPharma Capricorn Health-Tech Fund NV Care Capital Clarus Ventures Coherent Coronis Partners Cristalens Crown Venture Fund D. Western Therapeutics Institute D.O.R.C. International Deerfield Management Company Delphi Ventures Dendreon Device Technologies Devon Park Bioventures EDBI Ellex Ellex iScience Envisia Therapeutics Ergo-Prevent EVS Glaucoma Therapeutics Eye Sonix Eye Tech Care Financiere Spin-off Luxembourgeoise (INVESTSUD Group) Fond Européen des Matériaux Foresite Capital Forest Laboratories ForSight VISION5 Fuji Laboratory GBS Ventures GlaucoPharm Glaukos Glautec Graybug Vision Handok Healionics Corporation Hercules Technology Growth Capital Hicks Equity Partners Horizon Technology Finance Corporation Hospital Clinico San Carlos Hoya Group Icon Bioscience InMed Pharmaceuticals InnFocus Innovative Therapie und Diagnostik GmbH Inotek Pharmaceuticals InSite Vision International Medical Distribution InView Medical IOPtima Iridex Corporation Isarna Therapeutics iScience Interventional Iskowitz Instrumental SRL Ivantis iSTAR Medical Kadmon Kala Pharmaceuticals Kowa Company Leo Lens Technology Lexicon Pharmaceuticals Makina Optik Ticaret Marathon Mati Therapeutics McGee Eye Institute MedImmune Ventures Medisurg Meditor Capital Management MemorialCare Innovation Fund Merck & Co. MicroOptx Medical Miller School of Medicine Mitsubishi UFJ Capital Namur Invest - Preface NEMUS Bioscience Neomedix New Enterprise Associates New World Medical NicOx Novaliq GmbH Novartis Ocular Therapeutix Oculis Pharma OftalMedica srl OHR Pharmaceutical Ono Pharmaceuticals OphthaliX Ophthalmos Osage University Otsuka Pharmaceutical Oxford BioMedica Palobiofarma Peregrine Ophthalmic Pfizer Pioneer Pharma Pitango Venture Capital New Enterprise Associates (NEA) Polyactiva pSivida Radikal Therapeutics Ramot at Tel Aviv University Regeneron Replenish Rheon Medical Rho Ventures Roche Rosellini Scientific Benelux Saints Capital Everest Salix Sanoculis Sanofi Santen Pharmaceutical Scientific Health Development Partners Senju Pharmaceutical Shire Showa Yakuhin Sight Sciences Société Régionale d'Investissement de Wallonie (SRIW) Sofinnova Ventures SOLX STAAR Surgical Sun Pharma company Sylentis Technomix SA Tisbury Pharmaceuticals Tokyo New Drug Research Laboratories TPG Biotech Transcend Medical Ube Industries University of Miami University of Oklahoma University of Washington Valeant Pharmaceuticals International Vertex Ventures Wakamoto Yotsuya Shirato Eye Clinic For more information about this report visit http://www.researchandmarkets.com/research/ls4299/novel_drugs_and Media Contact: Research and Markets Laura Wood, Senior Manager press@researchandmarkets.com For E.S.T Office Hours Call +1-917-300-0470 For U.S./CAN Toll Free Call +1-800-526-8630 For GMT Office Hours Call +353-1-416-8900 U.S. Fax: 646-607-1907 Fax (outside U.S.): +353-1-481-1716 © 2016 PR Newswire Sie erhalten auf FinanzNachrichten.de kostenlose Realtime-Aktienkurse von  und  mit der Push-Technologie von   Wie bewerten Sie die aktuell angezeigte Seite?sehr gut123456schlechtProblem melden Google+ Seite Nachrichten • Aktienkurse • DAX • Xetra-Orderbuch • Watchlist Ad hoc-Mitteilungen • Nachrichten Börsen • Aktien-Empfehlungen Branchen • Medien • Nachrichten-Archiv Impressum | AGB | Disclaimer • Presse • Mediadaten RSS-News von FinanzNachrichten.de kostenlos für Ihren Browser und Ihre Homepage
2 Desktop notifications are on   | Turn off Get breaking news alerts from The Washington Post Turn on desktop notifications? Yes Not now It looks like you've previously blocked notifications. Please update your browser permissions to allow them. Sections Sign In Username Subscribe Home Page Politics PowerPost The Fix White House Courts and Law Polling Monkey Cage Fact Checker Post Politics Blog Opinions The Post's View Toles Cartoons Telnaes Animations Local Opinions Global Opinions Letters to the Editor Act Four All Opinions Are Local Book Party Compost Erik Wemple Five Myths In Theory The Plum Line PostEverything PostPartisan Rampage Right Turn The Watch Volokh Conspiracy The Missing Debate Sports Redskins NFL MLB NBA NHL AllMetSports Soccer Boxing/MMA College Sports College Football College Basketball D.C. Sports Bog Early Lead Fancy Stats Golf Tennis Fantasy Sports Local D.C. Maryland Virginia Public Safety Education Obituaries Transportation Weather National Acts of Faith Health and Science National Security Investigations Morning Mix Post Nation Obituaries World Africa The Americas Asia and Pacific Europe Middle East National Security WorldViews Checkpoint Business Wonkblog On Leadership Personal Finance Digger Energy and Environment Markets On Small Business World Business Capital Business Tech Innovations On I.T. The Switch Lifestyle Arts and Entertainment Advice Carolyn Hax Food Travel Wellness Magazine Home and Garden Inspired Life Fashion KidsPost On Parenting Reliable Source The Intersect Solo-ish Entertainment Books Comics Comic Riffs Going Out Guide Horoscopes Movies Museums Music Puzzles and Games Theater and Dance TV Restaurants Bars & Clubs Crosswords Video World Top News Entertainment Local Popular Video Politics Live Sports Opinions National Business Technology Style Photography In Sight Washington Post Live Events Live Chats Real Estate Rentals Where We Live Recently Sold Homes Cars Jobs Classifieds Partners Express El Tiempo Latino Parade WP BrandStudio washingtonpost.com 1996-2016 The Washington Post Terms of Service Privacy Policy Submissions and Discussion Policy RSS Terms of Service Ad Choices Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on Google Plus Share via Email Share on LinkedIn Share on Pinterest Share on Tumblr Resize Text Print Article Comments The inside track on Washington politics. Be the first to know about new stories from PowerPost. Sign up to follow, and we’ll e-mail you free updates as they’re published. You’ll receive free e-mail news updates each time a new story is published. You’re all set! Sign up *Invalid email address Got it Got it To Your Health CDC now recommends just two HPV vaccine doses for preteens The inside track on Washington politics. Be the first to know about new stories from PowerPost. Sign up to follow, and we’ll e-mail you free updates as they’re published. You’ll receive free e-mail news updates each time a new story is published. You’re all set! Sign up *Invalid email address Got it Got it By Laurie McGinley October 19 Follow @lauriemcginley2 A doctor in Chicago holds the human papillomavirus (HPV) vaccine Gardasil. (Charles Rex Arbogast/AP) Children who start getting vaccinated against human papillomavirus before 15 need only two doses, the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention decided Wednesday. Its previous recommendation was for a three-shot regimen, but studies have shown that two doses work just as well. Experts predict that the simpler, more flexible timeline will result in higher rates of HPV vaccination, which has lagged among both girls and boys. The Advisory Committee on Immunization Practices, which counsels the CDC on the nation’s vaccine schedule, voted Wednesday for the change. Several hours later, CDC Director Tom Frieden accepted the panel's action. Under the new schedule, the first of two doses of the HPV vaccine should be administered at 11 or 12, although it could be given as early as 9, as under the previous guidance. The second dose would be administered six to 12 months after the first dose. [Cancer doctors press pediatricians and parents to have children vaccinated with the HPV vaccine] The new recommendation does not apply to adolescents who begin getting vaccinated after they turn 15. They should still get three shots over a six-month period, the panel said. The HPV vaccine prevents cervical, vaginal, anal, and head and neck cancers, as well as precancerous lesions and genital warts. The most widely used vaccine is Gardasil, manufactured by Merck. The rate of HPV inoculation, while increasing in the past year or so, remains below that of other childhood vaccines. Last year, for example, about half of boys ages 13 to 17 had gotten at least one of the recommended three doses, while about 63 percent of girls had gotten at least one dose, according to the CDC. Cancer experts and public health officials hope a two-shot regimen will boost those figures. “By reducing the number of doses needed to complete HPV vaccination, it should lead to an increase in the percentage of eligible boys and girls who get vaccinated,” said Douglas Lowy, acting director of the National Cancer Institute. Lowy and his NCI colleague John Schiller developed the technology that underlies the HPV vaccine. The CDC says that about 80 million Americans are infected with HPV; in most cases, the immune system clears the infection. Still, more than 38,000 cases of HPV-associated cancers occur in the United States every year. The vaccine is recommended for preteens to ensure protection before they are potentially exposed to the virus by sexual contact. Approved more than a decade ago, it has long been controversial. Some critics have raised safety concerns, while others have suggested that inoculating preteens and adolescents might encourage them to become sexually active early. Subsequent research, however, has shown both issues to be groundless. Here's why the Center for Disease Control is pushing the flu shot this year. (Monica Akhtar/The Washington Post) Read more: Boys' HPV vaccination rate surges Merck HPV ads guilt-trip parents into getting their kids vaccinated Ten ways to speed progress against cancer national health-science to-your-health Dallas shooting updates News and analysis on the deadliest day for police since 9/11. post_newsletter353 follow-dallas false after3th false Please provide a valid email address. Sign up You’re all set! See all newsletters national health-science to-your-health Orlando Shooting Updates News and analysis on the deadliest mass shooting in U.S. history. post_newsletter348 follow-orlando false endOfArticle false Please provide a valid email address. Sign up You’re all set! See all newsletters Comments  Share on FacebookShare   Share on TwitterTweet Share via Email Laurie McGinley covers health and medicine for The Washington Post. Follow @lauriemcginley2 Show Comments Discussion Policy 0 Comments SuperFan Badge SuperFan badge holders consistently post smart, timely comments about Washington area sports and teams. More about badges | Request a badge Culture Connoisseur Badge Culture Connoisseurs consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on the arts, lifestyle and entertainment. More about badges | Request a badge Fact Checker Badge Fact Checkers contribute questions, information and facts to The Fact Checker. More about badges | Request a badge Washingtologist Badge Washingtologists consistently post thought-provoking, timely comments on events, communities, and trends in the Washington area. More about badges | Request a badge Post Writer Badge This commenter is a Washington Post editor, reporter or producer. Post Forum Badge Post Forum members consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on politics, national and international affairs. More about badges | Request a badge Weather Watcher Badge Weather Watchers consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on climates and forecasts. More about badges | Request a badge World Watcher Badge World Watchers consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on international affairs. More about badges | Request a badge Post Contributor Badge This commenter is a Washington Post contributor. Post contributors aren’t staff, but may write articles or columns. In some cases, contributors are sources or experts quoted in a story. More about badges | Request a badge Post Recommended Washington Post reporters or editors recommend this comment or reader post. You must be logged in to report a comment. Sign in here You must be logged in to recommend a comment. Sign in here Comments our editors find particularly useful or relevant are displayed in Top Comments, as are comments by users with these badges: . Replies to those posts appear here, as well as posts by staff writers. All comments are posted in the All Comments tab. More about badges Get a badge To pause and restart automatic updates, click "Live" or "Paused". If paused, you'll be notified of the number of additional comments that have come in. Comments our editors find particularly useful or relevant are displayed in Top Comments, as are comments by users with these badges: . Replies to those posts appear here, as well as posts by staff writers. Spam Offensive Disagree Off-Topic Among the criteria for featured comments: likes by users, replies by users, previous history of valuable commenting, and selection by moderators. Facebook Twitter Reddit StumbleUpon Digg Delicious Sign up for email updates from the "Confronting the Caliphate" series. You have signed up for the "Confronting the Caliphate" series. ✕ Thank you for signing up You'll receive e-mail when new stories are published in this series. Most Read 1 The startling rise in oral cancer in men, and what it says about our changing sexual habits 2 ‘I’ve never seen anything like that': Confederate flags at California Veterans Day parade 3 A giant reservoir that supplies a California county’s drinking water is nearly empty 4 New statin guidelines: Everyone 40 and older should be considered for the drug therapy 5 Shaving one morning, he felt a small lump under his jaw. It wasn’t just a lump. Our Online Games Play right from this page Mahjongg Dimensions Strategy game Spider Solitaire Card game Daily Crossword Word game national health-science to-your-health Success! Check your inbox for details. Please enter a valid email address You might also like: Sign Up No Thanks See all newsletters washingtonpost.com © 1996-2016 The Washington Post   Help and Contact Us Terms of Service Privacy Policy Print Products Terms of Sale Digital Products Terms of Sale Submissions and Discussion Policy RSS Terms of Service Ad Choices Close video player Now Playing More from The Post
Benzinga Benzinga Pro Marketfy Financial Data & APIs Fintech Awards Membership is Free What are you waiting for? Sign up now! Username: Username available! Username taken! Email: Email available! Email taken! Password: Leave blank: OR Free Account Login Click here to access your premium account Username or email: Password: OR Forgot password?' Looking for ? CLICK HERE Contribute Login Sign up Benzinga - Feed Your Mind. Home Best of Benzinga Careers About Contact Us Partners Benzinga Fintech Awards News Earnings Guidance Dividends M&A Buybacks Legal Interviews Management Retail Sales Offerings IPOs Insider Trades Biotech/FDA Markets Pre-Market After Hours Movers Forex Commodities Options Binary Options Bonds Futures Global Economics Previews Reviews Small-Cap Ratings Analyst Color Downgrades Upgrades Initiations Price Target Ideas Long Ideas Short Ideas Technicals From The Press Jim Cramer Rumors ETFs Tech Start-Ups Fintech Personal Finance Premium Products My Watchlist Earnings Guidance Dividends M&A Buybacks Legal Interviews Management Retail Sales Offerings IPOs Insider Trades Biotech/FDA Market Overview Tickers Articles Keywords Search by keyword...googlecse Fed Speakers And Beige Book, Bank Earnings, Rising Crude Take Center Stage The Ticker Tape , TD Ameritrade   {{following ? "Following" : "Follow"}} October 19, 2016 12:38pm   Comments Share: Related MS Todd Gordon's Morgan Stanley Trade: Election Volatility Technical Alert: Morgan Stanley Tests Resistance IBD 50 Names Rise Big With Market, But Conditions Still Challenging (Investor's Business Daily) Another morning and another big bank with a blowout earnings report. But the overall market doesn’t seem to be getting much of a boost from the news. This time the bank is Morgan Stanley (NYSE: MS), which reported a sharp jump in trading revenue, following in the path of other banks reporting so far. While MS took center stage first thing, it looks to be a busy day in the markets, with a string of earnings reports, the Fed’s Beige Book release, and Fed speakers on the prowl. Stocks were just a little above unchanged early. Each of the major banks reporting so far this earnings season came in with big leaps in trading revenue, and MS was no exception. Bond trading at MS rose 61%, and it appears the business got a lift from demand centered around a possible Fed rate hike and concerns about the effects of Brexit. Overall, MS reported earnings of 81 cents a share, easily surpassing Wall Street analyst consensus of 63 cents. Revenue climbed 15% to $8.91 billion, compared with projections of $8.13 billion. Financials continue to do well, and that includes regional banks, too, with U.S. Bancorp (NYSE: USB) also reporting earnings that exceeded expectations early Wednesday. Fixed income trading is adding to banks’ bottom lines after many years of struggle, and that may be a good sign not just for big banks but for market participants overall. After the close Wednesday, stay on the lookout for more earnings from some key companies, (see below). About 20% of S&P 500 companies report this week, so this week and next really represent the true heart of earnings season. Investors may want to look beyond earnings today to monitor what Fed officials have to say. San Francisco Fed President John Williams is scheduled to speak about diversity in the financial system in Newark, N.J., at 8:45 a.m. ET, while Dallas Fed President Rob Kaplan will make a speech in Fort Worth, Texas, at 1:30 p.m. On Wednesday evening, New York Fed President William Dudley will speak in New York. Odds of a December rate hike remained at close to 70% early Wednesday, according to Fed funds futures at the CME Group. And don’t forget to keep an eye out for overseas central bank news Thursday, when the European Central Bank (ECB) holds a meeting to discuss its monetary policy program. The Fed is scheduled to release its Beige Book at 2 p.m. ET today, offering a look at how U.S. regional economies are performing. The thing to look for there is whether we’re seeing a consistent message in terms of business conditions improving. Crude oil futures stayed above $50 a barrel after the American Petroleum Institute (API) reported a 3.8 million barrel decline in U.S. crude supplies for the week ended Oct. 14. That was in contrast to analysts’ estimates for a rise of 2.5 million barrels, MarketWatch reported, and may reinforce concerns expressed by some analysts earlier this week that supplies aren’t rising as quickly as normal heading into the last months of the year. Nevertheless, crude didn’t seem to be giving the stock market much of a boost, despite the correlation being back between crude and the S&P 500 Index (SPX). The Energy Information Administration’s (EIA) weekly supply data is scheduled for later today. In the energy sector, Halliburton Company (NYSE: HAL) reported better than expected earnings, which could mean that stronger crude oil prices may improve prospects for energy companies overall, something to watch as earnings season continues. Health Care In Recovery Room: The embattled health care sector, the weakest-performing sector year to date with a 3.6% loss, was back on its feet Tuesday, jumping more than 1% to lead all sectors thanks in part to earnings results from some big names. Among these were UnitedHealth Group Inc (NYSE: UNH) and Johnson & Johnson (NYSE: JNJ). Both exceeded analysts’ expectations, and UNH got a particular boost from the strong performance of its health benefits business. JNJ reported strong sales of its pharmaceutical products and raised guidance. Other than these two, and Abbott Laboratories (NYSE: ABT), which reports Wednesday, this week seems relatively quiet from the health care earnings standpoint. Investors with their eyes on health care may want to stay tuned for next week, with earnings from Baxter International Inc (NYSE: BAX) and Merck & Co., Inc. (NYSE: MRK) scheduled for Tuesday. Health care has been under pressure lately, in part due to the coming presidential election. Concerns are building about how each candidate might change health policy if they win. Biotech has been especially hard hit the last few weeks. Earnings to Watch Wednesday and Later This Week: This afternoon, stay on the lookout for earnings from some consumer names, including eBay Inc (NASDAQ: EBAY), Mattel, Inc. (NASDAQ: MAT), and American Express Company (NYSE: AXP). The early earnings news has been dominated by financials, but now we may start getting a look at how consumers did during the quarter. One of the bigger companies catering directly to consumers is McDonald’s Corporation (NYSE: MCD), and that behemoth reports before the open Friday. Another key company with earnings on the way later this week is General Electric Company (NYSE: GE), also on Friday morning. Analysts polled by Briefing.com now expect MCD to exceed its year ago earnings per share, with the consensus estimate at $1.48, vs. $1.40 a year ago. But analysts see GE’s earnings per share dropping to 30 cents, down from 32 cents a year ago. Inflation Stays Muted; What are Rate Implications? Though it was almost lost amid all the earnings reports this week, the Consumer Price Index (CPI) for September came out Tuesday basically as analysts had expected, showing 0.3% growth overall but only 0.1% for core CPI excluding energy and food. Seeing the total figure go up 0.3% is no surprise, because energy prices rose last month. Looking at the core figure, it’s on the positive side of the ledger, which is good from the Fed’s perspective, but perhaps still not as high as the Fed might like. And the core reading was actually down from August’s 0.3%. The Fed has said its target is for 2% annual inflation growth, though it also monitors inflation indicators other than CPI. The overall CPI was up 1.5% year over year in September, the biggest year-over-year jump in nearly two years. And core CPI rose 2.2% year-over-year. What do these inflation figures mean when it comes to interest rates? It might be interesting to see if today’s Fed speakers have anything to say on the topic.   TD Ameritrade and all third parties mentioned are separate and unaffiliated companies, and are not responsible for each other’s policies or services. Inclusion of specific security names in this commentary does not constitute a recommendation from TD Ameritrade to buy, sell, or hold. Market volatility, volume, and system availability may delay account access and trade executions. Past performance of a security or strategy does not guarantee future results or success. Options are not suitable for all investors as the special risks inherent to options trading may expose investors to potentially rapid and substantial losses. Options trading subject to TD Ameritrade review and approval. Please read Characteristics and Risks of Standardized Options before investing in options. Supporting documentation for any claims, comparisons, statistics, or other technical data will be supplied upon request. The information is not intended to be investment advice or construed as a recommendation or endorsement of any particular investment or investment strategy, and is for illustrative purposes only. Be sure to understand all risks involved with each strategy, including commission costs, before attempting to place any trade. Clients must consider all relevant risk factors, including their own personal financial situations, before trading. TD Ameritrade, Inc., member FINRA/SIPC. TD Ameritrade is a trademark jointly owned by TD Ameritrade IP Company, Inc. and The Toronto-Dominion Bank. © 2016 TD Ameritrade IP Company, Inc. All rights reserved. Used with permission. Posted-In: Earnings News Events Global Econ #s Economics Markets ETFs © 2016 Benzinga.com. Benzinga does not provide investment advice. All rights reserved.   Related Articles (ABT + AXP) Warren Buffett On A Trump White House: America Will Persevere Alere And The Terrible, Horrible, No Good, Very Bad Day Big Pharma Is Fighting Legalized Marijuana Any Way It Can Q3 Credit Card Showdown: Capital One Vs. Discover Card 6 Big Pharma Companies Left To Report September Quarterly Figures Your Credit Card Earnings Cheat Sheet View Comments and Join the Discussion! View the discussion thread. Sign up for email alerts on UNH Trending Recent 1 TREE, GOOGL: 'Trump And Dump' Scenarios As The Post-Election Rally Fades 2 NVDA: Nvidia's Big Win: Post-Earnings Sell-Side Sentiment 3 BAC, FB: The Trump Market Is Killing A Couple Of Popular Trading St... 4 BABA: Bob Peck Reviews A Record Singles' Day For Alibaba 5 PFE, WFM: Barron's Picks And Pans: Trump Stocks, Th... 6 DIS: The Disney Story Just Became All About 2018 7 ABV, SAM: Reads For The Weed-Kend: Beyond Mar... 1 GXC, FXI: China Markets Rise; Yuan Down Versus Dollar 2 EPP, EWJ: Japanese Markets Gain Following Strong GDP Report 3 NVDA: Nvidia's Big Win: Post-Earnings Sell-Side Sentiment 4 BAC, PG: The Trump Market Is Killing A Couple Of Popular Tradi... 5 BREW, MO: Reads For The Weed-Kend: Beyond Marijuana Sto... 6 CSX, MO: Barron's Picks And Pans: Trump St... 7 HD, TGT: High Earnings Expectations For... View upcoming Earnings, Ratings, Dividend and Economic Calendars. Benzinga Benzinga is a fast-growing, dynamic and innovative financial media outlet that empowers investors with high-quality, unique content. Popular Channels Analyst Ratings Be Your Own Boss ETFs Economics Forex Hot News Options Press Releases Start-ups Tech Tools & Features Affiliate Program Feeds News Widget Real Time Feed Sitemap Submit News Tips About Benzinga About Us Licensing and APIs Apps (iOS and Android) Fintech Awards Blog In the News Careers Contact Us Disclaimer Privacy Policy Syndication Terms and Conditions Benzinga Partners 1 (877) 440-9464 (ZING) © Copyright Benzinga Benzinga - Feed Your Mind News Markets Ratings Ideas Tech Small-Cap Personal Finance Premium Products Jim Cramer Says Tim Cook Should Be Calling The NFL For An iPad Deal 15 Biggest Mid-Day Losers For Wednesday
  Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Wires Home My Profile Logout Login Feedback DailyMail NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad Preteens need only 2 HPV shots _ not 3, CDC says By Associated Press Published: 19:27 EST, 19 October 2016 | Updated: 19:27 EST, 19 October 2016 e-mail NEW YORK (AP) — It's now easier for preteens to get the cervical cancer vaccine. The government on Wednesday quickly adopted a recommendation that preteens get two shots instead of three and space them further apart. Health officials hope that will boost the number of girls and boys who get vaccinated. "It will be simpler now for parents to get their kids the HPV vaccine series, and protect their kids from HPV cancers," said Dr. Nancy Messonnier of the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention. This image made available by Merck in October 2016 shows a vial and package for their GARDASIL 9 human papillomavirus vaccine. On Wednesday, Oct. 19, 2016, a government panel said preteens need only get two doses of HPV vaccine instead of three _ a move some hope will raise languishing HPV vaccination rates. Health officials say fewer than a third of 13-year-old U.S. boys and girls get all the necessary shots to protect them against human papillomaviruses (Merck via AP) The vaccine protects against human papillomavirus — or HPV — which can cause cervical cancer, certain other cancers and genital warts. It is commonly spread through sex and, in most cases, the virus doesn't cause any problems. But some infections gradually lead to cancer. Health officials want kids to get HPV vaccinations at age 11 or 12, well before most first have sex and before they could be infected. But less than one-third of 13-year-old U.S. boys and girls have gotten three doses. Busy parents have struggled with the old schedule, which called for three trips to the doctor within six months. "I know people who say 'I can't do that. Why even start?'" said Cynthia Pellegrini, a March of Dimes official who sits on the panel. Recent studies have shown two doses of the current HPV vaccine — Gardasil 9 — work just as well in kids ages 9 to 14. The Food and Drug Administration two weeks ago said it could be given in two doses. What's more, two doses apparently work better when spaced six to 12 months apart. That means they could be given at annual checkups. The Advisory Committee on Immunization Practices made the recommendation at a meeting in Atlanta. The panel stuck with three doses for anyone who doesn't get their first shot until they turn 15. That's because they didn't have enough data on how well two doses worked in older kids. The vaccine was first recommended in 2006 for girls, and then for boys in 2011 — partly to reduce the spread of HPV to girls. Vaccination rates have risen very slowly, and health officials have lamented the underuse of a potent cancer prevention tool. Too many doctors have been timid about promoting the shots, experts say. That's at least partly because some parents have worried the vaccination seems like they are greenlighting their kids to have sex. But the onerous schedule sure didn't help. "I think it was the icing on the cake" for parents already hesitant about HPV shots, said Dr. William Schaffner, a vaccines expert at Vanderbilt University. Until recently, there were three HPV vaccines on the market. Now there's only one — Merck & Co.'s Gardasil 9. This month, the company stopped selling an older version. GlaxoSmithKline phased out its vaccine, Cervarix, in the U.S. because of poor sales. Share or comment on this article e-mail Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article. Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail     DON'T MISS 'She's modified her face beyond all recognition!' Carol Vorderman, 55, stuns viewers after exhibiting 'frozen' complexion on I'm A Celeb It's getting hot in here! Ola Jordan shows off her dancer's body in tiny red bikini as she hits the jungle shower with Sam Quek and Scarlett Moffatt on I'm a Celeb Carol Vorderman, 55, strips down to a VERY racy swimsuit on I'm A Celeb...as 'happily single' star tells campmates 'I do alright' when it comes to men She looks to be doing just fine! Kim Kardashian's friend shares rare photo of reality star recluse as she dresses up in belly dancer costume for fun Ashley James puts on a eye-popping display in an itsy-bitsy bikini as she soaks up the sun on the beach in Ibiza Making the most of the sun 'It's me or the wardrobe!' Frankie Gaff gives Jamie Laing an ultimatum. He found living with her and her 'floordrobe' too much to bear on Made In Chelsea, by Jim Shelley  Cor (rie) blimey! Helen Flanagan showcases her incredible figure in a racy cut-out bikini as she holidays in Dubai with boyfriend Scott Sinclair Chloe Ferry reportedly FIRED from Geordie Shore after 'kicking new housemate Zahida Allen in the head'  The 21-year-old was shown the door Now that's a lesson in style! Myleene Klass exposes her cleavage in plunging jumpsuit as she leads the red carpet glamour at School of Rock press night She's proud of that booty! Khloe Kardashian flaunts her derriere as she does squats at the gym Taking after her bigger sister (in both senses) Real men wear pink! Brooklyn Beckham follows in his mother Victoria's fashionable footsteps as he makes a statement with pink beanie hat Frankie Bridge is the picture of elegance in plunging patterned gown at Virgin awards... after her husband Wayne makes I'm A Celebrity debut PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Tom Hiddleston steps out with a pretty blonde Taylor Swift lookalike... two months after split with pop star Flashed a beaming grin She needs a nap! Pregnant Marion Cotillard looks weary during LA dinner after tirelessly promoting Brad Pitt WWII film Allied Struggling Holly Willoughby is close to tears on This Morning as a distraught mother breaks down over her son's planned suicide during bullying phone-in The Eighties called! Sheridan Smith is unrecognisable as a busty brunette on set of the movie adaptation of comic Jo Brand's book As schizophrenic mum Newly-engaged Pixie Lott can barely contain her glee as she heads to jewellers hours after fiancé Oliver Cheshire popped the question What a gem!  Emma Watson stars as Belle in the first trailer for Disney's long-awaited live action remake of Beauty And The Beast Looks stunning Choosing her prince wasn't ALWAYS such an easy choice! Meghan Markle giggles as she is asked to pick either William or Harry months before romance She's a good sport! Gigi Hadid tries her hand at table tennis as she makes a sweeping entrance at VIP dinner in stylish satin jumpsuit In high spirits 'Worst thing I've ever done': I'm A Celeb's Scarlett, Jordan, Ola and Sam do Bushtucker Trial featuring 120,000 critters... as Moffatt is voted in first From refurbished iPads to a good-as-new Sony PS4: Ways to save money on your children's gifts this Christmas (without any fewer smiles!) SPONSORED Make-up free Coleen Rooney flaunts her trim figure in semi-sheer mesh workout gear as she hits the gym Making the most of her free time Demure Dita! Burlesque extraordinaire Von Teese steps out in modest black polo neck and ornate silver skirt for evening in London Jessica Simpson's father Joe, 58, confirms he has prostate cancer and has already undergone surgery 'He's feeling great now and is optimistic' 'It's like we get a little bit of dad back': Bindi Irwin says she remembers her dad the best every time she puts on her Australia Zoo uniform Not very ladylike! Lady Victoria Hervey, 40, displays more than expected as she flashes perky assets when risqué swimsuit unfastens Dapper Brad Pitt takes selfies with adoring fans at Allied screening in China... as he returns to the public eye after split with Angelina Jolie In better spirits again 'She works really hard': X Factor's Sam Lavery defends Honey G after elimination... as rapper faces backlash for surviving ANOTHER week 'He's such a good man': Marion Cotillard gushes about Allied co-star Brad Pitt... after shooting down rumours of an on set romance Caught up in split Naomi Campbell speaks for the first time about what it means to be black and British and joins other famous stars who were told to limit their ambitions due to their skin colour Take that! Bella Hadid throws a punch as she works out in boxing class after split from The Weeknd Was snug in her black, oversize fuzzy jacket  Girl time! Bella Thorne and Demi Lovato don skinny jeans as they catch up over lunch at the trendy Urth Caffe They both have new romances 'I had a bit of a nervous breakdown' Ryan Reynolds admits secret battle with anxiety as he's named GQ's Man of the Year He's filming Deadpool Coy Khloe Kardashian attempts to go incognito in huge hoodie as she steps out in wake of Tristan Thompson split rumours  Looked glum 'I gave up my career for a really long time': Ayda Field admits she TURNED DOWN a major US TV show to be with husband Robbie Williams 'It was very romantic': Goldie Hawn gets VERY candid about her and Kurt Russell's sex life and discusses split with ex husband Bill Hudson In Aspen, Colorado,  'Fame is the best drug': Lady Gaga opens up about her addiction to stardom as she covers Harper's Bazaar She penned an open essay to the magazine Twice the star power! Madonna puckers up as she and Zac Efron take selfies together at UFC's Connor McGregor star-studded fight Lucky Star 20 years and counting! Ant and Dec sign new three-year deal with ITV marking a landmark anniversary with the channel and promising more I'm A Celeb and BGT until at least 2019 'It's really awkward': Girl On The Train star Haley Bennett on being constantly mistaken for Jennifer Lawrence There is an uncanny likeness 'I lost Jack': Natalie Portman is a heartbroken First Lady after JFK's assassination in emotionally charged trailer for Jackie Natalie Portman flatters her pregnant figure in a striped T-shirt as she runs errands A regular errand-running day, despite the relsease of a mega-bucks trailer Waiting on mom! Jennifer Garner grabs breakfast while Ben Affleck and son Samuel goof around in their car The amicable exes appeared to be relaxed  'I could write a book on back problems!': Duncan James confirms he is fit and well after sudden visit to A&E... five months after emergency surgery on his spine Post election blues: Alec Baldwin looks depressed as he strolls with family before accusing NBC of not allowing SNL to endorse Hillary Clinton Back to her Mean Girls roots! Lindsay Lohan shows off new red locks reminiscent of her infamous movie character in cosy Instagram selfie Showdown! Exes Justin Bieber and Selena Gomez will compete for Artist Of The Year at the American Music Awards On November 20 It's only three weeks old! Amber Rose can't hide her horror as her brand new $371k Rolls-Royce gets rear-ended 'It's awesome!' Hailee Steinfeld opens up about being part of Taylor Swift's squad as she flashes her bra for magazine cover Gave glimpse of her bra 'I felt isolated': Robbie Williams describes the roller coaster ride with drugs, drink and depression that almost killed him... as he gets tearful over his daughter Hat's the way to do it! TOWIE's George Harrison flaunts her enviably svelte figure in a sizzling cut-out monokini as she enjoys a beach break in Spain 'Let's keep fighting to make it a better world for our children': Katie Holmes shares rare photo of daughter Suri with powerful message A productive playdate 'Sort your jaw out!' Vicky Pattison is slammed for 'gurning' on I'm A Celeb Extra Camp... as she mistakes show for Xtra Factor in awkward blunder 'I'm heartbroken, but proud of myself': Daisy Lowe flashes her toned abs in a crop top as she puts on a brave face after Strictly elimination  Put on a brave face 'She's built like a woman': Tommy Hilfiger praises 'smart, funny and humble' Gigi Hadid as he shows off his luxury New York apartment  'The 80s are back!' Luke Hemsworth channels He-Man for retro birthday bash with brother Liam and Miley Cyrus Time is rolling back 'They eat and stargaze': Sean Penn gripes about celebs who attend his foundation's annual gala... but don't donate a cent Looking rugged Ariel Winter posts a VERY cheeky Instagram snap from her Mexican holiday with Levi Meaden and pals Certainly making a splash 'We had good gossip': Courtney Love reveals unlikely friendship with Hillary Clinton... after meeting as they got their hair cut at same salon They met in 1988 'Being right sucks': The Simpsons poke fun at themselves in opening credits of first episode since Trump's election after predicting his presidency 16 years ago Young And The Restless star Corey Sligh, 28, arrested for molesting a girl under the age of 10 in Georgia The arrest took place on October 14 in Georgia Pretty as a petal! Jaime King looks ultra feminine in romantic lace gown at intimate fashion dinner She was certainly the belle of the ball EXCLUSIVE: How Andy Cohen refused an invitation into Cher's bedroom and fuelleda feud between Mariah Carey and Jennifer Lopez Catherine Tyldesley flaunts her toned legs in skintight jeans as she presents radio show... after teasing Corrie's 'heartbreaking' Christmas storyline 'Why are you in, miss? You're a millionaire!' GBBO champ Candice Brown reveals pupils were shocked to see her return to her job as a PE teacher after win Off-duty beauty: Lottie Moss goes make-up free and rocks a casual outfit as she jets out of Barcelona after a girls' weekend  Bare faced chic She's a peach! Adriana Lima flaunts her lean bronzed limbs in pretty floral mini dress as she shops in Miami  Turned sidewalk into her catwalk Nick Knowles moves into estranged wife Jessica's home following 'traumatic' split 11 months ago... after admitting they 'are working through things' 'I've NEVER eaten a takeaway': Mary Berry shares her biggest foodie secrets (and reveals what husband Paul will be getting her for Christmas this year) Secrets of an A-list body: We reveal how YOU can get Mark Wahlberg's pecs The 45-year-old actor is renowned for his toned pecs LeAnn Rimes holds hands with husband Eddie Cibrian as they reunite with his ex-wife Brandi Glanville at son's soccer match Families united Ola Jordan keeps her lace dress ON as she sets up camp in I'm A Celeb... as jealous husband James warns about hitting on his 'firecracker' 'He has never taken responsibility for her': I'm A Celebrity's Larry Lamb 'has a secret daughter who he had at 21... and hasn't seen for 46 years'  'She just didn't even try': Former I'm A Celeb winner Charlie Brooks calls out Helen Flanagan for being 'the worst' campmate at bushtucker trials 'I don't know if it was dancing or a seizure': Cheeky Robbie Williams gives mother-in-law Gwen harsh critique as she dances to Pray on Loose Women Jesy Nelson is seen without her engagement ring AGAIN during Sydney trip... as speculation heightens over 'split' from fiancé Jake Roche PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Hilary Duff shows off her fit figure in a skimpy bikini while on holiday with boyfriend Jason Walsh in Puerto Vallarta  Feeling the heat 'There's so much I wish I could thank him for, just one last time': Leonard Cohen's son writes emotional tribute to his father following his death aged 82 Did Kendall Jenner quit Instagram? Model's account no longer available after ballerina outrage Following Kim's lead and taking a break? Jailed Apollo Nida set to return to Real Housewives Of Atlanta with his new FIANCEE (but what will Phaedra Parks say?) Serving eight years Millie Mackintosh shows off her abs in a berry bikini as she models for boyfriend Hugo Taylor's sunglasses line in Mauritius Wish you were here? Final plans for Leonardo DiCaprio's ultra-luxury private eco resort on 104-acre island off Belize are released  Bought in 2005 'It's been challenging, but like Alan Partridge, I'm bouncing back': Tony Blackburn opens up about returning to BBC radio months after being sacked  'She should be ashamed of herself!' Sharon Osbourne is slammed on Twitter as X Factor fans accuse her of changing her mind at the last minute In need of a drink? Simon Cowell clutches a bottle of beer as he leaves The X Factor with Lauren Silverman after Honey G survives ANOTHER week Getting the after-party started! Dita Von Teese, Dominic Cooper and Ophelia Lovibond let loose at the Evening Standard Theatre Awards Madonna's age gap... between her face and hand: Wrinkled mitts give away the singer's age as she attends UFC bout in New York  Unable to disguise age Chic Julia Roberts is every inch the stylish soccer mom in low-key skinny jeans and a hat as she cheers on her kids Low-key superstar 'You could bleed to death': Kris Jenner warns Kim Kardashian about seeking third natural pregnancy on KUWTK Hard to take in Chrissy Teigen oozes retro glamour in a super-plunging Seventies-style jumpsuit as Fergie goes for a sheer mini at intimate fashion dinner Lindsay Lohan at the centre of a battery case as 'two Russians assault a man accused of spreading rumours about her' More drama The People v OJ Simpson leads the way with six Critics' Choice Awards nominations... as Game Of Thrones gets five Booty-ful day at the beach! Larsa Pippen shows off her fit figure in plunging white swimsuit while sunbathing in Miami Kim K's BFF A head for heights! Carol Vorderman leads the way as she conquers terrifying 300ft walk above city in I'm A Celebrity's first Bushtucker Trial   Ultimate flashing champion! Newly-single Bella Hadid shows off her bra in sheer top as she goes hell for leather on way to Conor McGregor fight EXCLUSIVE: 'I didn't want to leave the house': Frankie Essex says fitness helped her combat depression... as she reveals remarkable weight loss in a bikini 'Who is voting for her?' Honey G faces fresh backlash as talented act Sam Lavery leaves and farcical X Factor rapper isn't even in bottom two Could she win? Wild thing! Busty Ashley James sets pulses racing in a barely-there leopard print bikini as she jets off to Malta Series of sizzling snaps Daisy Lowe misses out on Blackpool as she is voted off Strictly after a  dance off against Greg Rutherford... but Ed Balls sails through again in  Gangnam Style Khloe Kardashian posts cryptic Instagram message amid speculation she's split with new beau Tristan Thompson Over already? 'We never asked to be role models': Perrie Edwards says she feels 'pressure' to act responsibly as she joins Little Mix co-stars for sizzling photo shoot I'm a Celebrity... it's getting hot in here! Joel Dommett, Wayne Bridge and Adam Thomas flash their ripped chests in the first jungle shower of the season 'Larry Lamb for Bond!': Twitter left in hysterics as EastEnders star dives into swamp to save Scarlett Moffatt from canoe disaster on I'm A Celebrity PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Hilary buff! Ms Duff puts her sculpted physique on display in a studded bikini during Mexican holiday Let the sunshine! Biggest surprise ever': Pixie Lott reveals she's engaged to long-term love Oliver Cheshire as she shows off dazzling diamond ring on Instagram  Cruel... No not nature's predators - Sir David Attenborough. He used  'rape' of Snow Leopards to make viewers suffer in Planet Earth II, writes JIM SHELLEY  'If your ex has been an a***hole, it's nice to belittle them': Little Mix stars get candid about faking orgasms and shaming former boyfriends in song 'I thought my life would be normal': Hollywood megastar Goldie Hawn says she only ever wanted to get married, have children and run a dance school  Lily Donaldson shows off her cleavage and legs in a daring dress with thigh-high slit at star-studded Evening Standard Theatre Awards Elizabeth Hurley wows in a plunging black dress as she's joined by her very dapper son Damian, 14, for a night at the Evening Standard Theatre Awards  Still part of the family! Billie Piper wows in glam gown as she jokes with ex Laurence Fox's cousin Freddie at the Evening Standard Theatre Awards Margo Stilley flashes her lace bra and hot pants in raunchy sheer dress as she makes rare red carpet appearance at Evening Standard Awards Now James Corden turns his talents to Christmas ads! Sainsbury's enters the fray with an animated commercial featuring singing from the star In a Potter bother! Fantastic Beasts star Eddie Redmayne reveals he got grilled over wand after trying to smuggle it through customs Pucker up! Jesse Metcalfe and fiancee Cara Santana pack on the PDA at their engagement party They got engaged in August after eight years 'Thank you all so much': The X Factor's Sam Lavery shows little emotion as she is latest contestant to be voted off... after tense singing battle with Ryan Lawrie SPOILER ALERT: 'She's not mine!': Rick Grimes makes explosive revelation about 'daughter' on The Walking Dead More trouble ahead Shameless actor Jody Latham is accused of 'terrorising' a former Apprentice star in feud over his ex-fiancee  Appeared at Manchester Magistrates' Court PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Kourtney Kardashian flaunts fabulous figure in skimpy bikini on romantic getaway in Mexico with on/off beau Scott Disick Alexander McQueen's London penthouse hits the market for £8.5 million (complete with bespoke chandeliers, a dining terrace and walk-in dressing rooms)  Lea Michele shimmers in strapless dress as Kristen Bell goes sheer daring in lacy top for Christmas event in LA Black was back at glitzy event 'Wolf with rabies': Teresa Giudice continues taunting Jacqueline Laurita as fiery RHONJ reunion concludes On/off friendship  Happiest place! Singer Ashlee Simpson and hubby Evan Ross enjoy family bonding day with kids at Disneyland Happy every after  Lily James is spring chic in yellow dress and denim jacket as she is seen for first time on set of Baby Driver Filming the crime comedy in Atlanta A man cave for her Tyga? Kylie Jenner stocks a special room with Playboy magazine for 'the boys' at her Hidden Hills mansion Mags and an ashtray Unhappy birthday to you! Glum Anne Hathaway is a lady in red as she heads out for fancy celebratory dinner She had been stumping for Hillary Clinton What a whirl-wand trip! Eddie Redmayne looks exhausted as he lands in London in time for the premiere of Fantastic Beasts after debuting movie in New York Pregnant Katherine Heigl dresses her baby bump with loose fitting tank top at flea market with husband Josh Kelley Looking for baby gifts? Chic but sombre, the Duchess of Cambridge joins Camilla and Sophie Wessex at the Cenotaph on Remembrance Sunday A von Furstenberg coat  EXCLUSIVE: 'He pursued her heavily': I'm A Celeb's Lisa Snowdon 'devastated' to learn footballer ex Jay Bothroyd was married during eight-month affair 'FIRST look': Ruby Rose posts teaser of The Veronicas' new single On Your Side... which details her love story with singer Jess Origliasso  Kate Beckinsale shows off her slim figure in tight top as she attends AFI FEST in Los Angeles Always looks sensational  'He's the Trump of Strictly': Ed Balls divides viewers after Gangnam Style saves him as it's revealed he'll perform a Great Balls of Fire jive in Blackpool You must be jo-KING? EastEnders hardman Danny Dyer makes heir-larious discovery as it's revealed he is a descendant of royalty Cockney royalty Animal attraction! Make-up free Heidi Klum, 43, gets wild with leopard print at a celeb-studded fundraiser in Los Angeles Wild thing She's got some front! Rebecca Hall looks radiant in low-cut patterned dress at AFI Fest in Los Angeles The Christine star paired her unique dress  Sharp-suited Tom Hiddleston arrives at Evening Standard Theatre Awards in good spirits... amid claims Taylor Swift will sing about their breakup Corrie's Beverley Callard 'hasn't met her 11-month-old grandchild' despite living just down the road  Laura Cross made the claims against the star 'People can call me a mug but we are happy': Megan McKenna stands by reunion with Pete Wicks after sexting scandal... and no longer checks his social media 'It's very sad': Iconic soap star Eileen Derbyshire, 85, may not return to Coronation Street after 55-year run Has been absent now for 12 months 'You had me at bonjour': Make-up free Rebecca Gayheart, 45, shows off her clear complexion as she dons cheeky T-shirt at charity event Nikki Reed stuns in white off-the-shoulder patterned top as she attends ACLU dinner in LA The 28-year-old looked gorgeous as ever She's a real page turner! Actress Emma Roberts goes make-up free as she peruses a newsstand in Los Angeles Looked simply chic SPOILER ALERT: Ecstatic Gemma Winter meets lifelong crush Peter Andre as the pop star makes a cameo on Coronation Street Getting star treatment 'I feel so sorry for her': Catherine Tyldesley steps out in a wintry ensemble as she heads to a radio appearance to tease 'heartbreaking' Xmas storyline Hollywood power couple Jennifer Aniston and Justin Theroux go unnoticed in Germany... after saying he makes her feel 'completely adored' Stunning at 70! Goldie Hawn cuts a fabulous figure in silk dress as she makes an appearance ahead of her comedy show in Melbourne Back to her pre-baby best! Kim Kardashian recycles 2009 Princess Jasmine costume for fun with North She worked hard to get  back in pre-baby shape JK's fantastic new hero is just the magic we need: BRIAN VINER on the latest instalment of the Potter franchise  Plenty to say about restablishment stooges Nicole Kidman reunites with her To Die For director Gus Van Sant and co-star Casey Affleck for Variety taping Cult black comedy Coleen Rooney looks glam in an off-the-shoulder top as she enjoys a girls' night out at new Liverpool restaurant Flashed the flesh From Hollywood to Hollyoaks! Dallas star Linda Gray, 76, brings the glam to Chester in first look at her cameo in the Channel 4 soap  An unlikely arrival She's ripped! Kelly Bensimon wears torn blue jeans while out with daughter Thadeus in New York City Stepped out in New York over the weekend Michelle Keegan 'house-hunting in South Africa' as she prepares to spend eight more months away from Mark Wright for Our Girl filming Billy Bob Thornton smokes a cigarette as he touches down in LA after saying ex-wife Angelina Jolie 'seems OK' following Brad Pitt split Hailey Baldwin flaunts her bikini body in a swimsuit before planting a kiss on her female friend Model and daughter of Stephen Baldwin From Ab Flab to Ab Fab! Helen Lederer sheds eight pounds and drops a dress size in just three days after surviving on 400 calories A DAY 'It's about finding the right balance': Marion Cotillard admits she struggles to balance her professional and personal life... after denying Brad romance The good life! Ariel Winter proudly flaunts backside as she twerks in bikini during Mexican holiday with Levi Meaden and pals Continuing her holiday  Feeding the flock! Jennifer Garner and Ben Affleck provide snacks for family church as they bring their children to Sunday service At Pacific Palisades No comment! Kanye West refuses to confirm if he still plans to run for President in 2020  The 39-year-old Life of Pablo artist ignored questions Kanye West launches a new 'unpretentious' range of clothes - but a jumper will still set you back £1,745 and a T-shirt £159 A real man of the people 'You always inspire': Sylvester Stallone presents Jackie Chan with honourary Oscar... as Arnold Schwarzenegger also pays tribute 'I had a good time with dalliances': Robbie Williams jokes about making the most of his fame, how many of the Spice Girls he's REALLY slept with Swift beatz? Pop princess Taylor calls on rumoured rapper flame Drake 'to help give her music a hip-hop vibe' She reportedly wants to sound edgier Puppy love! Sofia Richie shows taut tummy as pal Cameron Dallas carries cute canine at West Hollywood store Enjoyed some dog time Miranda Kerr is the belle of the ball in an exquisite gold gown as she cosies up to sharp-suited fiancé Evan Spiegel at glittering Baby2Baby Gala Geordie Shore's Sophie Kasaei parades her sun-kissed curves on the beach after defending healthy Size 10 figure Showed off her bikini  'I'm no spring chicken': Ex-Strictly professional Ola Jordan, 34, says she's 'not body-confident' despite sneaking SIX sexy bikinis into I'm A Celeb 'I'm not having another baby, so screw you': EastEnders actress Jacqueline Jossa lashes out at cruel trolls who told her she looked pregnant 'He waited outside for her': Pregnant Amy Childs flees event after man 'threatened to punch her' Outside The Ideal Homes Show 'I only do the things I love': Mary Berry confirms filming for her own cooking show... as Bake-Off makers 'head to court over block on Channel 4 rival' 'That smile ain't nothing but a Dream!': Kris Jenner posts adorable snap of Rob Kardashian cradling his new baby girl Latest addition Jessica Alba goes casual chic as she takes her daughters to the Beverly Hills Farmers' Market She is known for her healthy lifestyle Mia Tyler announces she's expecting her first child by sharing picture of her bump First child for the artist, who is the daughter of Aerosmtih's Steven Scarlett Johansson shows off stunning curves in lilac cutaway dress at Ghost In The Shell trailer launch in Japan Glam evening Pamela Anderson cuts a chic figure as she brings MORE snacks to WikiLeaks founder Julian Assange... after he joked that her vegan treats were 'torture' Jamie Foxx has fun on set with Robert Downey Jr and Jeremy Piven as they film All-Star Weekend Revolves around two tow-truck drivers Kurves ahead! Khloe Kardashian shows off her incredible physique in a burnt orange dress as she heads to stylist Monica Rose's baby shower PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Megan Fox and Brian Austin Green take baby Journey and his older brothers on family outing Family united  'I was a bit of a b***ard': Phil Collins admits to cheating on his ex-wife, but says he was just 'following his heart' Regrets the affair 'I had nothing left to give him': Daisy Lowe falls foul of Strictly curse... as she and beau Bradley 'Frankie' Wade couldn't 'cope with the pressure' If you wannabe my mother: Ex-Spice Girl Victoria Beckham 'wants to manage her son Cruz's pop career' Thinks her experiences make her the perfect candidate Rod Stewart's rarely-seen daughter Ruby follows in her father's footsteps as she opens his tour in Liverpool The apple never falls far from the tree From Top Gear to top rear! Little Mix's Leigh-Anne Pinnock teaches Jeremy Clarkson how to twerk on the Jonathan Ross Show Awkward! GIRL ABOUT TOWN: Finally, Jeremy Clarkson is silenced - by the raging wife of Sir Shifty, Lady Green Someone who can stop the motormouth  GIRL ABOUT TOWN: Phasing out the Fogles! Prince William distances himself from Ben Fogle and his wife  Said to be fed up of Ben talking about him in public GIRL ABOUT TOWN: Doctor Who to marry Lady Rose? Besotted Matt Smith to pop the question to girlfriend Lily James by Christmas  Planning trip to New York Still the Princess of Darkness: X Factor judge Sharon Osbourne, 64, flips the bird as she leaves X Factor post-party looking a little worse for wear Outlandish behaviour Parkinson's sufferer Michael J. Fox appears to go Back To The Future with impassioned guitar solo as he leads special gig to support his charity Nicola Peltz flashes her taut abs in a crop top as she opts for an all-black look in Los Angeles Flashed a hint of her abs as she headed out Eye of the tiger, face of an angel: Ageless Madonna, 58, stuns with extremely taut appearance as she leads star-studded UFC fight crowd Kendall Jenner's hangout bar, Emma Stone's beloved salon and Jennifer Aniston's hiking spot: How to ditch the tourist traps and explore LA like a local A-Lister From Baywatch to bag watch: Giddy Kelly Rohrbach shops 'til she drops as she strains under a heavy load Made shopping look like hard work on Saturday PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Kate Upton and fiancé Justin Verlander put on a tactile display on romantic Italian vacation The 24-year-old model kept close in Florence Sheer delight! Nicole Kidman flashes her cleavage in plunging see-through gown at The Governors Awards... before slipping into classic white high-neck dress for later event 'I don't want to say!' Kris Jenner cries as her mother MJ asks her biggest fear in Keeping Up With The Kardashians Welled up on TV Getting some retail therapy! Julianne Moore and friend Laura Dern browse designer dresses at LA boutique  The 55-year-old looked to be in good spirits  'Loved it!' Kelly Clarkson takes baby Remington and daughter River to Disney World River, 2, and Remington, 7 months,  will have been delighted Danniella Westbrook sports new brunette hairdo, but STILL wears a plaster under her nose... amid reports she's suing Celebrity Botched Up Bodies Hard man Mickey Rourke, 64, proves he's a big softy at heart as muscular actor cradles beloved fluffy pooch The age-defying actor, 64, showed off his bulging biceps People wanted to kill me, says Prince Harry's girl: Meghan Markle opens up to PIERS MORGAN about dating, death threats and most embarrassing moment  Bataclan TURNS AWAY Eagles of Death Metal - who were playing when ISIS massacred 90 music fans - as the concert hall reopens a year after the attack with Sting performance Cringing Cowell! Simon is left red-faced after Dermot shares throwback picture of him with a VERY dodgy hairdo on X Factor Giving a gun show too! What happens in Vegas stays still in Vegas! Britney Spears does the Mannequin Challenge to celebrate Sin City success  Flesh-flashing Charlotte Dawson flirts up a storm with new rugby player boyfriend Matt Sarsfield as they're spotted together for the first time Trinny Woodall's 'nightmare' £300,000 divorce battle from beyond the grave: Fashion guru's bizarre High Court battle over her dead ex's debts  Get Me Out Of Here already! Scarlett Moffatt can't contain her disgust as she's forced to canoe through swampy waters in I'm A Celebrity's first grizzly challenge 'Strictly viewers are delighted to spot Mary Berry in the audience... but are reduced to tears as Judge Rinder's granddad wells up on-screen  She's got good jeans! Khloe Kardashian shows off her toned bottom...as she hits out at haters online Addressing all the criticism Frill-seeker! Slimmed-down Tina Malone shows off her TINY size six figure in black flamenco-style dress as she steps out at RTS Awards Disco fever! Leona Lewis oozes 70s glamour in corkscrew curls and plunging sequin gown as she steals the show at animal charity gala in LA Cara Delevingne flashes her abs with a sexy pin-up on her jacket... as she turns her mind to modelling following St Vincent split She had taken a step back from her modelling  Donatella Versace claims that gay male fashion designers create clothes for the 'women they want to be' rather than their customers   Female style icon Rachel Weisz is cosy beneath a bizarre woolly hat  She is famed for starring in cult classic The Mummy, but Rachel Weisz looked like she was almost embalmed  Ready to take the plunge! Ola Jordan glams up before the jungle in a low cut peachy dress as she meets her I'm A Celebrity team mates Slinky Scherzinger! Nicole shows off stunning figure in racy cut out dress on X Factor before changing into JUST a pink jacket for dinner  Chrissy Teigen and daughter Luna host baby shower for celebrity stylist Monica Rose... and Khloe Kardashian and Kris Jenner are on hand too Braided beauty! Cara Delevingne cuts a fashionable flyer in a chic bomber jacket as she touches down at LAX Eyes front, Philip! A playboy prince eyeing up the ladies? Don't worry, Ma'am - it's only a VERY impertinent scene from hit TV show The Crown  What will Ma'am think? Hugh Jackman spotted cosying up with Madonna at UFC title fight in New York  Watched Conor McGregor and Eddie Alvarez battle it out Vin Diesel and Nina Dobrev fuel the hype for xXx: Return of Xander Cage at Los Angeles fan event Diesel, 49, looked every part the action hero  Will Smith is in high spirits as he has a laugh on set for upcoming fantasy film Bright Will Smith spent his Saturday hard at work on his forthcoming fantasy thriller Bright Liquid gold! Lily Collins oozes class in backless satin gown at the Academy's Governors Awards in Hollywood Perhaps Lily Collins had her sights set on a gold statue Blue bombshell! Bryce Dallas Howard stuns at star-studded Weinstein Company party featuring Matthew McConaughey A real showstopper All-natural beauty! Jenna Dewan is pretty in pink with husband Channing Tatum at Baby2Baby Gala in Los Angeles  Had her black locks parted in the middle Kate Hudson shines in gold number as she poses with Matthew McConaughey and wife Camila at Baby2Baby Gala Sheerly amazing! Jessica Alba stuns in partially transparent black gown for star-studded Baby2Baby Gala in Los Angeles Charity that supports babies in need In the navy! Jennifer Garner is beautiful in blue as she stuns on red carpet of Baby2Baby Gala in LA The 44-year-old actress looked beautiful in blue Bella Thorne is epitome of casual chic in Daisy Dukes and snakeskin boots before slipping into crop top and ripped jeans Two different outfits 'Bonding with mommy!' Blac Chyna breastfeeds daughter Dream in newborn baby's first tweet Created an Instagram account in baby's name Blac Chyna's mother Tokyo Toni shows charitable side as she promotes food drive after second grandchild is born Tokyo Toni is feeling charitable  Pretty in pattern! Emma Stone and Michelle Williams wow in sparkling gowns for the eighth annual Governors Awards in Hollywood The actresses arrived dressed to the nines Demi Lovato holds hands with rumoured MMA fighter beau Luke Rockhold as they arrive to UFC 205 in New York It's been the worst kept celebrity couple secret for a while now Head Start to Home Cooked Get Recipes more SHARE PICTURE Copy link to paste in your message Find out more... Find out more... Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Network This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Syndication Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      

Fox News Fox Business Fox News Latino Fox News Go Fox News Radio Fox Nation Fox News Insider Fox News Health Expand/Collapse Search Home Video Politics U.S. Opinion Business Entertainment Tech Science Health Travel Lifestyle World On Air Health Home Men's Health Women's Health Children's Health Alternative Medicine Diabetes Heart Health Nutrition & Fitness Lung Cancer Roche's lung cancer drug wins US approval Published October 19, 2016 Reuters Facebook0 Twitter0 livefyre Email Print The logo of Swiss pharmaceutical company Roche is seen outside their headquarters in Basel  (Copyright Reuters 2016) Swiss drugmaker Roche Holding AG's new immunotherapy, Tecentriq, won approval on Tuesday from U.S. health regulators as a second-line lung cancer treatment, a decision seen likely to erode Bristol-Myers Squibb's position in this hotly contested market. The U.S. Food and Drug Administration approved Tecentriq to be used in non-small cell lung cancer patients previously treated with chemotherapy, regardless of whether their tumors express a protein called PD-L1. People with high PD-L1 levels are generally more receptive to immunotherapy. In study results released this month, patients getting Tecentriq lived on average 4.2 months longer than those taking chemotherapy. Tecentriq is aiming for a share of the treatment market now dominated by Bristol's Opdivo, a drug which doctors can also prescribe for patients regardless of their levels of immune-system suppressing PD-L1 expression. In the first half, Opdivo sales hit $1.58 billion, about three times that of Merck & Co's drug, Keytruda, that is prescribed only for people who express a certain level of PD-L1. More on this... Immunotherapy drug sustains father of 5 living with stage 4 bladder cancer Roche therapy helps 24 percent of untreated bladder cancer patients: study Georgia man to complete half Ironman as he battles incurable lung cancer Analysts estimate Tecentriq's annual sales across all cancers - it is already approved for bladder cancer and will seek approval for more indications - will reach $4 billion in 2021, according to consensus figures compiled by Thomson Reuters. Tecentriq, Opdivo and Keytruda are the initial entrants in a highly promising class of immunotherapy drugs now transforming cancer treatment and are jockeying for pole position, either for use alone or in combination with other drugs. Lung cancer, responsible for 20 percent of the annual 8 million annual cancer deaths worldwide, is the top commercial opportunity. Advertisement Trending in Health 1 Doctors see surge in men seeking surgery-free double chin solution 2 Patrons, staff at Washington homeless shelter sickened by norovirus 3 Depression becoming more common among US teens 4 Check again with your doctor about statins, experts say 5 Computer-brain interface helps locked-in patient communicate, albeit slowly See all Trends Top Health Centers View All Back Pain Cancer Depression Heart Disease Pain Management Sexual Health Beauty & Skin Cold and Flu Digestive Health Nutrition Pregnancy Site Index Sections Home Video Politics U.S. Opinion Entertainment Tech Science Health Travel Lifestyle World Sports Weather On Air Tools Live Video Trending Newsletters Alerts Blogs Mobile Podcasts Radio Fox News Store Apps & Downloads About Careers College Students Fox Around the World Advertise With Us New Terms of Use (What's New) New Privacy Policy Ad Choices Contact Us Email Newsroom FAQ Media Relations Follow Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn RSS Newsletters Fox News Back to Top This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. ©2016 FOX News Network, LLC. All rights reserved. All market data delayed 20 minutes. New Privacy - New Terms of Use (What's New) - FAQ

Close Latest Minutes Politics Culture Magazine Climate Books Podcasts Subscribe About Advertise Contact FAQ Jobs RSS Masthead Privacy Subscriber Services Menu Darren McCollester/Getty Images The Next Phase in Bernie’s Revolution Has Already Begun The fight for Prop 61 in California could be a watershed moment in American health care. By David Dayen October 19, 2016 Last Friday, Bernie Sanders held a rally in a parking lot across the street from a Hollywood studio. Hillary Clinton and Donald Trump were not mentioned, nor was any other politician on the 2016 ballot. Sanders was there as part of an effort to lower runaway prescription drug prices. “The pharmaceutical industry has become a major health hazard to the American people!” Sanders thundered in front of about 500 supporters. “This is the most significant proposition in the country today to end pharmaceutical greed.” Bernie’s crusade is known as Prop 61, and it manages to be both modest and earth-shaking, a minor element in reforming drug-purchasing that would set a critical precedent to stop price-gouging by Big Pharma. If the referendum is passed this November, the majority of Californians will see no relief other than as taxpayers; their drug prices might even rise as an indirect result. But at a time when Americans are deeply concerned about the cost of medicine, any measure with the potential to alleviate the burdens of the current system deserves support. Written by the AIDS Healthcare Foundation, Prop 61 would require state agencies in California that make prescription drug purchases to only pay what the Department of Veterans Affairs pays. The VA enjoys the lowest prices for drugs in the nation, in part because it is protected by a federal law that prohibits it from paying above 76 percent of the average wholesale price. Polls show significant support for Prop 61, but that’s before gauging the full impact of a drug industry opposition campaign that could total $100 million, making this one of the costliest ballot measures in California history. If Prop 61 were passed, it would affect a fairly small population. California purchases drugs for current and retired state employees, students at public universities, prison inmates, and low-income beneficiaries of Medi-Cal, the state Medicaid program. However, Medi-Cal managed care plans, which serve 75 percent of all enrollees, are exempt from the rule (probably because the AIDS Healthcare Foundation runs a Medi-Cal managed care program itself). So while California spent $3.8 billion on prescription drugs in the 2014-2015 fiscal year, Prop 61 would cover less than that. Furthermore, the savings are hard to model. The VA does not publicly disclose how much it pays for medications; it’s assumed that it gets additional discounts beyond the federal ceiling, but nobody knows how much on every drug. State agencies would have to file a Freedom of Information Act request just to know how much to charge the drug companies, and the VA could invoke a trade secret or financial information exemption. Furthermore, the VA has a limited formulary, while Medi-Cal must offer any drug approved by the FDA. On those drugs that the VA doesn’t buy, Prop 61 will have no effect. Then there’s the fear that drug companies will compensate for their losses by raising drug prices on ordinary Californians or the VA, a prospect that has led most major veterans groups to oppose Prop 61. This response is a bit overblown, given the unknown effect of Prop 61 and the fact that the VA represents only 2 to 3 percent of pharmaceutical sales. But practically every “No on 61” ad has a spokesman in full military uniform—and you don’t discover until the end that the ad is funded by Pfizer and Merck. But there are a couple reasons Prop 61 has received high-level support from folks like Sanders. First, the measure would set a precedent that governments have the power to lower prescription drug prices. This is already standard in virtually every industrialized nation, but the United States has followed a weird hands-off policy, giving drug companies carte blanche to gouge customers for life-saving medications. The Valeant, Mylan, and Turing Pharmaceuticals scandals this year show what a misguided choice that has been. We don’t let Medicare negotiate prescription drug prices, and we don’t allow re-importation of drugs from abroad that are often made in the same factories as the ones offered domestically. We deliberately fragment the purchasing pool—splitting them into veterans and civilians, for example—to the detriment of patients. This is a first step to re-integrate that purchasing pool. And as Sanders said, “If we win here in California, other states will be following very, very quickly.” An identical measure is scheduled for the Ohio ballot next year. In fact, states might not need to make the effort. The nonpartisan Legislative Analyst’s Office points out that federal law allows all state Medicaid programs to receive the same price for prescription drugs as the lowest payer in the U.S. If Prop 61 passes, that lowest price could well be the VA-tied drugs in California. So all Medicaid agencies could request the same deal, lowering prices for tens of millions of poor patients. (Including, ironically, Medi-Cal managed care, which was carved out of this proposition.) This would likely require defeating industry-initiated legal action. But the result would be chaotic—a chaos we actually need, I would argue. Under the current system, lawmakers are unwilling to do anything but scream about high drug prices. Prop 61 would give them a hammer, one that could be employed to create a fairer system for all Americans. Congress already has the power to do this; lawmakers did it for the VA, setting a price ceiling and limiting increases to the rate of inflation. The threat of transferring those benefits to virtually all Americans on government-run health care (and it says a lot that we have to call that a threat) could be the needed spur for a larger bargain, whether that includes faster FDA approval, federalization of research and development, changes to the patent laws, or value-based medicine that rewards providers for preventing the need for drugs in the first place. Without such a prod, drug companies will likely use their prodigious political influence to halt progress. That’s why Sanders likely sees Prop 61 as a worthwhile target for his political revolution. He has used the formidable base of support that he developed during the presidential campaign to target Big Pharma. Billboards across Los Angeles tout his Prop 61 endorsement; he cut a TV ad for the measure as well. The day of the rally, Sanders joked that a single tweet of his about Ariad Pharmaceuticals jacking up the price of a leukemia drug sent the company’s stock into free fall. Sanders recognizes that, when the status quo leaves Americans exposed, change can only come from the bottom up. In this case, one ballot measure could transform what we pay for drugs in America. “The entire nation is looking at California,” Sanders said. “Let’s go forward together.” Read More Politics, Bernie Sanders, Big Pharma, Prop 61, Health Care, Drugs Sign up for your daily dose of politics, culture, and big ideas. Sign Up Facebook Instagram Twitter LinkedIn Copyright 2016 © New Republic. All rights reserved. Illustration by Jun Cen
Xconomy Xperience EXOME National Regions Channels Events What’s Hot in Healthtech → EXOME all the information, none of the junk | biotech • healthcare • life sciences Want EXOME sent to you daily? Meet the Contributors → Eli Lilly Commits $15M More to Seattle Institute’s TB Drug Search Frank Vinluan October 18th, 2016 @frankvinluan @xconomy Like Us Xconomy Indiana —  Eli Lilly unveiled plans today to expand its work treating disease in the developing world, pledging $90 million to improve access to healthcare for 30 million people worldwide by 2030. Nestled in Indianapolis-based Eli Lilly’s (NYSE: LLY) plan is $15 million earmarked for the Infectious Disease Research Institute in Seattle. Though that sum is a small piece of Lilly’s overall $90 million commitment, it’s the company’s largest financial pledge to date in an eight-year partnership with the Seattle institute researching new tuberculosis drugs. Tuberculosis is a highly contagious bacterial infection affecting the lungs. Of the 10.4 million people infected by the disease in 2015, 1.8 million died, according to the World Health Organization. The WHO lists TB as one of the top 10 causes of death worldwide, with the overwhelming majority of those deaths occurring in the developing world. TB is typically treated with antibiotics. The challenge with this standard of care is the emergence of drug resistant TB strains, the IDRI told Xconomy in 2008. The institute has been researching drug candidates that show activity against drug-resistant strains of TB. So far, those efforts are still in preclinical studies. Immunologist Steve Reed founded the nonprofit IDRI in 1993. A mix of public, private, and nonprofit money funds the institute, which has a $22.5 million budget this year. The Bill & Melinda Gates Foundation is a longtime backer of IDRI; besides Lilly, the institute also counts GlaxoSmithKline (NYSE: GSK) as a pharma industry supporter. Lilly began its collaboration with the IDRI following its 2007 acquisition of Bothell, WA-based drug developer Icos for about $2.3 billion. The pharma giant then donated to the institute $9 million worth of Icos drug-screening equipment it no longer needed along with another $6 million in cash. This partnership with IDRI, called the Lilly TB Drug Discovery Initiative, also hired some former Icos scientists. The initiative’s search for potential TB drug candidates started by screening compounds from Lilly as well as Merck (NYSE: MRK). In 2011, Lilly committed another $4.2 million to support the IDRI’s TB drug research. Eli Lilly is splitting the $90 million, five-year commitment to its “Global Health Partnership” evenly between company dollars and Eli Lilly and Company Foundation, its philanthropic arm. Lilly CEO John Leichleiter says the funding slated for the IDRI will be used to continue the institute’s TB drug discovery and development efforts. He adds that the $90 million Global Health Initiative builds on two Lilly corporate efforts already underway: a $170 million collaboration with drug manufacturers started in 2003 to increase the availability of antibiotics in countries that have high rates of TB; and a $30 million commitment in 2011 to address the rise of non-communicable diseases in developing countries. The latter partnership, which initially focused on diabetes, is now adding cancer as an area of therapeutic focus. Lilly says the partnership will work toward the company’s goal of improving the health of 30 million people by expanding its efforts and its partners in Brazil, China, India, Kenya, Mexico, Russia, South Africa, and the United States. Community partners have not been finalized, but in Lilly’s hometown, the company plans to work with local public health officials. Frank Vinluan is a contributing editor at Xconomy, based in Research Triangle Park. You can reach him at fvinluan@xconomy.com Follow @frankvinluan Share on Facebook Share on Twitter LinkedIn Email Reprints More from EXOME Eli Lilly Wins FDA Nod for New Soft Tissue Sarcoma Drug Eli Lilly CEO Lechleiter to Retire After Eight-Year Stint Zymeworks Nabs $15M, Adds Lilly Partnership, in Antibody Drug Quest Trending on Xconomy Xconomy Special Report: 12 San Diego Tech Startups to Watch in 2017 Cord Cutting: How to Get High-Speed Internet Service Without Cable Texas Innovators in Health, Space, Energy, A.I. & More: The Disruptors Photos X Xconomy’s EXOME Presents: State of the Biotech Union National health initiatives, the intersection of Big Data and healthcare, the looming presence of genetic modification, and our national response to infectious disease December 6, 2016 Register today! Underwriters and Partners From Our Advertisers The key trends and challenges of clinical outsourcing Exclusive interview with Prof Kenneth Getz from Tufts CSDD KNect365 Life Sciences Is commercial clinical research worth it for sites? The urgent issues with clinical trial & study site partnerships KNect365 Life Sciences The Fractured State of Sales Enablement & Training OnDemand Webinar Allego How Wisconsin is cultivating startup success New report highlights entrepreneurial programs available statewide Wisconsin Economic Development Corporation The Feed Tweets from https://twitter.com/Xconomy/lists/lifesci Home Privacy/DMCA Security Disclosures About Contact Us Archives Advertise Subscribe for Free Business, life sciences, and technology news — covering Boston, Seattle, San Diego, Detroit/Ann Arbor, San Francisco, New York, Raleigh-Durham, Boulder/Denver, Texas, Wisconsin, Indiana, and beyond. © 2007-2016, Xconomy, Inc. Xconomy is a registered service mark of Xconomy, Inc. All rights reserved. Website development support from Andrew Koyfman with design support from Rob Hunter.
Reuters BI Intelligence Events Trending Tech Insider Finance Politics Strategy Life Sports Video All × From To You have successfully emailed the post. × 
     

 Roche's lung cancer drug wins U.S. approval Reuters Oct. 18, 2016, 5:40 PM 179 facebook linkedin twitter email print The logo of Swiss pharmaceutical company Roche is seen outside their headquarters in Basel Thomson Reuters By John Miller (Reuters) - Swiss drugmaker Roche Holding AG's new immunotherapy, Tecentriq, won approval on Tuesday from U.S. health regulators as a second-line lung cancer treatment, a decision seen likely to erode Bristol-Myers Squibb's position in this hotly contested market. The U.S. Food and Drug Administration approved Tecentriq to be used in non-small cell lung cancer patients previously treated with chemotherapy, regardless of whether their tumors express a protein called PD-L1. People with high PD-L1 levels are generally more receptive to immunotherapy. In study results released this month, patients getting Tecentriq lived on average 4.2 months longer than those taking chemotherapy. Tecentriq is aiming for a share of the treatment market now dominated by Bristol's Opdivo, a drug which doctors can also prescribe for patients regardless of their levels of immune-system suppressing PD-L1 expression. In the first half, Opdivo sales hit $1.58 billion, about three times that of Merck & Co's drug, Keytruda, that is prescribed only for people who express a certain level of PD-L1. Analysts estimate Tecentriq's annual sales across all cancers - it is already approved for bladder cancer and will seek approval for more indications - will reach $4 billion in 2021, according to consensus figures compiled by Thomson Reuters. Tecentriq, Opdivo and Keytruda are the initial entrants in a highly promising class of immunotherapy drugs now transforming cancer treatment and are jockeying for pole position, either for use alone or in combination with other drugs. Lung cancer, responsible for 20 percent of the annual 8 million annual cancer deaths worldwide, is the top commercial opportunity. (Reporting by John Miller in Zurich; additional reporting by Dipika Jain in Bengaluru; Editing by Maju Samuel) Read the original article on Reuters. Copyright 2016. Follow Reuters on Twitter. More from Reuters: Samsung just recalled nearly 3 million washing machines because they might explode U.S. to meet target of admitting 10,000 Syrian refugees: White House Fight for Syria's Aleppo exposes limits of Russian air power European privacy regulators to scrutinize WhatsApp privacy switch Transplant recipients who resume smoking have shorter survival More: Reuters facebook linkedin twitter email print × Recommended For You Powered by Sailthru Roche's lung cancer drug wins U.S. approval Roche's lung cancer drug wins U.S. approval By John Miller(Reuters) - Swiss drugmaker Roche... Recommended For You Featured As healthcare costs rise and patients demand better care, hospitals turn to new technologies More "Digital Industry Insider" » Brothers share what it was like quitting their corporate jobs to sell ties on the beach and cofound Vineyard Vines, a company worth nearly $1 billion More "Transformations" » Get Reuters Emails & Alerts Sign-Up Learn More » More Featured Business Insider Select Tech Select Tech Chart Of The Day Markets Chart Of The Day 10 Things Before the Opening Bell Instant MBA Business Insider Events BI Intelligence Daily Digital Industry Insider Finance Markets Select Your Money Select Smart Investor Finance Insider Strategy Strategy Select Advertising Select Retail Select Careers Select 10 Things You Need To Know In Advertising Politics Politics Select Military Select Life Life Select Education Select Entertainment Select Breaking News Tech Enterprise Select Science Select Mobile Chart Of The Day E-Commerce Chart Of The Day Payments Chart Of The Day Digital Media Chart Of The Day IoT Chart of the Day Fintech Briefing Charts of the Day Sports Chart Of The Day Top 10 Things 10 Things In Tech You Need To Know Closing Bell Sports Sports Research from BI Intelligence The Internet of Everything The Future of Financial Services Digital Media Ad Revenue: The path to $100 billion The Future of Retail Read Business Insider On The Go Available on iOS or Android Find A Job Tech Jobs C-Level Jobs Media Jobs Design Jobs Finance Jobs Sales Jobs See All Jobs » Thanks to our partners Follow us on: Also check out: * Copyright © 2016 Business Insider Inc. All rights reserved. Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy. Disclaimer Commerce Policy Made in NYC Stock quotes by finanzen.net International Editions: UK DE AUS ID IN MY SG PL SE NL FR
PRLog XHome Login Latest News News By Location News By Industry News By Tag News By Date Business Profiles Pressrooms Get Feeds Get Alerted Journalist Account PRNewswire Distribution Search The Challenge of Change – industry leaders show the way at 2016 ICESAP conference in Singapore   Spread the Word: News By Tag: * Travel Industry Leaders * Travel Conference Singapore * Incentives Conferences Events By Industry: * TravelSINGAPORE - Oct. 19, 2016 - PRLog -- Incentive, Conference and Event Society Asia Pacific (ICESAP) President Nigel said that although it has been speculated that disruptive technologies will replace or diminish the need for corporate meetings and events, the reality is these advances actually make it more important than ever for organisations to bring their people together. Commenting further Nigel Gaunt said that while confident the future for incentive, conference & event (ICE) industry is bright, it will be very challenging and demanding for practitioners with client expectations requiring high standard events to be delivered in ever-decreasing time frames. The Challenge of Change is one of the key topics to be addressed in Singapore next month at the ICESAP Conference to be held November 30 to December 2. Nigel Gaunt is adamant that ICE practitioners and organisations must stay ahead of the curve by embracing change and the very latest industry developments as well as advances in technology and communication processes.  All in an era in which budgets and timelines are being squeezed and expectations are escalating. "When bringing an organisation's people together, technology advances and the latest service offerings, actually open up the potential for events to be increasingly powerful platforms for businesses to achieve their strategic objectives and growth aspirations", said Nigel Gaunt. "The key is audience engagement through creativity and open-mindedness in the way events are structured to maximise P2P and B2P interaction.  That's what incentives, conferences and events are all about!" ICESAP has brought together an outstanding panel of industry leaders to provide thought provoking high powered presentations and Q & A session on The Challenge of Change. The moderator is Robin Lokerman, Board-member, ICESAP, and Group President, MCI-Group and the panel will consist of – Charles Robinson, SVP & MD, Jack Morton Worldwide (Singapore) Ramesh Daryanani, VP, Global Sales, Asia Pacific, Marriot International Meredith Smith, Exec Director, Enterprise Shared Services, Merck Sharp & Dohme The expert industry panel will address – -  How can innovation help the evolution of procurement departments, especially in the face of ever tougher targets? -  What will the impact of technology and the 'sharing economy' have on the industry landscape? -  How to keep up with the increasing pace of change despite the varying speeds of the Asian economies? Nigel Gaunt concluded, "ICESAP members are dedicated to finding effective incentive, conference and event solutions for clients.  Attendees at the upcoming 2016 ICESAP Conference in Singapore will benefit with insights and strategies on how best to succeed and prosper in the modern Asia Pacific ICE era". Notes to the editor:          Conference information, registration, program details, and sponsorship opportunities are available from the website    conference.icesap.org ENDS Issued by:          Incentive, Conference and Event Society Asia Pacific (ICESAP)          www.icesap.org Media enquiries:      Mr Joe Perri Joe Perri & Associates Pty Ltd Tel/fax:          +61 3 9324 0362 Mobile:          +61 412 112 545 Email:          jperri@joeperri.com.au Contact Joe Perri & Associates ***@joeperri.com.au End Source : Incentive, Conference & Event Society Asia Pacific Email : ***@joeperri.com.au Listed Under- Tags : Travel Industry Leaders, Travel Conference Singapore, Incentives Conferences Events Industry : Travel Location : Singapore - Singapore - Singapore Subject : Events A/C Email Vfyd: | A/C Phone Vfyd: Disclaimer   Report Abuse Joe Perri & Associates Pty Ltd News Failure to provide corporate responsible event offerings will result in lost business says Gaunt Client demand & marketplace advantage to drive agency accreditation–but concerns abound says Gaunt Industry night of nights to celebrate Awards for Excellence winners at 2016 ICESAP Conference Agencies need to provide clients' regional solutions to global issues–2016 ICESAP Conference 2016 ICESAP Conference Singapore – Leaders Forum to set the tone for Conference says Nigel Gaunt Trending Scienaptic: A new age analytics platform backed by Pramod Bhasin John Deere Gearation Board Selected As Top Educational Toy of 2016 In The Goddard School's Toy Test MUTI/Sabre Industries Reaffirms Support for Apprenticeships during 2nd National Apprenticeship Week Wisco Hotel Group hires Regional Vice President for Milwuakee Area Toast To 2017 In High Style At The Hilton Chicago's New Year's Eve Soiree Daily News Scienaptic: A new age analytics platform backed by Pramod Bhasin - 470 views John Deere Gearation Board Selected As Top Educational Toy of 2016 In The Goddard School's Toy Test - 188 views Energy Pro Damali Rhett to Lead The Energy Co-op - 149 views Westmount Realty Capital Hires Kristie McBee as Senior Director-Asset Management - 131 views The Chemical Company Announces Product Expansion with INVISTA's Adi-pure® Adipic Acid - 126 views Weekly News President-elect Donald Trump Recognizes Homeschool Movement - 56024 views Detroit actor relishes role, respects his character in 'Wild Faith' - 3692 views Security First International Holdings, Inc. Signs Letter of Intent to Acquire 49% of Gentec LLC - 1433 views Dog Behavior Seminar at Laughing Dog Inn, Inc - 957 views MooreCo Inc Completes the Acquisition of VanerumStelter LLC - 617 views PTC News Security First International Holdings, Inc. Signs Letter of Intent to Acquire 49% of Gentec LLC - 1433 views Say YES to Year End Savings on Quick Move-In Lennar Homes Across Colorado - 285 views New Models Open at D'Andrea Tomorrow - 181 views PM&E Inc. Is Pleased To Announce a Purchase Order for an EVADA A4 Ambulance - 158 views Dexter Cast to Make First Ever Appearance Together At Wizard World Comic Con Cleveland, St. Louis - 123 views Mobile | Home | Latest Press Releases | Feeds | Get Alerts | Journalist Account | PR Newswire Distribution | Privacy | TOS | Contact | Copyright | About
News Specialties CME / CE Collections Medical News Latest Medical News Health Policy Practice Management Public Health Washington Watch Meeting Coverage Blogs & Columns Specialties Allergy & Immunology Anesthesiology Cardiology Critical Care Dermatology Emergency Medicine Endocrinology Gastroenterology Genetics Geriatrics HIV / AIDS Hospital-Based Medicine Infectious Disease Nephrology Neurology Nursing OB / GYN Oncology / Hematology Ophthalmology Orthopedics Pain Management Pathology Pediatrics Primary Care Psychiatry Pulmonology Radiology Rheumatology Surgery Transplantation Urology Continuing Medical Education CME / CE Clinical Context State Required CME Graduate Medical Education CME Tracker Mastery Of Medicine Collections AGA Reading Room ASCO Reading Room Surveys Quizzes Special Reports Sign Up Log In Sign Up Log In Search CMS to Cover Leadless Pacemakers ... But Only in Studies 10 Key Tech Hazards in 2017: HealthLeaders Media Contact Lenses of the Future Will Do More Than Correct Vision Antibiotic Resistance Can Decline, Too False PTSD: A Diagnostic Challenge LATEST MEDICAL NEWS Cardiology cme/ce Fewer PAD Surgeries With Vorapaxar? Trial subanalysis suggests effect, but consistency questioned MedpageToday savesaved register today Earn Free CME Credits by reading the latest medical news in your specialty.sign up by Nicole Lou Reporter, MedPage Today/CRTonline.org October 18, 2016 Action Points Vorapaxar (Zontivity) was associated with reduced need to revascularize patients with peripheral artery disease (PAD). Note that the current FDA approval is for reduction in cardiovascular events among patients with history of MI or PAD, and no history of stroke or transient ischemic attacks. Vorapaxar (Zontivity) was associated with reduced need to revascularize patients with peripheral artery disease (PAD), a randomized trial substudy found. In the TRA 2ºP–TIMI 50 trial, patients on the protease-activated receptor-1 antagonist vorapaxar had fewer peripheral revascularizations at 3 years (15.4% versus 19.3% for placebo, HR 0.82, 95% CI 0.72-0.93), particularly surgical procedures (HR 0.59, 95% CI 0.48-0.74) Marc P. Bonaca, MD, of Brigham and Women's Hospital in Boston, and colleagues noted that the difference was "directionally consistent across type of procedure and indication" in their study appearing online in JACC: Cardiovascular Interventions: Acute limb ischemia (2.6% versus 3.5%, HR 0.71, 95% CI 0.52-0.96) Asymptomatic severe stenosis (1.0% versus 1.6%, HR 0.66, 95% CI 0.41-1.06) Critical limb ischemia (4.8% versus 5.7%, HR 0.85, 95% CI 0.67-1.07) Claudication (11.5% versus 13.5%, HR 0.89, 95% CI 0.76-1.03) "We have reported previously that vorapaxar reduced peripheral revascularization in patients randomized with symptomatic PAD," the group wrote in a nod to the original study that led to the drug's FDA approval in 2014. "The present study adds to this observation by demonstrating that the pattern of efficacy was consistent across the spectrum of indications and types of procedures, ranging from acute thrombotic events such as acute limb ischemia to progressive atherosclerotic vascular disease including worsening claudication and critical limb ischemia." "These data support PAR-1 as a therapeutic target for the reduction of limb morbidity in patients with PAD," Bonaca's group concluded. Not so fast, suggested Robert D. Safian, MD, of Beaumont Health in Royal Oak, Mich., noting that the reduction in major adverse limb events was not significant for endovascular intervention or amputation or for patients with acute limb ischemia, critical (chronic) limb ischemia, or asymptomatic severe stenosis and only a nonsignificant trend in patients with progressive claudication. "The main limitation of this study is that the authors have obscured these findings by emphasizing the directional consistency of their results, in the absence of significant differences," he wrote in an accompanying editorial. Furthermore, TRA 2ºP–TIMI 50 originally showed that "vorapaxar caused a significant increase in the risk of moderate or severe bleeding, including intracranial hemorrhage, resulting in early termination in patients with a history of stroke," according to Safian, who noted that the current FDA approval is for reduction in cardiovascular events among patients with history of MI or PAD, and no history of stroke or transient ischemic attacks. Bonaca's trial randomized 26,449 patients to vorapaxar or placebo on a background of standard therapy. Participants had histories of MI, stroke, or symptomatic PAD -- with a known history of PAD recorded in 5,845 individuals at randomization. Patients with known PAD had a 16% rate of revascularization over a median of 2.5 years. The procedures were done for worsening claudication (55%), critical limb ischemia (24%), acute limb ischemia (16%), and asymptomatic severe stenosis (4%). The investigators acknowledged that peripheral revascularization was site reported and not adjudicated. It is also unknown whether patients received other therapies -- such as supervised exercise programs -- which raises the potential for confounding in the study. Nevertheless, the totality of the vorapaxar data published to date seem to agree on several fronts, according to the editorialist. "First, as is true of some studies of aspirin and clopidogrel [Plavix], vorapaxar does not seem to be useful for secondary prevention of major adverse cardiovascular events in PAD patients, although there is benefit in patients with prior MI." "Second, given issues about cost and bleeding complications, it seems unlikely that there will be much enthusiasm for vorapaxar for triple antiplatelet therapy after routine MI or stenting. However, studies of vorapaxar alone or in combination with a single antiplatelet agent might prove beneficial, possibly without the risk of major bleeding," Safian wrote. "Alternatively, there may be subgroups of high-risk patients who might benefit from triple therapy." He suggested that vorapaxar may have potential value in patients with coronary artery bypass grafts, who are also at high risk for early thrombosis and accelerated atherosclerosis. "Finally, further studies are needed to determine the value of vorapaxar in patients with aspirin hypersensitivity or low on-treatment platelet reactivity with other antiplatelet agents." The TRA 2ºP–TIMI 50 Trial was supported by Merck. Bonaca declared consulting for Merck, AstraZeneca, and Bayer. The TIMI Study Group disclosed support from Accumetrics, Amgen, AstraZeneca, Beckman Coulter, Bristol-Myers Squibb, CV Therapeutics, Daiichi-Sankyo, Eli Lilly, GlaxoSmithKline, Integrated Therapeutics, Merck, Nanosphere, Novartis Pharmaceuticals, Nuvelo, Ortho-Clinical Diagnostics, Pfizer, Roche Diagnostics, Sanofi, Sanofi-Synthelabo, Siemens Medical Solutions, and Singulex. Safian reported no relevant conflicts of interest. Reviewed by Robert Jasmer, MD Associate Clinical Professor of Medicine, University of California, San Francisco and Dorothy Caputo, MA, BSN, RN, Nurse Planner 2016-10-18T17:30:00-0400 Primary Source JACC: Cardiovascular Interventions Source Reference: Bonaca MP, et al "Peripheral revascularization in patients with peripheral artery disease with vorapaxar: insights from the TRA 2°P–TIMI 50 Trial" JACC Cardiovasc Interv 2016; DOI: 10.1016/j.jcin.2016.07.034. Secondary Source JACC: Cardiovascular Interventions Source Reference: Safian RD "Appropriate use of vorapaxar in patients with peripheral artery disease" JACC Cardiovasc Interv 2016; DOI: 10.1016/j.jcin.2016.08.042. take posttest 0 comments Next More in Cardiology CMS to Cover Leadless Pacemakers ... But Only in Studies Two Not Better Than One for Mammary Artery Grafts? AHA: FFR-Guided Tx Raises Safety Concerns in FUTURE Trial AHA: After Stenting in Afib, Xarelto-Based Anticoagulation Reduces Bleeding Stronger Antiplatelet Not Better in PAD AHA: Brilinta No Better Than Plavix for PAD Angiomax Edges Heparin on Real-World Bleeding Complications Cath Lab Recap: Extra-Strong ICD Shocks; EMS Crew Training Speeds Thrombolysis Next Article MedPageToday is a trusted and reliable source for clinical and policy coverage that directly affects the lives and practices of health care professionals. Physicians and other healthcare professionals may also receive Continuing Medical Education (CME) and Continuing Education (CE) credits at no cost for participating in MedPage Today-hosted educational activities. © 2016 MedPage Today, LLC. All rights reserved. Use of this site constitutes acceptance of the MedPageToday.com terms of use and privacy policy. The material on this site is for informational purposes only, and is not a substitute for medical advice, diagnosis or treatment provided by a qualified health care provider. About Help Center Site Map Advertise with Us



News Specialties CME / CE Collections Medical News Latest Medical News Health Policy Practice Management Public Health Washington Watch Meeting Coverage Blogs & Columns Specialties Allergy & Immunology Anesthesiology Cardiology Critical Care Dermatology Emergency Medicine Endocrinology Gastroenterology Genetics Geriatrics HIV / AIDS Hospital-Based Medicine Infectious Disease Nephrology Neurology Nursing OB / GYN Oncology / Hematology Ophthalmology Orthopedics Pain Management Pathology Pediatrics Primary Care Psychiatry Pulmonology Radiology Rheumatology Surgery Transplantation Urology Continuing Medical Education CME / CE Clinical Context State Required CME Graduate Medical Education CME Tracker Mastery Of Medicine Collections AGA Reading Room ASCO Reading Room Surveys Quizzes Special Reports Sign Up Log In Sign Up Log In Search cme/ce Two Years of Immunotherapy Falls Short in Hay Fever AHA: Healthy Lifestyle Eases Heart Impact of High Genetic Risk VIDEO AHA: No Cognitive Benefit from Heart Drugs in HOPE-3 AHA: Long-Term Benefit in HF Patients Elusive for Novel Vasodilator VIDEO AHA: Study Finds Celebrex Safe for Heart LATEST MEDICAL NEWS Meeting Coverage Aprepitant Trial in Gastroparesis Misses the Primary Mark But positive findings in secondary outcomes may save the day MedpageToday savesaved by Alexandria Bachert Staff Writer, MedPage Today October 18, 2016 This article is a collaboration between MedPage Today® and: LAS VEGAS -- The primary endpoint was missed in the so-called APRON trial of aprepitant (Emend), a neurokinin-1 receptor antagonist, for symptoms of gastroparesis but the drug shouldn't be completely discounted, researchers said here. Compared with placebo, aprepitant did not meet the patient-reported 100-mm visual analog scale (VAS) for nausea (met by 46% of patients on aprepitant versus 40% of the placebo group, 95% CI 0.8-1.7; P=0.43), said Gianrico Farrugia, MD, of the Mayo Clinic in Jacksonville, Fla., at the American College of Gastroenterology annual meeting. However, the 126-participant study did find that aprepitant use resulted in a greater decline in mean daily hours of nausea over 4 weeks (-2.5 versus -1.2 hrs; P=0.03), mean 4-week Gastroparesis Cardinal Symptom Index (GCSI) score (-1.3 versus -0.7; P=0.001), and greater improvement in multiple other measures of symptom severity including the patient-reported PAGI-SYM instrument and the Gastrointestinal Symptom Rating Scale (GSRS). Kenneth R. DeVault, MD, ACG president and session moderator, agreed that future research on aprepitant as a treatment for gastroparesis is necessary. "I completely think that there needs to be another trial because there are so few drugs that will positively affect gastroparesis," he told MedPage Today. "It was a great proof of concept but is really something that will need further study." Aprepitant is currently approved for treating nausea in chemotherapy patients and those coming out of surgery. Researchers (as well as manufacturer Merck) thought it might also be effective in gastroparesis. The multicenter, double-masked trial randomized 126 patients 1:1 to 125 mg/day of oral aprepitant or placebo. The primary efficacy endpoint was either a 25-mm reduction after 4 weeks in patients' VAS reports or a 4-week VAS average of less than 25 mm. At baseline, 57% of patients had delayed gastric emptying and the remainder had normal or rapid emptying but with gastroparesis symptoms; 29% of the sample was diabetic. When asked by an audience member why the trial missed its primary endpoint, Farrugia responded: "We're slaves to the outcomes we chose, [in this case it was] 25-mm change. Now we can argue in retrospect that it was too severe, but that was what we chose." During the presentation Farrugia called attention to the fact that aprepitant showed significant benefits in gastroparesis measures used more commonly, including overall symptom relief and GCSI scores for nausea, vomiting, postprandial fullness, bloating, and abdominal pain. Farrugia noted that twice as many patients in the treatment group versus the placebo group experienced at least one adverse effect (32% vs 16%, P=0.10), yet most were mild to moderate and none were serious. The drug and placebo were provided by Merck. One investigator also reported a consulting relationship with Vanda Pharmaceuticals. 2016-10-18T08:00:00-0400 Primary Source American College of Gastroenterology Source Reference: Pasricha P, et al "Aprepitant for symptoms of gastroparesis and related disorders: the APRON randomized clinical trial" ACG 2016; Abstract 1. 0 comments Next More in Meeting Coverage Two Years of Immunotherapy Falls Short in Hay Fever ACC Video Conference Reporter: AHA 2016 AHA: More Potent Antiplatelet Agent Not Better for PAD AHA: Healthy Lifestyle Eases Heart Impact of High Genetic Risk AHA: No Cognitive Benefit from Heart Drugs in HOPE-3 AHA: Long-Term Benefit in HF Patients Elusive for Novel Vasodilator AHA: Study Finds Celebrex Safe for Heart ACAAI: Early Exposure to Peanuts May Thwart Allergy Next Article MedPageToday is a trusted and reliable source for clinical and policy coverage that directly affects the lives and practices of health care professionals. Physicians and other healthcare professionals may also receive Continuing Medical Education (CME) and Continuing Education (CE) credits at no cost for participating in MedPage Today-hosted educational activities. © 2016 MedPage Today, LLC. All rights reserved. Use of this site constitutes acceptance of the MedPageToday.com terms of use and privacy policy. The material on this site is for informational purposes only, and is not a substitute for medical advice, diagnosis or treatment provided by a qualified health care provider. About Help Center Site Map Advertise with Us
Newsletter FAQ | Cancel Any Time | We Value Your Privacy Wall Street Daily Home Innovation GeoMacro Special Situations Contributors Free Reports Archives About Us Home Innovation GeoMacro Special Situations Contributors Free Reports Archives About Us WSD Team Contact Us Archives Ensure Email Delivery Frequently Asked Questions Broker Listing Superbugs: How Antibiotic-Resistant Bugs Are Killing Mankind Published Wed, Oct 19, 2016  |  David Dittman, Editorial Director Forget ISIS, Obama, Trump, Clinton, and the Kardashians. Set aside even cancer, diabetes, and traffic accidents. The No. 1 threat to civilization might very well be good old bacteria. At the conclusion of his December 11, 1945, Nobel Lecture, Sir Alexander Fleming hypothesized about an “ignorant man” giving himself “not enough to kill the streptococci but enough to educate them to resist penicillin.” The man who shared the 1945 Nobel Prize in Physiology or Medicine with Ernst Boris Chain and Sir Howard Walter Florey “for the discovery of penicillin and its curative effect in various infectious diseases” warned of what we now refer to as “antimicrobial resistance” (AMR). Random changes in organisms’ DNA can have no effect, they can be helpful, and they can be harmful. How you describe such effects is all a matter of perspective. Take bacteria. Here, courtesy of BoingBoing and Harvard Medical School, you can “watch bacteria become resistant to antibiotics in a matter of days.” That’s good for the bacteria. But at the very best, that’s neutral for us humans. And it may indeed signal something really, really bad. The Harvard Medical School video is titled “The Evolution of Bacteria on a ‘Mega-Plate’ Petri Dish.” This mega-plate petri dish measures two feet by four feet. Random changes in organisms’ DNA can have no effect, they can be helpful, and they can be harmful. How you describe such effects is all a matter of perspective. Researchers divided the petri dish into nine bands and lined the base of it with normal levels of agar. The background is black, while the bacteria — Escherichia coli, or E. coli — are white. In the two outside bands, the researchers put no antibiotic. In the next two bands, “there’s barely more than E. coli can survive,” with a value of one for purposes of the experiment. The next two bands contained 10 times as much, the next two after that 100 times as much. The center band contained 1,000 times as much antibiotic as E. coli can survive. After 11 days, the bacteria penetrated and dominated the center band. The experiment illustrates “the process of accumulating successive mutations” that allows the bacteria “normally sensitive to an antibiotic” to “evolve resistance to extremely high concentrations in a short period of time.” We’ve been using antibiotics and similar drugs — collectively known as “antimicrobial agents” — for more than seven decades. Such drugs are used to treat patients who have infectious diseases. But their use has proliferated to an extent that we’re now confronting a novel challenge: AMR. According to an October 2015 study published by the journal PLoS Biology, “Antibiotics are commonly used in animal husbandry, beekeeping, fish-farming and other forms of aquaculture, ethanol production, horticulture, anti-fouling paints, food preservation, and domestically. This provides multiple opportunities for the selection and spread of antibiotic-resistant bacteria.” These are what are commonly referred to now as “superbugs.” Dame Sally Davies, currently Chief Medical Officer for England and formerly a professor with the London School of Medicine, framed the problem during a September 23, 2016, conversation with William Karesh of the Council on Foreign Relations: We misuse antibiotics everywhere. So over 50% of antibiotics worldwide are used in animals and agriculture, including fish farming, actually. In the States, about 80% of your antibiotics are used in animal production. They’re used for growth promotion and in well animals. So they’re actually substituting for good hygiene and sanitation. And as a result, infections — drug-resistant infections — are more prevalent in the States. My working assumption is that your waste disposal is effective, your sewage is effective. But if you go to big farms in China, where they also use antibiotics for growth promotion, the runoff from those farms is full of antibiotics because when animals, including the human animal, eat antibiotics and/or take them, we excrete 70% to 80% of the antibiotics as they are. The rest is residue. So it goes straight into the environment, unless you’ve got good waste management. According to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention, “at least 2 million people per year in the United States become infected with bacteria that are resistant to antibiotics, and at least 23,000 people die as a direct result of these infections.” These are what are commonly referred to now as “superbugs.” Worldwide, the number is more than 700,000. By 2050, we could be looking at 10 million AMR-related deaths per year. For reference’s sake, cancer kills about 8.2 million worldwide annually. We’re doing fantastic things in medical science and biotechnology these days — immunotherapy holds significant cancer-cure promise, gene editing could help us solve Alzheimer’s, robotic surgery will make operations less invasive and more precise, we’re helping quadriplegics “feel” things via neural implants. But we’ve fallen behind on some of the basics. One problem is that the market for antibiotics just isn’t very lucrative. There’s much more money in cancer drugs, for example, or diabetes and hypertension drugs, which have small margins but generate profits over the long haul because patients use them for life. And that’s where pharmaceutical companies’ research and development dollars are going. We can treat cancer, but a cancer patient might, along the way, develop an infection for which there is no antibiotic. So they survive the cancer but die from the infection. Vaccination — which is just a way to stimulate the body’s natural immune response in order to fight infection — is another alternative to widespread human use of antibiotics. Right now, the problem is a lack of access to antibiotics, rather than resistance of bacteria to antibiotics. But that could change. And it will change we continue to prescribe antibiotics without a diagnosis supporting that prescription. Persistent overuse in agriculture is also a significant problem. Government entities can wave the flag for “new antibiotics and better diagnostics and better ways of surveillance,” as Dame Sally Davies put it. At the same time, “It’s not in our hands to impact the veterinary use or the fish-farm use. It’s not in our hands to do more than to comment and advise on the environmental contamination.” We can treat cancer, but a cancer patient might, along the way, develop an infection for which there is no antibiotic. So they survive the cancer but die from the infection. Innovation is now getting a jump-start in the AMR race. France-based Eligo Bioscience recently secured 2 million euros from Seventure Partners to fund research into a potential CRISPR-based solution to the AMR problem. And Iterum Therapeutics will use $40 million in Series A funding to launch an antibiotic licensed from another, unnamed company. Iterum was founded by former executives of Durata, the subject of a November 2014 $675 million buyout by Actavis, which itself was subsequently acquired by Allergan. Durata’s antibiotic Dalvance is used to treat adults with skin infections. Heavyweights are also making their presence felt, as Allergan Plc (AGN), AstraZeneca Plc (AZN), GlaxoSmithKline Plc (GSK), Johnson & Johnson (JNJ), Merck & Co. Inc. (MRK), Novartis AG (NVS), Pfizer Inc. (PFE), and Sanofi SA (SNY) are among the “signatory companies” to a “roadmap to combat antimicrobial resistance” announced September 20, 2016. Mutations — the “raw materials of evolution” — are what made us. But mutations may, ultimately, be the death of us, too. NBNBC A group of undergraduate students at Stanford University’s Chemistry, Engineering & Medicine for Human Health institute (ChEM-H) are working on “novel antibiotics from scratch that might one day stand up to superbugs.” The students are focusing on two bacteria with high mortality rates that are resistant to nearly all antibiotics, Pseudomonas aeruginosa and Acinetobacter baumannii. Their plan has already attracted a $10,000 grant from the ChEM-H institute. Filsinger Interrante, one of the students, told Stanford News, “We believe that these diseases are so bad that if we develop something that actually works, doctors will use it and hospitals will want to have it.” Smart Investing, David Dittman Editorial Director, Wall Street Daily Editorial Director David Dittman is an investment newsletter professional with more than 10 years' experience at staff, management, and strategic levels. Before joining Wall Street Daily he was Chief Investment Strategist for Utility Forecaster, Canadian Edge, and Australian Edge. David, who was present at the creation of several highly successful newsletters, founded and wrote the noted e-letter Maple Leaf Memo. Learn More >> Newsletter FAQ | Cancel Any Time | We Value Your Privacy Related Articles Robotics: Germ-Zappers Are Saving Lives Biomedicine: How to “Print” a Heart on a Chip Wearable Tech: From “Peak Hype” to “Peak Adoption” Trump Administration: Has The Donald Gone Legit? Add Comment Cancel reply Name (required, will be published) Mail (required, will not be published) Website Click to cancel reply Newsletter FAQ | Cancel Any Time | We Value Your Privacy Innovation Wearable Tech: From “Peak Hype” to “Peak Adoption” By David Dittman - Nov 9, 2016 From Lost in Space to Inspector Gadget, wearable technology has long since been a “thing of the future.” But that future is inching closer, as many tech companies are working to make it ubiquitous. GeoMacro Trump Administration: Has The Donald Gone Legit? By David Dittman - Nov 14, 2016 Having won the election, how will a Trump administration look? One name being floated at Treasury Secretary smacks of same-old Establishment status quo. Special Situations Why the Paris Climate Change Agreement Means Nothing By David Dittman - Nov 4, 2016 Is the Paris climate change agreement too little too late? The science seems to confirm that no matter what we do, the damage is done. Global warming may be irreversible. SEARCH Search for: Search Powered by Ajaxy premium research True Alpha VentureCap Strategist Extreme Alpha company About Contributors Contact Us Whitelist Instructions Privacy Policy Disclaimer Syndicate Us FAQ learn more Free Reports Premium Research Income Growth Commodities Geomacro Money Trading Funds Saturday Spotlight contact us T. 1.800.708.1020 T. 410.454.0499 F. 410.864.1650 808 St Paul St. Baltimore, MD 21202 © 2016 Wall Street Daily, LLC. All rights reserved.


