Anmelden   Registrieren? Fan werden finanzen.at ATX 3 154 0,2%  Dow 21 206 0,3%  Nasdaq 5 881 1,1%  Euro 1,1266 -0,2%  ATX P 1 592 0,4%  EStoxx50 3 592 0,7%  Nikkei 20 184 0,0%  CHF 1,0863 0,0%  DAX 12 823 1,3%  FTSE100 7 548 0,1%  Öl 50,6 1,2%  Gold 1 281 0,1%  News Analysen Experten Kolumnen ATX News Börse News & Analysen myfinanzen Broker-Vergleich Ressorts Aktien Anleihen Devisen ETF Fonds Rohstoffe Zertifikate Zinsen CFDs Quellen APA Aktiencheck Businesswire Dow Jones Newswires dpa-AFX Heute im Fokus Nachrichtenarchiv 03.06.2017 20:24:00 A A Teilen Drucken Further Study of Combination of Eisai's Lenvatinib and Merck's Pembrolizumab in Previously Treated Patients with Metastatic Endometrial Cancer Supported by Interim Analysis of Ongoing Phase 1b/2 Trial Tweet WOODCLIFF LAKE, N.J., June 3, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- Eisai Inc. today announced interim results from the first evaluable cohort of Study 111, a Phase 1b/2 study investigating lenvatinib (marketed as Lenvima®), a multiple receptor tyrosine kinase inhibitor, in combination with Merck's (known as MSD outside the United States and Canada) pembrolizumab (marketed as KEYTRUDA®), an anti-PD-1 therapy, in patients with selected solid tumors. In this cohort of previously treated patients (median = 2 prior therapies) with metastatic endometrial cancer (n=23), the confirmed objective response rate (ORR) at week 24, the primary endpoint of the study, was 47.8% (95% CI: 26.8 – 69.4) based on investigator assessment and 52.2% based on independent radiologic review (IRR) (95% CI: 30.6 – 73.2), all of which were partial responses. No new safety signals were found and toxicities were managed with dose interruption, modification or discontinuation. Lenvima and KEYTRUDA are not approved for use in combination, and neither drug is approved for the treatment of endometrial cancer. These results will be presented today at the 2017 Annual Meeting of the American Society of Clinical Oncology (ASCO) in Chicago during the Gynecologic Cancer Poster Session from 1:15-4:45 p.m. CT (Abstract No. 5598). Metastatic endometrial cancer is a difficult-to-treat form of the disease as response rates for patients who have received first-line treatment are often low. Beyond chemotherapy and hormone therapy, there are no FDA-approved therapies for these patients. "We are encouraged by the results of this study in which nearly half of the patients who have received prior systemic therapy for the treatment of recurrent advanced or metastatic endometrial cancer responded to this combination therapy," said Vicky Makker, MD, gynecologic medical oncologist, Memorial Sloan Kettering Cancer Center and lead investigator. "Women whose endometrial cancer has recurred are in need of additional therapeutic options, and we look forward to learning more regarding the potential of this combination regimen for these women." Secondary endpoints include progression-free survival (PFS), disease control rate (DCR; partial response and stable disease), clinical benefit rate (CBR; partial response and durable stable disease), duration of response (DOR) and safety and tolerability. Median PFS was 9.7 months (95% CI: 4.2 – NE) based on investigator assessment and was not reached by IRR. DCR was 95.7% (95% CI: 78.1 – 99.9) based on investigator assessment and 91.3% (95% CI: 72.0 – 98.9) based on IRR. CBR was 73.9% (95% CI: 51.6 – 89.8) based on investigator assessment and 65.2% (95% CI: 42.7 – 83.6) based on IRR. Median DOR was not reached at the time of analysis (2.6 – NE). Tumor shrinkage was observed regardless of MSI (microsatellite instability) status. All patients had a treatment-emergent adverse event (TEAE) and a treatment-related TEAE. The most common TEAEs for the combination regimen were hypertension, fatigue, diarrhea, nausea, and arthralgia. Ten patients experienced serious TEAEs; the only serious TEAE experienced by more than one patient was hypertension. "Given the response rates demonstrated in this study, we are enthusiastic about continuing further research of this immuno-targeted therapy combination regimen in women previously treated for metastatic endometrial cancer," said Alton Kremer, MD, PhD, Chief Clinical Officer and Chief Medical Officer, Oncology Business Group at Eisai. "Little progress has been made in bringing forward new approaches for metastatic endometrial cancer. The interim results of the combination of these two mechanisms are encouraging and further support the potential for pembrolizumab and lenvatinib to help women with this aggressive and difficult-to-treat cancer," said Dr. Eric Rubin, vice president and therapeutic area head, oncology early stage development, Merck Research Laboratories. Lenvima (lenvatinib) is approved by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) for the treatment of patients with locally recurrent or metastatic, progressive, radioactive iodine-refractory differentiated thyroid cancer. Lenvima is also indicated in combination with everolimus for the treatment of patients with advanced renal cell carcinoma following one prior anti-angiogenic therapy. This release discusses an investigational use for FDA-approved products. Lenvima is not approved for use in combination with KEYTRUDA. This release is not intended to convey any conclusions about efficacy or safety of lenvatinib, pembrolizumab or any combination of these two agents. There is no guarantee that any investigational uses of such FDA-approved products will successfully complete clinical development or gain FDA approval. KEYTRUDA® is a registered trademark of Merck Sharp & Dohme Corp., a subsidiary of Merck & Co., Inc. Kenilworth, NJ, USA. About Study 111 Study 111 is a multicenter, open-label Phase 1b/2 basket trial of the combination of lenvatinib (20 mg/day) with pembrolizumab (200 mg intravenously every 3 weeks) in patients with selected solid tumors. The primary endpoint of the Phase 1b study was to determine the maximum tolerated dose of pembrolizumab and lenvatinib in combination. The primary endpoint of the Phase 2 study is investigator-assessed ORR based on immune-related RECIST at week 24. The secondary endpoints include progression-free survival, duration of response, disease control rate, and clinical benefit rate. Twenty three patients with previously treated metastatic endometrial cancer were evaluated in the endometrial cohort. The study is being conducted under an existing clinical trial collaboration agreement between the two companies. About Endometrial Cancer Endometrial cancer occurs in the tissues of the endometrium, which is the inner layer or inner lining of the uterus. In the United States, endometrial cancer is the most common cancer of the female reproductive system. This year approximately 61,300 new cases of endometrial cancer will occur, and an estimated 10,900 women will die from this disease. Nine percent of women have metastatic disease at diagnosis and the 5-year relative survival rate for these women is just over 16%. About Lenvima® (lenvatinib) Lenvima® (lenvatinib) is a kinase inhibitor that is indicated for: Differentiated Thyroid Cancer (DTC): single agent for patients with locally recurrent or metastatic, progressive, radioactive iodine-refractory DTC. Renal Cell Cancer (RCC): in combination with everolimus for patients with advanced RCC following one prior anti-angiogenic therapy. Lenvatinib, discovered and developed by Eisai, is a receptor tyrosine kinase (RTK) inhibitor that inhibits the kinase activities of vascular endothelial growth factor (VEGF) receptors VEGFR1-3. Lenvatinib also inhibits other RTKs that have been implicated in pathogenic angiogenesis, tumor growth, and cancer progression in addition to their normal cellular functions, including fibroblast growth factor (FGF) receptors FGFR1-4; the platelet derived growth factor receptor alpha (PDGFRα), KIT, and RET. The combination of lenvatinib and everolimus showed increased anti-angiogenic and anti-tumor activity as demonstrated by decreased human endothelial cell proliferation, tube formation, and VEGF signaling in vitro and tumor volume in mouse xenograft models of human renal cell cancer greater than each drug alone. Selected Safety Information Warnings and Precautions In DTC, hypertension was reported in 73% of patients on LENVIMA vs 16% with placebo (44% vs 4% grade ≥3). In RCC, hypertension was reported in 42% of patients on LENVIMA + everolimus vs 10% with everolimus alone (13% vs 2% grade 3). Systolic blood pressure ≥160 mmHg occurred in 29% of patients, and 21% of patients had a diastolic blood pressure ≥100 mmHg in the LENVIMA + everolimus–treated group. Blood pressure should be controlled prior to treatment and monitored throughout. Withhold dose for grade 3 hypertension despite optimal antihypertensive therapy; resume at reduced dose when controlled at grade ≤2. Discontinue for life-threatening hypertension In DTC, cardiac dysfunction was reported in 7% of patients on LENVIMA vs 2% with placebo (2% vs 0% grade ≥3). In RCC, decreased ejection fraction and cardiac failure were reported in 10% of patients on LENVIMA + everolimus vs 6% with everolimus alone (3% vs 2% grade 3). Monitor for signs/symptoms of cardiac decompensation. Withhold LENVIMA for development of grade 3 cardiac dysfunction until improvement to grade 0, 1, or baseline. Resume at reduced dose or discontinue based on severity and persistence of cardiac dysfunction. Discontinue for grade 4 cardiac dysfunction In DTC, arterial thromboembolic events were reported in 5% of patients on LENVIMA vs 2% with placebo (3% vs 1% grade ≥3). In RCC, arterial thromboembolic events were reported in 2% of patients on LENVIMA + everolimus vs 6% with everolimus alone (2% vs 4% grade ≥3). Discontinue following an arterial thrombotic event. The safety of resuming LENVIMA after an arterial thromboembolic event has not been established, and LENVIMA has not been studied in patients who have had an arterial thromboembolic event within the previous 6 months Across clinical studies in which 1,160 patients received LENVIMA monotherapy, hepatic failure (including fatal events) was reported in 3 patients and acute hepatitis in 1 patient. In DTC, ALT and AST increases (grade ≥3) occurred in 4% and 5% of patients on LENVIMA, respectively, vs 0% with placebo. In RCC, ALT and AST increases (grade ≥3) occurred in 3% of patients on LENVIMA + everolimus vs 2% and 0% with everolimus alone, respectively. Monitor liver function before initiation, then every 2 weeks for the first 2 months, and at least monthly thereafter during treatment. Withhold dose for liver impairment grade ≥3 until resolved to grade 0, 1, or baseline. Resume at reduced dose or discontinue based on severity/persistence of hepatotoxicity. Discontinue for hepatic failure In DTC, proteinuria was reported in 34% of patients on LENVIMA vs 3% with placebo (11% vs 0% grade 3). In RCC, proteinuria was reported in 31% of patients on LENVIMA + everolimus vs 14% with everolimus alone (8% vs 2% grade 3). Monitor for proteinuria before and during treatment. Withhold dose for proteinuria ≥2 g/24 h. Resume at reduced dose when proteinuria is <2 g/24 h. Discontinue for nephrotic syndrome In RCC, diarrhea was reported in 81% of patients on LENVIMA + everolimus vs 34% with everolimus alone (19% vs 2% grade ≥3). Initiate prompt medical management for the development of diarrhea. Monitor for dehydration. Withhold dose for diarrhea grade ≥3. Resume at a reduced dose when diarrhea resolves to grade 1 or baseline. Permanently discontinue LENVIMA for grade 4 diarrhea despite medical management In DTC, events of renal impairment were reported in 14% of patients on LENVIMA vs 2% with placebo (3% vs 1% grade ≥3). In RCC, events of renal impairment were reported in 18% of patients on LENVIMA + everolimus vs 12% with everolimus alone (10% vs 2% grade ≥3). Withhold LENVIMA for grade 3 or 4 renal failure/impairment. Resume at reduced dose or discontinue, depending on severity/persistence of renal impairment. Active management of diarrhea and any other gastrointestinal (GI) symptoms should be initiated for grade 1 events In DTC, events of GI perforation or fistula were reported in 2% of patients on LENVIMA vs 0.8% with placebo. In RCC, events of GI perforation, abscess, or fistula (grade ≥3) were reported in 2% of patients on LENVIMA + everolimus vs 0% with everolimus alone. Discontinue in patients who develop GI perforation or life-threatening fistula In DTC, QT/QTc interval prolongation was reported in 9% of patients on LENVIMA vs 2% with placebo (2% vs 0% >500 ms). In RCC, QTc interval increases >60 ms were reported in 11% of patients on LENVIMA + everolimus (6% >500 ms) vs 0% with everolimus alone. Monitor electrocardiograms in patients with congenital long QT syndrome, congestive heart failure, bradyarrhythmias, or patients taking drugs known to prolong the QT interval. Monitor and correct electrolyte abnormalities in all patients. Withhold dose for QTc interval prolongation >500 ms. Resume at reduced dose when QTc prolongation resolves to baseline In DTC, hypocalcemia (grade ≥3) was reported in 9% of patients on LENVIMA vs 2% with placebo. In RCC, hypocalcemia (grade ≥3) was reported in 6% of patients on LENVIMA + everolimus vs 2% with everolimus alone. Monitor blood calcium levels at least monthly and replace calcium as necessary. Interrupt and adjust LENVIMA as necessary Across clinical studies in which 1,160 patients received LENVIMA monotherapy, reversible posterior leukoencephalopathy syndrome (RPLS) was reported in 4 patients. Withhold LENVIMA for RPLS until fully resolved. Resume at reduced dose or discontinue based on the severity and persistence of neurologic symptoms Across clinical studies in which 1,160 patients received LENVIMA monotherapy, hemorrhage (grade ≥3) was reported in 2% of patients. In DTC, hemorrhagic events occurred in 35% of patients on LENVIMA vs 18% with placebo (2% vs 3% grade ≥3). There was 1 fatal intracranial hemorrhage case among 16 patients who received LENVIMA and had central nervous system metastases at baseline. The most frequently reported hemorrhagic event was epistaxis (11% grade 1, 1% grade 2). Discontinuation due to hemorrhagic events occurred in 1% of patients on LENVIMA. In RCC, hemorrhagic events occurred in 34% of patients on LENVIMA + everolimus vs 26% with everolimus alone (8% vs 2% grade ≥3). The most frequently reported hemorrhagic event was epistaxis (23% for LENVIMA + everolimus vs 24% with everolimus alone). There was 1 fatal cerebral hemorrhage case. Discontinuation due to hemorrhagic events occurred in 3% of patients on LENVIMA + everolimus. Consider the risk of severe or fatal hemorrhage associated with tumor invasion/infiltration of major blood vessels (eg, carotid artery). Withhold LENVIMA for the development of grade 3 hemorrhage until resolved to grade 0 or 1. Resume at reduced dose or discontinue based on severity/persistence of hemorrhage. Discontinue for grade 4 hemorrhage In DTC patients with normal baseline thyroid-stimulating hormone (TSH), elevation of TSH level above 0.5 mU/L was observed postbaseline in 57% of patients on LENVIMA vs 14% with placebo. In RCC, grade 1 or 2 hypothyroidism occurred in 24% of patients on LENVIMA + everolimus vs 2% with everolimus alone. In RCC patients with normal or low TSH at baseline, elevation of TSH was observed postbaseline in 60% of patients on LENVIMA + everolimus vs 3% with everolimus alone. Monitor thyroid function before initiation of and at least monthly throughout treatment. Treat hypothyroidism according to standard medical practice to maintain a euthyroid state LENVIMA can cause fetal harm when administered to a pregnant woman. Advise females of reproductive potential to use effective contraception during treatment with LENVIMA and for at least 2 weeks following completion of therapy Adverse Reactions In DTC, the most common adverse reactions (≥30%) observed in LENVIMA-treated patients vs placebo-treated patients were hypertension (73% vs 16%), fatigue (67% vs 35%), diarrhea (67% vs 17%), arthralgia/myalgia (62% vs 28%), decreased appetite (54% vs 18%), weight decrease (51% vs 15%), nausea (47% vs 25%), stomatitis (41% vs 8%), headache (38% vs 11%), vomiting (36% vs 15%), proteinuria (34% vs 3%), palmar-plantar erythrodysesthesia syndrome (32% vs 1%), abdominal pain (31% vs 11%), and dysphonia (31% vs 5%) In DTC, adverse reactions led to dose reductions in 68% of patients receiving LENVIMA and in 5% of patients receiving placebo; 18% of patients discontinued LENVIMA and 5% discontinued placebo for adverse reactions. The most common adverse reactions (≥10%) resulting in dose reductions of LENVIMA were hypertension (13%), proteinuria (11%), decreased appetite (10%), and diarrhea (10%); the most common adverse reactions (≥1%) resulting in discontinuation of LENVIMA were hypertension (1%) and asthenia (1%) In RCC, the most common adverse reactions (>30%) observed in patients treated with LENVIMA + everolimus vs everolimus alone were diarrhea (81% vs 34%), fatigue (73% vs 40%), arthralgia/myalgia (55% vs 32%), decreased appetite (53% vs 18%), vomiting (48% vs 12%), nausea (45% vs 16%), stomatitis/oral inflammation (44% vs 50%), hypertension/increased blood pressure (42% vs 10%), peripheral edema (42% vs 20%), cough (37% vs 30%), abdominal pain (37% vs 8%), dyspnea/exertional dyspnea (35% vs 28%), rash (35% vs 40%), weight decreased (34% vs 8%), hemorrhagic events (32% vs 26%), and proteinuria/urine protein present (31% vs 14%). The most common serious adverse reactions (≥5%) were renal failure (11%), dehydration (10%), anemia (6%), thrombocytopenia (5%), diarrhea (5%), vomiting (5%), and dyspnea (5%) In RCC, adverse reactions led to dose reductions or interruption in 89% of patients receiving LENVIMA + everolimus and in 54% of patients receiving everolimus alone. The most common adverse reactions (≥5%) resulting in dose reductions in the LENVIMA + everolimus–treated group were diarrhea (21%), fatigue (8%), thrombocytopenia (6%), vomiting (6%), nausea (5%), and proteinuria (5%). Treatment discontinuation due to an adverse reaction occurred in 29% of patients in the LENVIMA + everolimus–treated group and in 12% of patients in the everolimus-treated group Use in Specific Populations Because of the potential for serious adverse reactions in nursing infants, advise women to discontinue breastfeeding during treatment LENVIMA may result in reduced fertility in females of reproductive potential and may result in damage to male reproductive tissues, leading to reduced fertility of unknown duration For more information about Lenvima, click here for the full Prescribing Information. About Eisai Inc. At Eisai Inc., human health care (hhc) is our goal. We give our first thought to patients and their families, and helping to increase the benefits health care provides. As the U.S. pharmaceutical subsidiary of Tokyo-based Eisai Co., Ltd., we have a passionate commitment to patient care that is the driving force behind our efforts to discover and develop innovative therapies to help address unmet medical needs. Eisai is a fully integrated pharmaceutical business that operates in two global business groups: oncology and neurology (dementia-related diseases and neurodegenerative diseases). Each group functions as an end-to-end global business with discovery, development, and marketing capabilities. Our U.S. headquarters, commercial and clinical development organizations are located in New Jersey; our discovery labs are in Massachusetts and Pennsylvania; and our global demand chain organization resides in Maryland and North Carolina. To learn more about Eisai Inc., please visit us at www.eisai.com/US. Contacts:    Media Inquiries       Investor Inquiries Laurie Landau        Ivor Macleod Eisai Inc.                   Eisai Inc. (201) 746-2510            (201) 746-2660 To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/further-study-of-combination-of-eisais-lenvatinib-and-mercks-pembrolizumab-in-previously-treated-patients-with-metastatic-endometrial-cancer-supported-by-interim-analysis-of-ongoing-phase-1b2-trial-300468300.html SOURCE Eisai Inc. Eintrag hinzufügen Eintrag bearbeiten Erfolgreich hinzugefügt!. Zu Portfolio/Watchlist wechseln. Es ist ein Fehler aufgetreten! Kein Portfolio vorhanden. Bitte zusätzlich den Namen des neuen Portfolios angeben. Keine Watchlisten vorhanden. Bitte zusätzlich den Namen der neuen Watchlist angeben. Portfolioname: Watchlistname: Portfolio: Name: Typ: ISIN: Börse: Anzahl: Aktueller Kurs: Kurszeit: Kaufpreis: Kaufdatum: Kaufwert: EUR   Hinzufügen Speichern   Newssuche   GO   NEWS VON Multi Asset Fonds im Praxistest Hypotheken-Darlehen: Österreichischer Immobilienmarkt auf dem Weg zur Preisblase Bitcoin auf Siegeszug Wann geht die Bombe hoch? "Noch Drohpotenziale vorhanden!" Börse aktuell - Live Ticker Wall Street auf Rekordniveau US-Arbeitsmarktbericht fiel schlechter aus als erwartet. Nachrichten Nachrichten zu Aktien Alle Nachrichten Wie bewerten Sie diese Seite? schlecht sehr gut Aktien ATX DAX EuroStoxx 50 Dow Jones NASDAQ 100 EuroStoxx 50 Nikkei 225 S&P 500 Kontakt  -  Impressum - Werbung Sitemap - Datenschutz - Disclaimer - AGB Für die aufgeführten Inhalte kann keine Gewährleistung für die Vollständigkeit, Richtigkeit und Genauigkeit übernommen werden. Kursinformationen von SIX Financial Information Deutschland GmbH. Verzögerung 15 Min. (Nasdaq, NYSE: 20 Min.). © 1999-2017 finanzen.net GmbH
null
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 3 June 2017 by Maciej Heyman Further Study of Combination of Eisai’s Lenvatinib and Merck’s Pembrolizumab in Previously Treated Patients with Metastatic Endometrial Cancer Supported by Interim Analysis of Ongoing Phase 1b/2 Trial WOODCLIFF LAKE, N.J., June 3, 2017 /PRNewswire/ — Eisai Inc. today announced interim results from the first evaluable cohort of Study 111, a Phase 1b/2 study investigating lenvatinib (marketed as Lenvima®), a multiple receptor tyrosine kinase inhibitor, in combination with Merck’s (known as MSD outside the United States and Canada) pembrolizumab (marketed as KEYTRUDA®), an anti-PD-1 therapy, in patients with selected solid tumors. In this cohort of previously treated patients (median = 2 prior therapies) with metastatic endometrial cancer (n=23), the confirmed objective response rate (ORR) at week 24, the primary endpoint of the study, was 47.8% (95% CI: 26.8 – 69.4) based on investigator assessment and 52.2% based on independent radiologic review (IRR) (95% CI: 30.6 – 73.2), all of which were partial responses. No new safety signals were found and toxicities were managed with dose interruption, modification or discontinuation. Lenvima and KEYTRUDA are not approved for use in combination, and neither drug is approved for the treatment of endometrial cancer. These results will be presented today at the 2017 Annual Meeting of the American Society of Clinical Oncology (ASCO) in Chicago during the Gynecologic Cancer Poster Session from 1:15-4:45 p.m. CT (Abstract No. 5598). Metastatic endometrial cancer is a difficult-to-treat form of the disease as response rates for patients who have received first-line treatment are often low. Beyond chemotherapy and hormone therapy, there are no FDA-approved therapies for these patients. „We are encouraged by the results of this study in which nearly half of the patients who have received prior systemic therapy for the treatment of recurrent advanced or metastatic endometrial cancer responded to this combination therapy,” said Vicky Makker, MD, gynecologic medical oncologist, Memorial Sloan Kettering Cancer Center and lead investigator. „Women whose endometrial cancer has recurred are in need of additional therapeutic options, and we look forward to learning more regarding the potential of this combination regimen for these women.” Secondary endpoints include progression-free survival (PFS), disease control rate (DCR; partial response and stable disease), clinical benefit rate (CBR; partial response and durable stable disease), duration of response (DOR) and safety and tolerability. Median PFS was 9.7 months (95% CI: 4.2 – NE) based on investigator assessment and was not reached by IRR. DCR was 95.7% (95% CI: 78.1 – 99.9) based on investigator assessment and 91.3% (95% CI: 72.0 – 98.9) based on IRR. CBR was 73.9% (95% CI: 51.6 – 89.8) based on investigator assessment and 65.2% (95% CI: 42.7 – 83.6) based on IRR. Median DOR was not reached at the time of analysis (2.6 – NE). Tumor shrinkage was observed regardless of MSI (microsatellite instability) status. All patients had a treatment-emergent adverse event (TEAE) and a treatment-related TEAE. The most common TEAEs for the combination regimen were hypertension, fatigue, diarrhea, nausea, and arthralgia. Ten patients experienced serious TEAEs; the only serious TEAE experienced by more than one patient was hypertension. „Given the response rates demonstrated in this study, we are enthusiastic about continuing further research of this immuno-targeted therapy combination regimen in women previously treated for metastatic endometrial cancer,” said Alton Kremer, MD, PhD, Chief Clinical Officer and Chief Medical Officer, Oncology Business Group at Eisai. „Little progress has been made in bringing forward new approaches for metastatic endometrial cancer. The interim results of the combination of these two mechanisms are encouraging and further support the potential for pembrolizumab and lenvatinib to help women with this aggressive and difficult-to-treat cancer,” said Dr. Eric Rubin, vice president and therapeutic area head, oncology early stage development, Merck Research Laboratories. Lenvima (lenvatinib) is approved by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) for the treatment of patients with locally recurrent or metastatic, progressive, radioactive iodine-refractory differentiated thyroid cancer. Lenvima is also indicated in combination with everolimus for the treatment of patients with advanced renal cell carcinoma following one prior anti-angiogenic therapy. This release discusses an investigational use for FDA-approved products. Lenvima is not approved for use in combination with KEYTRUDA. This release is not intended to convey any conclusions about efficacy or safety of lenvatinib, pembrolizumab or any combination of these two agents. There is no guarantee that any investigational uses of such FDA-approved products will successfully complete clinical development or gain FDA approval. KEYTRUDA® is a registered trademark of Merck Sharp & Dohme Corp., a subsidiary of Merck & Co., Inc. Kenilworth, NJ, USA. About Study 111 Study 111 is a multicenter, open-label Phase 1b/2 basket trial of the combination of lenvatinib (20 mg/day) with pembrolizumab (200 mg intravenously every 3 weeks) in patients with selected solid tumors. The primary endpoint of the Phase 1b study was to determine the maximum tolerated dose of pembrolizumab and lenvatinib in combination. The primary endpoint of the Phase 2 study is investigator-assessed ORR based on immune-related RECIST at week 24. The secondary endpoints include progression-free survival, duration of response, disease control rate, and clinical benefit rate. Twenty three patients with previously treated metastatic endometrial cancer were evaluated in the endometrial cohort. The study is being conducted under an existing clinical trial collaboration agreement between the two companies. About Endometrial Cancer Endometrial cancer occurs in the tissues of the endometrium, which is the inner layer or inner lining of the uterus. In the United States, endometrial cancer is the most common cancer of the female reproductive system. This year approximately 61,300 new cases of endometrial cancer will occur, and an estimated 10,900 women will die from this disease. Nine percent of women have metastatic disease at diagnosis and the 5-year relative survival rate for these women is just over 16%. About Lenvima® (lenvatinib) Lenvima® (lenvatinib) is a kinase inhibitor that is indicated for: Differentiated Thyroid Cancer (DTC): single agent for patients with locally recurrent or metastatic, progressive, radioactive iodine-refractory DTC. Renal Cell Cancer (RCC): in combination with everolimus for patients with advanced RCC following one prior anti-angiogenic therapy. Lenvatinib, discovered and developed by Eisai, is a receptor tyrosine kinase (RTK) inhibitor that inhibits the kinase activities of vascular endothelial growth factor (VEGF) receptors VEGFR1-3. Lenvatinib also inhibits other RTKs that have been implicated in pathogenic angiogenesis, tumor growth, and cancer progression in addition to their normal cellular functions, including fibroblast growth factor (FGF) receptors FGFR1-4; the platelet derived growth factor receptor alpha (PDGFRα), KIT, and RET. The combination of lenvatinib and everolimus showed increased anti-angiogenic and anti-tumor activity as demonstrated by decreased human endothelial cell proliferation, tube formation, and VEGF signaling in vitro and tumor volume in mouse xenograft models of human renal cell cancer greater than each drug alone. Selected Safety Information Warnings and Precautions In DTC, hypertension was reported in 73% of patients on LENVIMA vs 16% with placebo (44% vs 4% grade ≥3). In RCC, hypertension was reported in 42% of patients on LENVIMA + everolimus vs 10% with everolimus alone (13% vs 2% grade 3). Systolic blood pressure ≥160 mmHg occurred in 29% of patients, and 21% of patients had a diastolic blood pressure ≥100 mmHg in the LENVIMA + everolimus–treated group. Blood pressure should be controlled prior to treatment and monitored throughout. Withhold dose for grade 3 hypertension despite optimal antihypertensive therapy; resume at reduced dose when controlled at grade ≤2. Discontinue for life-threatening hypertension In DTC, cardiac dysfunction was reported in 7% of patients on LENVIMA vs 2% with placebo (2% vs 0% grade ≥3). In RCC, decreased ejection fraction and cardiac failure were reported in 10% of patients on LENVIMA + everolimus vs 6% with everolimus alone (3% vs 2% grade 3). Monitor for signs/symptoms of cardiac decompensation. Withhold LENVIMA for development of grade 3 cardiac dysfunction until improvement to grade 0, 1, or baseline. Resume at reduced dose or discontinue based on severity and persistence of cardiac dysfunction. Discontinue for grade 4 cardiac dysfunction In DTC, arterial thromboembolic events were reported in 5% of patients on LENVIMA vs 2% with placebo (3% vs 1% grade ≥3). In RCC, arterial thromboembolic events were reported in 2% of patients on LENVIMA + everolimus vs 6% with everolimus alone (2% vs 4% grade ≥3). Discontinue following an arterial thrombotic event. The safety of resuming LENVIMA after an arterial thromboembolic event has not been established, and LENVIMA has not been studied in patients who have had an arterial thromboembolic event within the previous 6 months Across clinical studies in which 1,160 patients received LENVIMA monotherapy, hepatic failure (including fatal events) was reported in 3 patients and acute hepatitis in 1 patient. In DTC, ALT and AST increases (grade ≥3) occurred in 4% and 5% of patients on LENVIMA, respectively, vs 0% with placebo. In RCC, ALT and AST increases (grade ≥3) occurred in 3% of patients on LENVIMA + everolimus vs 2% and 0% with everolimus alone, respectively. Monitor liver function before initiation, then every 2 weeks for the first 2 months, and at least monthly thereafter during treatment. Withhold dose for liver impairment grade ≥3 until resolved to grade 0, 1, or baseline. Resume at reduced dose or discontinue based on severity/persistence of hepatotoxicity. Discontinue for hepatic failure In DTC, proteinuria was reported in 34% of patients on LENVIMA vs 3% with placebo (11% vs 0% grade 3). In RCC, proteinuria was reported in 31% of patients on LENVIMA + everolimus vs 14% with everolimus alone (8% vs 2% grade 3). Monitor for proteinuria before and during treatment. Withhold dose for proteinuria ≥2 g/24 h. Resume at reduced dose when proteinuria is <2 g/24 h. Discontinue for nephrotic syndrome In RCC, diarrhea was reported in 81% of patients on LENVIMA + everolimus vs 34% with everolimus alone (19% vs 2% grade ≥3). Initiate prompt medical management for the development of diarrhea. Monitor for dehydration. Withhold dose for diarrhea grade ≥3. Resume at a reduced dose when diarrhea resolves to grade 1 or baseline. Permanently discontinue LENVIMA for grade 4 diarrhea despite medical management In DTC, events of renal impairment were reported in 14% of patients on LENVIMA vs 2% with placebo (3% vs 1% grade ≥3). In RCC, events of renal impairment were reported in 18% of patients on LENVIMA + everolimus vs 12% with everolimus alone (10% vs 2% grade ≥3). Withhold LENVIMA for grade 3 or 4 renal failure/impairment. Resume at reduced dose or discontinue, depending on severity/persistence of renal impairment. Active management of diarrhea and any other gastrointestinal (GI) symptoms should be initiated for grade 1 events In DTC, events of GI perforation or fistula were reported in 2% of patients on LENVIMA vs 0.8% with placebo. In RCC, events of GI perforation, abscess, or fistula (grade ≥3) were reported in 2% of patients on LENVIMA + everolimus vs 0% with everolimus alone. Discontinue in patients who develop GI perforation or life-threatening fistula In DTC, QT/QTc interval prolongation was reported in 9% of patients on LENVIMA vs 2% with placebo (2% vs 0% >500 ms). In RCC, QTc interval increases >60 ms were reported in 11% of patients on LENVIMA + everolimus (6% >500 ms) vs 0% with everolimus alone. Monitor electrocardiograms in patients with congenital long QT syndrome, congestive heart failure, bradyarrhythmias, or patients taking drugs known to prolong the QT interval. Monitor and correct electrolyte abnormalities in all patients. Withhold dose for QTc interval prolongation >500 ms. Resume at reduced dose when QTc prolongation resolves to baseline In DTC, hypocalcemia (grade ≥3) was reported in 9% of patients on LENVIMA vs 2% with placebo. In RCC, hypocalcemia (grade ≥3) was reported in 6% of patients on LENVIMA + everolimus vs 2% with everolimus alone. Monitor blood calcium levels at least monthly and replace calcium as necessary. Interrupt and adjust LENVIMA as necessary Across clinical studies in which 1,160 patients received LENVIMA monotherapy, reversible posterior leukoencephalopathy syndrome (RPLS) was reported in 4 patients. Withhold LENVIMA for RPLS until fully resolved. Resume at reduced dose or discontinue based on the severity and persistence of neurologic symptoms Across clinical studies in which 1,160 patients received LENVIMA monotherapy, hemorrhage (grade ≥3) was reported in 2% of patients. In DTC, hemorrhagic events occurred in 35% of patients on LENVIMA vs 18% with placebo (2% vs 3% grade ≥3). There was 1 fatal intracranial hemorrhage case among 16 patients who received LENVIMA and had central nervous system metastases at baseline. The most frequently reported hemorrhagic event was epistaxis (11% grade 1, 1% grade 2). Discontinuation due to hemorrhagic events occurred in 1% of patients on LENVIMA. In RCC, hemorrhagic events occurred in 34% of patients on LENVIMA + everolimus vs 26% with everolimus alone (8% vs 2% grade ≥3). The most frequently reported hemorrhagic event was epistaxis (23% for LENVIMA + everolimus vs 24% with everolimus alone). There was 1 fatal cerebral hemorrhage case. Discontinuation due to hemorrhagic events occurred in 3% of patients on LENVIMA + everolimus. Consider the risk of severe or fatal hemorrhage associated with tumor invasion/infiltration of major blood vessels (eg, carotid artery). Withhold LENVIMA for the development of grade 3 hemorrhage until resolved to grade 0 or 1. Resume at reduced dose or discontinue based on severity/persistence of hemorrhage. Discontinue for grade 4 hemorrhage In DTC patients with normal baseline thyroid-stimulating hormone (TSH), elevation of TSH level above 0.5 mU/L was observed postbaseline in 57% of patients on LENVIMA vs 14% with placebo. In RCC, grade 1 or 2 hypothyroidism occurred in 24% of patients on LENVIMA + everolimus vs 2% with everolimus alone. In RCC patients with normal or low TSH at baseline, elevation of TSH was observed postbaseline in 60% of patients on LENVIMA + everolimus vs 3% with everolimus alone. Monitor thyroid function before initiation of and at least monthly throughout treatment. Treat hypothyroidism according to standard medical practice to maintain a euthyroid state LENVIMA can cause fetal harm when administered to a pregnant woman. Advise females of reproductive potential to use effective contraception during treatment with LENVIMA and for at least 2 weeks following completion of therapy Adverse Reactions In DTC, the most common adverse reactions (≥30%) observed in LENVIMA-treated patients vs placebo-treated patients were hypertension (73% vs 16%), fatigue (67% vs 35%), diarrhea (67% vs 17%), arthralgia/myalgia (62% vs 28%), decreased appetite (54% vs 18%), weight decrease (51% vs 15%), nausea (47% vs 25%), stomatitis (41% vs 8%), headache (38% vs 11%), vomiting (36% vs 15%), proteinuria (34% vs 3%), palmar-plantar erythrodysesthesia syndrome (32% vs 1%), abdominal pain (31% vs 11%), and dysphonia (31% vs 5%) In DTC, adverse reactions led to dose reductions in 68% of patients receiving LENVIMA and in 5% of patients receiving placebo; 18% of patients discontinued LENVIMA and 5% discontinued placebo for adverse reactions. The most common adverse reactions (≥10%) resulting in dose reductions of LENVIMA were hypertension (13%), proteinuria (11%), decreased appetite (10%), and diarrhea (10%); the most common adverse reactions (≥1%) resulting in discontinuation of LENVIMA were hypertension (1%) and asthenia (1%) In RCC, the most common adverse reactions (>30%) observed in patients treated with LENVIMA + everolimus vs everolimus alone were diarrhea (81% vs 34%), fatigue (73% vs 40%), arthralgia/myalgia (55% vs 32%), decreased appetite (53% vs 18%), vomiting (48% vs 12%), nausea (45% vs 16%), stomatitis/oral inflammation (44% vs 50%), hypertension/increased blood pressure (42% vs 10%), peripheral edema (42% vs 20%), cough (37% vs 30%), abdominal pain (37% vs 8%), dyspnea/exertional dyspnea (35% vs 28%), rash (35% vs 40%), weight decreased (34% vs 8%), hemorrhagic events (32% vs 26%), and proteinuria/urine protein present (31% vs 14%). The most common serious adverse reactions (≥5%) were renal failure (11%), dehydration (10%), anemia (6%), thrombocytopenia (5%), diarrhea (5%), vomiting (5%), and dyspnea (5%) In RCC, adverse reactions led to dose reductions or interruption in 89% of patients receiving LENVIMA + everolimus and in 54% of patients receiving everolimus alone. The most common adverse reactions (≥5%) resulting in dose reductions in the LENVIMA + everolimus–treated group were diarrhea (21%), fatigue (8%), thrombocytopenia (6%), vomiting (6%), nausea (5%), and proteinuria (5%). Treatment discontinuation due to an adverse reaction occurred in 29% of patients in the LENVIMA + everolimus–treated group and in 12% of patients in the everolimus-treated group Use in Specific Populations Because of the potential for serious adverse reactions in nursing infants, advise women to discontinue breastfeeding during treatment LENVIMA may result in reduced fertility in females of reproductive potential and may result in damage to male reproductive tissues, leading to reduced fertility of unknown duration For more information about Lenvima, click here for the full Prescribing Information. About Eisai Inc. At Eisai Inc., human health care (hhc) is our goal. We give our first thought to patients and their families, and helping to increase the benefits health care provides. As the U.S. pharmaceutical subsidiary of Tokyo-based Eisai Co., Ltd., we have a passionate commitment to patient care that is the driving force behind our efforts to discover and develop innovative therapies to help address unmet medical needs. Eisai is a fully integrated pharmaceutical business that operates in two global business groups: oncology and neurology (dementia-related diseases and neurodegenerative diseases). Each group functions as an end-to-end global business with discovery, development, and marketing capabilities. Our U.S. headquarters, commercial and clinical development organizations are located in New Jersey; our discovery labs are in Massachusetts and Pennsylvania; and our global demand chain organization resides in Maryland and North Carolina. To learn more about Eisai Inc., please visit us at www.eisai.com/US. Contacts:    Media Inquiries       Investor Inquiries Laurie Landau        Ivor Macleod Eisai Inc.                   Eisai Inc. (201) 746-2510            (201) 746-2660 To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/further-study-of-combination-of-eisais-lenvatinib-and-mercks-pembrolizumab-in-previously-treated-patients-with-metastatic-endometrial-cancer-supported-by-interim-analysis-of-ongoing-phase-1b2-trial-300468300.html SOURCE Eisai Inc. Related Links http://www.eisai.com/US CategoriesUncategorized TagsChildren, Surveys, Polls and Research, Trade Show News, Women Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Dollar General Celebrates Grand Opening in Janesville, Wisconsin, of its 14th Distribution Center Next PostNext Lilly Builds Upon Body of Data for Abemaciclib with Phase 3 MONARCH 2 Data Demonstrating Superior Progression-Free Survival in Advanced Breast Cancer Search Recent Posts Samsung 60th Festival of Sport Carnival cum Closing Ceremony successfully concluded If agriculture fails, so will our rural communities, FUW warns Southwest Airlines Begins Service At Cincinnati/Northern Kentucky International Airport Southwest Airlines Begins Service At Cincinnati/Northern Kentucky International Airport 创新进行时：顶尖科技潮流齐聚2017年亚洲消费电子展 Business Directory Business Contacts Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 3 June 2017 by Maciej Heyman Combination of Incytes Epacadostat plus Mercks KEYTRUDA (pembrolizumab) Demonstrates Activity in Clinical Trial of Patients with Advanced Non-Small Cell Lung Cancer (NSCLC) WILMINGTON, DE and KENILWORTH, NJ –  Incyte Corporation (Nasdaq:INCY) and Merck (NYSD:MRK), known as MSD outside the United States and Canada, today announced updated data from the advanced non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC) patient cohort of the ongoing Phase 1/2 ECHO-202 trial, evaluating epacadostat, Incyte’s selective IDO1 enzyme inhibitor, in combination with KEYTRUDA® (pembrolizumab), Merck’s anti-PD-1 therapy. Data showed an overall response rate (ORR) of 35 percent (n=14/40) among all patients with advanced squamous and non-squamous NSCLC treated with the combination of epacadostat and KEYTRUDA, irrespective of PD-L1 status. Findings will be highlighted in a poster discussion at the 2017 American Society of Clinical Oncology (ASCO) Annual Meeting in Chicago on Saturday, June 3, from 3:00 pm to 4:15 p.m. CDT (Location: Hall D2) (Abstracts #9014). “These updated data suggest that the combination of epacadostat and pembrolizumab has promise for patients with advanced NSCLC, irrespective of PD-L1 status,” said ECHO-202 study investigator Tara Gangadhar, M.D., Assistant Professor of Medicine, Perelman School of Medicine at the Hospital of the University of Pennsylvania. “The results show a clinical benefit for patients with advanced lung cancer and establish a strong basis for progressing this novel, investigational immunotherapy combination into pivotal studies for the first-line treatment of these patients.” Key Findings from the ECHO-202 NSCLC Cohort Data at ASCO (as of February 27, 2017) show an ORR of 35 percent (n=14/40) among all patients with advanced NSCLC treated with the combination of epacadostat and KEYTRUDA, with a complete response (CR) in two patients (5%) and partial response (PR) in 12 patients (30%). The data show a disease control rate (DCR) of 63 percent (n=25/40), with 71 percent (n=10/14) of responses ongoing at the time of the data cut-off (duration of response, range: 8.9 to 76.6+ weeks). Responses were observed in patients with high levels of PD-L1 expression [tumor proportion score (TPS) ≥50%], as well as in those patients with lower levels of PD-L1 expression (TPS of less than 50%). All responses were observed in the subgroup of patients with zero to two prior lines of therapy for advanced disease.    *Note:  PD-L1 status was not available for 11 of the 36 patients.  Among patients treated with KEYTRUDA (pembrolizumab) in combination with epacadostat >100 mg twice daily, the ORR was 40 percent (n=14/35).  The most common treatment-related adverse events (TRAEs) for epacadostat plus KEYTRUDA included fatigue (28%), arthralgia (17%), nausea (14%), decreased appetite (10%), pruritus (10 %), and rash (10%). Grade ≥3 TRAEs that occurred in >1 patient were limited to lipase increased (n=3), fatigue (n=2), and rash (n=2). TRAEs led to discontinuation of treatment in 5 percent of study patients. The safety profile was consistent with previously reported Phase 1 findings, as well as the Phase 1/2 safety results in other tumor cohorts and pooled safety data from this study. In general, the safety profile of the combination was also consistent with KEYTRUDA monotherapy.  About ECHO-202 (KEYNOTE-037) The ECHO-202 study (NCT02178722) is evaluating the safety and efficacy of epacadostat, Incyte’s selective IDO1 inhibitor, in combination with KEYTRUDA. Patients previously treated with anti-PD-1 or anti-CTLA-4 therapies were excluded from this trial. Enrollment is complete for the Phase 1 dose escalation (epacadostat 25, 50, 100 mg BID + KEYTRUDA 2 mg/kg IV Q3W and epacadostat 300 mg BID + KEYTRUDA 200 mg IV Q3W) and Phase 1 dose expansion (epacadostat 50, 100, and 300 mg BID + KEYTRUDA 200 mg IV Q3W) portions of the trial. For more information about ECHO-202, visit https://clinicaltrials.gov/ct2/show/NCT02178722. About ECHO The ECHO clinical trial program was established to investigate the efficacy and safety of epacadostat as a core component of combination therapy in oncology. Ongoing Phase 1 and Phase 2 studies evaluating epacadostat in combination with PD-1 and PD-L1 inhibitors collectively plan to enroll over 900 patients in a broad range of solid tumor types as well as hematological malignancies. ECHO-301 (NCT02752074), a Phase 3 randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled study investigating KEYTRUDA (pembrolizumab) in combination with epacadostat or placebo for the treatment of patients with unresectable or metastatic melanoma, is also underway. For more information about the ECHO clinical trial program, visit www.ECHOClinicalTrials.com. About Epacadostat (INCB024360)Indoleamine 2,3-dioxygenase 1 (IDO1) is a key immunosuppressive enzyme that modulates the anti-tumor immune response by promoting regulatory T cell generation and blocking effector T cell activation, thereby facilitating tumor growth by allowing cancer cells to avoid immune surveillance. Epacadostat is an investigational, highly potent and selective oral inhibitor of the IDO1 enzyme that regulates the tumor immune microenvironment, thereby restoring effective anti-tumor immune responses. In single-arm studies, the combination of epacadostat and immune checkpoint inhibitors has shown proof-of-concept in patients with unresectable or metastatic melanoma. In these studies, epacadostat combined with the CTLA-4 inhibitor ipilimumab or the PD-1 inhibitor KEYTRUDA improved response rates compared with studies of the immune checkpoint inhibitors alone. About KEYTRUDA® (pembrolizumab) Injection KEYTRUDA is an anti-PD-1 therapy that works by increasing the ability of the body’s immune system to help detect and fight tumor cells. KEYTRUDA is a humanized monoclonal antibody that blocks the interaction between PD-1 and its ligands, PD-L1 and PD-L2, thereby activating T lymphocytes which may affect both tumor cells and healthy cells. Studies of KEYTRUDA – from the largest immuno-oncology program in the industry with more than 500 trials – include a wide variety of cancers and treatment settings. The KEYTRUDA clinical program seeks to understand factors that predict a patient’s likelihood of benefitting from treatment with KEYTRUDA, including the exploration of several different biomarkers across a broad range of tumors. KEYTRUDA is administered as an intravenous infusion over 30 minutes every three weeks for the approved indications. KEYTRUDA for injection is supplied in a 100 mg single-dose vial. KEYTRUDA® (pembrolizumab) Indications and Dosing Melanoma KEYTRUDA is indicated for the treatment of patients with unresectable or metastatic melanoma at a fixed dose of 200 mg every three weeks until disease progression or unacceptable toxicity. Lung Cancer KEYTRUDA (pembrolizumab), as a single agent, is indicated for the first-line treatment of patients with metastatic non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC) whose tumors have high PD-L1 expression [tumor proportion score (TPS) ≥50%] as determined by an FDA-approved test, with no EGFR or ALK genomic tumor aberrations. KEYTRUDA, as a single agent, is also indicated for the treatment of patients with metastatic NSCLC whose tumors express PD-L1 (TPS ≥1%) as determined by an FDA-approved test, with disease progression on or after platinum-containing chemotherapy. Patients with EGFR or ALK genomic tumor aberrations should have disease progression on FDA-approved therapy for these aberrations prior to receiving KEYTRUDA. KEYTRUDA, in combination with pemetrexed and carboplatin, is indicated for the first-line treatment of patients with metastatic nonsquamous NSCLC. This indication is approved under accelerated approval based on tumor response rate and progression-free survival. Continued approval for this indication may be contingent upon verification and description of clinical benefit in the confirmatory trials. In metastatic NSCLC, KEYTRUDA is administered at a fixed dose of 200 mg every three weeks until disease progression, unacceptable toxicity, or up to 24 months in patients without disease progression. When administering KEYTRUDA in combination with chemotherapy, KEYTRUDA should be administered prior to chemotherapy when given on the same day. See also the Prescribing Information for pemetrexed and carboplatin. Head and Neck Cancer KEYTRUDA is indicated for the treatment of patients with recurrent or metastatic head and neck squamous cell carcinoma (HNSCC) with disease progression on or after platinum-containing chemotherapy. This indication is approved under accelerated approval based on tumor response rate and durability of response. Continued approval for this indication may be contingent upon verification and description of clinical benefit in the confirmatory trials. In HNSCC, KEYTRUDA is administered at a fixed dose of 200 mg every three weeks until disease progression, unacceptable toxicity, or up to 24 months in patients without disease progression. Classical Hodgkin Lymphoma KEYTRUDA is indicated for the treatment of adult and pediatric patients with refractory classical Hodgkin lymphoma (cHL), or who have relapsed after three or more prior lines of therapy. This indication is approved under accelerated approval based on tumor response rate and durability of response. Continued approval for this indication may be contingent upon verification and description of clinical benefit in the confirmatory trials. In adults with cHL, KEYTRUDA is administered at a fixed dose of 200 mg every three weeks until disease progression or unacceptable toxicity, or up to 24 months in patients without disease progression. In pediatric patients with cHL, KEYTRUDA (pembrolizumab) is administered at a dose of 2 mg/kg (up to a maximum of 200 mg) every three weeks until disease progression or unacceptable toxicity, or up to 24 months in patients without disease progression. Urothelial Carcinoma KEYTRUDA is indicated for the treatment of patients with locally advanced or metastatic urothelial carcinoma who are not eligible for cisplatin-containing chemotherapy. This indication is approved under accelerated approval based on tumor response rate and duration of response. Continued approval for this indication may be contingent upon verification and description of clinical benefit in the confirmatory trials. KEYTRUDA is also indicated for the treatment of patients with locally advanced or metastatic urothelial carcinoma who have disease progression during or following platinum-containing chemotherapy or within 12 months of neoadjuvant or adjuvant treatment with platinum-containing chemotherapy. In locally advanced or metastatic urothelial carcinoma, KEYTRUDA is administered at a fixed dose of 200 mg every three weeks until disease progression or unacceptable toxicity, or up to 24 months in patients without disease progression. Microsatellite Instability-High (MSI-H) Cancer KEYTRUDA is indicated for the treatment of adult and pediatric patients with unresectable or metastatic microsatellite instability-high (MSI-H) or mismatch repair deficient (dMMR) solid tumors that have progressed following prior treatment and who have no satisfactory alternative treatment options, or colorectal cancer that has progressed following treatment with fluoropyrimidine, oxaliplatin, and irinotecan. This indication is approved under accelerated approval based on tumor response rate and durability of response. Continued approval for this indication may be contingent upon verification and description of clinical benefit in the confirmatory trials. The safety and effectiveness of KEYTRUDA in pediatric patients with MSI-H central nervous system cancers have not been established. In adult patients with MSI-H cancer, KEYTRUDA is administered at a fixed dose of 200 mg every three weeks until disease progression, unacceptable toxicity, or up to 24 months in patients without disease progression. In pediatric patients with MSI-H cancer, KEYTRUDA is administered at a dose of 2 mg/kg (up to a maximum of 200 mg) every three weeks until disease progression or unacceptable toxicity, or up to 24 months in patients without disease progression. Selected Important Safety Information for KEYTRUDA® (pembrolizumab)   KEYTRUDA can cause immune-mediated pneumonitis, including fatal cases. Pneumonitis occurred in 94 (3.4%) of 2799 patients receiving KEYTRUDA, including Grade 1 (0.8%), 2 (1.3%), 3 (0.9%), 4 (0.3%), and 5 (0.1%) pneumonitis, and occurred more frequently in patients with a history of prior thoracic radiation (6.9%) compared to those without (2.9%). Monitor patients for signs and symptoms of pneumonitis. Evaluate suspected pneumonitis with radiographic imaging. Administer corticosteroids for Grade 2 or greater pneumonitis. Withhold KEYTRUDA for Grade 2; permanently discontinue KEYTRUDA for Grade 3 or 4 or recurrent Grade 2 pneumonitis. KEYTRUDA can cause immune-mediated colitis. Colitis occurred in 48 (1.7%) of 2799 patients receiving KEYTRUDA, including Grade 2 (0.4%), 3 (1.1%), and 4 (<0.1%) colitis. Monitor patients for signs and symptoms of colitis. Administer corticosteroids for Grade 2 or greater colitis. Withhold KEYTRUDA for Grade 2 or 3; permanently discontinue KEYTRUDA for Grade 4 colitis. KEYTRUDA can cause immune-mediated hepatitis. Hepatitis occurred in 19 (0.7%) of 2799 patients receiving KEYTRUDA, including Grade 2 (0.1%), 3 (0.4%), and 4 (<0.1%) hepatitis. Monitor patients for changes in liver function. Administer corticosteroids for Grade 2 or greater hepatitis and, based on severity of liver enzyme elevations, withhold or discontinue KEYTRUDA. KEYTRUDA can cause hypophysitis. Hypophysitis occurred in 17 (0.6%) of 2799 patients receiving KEYTRUDA, including Grade 2 (0.2%), 3 (0.3%), and 4 (<0.1%) hypophysitis. Monitor patients for signs and symptoms of hypophysitis (including hypopituitarism and adrenal insufficiency). Administer corticosteroids and hormone replacement as clinically indicated. Withhold KEYTRUDA for Grade 2; withhold or discontinue for Grade 3 or 4 hypophysitis. KEYTRUDA can cause thyroid disorders, including hyperthyroidism, hypothyroidism, and thyroiditis. Hyperthyroidism occurred in 96 (3.4%) of 2799 patients receiving KEYTRUDA, including Grade 2 (0.8%) and 3 (0.1%) hyperthyroidism. Hypothyroidism occurred in 237 (8.5%) of 2799 patients receiving KEYTRUDA, including Grade 2 (6.2%) and 3 (0.1%) hypothyroidism. Thyroiditis occurred in 16 (0.6%) of 2799 patients receiving KEYTRUDA, including Grade 2 (0.3%) thyroiditis.  Monitor patients for changes in thyroid function (at the start of treatment, periodically during treatment, and as indicated based on clinical evaluation) and for clinical signs and symptoms of thyroid disorders. Administer replacement hormones for hypothyroidism and manage hyperthyroidism with thionamides and beta-blockers as appropriate. Withhold or discontinue KEYTRUDA for Grade 3 or 4 hyperthyroidism. KEYTRUDA can cause type 1 diabetes mellitus, including diabetic ketoacidosis, which have been reported in 6 (0.2%) of 2799 patients. Monitor patients for hyperglycemia or other signs and symptoms of diabetes. Administer insulin for type 1 diabetes, and withhold KEYTRUDA and administer antihyperglycemics in patients with severe hyperglycemia. KEYTRUDA (pembrolizumab) can cause immune-mediated nephritis. Nephritis occurred in 9 (0.3%) of 2799 patients receiving KEYTRUDA, including Grade 2 (0.1%), 3 (0.1%), and 4 (<0.1%) nephritis. Monitor patients for changes in renal function. Administer corticosteroids for Grade 2 or greater nephritis. Withhold KEYTRUDA for Grade 2; permanently discontinue KEYTRUDA for Grade 3 or 4 nephritis. KEYTRUDA can cause other clinically important immune-mediated adverse reactions. These immune-mediated reactions may occur in any organ system. For suspected immune-mediated adverse reactions, ensure adequate evaluation to confirm etiology or exclude other causes. Based on the severity of the adverse reaction, withhold KEYTRUDA and administer corticosteroids. Upon improvement to Grade 1 or less, initiate corticosteroid taper and continue to taper over at least 1 month. Based on limited data from clinical studies in patients whose immune-related adverse reactions could not be controlled with corticosteroid use, administration of other systemic immunosuppressants can be considered. Resume KEYTRUDA when the adverse reaction remains at Grade 1 or less following corticosteroid taper. Permanently discontinue KEYTRUDA for any Grade 3 immune-mediated adverse reaction that recurs and for any life-threatening immune-mediated adverse reaction. The following clinically significant immune-mediated adverse reactions occurred in less than 1% (unless otherwise indicated) of 2799 patients: arthritis (1.5%), exfoliative dermatitis, bullous pemphigoid, rash (1.4%), uveitis, myositis, Guillain-Barré syndrome, myasthenia gravis, vasculitis, pancreatitis, hemolytic anemia, and partial seizures arising in a patient with inflammatory foci in brain parenchyma. In addition, myelitis and myocarditis were reported in other clinical trials, including classical Hodgkin lymphoma, and postmarketing use. Solid organ transplant rejection has been reported in postmarketing use of KEYTRUDA. Treatment with KEYTRUDA may increase the risk of rejection in solid organ transplant recipients. Consider the benefit of treatment with KEYTRUDA vs the risk of possible organ rejection in these patients. KEYTRUDA can cause severe or life-threatening infusion-related reactions, including hypersensitivity and anaphylaxis, which have been reported in 6 (0.2%) of 2799 patients. Monitor patients for signs and symptoms of infusion-related reactions, including rigors, chills, wheezing, pruritus, flushing, rash, hypotension, hypoxemia, and fever. For Grade 3 or 4 reactions, stop infusion and permanently discontinue KEYTRUDA. Immune-mediated complications, including fatal events, occurred in patients who underwent allogeneic hematopoietic stem cell transplantation (HSCT) after being treated with KEYTRUDA. Of 23 patients with cHL who proceeded to allogeneic HSCT after treatment with KEYTRUDA on any trial, 6 patients (26%) developed graft-versus-host-disease (GVHD), one of which was fatal, and 2 patients (9%) developed severe hepatic veno-occlusive disease (VOD) after reduced-intensity conditioning, one of which was fatal. Cases of fatal hyperacute GVHD after allogeneic HSCT have also been reported in patients with lymphoma who received a PD-1 receptor–blocking antibody before transplantation. These complications may occur despite intervening therapy between PD-1 blockade and allogeneic HSCT. Follow patients closely for early evidence of transplant-related complications such as hyperacute GVHD, severe (Grade 3 to 4) acute GVHD, steroid-requiring febrile syndrome, hepatic VOD, and other immune-mediated adverse reactions, and intervene promptly. Based on its mechanism of action, KEYTRUDA (pembrolizumab) can cause fetal harm when administered to a pregnant woman. If used during pregnancy, or if the patient becomes pregnant during treatment, apprise the patient of the potential hazard to a fetus. Advise females of reproductive potential to use highly effective contraception during treatment and for 4 months after the last dose of KEYTRUDA. KEYTRUDA monotherapy was discontinued due to adverse reactions in 8% of 682 patients with metastatic NSCLC. The most common adverse event resulting in permanent discontinuation of KEYTRUDA was pneumonitis (1.8%). Adverse reactions leading to interruption of KEYTRUDA occurred in 23% of patients; the most common (≥1%) were diarrhea (1%), fatigue (1.3%), pneumonia (1%), liver enzyme elevation (1.2%), decreased appetite (1.3%), and pneumonitis (1%). The most common adverse reactions (occurring in at least 20% of patients and at a higher incidence than with docetaxel) were decreased appetite (25% vs 23%), dyspnea (23% vs 20%), and nausea (20% vs 18%). When KEYTRUDA was administered in combination with carboplatin and pemetrexed (carbo/pem), KEYTRUDA was discontinued in 10% of 59 patients. The most common adverse reaction resulting in discontinuation of KEYTRUDA (≥2%) was acute kidney injury (3.4%). Adverse reactions leading to interruption of KEYTRUDA occurred in 39% of patients; the most common (≥2%) were fatigue (8%), neutrophil count decreased (8%), anemia (5%), dyspnea (3.4%), and pneumonitis (3.4%). The most common adverse reactions (≥20%) with KEYTRUDA compared to carbo/pem alone were fatigue (71% vs 50%), nausea (68% vs 56%), constipation (51% vs 37%), rash (42% vs 21%), vomiting (39% vs 27%), dyspnea (39% vs 21%), diarrhea (37% vs 23%), decreased appetite (31% vs 23%), headache (31% vs 16%), cough (24% vs 18%), dizziness (24% vs 16%), insomnia (24% vs 15%), pruritus (24% vs 4.8%), peripheral edema (22% vs 18%), dysgeusia (20% vs 11%), alopecia (20% vs 3.2%), upper respiratory tract infection (20% vs 3.2%), and arthralgia (15% vs 24%). This study was not designed to demonstrate a statistically significant difference in adverse reaction rates for KEYTRUDA as compared to carbo/pem alone for any specified adverse reaction. It is not known whether KEYTRUDA is excreted in human milk. Because many drugs are excreted in human milk, instruct women to discontinue nursing during treatment with KEYTRUDA and for 4 months after the final dose. About Incyte Incyte Corporation is a Wilmington, Delaware-based biopharmaceutical company focused on the discovery, development and commercialization of proprietary therapeutics. For additional information on Incyte, please visit the Company’s website at www.incyte.com. Follow @Incyte on Twitter at . Merck Focus on CancerMerck’s goal is to translate breakthrough science into innovative oncology medicines to help people with cancer worldwide. At Merck, helping people fight cancer is our passion and supporting accessibility to our cancer medicines is our commitment. Our focus is on pursuing research in immuno-oncology and we are accelerating every step in the journey – from lab to clinic – to potentially bring new hope to people with cancer. As part of our focus on cancer, Merck is committed to exploring the potential of immuno-oncology with one of the fastest-growing development programs in the industry. We are currently executing an expansive research program that includes more than 500 clinical trials evaluating our anti-PD-1 therapy across more than 30 tumor types. We also continue to strengthen our immuno-oncology portfolio through strategic acquisitions and are prioritizing the development of several promising immunotherapeutic candidates with the potential to improve the treatment of advanced cancers. For more information about our oncology clinical trials, visit www.merck.com/clinicaltrials. About Merck For more than a century, Merck, a leading global biopharmaceutical company known as MSD outside of the United States and Canada, has been inventing for life, bringing forward medicines and vaccines for many of the world’s most challenging diseases. Through our prescription medicines, vaccines, biologic therapies and animal health products, we work with customers and operate in more than 140 countries to deliver innovative health solutions. We also demonstrate our commitment to increasing access to health care through far-reaching policies, programs and partnerships. Today, Merck continues to be at the forefront of research to advance the prevention and treatment of diseases that threaten people and communities around the world – including cancer, cardio-metabolic diseases, emerging animal diseases, Alzheimer’s disease and infectious diseases including HIV and Ebola. For more information, visit www.merck.com and connect with us on , , Instagram, YouTube and LinkedIn. Forward-Looking Statement of Incyte Corporation Except for the historical information set forth herein, the matters set forth in this press release, including statements regarding the presentation of updated ECHO-202 data at ASCO, whether epacadostat and pembrolizumab may be an effective and safe treatment for NSCLC patients, and the planned pivotal trials of epacadostat in combination with pembrolizumab, contain predictions, estimates and other forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements are based on the Company’s current expectations and subject to risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results to differ materially, including unanticipated developments and the risks related to the efficacy or safety of the Company’s development pipeline, the results of further research and development, the high degree of risk and uncertainty associated with drug development, clinical trials and regulatory approval processes, other market or economic factors and competitive and technological advances; and other risks detailed from time to time in the Company’s reports filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission, including its Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2017. Incyte disclaims any intent or obligation to update these forward-looking statements. Forward-Looking Statement of Merck & Co., Inc., Kenilworth, N.J., USA This news release of Merck & Co., Inc., Kenilworth, N.J., USA (the “company”) includes “forward-looking statements” within the meaning of the safe harbor provisions of the U.S. Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These statements are based upon the current beliefs and expectations of the company’s management and are subject to significant risks and uncertainties. There can be no guarantees with respect to pipeline products that the products will receive the necessary regulatory approvals or that they will prove to be commercially successful. If underlying assumptions prove inaccurate or risks or uncertainties materialize, actual results may differ materially from those set forth in the forward-looking statements. Risks and uncertainties include but are not limited to, general industry conditions and competition; general economic factors, including interest rate and currency exchange rate fluctuations; the impact of pharmaceutical industry regulation and health care legislation in the United States and internationally; global trends toward health care cost containment; technological advances, new products and patents attained by competitors; challenges inherent in new product development, including obtaining regulatory approval; the company’s ability to accurately predict future market conditions; manufacturing difficulties or delays; financial instability of international economies and sovereign risk; dependence on the effectiveness of the company’s patents and other protections for innovative products; and the exposure to litigation, including patent litigation, and/or regulatory actions. The company undertakes no obligation to publicly update any forward-looking statement, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. Additional factors that could cause results to differ materially from those described in the forward-looking statements can be found in the company’s 2016 Annual Report on Form 10-K and the company’s other filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) available at the SEC’s Internet site (www.sec.gov). Please see Prescribing Information for KEYTRUDA (pembrolizumab) at http://www.merck.com/product/usa/pi_circulars/k/keytruda/keytruda_pi.pdf and Patient Information/Medication Guide for KEYTRUDA at http://www.merck.com/product/usa/pi_circulars/k/keytruda/keytruda_mg.pdf CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious WCPE FM Offers Something New at Noon, Every Day in June Next PostNext 东芝新开发的全隔离N沟道LDMOS在0.13微米模拟功率半导体中实现高HBM鲁棒性和负偏压高击穿电压 Search Recent Posts London Attacks: Statement by European Commission President Jean-Claude Juncker High Representative/Vice-President Federica Mogherini meets with Reported abduction and illegal detention of Azerbaijani national Discours de la HR/VP Federica Mogherini au Sommet de la Communau Extracts of speech given by HR/VP Federica Mogherini to the Conf Business Directory Business Contacts Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Proudly powered by WordPress
Combination of Incyte’s Epacadostat plus Merck’s KEYTRUDA® (pembrolizumab) Demonstrates Activity in Clinical Trial of Patients with Advanced Non-Small Cell Lung Cancer (NSCLC) Updated Phase 1/2 data from ECHO-202 investigating the combination of IDO1 enzyme inhibition and anti-PD-1 therapy in patients with advanced NSCLC, regardless of PD-L1 status, presented at 2017 ASCO Annual Meeting Download Full Size Small Preview Thumbnail ???pagination.previous??? ???pagination.next??? Full Size Small Preview Thumbnail Small Preview Thumbnail June 03, 2017 09:00 AM Eastern Daylight Time WILMINGTON, Del. & KENILWORTH, N.J.--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Incyte Corporation (Nasdaq:INCY) and Merck (NYSE:MRK), known as MSD outside the United States and Canada, today announced updated data from the advanced non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC) patient cohort of the ongoing Phase 1/2 ECHO-202 trial, evaluating epacadostat, Incyte’s selective IDO1 enzyme inhibitor, in combination with KEYTRUDA® (pembrolizumab), Merck’s anti-PD-1 therapy. Data showed an overall response rate (ORR) of 35 percent (n=14/40) among all patients with advanced squamous and non-squamous NSCLC treated with the combination of epacadostat and KEYTRUDA, irrespective of PD-L1 status. Findings will be highlighted in a poster discussion at the 2017 American Society of Clinical Oncology (ASCO) Annual Meeting in Chicago on Saturday, June 3, from 3:00 pm to 4:15 p.m. CDT (Location: Hall D2) (Abstracts #9014). “These updated data suggest that the combination of epacadostat and pembrolizumab has promise for patients with advanced NSCLC, irrespective of PD-L1 status,” said ECHO-202 study investigator Tara Gangadhar, M.D., Assistant Professor of Medicine, Perelman School of Medicine at the Hospital of the University of Pennsylvania. “The results show a clinical benefit for patients with advanced lung cancer and establish a strong basis for progressing this novel, investigational immunotherapy combination into pivotal studies for the first-line treatment of these patients.” Key Findings from the ECHO-202 NSCLC Cohort Data at ASCO (as of February 27, 2017) show an ORR of 35 percent (n=14/40) among all patients with advanced NSCLC treated with the combination of epacadostat and KEYTRUDA, with a complete response (CR) in two patients (5%) and partial response (PR) in 12 patients (30%). The data show a disease control rate (DCR) of 63 percent (n=25/40), with 71 percent (n=10/14) of responses ongoing at the time of the data cut-off (duration of response, range: 8.9 to 76.6+ weeks). Responses were observed in patients with high levels of PD-L1 expression [tumor proportion score (TPS) ≥50%], as well as in those patients with lower levels of PD-L1 expression (TPS of less than 50%). All responses were observed in the subgroup of patients with zero to two prior lines of therapy for advanced disease. ECHO-202 Overall Response Rates (ORR), Disease Control Rates (DCR) and Durability of Response (DoR) in Advanced NSCLC n/N (%)   All pts   0-2 prior lines of therapy for advanced disease   Total   Total   TPS ≥50%*   TPS <50%* ORR   n=14/40 (35)   n=14/36 (39)   n=3/7 (43)   n=6/18 (33)   2 CR (5) 12 PR (30)   2 CR (6) 12 PR (33)   all PR   1 CR (6) 5 PR (28) DCR n=25/40 n=23/36   n=4/7   n=10/18     (63)   (64)   (57)   (56) DoR   10/14 responses ongoing Median (range) duration of response: 26.9+ (8.9 to 76.6+) weeks   *Note: PD-L1 status was not available for 11 of the 36 patients. Among patients treated with KEYTRUDA in combination with epacadostat ≥100 mg twice daily, the ORR was 40 percent (n=14/35). The most common treatment-related adverse events (TRAEs) for epacadostat plus KEYTRUDA included fatigue (28%), arthralgia (17%), nausea (14%), decreased appetite (10%), pruritus (10 %), and rash (10%). Grade ≥3 TRAEs that occurred in >1 patient were limited to lipase increased (n=3), fatigue (n=2), and rash (n=2). TRAEs led to discontinuation of treatment in 5 percent of study patients. The safety profile was consistent with previously reported Phase 1 findings, as well as the Phase 1/2 safety results in other tumor cohorts and pooled safety data from this study. In general, the safety profile of the combination was also consistent with KEYTRUDA monotherapy. About ECHO-202 (KEYNOTE-037) The ECHO-202 study (NCT02178722) is evaluating the safety and efficacy of epacadostat, Incyte’s selective IDO1 inhibitor, in combination with KEYTRUDA. Patients previously treated with anti-PD-1 or anti-CTLA-4 therapies were excluded from this trial. Enrollment is complete for the Phase 1 dose escalation (epacadostat 25, 50, 100 mg BID + KEYTRUDA 2 mg/kg IV Q3W and epacadostat 300 mg BID + KEYTRUDA 200 mg IV Q3W) and Phase 1 dose expansion (epacadostat 50, 100, and 300 mg BID + KEYTRUDA 200 mg IV Q3W) portions of the trial. For more information about ECHO-202, visit https://clinicaltrials.gov/ct2/show/NCT02178722. About ECHO The ECHO clinical trial program was established to investigate the efficacy and safety of epacadostat as a core component of combination therapy in oncology. Ongoing Phase 1 and Phase 2 studies evaluating epacadostat in combination with PD-1 and PD-L1 inhibitors collectively plan to enroll over 900 patients in a broad range of solid tumor types as well as hematological malignancies. ECHO-301 (NCT02752074), a Phase 3 randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled study investigating KEYTRUDA (pembrolizumab) in combination with epacadostat or placebo for the treatment of patients with unresectable or metastatic melanoma, is also underway. For more information about the ECHO clinical trial program, visit www.ECHOClinicalTrials.com. About Epacadostat (INCB024360) Indoleamine 2,3-dioxygenase 1 (IDO1) is a key immunosuppressive enzyme that modulates the anti-tumor immune response by promoting regulatory T cell generation and blocking effector T cell activation, thereby facilitating tumor growth by allowing cancer cells to avoid immune surveillance. Epacadostat is an investigational, highly potent and selective oral inhibitor of the IDO1 enzyme that regulates the tumor immune microenvironment, thereby restoring effective anti-tumor immune responses. In single-arm studies, the combination of epacadostat and immune checkpoint inhibitors has shown proof-of-concept in patients with unresectable or metastatic melanoma. In these studies, epacadostat combined with the CTLA-4 inhibitor ipilimumab or the PD-1 inhibitor KEYTRUDA improved response rates compared with studies of the immune checkpoint inhibitors alone. About KEYTRUDA® (pembrolizumab) Injection KEYTRUDA is an anti-PD-1 therapy that works by increasing the ability of the body’s immune system to help detect and fight tumor cells. KEYTRUDA is a humanized monoclonal antibody that blocks the interaction between PD-1 and its ligands, PD-L1 and PD-L2, thereby activating T lymphocytes which may affect both tumor cells and healthy cells. Studies of KEYTRUDA – from the largest immuno-oncology program in the industry with more than 500 trials – include a wide variety of cancers and treatment settings. The KEYTRUDA clinical program seeks to understand factors that predict a patient’s likelihood of benefiting from treatment with KEYTRUDA, including the exploration of several different biomarkers across a broad range of tumors. KEYTRUDA is administered as an intravenous infusion over 30 minutes every three weeks for the approved indications. KEYTRUDA for injection is supplied in a 100 mg single-dose vial. KEYTRUDA® (pembrolizumab) Indications and Dosing Melanoma KEYTRUDA is indicated for the treatment of patients with unresectable or metastatic melanoma at a fixed dose of 200 mg every three weeks until disease progression or unacceptable toxicity. Lung Cancer KEYTRUDA (pembrolizumab), as a single agent, is indicated for the first-line treatment of patients with metastatic non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC) whose tumors have high PD-L1 expression [tumor proportion score (TPS) ≥50%] as determined by an FDA-approved test, with no EGFR or ALK genomic tumor aberrations. KEYTRUDA, as a single agent, is also indicated for the treatment of patients with metastatic NSCLC whose tumors express PD-L1 (TPS ≥1%) as determined by an FDA-approved test, with disease progression on or after platinum-containing chemotherapy. Patients with EGFR or ALK genomic tumor aberrations should have disease progression on FDA-approved therapy for these aberrations prior to receiving KEYTRUDA. KEYTRUDA, in combination with pemetrexed and carboplatin, is indicated for the first-line treatment of patients with metastatic nonsquamous NSCLC. This indication is approved under accelerated approval based on tumor response rate and progression-free survival. Continued approval for this indication may be contingent upon verification and description of clinical benefit in the confirmatory trials. In metastatic NSCLC, KEYTRUDA is administered at a fixed dose of 200 mg every three weeks until disease progression, unacceptable toxicity, or up to 24 months in patients without disease progression. When administering KEYTRUDA in combination with chemotherapy, KEYTRUDA should be administered prior to chemotherapy when given on the same day. See also the Prescribing Information for pemetrexed and carboplatin. Head and Neck Cancer KEYTRUDA is indicated for the treatment of patients with recurrent or metastatic head and neck squamous cell carcinoma (HNSCC) with disease progression on or after platinum-containing chemotherapy. This indication is approved under accelerated approval based on tumor response rate and durability of response. Continued approval for this indication may be contingent upon verification and description of clinical benefit in the confirmatory trials. In HNSCC, KEYTRUDA is administered at a fixed dose of 200 mg every three weeks until disease progression, unacceptable toxicity, or up to 24 months in patients without disease progression. Classical Hodgkin Lymphoma KEYTRUDA is indicated for the treatment of adult and pediatric patients with refractory classical Hodgkin lymphoma (cHL), or who have relapsed after three or more prior lines of therapy. This indication is approved under accelerated approval based on tumor response rate and durability of response. Continued approval for this indication may be contingent upon verification and description of clinical benefit in the confirmatory trials. In adults with cHL, KEYTRUDA is administered at a fixed dose of 200 mg every three weeks until disease progression or unacceptable toxicity, or up to 24 months in patients without disease progression. In pediatric patients with cHL, KEYTRUDA (pembrolizumab) is administered at a dose of 2 mg/kg (up to a maximum of 200 mg) every three weeks until disease progression or unacceptable toxicity, or up to 24 months in patients without disease progression. Urothelial Carcinoma KEYTRUDA is indicated for the treatment of patients with locally advanced or metastatic urothelial carcinoma who are not eligible for cisplatin-containing chemotherapy. This indication is approved under accelerated approval based on tumor response rate and duration of response. Continued approval for this indication may be contingent upon verification and description of clinical benefit in the confirmatory trials. KEYTRUDA is also indicated for the treatment of patients with locally advanced or metastatic urothelial carcinoma who have disease progression during or following platinum-containing chemotherapy or within 12 months of neoadjuvant or adjuvant treatment with platinum-containing chemotherapy. In locally advanced or metastatic urothelial carcinoma, KEYTRUDA is administered at a fixed dose of 200 mg every three weeks until disease progression or unacceptable toxicity, or up to 24 months in patients without disease progression. Microsatellite Instability-High (MSI-H) Cancer KEYTRUDA is indicated for the treatment of adult and pediatric patients with unresectable or metastatic microsatellite instability-high (MSI-H) or mismatch repair deficient (dMMR) solid tumors that have progressed following prior treatment and who have no satisfactory alternative treatment options, or colorectal cancer that has progressed following treatment with fluoropyrimidine, oxaliplatin, and irinotecan. This indication is approved under accelerated approval based on tumor response rate and durability of response. Continued approval for this indication may be contingent upon verification and description of clinical benefit in the confirmatory trials. The safety and effectiveness of KEYTRUDA in pediatric patients with MSI-H central nervous system cancers have not been established. In adult patients with MSI-H cancer, KEYTRUDA is administered at a fixed dose of 200 mg every three weeks until disease progression, unacceptable toxicity, or up to 24 months in patients without disease progression. In pediatric patients with MSI-H cancer, KEYTRUDA is administered at a dose of 2 mg/kg (up to a maximum of 200 mg) every three weeks until disease progression or unacceptable toxicity, or up to 24 months in patients without disease progression. Selected Important Safety Information for KEYTRUDA® (pembrolizumab) KEYTRUDA can cause immune-mediated pneumonitis, including fatal cases. Pneumonitis occurred in 94 (3.4%) of 2799 patients receiving KEYTRUDA, including Grade 1 (0.8%), 2 (1.3%), 3 (0.9%), 4 (0.3%), and 5 (0.1%) pneumonitis, and occurred more frequently in patients with a history of prior thoracic radiation (6.9%) compared to those without (2.9%). Monitor patients for signs and symptoms of pneumonitis. Evaluate suspected pneumonitis with radiographic imaging. Administer corticosteroids for Grade 2 or greater pneumonitis. Withhold KEYTRUDA for Grade 2; permanently discontinue KEYTRUDA for Grade 3 or 4 or recurrent Grade 2 pneumonitis. KEYTRUDA can cause immune-mediated colitis. Colitis occurred in 48 (1.7%) of 2799 patients receiving KEYTRUDA, including Grade 2 (0.4%), 3 (1.1%), and 4 (<0.1%) colitis. Monitor patients for signs and symptoms of colitis. Administer corticosteroids for Grade 2 or greater colitis. Withhold KEYTRUDA for Grade 2 or 3; permanently discontinue KEYTRUDA for Grade 4 colitis. KEYTRUDA can cause immune-mediated hepatitis. Hepatitis occurred in 19 (0.7%) of 2799 patients receiving KEYTRUDA, including Grade 2 (0.1%), 3 (0.4%), and 4 (<0.1%) hepatitis. Monitor patients for changes in liver function. Administer corticosteroids for Grade 2 or greater hepatitis and, based on severity of liver enzyme elevations, withhold or discontinue KEYTRUDA. KEYTRUDA can cause hypophysitis. Hypophysitis occurred in 17 (0.6%) of 2799 patients receiving KEYTRUDA, including Grade 2 (0.2%), 3 (0.3%), and 4 (<0.1%) hypophysitis. Monitor patients for signs and symptoms of hypophysitis (including hypopituitarism and adrenal insufficiency). Administer corticosteroids and hormone replacement as clinically indicated. Withhold KEYTRUDA for Grade 2; withhold or discontinue for Grade 3 or 4 hypophysitis. KEYTRUDA can cause thyroid disorders, including hyperthyroidism, hypothyroidism, and thyroiditis. Hyperthyroidism occurred in 96 (3.4%) of 2799 patients receiving KEYTRUDA, including Grade 2 (0.8%) and 3 (0.1%) hyperthyroidism. Hypothyroidism occurred in 237 (8.5%) of 2799 patients receiving KEYTRUDA, including Grade 2 (6.2%) and 3 (0.1%) hypothyroidism. Thyroiditis occurred in 16 (0.6%) of 2799 patients receiving KEYTRUDA, including Grade 2 (0.3%) thyroiditis. Monitor patients for changes in thyroid function (at the start of treatment, periodically during treatment, and as indicated based on clinical evaluation) and for clinical signs and symptoms of thyroid disorders. Administer replacement hormones for hypothyroidism and manage hyperthyroidism with thionamides and beta-blockers as appropriate. Withhold or discontinue KEYTRUDA for Grade 3 or 4 hyperthyroidism. KEYTRUDA can cause type 1 diabetes mellitus, including diabetic ketoacidosis, which have been reported in 6 (0.2%) of 2799 patients. Monitor patients for hyperglycemia or other signs and symptoms of diabetes. Administer insulin for type 1 diabetes, and withhold KEYTRUDA and administer antihyperglycemics in patients with severe hyperglycemia. KEYTRUDA (pembrolizumab) can cause immune-mediated nephritis. Nephritis occurred in 9 (0.3%) of 2799 patients receiving KEYTRUDA, including Grade 2 (0.1%), 3 (0.1%), and 4 (<0.1%) nephritis. Monitor patients for changes in renal function. Administer corticosteroids for Grade 2 or greater nephritis. Withhold KEYTRUDA for Grade 2; permanently discontinue KEYTRUDA for Grade 3 or 4 nephritis. KEYTRUDA can cause other clinically important immune-mediated adverse reactions. These immune-mediated reactions may occur in any organ system. For suspected immune-mediated adverse reactions, ensure adequate evaluation to confirm etiology or exclude other causes. Based on the severity of the adverse reaction, withhold KEYTRUDA and administer corticosteroids. Upon improvement to Grade 1 or less, initiate corticosteroid taper and continue to taper over at least 1 month. Based on limited data from clinical studies in patients whose immune-related adverse reactions could not be controlled with corticosteroid use, administration of other systemic immunosuppressants can be considered. Resume KEYTRUDA when the adverse reaction remains at Grade 1 or less following corticosteroid taper. Permanently discontinue KEYTRUDA for any Grade 3 immune-mediated adverse reaction that recurs and for any life-threatening immune-mediated adverse reaction. The following clinically significant immune-mediated adverse reactions occurred in less than 1% (unless otherwise indicated) of 2799 patients: arthritis (1.5%), exfoliative dermatitis, bullous pemphigoid, rash (1.4%), uveitis, myositis, Guillain-Barré syndrome, myasthenia gravis, vasculitis, pancreatitis, hemolytic anemia, and partial seizures arising in a patient with inflammatory foci in brain parenchyma. In addition, myelitis and myocarditis were reported in other clinical trials, including classical Hodgkin lymphoma, and postmarketing use. Solid organ transplant rejection has been reported in postmarketing use of KEYTRUDA. Treatment with KEYTRUDA may increase the risk of rejection in solid organ transplant recipients. Consider the benefit of treatment with KEYTRUDA vs the risk of possible organ rejection in these patients. KEYTRUDA can cause severe or life-threatening infusion-related reactions, including hypersensitivity and anaphylaxis, which have been reported in 6 (0.2%) of 2799 patients. Monitor patients for signs and symptoms of infusion-related reactions, including rigors, chills, wheezing, pruritus, flushing, rash, hypotension, hypoxemia, and fever. For Grade 3 or 4 reactions, stop infusion and permanently discontinue KEYTRUDA. Immune-mediated complications, including fatal events, occurred in patients who underwent allogeneic hematopoietic stem cell transplantation (HSCT) after being treated with KEYTRUDA. Of 23 patients with cHL who proceeded to allogeneic HSCT after treatment with KEYTRUDA on any trial, 6 patients (26%) developed graft-versus-host-disease (GVHD), one of which was fatal, and 2 patients (9%) developed severe hepatic veno-occlusive disease (VOD) after reduced-intensity conditioning, one of which was fatal. Cases of fatal hyperacute GVHD after allogeneic HSCT have also been reported in patients with lymphoma who received a PD-1 receptor–blocking antibody before transplantation. These complications may occur despite intervening therapy between PD-1 blockade and allogeneic HSCT. Follow patients closely for early evidence of transplant-related complications such as hyperacute GVHD, severe (Grade 3 to 4) acute GVHD, steroid-requiring febrile syndrome, hepatic VOD, and other immune-mediated adverse reactions, and intervene promptly. Based on its mechanism of action, KEYTRUDA (pembrolizumab) can cause fetal harm when administered to a pregnant woman. If used during pregnancy, or if the patient becomes pregnant during treatment, apprise the patient of the potential hazard to a fetus. Advise females of reproductive potential to use highly effective contraception during treatment and for 4 months after the last dose of KEYTRUDA. KEYTRUDA monotherapy was discontinued due to adverse reactions in 8% of 682 patients with metastatic NSCLC. The most common adverse event resulting in permanent discontinuation of KEYTRUDA was pneumonitis (1.8%). Adverse reactions leading to interruption of KEYTRUDA occurred in 23% of patients; the most common (≥1%) were diarrhea (1%), fatigue (1.3%), pneumonia (1%), liver enzyme elevation (1.2%), decreased appetite (1.3%), and pneumonitis (1%). The most common adverse reactions (occurring in at least 20% of patients and at a higher incidence than with docetaxel) were decreased appetite (25% vs 23%), dyspnea (23% vs 20%), and nausea (20% vs 18%). When KEYTRUDA was administered in combination with carboplatin and pemetrexed (carbo/pem), KEYTRUDA was discontinued in 10% of 59 patients. The most common adverse reaction resulting in discontinuation of KEYTRUDA (≥2%) was acute kidney injury (3.4%). Adverse reactions leading to interruption of KEYTRUDA occurred in 39% of patients; the most common (≥2%) were fatigue (8%), neutrophil count decreased (8%), anemia (5%), dyspnea (3.4%), and pneumonitis (3.4%). The most common adverse reactions (≥20%) with KEYTRUDA compared to carbo/pem alone were fatigue (71% vs 50%), nausea (68% vs 56%), constipation (51% vs 37%), rash (42% vs 21%), vomiting (39% vs 27%), dyspnea (39% vs 21%), diarrhea (37% vs 23%), decreased appetite (31% vs 23%), headache (31% vs 16%), cough (24% vs 18%), dizziness (24% vs 16%), insomnia (24% vs 15%), pruritus (24% vs 4.8%), peripheral edema (22% vs 18%), dysgeusia (20% vs 11%), alopecia (20% vs 3.2%), upper respiratory tract infection (20% vs 3.2%), and arthralgia (15% vs 24%). This study was not designed to demonstrate a statistically significant difference in adverse reaction rates for KEYTRUDA as compared to carbo/pem alone for any specified adverse reaction. It is not known whether KEYTRUDA is excreted in human milk. Because many drugs are excreted in human milk, instruct women to discontinue nursing during treatment with KEYTRUDA and for 4 months after the final dose. About Incyte Incyte Corporation is a Wilmington, Delaware-based biopharmaceutical company focused on the discovery, development and commercialization of proprietary therapeutics. For additional information on Incyte, please visit the Company’s website at www.incyte.com. Follow @Incyte on Twitter at https://twitter.com/Incyte. Merck Focus on Cancer Merck’s goal is to translate breakthrough science into innovative oncology medicines to help people with cancer worldwide. At Merck, helping people fight cancer is our passion and supporting accessibility to our cancer medicines is our commitment. Our focus is on pursuing research in immuno-oncology and we are accelerating every step in the journey – from lab to clinic – to potentially bring new hope to people with cancer. As part of our focus on cancer, Merck is committed to exploring the potential of immuno-oncology with one of the fastest-growing development programs in the industry. We are currently executing an expansive research program that includes more than 500 clinical trials evaluating our anti-PD-1 therapy across more than 30 tumor types. We also continue to strengthen our immuno-oncology portfolio through strategic acquisitions and are prioritizing the development of several promising immunotherapeutic candidates with the potential to improve the treatment of advanced cancers. For more information about our oncology clinical trials, visit www.merck.com/clinicaltrials. About Merck For more than a century, Merck, a leading global biopharmaceutical company known as MSD outside of the United States and Canada, has been inventing for life, bringing forward medicines and vaccines for many of the world’s most challenging diseases. Through our prescription medicines, vaccines, biologic therapies and animal health products, we work with customers and operate in more than 140 countries to deliver innovative health solutions. We also demonstrate our commitment to increasing access to health care through far-reaching policies, programs and partnerships. Today, Merck continues to be at the forefront of research to advance the prevention and treatment of diseases that threaten people and communities around the world - including cancer, cardio-metabolic diseases, emerging animal diseases, Alzheimer’s disease and infectious diseases including HIV and Ebola. For more information, visit www.merck.com and connect with us on Twitter, Facebook, Instagram, YouTube and LinkedIn. Forward-Looking Statement of Incyte Corporation Except for the historical information set forth herein, the matters set forth in this press release, including statements regarding the presentation of updated ECHO-202 data at ASCO, whether epacadostat and pembrolizumab may be an effective and safe treatment for NSCLC patients, and the planned pivotal trials of epacadostat in combination with pembrolizumab, contain predictions, estimates and other forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements are based on the Company’s current expectations and subject to risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results to differ materially, including unanticipated developments and the risks related to the efficacy or safety of the Company’s development pipeline, the results of further research and development, the high degree of risk and uncertainty associated with drug development, clinical trials and regulatory approval processes, other market or economic factors and competitive and technological advances; and other risks detailed from time to time in the Company’s reports filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission, including its Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2017. Incyte disclaims any intent or obligation to update these forward-looking statements. Forward-Looking Statement of Merck & Co., Inc., Kenilworth, N.J., USA This news release of Merck & Co., Inc., Kenilworth, N.J., USA (the “company”) includes “forward-looking statements” within the meaning of the safe harbor provisions of the U.S. Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These statements are based upon the current beliefs and expectations of the company’s management and are subject to significant risks and uncertainties. There can be no guarantees with respect to pipeline products that the products will receive the necessary regulatory approvals or that they will prove to be commercially successful. If underlying assumptions prove inaccurate or risks or uncertainties materialize, actual results may differ materially from those set forth in the forward-looking statements. Risks and uncertainties include but are not limited to, general industry conditions and competition; general economic factors, including interest rate and currency exchange rate fluctuations; the impact of pharmaceutical industry regulation and health care legislation in the United States and internationally; global trends toward health care cost containment; technological advances, new products and patents attained by competitors; challenges inherent in new product development, including obtaining regulatory approval; the company’s ability to accurately predict future market conditions; manufacturing difficulties or delays; financial instability of international economies and sovereign risk; dependence on the effectiveness of the company’s patents and other protections for innovative products; and the exposure to litigation, including patent litigation, and/or regulatory actions. The company undertakes no obligation to publicly update any forward-looking statement, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. Additional factors that could cause results to differ materially from those described in the forward-looking statements can be found in the company’s 2016 Annual Report on Form 10-K and the company’s other filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) available at the SEC’s Internet site (www.sec.gov). Please see Prescribing Information for KEYTRUDA (pembrolizumab) at http://www.merck.com/product/usa/pi_circulars/k/keytruda/keytruda_pi.pdf and Patient Information/Medication Guide for KEYTRUDA at http://www.merck.com/product/usa/pi_circulars/k/keytruda/keytruda_mg.pdf Contacts Incyte Corporation Media Catalina Loveman, +1-302-498-6171 or Investors Michael Booth, DPhil, +1-302-498-5914 or Merck & Co., Inc. Media Pamela Eisele, +1-267-305-3558 or Courtney Ronaldo, +1-908-740-6132 or Investors Teri Loxam, +1-908-740-1986 or Amy Klug, +1-908-740-1898 Release Summary Combination of Incyte’s Epacadostat plus Merck’s KEYTRUDA (pembrolizumab) Demonstrates Activity in Clinical Trial of Patients with Advanced Non-Small Cell Lung Cancer (NSCLC) #Hashtags #ASCO17 $Cashtags $INCY Social Media Profiles Incyte Corporation Contacts Incyte Corporation Media Catalina Loveman, +1-302-498-6171 or Investors Michael Booth, DPhil, +1-302-498-5914 or Merck & Co., Inc. Media Pamela Eisele, +1-267-305-3558 or Courtney Ronaldo, +1-908-740-6132 or Investors Teri Loxam, +1-908-740-1986 or Amy Klug, +1-908-740-1898 Site Navigation Home Home Submit a Press Release Services News All News News with Multimedia News by Industry News by Subject News by Language Tradeshows & Events Earnings & Conference Calls Education Overview Distribution & Media Media & Journalist Tools Sample Press Release FAQ Find Your News Online How-to Disclosure Resources About Us Overview Become a Member Contact Us Follow Us Jobs Business Wire Newsroom Business Wire Events Search Advanced News Search Advanced News Search Log In Sign Up Follow Us Twitter LinkedIn Google+ More from Business Wire Blog Apps UK/Ireland Deutschland France Hong Kong Italy Japan EON: Enhanced Online News Tradeshownews.com PYMNTS.com Business Wire Information Contact Us Privacy Statement Terms of Use © 2017 Business Wire, Inc.
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 3 June 2017 by Maciej Heyman Combination of Incyte’s Epacadostat plus Merck’s KEYTRUDA® (pembrolizumab) Demonstrates Activity in Clinical Trial of Patients with Advanced Non-Small Cell Lung Cancer (NSCLC) WILMINGTON, Del. & KENILWORTH, N.J.–(BUSINESS WIRE)–Incyte Corporation (Nasdaq:INCY) and Merck (NYSE:MRK), known as MSD outside the United States and Canada, today announced updated data from the advanced non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC) patient cohort of the ongoing Phase 1/2 ECHO-202 trial, evaluating epacadostat, Incyte’s selective IDO1 enzyme inhibitor, in combination with KEYTRUDA® (pembrolizumab), Merck’s anti-PD-1 therapy. Data showed an overall response rate (ORR) of 35 percent (n=14/40) among all patients with advanced squamous and non-squamous NSCLC treated with the combination of epacadostat and KEYTRUDA, irrespective of PD-L1 status. Findings will be highlighted in a poster discussion at the 2017 American Society of Clinical Oncology (ASCO) Annual Meeting in Chicago on Saturday, June 3, from 3:00 pm to 4:15 p.m. CDT (Location: Hall D2) (Abstracts #9014). “These updated data suggest that the combination of epacadostat and pembrolizumab has promise for patients with advanced NSCLC, irrespective of PD-L1 status,” said ECHO-202 study investigator Tara Gangadhar, M.D., Assistant Professor of Medicine, Perelman School of Medicine at the Hospital of the University of Pennsylvania. “The results show a clinical benefit for patients with advanced lung cancer and establish a strong basis for progressing this novel, investigational immunotherapy combination into pivotal studies for the first-line treatment of these patients.” Key Findings from the ECHO-202 NSCLC Cohort Data at ASCO (as of February 27, 2017) show an ORR of 35 percent (n=14/40) among all patients with advanced NSCLC treated with the combination of epacadostat and KEYTRUDA, with a complete response (CR) in two patients (5%) and partial response (PR) in 12 patients (30%). The data show a disease control rate (DCR) of 63 percent (n=25/40), with 71 percent (n=10/14) of responses ongoing at the time of the data cut-off (duration of response, range: 8.9 to 76.6+ weeks). Responses were observed in patients with high levels of PD-L1 expression [tumor proportion score (TPS) ≥50%], as well as in those patients with lower levels of PD-L1 expression (TPS of less than 50%). All responses were observed in the subgroup of patients with zero to two prior lines of therapy for advanced disease. ECHO-202 Overall Response Rates (ORR), Disease Control Rates (DCR) and Durability of Response (DoR) in Advanced NSCLC n/N (%)   All pts   0-2 prior lines of therapy for advanced disease   Total   Total   TPS ≥50%*   TPS <50%* ORR   n=14/40 (35)   n=14/36 (39)   n=3/7 (43)   n=6/18 (33)   2 CR (5) 12 PR (30)   2 CR (6) 12 PR (33)   all PR   1 CR (6) 5 PR (28) DCR n=25/40 n=23/36   n=4/7   n=10/18     (63)   (64)   (57)   (56) DoR   10/14 responses ongoing Median (range) duration of response: 26.9+ (8.9 to 76.6+) weeks   *Note: PD-L1 status was not available for 11 of the 36 patients. Among patients treated with KEYTRUDA in combination with epacadostat ≥100 mg twice daily, the ORR was 40 percent (n=14/35). The most common treatment-related adverse events (TRAEs) for epacadostat plus KEYTRUDA included fatigue (28%), arthralgia (17%), nausea (14%), decreased appetite (10%), pruritus (10 %), and rash (10%). Grade ≥3 TRAEs that occurred in >1 patient were limited to lipase increased (n=3), fatigue (n=2), and rash (n=2). TRAEs led to discontinuation of treatment in 5 percent of study patients. The safety profile was consistent with previously reported Phase 1 findings, as well as the Phase 1/2 safety results in other tumor cohorts and pooled safety data from this study. In general, the safety profile of the combination was also consistent with KEYTRUDA monotherapy. About ECHO-202 (KEYNOTE-037) The ECHO-202 study (NCT02178722) is evaluating the safety and efficacy of epacadostat, Incyte’s selective IDO1 inhibitor, in combination with KEYTRUDA. Patients previously treated with anti-PD-1 or anti-CTLA-4 therapies were excluded from this trial. Enrollment is complete for the Phase 1 dose escalation (epacadostat 25, 50, 100 mg BID + KEYTRUDA 2 mg/kg IV Q3W and epacadostat 300 mg BID + KEYTRUDA 200 mg IV Q3W) and Phase 1 dose expansion (epacadostat 50, 100, and 300 mg BID + KEYTRUDA 200 mg IV Q3W) portions of the trial. For more information about ECHO-202, visit https://clinicaltrials.gov/ct2/show/NCT02178722. About ECHO The ECHO clinical trial program was established to investigate the efficacy and safety of epacadostat as a core component of combination therapy in oncology. Ongoing Phase 1 and Phase 2 studies evaluating epacadostat in combination with PD-1 and PD-L1 inhibitors collectively plan to enroll over 900 patients in a broad range of solid tumor types as well as hematological malignancies. ECHO-301 (NCT02752074), a Phase 3 randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled study investigating KEYTRUDA (pembrolizumab) in combination with epacadostat or placebo for the treatment of patients with unresectable or metastatic melanoma, is also underway. For more information about the ECHO clinical trial program, visit www.ECHOClinicalTrials.com. About Epacadostat (INCB024360) Indoleamine 2,3-dioxygenase 1 (IDO1) is a key immunosuppressive enzyme that modulates the anti-tumor immune response by promoting regulatory T cell generation and blocking effector T cell activation, thereby facilitating tumor growth by allowing cancer cells to avoid immune surveillance. Epacadostat is an investigational, highly potent and selective oral inhibitor of the IDO1 enzyme that regulates the tumor immune microenvironment, thereby restoring effective anti-tumor immune responses. In single-arm studies, the combination of epacadostat and immune checkpoint inhibitors has shown proof-of-concept in patients with unresectable or metastatic melanoma. In these studies, epacadostat combined with the CTLA-4 inhibitor ipilimumab or the PD-1 inhibitor KEYTRUDA improved response rates compared with studies of the immune checkpoint inhibitors alone. About KEYTRUDA®(pembrolizumab) Injection KEYTRUDA is an anti-PD-1 therapy that works by increasing the ability of the body’s immune system to help detect and fight tumor cells. KEYTRUDA is a humanized monoclonal antibody that blocks the interaction between PD-1 and its ligands, PD-L1 and PD-L2, thereby activating T lymphocytes which may affect both tumor cells and healthy cells. Studies of KEYTRUDA – from the largest immuno-oncology program in the industry with more than 500 trials – include a wide variety of cancers and treatment settings. The KEYTRUDA clinical program seeks to understand factors that predict a patient’s likelihood of benefiting from treatment with KEYTRUDA, including the exploration of several different biomarkers across a broad range of tumors. KEYTRUDA is administered as an intravenous infusion over 30 minutes every three weeks for the approved indications. KEYTRUDA for injection is supplied in a 100 mg single-dose vial. KEYTRUDA®(pembrolizumab) Indications and Dosing Melanoma KEYTRUDA is indicated for the treatment of patients with unresectable or metastatic melanoma at a fixed dose of 200 mg every three weeks until disease progression or unacceptable toxicity. Lung Cancer KEYTRUDA (pembrolizumab), as a single agent, is indicated for the first-line treatment of patients with metastatic non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC) whose tumors have high PD-L1 expression [tumor proportion score (TPS) ≥50%] as determined by an FDA-approved test, with no EGFR or ALK genomic tumor aberrations. KEYTRUDA, as a single agent, is also indicated for the treatment of patients with metastatic NSCLC whose tumors express PD-L1 (TPS ≥1%) as determined by an FDA-approved test, with disease progression on or after platinum-containing chemotherapy. Patients with EGFR or ALK genomic tumor aberrations should have disease progression on FDA-approved therapy for these aberrations prior to receiving KEYTRUDA. KEYTRUDA, in combination with pemetrexed and carboplatin, is indicated for the first-line treatment of patients with metastatic nonsquamous NSCLC. This indication is approved under accelerated approval based on tumor response rate and progression-free survival. Continued approval for this indication may be contingent upon verification and description of clinical benefit in the confirmatory trials. In metastatic NSCLC, KEYTRUDA is administered at a fixed dose of 200 mg every three weeks until disease progression, unacceptable toxicity, or up to 24 months in patients without disease progression. When administering KEYTRUDA in combination with chemotherapy, KEYTRUDA should be administered prior to chemotherapy when given on the same day. See also the Prescribing Information for pemetrexed and carboplatin. Head and Neck Cancer KEYTRUDA is indicated for the treatment of patients with recurrent or metastatic head and neck squamous cell carcinoma (HNSCC) with disease progression on or after platinum-containing chemotherapy. This indication is approved under accelerated approval based on tumor response rate and durability of response. Continued approval for this indication may be contingent upon verification and description of clinical benefit in the confirmatory trials. In HNSCC, KEYTRUDA is administered at a fixed dose of 200 mg every three weeks until disease progression, unacceptable toxicity, or up to 24 months in patients without disease progression. Classical Hodgkin Lymphoma KEYTRUDA is indicated for the treatment of adult and pediatric patients with refractory classical Hodgkin lymphoma (cHL), or who have relapsed after three or more prior lines of therapy. This indication is approved under accelerated approval based on tumor response rate and durability of response. Continued approval for this indication may be contingent upon verification and description of clinical benefit in the confirmatory trials. In adults with cHL, KEYTRUDA is administered at a fixed dose of 200 mg every three weeks until disease progression or unacceptable toxicity, or up to 24 months in patients without disease progression. In pediatric patients with cHL, KEYTRUDA (pembrolizumab) is administered at a dose of 2 mg/kg (up to a maximum of 200 mg) every three weeks until disease progression or unacceptable toxicity, or up to 24 months in patients without disease progression. Urothelial Carcinoma KEYTRUDA is indicated for the treatment of patients with locally advanced or metastatic urothelial carcinoma who are not eligible for cisplatin-containing chemotherapy. This indication is approved under accelerated approval based on tumor response rate and duration of response. Continued approval for this indication may be contingent upon verification and description of clinical benefit in the confirmatory trials. KEYTRUDA is also indicated for the treatment of patients with locally advanced or metastatic urothelial carcinoma who have disease progression during or following platinum-containing chemotherapy or within 12 months of neoadjuvant or adjuvant treatment with platinum-containing chemotherapy. In locally advanced or metastatic urothelial carcinoma, KEYTRUDA is administered at a fixed dose of 200 mg every three weeks until disease progression or unacceptable toxicity, or up to 24 months in patients without disease progression. Microsatellite Instability-High (MSI-H) Cancer KEYTRUDA is indicated for the treatment of adult and pediatric patients with unresectable or metastatic microsatellite instability-high (MSI-H) or mismatch repair deficient (dMMR) solid tumors that have progressed following prior treatment and who have no satisfactory alternative treatment options, or colorectal cancer that has progressed following treatment with fluoropyrimidine, oxaliplatin, and irinotecan. This indication is approved under accelerated approval based on tumor response rate and durability of response. Continued approval for this indication may be contingent upon verification and description of clinical benefit in the confirmatory trials. The safety and effectiveness of KEYTRUDA in pediatric patients with MSI-H central nervous system cancers have not been established. In adult patients with MSI-H cancer, KEYTRUDA is administered at a fixed dose of 200 mg every three weeks until disease progression, unacceptable toxicity, or up to 24 months in patients without disease progression. In pediatric patients with MSI-H cancer, KEYTRUDA is administered at a dose of 2 mg/kg (up to a maximum of 200 mg) every three weeks until disease progression or unacceptable toxicity, or up to 24 months in patients without disease progression. Selected Important Safety Information for KEYTRUDA® (pembrolizumab) KEYTRUDA can cause immune-mediated pneumonitis, including fatal cases. Pneumonitis occurred in 94 (3.4%) of 2799 patients receiving KEYTRUDA, including Grade 1 (0.8%), 2 (1.3%), 3 (0.9%), 4 (0.3%), and 5 (0.1%) pneumonitis, and occurred more frequently in patients with a history of prior thoracic radiation (6.9%) compared to those without (2.9%). Monitor patients for signs and symptoms of pneumonitis. Evaluate suspected pneumonitis with radiographic imaging. Administer corticosteroids for Grade 2 or greater pneumonitis. Withhold KEYTRUDA for Grade 2; permanently discontinue KEYTRUDA for Grade 3 or 4 or recurrent Grade 2 pneumonitis. KEYTRUDA can cause immune-mediated colitis. Colitis occurred in 48 (1.7%) of 2799 patients receiving KEYTRUDA, including Grade 2 (0.4%), 3 (1.1%), and 4 (<0.1%) colitis. Monitor patients for signs and symptoms of colitis. Administer corticosteroids for Grade 2 or greater colitis. Withhold KEYTRUDA for Grade 2 or 3; permanently discontinue KEYTRUDA for Grade 4 colitis. KEYTRUDA can cause immune-mediated hepatitis. Hepatitis occurred in 19 (0.7%) of 2799 patients receiving KEYTRUDA, including Grade 2 (0.1%), 3 (0.4%), and 4 (<0.1%) hepatitis. Monitor patients for changes in liver function. Administer corticosteroids for Grade 2 or greater hepatitis and, based on severity of liver enzyme elevations, withhold or discontinue KEYTRUDA. KEYTRUDA can cause hypophysitis. Hypophysitis occurred in 17 (0.6%) of 2799 patients receiving KEYTRUDA, including Grade 2 (0.2%), 3 (0.3%), and 4 (<0.1%) hypophysitis. Monitor patients for signs and symptoms of hypophysitis (including hypopituitarism and adrenal insufficiency). Administer corticosteroids and hormone replacement as clinically indicated. Withhold KEYTRUDA for Grade 2; withhold or discontinue for Grade 3 or 4 hypophysitis. KEYTRUDA can cause thyroid disorders, including hyperthyroidism, hypothyroidism, and thyroiditis. Hyperthyroidism occurred in 96 (3.4%) of 2799 patients receiving KEYTRUDA, including Grade 2 (0.8%) and 3 (0.1%) hyperthyroidism. Hypothyroidism occurred in 237 (8.5%) of 2799 patients receiving KEYTRUDA, including Grade 2 (6.2%) and 3 (0.1%) hypothyroidism. Thyroiditis occurred in 16 (0.6%) of 2799 patients receiving KEYTRUDA, including Grade 2 (0.3%) thyroiditis. Monitor patients for changes in thyroid function (at the start of treatment, periodically during treatment, and as indicated based on clinical evaluation) and for clinical signs and symptoms of thyroid disorders. Administer replacement hormones for hypothyroidism and manage hyperthyroidism with thionamides and beta-blockers as appropriate. Withhold or discontinue KEYTRUDA for Grade 3 or 4 hyperthyroidism. KEYTRUDA can cause type 1 diabetes mellitus, including diabetic ketoacidosis, which have been reported in 6 (0.2%) of 2799 patients. Monitor patients for hyperglycemia or other signs and symptoms of diabetes. Administer insulin for type 1 diabetes, and withhold KEYTRUDA and administer antihyperglycemics in patients with severe hyperglycemia. KEYTRUDA (pembrolizumab) can cause immune-mediated nephritis. Nephritis occurred in 9 (0.3%) of 2799 patients receiving KEYTRUDA, including Grade 2 (0.1%), 3 (0.1%), and 4 (<0.1%) nephritis. Monitor patients for changes in renal function. Administer corticosteroids for Grade 2 or greater nephritis. Withhold KEYTRUDA for Grade 2; permanently discontinue KEYTRUDA for Grade 3 or 4 nephritis. KEYTRUDA can cause other clinically important immune-mediated adverse reactions. These immune-mediated reactions may occur in any organ system. For suspected immune-mediated adverse reactions, ensure adequate evaluation to confirm etiology or exclude other causes. Based on the severity of the adverse reaction, withhold KEYTRUDA and administer corticosteroids. Upon improvement to Grade 1 or less, initiate corticosteroid taper and continue to taper over at least 1 month. Based on limited data from clinical studies in patients whose immune-related adverse reactions could not be controlled with corticosteroid use, administration of other systemic immunosuppressants can be considered. Resume KEYTRUDA when the adverse reaction remains at Grade 1 or less following corticosteroid taper. Permanently discontinue KEYTRUDA for any Grade 3 immune-mediated adverse reaction that recurs and for any life-threatening immune-mediated adverse reaction. The following clinically significant immune-mediated adverse reactions occurred in less than 1% (unless otherwise indicated) of 2799 patients: arthritis (1.5%), exfoliative dermatitis, bullous pemphigoid, rash (1.4%), uveitis, myositis, Guillain-Barré syndrome, myasthenia gravis, vasculitis, pancreatitis, hemolytic anemia, and partial seizures arising in a patient with inflammatory foci in brain parenchyma. In addition, myelitis and myocarditis were reported in other clinical trials, including classical Hodgkin lymphoma, and postmarketing use. Solid organ transplant rejection has been reported in postmarketing use of KEYTRUDA. Treatment with KEYTRUDA may increase the risk of rejection in solid organ transplant recipients. Consider the benefit of treatment with KEYTRUDA vs the risk of possible organ rejection in these patients. KEYTRUDA can cause severe or life-threatening infusion-related reactions, including hypersensitivity and anaphylaxis, which have been reported in 6 (0.2%) of 2799 patients. Monitor patients for signs and symptoms of infusion-related reactions, including rigors, chills, wheezing, pruritus, flushing, rash, hypotension, hypoxemia, and fever. For Grade 3 or 4 reactions, stop infusion and permanently discontinue KEYTRUDA. Immune-mediated complications, including fatal events, occurred in patients who underwent allogeneic hematopoietic stem cell transplantation (HSCT) after being treated with KEYTRUDA. Of 23 patients with cHL who proceeded to allogeneic HSCT after treatment with KEYTRUDA on any trial, 6 patients (26%) developed graft-versus-host-disease (GVHD), one of which was fatal, and 2 patients (9%) developed severe hepatic veno-occlusive disease (VOD) after reduced-intensity conditioning, one of which was fatal. Cases of fatal hyperacute GVHD after allogeneic HSCT have also been reported in patients with lymphoma who received a PD-1 receptor–blocking antibody before transplantation. These complications may occur despite intervening therapy between PD-1 blockade and allogeneic HSCT. Follow patients closely for early evidence of transplant-related complications such as hyperacute GVHD, severe (Grade 3 to 4) acute GVHD, steroid-requiring febrile syndrome, hepatic VOD, and other immune-mediated adverse reactions, and intervene promptly. Based on its mechanism of action, KEYTRUDA (pembrolizumab) can cause fetal harm when administered to a pregnant woman. If used during pregnancy, or if the patient becomes pregnant during treatment, apprise the patient of the potential hazard to a fetus. Advise females of reproductive potential to use highly effective contraception during treatment and for 4 months after the last dose of KEYTRUDA. KEYTRUDA monotherapy was discontinued due to adverse reactions in 8% of 682 patients with metastatic NSCLC. The most common adverse event resulting in permanent discontinuation of KEYTRUDA was pneumonitis (1.8%). Adverse reactions leading to interruption of KEYTRUDA occurred in 23% of patients; the most common (≥1%) were diarrhea (1%), fatigue (1.3%), pneumonia (1%), liver enzyme elevation (1.2%), decreased appetite (1.3%), and pneumonitis (1%). The most common adverse reactions (occurring in at least 20% of patients and at a higher incidence than with docetaxel) were decreased appetite (25% vs 23%), dyspnea (23% vs 20%), and nausea (20% vs 18%). When KEYTRUDA was administered in combination with carboplatin and pemetrexed (carbo/pem), KEYTRUDA was discontinued in 10% of 59 patients. The most common adverse reaction resulting in discontinuation of KEYTRUDA (≥2%) was acute kidney injury (3.4%). Adverse reactions leading to interruption of KEYTRUDA occurred in 39% of patients; the most common (≥2%) were fatigue (8%), neutrophil count decreased (8%), anemia (5%), dyspnea (3.4%), and pneumonitis (3.4%). The most common adverse reactions (≥20%) with KEYTRUDA compared to carbo/pem alone were fatigue (71% vs 50%), nausea (68% vs 56%), constipation (51% vs 37%), rash (42% vs 21%), vomiting (39% vs 27%), dyspnea (39% vs 21%), diarrhea (37% vs 23%), decreased appetite (31% vs 23%), headache (31% vs 16%), cough (24% vs 18%), dizziness (24% vs 16%), insomnia (24% vs 15%), pruritus (24% vs 4.8%), peripheral edema (22% vs 18%), dysgeusia (20% vs 11%), alopecia (20% vs 3.2%), upper respiratory tract infection (20% vs 3.2%), and arthralgia (15% vs 24%). This study was not designed to demonstrate a statistically significant difference in adverse reaction rates for KEYTRUDA as compared to carbo/pem alone for any specified adverse reaction. It is not known whether KEYTRUDA is excreted in human milk. Because many drugs are excreted in human milk, instruct women to discontinue nursing during treatment with KEYTRUDA and for 4 months after the final dose. About Incyte Incyte Corporation is a Wilmington, Delaware-based biopharmaceutical company focused on the discovery, development and commercialization of proprietary therapeutics. For additional information on Incyte, please visit the Company’s website at www.incyte.com. Follow @Incyte on Twitter at https://twitter.com/Incyte. Merck Focus on Cancer Merck’s goal is to translate breakthrough science into innovative oncology medicines to help people with cancer worldwide. At Merck, helping people fight cancer is our passion and supporting accessibility to our cancer medicines is our commitment. Our focus is on pursuing research in immuno-oncology and we are accelerating every step in the journey – from lab to clinic – to potentially bring new hope to people with cancer. As part of our focus on cancer, Merck is committed to exploring the potential of immuno-oncology with one of the fastest-growing development programs in the industry. We are currently executing an expansive research program that includes more than 500 clinical trials evaluating our anti-PD-1 therapy across more than 30 tumor types. We also continue to strengthen our immuno-oncology portfolio through strategic acquisitions and are prioritizing the development of several promising immunotherapeutic candidates with the potential to improve the treatment of advanced cancers. For more information about our oncology clinical trials, visit www.merck.com/clinicaltrials. About Merck For more than a century, Merck, a leading global biopharmaceutical company known as MSD outside of the United States and Canada, has been inventing for life, bringing forward medicines and vaccines for many of the world’s most challenging diseases. Through our prescription medicines, vaccines, biologic therapies and animal health products, we work with customers and operate in more than 140 countries to deliver innovative health solutions. We also demonstrate our commitment to increasing access to health care through far-reaching policies, programs and partnerships. Today, Merck continues to be at the forefront of research to advance the prevention and treatment of diseases that threaten people and communities around the world – including cancer, cardio-metabolic diseases, emerging animal diseases, Alzheimer’s disease and infectious diseases including HIV and Ebola. For more information, visit www.merck.com and connect with us on Twitter, Facebook, Instagram, YouTube and LinkedIn. Forward-Looking Statement of Incyte Corporation Except for the historical information set forth herein, the matters set forth in this press release, including statements regarding the presentation of updated ECHO-202 data at ASCO, whether epacadostat and pembrolizumab may be an effective and safe treatment for NSCLC patients, and the planned pivotal trials of epacadostat in combination with pembrolizumab, contain predictions, estimates and other forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements are based on the Company’s current expectations and subject to risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results to differ materially, including unanticipated developments and the risks related to the efficacy or safety of the Company’s development pipeline, the results of further research and development, the high degree of risk and uncertainty associated with drug development, clinical trials and regulatory approval processes, other market or economic factors and competitive and technological advances; and other risks detailed from time to time in the Company’s reports filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission, including its Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2017. Incyte disclaims any intent or obligation to update these forward-looking statements. Forward-Looking Statement of Merck & Co., Inc., Kenilworth, N.J., USA This news release of Merck & Co., Inc., Kenilworth, N.J., USA (the “company”) includes “forward-looking statements” within the meaning of the safe harbor provisions of the U.S. Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These statements are based upon the current beliefs and expectations of the company’s management and are subject to significant risks and uncertainties. There can be no guarantees with respect to pipeline products that the products will receive the necessary regulatory approvals or that they will prove to be commercially successful. If underlying assumptions prove inaccurate or risks or uncertainties materialize, actual results may differ materially from those set forth in the forward-looking statements. Risks and uncertainties include but are not limited to, general industry conditions and competition; general economic factors, including interest rate and currency exchange rate fluctuations; the impact of pharmaceutical industry regulation and health care legislation in the United States and internationally; global trends toward health care cost containment; technological advances, new products and patents attained by competitors; challenges inherent in new product development, including obtaining regulatory approval; the company’s ability to accurately predict future market conditions; manufacturing difficulties or delays; financial instability of international economies and sovereign risk; dependence on the effectiveness of the company’s patents and other protections for innovative products; and the exposure to litigation, including patent litigation, and/or regulatory actions. The company undertakes no obligation to publicly update any forward-looking statement, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. Additional factors that could cause results to differ materially from those described in the forward-looking statements can be found in the company’s 2016 Annual Report on Form 10-K and the company’s other filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) available at the SEC’s Internet site (www.sec.gov). Please see Prescribing Information for KEYTRUDA (pembrolizumab) at http://www.merck.com/product/usa/pi_circulars/k/keytruda/keytruda_pi.pdf and Patient Information/Medication Guide for KEYTRUDA at http://www.merck.com/product/usa/pi_circulars/k/keytruda/keytruda_mg.pdf CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Improved Crab/Crustacean Trap Developed by InventHelp Client (MLB-815) Next PostNext Inventor and InventHelp Client Develops Strain-Free Bathing Aid (MIS-241) Search Recent Posts iMobie PhoneRescue Now Restores Lost Data for Android Users with Highest Success Rate, Even Directly to Phones and Tablets Drilling Begins! Zion Oil & Gas Spuds Megiddo-Jezreel #1 Well Global Industrial Cartridge Valves Market Industry 2022 Forecast Report Mining Equipment -Market Demand, Growth, Opportunities and Analysis of Top Key Player Forecast To 2022 Hydraulic Bolt Tensioner Market Industry Global Size, Share, Trend & Forecast 2017-2022 Business Directory Business Contacts Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 3 June 2017 by Maciej Heyman New Data Show Durability of Response for Merck’s KEYTRUDA® (pembrolizumab) in Advanced Microsatellite Instability-High (MSI-H) or Mismatch Repair Deficient (dMMR) Solid Tumors, Regardless of Tumor Type KENILWORTH, N.J.–(BUSINESS WIRE)–Merck (NYSE:MRK), known as MSD outside the United States and Canada, today announced the first presentation of findings from KEYNOTE-164 and KEYNOTE-158, two phase 2 studies evaluating KEYTRUDA® (pembrolizumab), the company’s anti-PD-1 therapy, in patients with advanced microsatellite instability-high (MSI-H) or mismatch repair deficient (dMMR) solid tumors. The studies showed overall response rates (ORR), regardless of histology, with ORR between 28 percent (95% CI, 17-41) and 38 percent (95% CI, 27-49) across patients with MSI-H/dMMR colorectal cancer (CRC) and other advanced MSI-H/dMMR solid tumors, respectively. These findings will be presented on Monday, June 5 at the 2017 American Society of Clinical Oncology (ASCO) Annual Meeting in Chicago (Abstract #3071). “These important data build on the research to date showing clinically meaningful responses with pembrolizumab (KEYTRUDA) monotherapy across a wide range of tumors with MSI-H or dMMR status in patients whose disease is locally advanced or metastatic,” said Dr. Luis A. Diaz, Jr., head of the division of solid tumor oncology, Memorial Sloan Kettering Cancer Center. “Moreover, these data confirm the initial findings we made demonstrating the value of MSI-H or dMMR tumor status as a predictive biomarker for KEYTRUDA for these difficult-to-treat cancers.” “These data exemplify our commitment to advancing the use of biomarkers to help identify patients most likely to benefit from KEYTRUDA,” said Dr. Roger Dansey, senior vice president and therapeutic area head, oncology late-stage development, Merck Research Laboratories. The KEYTRUDA (pembrolizumab) clinical development program includes more than 30 tumor types in more than 500 clinical trials, including more than 300 trials that combine KEYTRUDA with other cancer treatments. Merck’s immuno-oncology clinical development program includes multiple registration-enabling studies investigating KEYTRUDA as a monotherapy in MSI-H and dMMR cancers. Key Findings from KEYNOTE-164 and KEYNOTE-158 Studies KEYNOTE-164 and KEYNOTE-158 are ongoing global, open-label, non-randomized, multi-cohort, multi-center phase 2 studies evaluating KEYTRUDA (200 mg every three weeks) in patients with advanced MSI-H or dMMR solid tumors. KEYNOTE-164 is enrolling patients with previously treated, unresectable locally advanced or metastatic MSI-H or dMMR CRC who received two or more prior therapies that included fluoropyrimidine, irinotecan, and oxaliplatin. KEYNOTE-158 is enrolling patients with any advanced MSI-H solid tumor, with the exception of CRC, who had received one or more prior therapies. MSI-H or dMMR tumor status is determined using local laboratory-developed, polymerase chain reaction (PCR) tests for MSI-H status or immunohistochemistry (IHC) tests for dMMR. Tumor response is assessed every nine weeks per Response Evaluation Criteria in Solid Tumors (RECIST) v1.1 by independent, central, blinded radiographic review. The primary endpoint of the studies is ORR; secondary endpoints include duration of response, progression-free survival (PFS), overall survival (OS) and safety. Of the 61 patients with advanced CRC who were enrolled in KEYNOTE-164 (as of Feb. 10, 2017), the ORR was 28 percent (n=17/61) (95% CI, 17-41) – with zero complete responses and 17 partial responses; fourteen had stable disease and 28 had progressive disease – for an overall disease control rate of 51 percent (n=31/61) (95% CI, 38-64). Median time to response was four months (range: 2-10). Of the 77 patients with any advanced solid tumor, excluding CRC and with ≥27 weeks of follow-up, who were enrolled in KEYNOTE-158 (as of Jan. 27, 2017), the ORR was 38 percent (n=29/77) (95% CI, 27-49) – with two complete responses and 27 partial responses; sixteen had stable disease and 24 had progressive disease – for an overall disease control rate of 58 percent (n=45/77) (95% CI, 47-70). Median time to response was 2 months (range: 1-4). For the PFS analysis, in patients with CRC the estimated 6-month rate was 43 percent and the 12-month rate was 34 percent – with a median PFS of 2.3 months (95% CI, 2.1-8.1); in patients with any advanced solid tumor, excluding CRC, the estimated 6-month rate was 45 percent – with a median PFS of 4.3 months (95% CI, 3.1-not reached). For the OS analysis, in patients with CRC the estimated 6-month rate was 87 percent and the 12-month rate was 72 percent – with a median OS not yet reached; in patients with any advanced solid tumor, excluding CRC, the estimated 6-month rate was 73 percent – with a median OS not yet reached (95% CI, 9.2-not reached). Median follow-up was 13.2 months (range: 0-17) and 6.1 months (range: 1-12), respectively. At the time of analysis, median duration of response had not been reached in either study (range: 2.9+-12.5+ and range: 2.4+-9.2+, respectively). The safety profile of KEYTRUDA (pembrolizumab) was consistent with that observed in previously reported studies. In patients with CRC, the treatment-related adverse events observed to date (any grade occurring in 10% or more of patients) were arthralgia (n=10), nausea (n=9), diarrhea (n=8), asthenia (n=7), pruritus (n=7) and fatigue (n=6); these included Grade 3-4 treatment-related fatigue (n=2) and asthenia (n=1). Immune-mediated adverse events of Grade 3-4 were pancreatitis (n=3), hepatitis (n=1) and severe skin toxicity (n=1). There were no treatment-related deaths. In patients with any advanced solid tumor, excluding CRC, the treatment-related adverse events observed to date (any grade occurring in 10% or more of patients) were fatigue (n=8), pruritus (n=7), asthenia (n=7), diarrhea (n=7), nausea (n=6) and arthralgia (n=2); these include Grade 3-4 asthenia (n=1) and diarrhea (n=1). Immune-mediated adverse events of Grade 3-4 toxicity were severe skin toxicity (n=2), hyperthyroidism (n=1), pneumonitis (n=1), fulminant type 1 diabetes mellitus (n=1) and Guillain-Barre Syndrome (n=1). There was one death attributed to treatment-related pneumonia by investigator. About Microsatellite Instability and DNA Mismatch Repair Microsatellites are short repetitive sequences of DNA found throughout the genome. Microsatellite instability – or MSI – is caused by a deficiency in the cell’s ability to repair errors in the DNA sequence (DNA mismatch repair) that occur during cell division, leading to a characteristic change in microsatellite repeats. MSI is detected indirectly by demonstrating absence of expression of mismatch repair proteins by IHC, or more directly by PCR-based amplification of specific microsatellite repeats. MSI-H (microsatellite instability-high) is already an established biomarker in certain types of cancer. Patients determined to have mismatch repair deficiency (dMMR) are biologically the same population as those with MSI-H status. MSI-H/dMMR occurs in a variety of cancers across all stages. About KEYTRUDA®(pembrolizumab) Injection KEYTRUDA is an anti-PD-1 therapy that works by increasing the ability of the body’s immune system to help detect and fight tumor cells. KEYTRUDA is a humanized monoclonal antibody that blocks the interaction between PD-1 and its ligands, PD-L1 and PD-L2, thereby activating T lymphocytes which may affect both tumor cells and healthy cells. Studies of KEYTRUDA – from the largest immuno-oncology program in the industry with more than 500 trials – include a wide variety of cancers and treatment settings. The KEYTRUDA clinical program seeks to understand factors that predict a patient’s likelihood of benefiting from treatment with KEYTRUDA, including the exploration of several different biomarkers across a broad range of tumors. KEYTRUDA is administered as an intravenous infusion over 30 minutes every three weeks for the approved indications. KEYTRUDA for injection is supplied in a 100 mg single-dose vial. KEYTRUDA (pembrolizumab) Indications and Dosing Melanoma KEYTRUDA is indicated for the treatment of patients with unresectable or metastatic melanoma at a fixed dose of 200 mg every three weeks until disease progression or unacceptable toxicity. Lung Cancer KEYTRUDA, as a single agent, is indicated for the first-line treatment of patients with metastatic non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC) whose tumors have high PD-L1 expression [tumor proportion score (TPS) ≥50%] as determined by an FDA-approved test, with no EGFR or ALK genomic tumor aberrations. KEYTRUDA, as a single agent, is also indicated for the treatment of patients with metastatic NSCLC whose tumors express PD-L1 (TPS ≥1%) as determined by an FDA-approved test, with disease progression on or after platinum-containing chemotherapy. Patients with EGFR or ALK genomic tumor aberrations should have disease progression on FDA-approved therapy for these aberrations prior to receiving KEYTRUDA. KEYTRUDA (pembrolizumab), in combination with pemetrexed and carboplatin, is indicated for the first-line treatment of patients with metastatic nonsquamous NSCLC. This indication is approved under accelerated approval based on tumor response rate and progression-free survival. Continued approval for this indication may be contingent upon verification and description of clinical benefit in the confirmatory trials. In metastatic NSCLC, KEYTRUDA is administered at a fixed dose of 200 mg every three weeks until disease progression, unacceptable toxicity, or up to 24 months in patients without disease progression. When administering KEYTRUDA in combination with chemotherapy, KEYTRUDA should be administered prior to chemotherapy when given on the same day. See also the Prescribing Information for pemetrexed and carboplatin. Head and Neck Cancer KEYTRUDA is indicated for the treatment of patients with recurrent or metastatic head and neck squamous cell carcinoma (HNSCC) with disease progression on or after platinum-containing chemotherapy. This indication is approved under accelerated approval based on tumor response rate and durability of response. Continued approval for this indication may be contingent upon verification and description of clinical benefit in the confirmatory trials. In HNSCC, KEYTRUDA is administered at a fixed dose of 200 mg every three weeks until disease progression, unacceptable toxicity, or up to 24 months in patients without disease progression. Classical Hodgkin Lymphoma KEYTRUDA is indicated for the treatment of adult and pediatric patients with refractory classical Hodgkin lymphoma (cHL), or who have relapsed after three or more prior lines of therapy. This indication is approved under accelerated approval based on tumor response rate and durability of response. Continued approval for this indication may be contingent upon verification and description of clinical benefit in the confirmatory trials. In adults with cHL, KEYTRUDA is administered at a fixed dose of 200 mg every three weeks until disease progression or unacceptable toxicity, or up to 24 months in patients without disease progression. In pediatric patients with cHL, KEYTRUDA is administered at a dose of 2 mg/kg (up to a maximum of 200 mg) every three weeks until disease progression or unacceptable toxicity, or up to 24 months in patients without disease progression. Urothelial Carcinoma KEYTRUDA (pembrolizumab) is indicated for the treatment of patients with locally advanced or metastatic urothelial carcinoma who are not eligible for cisplatin-containing chemotherapy. This indication is approved under accelerated approval based on tumor response rate and duration of response. Continued approval for this indication may be contingent upon verification and description of clinical benefit in the confirmatory trials. KEYTRUDA is also indicated for the treatment of patients with locally advanced or metastatic urothelial carcinoma who have disease progression during or following platinum-containing chemotherapy or within 12 months of neoadjuvant or adjuvant treatment with platinum-containing chemotherapy. In locally advanced or metastatic urothelial carcinoma, KEYTRUDA is administered at a fixed dose of 200 mg every three weeks until disease progression or unacceptable toxicity, or up to 24 months in patients without disease progression. Microsatellite Instability-High (MSI-H) Cancer KEYTRUDA is indicated for the treatment of adult and pediatric patients with unresectable or metastatic microsatellite instability-high (MSI-H) or mismatch repair deficient (dMMR) solid tumors that have progressed following prior treatment and who have no satisfactory alternative treatment options, or colorectal cancer that has progressed following treatment with fluoropyrimidine, oxaliplatin, and irinotecan. This indication is approved under accelerated approval based on tumor response rate and durability of response. Continued approval for this indication may be contingent upon verification and description of clinical benefit in the confirmatory trials. The safety and effectiveness of KEYTRUDA in pediatric patients with MSI-H central nervous system cancers have not been established. In adult patients with MSI-H cancer, KEYTRUDA is administered at a fixed dose of 200 mg every three weeks until disease progression, unacceptable toxicity, or up to 24 months in patients without disease progression. In pediatric patients with MSI-H cancer, KEYTRUDA is administered at a dose of 2 mg/kg (up to a maximum of 200 mg) every three weeks until disease progression or unacceptable toxicity, or up to 24 months in patients without disease progression. Selected Important Safety Information for KEYTRUDA® (pembrolizumab) KEYTRUDA can cause immune-mediated pneumonitis, including fatal cases. Pneumonitis occurred in 94 (3.4%) of 2799 patients receiving KEYTRUDA, including Grade 1 (0.8%), 2 (1.3%), 3 (0.9%), 4 (0.3%), and 5 (0.1%) pneumonitis, and occurred more frequently in patients with a history of prior thoracic radiation (6.9%) compared to those without (2.9%). Monitor patients for signs and symptoms of pneumonitis. Evaluate suspected pneumonitis with radiographic imaging. Administer corticosteroids for Grade 2 or greater pneumonitis. Withhold KEYTRUDA (pembrolizumab) for Grade 2; permanently discontinue KEYTRUDA for Grade 3 or 4 or recurrent Grade 2 pneumonitis. KEYTRUDA can cause immune-mediated colitis. Colitis occurred in 48 (1.7%) of 2799 patients receiving KEYTRUDA, including Grade 2 (0.4%), 3 (1.1%), and 4 (<0.1%) colitis. Monitor patients for signs and symptoms of colitis. Administer corticosteroids for Grade 2 or greater colitis. Withhold KEYTRUDA for Grade 2 or 3; permanently discontinue KEYTRUDA for Grade 4 colitis. KEYTRUDA can cause immune-mediated hepatitis. Hepatitis occurred in 19 (0.7%) of 2799 patients receiving KEYTRUDA, including Grade 2 (0.1%), 3 (0.4%), and 4 (<0.1%) hepatitis. Monitor patients for changes in liver function. Administer corticosteroids for Grade 2 or greater hepatitis and, based on severity of liver enzyme elevations, withhold or discontinue KEYTRUDA. KEYTRUDA can cause hypophysitis. Hypophysitis occurred in 17 (0.6%) of 2799 patients receiving KEYTRUDA, including Grade 2 (0.2%), 3 (0.3%), and 4 (<0.1%) hypophysitis. Monitor patients for signs and symptoms of hypophysitis (including hypopituitarism and adrenal insufficiency). Administer corticosteroids and hormone replacement as clinically indicated. Withhold KEYTRUDA for Grade 2; withhold or discontinue for Grade 3 or 4 hypophysitis. KEYTRUDA can cause thyroid disorders, including hyperthyroidism, hypothyroidism, and thyroiditis. Hyperthyroidism occurred in 96 (3.4%) of 2799 patients receiving KEYTRUDA, including Grade 2 (0.8%) and 3 (0.1%) hyperthyroidism. Hypothyroidism occurred in 237 (8.5%) of 2799 patients receiving KEYTRUDA, including Grade 2 (6.2%) and 3 (0.1%) hypothyroidism. Thyroiditis occurred in 16 (0.6%) of 2799 patients receiving KEYTRUDA, including Grade 2 (0.3%) thyroiditis. Monitor patients for changes in thyroid function (at the start of treatment, periodically during treatment, and as indicated based on clinical evaluation) and for clinical signs and symptoms of thyroid disorders. Administer replacement hormones for hypothyroidism and manage hyperthyroidism with thionamides and beta-blockers as appropriate. Withhold or discontinue KEYTRUDA for Grade 3 or 4 hyperthyroidism. KEYTRUDA (pembrolizumab) can cause type 1 diabetes mellitus, including diabetic ketoacidosis, which have been reported in 6 (0.2%) of 2799 patients. Monitor patients for hyperglycemia or other signs and symptoms of diabetes. Administer insulin for type 1 diabetes, and withhold KEYTRUDA and administer antihyperglycemics in patients with severe hyperglycemia. KEYTRUDA can cause immune-mediated nephritis. Nephritis occurred in 9 (0.3%) of 2799 patients receiving KEYTRUDA, including Grade 2 (0.1%), 3 (0.1%), and 4 (<0.1%) nephritis. Monitor patients for changes in renal function. Administer corticosteroids for Grade 2 or greater nephritis. Withhold KEYTRUDA for Grade 2; permanently discontinue KEYTRUDA for Grade 3 or 4 nephritis. KEYTRUDA can cause other clinically important immune-mediated adverse reactions. These immune-mediated reactions may occur in any organ system. For suspected immune-mediated adverse reactions, ensure adequate evaluation to confirm etiology or exclude other causes. Based on the severity of the adverse reaction, withhold KEYTRUDA and administer corticosteroids. Upon improvement to Grade 1 or less, initiate corticosteroid taper and continue to taper over at least 1 month. Based on limited data from clinical studies in patients whose immune-related adverse reactions could not be controlled with corticosteroid use, administration of other systemic immunosuppressants can be considered. Resume KEYTRUDA when the adverse reaction remains at Grade 1 or less following corticosteroid taper. Permanently discontinue KEYTRUDA for any Grade 3 immune-mediated adverse reaction that recurs and for any life-threatening immune-mediated adverse reaction. The following clinically significant immune-mediated adverse reactions occurred in less than 1% (unless otherwise indicated) of 2799 patients: arthritis (1.5%), exfoliative dermatitis, bullous pemphigoid, rash (1.4%), uveitis, myositis, Guillain-Barré syndrome, myasthenia gravis, vasculitis, pancreatitis, hemolytic anemia, and partial seizures arising in a patient with inflammatory foci in brain parenchyma. In addition, myelitis and myocarditis were reported in other clinical trials, including classical Hodgkin lymphoma, and postmarketing use. Solid organ transplant rejection has been reported in postmarketing use of KEYTRUDA. Treatment with KEYTRUDA may increase the risk of rejection in solid organ transplant recipients. Consider the benefit of treatment with KEYTRUDA vs the risk of possible organ rejection in these patients. KEYTRUDA can cause severe or life-threatening infusion-related reactions, including hypersensitivity and anaphylaxis, which have been reported in 6 (0.2%) of 2799 patients. Monitor patients for signs and symptoms of infusion-related reactions, including rigors, chills, wheezing, pruritus, flushing, rash, hypotension, hypoxemia, and fever. For Grade 3 or 4 reactions, stop infusion and permanently discontinue KEYTRUDA (pembrolizumab). Immune-mediated complications, including fatal events, occurred in patients who underwent allogeneic hematopoietic stem cell transplantation (HSCT) after being treated with KEYTRUDA. Of 23 patients with cHL who proceeded to allogeneic HSCT after treatment with KEYTRUDA on any trial, 6 patients (26%) developed graft-versus-host-disease (GVHD), one of which was fatal, and 2 patients (9%) developed severe hepatic veno-occlusive disease (VOD) after reduced-intensity conditioning, one of which was fatal. Cases of fatal hyperacute GVHD after allogeneic HSCT have also been reported in patients with lymphoma who received a PD-1 receptor–blocking antibody before transplantation. These complications may occur despite intervening therapy between PD-1 blockade and allogeneic HSCT. Follow patients closely for early evidence of transplant-related complications such as hyperacute GVHD, severe (Grade 3 to 4) acute GVHD, steroid-requiring febrile syndrome, hepatic VOD, and other immune-mediated adverse reactions, and intervene promptly. Based on its mechanism of action, KEYTRUDA can cause fetal harm when administered to a pregnant woman. If used during pregnancy, or if the patient becomes pregnant during treatment, apprise the patient of the potential hazard to a fetus. Advise females of reproductive potential to use highly effective contraception during treatment and for 4 months after the last dose of KEYTRUDA. The most common adverse reactions (reported in ≥20% of patients) were fatigue, pruritis, diarrhea, decreased appetite, rash, pyrexia, cough, dyspnea, musculoskeletal pain, constipation, and nausea. It is not known whether KEYTRUDA is excreted in human milk. Because many drugs are excreted in human milk, instruct women to discontinue nursing during treatment with KEYTRUDA and for 4 months after the final dose. There is limited experience in pediatric patients. In a study, 40 pediatric patients (16 children aged 2 years to younger than 12 years and 24 adolescents ages 12 years to 18 years) with advanced melanoma, lymphoma, or PD-L1–positive advanced, relapsed, or refractory solid tumors, were administered KEYTRUDA 2 mg/kg every 3 weeks. Patients received KEYTRUDA for a median of 3 doses (range 1-17 doses), with 34 patients (85%) receiving KEYTRUDA for 2 doses or more. The safety profile in these pediatric patients was similar to that seen in adults treated with KEYTRUDA. Toxicities that occurred at a higher rate (≥15% difference) in these patients when compared to adults under 65 years of age were fatigue (45%), vomiting (38%), abdominal pain (28%), hypertransaminasemia (28%), and hyponatremia (18%). Our Focus on Cancer Our goal is to translate breakthrough science into innovative oncology medicines to help people with cancer worldwide. At Merck, helping people fight cancer is our passion and supporting accessibility to our cancer medicines is our commitment. Our focus is on pursuing research in immuno-oncology and we are accelerating every step in the journey – from lab to clinic – to potentially bring new hope to people with cancer. As part of our focus on cancer, Merck is committed to exploring the potential of immuno-oncology with one of the fastest-growing development programs in the industry. We are currently executing an expansive research program that includes more than 500 clinical trials evaluating our anti-PD-1 therapy across more than 30 tumor types. We also continue to strengthen our immuno-oncology portfolio through strategic acquisitions and are prioritizing the development of several promising immunotherapeutic candidates with the potential to improve the treatment of advanced cancers. For more information about our oncology clinical trials, visit www.merck.com/clinicaltrials. About Merck For more than a century, Merck, a leading global biopharmaceutical company known as MSD outside of the United States and Canada, has been inventing for life, bringing forward medicines and vaccines for many of the world’s most challenging diseases. Through our prescription medicines, vaccines, biologic therapies and animal health products, we work with customers and operate in more than 140 countries to deliver innovative health solutions. We also demonstrate our commitment to increasing access to health care through far-reaching policies, programs and partnerships. Today, Merck continues to be at the forefront of research to advance the prevention and treatment of diseases that threaten people and communities around the world – including cancer, cardio-metabolic diseases, emerging animal diseases, Alzheimer’s disease and infectious diseases including HIV and Ebola. For more information, visit www.merck.com and connect with us on Twitter, Facebook, Instagram, YouTube and LinkedIn. Forward-Looking Statement of Merck & Co., Inc., Kenilworth, N.J., USA This news release of Merck & Co., Inc., Kenilworth, N.J., USA (the “company”) includes “forward-looking statements” within the meaning of the safe harbor provisions of the U.S. Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These statements are based upon the current beliefs and expectations of the company’s management and are subject to significant risks and uncertainties. There can be no guarantees with respect to pipeline products that the products will receive the necessary regulatory approvals or that they will prove to be commercially successful. If underlying assumptions prove inaccurate or risks or uncertainties materialize, actual results may differ materially from those set forth in the forward-looking statements. Risks and uncertainties include but are not limited to, general industry conditions and competition; general economic factors, including interest rate and currency exchange rate fluctuations; the impact of pharmaceutical industry regulation and health care legislation in the United States and internationally; global trends toward health care cost containment; technological advances, new products and patents attained by competitors; challenges inherent in new product development, including obtaining regulatory approval; the company’s ability to accurately predict future market conditions; manufacturing difficulties or delays; financial instability of international economies and sovereign risk; dependence on the effectiveness of the company’s patents and other protections for innovative products; and the exposure to litigation, including patent litigation, and/or regulatory actions. The company undertakes no obligation to publicly update any forward-looking statement, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. Additional factors that could cause results to differ materially from those described in the forward-looking statements can be found in the company’s 2016 Annual Report on Form 10-K and the company’s other filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) available at the SEC’s Internet site (www.sec.gov). Please see Prescribing Information for KEYTRUDA (pembrolizumab) at http://www.merck.com/product/usa/pi_circulars/k/keytruda/keytruda_pi.pdf and Patient Information/Medication Guide for KEYTRUDA at http://www.merck.com/product/usa/pi_circulars/k/keytruda/keytruda_mg.pdf. CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Market Survey Report Examines The Global Application Container Market That Will Grow At A CAGR of XX.X% by 2022 Next PostNext Enhanced Campfire Cooking Device Invented by InventHelp Client (MIS-237) Search Recent Posts Rahal, Honda Dominate in Detroit Dual Capacity Established for Jason High Precision Ocean Altimetry Mission Metop-A celebrates 10 years in orbit and high impact on weather forecasts International science meeting discusses achievements and prospects for Ocean Altimetry EUMETSAT extends Metop-A lifetime, approves contract, and signs agreements for extracting new environmental products from observations of next generation satellites Business Directory Business Contacts Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 3 June 2017 by Maciej Heyman Longer Term Follow-Up Data with Merck’s KEYTRUDA® (pembrolizumab) in Combination with Pemetrexed and Carboplatin in First-Line Nonsquamous Metastatic Non-Small Cell Lung Cancer (NSCLC) to Be Presented at 2017 ASCO Annual Meeting KENILWORTH, N.J.–(BUSINESS WIRE)–Merck (NYSE:MRK), known as MSD outside the United States and Canada, today announced updated results from KEYNOTE-021, Cohort G1, which studied KEYTRUDA® (pembrolizumab), the company’s anti-PD-1 therapy, in combination with pemetrexed and carboplatin (pem/carbo) in the first-line treatment of patients with advanced nonsquamous non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC), irrespective of PD-L1 expression. Data – which are based on an additional five months of follow-up – demonstrated continued benefit with KEYTRUDA plus pem/carbo, including an overall response rate (ORR) of 56.7 percent compared to 30.2 percent with pem/carbo alone (95% CI, 8.9%-42.3%; P = 0.0016). Progression-free survival (PFS) was longer in the KEYTRUDA combination group, with the median not reached (95% CI, 8.5 months-not reached) compared to 8.9 months in the pem/carbo group (95% CI, 6.2-10.3) (HR 0.50 [95% CI, 0.29-0.84, P = 0.0038]). Though statistical significance was not met, an updated overall survival (OS) analysis for the combination with KEYTRUDA plus pem/carbo showed a trend towards improvement compared to patients treated with pem/carbo alone (HR, 0.69 [95% CI, 0.36-1.31, P = 0.13]). The findings are being presented at the 2017 American Society of Clinical Oncology (ASCO) Annual Meeting in Chicago (Abstract #9094). “With an additional five months of follow-up, we are seeing continued benefits in overall response rate and progression-free survival with KEYTRUDA plus pemetrexed/carboplatin,” said Dr. Vassiliki Papadimitrakopoulou, section chief thoracic medical oncology, UT MD Anderson Cancer Center. “These data support the use of this combination regimen for patients with nonsquamous metastatic non-small cell lung cancer, irrespective of PD-L1 expression.” Merck has one of the world’s most robust clinical development programs in immuno-oncology. The program includes extensive research in lung cancer with multiple registration-enabling studies for KEYTRUDA (pembrolizumab) currently underway. The KEYTRUDA clinical development program encompasses more than 30 tumor types in more than 500 clinical trials, including more than 300 trials that combine KEYTRUDA with other cancer treatments. “A significant unmet need in lung cancer has existed for decades, and we are now seeing that KEYTRUDA combined with pemetrexed and carboplatin shows a continued benefit for patients with metastatic nonsquamous non-small cell lung cancer in the first-line treatment of this disease,” said Dr. Roger Dansey, senior vice president and therapeutic area head, oncology late-stage development, Merck Research Laboratories. “We are encouraged by these additional data and look forward to continuing to study this combination through our ongoing clinical research program.” KEYNOTE-021, Cohort G1: Data in First-Line Patients Irrespective of PD-L1 Expression (Abstract #9094) Cohort G1 of the multicenter, open-label, phase 1/2 multi-cohort KEYNOTE-021 study evaluated the efficacy and safety of KEYTRUDA in combination with pemetrexed and carboplatin (KEYTRUDA + pem/carbo combination group) compared with pemetrexed and carboplatin (pem/carbo group) in 123 patients with metastatic, nonsquamous, EGFR- and ALK-negative NSCLC in the first-line treatment setting. The KEYNOTE-021G1 trial was conducted in collaboration with Eli Lilly and Company, the maker of pemetrexed. Patients were randomized to receive KEYTRUDA + pem/carbo (n=60) or pem/carbo alone (n=63). Patients in the KEYTRUDA + pem/carbo combination group received KEYTRUDA (200 mg), pemetrexed (500 mg/m2) and carboplatin (AUC 5 mg/mL/min) every three weeks for four cycles followed by KEYTRUDA every three weeks. In the pem/carbo group, patients received pemetrexed (500 mg/m2) and carboplatin (AUC 5 mg/mL/min) alone for four cycles. At the investigator’s discretion, maintenance pemetrexed (500 mg/m2) every three weeks was permitted in both treatment groups. The major efficacy outcome measure was overall response rate (ORR) as assessed by blinded independent central review (BICR) using Response Evaluation Criteria in Solid Tumors (RECIST) version 1.1. Additional efficacy outcome measures were PFS as assessed by BICR using RECIST 1.1, duration of response and OS. Data to be presented at ASCO include a median follow-up of 14.5 months (range: 0.8-24.0). In this analysis, the KEYTRUDA + pem/carbo combination demonstrated improvement over pem/carbo alone in response rate, duration of response and PFS. ORR was 56.7 percent in the KEYTRUDA + pem/carbo combination group compared to 30.2 percent in the pem/carbo group (95% CI, 8.9%-42.3%; P = 0.0016). The median duration of response had not been reached in the KEYTRUDA + pem/carbo combination group (range: 1.4+ to 18.6+) and was 16.2 months (range: 2.8 to 20.7+) in the pem/carbo group. Findings also included an analysis based on PD-L1 expression. In patients whose tumors did not express PD-L1 (TPS of less than 1%), ORR was 62 percent (95% CI, 38-82) with KEYTRUDA (pembrolizumab) + pem/carbo compared to 13 percent (95% CI, 3-34) with pem/carbo alone. In patients whose tumors expressed PD-L1 (TPS of 1% or more), ORR was 54 percent (95% CI, 37-70) with KEYTRUDA+ pem/carbo compared to 40 percent (95% CI, 25-57) with pem/carbo alone. Among these patients, those with high levels of PD-L1 (TPS of 50% or more) were most likely to respond, with an ORR of 80 percent (95% CI, 56-94) with KEYTRUDA + pem/carbo compared to 41 percent (95% CI, 18-67) with pem/carbo alone. In patients with lower levels of PD-L1 expression (TPS of one to 49%), ORR was 26 percent (95% CI, 9-51) with KEYTRUDA + pem/carbo compared to 39 percent (95% CI, 20-61) with pem/carbo alone. PFS was longer in the KEYTRUDA combination group, with the median not reached (95% CI, 8.5 months-not reached) compared to 8.9 months in the pem/carbo group (95% CI, 6.2-10.3) (HR 0.50 [95% CI, 0.29-0.84, P = 0.0038]). At nine and 12 months, PFS was 63.2 percent and 56.4 percent, respectively, in the KEYTRUDA + pem/carbo combination group compared to 48.1 percent and 33.9 percent in the pem/carbo group. Seventy-five percent (n=36/48) of patients in the pem/carbo group received subsequent anti-PD-1 or PD-L1 therapy, including 22 who received KEYTRUDA as part of study crossover. Though statistical significance was not met in an analysis of OS, the KEYTRUDA + pem/carbo combination was associated with a 31 percent (HR, 0.69 [95% CI, 0.36-1.31, P = 0.13]) reduction in the risk of death. Median OS was not reached in either group; at nine and 12 months, the estimated OS rate was 84.6 percent and 76.0 percent, respectively, in the KEYTRUDA + pem/carbo combination group compared to 82.3 percent and 69.3 percent in the pem/carbo group. The safety findings were consistent with what has been seen in previous trials among patients treated with KEYTRUDA. Grade 3-5 treatment-related adverse events occurring in the KEYTRUDA + pem/carbo group were anemia (11.9%), neutrophil count decreased (6.8%), fatigue (3.4%), nausea (1.7%), rash (1.7%), vomiting (1.7%), aspartate aminotransferase increased (1.7%) and alanine aminotransferase increased (1.7%). The most common immune-mediated adverse events of any grade in patients receiving KEYTRUDA + pem/carbo were hypothyroidism (11.9%), hyperthyroidism (8.5%), pneumonitis (6.8%), infusion reactions (3.4%), severe skin toxicity (1.7%) and colitis (1.7%). There was one treatment-related death in a patient receiving KEYTRUDA + pem/carbo and two in patients receiving pem/carbo alone. About Lung Cancer Lung cancer, which forms in the tissues of the lungs, usually within cells lining the air passages, is the leading cause of cancer death worldwide. Each year, more people die of lung cancer than die of colon, breast and prostate cancers combined. The two main types of lung cancer are non-small cell and small cell. NSCLC is the most common type of lung cancer, accounting for about 85 percent of all cases. The five-year survival rate for patients suffering from highly advanced, metastatic (Stage IV) lung cancers is estimated to be two percent. About KEYTRUDA®(pembrolizumab) Injection KEYTRUDA is an anti-PD-1 therapy that works by increasing the ability of the body’s immune system to help detect and fight tumor cells. KEYTRUDA is a humanized monoclonal antibody that blocks the interaction between PD-1 and its ligands, PD-L1 and PD-L2, thereby activating T lymphocytes which may affect both tumor cells and healthy cells. Studies of KEYTRUDA – from the largest immuno-oncology program in the industry with more than 500 trials – include a wide variety of cancers and treatment settings. The KEYTRUDA clinical program seeks to understand factors that predict a patient’s likelihood of benefitting from treatment with KEYTRUDA, including the exploration of several different biomarkers across a broad range of tumors. KEYTRUDA is administered as an intravenous infusion over 30 minutes every three weeks for the approved indications. KEYTRUDA for injection is supplied in a 100 mg single-dose vial. KEYTRUDA®(pembrolizumab) Indications and Dosing Melanoma KEYTRUDA is indicated for the treatment of patients with unresectable or metastatic melanoma at a fixed dose of 200 mg every three weeks until disease progression or unacceptable toxicity. Lung Cancer KEYTRUDA, as a single agent, is indicated for the first-line treatment of patients with metastatic non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC) whose tumors have high PD-L1 expression [tumor proportion score (TPS) ≥50%] as determined by an FDA-approved test, with no EGFR or ALK genomic tumor aberrations. KEYTRUDA, as a single agent, is also indicated for the treatment of patients with metastatic NSCLC whose tumors express PD-L1 (TPS ≥1%) as determined by an FDA-approved test, with disease progression on or after platinum-containing chemotherapy. Patients with EGFR or ALK genomic tumor aberrations should have disease progression on FDA-approved therapy for these aberrations prior to receiving KEYTRUDA (pembrolizumab). KEYTRUDA, in combination with pemetrexed and carboplatin, is indicated for the first-line treatment of patients with metastatic nonsquamous NSCLC. This indication is approved under accelerated approval based on tumor response rate and progression-free survival. Continued approval for this indication may be contingent upon verification and description of clinical benefit in the confirmatory trials. In metastatic NSCLC, KEYTRUDA is administered at a fixed dose of 200 mg every three weeks until disease progression, unacceptable toxicity, or up to 24 months in patients without disease progression. When administering KEYTRUDA in combination with chemotherapy, KEYTRUDA should be administered prior to chemotherapy when given on the same day. See also the Prescribing Information for pemetrexed and carboplatin. Head and Neck Cancer KEYTRUDA is indicated for the treatment of patients with recurrent or metastatic head and neck squamous cell carcinoma (HNSCC) with disease progression on or after platinum-containing chemotherapy. This indication is approved under accelerated approval based on tumor response rate and durability of response. Continued approval for this indication may be contingent upon verification and description of clinical benefit in the confirmatory trials. In HNSCC, KEYTRUDA is administered at a fixed dose of 200 mg every three weeks until disease progression, unacceptable toxicity, or up to 24 months in patients without disease progression. Classical Hodgkin Lymphoma KEYTRUDA is indicated for the treatment of adult and pediatric patients with refractory classical Hodgkin lymphoma (cHL), or who have relapsed after three or more prior lines of therapy. This indication is approved under accelerated approval based on tumor response rate and durability of response. Continued approval for this indication may be contingent upon verification and description of clinical benefit in the confirmatory trials. In adults with cHL, KEYTRUDA is administered at a fixed dose of 200 mg every three weeks until disease progression or unacceptable toxicity, or up to 24 months in patients without disease progression. In pediatric patients with cHL, KEYTRUDA is administered at a dose of 2 mg/kg (up to a maximum of 200 mg) every three weeks until disease progression or unacceptable toxicity, or up to 24 months in patients without disease progression. Urothelial Carcinoma KEYTRUDA (pembrolizumab) is indicated for the treatment of patients with locally advanced or metastatic urothelial carcinoma who are not eligible for cisplatin-containing chemotherapy. This indication is approved under accelerated approval based on tumor response rate and duration of response. Continued approval for this indication may be contingent upon verification and description of clinical benefit in the confirmatory trials. KEYTRUDA is also indicated for the treatment of patients with locally advanced or metastatic urothelial carcinoma who have disease progression during or following platinum-containing chemotherapy or within 12 months of neoadjuvant or adjuvant treatment with platinum-containing chemotherapy. In locally advanced or metastatic urothelial carcinoma, KEYTRUDA is administered at a fixed dose of 200 mg every three weeks until disease progression or unacceptable toxicity, or up to 24 months in patients without disease progression. Microsatellite Instability-High (MSI-H) Cancer KEYTRUDA is indicated for the treatment of adult and pediatric patients with unresectable or metastatic microsatellite instability-high (MSI-H) or mismatch repair deficient (dMMR) solid tumors that have progressed following prior treatment and who have no satisfactory alternative treatment options, or colorectal cancer that has progressed following treatment with fluoropyrimidine, oxaliplatin, and irinotecan. This indication is approved under accelerated approval based on tumor response rate and durability of response. Continued approval for this indication may be contingent upon verification and description of clinical benefit in the confirmatory trials. The safety and effectiveness of KEYTRUDA in pediatric patients with MSI-H central nervous system cancers have not been established. In adult patients with MSI-H cancer, KEYTRUDA is administered at a fixed dose of 200 mg every three weeks until disease progression, unacceptable toxicity, or up to 24 months in patients without disease progression. In pediatric patients with MSI-H cancer, KEYTRUDA is administered at a dose of 2 mg/kg (up to a maximum of 200 mg) every three weeks until disease progression or unacceptable toxicity, or up to 24 months in patients without disease progression. Selected Important Safety Information for KEYTRUDA® (pembrolizumab) KEYTRUDA (pembrolizumab) can cause immune-mediated pneumonitis, including fatal cases. Pneumonitis occurred in 94 (3.4%) of 2799 patients receiving KEYTRUDA, including Grade 1 (0.8%), 2 (1.3%), 3 (0.9%), 4 (0.3%), and 5 (0.1%) pneumonitis, and occurred more frequently in patients with a history of prior thoracic radiation (6.9%) compared to those without (2.9%). Monitor patients for signs and symptoms of pneumonitis. Evaluate suspected pneumonitis with radiographic imaging. Administer corticosteroids for Grade 2 or greater pneumonitis. Withhold KEYTRUDA for Grade 2; permanently discontinue KEYTRUDA for Grade 3 or 4 or recurrent Grade 2 pneumonitis. KEYTRUDA can cause immune-mediated colitis. Colitis occurred in 48 (1.7%) of 2799 patients receiving KEYTRUDA, including Grade 2 (0.4%), 3 (1.1%), and 4 (<0.1%) colitis. Monitor patients for signs and symptoms of colitis. Administer corticosteroids for Grade 2 or greater colitis. Withhold KEYTRUDA for Grade 2 or 3; permanently discontinue KEYTRUDA for Grade 4 colitis. KEYTRUDA can cause immune-mediated hepatitis. Hepatitis occurred in 19 (0.7%) of 2799 patients receiving KEYTRUDA, including Grade 2 (0.1%), 3 (0.4%), and 4 (<0.1%) hepatitis. Monitor patients for changes in liver function. Administer corticosteroids for Grade 2 or greater hepatitis and, based on severity of liver enzyme elevations, withhold or discontinue KEYTRUDA. KEYTRUDA can cause hypophysitis. Hypophysitis occurred in 17 (0.6%) of 2799 patients receiving KEYTRUDA, including Grade 2 (0.2%), 3 (0.3%), and 4 (<0.1%) hypophysitis. Monitor patients for signs and symptoms of hypophysitis (including hypopituitarism and adrenal insufficiency). Administer corticosteroids and hormone replacement as clinically indicated. Withhold KEYTRUDA for Grade 2; withhold or discontinue for Grade 3 or 4 hypophysitis. KEYTRUDA can cause thyroid disorders, including hyperthyroidism, hypothyroidism, and thyroiditis. Hyperthyroidism occurred in 96 (3.4%) of 2799 patients receiving KEYTRUDA, including Grade 2 (0.8%) and 3 (0.1%) hyperthyroidism. Hypothyroidism occurred in 237 (8.5%) of 2799 patients receiving KEYTRUDA, including Grade 2 (6.2%) and 3 (0.1%) hypothyroidism. Thyroiditis occurred in 16 (0.6%) of 2799 patients receiving KEYTRUDA, including Grade 2 (0.3%) thyroiditis. Monitor patients for changes in thyroid function (at the start of treatment, periodically during treatment, and as indicated based on clinical evaluation) and for clinical signs and symptoms of thyroid disorders. Administer replacement hormones for hypothyroidism and manage hyperthyroidism with thionamides and beta-blockers as appropriate. Withhold or discontinue KEYTRUDA for Grade 3 or 4 hyperthyroidism. KEYTRUDA can cause type 1 diabetes mellitus, including diabetic ketoacidosis, which have been reported in 6 (0.2%) of 2799 patients. Monitor patients for hyperglycemia or other signs and symptoms of diabetes. Administer insulin for type 1 diabetes, and withhold KEYTRUDA and administer antihyperglycemics in patients with severe hyperglycemia. KEYTRUDA (pembrolizumab) can cause immune-mediated nephritis. Nephritis occurred in 9 (0.3%) of 2799 patients receiving KEYTRUDA, including Grade 2 (0.1%), 3 (0.1%), and 4 (<0.1%) nephritis. Monitor patients for changes in renal function. Administer corticosteroids for Grade 2 or greater nephritis. Withhold KEYTRUDA for Grade 2; permanently discontinue KEYTRUDA for Grade 3 or 4 nephritis. KEYTRUDA can cause other clinically important immune-mediated adverse reactions. These immune-mediated reactions may occur in any organ system. For suspected immune-mediated adverse reactions, ensure adequate evaluation to confirm etiology or exclude other causes. Based on the severity of the adverse reaction, withhold KEYTRUDA and administer corticosteroids. Upon improvement to Grade 1 or less, initiate corticosteroid taper and continue to taper over at least 1 month. Based on limited data from clinical studies in patients whose immune-related adverse reactions could not be controlled with corticosteroid use, administration of other systemic immunosuppressants can be considered. Resume KEYTRUDA when the adverse reaction remains at Grade 1 or less following corticosteroid taper. Permanently discontinue KEYTRUDA for any Grade 3 immune-mediated adverse reaction that recurs and for any life-threatening immune-mediated adverse reaction. The following clinically significant immune-mediated adverse reactions occurred in less than 1% (unless otherwise indicated) of 2799 patients: arthritis (1.5%), exfoliative dermatitis, bullous pemphigoid, rash (1.4%), uveitis, myositis, Guillain-Barré syndrome, myasthenia gravis, vasculitis, pancreatitis, hemolytic anemia, and partial seizures arising in a patient with inflammatory foci in brain parenchyma. In addition, myelitis and myocarditis were reported in other clinical trials, including classical Hodgkin lymphoma, and postmarketing use. Solid organ transplant rejection has been reported in postmarketing use of KEYTRUDA. Treatment with KEYTRUDA may increase the risk of rejection in solid organ transplant recipients. Consider the benefit of treatment with KEYTRUDA vs the risk of possible organ rejection in these patients. KEYTRUDA can cause severe or life-threatening infusion-related reactions, including hypersensitivity and anaphylaxis, which have been reported in 6 (0.2%) of 2799 patients. Monitor patients for signs and symptoms of infusion-related reactions, including rigors, chills, wheezing, pruritus, flushing, rash, hypotension, hypoxemia, and fever. For Grade 3 or 4 reactions, stop infusion and permanently discontinue KEYTRUDA. Immune-mediated complications, including fatal events, occurred in patients who underwent allogeneic hematopoietic stem cell transplantation (HSCT) after being treated with KEYTRUDA. Of 23 patients with cHL who proceeded to allogeneic HSCT after treatment with KEYTRUDA on any trial, 6 patients (26%) developed graft-versus-host-disease (GVHD), one of which was fatal, and 2 patients (9%) developed severe hepatic veno-occlusive disease (VOD) after reduced-intensity conditioning, one of which was fatal. Cases of fatal hyperacute GVHD after allogeneic HSCT have also been reported in patients with lymphoma who received a PD-1 receptor–blocking antibody before transplantation. These complications may occur despite intervening therapy between PD-1 blockade and allogeneic HSCT. Follow patients closely for early evidence of transplant-related complications such as hyperacute GVHD, severe (Grade 3 to 4) acute GVHD, steroid-requiring febrile syndrome, hepatic VOD, and other immune-mediated adverse reactions, and intervene promptly. Based on its mechanism of action, KEYTRUDA (pembrolizumab) can cause fetal harm when administered to a pregnant woman. If used during pregnancy, or if the patient becomes pregnant during treatment, apprise the patient of the potential hazard to a fetus. Advise females of reproductive potential to use highly effective contraception during treatment and for 4 months after the last dose of KEYTRUDA. When KEYTRUDA was administered in combination with carboplatin and pemetrexed (carbo/pem), KEYTRUDA was discontinued in 10% of 59 patients. The most common adverse reaction resulting in discontinuation of KEYTRUDA (≥2%) was acute kidney injury (3.4%). Adverse reactions leading to interruption of KEYTRUDA occurred in 39% of patients; the most common (≥2%) were fatigue (8%), neutrophil count decreased (8%), anemia (5%), dyspnea (3.4%), and pneumonitis (3.4%). The most common adverse reactions (≥20%) with KEYTRUDA compared to carbo/pem alone were fatigue (71% vs 50%), nausea (68% vs 56%), constipation (51% vs 37%), rash (42% vs 21%), vomiting (39% vs 27%), dyspnea (39% vs 21%), diarrhea (37% vs 23%), decreased appetite (31% vs 23%), headache (31% vs 16%), cough (24% vs 18%), dizziness (24% vs 16%), insomnia (24% vs 15%), pruritus (24% vs 4.8%), peripheral edema (22% vs 18%), dysgeusia (20% vs 11%), alopecia (20% vs 3.2%), upper respiratory tract infection (20% vs 3.2%), and arthralgia (15% vs 24%). This study was not designed to demonstrate a statistically significant difference in adverse reaction rates for KEYTRUDA as compared to carbo/pem alone for any specified adverse reaction. It is not known whether KEYTRUDA is excreted in human milk. Because many drugs are excreted in human milk, instruct women to discontinue nursing during treatment with KEYTRUDA and for 4 months after the final dose. Our Focus on Cancer Our goal is to translate breakthrough science into innovative oncology medicines to help people with cancer worldwide. At Merck, helping people fight cancer is our passion and supporting accessibility to our cancer medicines is our commitment. Our focus is on pursuing research in immuno-oncology and we are accelerating every step in the journey – from lab to clinic – to potentially bring new hope to people with cancer. As part of our focus on cancer, Merck is committed to exploring the potential of immuno-oncology with one of the fastest-growing development programs in the industry. We are currently executing an expansive research program that includes more than 500 clinical trials evaluating our anti-PD-1 therapy across more than 30 tumor types. We also continue to strengthen our immuno-oncology portfolio through strategic acquisitions and are prioritizing the development of several promising immunotherapeutic candidates with the potential to improve the treatment of advanced cancers. For more information about our oncology clinical trials, visit www.merck.com/clinicaltrials. About Merck For more than a century, Merck, a leading global biopharmaceutical company known as MSD outside of the United States and Canada, has been inventing for life, bringing forward medicines and vaccines for many of the world’s most challenging diseases. Through our prescription medicines, vaccines, biologic therapies and animal health products, we work with customers and operate in more than 140 countries to deliver innovative health solutions. We also demonstrate our commitment to increasing access to health care through far-reaching policies, programs and partnerships. Today, Merck continues to be at the forefront of research to advance the prevention and treatment of diseases that threaten people and communities around the world – including cancer, cardio-metabolic diseases, emerging animal diseases, Alzheimer’s disease and infectious diseases including HIV and Ebola. For more information, visit www.merck.com and connect with us on Twitter, Facebook, Instagram, YouTube and LinkedIn. Forward-Looking Statement of Merck & Co., Inc., Kenilworth, N.J., USA This news release of Merck & Co., Inc., Kenilworth, N.J., USA (the “company”) includes “forward-looking statements” within the meaning of the safe harbor provisions of the U.S. Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These statements are based upon the current beliefs and expectations of the company’s management and are subject to significant risks and uncertainties. There can be no guarantees with respect to pipeline products that the products will receive the necessary regulatory approvals or that they will prove to be commercially successful. If underlying assumptions prove inaccurate or risks or uncertainties materialize, actual results may differ materially from those set forth in the forward-looking statements. Risks and uncertainties include but are not limited to, general industry conditions and competition; general economic factors, including interest rate and currency exchange rate fluctuations; the impact of pharmaceutical industry regulation and health care legislation in the United States and internationally; global trends toward health care cost containment; technological advances, new products and patents attained by competitors; challenges inherent in new product development, including obtaining regulatory approval; the company’s ability to accurately predict future market conditions; manufacturing difficulties or delays; financial instability of international economies and sovereign risk; dependence on the effectiveness of the company’s patents and other protections for innovative products; and the exposure to litigation, including patent litigation, and/or regulatory actions. The company undertakes no obligation to publicly update any forward-looking statement, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. Additional factors that could cause results to differ materially from those described in the forward-looking statements can be found in the company’s 2016 Annual Report on Form 10-K and the company’s other filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) available at the SEC’s Internet site (www.sec.gov). Please see Prescribing Information for KEYTRUDA (pembrolizumab) at http://www.merck.com/product/usa/pi_circulars/k/keytruda/keytruda_pi.pdf and Patient Information/Medication Guide for KEYTRUDA at http://www.merck.com/product/usa/pi_circulars/k/keytruda/keytruda_mg.pdf. CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Dendreon Announces New Findings Demonstrating Durable and Robust Killer T-Cell Response with PROVENGE Next PostNext Anti-LAG-3 (BMS-986016) in Combination with Opdivo (nivolumab) Showed Activity in Patients with Melanoma Who Were Relapsed or Refractory to Anti-PD-1/PD-L1 Therapy Search Recent Posts Ion Exchange Resins Market expected to grow at a CAGR of 5.4% from 2016 – 2026 Asia-Pacific STV Stevia Market Research Report 2017 to 2022 Global Methionine Market Analysis- Size, Share, overview, scope, Revenue, Gross Margin, Segment and Forecast 2017 IBM Research Alliance Builds New Transistor for 5nm Technology Mobile Phone Accessories Market will reach at a CAGR of 6.9% from 2015 to 2025 Business Directory Business Contacts Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Proudly powered by WordPress
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Merck & Co. Inc. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Merck & Co. Inc. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Chevron Co. (CVX) Shares Sold by Salem Capital Management Inc. Cohen Klingenstein LLC Holds Position in Chevron Co. (CVX) Louisiana State Employees Retirement System Has $10.72 Million Position in Merck & Co., Inc. (MRK) LOOMIS AB SER'B'NPV (LOIMF) Rating Increased to Buy at Zacks Investment Research Peabody Energy Co. (BTU) Short Interest Update Apple Inc. (AAPL) is Chevy Chase Trust Holdings Inc.’s Largest Position Grassi Investment Management Purchases 22,751 Shares of JPMorgan Chase & Co. (JPM) Winslow Asset Management Inc. Cuts Position in Procter & Gamble Co (PG) Tenet Healthcare Corp (THC) Position Boosted by Bank of Montreal Can Bonness Enterprises Inc. Maintains Stake in Apple Inc. (AAPL) Microsoft Co. (MSFT) is Moreno Evelyn V’s 9th Largest Position Teachers Advisors LLC Has $1.12 Million Position in Medifast Inc (MED) Teachers Advisors LLC Raises Position in Kelly Services, Inc. (KELYA) Teachers Advisors LLC Raises Position in Haverty Furniture Companies, Inc. (HVT) Grand Canyon Education Inc (LOPE) Lowered to Hold at Zacks Investment Research Life Storage Inc (LSI) Upgraded to Hold at Zacks Investment Research Centurylink Inc (CTL) Debt Trading 2.2% Lower Seaport Global Securities Analysts Cut Earnings Estimates for Ship Finance International Limited (SFL) Q3 2017 EPS Estimates for Supernus Pharmaceuticals Inc Lowered by Analyst (SUPN) Masimo Co. (MASI) Short Interest Down 24.7% in May Louisiana State Employees Retirement System Has $10.72 Million Position in Merck & Co., Inc. (MRK) June 3rd, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Tyrone Williams Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet Louisiana State Employees Retirement System reduced its stake in shares of Merck & Co., Inc. (NYSE:MRK) by 2.7% during the first quarter, Holdings Channel reports. The fund owned 168,700 shares of the company’s stock after selling 4,700 shares during the period. Merck & Co. comprises approximately 0.5% of Louisiana State Employees Retirement System’s investment portfolio, making the stock its 24th largest position. Louisiana State Employees Retirement System’s holdings in Merck & Co. were worth $10,719,000 as of its most recent SEC filing. Several other institutional investors have also recently added to or reduced their stakes in MRK. Adirondack Trust Co. increased its position in Merck & Co. by 0.4% in the first quarter. Adirondack Trust Co. now owns 11,334 shares of the company’s stock valued at $720,000 after buying an additional 41 shares during the last quarter. Northstar Group Inc. increased its position in Merck & Co. by 0.5% in the first quarter. Northstar Group Inc. now owns 12,778 shares of the company’s stock valued at $811,000 after buying an additional 58 shares during the last quarter. American National Bank increased its position in Merck & Co. by 1.1% in the first quarter. American National Bank now owns 5,826 shares of the company’s stock valued at $370,000 after buying an additional 61 shares during the last quarter. Barrington Strategic Wealth Management Group LLC increased its position in Merck & Co. by 0.4% in the fourth quarter. Barrington Strategic Wealth Management Group LLC now owns 15,965 shares of the company’s stock valued at $940,000 after buying an additional 65 shares during the last quarter. Finally, Vontobel Swiss Wealth Advisors AG increased its position in Merck & Co. by 1.8% in the fourth quarter. Vontobel Swiss Wealth Advisors AG now owns 4,735 shares of the company’s stock valued at $279,000 after buying an additional 85 shares during the last quarter. 74.10% of the stock is currently owned by hedge funds and other institutional investors. Merck & Co., Inc. (NYSE MRK) opened at 65.47 on Friday. Merck & Co., Inc. has a 52 week low of $55.10 and a 52 week high of $66.80. The stock has a market capitalization of $179.07 billion, a price-to-earnings ratio of 41.73 and a beta of 0.79. The company has a 50-day moving average of $63.58 and a 200-day moving average of $62.97. Merck & Co. (NYSE:MRK) last released its quarterly earnings data on Tuesday, May 2nd. The company reported $0.88 EPS for the quarter, topping analysts’ consensus estimates of $0.83 by $0.05. The firm had revenue of $9.43 billion for the quarter, compared to the consensus estimate of $9.25 billion. Merck & Co. had a net margin of 14.30% and a return on equity of 24.08%. The firm’s revenue was up 1.3% on a year-over-year basis. During the same quarter in the previous year, the firm earned $0.89 earnings per share. Analysts anticipate that Merck & Co., Inc. will post $3.84 earnings per share for the current year. The business also recently disclosed a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Monday, July 10th. Investors of record on Thursday, June 15th will be issued a dividend of $0.47 per share. This represents a $1.88 dividend on an annualized basis and a yield of 2.87%. The ex-dividend date of this dividend is Tuesday, June 13th. Merck & Co.’s dividend payout ratio is currently 92.61%. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION WARNING: This news story was first published by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are viewing this news story on another publication, it was illegally copied and reposted in violation of United States and international copyright and trademark law. The legal version of this news story can be viewed at https://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/06/03/louisiana-state-employees-retirement-system-has-10-72-million-position-in-merck-co-inc-mrk.html. Several equities research analysts have commented on the stock. Vetr lowered shares of Merck & Co. from a “strong-buy” rating to a “buy” rating and set a $69.99 price target on the stock. in a report on Wednesday, May 17th. Jefferies Group LLC reaffirmed a “sell” rating and issued a $51.00 price target on shares of Merck & Co. in a report on Wednesday, May 24th. Zacks Investment Research lowered shares of Merck & Co. from a “buy” rating to a “hold” rating in a report on Thursday, May 25th. Cowen and Company reaffirmed a “market perform” rating and issued a $68.00 price target on shares of Merck & Co. in a report on Tuesday, April 11th. Finally, BMO Capital Markets reaffirmed an “outperform” rating and issued a $70.00 price target on shares of Merck & Co. in a report on Sunday, April 23rd. Two investment analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, seven have issued a hold rating and twelve have issued a buy rating to the company. The stock presently has a consensus rating of “Hold” and a consensus price target of $68.58. In related news, Director C Robert Kidder sold 5,000 shares of the business’s stock in a transaction dated Friday, May 12th. The shares were sold at an average price of $63.54, for a total transaction of $317,700.00. Following the sale, the director now owns 14,317 shares of the company’s stock, valued at $909,702.18. The transaction was disclosed in a legal filing with the SEC, which can be accessed through this link. Also, EVP Adam H. Schechter sold 53,850 shares of the business’s stock in a transaction dated Monday, April 3rd. The stock was sold at an average price of $63.48, for a total transaction of $3,418,398.00. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. 0.05% of the stock is currently owned by insiders. Merck & Co. Company Profile Merck & Co, Inc is a global healthcare company. The Company offers health solutions through its prescription medicines, vaccines, biologic therapies and animal health products. It operates through four segments: Pharmaceutical, Animal Health, Healthcare Services and Alliances. The Company’s Pharmaceutical segment includes human health pharmaceutical and vaccine products marketed either directly by the Company or through joint ventures. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding MRK? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Merck & Co., Inc. (NYSE:MRK). Receive News & Ratings for Merck & Co. Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Merck & Co. Inc. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News World Leaders Very Critical of Paris Agreement Decision by Trump Aide to President Trump Resigns With More Expected Scud-Class Missile Launched by North Korea Travel Ban Dealt Another Blow by Appeals Court President Trump Welcomed by Pope Francis at Vatican © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Merck & Co. Inc. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Merck & Co. Inc. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Harvey Capital Management Inc. Buys 6,800 Shares of Facebook Inc (FB) Addison Capital Co Acquires Shares of 3,425 Merck & Co., Inc. (MRK) Howard Capital Management Acquires 930 Shares of Merck & Co., Inc. (MRK) Alphabet Inc (GOOGL) Stake Reduced by AMI Asset Management Corp ELM Advisors LLC Has $275,000 Position in PepsiCo, Inc. (PEP) ELM Advisors LLC Cuts Stake in Chevron Co. (CVX) AT&T Inc. (T) Position Boosted by Grassi Investment Management Zacks Investment Research Lowers ROTORK (RTOXY) to Hold Allianz SE (ALV) PT Set at €180.00 by S&P Global National Grid plc (NG) Given a GBX 1,075 Price Target by Barclays PLC Analysts General Electric Company (GE) PT Set at $24.00 by Deutsche Bank AG Siemens AG (SIE) PT Set at €130.00 by Deutsche Bank AG Barclays PLC Reiterates €45.00 Price Target for Prosiebensat 1 Media SE (PSM) Eagle Pharmaceuticals Inc (EGRX) Stake Increased by Teachers Advisors LLC German American Bancorp., Inc. (GABC) Stake Held by Teachers Advisors LLC STADA Arzneimittel AG (SAZ) Given a €66.00 Price Target at Independent Research GmbH Royal Bank of Canada Analysts Give Innogy SE (IGY) a €36.50 Price Target Gorman-Rupp Co (GRC) Shares Bought by Teachers Advisors LLC Deutsche Telekom AG (DTE) Given a €19.30 Price Target by JPMorgan Chase & Co. Analysts Teachers Advisors LLC Has $1.20 Million Position in Photronics, Inc. (PLAB) Addison Capital Co Acquires Shares of 3,425 Merck & Co., Inc. (MRK) June 2nd, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Trevor Kearing Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet Addison Capital Co bought a new stake in shares of Merck & Co., Inc. (NYSE:MRK) during the first quarter, according to its most recent filing with the SEC. The fund bought 3,425 shares of the company’s stock, valued at approximately $218,000. Several other institutional investors have also recently bought and sold shares of the stock. JT Stratford LLC purchased a new position in Merck & Co. during the fourth quarter valued at $2,394,000. Amtrust Financial Services Inc. purchased a new position in Merck & Co. during the fourth quarter valued at $1,006,000. Burney Co. raised its position in Merck & Co. by 16.9% in the fourth quarter. Burney Co. now owns 27,515 shares of the company’s stock valued at $1,620,000 after buying an additional 3,972 shares during the period. Smith Salley & Associates raised its position in Merck & Co. by 0.4% in the fourth quarter. Smith Salley & Associates now owns 94,193 shares of the company’s stock valued at $5,545,000 after buying an additional 359 shares during the period. Finally, Prudential PLC raised its position in Merck & Co. by 16.1% in the fourth quarter. Prudential PLC now owns 3,785,156 shares of the company’s stock valued at $222,832,000 after buying an additional 524,839 shares during the period. 74.10% of the stock is owned by hedge funds and other institutional investors. Merck & Co., Inc. (NYSE:MRK) opened at 65.26 on Friday. The firm has a market cap of $178.50 billion, a PE ratio of 41.59 and a beta of 0.79. The stock’s 50 day moving average is $63.49 and its 200 day moving average is $62.95. Merck & Co., Inc. has a 12 month low of $55.10 and a 12 month high of $66.80. Merck & Co. (NYSE:MRK) last posted its quarterly earnings data on Tuesday, May 2nd. The company reported $0.88 EPS for the quarter, topping the Zacks’ consensus estimate of $0.83 by $0.05. Merck & Co. had a return on equity of 24.08% and a net margin of 14.30%. The company had revenue of $9.43 billion for the quarter, compared to the consensus estimate of $9.25 billion. During the same quarter in the previous year, the business earned $0.89 EPS. The company’s quarterly revenue was up 1.3% compared to the same quarter last year. On average, equities analysts forecast that Merck & Co., Inc. will post $3.84 earnings per share for the current year. The business also recently announced a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Monday, July 10th. Stockholders of record on Thursday, June 15th will be given a dividend of $0.47 per share. This represents a $1.88 dividend on an annualized basis and a dividend yield of 2.88%. The ex-dividend date is Tuesday, June 13th. Merck & Co.’s dividend payout ratio (DPR) is presently 92.61%. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION NOTICE: This piece was originally published by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are accessing this piece on another site, it was illegally copied and reposted in violation of U.S. & international trademark and copyright legislation. The correct version of this piece can be viewed at https://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/06/02/addison-capital-co-acquires-shares-of-3425-merck-co-inc-mrk.html. MRK has been the subject of several recent research reports. Sanford C. Bernstein reaffirmed a “market perform” rating on shares of Merck & Co. in a report on Friday, February 24th. JPMorgan Chase & Co. lifted their target price on shares of Merck & Co. from $74.00 to $76.00 and gave the company an “overweight” rating in a report on Thursday, May 11th. Vetr raised shares of Merck & Co. from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating and set a $69.31 target price for the company in a report on Wednesday, March 8th. BMO Capital Markets cut their target price on shares of Merck & Co. from $72.00 to $70.00 and set an “outperform” rating for the company in a report on Wednesday, February 15th. Finally, Leerink Swann reaffirmed a “market perform” rating on shares of Merck & Co. in a report on Monday, March 20th. Two research analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, seven have given a hold rating and twelve have issued a buy rating to the company. Merck & Co. currently has an average rating of “Hold” and an average target price of $68.58. In other news, EVP Adam H. Schechter sold 53,850 shares of the business’s stock in a transaction on Monday, April 3rd. The stock was sold at an average price of $63.48, for a total transaction of $3,418,398.00. The sale was disclosed in a document filed with the SEC, which is available through the SEC website. Also, Director C Robert Kidder sold 5,000 shares of the business’s stock in a transaction on Friday, May 12th. The stock was sold at an average price of $63.54, for a total value of $317,700.00. Following the sale, the director now directly owns 14,317 shares in the company, valued at $909,702.18. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. 0.05% of the stock is owned by insiders. About Merck & Co. Merck & Co, Inc is a global healthcare company. The Company offers health solutions through its prescription medicines, vaccines, biologic therapies and animal health products. It operates through four segments: Pharmaceutical, Animal Health, Healthcare Services and Alliances. The Company’s Pharmaceutical segment includes human health pharmaceutical and vaccine products marketed either directly by the Company or through joint ventures. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding MRK? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Merck & Co., Inc. (NYSE:MRK). Receive News & Ratings for Merck & Co. Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Merck & Co. Inc. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Aide to President Trump Resigns With More Expected Scud-Class Missile Launched by North Korea Travel Ban Dealt Another Blow by Appeals Court President Trump Welcomed by Pope Francis at Vatican President Trump Visits Israel for First Time as U.S. President © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Merck & Co. Inc. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Merck & Co. Inc. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Harvey Capital Management Inc. Buys 6,800 Shares of Facebook Inc (FB) Addison Capital Co Acquires Shares of 3,425 Merck & Co., Inc. (MRK) Howard Capital Management Acquires 930 Shares of Merck & Co., Inc. (MRK) Alphabet Inc (GOOGL) Stake Reduced by AMI Asset Management Corp ELM Advisors LLC Has $275,000 Position in PepsiCo, Inc. (PEP) ELM Advisors LLC Cuts Stake in Chevron Co. (CVX) AT&T Inc. (T) Position Boosted by Grassi Investment Management Zacks Investment Research Lowers ROTORK (RTOXY) to Hold Allianz SE (ALV) PT Set at €180.00 by S&P Global National Grid plc (NG) Given a GBX 1,075 Price Target by Barclays PLC Analysts General Electric Company (GE) PT Set at $24.00 by Deutsche Bank AG Siemens AG (SIE) PT Set at €130.00 by Deutsche Bank AG Barclays PLC Reiterates €45.00 Price Target for Prosiebensat 1 Media SE (PSM) Eagle Pharmaceuticals Inc (EGRX) Stake Increased by Teachers Advisors LLC German American Bancorp., Inc. (GABC) Stake Held by Teachers Advisors LLC STADA Arzneimittel AG (SAZ) Given a €66.00 Price Target at Independent Research GmbH Royal Bank of Canada Analysts Give Innogy SE (IGY) a €36.50 Price Target Gorman-Rupp Co (GRC) Shares Bought by Teachers Advisors LLC Deutsche Telekom AG (DTE) Given a €19.30 Price Target by JPMorgan Chase & Co. Analysts Teachers Advisors LLC Has $1.20 Million Position in Photronics, Inc. (PLAB) Howard Capital Management Acquires 930 Shares of Merck & Co., Inc. (MRK) June 2nd, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Latisha Jones Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet Howard Capital Management increased its position in shares of Merck & Co., Inc. (NYSE:MRK) by 0.4% during the first quarter, Holdings Channel reports. The fund owned 262,435 shares of the company’s stock after buying an additional 930 shares during the period. Merck & Co. makes up 2.8% of Howard Capital Management’s portfolio, making the stock its 10th largest position. Howard Capital Management’s holdings in Merck & Co. were worth $16,675,000 as of its most recent filing with the SEC. Several other hedge funds also recently bought and sold shares of MRK. Intellectus Partners LLC acquired a new stake in shares of Merck & Co. during the fourth quarter worth about $103,000. Blume Capital Management Inc. raised its stake in shares of Merck & Co. by 14.0% in the third quarter. Blume Capital Management Inc. now owns 1,710 shares of the company’s stock worth $107,000 after buying an additional 210 shares during the last quarter. Cascade Investment Advisors Inc. acquired a new stake in shares of Merck & Co. during the fourth quarter worth about $135,000. Mascoma Wealth Management LLC acquired a new stake in shares of Merck & Co. during the fourth quarter worth about $135,000. Finally, Gradient Investments LLC raised its stake in shares of Merck & Co. by 41.3% in the first quarter. Gradient Investments LLC now owns 2,306 shares of the company’s stock worth $147,000 after buying an additional 674 shares during the last quarter. 74.10% of the stock is currently owned by institutional investors and hedge funds. Shares of Merck & Co., Inc. (MRK) opened at 65.26 on Friday. The company’s 50 day moving average price is $63.49 and its 200 day moving average price is $62.95. Merck & Co., Inc. has a one year low of $55.10 and a one year high of $66.80. The stock has a market capitalization of $178.50 billion, a P/E ratio of 41.59 and a beta of 0.79. Merck & Co. (NYSE:MRK) last issued its quarterly earnings data on Tuesday, May 2nd. The company reported $0.88 EPS for the quarter, topping the Thomson Reuters’ consensus estimate of $0.83 by $0.05. The business had revenue of $9.43 billion for the quarter, compared to the consensus estimate of $9.25 billion. Merck & Co. had a return on equity of 24.08% and a net margin of 14.30%. The firm’s revenue was up 1.3% compared to the same quarter last year. During the same quarter last year, the business posted $0.89 EPS. On average, equities analysts expect that Merck & Co., Inc. will post $3.84 earnings per share for the current year. The firm also recently disclosed a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Monday, July 10th. Investors of record on Thursday, June 15th will be paid a dividend of $0.47 per share. This represents a $1.88 annualized dividend and a yield of 2.88%. The ex-dividend date is Tuesday, June 13th. Merck & Co.’s payout ratio is presently 92.61%. WARNING: “Howard Capital Management Acquires 930 Shares of Merck & Co., Inc. (MRK)” was posted by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are accessing this report on another publication, it was illegally stolen and republished in violation of United States & international copyright law. The correct version of this report can be accessed at https://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/06/02/howard-capital-management-acquires-930-shares-of-merck-co-inc-mrk.html. A number of analysts have issued reports on MRK shares. BMO Capital Markets decreased their price target on Merck & Co. from $72.00 to $70.00 and set an “outperform” rating on the stock in a research note on Wednesday, February 15th. Vetr raised Merck & Co. from a “sell” rating to a “hold” rating and set a $63.44 price target on the stock in a research note on Wednesday, February 22nd. Sanford C. Bernstein reissued a “market perform” rating on shares of Merck & Co. in a research note on Friday, February 24th. Jefferies Group LLC reissued an “underperform” rating and issued a $52.00 price target (up from $50.00) on shares of Merck & Co. in a research note on Saturday, March 11th. Finally, Leerink Swann reissued a “market perform” rating on shares of Merck & Co. in a research note on Monday, March 20th. Two investment analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, seven have issued a hold rating and twelve have assigned a buy rating to the company’s stock. The stock currently has a consensus rating of “Hold” and an average price target of $68.58. In other Merck & Co. news, EVP Adam H. Schechter sold 53,850 shares of Merck & Co. stock in a transaction dated Monday, April 3rd. The stock was sold at an average price of $63.48, for a total value of $3,418,398.00. The transaction was disclosed in a filing with the SEC, which is accessible through this link. Also, Director C Robert Kidder sold 5,000 shares of Merck & Co. stock in a transaction dated Friday, May 12th. The shares were sold at an average price of $63.54, for a total value of $317,700.00. Following the completion of the sale, the director now directly owns 14,317 shares in the company, valued at approximately $909,702.18. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Company insiders own 0.05% of the company’s stock. Merck & Co. Company Profile Merck & Co, Inc is a global healthcare company. The Company offers health solutions through its prescription medicines, vaccines, biologic therapies and animal health products. It operates through four segments: Pharmaceutical, Animal Health, Healthcare Services and Alliances. The Company’s Pharmaceutical segment includes human health pharmaceutical and vaccine products marketed either directly by the Company or through joint ventures. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding MRK? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Merck & Co., Inc. (NYSE:MRK). Receive News & Ratings for Merck & Co. Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Merck & Co. Inc. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Aide to President Trump Resigns With More Expected Scud-Class Missile Launched by North Korea Travel Ban Dealt Another Blow by Appeals Court President Trump Welcomed by Pope Francis at Vatican President Trump Visits Israel for First Time as U.S. President © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Xconomy Xperience EXOME National Regions Channels Events Xconomy Awards • Enter Now → EXOME all the information, none of the junk | biotech • healthcare • life sciences Want EXOME sent to you daily? Meet the Contributors → Precision Steps: Can Loxo Drug Help Broaden Use of Cancer DNA Tests? Ben Fidler June 3rd, 2017 @benthefidler @xconomy Like Us Xconomy National —  When the FDA last week approved Merck’s cancer drug pembrolizuamb (Keytruda) for tumors with a specific genetic signature, regardless of what body part they originated in, it was a watershed moment for oncology and a victory for the concept of precision medicine. But Merck isn’t alone; others are following suit with similar plans, and their progress is worth watching. One of the closest to the finish line is a four-year-old company named Loxo Oncology. Cancer experts believe that the data the company is presenting this morning at the American Society of Clinical Oncology not only demonstrate the potential of one promising new drug, but also represent another step forward for targeted cancer drugs as a class, which could in turn spur broader adoption of cancer genetic tests. “We’re at a time where we’re realizing the potential of personalized medicine,” says Sumanta Pal, a medical oncologist at City of Hope in Duarte, CA, who isn’t associated with Merck or Loxo. “I truly feel that the data that’s emerged [from Merck and Loxo] are really going to drive increased utilization of genomic testing, and in many cases, I think that’s entirely appropriate.” Loxo (NASDAQ: LOXO), of Stamford, CT, and South San Francisco, CA, reports this morning that 78 percent of the 55 total patients in three separate clinical trials of its drug, larotrectinib, have responded to treatment, meaning their tumors at least partially shrunk. What makes those numbers particularly significant is Loxo enrolled patients with 17 different types of cancer—among them kidney, bladder, stomach, and lung—and found consistent results, according to CEO Josh Bilenker. These studies, called “basket” trials, took on patients with different cancers that share one important commonality: a genetic alteration known as a TRK fusion that Loxo’s drug is designed to target. The abnormality is present in 0.5 percent to 1 percent of solid tumors, he says. “Simply put, larotrectinib is highly effective in patients with TRK fusions regardless of cancer type, and that’s a statement that really until recently we haven’t been able to make about any cancer therapy,” says David Hyman, a medical oncologist at Memorial Sloan Kettering Cancer Center and the principal investigator in the trials. The most common side effects seen were dizziness, nausea, and fatigue. Though seven patients had their dose lowered because of side effects, none stopped treatment, which Hyman called “incredibly unusual” for a cancer drug trial. The idea of targeted cancer therapies isn’t new. Drugs like imatinib (Gleevec), trastuzumab (Herceptin), vemurafenib (Zelboraf), and crizotinib (Xalkori) were approved many years ago for patients who have a particular type of cancer—lung cancer for crizotinib, for instance—and test positive for a specific molecular marker, like a genetic mutation or overexpression of a particular protein. These drugs have made it common practice for, say, melanoma patients to get tested for a BRAF mutation (the target of vemurafenib), or breast cancer patients to be tested for expression of the HER2 protein (trastuzumab), and were thus important steps forward for targeted cancer medicines. Now better, cheaper sequencing technologies, more insight into tumor genetics, and creative clinical trial designs are leading to more efforts to try to see if these and other molecular signatures can impact many cancers, not just a few. In 2015, for example, researchers conducted a basket study of the melanoma drug vemurafenib in a variety of cancers. Earlier this year, Hyman was an investigator in a basket trial testing the experimental Puma Biotechnology (NASDAQ: PUMA) drug neratinib, which is currently under an FDA review for HER2-positive breast cancer patients. Both studies produced mixed results, but there are others ongoing, like the 30-arm NCI-Match trial that began in 2015 that includes patients with lymphomas, solid tumors, and myelomas. And like Loxo, San Diego, CA-based Ignyta (NASDAQ: RXDX) is aiming for a tissue-agnostic approval of a drug, entrectinib, though its drug targets both TRK fusions and other mutations. “If the biology supports a tumor-agnostic approach,” says Hyman, “then I think you’re going to be seeing more and more companies and investigators that are willing to take that risk and actually engage in this newer paradigm of drug development.” Based on the data it already has in hand, Loxo aims to … Next Page » Single PageCurrently on Page: 1 2 Ben Fidler is Xconomy's Deputy Biotechnology Editor. You can e-mail him at bfidler@xconomy.com Follow @benthefidler Share on Facebook Share on Twitter LinkedIn Email Reprints More from EXOME In Maine, Making Cancer DNA Tests Free—And Asking Tough Questions Immunotherapy Clinical Tests Spur Hope, and Plenty of Headaches FDA: Keytruda Now OK For Some Patients With Untreated Lung Cancer Trending on Xconomy On ASCO’s Eve, Experts Fret Over Backlash to Cancer Combo Frenzy As Big Cancer Trials Ramp Up, Grail Goes Global, Merges With Cirina Cord Cutting: How to Get High-Speed Internet Service Without Cable X Xconomy IMPACT So many companies want to "change the world," but how do you build something that makes a real difference? Find out what Boston companies are making an impact on society on June 22! June 22, 2017 Register Now! Underwriters and Partners From Our Advertisers National search for the best medical device start-up Applications NOW open for TMCx Medical Device Accelerator. TMC Innovation The Feed Tweets from https://twitter.com/Xconomy/lists/lifesci Home Privacy/DMCA Security Disclosures About Contact Us Archives Advertise Subscribe for Free Business, life sciences, and technology news — covering Boston, Seattle, San Diego, Detroit/Ann Arbor, San Francisco, New York, Raleigh-Durham, Boulder/Denver, Texas, Wisconsin, Indiana, and beyond. © 2007-2017, Xconomy, Inc. Xconomy is a registered service mark of Xconomy, Inc. All rights reserved. Website development support from Andrew Koyfman with design support from Rob Hunter.
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 3 June 2017 by Maciej Heyman Combination of Epacadostat plus Keytruda® (pembrolizumab) Demonstrates Activity in Clinical Trial of Patients with Advanced Non-Small Cell Lung Cancer (NSCLC) WILMINGTON, Del.–(BUSINESS WIRE)–Incyte Corporation (NASDAQ:INCY) today announced updated data from the advanced non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC) patient cohort of the ongoing Phase 1/2 ECHO-202 trial, evaluating epacadostat, Incyte’s selective IDO1 enzyme inhibitor, in combination with pembrolizumab (Keytruda®), an anti-PD-1 therapy marketed by Merck & Co., Inc., Kenilworth, NJ USA (known as MSD outside the United States and Canada). Data showed an overall response rate (ORR) of 35 percent (n=14/40) among all patients with advanced squamous and non-squamous NSCLC treated with the combination of epacadostat and pembrolizumab, irrespective of PD-L1 status. Findings will be highlighted in a poster discussion at the 2017 American Society of Clinical Oncology (ASCO) Annual Meeting in Chicago on Saturday, June 3, from 3:00 pm to 4:15 p.m. CDT (Location: Hall D2) (Abstracts #9014). “These updated data suggest that the combination of epacadostat and pembrolizumab has promise for patients with advanced NSCLC, irrespective of PD-L1 status,” said ECHO-202 study investigator Tara Gangadhar, M.D., Assistant Professor of Medicine, Perelman School of Medicine at the Hospital of the University of Pennsylvania. “The results show a clinical benefit for patients with advanced lung cancer and establish a strong basis for progressing this novel, investigational immunotherapy combination into pivotal studies for the first-line treatment of these patients.” Key Findings from the ECHO-202 NSCLC Cohort Data at ASCO (as of February 27, 2017) show an ORR of 35 percent (n=14/40) among all patients with advanced NSCLC treated with the combination of epacadostat and pembrolizumab, with a complete response (CR) in two patients (5%) and partial response (PR) in 12 patients (30%). The data show a disease control rate (DCR) of 63 percent (n=25/40), with 71 percent (n=10/14) of responses ongoing at the time of the data cut-off (duration of response, range: 8.9 to 76.6+ weeks). Responses were observed in patients with high levels of PD-L1 expression [tumor proportion score (TPS) ≥50%], as well as in those patients with lower levels of PD-L1 expression (TPS of less than 50%). All responses were observed in the subgroup of patients with zero to two prior lines of therapy for advanced disease. ECHO-202 Overall Response Rates (ORR), Disease Control Rates (DCR) and Durability of Response (DoR) in Advanced NSCLC n/N (%)   All pts   0-2 prior lines of therapy for advanced disease   Total   Total   TPS ≥50%*   TPS <50%* ORR n=14/40 (35)   n=14/36 (39)   n=3/7 (43)   n=6/18 (33)   2 CR (5) 12 PR (30)   2 CR (6) 12 PR (33)   all PR   1 CR (6) 5 PR (28) DCR   n=25/40 (63)   n=23/36 (64)   n=4/7 (57)   n=10/18 (56) DoR   10/14 responses ongoing Median (range) duration of response: 26.9+ (8.9 to 76.6+) weeks *Note: PD-L1 status was not available for 11 of the 36 patients. Among patients treated with pembrolizumab in combination with epacadostat ≥100 mg twice daily, the ORR was 40 percent (n=14/35). The most common treatment-related adverse events (TRAEs) for epacadostat plus pembrolizumab included fatigue (28%), arthralgia (17%), nausea (14%), decreased appetite (10%), pruritus (10%), and rash (10%). Grade ≥3 TRAEs that occurred in >1 patient were limited to lipase increased (n=3), fatigue (n=2), and rash (n=2). TRAEs led to discontinuation of treatment in 5 percent of study patients. The safety profile was consistent with previously reported Phase 1 findings, as well as the Phase 1/2 safety results in other tumor cohorts and pooled safety data from this study. In general, the safety profile of the combination was also consistent with pembrolizumab monotherapy. About ECHO-202 (KEYNOTE-037) The ECHO-202 study (NCT02178722) is evaluating the safety and efficacy of epacadostat, Incyte’s selective IDO1 inhibitor, in combination with pembrolizumab (Keytruda). Patients previously treated with anti-PD-1 or anti-CTLA-4 therapies were excluded from this trial. Enrollment is complete for the Phase 1 dose escalation (epacadostat 25, 50, 100 mg BID + pembrolizumab 2 mg/kg IV Q3W and epacadostat 300 mg BID + pembrolizumab 200 mg IV Q3W) and Phase 1 dose expansion (epacadostat 50, 100, and 300 mg BID + pembrolizumab 200 mg IV Q3W) portions of the trial. For more information about ECHO-202, visit https://clinicaltrials.gov/ct2/show/NCT02178722. About ECHO The ECHO clinical trial program was established to investigate the efficacy and safety of epacadostat as a core component of combination therapy in oncology. Ongoing Phase 1 and Phase 2 studies evaluating epacadostat in combination with PD-1 and PD-L1 inhibitors collectively plan to enroll over 900 patients in a broad range of solid tumor types as well as hematological malignancies. ECHO-301 (NCT02752074), a Phase 3 randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled study investigating pembrolizumab (Keytruda) in combination with epacadostat or placebo for the treatment of patients with unresectable or metastatic melanoma, is also underway. For more information about the ECHO clinical trial program, visit www.ECHOClinicalTrials.com. About Epacadostat (INCB024360) Indoleamine 2,3-dioxygenase 1 (IDO1) is a key immunosuppressive enzyme that modulates the anti-tumor immune response by promoting regulatory T cell generation and blocking effector T cell activation, thereby facilitating tumor growth by allowing cancer cells to avoid immune surveillance. Epacadostat is an investigational, highly potent and selective oral inhibitor of the IDO1 enzyme that regulates the tumor immune microenvironment, thereby restoring effective anti-tumor immune responses. In single-arm studies, the combination of epacadostat and immune checkpoint inhibitors has shown proof-of-concept in patients with unresectable or metastatic melanoma. In these studies, epacadostat combined with the CTLA-4 inhibitor ipilimumab or the PD-1 inhibitor KEYTRUDA improved response rates compared with studies of the immune checkpoint inhibitors alone. About Incyte Incyte Corporation is a Wilmington, Delaware-based biopharmaceutical company focused on the discovery, development and commercialization of proprietary therapeutics. For additional information on Incyte, please visit the Company’s website at www.incyte.com. Follow @Incyte on Twitter at https://twitter.com/Incyte. Forward-Looking Statement of Incyte Corporation Except for the historical information set forth herein, the matters set forth in this press release, including statements regarding the presentation of updated ECHO-202 data at ASCO, whether epacadostat and pembrolizumab may be an effective and safe treatment for NSCLC patients, and the planned pivotal trials of epacadostat in combination with pembrolizumab, contain predictions, estimates and other forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements are based on the Company’s current expectations and subject to risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results to differ materially, including unanticipated developments and the risks related to the efficacy or safety of the Company’s development pipeline, the results of further research and development, the high degree of risk and uncertainty associated with drug development, clinical trials and regulatory approval processes, other market or economic factors and competitive and technological advances; and other risks detailed from time to time in the Company’s reports filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission, including its Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2017. Incyte disclaims any intent or obligation to update these forward-looking statements. KEYTRUDA® is a registered trademark of Merck Sharp & Dohme Corp., a subsidiary of Merck & Co., Inc., Kenilworth, NJ USA CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Opdivo (nivolumab) in Combination with Yervoy (ipilimumab) Demonstrated Promising Activity in Previously Treated Patients with dMMR or MSI-H Metastatic Colorectal Cancer in Phase 2 CheckMate -142 Study Next PostNext ArQule Presents Phase 1/2 Clinical Data with ARQ 087 in Intrahepatic Cholangiocarcinoma at the 2017 American Society of Clinical Oncology (ASCO) Annual Meeting Search Recent Posts Wonder Woman In 3D Crushed The Box Office With Approximately 43% Of Estimated $223 Million Worldwide In 3D Ticket Sales CAIR-Columbus to Seek Hate Crime Probe, Arrest of Suspect Following Beating of Ohio Muslim Woman Halozyme Phase 2 Data In Advanced Pancreas Cancer Featured In An Oral Presentation At ASCO Foreign Language Courses to Begin: Chinese, German, Japanese, Tagalog Saori Erickson Senior Recital Business Directory Business Contacts Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 2 June 2017 by Maciej Heyman Global Nasal Drug Delivery Technology Market Segmant : Sprays,Drops & Liquids, Powders, Gels Albany, NY — (SBWIRE) — 06/02/2017 — This report studies the global Nasal Drug Delivery Technology market analyzes and researches the Nasal Drug Delivery Technology development status and forecast in United States, EU, Japan, China, India and Southeast Asia. This report focuses on the top players in global market, like Merck & Co., Inc. Novartis AG Glaxosmithkline PLC Johnson & Johnson Services, Inc. Pfizer Inc. Astrazeneca PLC Aptargroup, Inc. Aegis Therapeutics LLC 3M Becton, Dickinson and Company Get Sample Copy Of this Report @ http://www.marketresearchreports.biz/sample/sample/911502 Market segment by Regions/Countries, this report covers United States EU Japan China India Southeast Asia Market segment by Type, Nasal Drug Delivery Technology can be split into Sprays Drops & Liquids Powders Gels View Report @ http://www.marketresearchreports.biz/analysis/911502 Market segment by Application, Nasal Drug Delivery Technology can be split into Allergic And Non-allergic Rhinitis Nose Congestion Vaccination Other Therapeutic Applications Table of Contents Global Nasal Drug Delivery Technology Market Size, Status and Forecast 2022 1 Industry Overview of Nasal Drug Delivery Technology 1.1 Nasal Drug Delivery Technology Market Overview 1.1.1 Nasal Drug Delivery Technology Product Scope 1.1.2 Market Status and Outlook 1.2 Global Nasal Drug Delivery Technology Market Size and Analysis by Regions 1.2.1 United States 1.2.2 EU 1.2.3 Japan 1.2.4 China 1.2.5 India 1.2.6 Southeast Asia 1.3 Nasal Drug Delivery Technology Market by Type 1.3.1 Sprays 1.3.2 Drops & Liquids 1.3.3 Powders 1.3.4 Gels 1.4 Nasal Drug Delivery Technology Market by End Users/Application 1.4.1 Allergic And Non-allergic Rhinitis 1.4.2 Nose Congestion 1.4.3 Vaccination 1.4.4 Other Therapeutic Applications 2 Global Nasal Drug Delivery Technology Competition Analysis by Players 2.1 Nasal Drug Delivery Technology Market Size (Value) by Players (2015-2016) 2.2 Competitive Status and Trend 2.2.1 Market Concentration Rate 2.2.2 Product/Service Differences 2.2.3 New Entrants 2.2.4 The Technology Trends in Future 3 Company (Top Players) Profiles 3.1 Merck & Co., Inc. 3.1.1 Company Profile 3.1.2 Main Business/Business Overview 3.1.3 Products, Services and Solutions 3.1.4 Nasal Drug Delivery Technology Revenue (Value) (2011-2016) 3.1.5 Recent Developments 3.2 Novartis AG 3.2.1 Company Profile 3.2.2 Main Business/Business Overview 3.2.3 Products, Services and Solutions 3.2.4 Nasal Drug Delivery Technology Revenue (Value) (2011-2016) 3.2.5 Recent Developments 3.3 Glaxosmithkline PLC 3.3.1 Company Profile 3.3.2 Main Business/Business Overview 3.3.3 Products, Services and Solutions 3.3.4 Nasal Drug Delivery Technology Revenue (Value) (2011-2016) 3.3.5 Recent Developments 3.4 Johnson & Johnson Services, Inc. 3.4.1 Company Profile 3.4.2 Main Business/Business Overview 3.4.3 Products, Services and Solutions 3.4.4 Nasal Drug Delivery Technology Revenue (Value) (2011-2016) 3.4.5 Recent Developments 3.5 Pfizer Inc. 3.5.1 Company Profile 3.5.2 Main Business/Business Overview 3.5.3 Products, Services and Solutions 3.5.4 Nasal Drug Delivery Technology Revenue (Value) (2011-2016) 3.5.5 Recent Developments 3.6 Astrazeneca PLC 3.6.1 Company Profile 3.6.2 Main Business/Business Overview 3.6.3 Products, Services and Solutions 3.6.4 Nasal Drug Delivery Technology Revenue (Value) (2011-2016) 3.6.5 Recent Developments 3.7 Aptargroup, Inc. 3.7.1 Company Profile 3.7.2 Main Business/Business Overview 3.7.3 Products, Services and Solutions 3.7.4 Nasal Drug Delivery Technology Revenue (Value) (2011-2016) 3.7.5 Recent Developments 3.8 Aegis Therapeutics LLC 3.8.1 Company Profile 3.8.2 Main Business/Business Overview 3.8.3 Products, Services and Solutions 3.8.4 Nasal Drug Delivery Technology Revenue (Value) (2011-2016) 3.8.5 Recent Developments 3.9 3M 3.9.1 Company Profile 3.9.2 Main Business/Business Overview 3.9.3 Products, Services and Solutions 3.9.4 Nasal Drug Delivery Technology Revenue (Value) (2011-2016) 3.9.5 Recent Developments 3.10 Becton, Dickinson and Company 3.10.1 Company Profile 3.10.2 Main Business/Business Overview 3.10.3 Products, Services and Solutions 3.10.4 Nasal Drug Delivery Technology Revenue (Value) (2011-2016) 3.10.5 Recent Developments About MarketResearchReports.biz MarketResearchReports.biz is the most comprehensive collection of market research reports. MarketResearchReports.Biz services are specially designed to save time and money for our clients. We are a one stop solution for all your research needs, our main offerings are syndicated research reports, custom research, subscription access and consulting services. We serve all sizes and types of companies spanning across various industries. Contact Mr. Nachiket State Tower 90 Sate Street, Suite 700 Albany, NY 12207 Tel: +1-518-621-2074 Website: http://www.marketresearchreports.biz/ E: sales@marketresearchreports.biz CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Kroll Bond Rating Agency Publishes Financial Institutions Research: “The Case for Community Banks” Next PostNext Growing Demand for Advanced Global Clinical Nutrition Market Trends and Forecast Report 2016 Posted on 2 June 2017 by Maciej Heyman Global Nasal Drug Delivery Technology Market Segmant : Sprays,Drops & Liquids, Powders, Gels Albany, NY — (SBWIRE) — 06/02/2017 — This report studies the global Nasal Drug Delivery Technology market analyzes and researches the Nasal Drug Delivery Technology development status and forecast in United States, EU, Japan, China, India and Southeast Asia. This report focuses on the top players in global market, like Merck & Co., Inc. Novartis AG Glaxosmithkline PLC Johnson & Johnson Services, Inc. Pfizer Inc. Astrazeneca PLC Aptargroup, Inc. Aegis Therapeutics LLC 3M Becton, Dickinson and Company Get Sample Copy Of this Report @ http://www.marketresearchreports.biz/sample/sample/911502 Market segment by Regions/Countries, this report covers United States EU Japan China India Southeast Asia Market segment by Type, Nasal Drug Delivery Technology can be split into Sprays Drops & Liquids Powders Gels View Report @ http://www.marketresearchreports.biz/analysis/911502 Market segment by Application, Nasal Drug Delivery Technology can be split into Allergic And Non-allergic Rhinitis Nose Congestion Vaccination Other Therapeutic Applications Table of Contents Global Nasal Drug Delivery Technology Market Size, Status and Forecast 2022 1 Industry Overview of Nasal Drug Delivery Technology 1.1 Nasal Drug Delivery Technology Market Overview 1.1.1 Nasal Drug Delivery Technology Product Scope 1.1.2 Market Status and Outlook 1.2 Global Nasal Drug Delivery Technology Market Size and Analysis by Regions 1.2.1 United States 1.2.2 EU 1.2.3 Japan 1.2.4 China 1.2.5 India 1.2.6 Southeast Asia 1.3 Nasal Drug Delivery Technology Market by Type 1.3.1 Sprays 1.3.2 Drops & Liquids 1.3.3 Powders 1.3.4 Gels 1.4 Nasal Drug Delivery Technology Market by End Users/Application 1.4.1 Allergic And Non-allergic Rhinitis 1.4.2 Nose Congestion 1.4.3 Vaccination 1.4.4 Other Therapeutic Applications 2 Global Nasal Drug Delivery Technology Competition Analysis by Players 2.1 Nasal Drug Delivery Technology Market Size (Value) by Players (2015-2016) 2.2 Competitive Status and Trend 2.2.1 Market Concentration Rate 2.2.2 Product/Service Differences 2.2.3 New Entrants 2.2.4 The Technology Trends in Future 3 Company (Top Players) Profiles 3.1 Merck & Co., Inc. 3.1.1 Company Profile 3.1.2 Main Business/Business Overview 3.1.3 Products, Services and Solutions 3.1.4 Nasal Drug Delivery Technology Revenue (Value) (2011-2016) 3.1.5 Recent Developments 3.2 Novartis AG 3.2.1 Company Profile 3.2.2 Main Business/Business Overview 3.2.3 Products, Services and Solutions 3.2.4 Nasal Drug Delivery Technology Revenue (Value) (2011-2016) 3.2.5 Recent Developments 3.3 Glaxosmithkline PLC 3.3.1 Company Profile 3.3.2 Main Business/Business Overview 3.3.3 Products, Services and Solutions 3.3.4 Nasal Drug Delivery Technology Revenue (Value) (2011-2016) 3.3.5 Recent Developments 3.4 Johnson & Johnson Services, Inc. 3.4.1 Company Profile 3.4.2 Main Business/Business Overview 3.4.3 Products, Services and Solutions 3.4.4 Nasal Drug Delivery Technology Revenue (Value) (2011-2016) 3.4.5 Recent Developments 3.5 Pfizer Inc. 3.5.1 Company Profile 3.5.2 Main Business/Business Overview 3.5.3 Products, Services and Solutions 3.5.4 Nasal Drug Delivery Technology Revenue (Value) (2011-2016) 3.5.5 Recent Developments 3.6 Astrazeneca PLC 3.6.1 Company Profile 3.6.2 Main Business/Business Overview 3.6.3 Products, Services and Solutions 3.6.4 Nasal Drug Delivery Technology Revenue (Value) (2011-2016) 3.6.5 Recent Developments 3.7 Aptargroup, Inc. 3.7.1 Company Profile 3.7.2 Main Business/Business Overview 3.7.3 Products, Services and Solutions 3.7.4 Nasal Drug Delivery Technology Revenue (Value) (2011-2016) 3.7.5 Recent Developments 3.8 Aegis Therapeutics LLC 3.8.1 Company Profile 3.8.2 Main Business/Business Overview 3.8.3 Products, Services and Solutions 3.8.4 Nasal Drug Delivery Technology Revenue (Value) (2011-2016) 3.8.5 Recent Developments 3.9 3M 3.9.1 Company Profile 3.9.2 Main Business/Business Overview 3.9.3 Products, Services and Solutions 3.9.4 Nasal Drug Delivery Technology Revenue (Value) (2011-2016) 3.9.5 Recent Developments 3.10 Becton, Dickinson and Company 3.10.1 Company Profile 3.10.2 Main Business/Business Overview 3.10.3 Products, Services and Solutions 3.10.4 Nasal Drug Delivery Technology Revenue (Value) (2011-2016) 3.10.5 Recent Developments About MarketResearchReports.biz MarketResearchReports.biz is the most comprehensive collection of market research reports. MarketResearchReports.Biz services are specially designed to save time and money for our clients. We are a one stop solution for all your research needs, our main offerings are syndicated research reports, custom research, subscription access and consulting services. We serve all sizes and types of companies spanning across various industries. Contact Mr. Nachiket State Tower 90 Sate Street, Suite 700 Albany, NY 12207 Tel: +1-518-621-2074 Website: http://www.marketresearchreports.biz/ E: sales@marketresearchreports.biz CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Kroll Bond Rating Agency Publishes Financial Institutions Research: “The Case for Community Banks” Next PostNext Growing Demand for Advanced Global Clinical Nutrition Market Trends and Forecast Report 2016 Search Recent Posts Ion Exchange Resins Market expected to grow at a CAGR of 5.4% from 2016 – 2026 Asia-Pacific STV Stevia Market Research Report 2017 to 2022 Global Methionine Market Analysis- Size, Share, overview, scope, Revenue, Gross Margin, Segment and Forecast 2017 IBM Research Alliance Builds New Transistor for 5nm Technology Mobile Phone Accessories Market will reach at a CAGR of 6.9% from 2015 to 2025 Business Directory Business Contacts Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Proudly powered by WordPress
Latest News Dow 21,206 +62.11 +0.29% Nasdaq 6,306 +58.97 +0.94% S&P 500 2,439 +9.01 +0.37% 12:38 A.M. ET Updated Saudi Arabia, Bahrain, UAE sever diplomatic relations with Qatar 6/04 Updated Asian markets hold steady, shaking off U.K. tensions 6/04 Updated Herbalife to lower its quarterly sales outlook: report 6/04 Vladimir Putin was being a troll and Megyn Kelly wasn’t having it 6/04 Top Democrat says there’s smoke, but ‘no smoking gun’ yet in Russia probe 6/04 Updated This is why baby boomers are divorcing at a stunning rate 6/04 Putin denies U.S. election meddling, says he barely met Mike Flynn 6/04 Updated 4 lifestyle changes to reduce your cancer risk 6/04 Updated 9 secrets to staying young 6/04 Updated How to get all Americans to save for retirement 6/04 Updated When does the five-year rule apply to Roth IRAs? 6/04 Updated Facebook aims to be ‘hostile environment for terrorists’ 6/04 Updated You’ve probably never heard of the fastest-growing job in America (clue: it helps the environment) 6/04 Updated U.S. households now have as much debt as they had in 2008 6/04 Updated Baby boomers ruined America, according to this Generation X author 6/04 Updated Teenage boys and girls are choosing very different careers 6/04 Updated More evidence student debt is making young people think twice about marriage 6/04 Updated 11 ways to build a Paris climate change accord — in your own community 6/04 Updated Is my golfing buddy the cheapest guy in America? He asked me to Venmo him $1.50 6/04 Updated Want to help the environment? Use solar power — without putting panels on your roof Log In Home News Viewer Video SectorWatch Podcasts First Take Games Portfolio My MarketWatch News Viewer Markets U.S. Europe/Middle East Emerging Markets Asia Canada SectorWatch Columns Market Snapshot Movers & Shakers The Tell Currencies Futures Movers Pre-Market News Tools Earnings Wall Markets Overview IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar Currency Tools Futures Contracts Market Screener Hulbert Interactive Investing Stocks Mutual Funds ETFs Options Bonds Commodities Currencies Futures Financial Adviser Center Hedge Funds/Insider Trades Getting Started MarketWatch Adviser Columns Options Trader Revolution Investing Tools Stock Screener Funds Finder ETF Screener Options Screener IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar More... Personal Finance 10 Things Big Spender Real Estate Spending & Saving Taxes Columns The Moneyologist Brett Arends Bill Bischoff Amy Hoak Chuck Jaffe Jennifer Openshaw Jennifer Waters Tools Funds Finder Today's Rates Retirement Retire Here, Not There Encore Taxes How-to Guides Social Security Estate Planning Events Columns Robert Powell's Retirement Portfolio Andrea Coombes's Working Retirement Tools Retirement Planner How long will my money last? Economy Federal Reserve Capitol Report Economic Report Columns Darrell Delamaide Irwin Kellner Rex Nutting Tools Economic Calendar Real Estate realtor.com My MarketWatch Watchlist Alerts Games Log In Home Industries Pharmaceuticals Merck reports positive results for late-stage trial comparing its Keytruda against Bristol-Myers' Yervoy By Emma Court Published: June 2, 2017 7:49 a.m. ET Share By EmmaCourt Reporter Merck & Co. Inc. MRK, +0.32% said premarket Friday that a late-stage clinical trial comparing its cancer drug Keytruda to Bristol-Myers Squibb's [: BMY] cancer drug Yervoy found patients on Keytruda had better results. The trial, which enrolled 834 patients with unresectable or metastatic melanoma who were either new to treatment or had received one prior treatment, found that treatment with Keytruda was associated with a 30% improvement in survival. About half of patients on Keytruda remained alive nearly three years after starting the therapy, the company said, compared with 39% of patients on Yervoy. The company also reported that Keytruda nearly doubled the progression-free survival rate at nearly three years, with 31% of patients on Keytruda surviving without disease progression, compared to 14% of patients on Yervoy. The results are scheduled to be presented at the American Society of Clinical Oncology meeting on Sunday. Merck shares were not active in premarket trade. Shares have declined 1.2% over the last three months, compared with a 4.1% decline in Bristol-Myers shares and a 2% rise in the S&P 500 SPX, +0.37% Quote References MRK +0.21 +0.32% SPX +9.01 +0.37% Most Popular Stock market bracing for potentially the most explosive stretch of trading this year Harley-Davidson is recalling 57,000 motorcycles Paint your bathroom this color and boost your home’s selling price by $5,400 Costco versus Amazon Prime — which membership offers more value? Trump Quits Climate Deal — Citing ‘America First’ MarketWatch Partner Center Sponsored Headlines MarketWatch Site Index Topics Help Feedback Newsroom Roster Media Archive Premium Products Mobile Company Company Info Code of Conduct Corrections Advertising Media Kit Advertise Locally Reprints & Licensing Broker Center Your Ad Choices Dow Jones Network WSJ.com Barron's Online BigCharts Virtual Stock Exchange Financial News London WSJ.com Small Business realtor.com Mansion Global Back to Top Copyright ©2017 MarketWatch, Inc. All rights reserved. By using this site you agree to the Terms of Service, Privacy Policy, and Cookie Policy. Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real-time last sale data for U.S. stock quotes reflect trades reported through Nasdaq only. Intraday data delayed at least 15 minutes or per exchange requirements. Advanced Search Stocks Columns Authors Topics No results found Merck & Co. Inc. U.S.: NYSE: MRK $65.47 +0.21 (+0.32%) Volume 6.1M Open $65.46 High $65.58 Low $65.18 P/E Ratio 42.08 Div Yield 2.87 Market Cap 179.1B S&P 500 Index S&P Base CME: SPX 2,439.07 +9.01 (+0.37%) Volume 2.0B Open 2,431 High 2,440 Low 2,428 P/E Ratio 0 Div Yield 0 Market Cap N/A
Latest News Dow 21,206 +62.11 +0.29% Nasdaq 6,306 +58.97 +0.94% S&P 500 2,439 +9.01 +0.37% 12:38 A.M. ET Updated Saudi Arabia, Bahrain, UAE sever diplomatic relations with Qatar 6/04 Updated Asian markets hold steady, shaking off U.K. tensions 6/04 Updated Herbalife to lower its quarterly sales outlook: report 6/04 Vladimir Putin was being a troll and Megyn Kelly wasn’t having it 6/04 Top Democrat says there’s smoke, but ‘no smoking gun’ yet in Russia probe 6/04 Updated This is why baby boomers are divorcing at a stunning rate 6/04 Putin denies U.S. election meddling, says he barely met Mike Flynn 6/04 Updated 4 lifestyle changes to reduce your cancer risk 6/04 Updated 9 secrets to staying young 6/04 Updated How to get all Americans to save for retirement 6/04 Updated When does the five-year rule apply to Roth IRAs? 6/04 Updated Facebook aims to be ‘hostile environment for terrorists’ 6/04 Updated You’ve probably never heard of the fastest-growing job in America (clue: it helps the environment) 6/04 Updated U.S. households now have as much debt as they had in 2008 6/04 Updated Baby boomers ruined America, according to this Generation X author 6/04 Updated Teenage boys and girls are choosing very different careers 6/04 Updated More evidence student debt is making young people think twice about marriage 6/04 Updated 11 ways to build a Paris climate change accord — in your own community 6/04 Updated Is my golfing buddy the cheapest guy in America? He asked me to Venmo him $1.50 6/04 Updated Want to help the environment? Use solar power — without putting panels on your roof Log In Home News Viewer Video SectorWatch Podcasts First Take Games Portfolio My MarketWatch News Viewer Markets U.S. Europe/Middle East Emerging Markets Asia Canada SectorWatch Columns Market Snapshot Movers & Shakers The Tell Currencies Futures Movers Pre-Market News Tools Earnings Wall Markets Overview IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar Currency Tools Futures Contracts Market Screener Hulbert Interactive Investing Stocks Mutual Funds ETFs Options Bonds Commodities Currencies Futures Financial Adviser Center Hedge Funds/Insider Trades Getting Started MarketWatch Adviser Columns Options Trader Revolution Investing Tools Stock Screener Funds Finder ETF Screener Options Screener IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar More... Personal Finance 10 Things Big Spender Real Estate Spending & Saving Taxes Columns The Moneyologist Brett Arends Bill Bischoff Amy Hoak Chuck Jaffe Jennifer Openshaw Jennifer Waters Tools Funds Finder Today's Rates Retirement Retire Here, Not There Encore Taxes How-to Guides Social Security Estate Planning Events Columns Robert Powell's Retirement Portfolio Andrea Coombes's Working Retirement Tools Retirement Planner How long will my money last? Economy Federal Reserve Capitol Report Economic Report Columns Darrell Delamaide Irwin Kellner Rex Nutting Tools Economic Calendar Real Estate realtor.com My MarketWatch Watchlist Alerts Games Log In Home Industries Pharmaceuticals Merck reports positive results for late-stage trial comparing its Keytruda against Bristol-Myers' Yervoy By Emma Court Published: June 2, 2017 7:49 a.m. ET Share By EmmaCourt Reporter Merck & Co. Inc. MRK, +0.32% said premarket Friday that a late-stage clinical trial comparing its cancer drug Keytruda to Bristol-Myers Squibb's [: BMY] cancer drug Yervoy found patients on Keytruda had better results. The trial, which enrolled 834 patients with unresectable or metastatic melanoma who were either new to treatment or had received one prior treatment, found that treatment with Keytruda was associated with a 30% improvement in survival. About half of patients on Keytruda remained alive nearly three years after starting the therapy, the company said, compared with 39% of patients on Yervoy. The company also reported that Keytruda nearly doubled the progression-free survival rate at nearly three years, with 31% of patients on Keytruda surviving without disease progression, compared to 14% of patients on Yervoy. The results are scheduled to be presented at the American Society of Clinical Oncology meeting on Sunday. Merck shares were not active in premarket trade. Shares have declined 1.2% over the last three months, compared with a 4.1% decline in Bristol-Myers shares and a 2% rise in the S&P 500 SPX, +0.37% Quote References MRK +0.21 +0.32% SPX +9.01 +0.37% Most Popular Stock market bracing for potentially the most explosive stretch of trading this year Harley-Davidson is recalling 57,000 motorcycles Paint your bathroom this color and boost your home’s selling price by $5,400 Costco versus Amazon Prime — which membership offers more value? Trump Quits Climate Deal — Citing ‘America First’ MarketWatch Partner Center Sponsored Headlines MarketWatch Site Index Topics Help Feedback Newsroom Roster Media Archive Premium Products Mobile Company Company Info Code of Conduct Corrections Advertising Media Kit Advertise Locally Reprints & Licensing Broker Center Your Ad Choices Dow Jones Network WSJ.com Barron's Online BigCharts Virtual Stock Exchange Financial News London WSJ.com Small Business realtor.com Mansion Global Back to Top Copyright ©2017 MarketWatch, Inc. All rights reserved. By using this site you agree to the Terms of Service, Privacy Policy, and Cookie Policy. Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real-time last sale data for U.S. stock quotes reflect trades reported through Nasdaq only. Intraday data delayed at least 15 minutes or per exchange requirements. Advanced Search Stocks Columns Authors Topics No results found Merck & Co. Inc. U.S.: NYSE: MRK $65.47 +0.21 (+0.32%) Volume 6.1M Open $65.46 High $65.58 Low $65.18 P/E Ratio 42.08 Div Yield 2.87 Market Cap 179.1B S&P 500 Index S&P Base CME: SPX 2,439.07 +9.01 (+0.37%) Volume 2.0B Open 2,431 High 2,440 Low 2,428 P/E Ratio 0 Div Yield 0 Market Cap N/A
Contact Us Journalists Blog Log In Sign Up Send a Release News Solutions Resources Search News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News español português Česko Danmark Deutschland España France Italia Nederlands Norge Polska Portugal Россия Slovensko Sverige Suomi Personal Genome Diagnostics Highlights its Patent-Pending Microsatellite Instability Testing Technology as FDA Approves Keytruda® for MSI Tumors --MSI Testing Already Incorporated in PGDx's Pan Cancer Profiling Panels Using Patent-Pending Technology Licensed from Johns Hopkins University-- -- PGDx's PlasmaSELECT™ Is the Only Liquid Biopsy Panel that Includes MSI Testing-- --Learn More about PGDx's Advanced Cancer Genomic Testing at 2017 ASCO Booth #2078-- News provided by Personal Genome Diagnostics Inc. 02 Jun, 2017, 07:00 ET Share this article BALTIMORE, June 2, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- Personal Genome Diagnostics Inc. (PGDx), a pioneer in cancer genomic testing, today highlighted its patent-pending microsatellite instability (MSI) testing technology following the U.S. Food and Drug Administration's (FDA) accelerated approval of Merck's immuno-oncology agent Keytruda® (pembrolizumab) for children and adults whose advanced solid tumors are marked by microsatellite instability (MSI). This is the first approval of a cancer drug based on the genetic make-up of the tumor rather than its location in the body. Patients will likely be tested for MSI status before receiving Keytruda under the expanded indication. Tumors that display MSI have lost the ability to repair errors in their DNA as a result of a condition known as mismatch repair deficiency (MMR). Researchers from The Johns Hopkins University, PGDx and other institutions have shown that tumors displaying MMR deficiency and MSI are more susceptible to successful treatment with Keytruda and other immuno-oncology drugs. MSI tumors have been identified in colorectal, endometrial, gastric and other types of cancer. "This landmark FDA approval codifies the need to determine whether cancer patients potentially eligible for immuno-oncology therapy have microsatellite instability present in their tumors," said Doug Ward, CEO of PGDx. "It is particularly fitting that the approval involves MSI, a genomic condition whose relevance to cancer therapy was first uncovered by researchers at Johns Hopkins, with assistance from researchers at PGDx.  We were thrilled to license rights to the patent-pending MSI measurement technology for immuno-oncology applications developed at Johns Hopkins, and are proud to be the first to offer it in both tissue and liquid biopsy formats. PGDx is also planning to submit a tissue-based MSI assay for FDA review later this year." PGDx's MSI testing is incorporated in the company's tissue-based CancerSELECT® 125 pan cancer genomic profiling assay and its non-invasive PlasmaSELECT™ 64 pan cancer assay that analyzes circulating tumor DNA in patient plasma. The company also recently received grant funding from the National Cancer Institute to advance liquid biopsy tests for determining a related biomarker known as tumor mutational burden.  PGDx was an early leader in identifying the importance of MSI, contributing to a study on MMR and immune checkpoint blockade presented at the 2015 ASCO Annual Meeting. In that study, researchers found that colorectal cancer patients who had tumors with MSI/MMR deficiency had a much greater therapeutic response to pembrolizumab. The analysis showed that cancer patients with MSI/MMR deficiency on average had more than 20 times the number of mutations in their tumors as similar patients who were not mismatch repair deficient. This finding is consistent with other studies showing that PD-1/PD-L1 checkpoint blockers are most effective against tumors containing many mutations. The study was published in the New England Journal of Medicine.  "We established PGDx to advance technology invented at Johns Hopkins based on our belief that greater understanding of tumor genomics would ultimately enable more effective and less toxic treatments for cancer," noted Victor E. Velculescu, MD, PhD, a co-founder of PGDx. Dr. Velculescu also is Professor of Oncology at the Johns Hopkins University School of Medicine. "This breakthrough approval from the FDA is an important milestone in the realization of that vision. I am proud that PGDx has played a significant role in this advance and that the company will help many more patients realize the benefits of immuno-oncology approaches for cancer treatment." PGDx representatives will be attending the 2017 ASCO Annual Meeting and are available at Booth #2078 to discuss the company's MSI testing and its complete range of cancer genome analysis tools for researchers and clinicians. Research services include exome and targeted approaches for tissue specimens, targeted approaches for plasma samples and a variety of custom tissue and plasma-based options designed to address the specific research needs of cancer researchers and drug developers. PGDx's service offerings for researchers and testing labs are complemented by the clinical services it provides to patients and physicians through its CLIA-certified laboratory, including its CancerSELECT 125 pan cancer genomic profiling assay and the non-invasive PlasmaSELECT™ 64 pan cancer profiling assay, both of which include MSI testing. About Personal Genome Diagnostics Personal Genome Diagnostics (PGDx) is empowering the fight against cancer by unlocking actionable information from the genome for oncology researchers, drug developers, clinicians and patients. The expert team at PGDx draws on a deep understanding of cancer biology, extensive experience in cancer genomics and clinical oncology, and the company's distinctive technologies that precisely identify and characterize unique genomic alterations in tumors. PGDx is working toward broad patient access to its genomic technologies and products, through a CLIA-certified facility providing comprehensive genomic services, as well as a portfolio of tissue-based and liquid biopsy genomic testing products for laboratories worldwide. Privately-held PGDx is headquartered in Baltimore, MD. For additional information, visit PersonalGenome.com. Contacts PGDx Corporate:  Melody Gretz   973-598-5515  mgretz@personalgenome.com    PGDx Media  Barbara Lindheim            212-584-2276  BLL Partners, LLC    blindheim@bllbiopartners.com                                                                             To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/personal-genome-diagnostics-highlights-its-patent-pending-microsatellite-instability-testing-technology-as-fda-approves-keytruda-for-msi-tumors-300467763.html SOURCE Personal Genome Diagnostics Inc. Related Links http://PersonalGenome.com 30 Mar, 2017, 07:00 ET Preview: Personal Genome Diagnostics Announces AACR Annual Meeting 2017 Presentations and Awards My News Release contains wide tables. View fullscreen. Also from this source 28 Mar, 2017, 07:00 ET Personal Genome Diagnostics Announces AACR Annual Meeting 2017... 28 Mar, 2017, 07:00 ET Personal Genome Diagnostics' Expanded PlasmaSELECT™ 64 Is First... Explore More news releases in similar topics Biotechnology Health Care & Hospitals Trade Show News Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval You just read: Personal Genome Diagnostics Highlights its Patent-Pending Microsatellite Instability Testing Technology as FDA Approves Keytruda® for MSI Tumors News provided by Personal Genome Diagnostics Inc. 02 Jun, 2017, 07:00 ET Share this article Looking to send a news release with PR Newswire? Take advantage of the world's leading distribution platform. Sign up to get started Request more information Have an account? Log In Phone 8AM - 10PM ET +1-888-776-0942 Send a Release Sign Up Blog For Journalists Contact Us Search Searching for your content... Advanced Search Contact PR Newswire 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Contact Us General Inquiries Request a Demo Editorial Bureaus Partnerships Media Inquiries Worldwide Offices Solutions Cision Communications Cloud™ For Marketers For Public Relations For IR & Compliance For Agency For Small Business All Products About About PR Newswire About Cision Become a Publishing Partner Become a Channel Partner Careers   Global Sites Asia Brazil Canada Czech Denmark Finland France India Israel Mexico Middle East Netherlands Norway Poland Portugal Russia Slovakia Spain Sweden United Kingdom My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Terms of Use Privacy Policy Information Security Policy Statement Site Map RSS Feeds Copyright © 2017 PR Newswire Association LLC. All Rights Reserved. A Cision company. News Solutions Resources News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News español português Česko Danmark Deutschland España France Italia Nederlands Norge Polska Portugal Россия Slovensko Sverige Suomi Phone 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Chat All contact info Send a Release Log In
Latest News Dow 21,206 +62.11 +0.29% Nasdaq 6,306 +58.97 +0.94% S&P 500 2,439 +9.01 +0.37% 12:38 A.M. ET Updated Saudi Arabia, Bahrain, UAE sever diplomatic relations with Qatar 6/04 Updated Asian markets hold steady, shaking off U.K. tensions 6/04 Updated Herbalife to lower its quarterly sales outlook: report 6/04 Vladimir Putin was being a troll and Megyn Kelly wasn’t having it 6/04 Top Democrat says there’s smoke, but ‘no smoking gun’ yet in Russia probe 6/04 Updated This is why baby boomers are divorcing at a stunning rate 6/04 Putin denies U.S. election meddling, says he barely met Mike Flynn 6/04 Updated 4 lifestyle changes to reduce your cancer risk 6/04 Updated 9 secrets to staying young 6/04 Updated How to get all Americans to save for retirement 6/04 Updated When does the five-year rule apply to Roth IRAs? 6/04 Updated Facebook aims to be ‘hostile environment for terrorists’ 6/04 Updated You’ve probably never heard of the fastest-growing job in America (clue: it helps the environment) 6/04 Updated U.S. households now have as much debt as they had in 2008 6/04 Updated Baby boomers ruined America, according to this Generation X author 6/04 Updated Teenage boys and girls are choosing very different careers 6/04 Updated More evidence student debt is making young people think twice about marriage 6/04 Updated 11 ways to build a Paris climate change accord — in your own community 6/04 Updated Is my golfing buddy the cheapest guy in America? He asked me to Venmo him $1.50 6/04 Updated Want to help the environment? Use solar power — without putting panels on your roof Log In Home News Viewer Video SectorWatch Podcasts First Take Games Portfolio My MarketWatch News Viewer Markets U.S. Europe/Middle East Emerging Markets Asia Canada SectorWatch Columns Market Snapshot Movers & Shakers The Tell Currencies Futures Movers Pre-Market News Tools Earnings Wall Markets Overview IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar Currency Tools Futures Contracts Market Screener Hulbert Interactive Investing Stocks Mutual Funds ETFs Options Bonds Commodities Currencies Futures Financial Adviser Center Hedge Funds/Insider Trades Getting Started MarketWatch Adviser Columns Options Trader Revolution Investing Tools Stock Screener Funds Finder ETF Screener Options Screener IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar More... Personal Finance 10 Things Big Spender Real Estate Spending & Saving Taxes Columns The Moneyologist Brett Arends Bill Bischoff Amy Hoak Chuck Jaffe Jennifer Openshaw Jennifer Waters Tools Funds Finder Today's Rates Retirement Retire Here, Not There Encore Taxes How-to Guides Social Security Estate Planning Events Columns Robert Powell's Retirement Portfolio Andrea Coombes's Working Retirement Tools Retirement Planner How long will my money last? Economy Federal Reserve Capitol Report Economic Report Columns Darrell Delamaide Irwin Kellner Rex Nutting Tools Economic Calendar Real Estate realtor.com My MarketWatch Watchlist Alerts Games Log In Home Press Release Personal Genome Diagnostics Highlights its Patent-Pending Microsatellite Instability Testing Technology as FDA Approves Keytruda® for MSI Tumors By Published: June 2, 2017 7:00 a.m. ET Share --MSI Testing Already Incorporated in PGDx's Pan Cancer Profiling Panels Using Patent-Pending Technology Licensed from Johns Hopkins University---- PGDx's PlasmaSELECT™ Is the Only Liquid Biopsy Panel that Includes MSI Testing----Learn More about PGDx's Advanced Cancer Genomic Testing at 2017 ASCO Booth #2078-- BALTIMORE, June 2, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- Personal Genome Diagnostics Inc. (PGDx), a pioneer in cancer genomic testing, today highlighted its patent-pending microsatellite instability (MSI) testing technology following the U.S. Food and Drug Administration's (FDA) accelerated approval of Merck's immuno-oncology agent Keytruda [® ] (pembrolizumab) for children and adults whose advanced solid tumors are marked by microsatellite instability (MSI). This is the first approval of a cancer drug based on the genetic make-up of the tumor rather than its location in the body. Patients will likely be tested for MSI status before receiving Keytruda under the expanded indication. Tumors that display MSI have lost the ability to repair errors in their DNA as a result of a condition known as mismatch repair deficiency (MMR). Researchers from The Johns Hopkins University, PGDx and other institutions have shown that tumors displaying MMR deficiency and MSI are more susceptible to successful treatment with Keytruda and other immuno-oncology drugs. MSI tumors have been identified in colorectal, endometrial, gastric and other types of cancer. "This landmark FDA approval codifies the need to determine whether cancer patients potentially eligible for immuno-oncology therapy have microsatellite instability present in their tumors," said Doug Ward, CEO of PGDx. "It is particularly fitting that the approval involves MSI, a genomic condition whose relevance to cancer therapy was first uncovered by researchers at Johns Hopkins, with assistance from researchers at PGDx.  We were thrilled to license rights to the patent-pending MSI measurement technology for immuno-oncology applications developed at Johns Hopkins, and are proud to be the first to offer it in both tissue and liquid biopsy formats. PGDx is also planning to submit a tissue-based MSI assay for FDA review later this year." PGDx's MSI testing is incorporated in the company's tissue-based CancerSELECT [®] 125 pan cancer genomic profiling assay and its non-invasive PlasmaSELECT™ 64 pan cancer assay that analyzes circulating tumor DNA in patient plasma. The company also recently received grant funding from the National Cancer Institute to advance liquid biopsy tests for determining a related biomarker known as tumor mutational burden.  PGDx was an early leader in identifying the importance of MSI, contributing to a study on MMR and immune checkpoint blockade presented at the 2015 ASCO Annual Meeting. In that study, researchers found that colorectal cancer patients who had tumors with MSI/MMR deficiency had a much greater therapeutic response to pembrolizumab. The analysis showed that cancer patients with MSI/MMR deficiency on average had more than 20 times the number of mutations in their tumors as similar patients who were not mismatch repair deficient. This finding is consistent with other studies showing that PD-1/PD-L1 checkpoint blockers are most effective against tumors containing many mutations. The study was published in the New England Journal of Medicine.  "We established PGDx to advance technology invented at Johns Hopkins based on our belief that greater understanding of tumor genomics would ultimately enable more effective and less toxic treatments for cancer," noted Victor E. Velculescu, MD, PhD, a co-founder of PGDx. Dr. Velculescu also is Professor of Oncology at the Johns Hopkins University School of Medicine. "This breakthrough approval from the FDA is an important milestone in the realization of that vision. I am proud that PGDx has played a significant role in this advance and that the company will help many more patients realize the benefits of immuno-oncology approaches for cancer treatment." PGDx representatives will be attending the 2017 ASCO Annual Meeting and are available at Booth #2078 to discuss the company's MSI testing and its complete range of cancer genome analysis tools for researchers and clinicians. Research services include exome and targeted approaches for tissue specimens, targeted approaches for plasma samples and a variety of custom tissue and plasma-based options designed to address the specific research needs of cancer researchers and drug developers. PGDx's service offerings for researchers and testing labs are complemented by the clinical services it provides to patients and physicians through its CLIA-certified laboratory, including its CancerSELECT 125 pan cancer genomic profiling assay and the non-invasive PlasmaSELECT™ 64 pan cancer profiling assay, both of which include MSI testing. About Personal Genome Diagnostics Personal Genome Diagnostics (PGDx) is empowering the fight against cancer by unlocking actionable information from the genome for oncology researchers, drug developers, clinicians and patients. The expert team at PGDx draws on a deep understanding of cancer biology, extensive experience in cancer genomics and clinical oncology, and the company's distinctive technologies that precisely identify and characterize unique genomic alterations in tumors. PGDx is working toward broad patient access to its genomic technologies and products, through a CLIA-certified facility providing comprehensive genomic services, as well as a portfolio of tissue-based and liquid biopsy genomic testing products for laboratories worldwide. Privately-held PGDx is headquartered in Baltimore, MD. For additional information, visit PersonalGenome.com.   Contacts PGDx Corporate: Melody Gretz  973-598-5515 mgretz@personalgenome.com    PGDx Media Barbara Lindheim           212-584-2276 BLL Partners, LLC   blindheim@bllbiopartners.com                                                                             To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/personal-genome-diagnostics-highlights-its-patent-pending-microsatellite-instability-testing-technology-as-fda-approves-keytruda-for-msi-tumors-300467763.html SOURCE Personal Genome Diagnostics Inc. Copyright (C) 2017 PR Newswire. All rights reserved From MarketWatch More Coverage Trump Announcement on Paris Climate Accord Most Popular Stock market bracing for potentially the most explosive stretch of trading this year Harley-Davidson is recalling 57,000 motorcycles Paint your bathroom this color and boost your home’s selling price by $5,400 Costco versus Amazon Prime — which membership offers more value? Trump Quits Climate Deal — Citing ‘America First’ MarketWatch Partner Center Sponsored Headlines MarketWatch Site Index Topics Help Feedback Newsroom Roster Media Archive Premium Products Mobile Company Company Info Code of Conduct Corrections Advertising Media Kit Advertise Locally Reprints & Licensing Broker Center Your Ad Choices Dow Jones Network WSJ.com Barron's Online BigCharts Virtual Stock Exchange Financial News London WSJ.com Small Business realtor.com Mansion Global Back to Top Copyright ©2017 MarketWatch, Inc. All rights reserved. By using this site you agree to the Terms of Service, Privacy Policy, and Cookie Policy. Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real-time last sale data for U.S. stock quotes reflect trades reported through Nasdaq only. Intraday data delayed at least 15 minutes or per exchange requirements. Advanced Search Stocks Columns Authors Topics No results found
Skip to Main Content Site Map Marketwired Français Media Partners About Us Blog Facebook Twitter YouTube LinkedIn Google+ Search Site News Products Marketwired Resonate Marketwired Influencers News Distribution IR/PR Newsroom (Impress) Media Database (Mediahub) Powered by Sysomos Request a Demo Solutions Public Relations Investor Relations Small Business Newsroom All News Headlines Only Advanced Search RSS Newsfeeds Hot Off the Wire Personal Beat CASL Compliance Resources Brochures Case Studies E-Books / Tip Sheets Webinars / Videos Contact Us Our Locations Become a Media Partner Become a Channel Partner Request More Information Request a Demo Sign In Where would you like to sign in? My Marketwired Account Personal Beat Marketwired Resonate Hot Off the Wire News Dashboard 2.0 Mediahub Register for a Marketwired Account News Room Print Friendly Share SOURCE: Xtalks June 02, 2017 07:00 ET The Evolving Utilization of Specific Biomarker Roles Within Trial Design, New Webinar Hosted by Xtalks TORONTO, ON--(Marketwired - June 02, 2017) - The live broadcast takes place on Thursday, June 15, 2017 at 10am EDT (3pm BST/(UK). There is a lot of discussion across biopharma about the increasing complexity in the design and management of clinical trials. Recent estimates suggest the cost of bringing a drug to market is as high as $3 billion, and only 1 in 10 drugs successfully navigate the process and make it to market. These trends are not sustainable, and the use of targeted clinical strategies are being seen as a critical step towards improving success rates. Historically, drug approvals sought to maximize the potential market opportunity both in the initial indication and later line extensions. The rising average duration of trials suggests that a change in strategic approach is valuable, particularly after the recent successes with drugs like Imatinib and Keytruda. Keytruda developed by Merck is indicated for patients with metastatic or advanced non-small cell lung cancer who test positive for TPS>1% PD-L1 expression and negative for EGFR and ALK mutations. This new drug has a mechanism of action that is so tightly understood and critically linked to a clear biomarker strategy that development professionals had the confidence to carefully select patients from specific sub-groups from the earliest trials and demonstrate efficacy from the earliest opportunity, leading to a uniquely accelerated approval and ultimately benefiting both patients and Merck with the granting of a Marketing Authorization. To determine whether these celebrated successes reflect the beginning of a new stage of therapeutic evolution, we wish to understand how deep the shift has occurred towards personalized therapies and how widespread such an approach is across the therapeutic areas within clinical development. By comparing the two periods, 2007-2011 vs. 2012-2016, we can identify a number of trends in the application of specific biomarker roles (therapeutic effect marker, toxic effect marker, disease marker) within active clinical trials. The speakers demonstrate an increase in both the application of specific biomarker types and also highlighting some areas where there are opportunities to increase our knowledge of the underlying biological mechanisms. To learn more about this event visit: The Evolving Utilization of Specific Biomarker Roles Within Trial Design Xtalks, powered by Honeycomb Worldwide Inc., is a leading provider of educational webinars to the global Life Sciences community. Every year thousands of industry practitioners (from pharmaceutical & biotech companies, private & academic research institutions, healthcare centers, etc.) turn to Xtalks for access to quality content. Xtalks helps Life Science professionals stay current with industry developments, trends and regulations. Xtalks webinars also provide perspectives on key issues from top industry thought leaders and service providers. To learn more about Xtalks visit http://xtalks.com For information about hosting a webinar visit http://xtalks.com/sponsorship.ashx Image Available: http://www.marketwire.com/library/MwGo/2017/5/31/11G140104/Images/Clarivate_Logo-5e5d9e89aaebaa5dba4c297f922c3396.jpg Contact Information Contact: Dian Razak Tel: +1 (416) 977-6555 ext 352 Email: drazak@xtalks.com Print Friendly Share News Room   View Related News About this company Xtalks From this industry Medical and Healthcare Pharmaceuticals and Biotech From this sub-industry Medical Devices Drugs Equipment and Supplies Clinical Trials Hospitals, Facilities and Providers Healthcare Biotech Trials See all RSS Newsfeeds   Multimedia Clarivate™ Analytics accelerates the pace of innovation by providing trusted insights and analytics to customers around the world, enabling them to discover, protect and commercialize new ideas faster. View Image Highlighted Links Webinar Details   About Marketwired   Marketwired News   Community Builders Privacy Site Map Accessibility Products   Marketwired Resonate   Marketwired Influencers   News Distribution   IR/PR Newsroom (Impress)   Media Database (Mediahub) Resources   Brochures   Case Studies   E-Books / Tip Sheets   Webinars / Videos Newsroom   All News   Headlines Only   Advanced Search   RSS Newsfeeds   Hot Off the Wire   Personal Beat   CASL Compliance Connect With Us Facebook Twitter YouTube LinkedIn Google+ MARKETWIRED IS NOW PART OF NASDAQ Copyright ©2016 Nasdaq, Inc. All rights reserved. Legal You are using an outdated browser For a better experience using this site, please upgrade to a modern web browser.
My News Personalise your news feed by choosing your favourite topics of interest Get Started No Thanks Create your own newsfeed Choose 3 or more topics that you want to see. Irish News Politics International Opinion Living Family Technology Business GAA Soccer Rugby MMA Watercooler Going Out Screens Quizzes Change Generation Create my newsfeed   TheJournal.ie uses cookies. By continuing to browse this site you are agreeing to our use of cookies. Click here to find out more » Business ETC The42 The Daily Edge Search site Search Dublin: 13 °C Monday 5 June, 2017 Advertisement Homepage Irish Politics International Voices Family Culture Tech Business My Feed RSS Tags Prime Numbers Twin week in numbers See other tags Tags How much profit did Ryanair make last year? It's the week in numbers Plus: How many hotel rooms are planned for Dublin over the next two years? By Cormac Fitzgerald Saturday 3 Jun 2017, 7:00 PM Sat 7:00 PM 13,632 Views 13 Comments http://jrnl.ie/3416161 Share Tweet Email Image: DPA/PA Images Image: DPA/PA Images EVERY WEEK, TheJournal.ie offers a selection of statistics and numerical nuggets to help you digest the week that has just passed. 330: The number of jobs announced in Carlow and Cork at pharmaceutical firm MSD. 83: The age of former Panama dictator Manuel Antonio Noriega before his death was announced this week. 29%: The percentage of shallow water corals destroyed in 2016, as the Great Barrier Reef is being destroyed faster than expected. €4,000: The reward animal activists have put up for anyone willing to come forward with information on the identities of the men filmed dancing around student accommodation with what appears to be a dead dolphin. 3,500: The number of new hotel rooms planned for Dublin over the next two years. 25%: The percentage of shares of AIB that the Government is planning to sell off. €1.3 billion: The profit posted by Ryanair in the financial year ended 31 March 2017. 21%: The percentage of female non-consultant hospital doctors (NCHDs) who reported having experienced sexual harassment in their workplace over the past two years. 905: The number of alcohol-related incidents registered on the roads in April alone. 100: The number of years ago that the JRR Tolkien story Beren and Lúthien was written, which went on sale this week. Read: Like our weekly numerical breakdown? Check out more > Get breaking news from TheJournal.ie via Facebook. Just click Like. Short URL Tweet this Share on Facebook Email this article   About the author: About the author Cormac Fitzgerald @cormfitz cormac@thejournal.ie See more articles by Cormac Fitzgerald Contribute to this story: Leave a Comment Send a Photo / Video Send a Tip Send a Correction Read next: Embed this post To embed this post, copy the code below on your site 600px wide <iframe width="600" height="460" frameborder="0" style="border:0px;" src="http://www.thejournal.ie/http://www.thejournal.ie/week-in-numbers-152-3416161-Jun2017/?embedpost=3416161&width=600&height=460" ></iframe> 400px wide <iframe width="600" height="460" frameborder="0" style="border:0px;" src="http://www.thejournal.ie/http://www.thejournal.ie/week-in-numbers-152-3416161-Jun2017/?embedpost=3416161&width=400&height=460" ></iframe> 300px wide <iframe width="600" height="460" frameborder="0" style="border:0px;" src="http://www.thejournal.ie/http://www.thejournal.ie/week-in-numbers-152-3416161-Jun2017/?embedpost=3416161&width=300&height=460" ></iframe> Email “How much profit did Ryanair make last year? It's the week in numbers ”. Your Email Recipient's Email Submit Feedback on “How much profit did Ryanair make last year? It's the week in numbers ”. Your Feedback Your Email (optional) Submit Report a Comment Please select the reason for reporting this comment. Please select your reason for reporting... You don't like this comment, or you disagree with this commenter It contains offensive language, is hateful or incites violence It contains a libelous/defamatory statement Some other reason... Please give full details of the problem with the comment... Your Email Submit COMMENTS (13) This is YOUR comments community. Stay civil, stay constructive, stay on topic. Please familiarise yourself with our comments policy here before taking part. write a comment Leave a commentcancel Log in with: Facebook Twitter Log out Logged in with Share Comment on Facebook or Twitter Notify me of followup comments via e-mail Post Comment Read Next: Download our app Trending Opinions 'I used to hold everything back. My shyness triggered depression and nearly killed me' Brian Strahan For some people, shyness can lead to social anxiety and crippling depression, writes Brian Strahan. Opinion: 'I’ve never seen hunger and despair like I saw last week in Kenya' David O'Hare With severe drought gripping many parts of East Africa, millions of people are facing starvation in the coming months, writes David O’Hare. 'Neutrality and pluralism are not particularly good reasons for taking God out of our Constitution' Dr Thomas Finegan There are certainly very strong philosophical reasons for accepting at least the existence of God, writes Dr Thomas Finegan. Most Popular Today 1 21 of the 48 injured in the London attack are critical 191,913  316 2 Armed Garda support units to monitor Ireland's major cities from tonight 101,963  204 3 Charlie Flanagan says attack in Ireland is 'unlikely' and gardaí are 'fully in control of situation' 96,522  227 1 Despite a six-month storm of criticism, Aer Lingus stands by its new frequent flyer scheme 3,710  0 2 Without a truly iconic tourist attraction, Ireland banks on billion-euro 'encounters with locals' 184  0 3 'In Ireland, large firms often view startups with a mix of fear and intrigue' 50  0 1 As it happened: Clare v Limerick, Munster hurling championship semi-final 51,343  3 2 As it happened: Ireland v Uruguay, international friendly 43,893  17 3 As it happened: Ireland v Scotland, U20 Rugby World Championships 38,406  7 1 A photo of a man being evacuated in London last night and refusing to leave his pint behind has taken over Twitter 8,980  1 2 Everyone was talking about The Black Eyed Peas and their deeply cringey Champions League performance 7,448  6 3 15 old school baby names that need to make a comeback in 2017 7,318  11 Trending Tags PLANNING Diageo gets the go-ahead to build €25 million whiskey distillery in Dublin city A €3.8 million co-operative housing scheme built on former ghost estate opens in Galway today Simon Coveney thinks Ireland should go high-rise 'in the right places' PLOUGHING This little Tipp lad's hurling rap was the highlight of the Ploughing yesterday This little Tipp lad's hurling rap was the highlight of the Ploughing yesterday How Marty Morrissey and his cardboard cut-out own the Ploughing GARDAí Teen arrested after trying to hijack ambulance Man in his 20s dies in early-morning crash in Mayo 'Why had no one written about them?': 21 gardaí killed during Irish Free State have their stories told DUBLIN Bernie Sanders brought his 'resistance' message to Dublin (after stopping by the Áras) Two men due before in court after explosives seized in Dublin on Friday 55-year-old man arrested over explosives seized in Dublin on Friday POLICE 21 of the 48 injured in the London attack are critical Police arrest 18th person in connection with Manchester bombing Another man arrested in connection with 'brutal and senseless' murder of Colin Horner ARREST 17-year-old arrested after woman in her 30s reported being sexually assaulted Police arrest 24-year-old man in connection with Manchester bombing Man and woman injured in early-morning stabbing ∞ About Us About Us We're Hiring! Contact Us Advertise With Us Tech Blog Follow Us Twitter Facebook Corrections Report Content Policies Terms of Use Privacy Cookies Advertising Comments Copyright Competition Content copyright © Journal Media Ltd. 2017 Registered in Dublin, registration number: 483623. Registered office: 3rd floor, Latin Hall, Golden Lane, Dublin 8. TheJournal.ie is a full participating member of the Press Council of Ireland and supports the Office of the Press Ombudsman. This scheme in addition to defending the freedom of the press, offers readers a quick, fair and free method of dealing with complaints that they may have in relation to articles that appear on our pages. To contact the Office of the Press Ombudsman Lo-Call 1890 208 080 or go to www.pressombudsman.ie or www.presscouncil.ie Please note that TheJournal.ie uses cookies to improve your experience and to provide services and advertising. For more information on cookies please refer to our cookies policy. News images provided by Press Association and Photocall Ireland unless otherwise stated. Irish sport images provided by Inpho Photography unless otherwise stated. Wire service provided by Associated Press. Journal Media does not control and is not responsible for user created content, posts, comments, submissions or preferences. Users are reminded that they are fully responsible for their own created content and their own posts, comments and submissions and fully and effectively warrant and indemnify Journal Media in relation to such content and their ability to make such content, posts, comments and submissions available. Journal Media does not control and is not responsible for the content of external websites. Switch to Mobile Site | Night mode Sites: TheJournal.ie | BusinessETC.ie | The42 | DailyEdge.ie | Boards.ie | Adverts.ie | Daft.ie Blow the whistle or share a story Upload an image Upload an image cancel Add an image URL cancel Upload a video | Add YouTube video Upload a video cancel YouTube Address (URL): cancel Your email (optional) Submit Alternatively, you can email us at: tips@thejournal.ie Please log in to comment Please log in with facebook to become a fan Please log in RSS feeds available here: TheJournal.ie Latest News Feed How much profit did Ryanair make last year? It's the week in numbers Comments Report an error, omission or problem: Message: Your Email (optional) Submit Create Email Alert Create an email alert based on the current article Email Address One email every morning As soon as new articles come online Submit TheJournal.ie Facebook Edition Share stories with your friends and family easily Comment without having to login More features coming soon...
Indiatimes|The Times of India|The Economic Times : HI, My Times LOGOUTSign In Business More Beauty Pageants Photos Videos More Fashion Specials Debate Photos Videos Platinum Times of India More HomeHome Videos City India World Business Tech Cricket Sports Entertainment TV Life & Style Photos Live TV TIMES NEWS - RADIO Modi Government Elections 2017 Delhi MCD 2017 Brandwire Yearender 2016 Good Governance Business India Business International Business Photos Videos PSUs Sectors Sectors Agriculture Aviation Corporate Economy Energy Markets Personal Finance Real Estate Services Telecom Tax Calculator Small Business More ALL News » Business » International Business News » Loxo's targeted drug helps variety of advanced cancers in small study Facebook posts $3 bn profit in Q1 H-1B effect: Infosys to hire 10,000 US workers Jio complementary offer not in sync with regulations: Trai SpiceJet 2nd most valued Indian airline Cash withdrawal limits to go from March 13: RBI PM Modi launches digital payments app BHIM IndusInd Q4 net profit up 21% Repo rate unchanged Infosys CEO defends COO's pay Murthy slams Infy COO pay hike Kotak approves fund raising CCI rejects Bayer-Monsanto deal Loxo's targeted drug helps variety of advanced cancers in small study HEALTH-CANCER/LOXO ONCOLOGY (EMBARGOED):Loxo's targeted drug helps variety of advanced cancers in small studyReuters | Jun 3, 2017, 05.00 PM IST By Bill Berkrot June 3 (Reuters) - Three quarters of patients with a wide variety of advanced cancers responded to a Loxo Oncology Inc therapy that targets a specific genetic defect, according to data from a small study presented on Saturday at the year's most important oncology meeting. The drug, larotrectinib, directly targets an acquired rather than inherited genetic defect called TRK fusions. In such patients, TRK genes abnormally attach to other genes, triggering accelerated cancer cell growth. If approved, the oral therapy would mark a major step toward treatment based on a patient's or the cancer's genetic traits rather than whether the disease originated in the lung, breast or elsewhere. "What we're seeing here is the original promise of precision medicine," said Dr. David Hyman, chief of early drug development at Memorial Sloan Kettering Cancer Center in New York who led the study. Merck & Co's immunotherapy Keytruda last month became the first cancer drug to win U.S. approval based on specific genetic biomarkers regardless of the site of the original tumor. The Loxo-funded larotrectinib study followed 50 TRK fusion-positive patients with more than a dozen different types of advanced cancer, including lung, pancreatic, breast and colon. Seventy-six percent of patients experienced significant tumor shrinkage, including complete remission in 12 percent. "This is a real breakthrough," said Hyman, who presented the data at the American Society of Clinical Oncology meeting in Chicago. He said the response rate exceeded expectations. "These are people who had no hope by and large." Researchers have yet to determine other key benchmarks of performance, including median overall survival, progression-free survival or duration of response as most patients were still alive and responding after one year. Nearly all responders remained on the drug or received potentially curative surgery, with the longest ongoing response out to 25 months so far. Loxo expects to apply late this year or early next for U.S. approval. The Food and Drug Administration granted larotrectinib its breakthrough designation, given to medicines it deems potentially important advances in serious diseases. Up to 5,000 U.S. patients a year are diagnosed with the TRK defect, but Hyman said there could be more if testing becomes more common. Comprehensive genetic testing can detect TRK fusion and more specific tests are being developed. Pediatric patients in the trial had a type of cancer called infantile fibrosarcoma, a disease with a high rate of TRK fusion. In some cases it can be cured with amputations or other disfiguring surgeries. Researchers found that after treatment with larotrectinib, less radical limb-sparing surgery may be an option. They were particularly struck by the drug's lack of toxicity. No patients discontinued treatment due to side effects. "This is a safety profile that feels to me more like a drug for a chronic medical condition like high blood pressure than a cancer therapy," Hyman said. (Reporting by Bill Berkrot; Editing by Marguerita Choy) Stay updated on the go with Times of India News App. Click here to download it for your device. (This story has not been edited by timesofindia.com and is auto–generated from a syndicated feed we subscribe to.) RELATED From around the web How the Scientific Applications of Baseball are being Taug.. GEMS World Academy Chicago Check Out Unbelievable List of Safest 2017 Minivans Minivans - Sponsored Ads Top 55+ Senior Living Apartments in Germantown Luxury Senior Apartments - Sponsored Ads More from The Times of India Mysskin: K Bhagyaraj in Mysskin’s film - Times of India 12 arrested in London attack case Varun Dhawan defends Priyanka Chopra over dress row From the Web More From The Times of India 5 Meal Kits that Will Help You Lose WeightMyHealthyMeals Best Crossover SUV for 2017. Don't Buy Until You See These..New Crossover Cars | Sponsored Ads She Is Considered The Most Beautiful Woman In Her CountryLivingly Lifestyle Factors That Can Cause EDWebMD Don't Buy Furniture Until You See This SiteWayfair Indian junkies' ande ka funda - Times of India Japan offers soft loan for bullet trains - Times of India Top 10 sources of omega-3 fatty acids - The Times of India Indian-American jailed for $33 million fraud in US Indian-origin Cornell University student found dead in US ViewcommentsPost a comment All Comments ()+^ Back to Top Characters Remaining: 3000 Continue without login or Login from existing accountFacebookGoogleEmail Share on FacebookShare on Twitter Refrain from posting comments that are obscene, defamatory or inflammatory, and do not indulge in personal attacks, name calling or inciting hatred against any community. Help us delete comments that do not follow these guidelines by marking them offensive. Let's work together to keep the conversation civil. HIDE+ All CommentsYour Activity SortUpVotedNewestOldestDiscussedDown Voted Be the first one to review. We have sent you a verification email. To verify, just follow the link in the message Subscribe today! Join Our newsletter Follow Us@timesofindia From around the Web Find a State Farm® agent near you! State Farm Insurance Buy spacious 3 bed apartments in Bengaluru SOBHA Code Sample: Doorbell in Python* Intel More From The Times of India Aman Verma's wedding postponed - Times of India 'Aankhein 2' to have its mahurat today - Times of India 5 interesting facts about Saffron ​ Most Popular Bihar board 'topper' Ganesh Kumar arrested, his result cancelled Security agencies gear up to fight 'bedroom jihadis' in Kashmir SBI ATM, online, cash transaction fees change from June 1: All you need to know Ravi Narain steps down as NSE vice chairman Ravi Narain, one of the founding members of National Stock Exchange has stepped down from the board of the exchange with immediate effect. Sensex, Nifty close at fresh record highs Riding on the back of strong global markets and an early onset of monsoon, Sensex and Nifty continued to trade bullish and both the indices closed at fresh highs on Friday after a four day-consolidation. Read MoreThe Food and Drug AdministrationReutersNew YorkMerck & CoMemorial Sloan Kettering Cancer Center Navbharat Times Featured Today In Travel From our Global Partners Study shows early Zytiga use improves prostate cancer survival Banco Popular head tells staff to stay calm, source says ECB meet planned Pregnancy after breast cancer doesn't raise recurrence risk-study 1Loxo's targeted drug helps variety of advanced cancers in small study 2Study shows early Zytiga use improves prostate cancer survival 3Banco Popular head tells staff to stay calm, source says ECB meet planned 4Pregnancy after breast cancer doesn't raise recurrence risk-study Other Times Group news sites The Economic Times Mumbai Mirror IGN India Hindi Econimic Times Times Now I am Gujarat Pune Mirror Tamil Samayam Bangalore Mirror Maharashtra Times Telugu Samayam Ahmedabad Mirror Go Green Miss Kyra ItsMyAscent Lifehacker India Hindi News Education Times Gizmodo India FILMIPOP Hindi Brand Capital Eisamay Indiatimes Gujarati Econimic Times Vijaya Karnataka Malayalam Samayam Times Food Living and entertainment iDiva MensXP.com Femina Entertainment Grazia Zoom Travel Destinations Filmipop Luxpresso Smartapp Bombay Times Cricbuzz.com Filmfare Online Songs top trends SA vs SL Live Score Paris Climate Agreement Champions Trophy 2017 Paris agreement Manila shooting Nissan Micra 2017 CBSE Class 10 Result Ramachandra Guha Philippines ICC CT Schedule Sensex Manila shooting Sopore encounter PM Modi Angela Merkel services Ads 2 Book Bank Exam App iTimes Entertainment App ET Money Finance App Coupon Duniya Dineout Mobile Recharge Magic Bricks Techgig Times Jobs Bollywood News Times Mobile Zigwheels Remit 2 India TC Next Bikes in India Used Cars Astro Speak Simply Marry GadgetsNow itimes Popular Categories Headlines Sports News Business News India News World News Bollywood News Health & Fitness Tips Indian TV Shows Celebrity Photos hot on the web ICC Champions Trophy Dark Circles How to Get Pregnant Ramadan Fasting Rules Sunny Leone Photos XXX Photos Weight Loss Tips Ramadan Festival 2017 Best Mehndi Designs Trending topics Exam Results 2017 Hindi Movies English Movies Tamil Movies Telugu Movies xXx Malayalam Movies Kollywood News Tollywood News Mollywood News Hollywood News Sunny Leone Photos Follow us on facebook twitter google+ rss feed youtube download toi app android iphone BlackBerry ipad windows phone About us Create Your Own Ad Terms of Use and Grievance Redressal Policy Privacy policy Advertise with us RSS Newsletter Feedback ePaper Sitemap Archives Copyright © 2017 Bennett, Coleman & Co. Ltd. All rights reserved. For reprint rights: Times Syndication Service ` Sip on free Dunkin’ Shaken Iced Coffee while reading the latest news on TOI.Login to claim
Skip Navigation Jump to Main Main navigation and Meta Navigation To Home Meta Main Navigation Watch TV Content Search OpenAll Sections All SectionsClose Section Navigation Title Asia Pacific Singapore World CNA Insider Business Sport Lifestyle Technology Health Commentary OpenAll Sections Now Reading Loxo's targeted drug helps variety of advanced cancers in small study Toggle share menu Share on Facebook Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on Twitter Share on LinkedIn Share on LinkedIn Share via Whatsapp Share via Whatsapp Share via E-Mail Share via E-Mail Jump to top Search OpenAll Sections Main Navigation Section Navigation Title Home Watch TV Compact Layout All Sections Close Asia Pacific Singapore World CNA Insider Business Sport Lifestyle Technology Health Commentary Videos Catch-up TV TV Schedule Special Reports Singapore Parliament Weather PSI Facebook Twitter LinkedIn YouTube RSS Play Store App Store Search Close Search Search Term Search Term Clear search input Search Loxo's targeted drug helps variety of advanced cancers in small study close breaking news Advertisement Health Loxo's targeted drug helps variety of advanced cancers in small study 03 Jun 2017 07:55PM Share this content Share on Facebook Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on Twitter Share on LinkedIn Share on LinkedIn Share via Whatsapp Share via Whatsapp Share via E-Mail Share via E-Mail REUTERS: Three quarters of patients with a wide variety of advanced cancers responded to a Loxo Oncology Inc therapy that targets a specific genetic defect, according to data from a small study presented on Saturday at the year's most important oncology meeting. The drug, larotrectinib, directly targets an acquired rather than inherited genetic defect called TRK fusions. In such patients, TRK genes abnormally attach to other genes, triggering accelerated cancer cell growth. If approved, the oral therapy would mark a major step toward treatment based on a patient's or the cancer's genetic traits rather than whether the disease originated in the lung, breast or elsewhere. "What we're seeing here is the original promise of precision medicine," said Dr. David Hyman, chief of early drug development at Memorial Sloan Kettering Cancer Center in New York who led the study. Merck & Co's immunotherapy Keytruda last month became the first cancer drug to win U.S. approval based on specific genetic biomarkers regardless of the site of the original tumor. Advertisement Advertisement The Loxo-funded larotrectinib study followed 50 TRK fusion-positive patients with more than a dozen different types of advanced cancer, including lung, pancreatic, breast and colon. Seventy-six percent of patients experienced significant tumor shrinkage, including complete remission in 12 percent. "This is a real breakthrough," said Hyman, who presented the data at the American Society of Clinical Oncology meeting in Chicago. He said the response rate exceeded expectations. "These are people who had no hope by and large." Researchers have yet to determine other key benchmarks of performance, including median overall survival, progression-free survival or duration of response as most patients were still alive and responding after one year. Nearly all responders remained on the drug or received potentially curative surgery, with the longest ongoing response out to 25 months so far. Loxo expects to apply late this year or early next for U.S. approval. The Food and Drug Administration granted larotrectinib its breakthrough designation, given to medicines it deems potentially important advances in serious diseases. Up to 5,000 U.S. patients a year are diagnosed with the TRK defect, but Hyman said there could be more if testing becomes more common. Comprehensive genetic testing can detect TRK fusion and more specific tests are being developed. Pediatric patients in the trial had a type of cancer called infantile fibrosarcoma, a disease with a high rate of TRK fusion. In some cases it can be cured with amputations or other disfiguring surgeries. Researchers found that after treatment with larotrectinib, less radical limb-sparing surgery may be an option. They were particularly struck by the drug's lack of toxicity. No patients discontinued treatment due to side effects. "This is a safety profile that feels to me more like a drug for a chronic medical condition like high blood pressure than a cancer therapy," Hyman said. (Reporting by Bill Berkrot; Editing by Marguerita Choy) Source: Reuters Share this content Share on Facebook Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on Twitter Share on LinkedIn Share on LinkedIn Share via Whatsapp Share via Whatsapp Share via E-Mail Share via E-Mail More stories for you More information about Channel News Asia jump to top of page Sections Asia Pacific Singapore World CNA Insider Business Sport Lifestyle Technology Health Commentary About Us About Channel NewsAsia Hotel Partners Events & Seminars Presenters & Correspondents Contact Us Advertise with us Contact Sales Online Advertising TV Advertising Get the news that matters in your inbox every morning! Next try Plese enter your Email-address I consent to the use of my personal data by Mediacorp and the Mediacorp group of companies (collectively "Mediacorp") to send me marketing and advertising materials in relation to goods and services of Mediacorp and its business partners and for research and analysis SUBSCRIBE Follow our news Facebook Twitter LinkedIn YouTube RSS Experience news with our apps Play Store App Store Copyright© Mediacorp 2017. Mediacorp Pte Ltd. All rights reserved. Terms and Conditions Privacy Policy Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement
  Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Wires Home My Profile Logout Login Feedback NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad Loxo's targeted drug helps variety of advanced cancers in small study By Reuters Published: 07:34 EDT, 3 June 2017 | Updated: 07:34 EDT, 3 June 2017 e-mail By Bill Berkrot June 3 (Reuters) - Three quarters of patients with a wide variety of advanced cancers responded to a Loxo Oncology Inc therapy that targets a specific genetic defect, according to data from a small study presented on Saturday at the year's most important oncology meeting. The drug, larotrectinib, directly targets an acquired rather than inherited genetic defect called TRK fusions. In such patients, TRK genes abnormally attach to other genes, triggering accelerated cancer cell growth. If approved, the oral therapy would mark a major step toward treatment based on a patient's or the cancer's genetic traits rather than whether the disease originated in the lung, breast or elsewhere. "What we're seeing here is the original promise of precision medicine," said Dr. David Hyman, chief of early drug development at Memorial Sloan Kettering Cancer Center in New York who led the study. Merck &amp; Co's immunotherapy Keytruda last month became the first cancer drug to win U.S. approval based on specific genetic biomarkers regardless of the site of the original tumor. The Loxo-funded larotrectinib study followed 50 TRK fusion-positive patients with more than a dozen different types of advanced cancer, including lung, pancreatic, breast and colon. Seventy-six percent of patients experienced significant tumor shrinkage, including complete remission in 12 percent. "This is a real breakthrough," said Hyman, who presented the data at the American Society of Clinical Oncology meeting in Chicago. He said the response rate exceeded expectations. "These are people who had no hope by and large." Researchers have yet to determine other key benchmarks of performance, including median overall survival, progression-free survival or duration of response as most patients were still alive and responding after one year. Nearly all responders remained on the drug or received potentially curative surgery, with the longest ongoing response out to 25 months so far. Loxo expects to apply late this year or early next for U.S. approval. The Food and Drug Administration granted larotrectinib its breakthrough designation, given to medicines it deems potentially important advances in serious diseases. Up to 5,000 U.S. patients a year are diagnosed with the TRK defect, but Hyman said there could be more if testing becomes more common. Comprehensive genetic testing can detect TRK fusion and more specific tests are being developed. Pediatric patients in the trial had a type of cancer called infantile fibrosarcoma, a disease with a high rate of TRK fusion. In some cases it can be cured with amputations or other disfiguring surgeries. Researchers found that after treatment with larotrectinib, less radical limb-sparing surgery may be an option. They were particularly struck by the drug's lack of toxicity. No patients discontinued treatment due to side effects. "This is a safety profile that feels to me more like a drug for a chronic medical condition like high blood pressure than a cancer therapy," Hyman said. (Reporting by Bill Berkrot; Editing by Marguerita Choy) Share or comment on this article e-mail Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article. Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail     DON'T MISS 'Olivia wouldn't want you to cry': Tearful Ariana Grande reveals inspirational message mother of bombing victim said to her during Manchester concert PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Bradley Cooper is seen cradling his newborn daughter Lea De Seine during stroll with Irina Shayk in LA Proud parents Sugar and spice: Rhian Sugden puts on a busty display in a candy cane swimsuit on holiday in Turkey as she gets intimate with fiancé Oliver Mellor Little Mix are criticised for their 'naked' stage outfits at family-friendly One Love benefit concert Divided opinion with their racy costumes Ariana Grande sparks engagement confusion with a rock on her left hand... as she is supported by boyfriend Mac Miller onstage at One Love Manchester 'I misjudged you': Piers Morgan apologises to 'admirable' Ariana Grande and praises her 'cracking voice'... after criticising her for jetting home following attack 'That was painful': Anthea Turner's ex-husband Grant Bovey told her he 'might' have stayed if they had been able to conceive together... despite FIVE failed bouts of IVF Curves ahead! Courtney Stodden reveals her bountiful bosom as she shimmies in LBD during racy video She's an expert at posting sensual selfies  Penny Lancaster, 47, shows off her famous model figure in a thigh-skimming crochet dress as she soaks up the sun on a yacht in Cannes with Rod Stewart, 72 England ace Raheem Sterling arrives in Jamaica with the stunning model he whisked away 'while his girlfriend was left at home with their baby' Forget something? Bella Thorne wears most daring look yet as she flaunts chest by going BRALESS under sheer top while out in LA That'll get his attention Pregnant Charlotte Church shows off her mum-to-be figure in fishnets and knee-high boots as she hits the stage AGAIN in tiny pants Liam Gallagher makes surprise appearance at One Love concert in Manchester... but fans are left disappointed as brother Noel doesn't join for Oasis reunion 'Love conquers fear and love conquers hate': Katy Perry sends a poignant message as she dresses in angelic all-white at One Love Manchester concert Justin Bieber is brought to tears as emotional One Love Manchester gig cracks his tough exterior onstage Heart-wrenching 'I was out of control': Louise Thompson flaunts her fit figure... as she reveals she's quit drinking for 'zen' life after 'jumping from one relationship to the next' 'Grow up!': Kim Kardashian RIPS Caitlyn Jenner's new memoir... as Kourtney claims Bruce borrowed money from her in KUWTK teaser Khloe Kardashian jets out of LA as her basketball beau Tristan Thompson prepares for big game in Oakland Radiated glamour and celeb status 'Cut her legs off, she crawls right back to me': Tyga seemingly mocks ex Kylie Jenner in new single Playboy Something for the ex-girlfriend? 'I missed my family and friends': Michelle Keegan cuts her 30th birthday cake as she's spoiled by Our Girl cast... while Mark Wright parties in Magaluf  What a pair! Kendall Jenner and Hailey Baldwin show off their trim figures in leggings in NYC Kendall, 21, went casual, Hailey smart Coldplay's Chris Martin is brought to his knees in emotionally-charged duet of Don't Look Back In Anger with Ariana Grande at Manchester gig Braless pop star Miley Cyrus praises 'role model' Ariana Grande as she puts on a leggy performance at inspiring One Love fundraiser Joined Pharrell onstage Robbie Williams finally reunites with Take That onstage - but NOT for a song - as both acts take the stage at Ariana Grande's One Love Manchester gig Will.i.am insists he MEANT to say hello to London at One Love gig as he hits back after awkwardly mistaking Manchester for the capital twice 'As a father, this has made me truly sad': Family man David Beckham pays tribute to his 'home' Manchester as he sends video to One Love gig Fergie spends family time in LA as Black Eyed Peas rock One Love Manchester without her The group took the stage to wow the crowd Keeping the faith! Selena Gomez keeps it casual in a hoodie and cropped jeans as she attends trendy Hillsong Church NYC Put romance aside Bella Hadid slips her impressively slim figure into racy cut-out swimsuit as she smoulders in another high profile sports campaign Hollywood's most eligible single! Jennifer Garner looks lovely as she takes baked goods to church... after it's claimed Affleck is already 'dating' The First couples Ivanka and Jared and Donald and Melania turn heads in their black-tie attire as they head to the Ford's Theatre Gala hand-in-hand with Jared Putting in the work! Hot and sweaty Kaley Cuoco is red-faced as she leaves LA gym after Sunday workout session Snapped leaving a fitness facility  'Happy Sunday everybody!!' Jennifer Lopez shares Instagram snap with Alex Rodriguez and children in pool Happy families Sophie Ellis-Sex-tor! Hitmaker dresses in uncharacteristically racy negligee to perform at Mighty Hoopla festival Murder On The Dancefloor singer Making them green with envy! Cynthia Nixon, 51, cuts a chic figure in lime frock at Drama Desk Awards She wore a green and grey frock 'I'm not afraid': Ashley James heads to Might Hoopla festival in rock-chic attire... as she shares her defiance against London attack Bold display Louisa Johnson flashes her toned midriff in sporty cropped tee and TINY denim hotpants as she parties the day away at the Mighty Hoopla festival  Bra-vo: Fleur East steals show at London festival in very revealing red fishnet blouse and tartan kilt ensemble Former X Factor runner-up Holding on to her man! Makeup-free Milla Jovovich is chic in big glasses as she giggles with husband Paul W.S. Anderson Cute twosome Showing her stripes (and abs): Single Olivia Munn flaunts her impressive stomach in crop top at LAX Strutted into Los Angeles International Airport  Dirty girl! Emily Ratajkowski allows a female friend to put mud on her bare bottom during trip to hot springs while enjoying Italian vacation 'I've been crying so much today': Pregnant Erin McNaught reveals her 'overwhelming deep sadness' after the London terror attacks Overwhelming sadness Spencer Matthews enjoys a laidback weekend with friends... while his bikini-clad girlfriend Vogue Williams lives it up in Marbella Time apart Coronation Street's Brooke Vincent indulges in a cigarette and a glass of rosé as she celebrates her 25th birthday with a knees-up in Manchester Genetically blessed family! Fergie rocks all-black outfit as she and Josh Duhamel take son Axl, three, to church Out for a family day as a threesome Leggy Laura Whitmore looks festival-ready in a plunging blouse and tiny shorts at Mighty Hoopla event Dared to show off more skin Britain's got talent, but there wasn't much in the BGT final: Claudia Connell reviews last weekend's TV  Summed up Saturday night's lacklustre viewing 'First official pool day!': Katherine Heigl matches her swimsuit to her lawn umbrella as she enjoys a relaxing Sunday with husband Josh What happened to her lips? Khloe Kardashian shows off a massive pout as she stuns in Snapchat image taken in her car Plump pout Underwear-free Lindsay Lohan dazzles in a thigh-skimming gold dress as she celebrates socialite BFF Hofit Golan's birthday Commanding attention Back to the family! Scott Disick enjoys Calabasas outing with Mason and Penelope... after partying with bikini babes in Europe Reunited Dean Gaffney's, 39, girlfriend Rebekah Ward, 23, goes braless in a summer top as they head home from British Soap Awards after he teases his soap return Hoping to join her? Hailey Baldwin flaunts toned tum in an Adidas sports bra... days after gal pal Kendall Jenner is named brand ambassador 'Barn life': Kristin Cavallari slips into her Daisy Dukes as she takes her family to feed chickens in the country Three kids Camden Jaxon and Saylor She has a sizzling Ora! Rita sends the temperature soaring as she flaunts her cleavage and toned waist in skimpy bikinis for VERY saucy beachwear shoot That's a stretch! Bethenny Frankel, 46, bends over backwards while showing off fit bod in new yoga photo Real Housewives Of New York City star   Is that you, Seal? Sonia Kruger shares incredible flashback snap of the singer with dreadlocks before he shaved his head in 1994 Who's that guy? They made a pretty girl! Daughter of Eddie Murphy and Nicole looks stunning in white as she hits Women Of Excellence Awards Gala in LA 'I had so much anxiety': Kim Zolciak reveals coping with son's ferocious dog attack got to her as she takes her family on bikini vacation Pippa Middleton and James Matthews return to civilisation after three days spotting crocodiles and kangaroos at a 'luxury wild bush' resort on whirlwind honeymoon The one lesson I've learned from life: Singer Corinne Bailey Rae on why we should all help others more Grammy award-winning British singer Beyonce's daughter Blue Ivy 'will watch her mother give birth to twins so she doesn't feel left out' Want their five-year-old daughter Blue Ivy there SPOILER ALERT: Jack Branning breaks down as he prepares to give up stepson Matthew to Charlie Cotton as EastEnders tease sad farewell Cleaning up his act? Freshly shaven Tiger Woods is pictured for the first time since he was arrested for DUI while 'on four prescription pills' Rugby WAG Camilla Kerslake shows off her svelte figure in a pink and cream striped jumpsuit as she joins glamorous guests at restaurant event Back to school! Katie Holmes says she's 'excited' about having enrolled in Harvard University's Business Of Entertainment program Off-duty Lily Donaldson puts her feet up as she enjoys cocktails with a mystery male companion in Portofino A low key outing A hair-raising look! Gwen Stefani steps out in bizarre cropped trench coat with tulle finish for church trip with her kids Family time Hilar-ious: Hilary Duff rocks geek chic glasses while having a laugh with a friend after brunch in New York City The 29-year-old strolled with a friend Kendall Jenner reveals a little TOO much as she goes braless in a semi-sheer corset dress while strolling through New York Attention-grabbing Legs out for The Weeknd! Selena Gomez oozes sex appeal in two clingy thigh-skimming dresses as she enjoys night out in New York Third time's a charm? Dragon's Den star Duncan Bannatyne, 68, marries fiancee Nigora Whitehorn, 38, at intimate beach ceremony in Portugal Bonding time! Ashley Benson and Shay Mitchell match in black as they enjoy girls' night out with Pretty Little Liars creator while leaving a restaurant Keeping it brief! Leggy Kendall Jenner accidentally flashes her UNDERWEAR in leafy green mini-dress at star-studded Veuve Clicquot Polo Classic Siren... with a heart! Ariel Winter models white tank top as she speaks out against testing on animals She takes time out for causes she believes in 'Take a picture while we joking': Jay Z caught faking candid photo with Kevin Hart... but comedian insists 'it came out dope as hell' Staging a photo Yellow fever! Rhian Sugden puts on an eye-popping display in a tiny canary bikini in Turkey... and jokingly poses in belly dancing outfit with fiancé Oliver Mellor The morning after the night before: Make-up free Coronation Street star Lucy Fallon looks sheepish after looking worse for wear at British Soap Awards afterparty Spanish fashion designer David Delfin dies at age 46 after battle with cancer Delfin 'was one of the most charismatic designers in Spain' The graduate! Eva Longoria receives honorary degree from Knox College... then treats herself to a Dairy Queen dessert Honorary degree They could be sisters! Reese Witherspoon glows in floral dress as she poses next to 'best friend forever' Shannon Rotenberg Bright and beautiful  Ariana Grande's brother Frankie meets fans as he arrives at Old Trafford cricket ground ahead of the star-studded benefit concert in aid of Manchester terror attack victims Love is blind! Single KUWTK star Jonathan Cheban wears statement shirt in Beverly Hills after splitting from Anat Popovsky last year Mommy and me! Minnie Driver goes makeup-free with stylish hat as she takes her son Henry shopping in Malibu Family outing New father Shayne Ward goes arm-in-arm with girlfriend Sophie Austin at British Soap Awards five months after birth of their baby New parents Jacqueline Jossa and Dan Osborne are glued to their phones inside British Soap Awards... but Catherine Tyldesley and Faye Brookes can't stop gossiping 'It's been a heartbreaking time': Coronation Street actress Catherine Tyldesley pays tribute to the Manchester bombing victims with symbolic bee clutch bag Love Island's Olivia Buckland threatens to spill out of her skimpy bikini top... as she packs on the PDA with fiancé Alex Bowen during getaway to Cape Verde Not her usual style! Nicole Kidman wears a mustard yellow sports jersey as she watches a hockey match with husband Keith Urban PICTURE EXCLUSIVE Welcome to my world! Taylor Swift and Joe Alwyn enjoy their morning coffee as she takes him home to Nashville 'Missing my pink hair!': Kylie Jenner shares flashback photo with a snake... after sister Kendall possibly outed the teen as a smoker Raheem Sterling, 22, 'jetted off to Jamaica with model, 23, a day after taking teenage PC World worker back to his hotel after shisha bar date' Absolutely quacked! Guy Ritchie and Tom Hardy 'storm out of Chinese restaurant after they're denied Peking Duck dish'  Restaurant row Still going strong! Balthazar Getty poses with wife Rosetta and kids at Chrysalis Ball... as it's been nearly 10 years since Sienna Miller affair Happy anniversary! Lindsay Price and Curtis Stone beam at Chrysalis Ball as they prepare to celebrate four years of marriage Tied the knot in 2013 Eric Dane makes first public appearance after break to cope with depression as he joins wife Rebecca Gayheart and kids at Chrysalis Ball His biggest fan! Gavin Rossdale, 51, is supported by stunning new love interest Sophie Thomalla, 27, as he rocks out on stage in Las Vegas 'She has no idea how anyone got hold of them': Corrie's Kym Marsh 'upset and shocked after intimate photos were leaked online ahead of British Soap Awards triumph' 'We have spoken about it': Liam Payne, 23, reveals he and girlfriend Cheryl, 33, plan to expand family... as he admits fatherhood has 'changed' him Bust have been a good night! Scott Disick cuddles up to a topless beauty as he enjoys a raucous evening with woman number NINE during trip to London Catherine Tyldesley leads eye-popping style in sizzling slinky floor-length gown alongside Nikki Sanderson and Stephanie Waring at the British Soap Awards Pianist Tokio Myers is crowned the winner of BGT after being inspired to enter by 'big sister' Amy Winehouse... as he beats child magician Issy Simpson in final 'Deeply uncomfortable viewing': BGT viewers are outraged by child comic Ned Woodman, 9, as he savages the judges and stars in action-packed final  'Is she getting married?' BGT's Amanda Holden shocks viewers AGAIN with bridal inspired gown as Alesha Dixon puts on a VERY leggy display 'The money has gone to her head': Pirates of the Caribbean star Kaya Scodelario 'REFUSES to pay for sick grandmother in Brazil' Looking bow-tiful: Ashley James puts on a leggy display in a monochrome mini dress at the British Soap Awards after party Braless Lottie Moss shows off her model figure in a plunging floral knotted crop top and matching shorts as she lunches with her mother in Chelsea Geordie Shore star Marnie Simpson flashes her legs in a colourful minidress as she continues her book signing tour in Sheffield 'F*** them all': Alec Baldwin defends Kathy Griffin in a series of tweets and insists 'no one believes you intended to threaten Trump' 'Internet shopping like a self-pity fiend': Lena Dunham reveals how she's coping after endometriosis treatment as she's spotted in PAJAMAS Make-up free Chloe Khan shows off her plump pout as she strips off to flaunt her pert derriere during chilled out beach day in Barbados 'It's been incredible fun!' Thomas Cocquerel discusses playing the 'incredibly complex' Hollywood star Errol Flynn in new biopic Nothing but praise 'Today was a good day': Former Bachelorette Trista Sutter posts loved-up snap with husband Ryan after suffering a scary seizure in Croatia Looking good in her Blue Jeans! Lana Del Rey cuts a casual cool figure in black polo with skinny trousers while out in LA Emmerdale sweeps the board at the British Soap Awards 2017 with SIX gongs including Best Soap as EastEnders go home virtually empty handed 'I'm going home to my family': Katie Price looks shaken as she is escorted out of G-A-Y nightclub after cancelling performance in wake of London terror attack 'I don't give two ****s!' Defiant Tina Malone, 54, confirms surrogacy plans after revealing ambitions for third child... and she will CHOOSE the sex of baby Coronation star Lucy Fallon appears worse for wear following the British Soap Awards afterparty after losing out on Best Actress gong  Cher joins mourners as 'Ramblin Man' Greg Allman is laid to rest in the same cemetery he used to write songs 'She was standing there and I fell in love with her': Willie Aames reveals the incredible story of meeting his pen friend of 30 YEARS, Winnie Hung, who became his wife Richard Branson pays for hen party who were chucked off a flight because they were wearing 'B****es on tour' T-shirts to go on 'dream holiday' to Las Vegas David and Victoria Beckham are 'ripping out' their £5 million country estate... because 'the roof colours don't match' Princess Charlene exudes glamour in scarlet lipstick as she turns out to support Lycra-clad husband Prince Albert for water bike challenge in Nice Bradley Cooper and Irina Shayk leave the baby at home for a low-key date night in Santa Monica Issy Simpson, eight, scolds Ant McPartlin after he gets the magician's name wrong during Britain's Got Talent final 'My marriage was a Greek tragedy': Prince Charles's astonishing hand-written letters to Nancy Reagan reveal his anguish over his split from Diana  Prince Harry tucks into a traditional iftar feast of porridge and dates with young Singaporeans to celebrate the breaking of the fast during Ramadan Girl done good! Natalie Portman 'snaps up $6.5million four bedroom Santa Barbara mansion with 10.4 acres of land and stunning views of the Pacific' Lionel Richie's bassist Ethan Farmer 'hospitalised after he repeatedly stabbed himself following a horrific reaction to marijuana-filled snacks' Giggly Keri Russell glows in a summery peplum skirt and white top as she attends Polo event with long-term partner Matthew Rhys Heavily pregnant Chelsee Healey cradles her baby bump in clingy scarlet jumpsuit as she rocks the red carpet at the British Soap Awards 2017 Sealed with a kiss! Strictly champ Ore Oduba and his wife Portia pack on PDA as they can't keep their hands off each other at the British Soap Awards  Something getting you down? Eastenders actress Jacqueline Jossa looks stony-faced at the British Soap Awards afterparty with fiancé Dan Osborne Chained to the rhythm! Katy Perry will perform at The Voice Australia grand final as she returns Down Under for Witness concert tour Live shows have begun GIRL ABOUT TOWN: Pippa's new husband breaks with posh tradition by donning a wedding ring Unlike other high-society husbands Amy Childs shows off her slender post-baby body in chic blouse and skinny jeans as she cradles newborn baby Polly on morning stroll New mum 'Men and religion are worthless': Bette Midler speaks out as stars from Ariana Grande to Khloe Kardashian support London terror attack victims 'You just proved how powerful music is': Alesha Dixon bursts into tears as the Missing People Choir leave the judges overwhelmed in Britain's Got Talent final Girls' vacation! Kourtney Kardashian opens up her photo album as she shares flashback snaps from roadtrip with Kim and Khloe 'That's the fun part!' Beyonce's mom Tina Knowles buys her grandchildren 'drum sets'... to 'get my kids back' Tearful Kym Marsh dedicates her Best Female Dramatic Performance win at the British Soap Awards 2017 to her late son Archie  'This one's for you, angel': Zoe Ball returns to Radio 2 for the first time since her lover was found dead by dedicating to him the song Do I Love You (Indeed I Do) 'You're in with a shot tonight': Simon Cowell praises MerseyGirls as they wow at BGT final... and confirms he'll fund £78,000 life-changing spine surgery for teen dancer Julia Carlile Khloe Kardashian's Good American fashion line hits back at accusations from independent designer that reality star copied her work Stunning in Soho! Selena Gomez shows off her toned stomach in a crop top and high-waisted jeans as she spends the day with friends Who is Ruairi Luke? Meet the busty Australian model who was spotted partying TOPLESS with Scott Disick and another man on a London balcony in the early hours  Stunning in silver! Halle Berry, 50, wows in sequined dress with matching jacket for the Chrysalis Butterfly Ball The diet worked! Molly Sims flaunts her svelte frame on date night after ten-week bikini after baby plan Just do it! Bella Hadid embraces a sporty look as she flaunts her midriff in Nike sports bra with coordinating bottoms Top of the crops Busted! Kendall Jenner shares photo of sister Kylie holding a cigarette while bragging about photography skills The 21-year-old stunner is enjoying life GIRL ABOUT TOWN: Lady Mary partied so hard at Noel Gallagher's epic 50th birthday party she has been bedridden ever since It was a two-day rave Who IS the murderer on the Orient Express? The line-up of suspects from the new eagerly anticipated film based on Agatha Christie's novel Coronation Street's Lucy Fallon dazzles in a plunging peach gown at Soap Awards... after leaving Corrie viewers 'heartbroken' with grooming storyline 'Brunettes have fun too!' Paris Hilton ditches her blonde locks for a brown wig as she plays dress up on Snapchat She switched up her game 'No hair, no makeup, no nothing': Jennifer Lopez, 47, looks half her age in bare-faced glimpse at her pre-show ritual Natural Shop til you drop! Sofia Vergara looks effortlessly elegant in slim floral pants as she hits the shops in Beverly Hills Broadway star Laura Bell Bundy marries longtime love Thom Hinkle in country themed nuptials at horse track Head Start to Home Cooked Get Recipes more Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Contributors Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 3 June 2017 by Maciej Heyman Dynavax Presents Updated Data for SD-101 in Combination with KEYTRUDA(R) (pembrolizumab) Highlighting an ORR in 7 out of 7 Patients Naive to an Anti-PD-1 or Anti-PD-L1 Therapy /EINPresswire.com/ — BERKELEY, CA–(Marketwired – June 02, 2017) – Dynavax Technologies Corporation (NASDAQ: DVAX) announced the presentation of findings in patients with metastatic melanoma in the dose escalation phase of an ongoing Phase 1b/2 study investigating SD-101, Dynavax’s intratumoral TLR9 agonist, in combination with KEYTRUDA® (pembrolizumab), an anti-PD-1 therapy developed by Merck, known as MSD outside the United States and Canada. Results evaluating 19 patients for efficacy and 22 patients for safety were presented in a poster at the 2017 American Society of Clinical Oncology Annual Meeting in Chicago: In 7 anti-PD-1/L1-naïve patients, SD-101 used in combination with KEYTRUDA resulted in an overall response rate (ORR) of 100%, with a complete response (CR) rate of 29%. This is a meaningful increase over use of KEYTRUDA alone, which has already shown a 33% ORR, with a 6% CR.(1) In 12 patients with advanced (stage IIIc/IV) melanoma who had previously failed on anti-PD-1 treatment, introduction of SD-101 resulted in tumor shrinkage in 42% of patients, with 17% having a partial response (PR), indicating an anti-tumor immune response generated by SD-101. The combination of SD-101 and KEYTRUDA in this study, mobilized both innate and adaptive immune response in study participants. Tumor shrinkage was observed in non-injected visceral lesions. „Having 7 out of 7 patients naïve to anti-PD-1/L1 treatment responding is very encouraging,” said Antoni Ribas, M.D., Ph.D., of the Jonsson Comprehensive Cancer Center at the University of California, Los Angeles, and lead investigator. „These results are supported by tumor shrinkage in patients who had previously progressed on anti-PD-1 treatment and by confirmatory laboratory biomarker assessments in tumor biopsies. If these clinical results are sustained in the ongoing trial, this combination, which mobilizes both innate and adaptive immune responses in patients, could represent an important advancement in immuno-oncology.” SD-101 in combination with KEYTRUDA generally was well-tolerated. No dose-limiting toxicities of the combination were observed in any dose cohort, and a maximum tolerated dose (MTD) was not identified. The most common treatment-emergent adverse events were injection site reactions and transient grade 1 to 2 flu-like symptoms, including fever, chills and myalgia. The study also includes biomarker assessments, suggesting that treatment with SD-101 and KEYTRUDA resulted in increased tumor-infiltrating lymphocytes and decreased Th2 in tumor biopsies, consistent with induction of an antitumor immune response. About MEL-01 (KEYNOTE-184) The dose-escalation and expansion study of SD-101 in combination with KEYTRUDA includes patients with histologically or cytologically confirmed unresectable Stage IIIc/IV melanoma. The primary endpoints of the trial are MTD and evaluation of the safety of intratumoral SD-101 in combination with KEYTRUDA. In addition, the trial is investigating response as assessed by the investigator according to RECIST v1.1, biomarker assessments and duration of response. Patients previously treated with anti-PD-1 and other immunotherapies are included. About SD-101 SD-101 is Dynavax’s proprietary, second-generation, Toll-like receptor 9 (TLR9) agonist CpG-C class oligodeoxynucleotide. SD-101 is being studied for its multiple anti-tumor activities in innate immune cells and activation of plasmacytoid dendritic cells to stimulate T cells specific for antigens released from dying tumor cells. TLR9 agonists such as SD-101 enhance T and B cell responses and provide potent Type 1 interferon induction and maturation of plasmacytoid dendritic cells to antigen-presenting cells. SD-101 is being evaluated in several Phase 1/2 oncology studies to assess its safety and activity. For information about SD-101 trials that are currently recruiting patients, please visit www.clinicaltrials.gov. About Dynavax Dynavax is a clinical-stage immunology company focused on leveraging the power of the body’s innate and adaptive immune responses through toll-like receptor (TLR) stimulation. Dynavax is developing product candidates for use in multiple cancer indications, as a vaccine for the prevention of hepatitis B and as a disease modifying therapy for asthma. Dynavax’s lead product candidates are SD-101, an investigational cancer immunotherapeutic currently in Phase 1/2 studies, and HEPLISAV-B, a Phase 3 investigational adult hepatitis B vaccine. For more information, visit www.dynavax.com. Forward-Looking Statements This press release contains „forward-looking” statements, including expectations for the conduct and timing of clinical trials of SD-101. Actual results may differ materially from those set forth in this press release due to the risks and uncertainties inherent in our business, including whether we can timely provide adequate clinical supplies; initiation, enrollment and completion of clinical trials of SD-101; the results of clinical trials and the impact of those results on the initiation or continuation of subsequent trials and issues arising in the regulatory process; the ability to successfully develop and commercialize SD-101; and whether or not Dynavax and parties with whom we are collaborating may reach any future agreement on further studies or a more extensive collaboration beyond the clinical trials contemplated under the existing agreements, as well as other risks detailed in the „Risk Factors” section of our current periodic reports with the SEC. We undertake no obligation to revise or update information herein to reflect events or circumstances in the future, even if new information becomes available. Information on Dynavax’s website at www.dynavax.com is not incorporated by reference in our current periodic reports with the SEC. KEYTRUDA is a registered trademark of Merck Sharp & Dohme Corp., a subsidiary of Merck & Co., Inc. (1) Keytruda.com https://www.keytruda.com/hcp/melanoma/efficacy-of-keytruda/ CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious OSAI To Exhibit Latest CNC Control and Software at AWFS Show – Booth 8846 Next PostNext Brookfield Real Assets Income Fund Inc. Changes to Portfolio Management Team and Monthly Distribution Declaration Search Recent Posts Ion Exchange Resins Market expected to grow at a CAGR of 5.4% from 2016 – 2026 Asia-Pacific STV Stevia Market Research Report 2017 to 2022 Global Methionine Market Analysis- Size, Share, overview, scope, Revenue, Gross Margin, Segment and Forecast 2017 IBM Research Alliance Builds New Transistor for 5nm Technology Mobile Phone Accessories Market will reach at a CAGR of 6.9% from 2015 to 2025 Business Directory Business Contacts Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 3 June 2017 by Maciej Heyman Swine Healthcare Market 2017 – Zoetis, Merck, Virbac, Vetoquinol, Merial (Sanofi), Elanco (Eli Lilly) Chicago, IL — (SBWIRE) — 06/02/2017 — Market Research Report on Swine Healthcare Market 2017 is a professional and in-depth study on the current state of the Swine Healthcare worldwide. First of all, ” Global Swine Healthcare Market 2017 ” report provides a basic overview of the Swine Healthcare industry including definitions, classifications, applications and Swine Healthcare industry chain structure. Major Companies Covered in this report:- Zoetis Merck Merial (Sanofi) Elanco (Eli Lilly) Bayer Animal Health Boehringer Ingelheim Novartis Animal Health Virbac Ceva Sante Animale Vetoquinol Get Sample Copy Of Report @ http://www.apexresearch.biz/global-swine-healthcare-market-research-report-2017/#ert_pane1-3 The analysis is provided for the Swine Healthcare international market including development history, Swine Healthcare industry competitive landscape analysis. After that, Swine Healthcare industry development policies as well as plans are discussed and manufacturing processes as well as cost structures for Swine Healthcare market. This report „Worldwide Swine Healthcare Market 2017” also states import/export, supply and consumption figures and Swine Healthcare market cost, price, revenue and Swine Healthcare market’s gross margin by regions (United States, EU, China and Japan), as well as other regions can be added in Swine Healthcare Market area. Then, the report focuses on worldwide Swine Healthcare market key players with information such as company profiles with product picture as well as specification. Enquiry Here @ http://www.apexresearch.biz/global-swine-healthcare-market-research-report-2017/#ert_pane1-2 Related information to Swine Healthcare market- capacity, production, price, cost, revenue and contact information. Aslo includes Swine Healthcare industry’s – Upstream raw materials, equipment and downstream consumers analysis is also carried out. What’s more, the Swine Healthcare market development trends and Swine Healthcare industry marketing channels are analyzed. Finally, „worldwide Swine Healthcare market” Analysis- feasibility of new investment projects is assessed, and overall research conclusions are offered. CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious MOVIT Closes $150,200 Private Placement Next PostNext Synthetic Zeolite Market 2017 – Honeywell International, Inc., BASF SE, Zeolyst, Zeochem AG, Clariant AG Search Recent Posts Global Electric parking brake Market Analysis: Coverage of Major and Niche Players with Five Forces Analysis Forecast To 2020 Worldwide Drum Brake Market Report 2020: Latest Industrial Research with Competitive Scenario and Significant Growth Opportunities New Report Exploring Disc Brake Market Development Overview 2020: Comprehensive Geographic Coverage, Research Methodology and Growth Inhibitors CNG Vehicles Market Research Report Details: Emerging Economies Responsible To Drive Future Demand Across the World Global Outlook of Polydextrose Consumption Market: A Comprehensive Industry Overview with Latest Innovations and Trends Forecast 2020 Business Directory Business Contacts Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 2 June 2017 by Maciej Heyman Dynavax Presents Updated Data for SD-101 in Combination with KEYTRUDA(R) (pembrolizumab) Highlighting an ORR in 7 out of 7 Patients Naive to an Anti-PD-1 or Anti-PD-L1 Therapy Data Presented at 2017 American Society of Clinical Oncology (ASCO) Annual Meeting BERKELEY, CA–(Marketwired – June 02, 2017) – Dynavax Technologies Corporation (NASDAQ: DVAX) announced the presentation of findings in patients with metastatic melanoma in the dose escalation phase of an ongoing Phase 1b/2 study investigating SD-101, Dynavax’s intratumoral TLR9 agonist, in combination with KEYTRUDA® (pembrolizumab), an anti-PD-1 therapy developed by Merck, known as MSD outside the United States and Canada. Results evaluating 19 patients for efficacy and 22 patients for safety were presented in a poster at the 2017 American Society of Clinical Oncology Annual Meeting in Chicago: In 7 anti-PD-1/L1-naïve patients, SD-101 used in combination with KEYTRUDA resulted in an overall response rate (ORR) of 100%, with a complete response (CR) rate of 29%. This is a meaningful increase over use of KEYTRUDA alone, which has already shown a 33% ORR, with a 6% CR.(1) In 12 patients with advanced (stage IIIc/IV) melanoma who had previously failed on anti-PD-1 treatment, introduction of SD-101 resulted in tumor shrinkage in 42% of patients, with 17% having a partial response (PR), indicating an anti-tumor immune response generated by SD-101. The combination of SD-101 and KEYTRUDA in this study, mobilized both innate and adaptive immune response in study participants. Tumor shrinkage was observed in non-injected visceral lesions. „Having 7 out of 7 patients naïve to anti-PD-1/L1 treatment responding is very encouraging,” said Antoni Ribas, M.D., Ph.D., of the Jonsson Comprehensive Cancer Center at the University of California, Los Angeles, and lead investigator. „These results are supported by tumor shrinkage in patients who had previously progressed on anti-PD-1 treatment and by confirmatory laboratory biomarker assessments in tumor biopsies. If these clinical results are sustained in the ongoing trial, this combination, which mobilizes both innate and adaptive immune responses in patients, could represent an important advancement in immuno-oncology.” SD-101 in combination with KEYTRUDA generally was well-tolerated. No dose-limiting toxicities of the combination were observed in any dose cohort, and a maximum tolerated dose (MTD) was not identified. The most common treatment-emergent adverse events were injection site reactions and transient grade 1 to 2 flu-like symptoms, including fever, chills and myalgia. The study also includes biomarker assessments, suggesting that treatment with SD-101 and KEYTRUDA resulted in increased tumor-infiltrating lymphocytes and decreased Th2 in tumor biopsies, consistent with induction of an antitumor immune response. About MEL-01 (KEYNOTE-184) The dose-escalation and expansion study of SD-101 in combination with KEYTRUDA includes patients with histologically or cytologically confirmed unresectable Stage IIIc/IV melanoma. The primary endpoints of the trial are MTD and evaluation of the safety of intratumoral SD-101 in combination with KEYTRUDA. In addition, the trial is investigating response as assessed by the investigator according to RECIST v1.1, biomarker assessments and duration of response. Patients previously treated with anti-PD-1 and other immunotherapies are included. About SD-101 SD-101 is Dynavax’s proprietary, second-generation, Toll-like receptor 9 (TLR9) agonist CpG-C class oligodeoxynucleotide. SD-101 is being studied for its multiple anti-tumor activities in innate immune cells and activation of plasmacytoid dendritic cells to stimulate T cells specific for antigens released from dying tumor cells. TLR9 agonists such as SD-101 enhance T and B cell responses and provide potent Type 1 interferon induction and maturation of plasmacytoid dendritic cells to antigen-presenting cells. SD-101 is being evaluated in several Phase 1/2 oncology studies to assess its safety and activity. For information about SD-101 trials that are currently recruiting patients, please visit www.clinicaltrials.gov. About Dynavax Dynavax is a clinical-stage immunology company focused on leveraging the power of the body’s innate and adaptive immune responses through toll-like receptor (TLR) stimulation. Dynavax is developing product candidates for use in multiple cancer indications, as a vaccine for the prevention of hepatitis B and as a disease modifying therapy for asthma. Dynavax’s lead product candidates are SD-101, an investigational cancer immunotherapeutic currently in Phase 1/2 studies, and HEPLISAV-B, a Phase 3 investigational adult hepatitis B vaccine. For more information, visit www.dynavax.com. Forward-Looking Statements This press release contains „forward-looking” statements, including expectations for the conduct and timing of clinical trials of SD-101. Actual results may differ materially from those set forth in this press release due to the risks and uncertainties inherent in our business, including whether we can timely provide adequate clinical supplies; initiation, enrollment and completion of clinical trials of SD-101; the results of clinical trials and the impact of those results on the initiation or continuation of subsequent trials and issues arising in the regulatory process; the ability to successfully develop and commercialize SD-101; and whether or not Dynavax and parties with whom we are collaborating may reach any future agreement on further studies or a more extensive collaboration beyond the clinical trials contemplated under the existing agreements, as well as other risks detailed in the „Risk Factors” section of our current periodic reports with the SEC. We undertake no obligation to revise or update information herein to reflect events or circumstances in the future, even if new information becomes available. Information on Dynavax’s website at www.dynavax.com is not incorporated by reference in our current periodic reports with the SEC. KEYTRUDA is a registered trademark of Merck Sharp & Dohme Corp., a subsidiary of Merck & Co., Inc. (1) Keytruda.com https://www.keytruda.com/hcp/melanoma/efficacy-of-keytruda/ CategoriesUncategorized TagsNASDAQ:DVAX Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Global Motor and Generator Manufacturing Market Briefing 2017; New Report Launched Next PostNext Dynavax Presents Updated Data for SD-101 in Combination with KEYTRUDA(R) (pembrolizumab) Highlighting an ORR in 7 out of 7 Patients Naive to an Anti-PD-1 or Anti-PD-L1 Therapy Search Recent Posts Ion Exchange Resins Market expected to grow at a CAGR of 5.4% from 2016 – 2026 Asia-Pacific STV Stevia Market Research Report 2017 to 2022 Global Methionine Market Analysis- Size, Share, overview, scope, Revenue, Gross Margin, Segment and Forecast 2017 IBM Research Alliance Builds New Transistor for 5nm Technology Mobile Phone Accessories Market will reach at a CAGR of 6.9% from 2015 to 2025 Business Directory Business Contacts Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 2 June 2017 by Maciej Heyman Dynavax Presents Updated Data for SD-101 in Combination with KEYTRUDA(R) (pembrolizumab) Highlighting an ORR in 7 out of 7 Patients Naive to an Anti-PD-1 or Anti-PD-L1 Therapy Data Presented at 2017 American Society of Clinical Oncology (ASCO) Annual Meeting BERKELEY, CA–(Marketwired – June 02, 2017) – Dynavax Technologies Corporation (NASDAQ: DVAX) announced the presentation of findings in patients with metastatic melanoma in the dose escalation phase of an ongoing Phase 1b/2 study investigating SD-101, Dynavax’s intratumoral TLR9 agonist, in combination with KEYTRUDA® (pembrolizumab), an anti-PD-1 therapy developed by Merck, known as MSD outside the United States and Canada. Results evaluating 19 patients for efficacy and 22 patients for safety were presented in a poster at the 2017 American Society of Clinical Oncology Annual Meeting in Chicago: In 7 anti-PD-1/L1-naïve patients, SD-101 used in combination with KEYTRUDA resulted in an overall response rate (ORR) of 100%, with a complete response (CR) rate of 29%. This is a meaningful increase over use of KEYTRUDA alone, which has already shown a 33% ORR, with a 6% CR.(1) In 12 patients with advanced (stage IIIc/IV) melanoma who had previously failed on anti-PD-1 treatment, introduction of SD-101 resulted in tumor shrinkage in 42% of patients, with 17% having a partial response (PR), indicating an anti-tumor immune response generated by SD-101. The combination of SD-101 and KEYTRUDA in this study, mobilized both innate and adaptive immune response in study participants. Tumor shrinkage was observed in non-injected visceral lesions. „Having 7 out of 7 patients naïve to anti-PD-1/L1 treatment responding is very encouraging,” said Antoni Ribas, M.D., Ph.D., of the Jonsson Comprehensive Cancer Center at the University of California, Los Angeles, and lead investigator. „These results are supported by tumor shrinkage in patients who had previously progressed on anti-PD-1 treatment and by confirmatory laboratory biomarker assessments in tumor biopsies. If these clinical results are sustained in the ongoing trial, this combination, which mobilizes both innate and adaptive immune responses in patients, could represent an important advancement in immuno-oncology.” SD-101 in combination with KEYTRUDA generally was well-tolerated. No dose-limiting toxicities of the combination were observed in any dose cohort, and a maximum tolerated dose (MTD) was not identified. The most common treatment-emergent adverse events were injection site reactions and transient grade 1 to 2 flu-like symptoms, including fever, chills and myalgia. The study also includes biomarker assessments, suggesting that treatment with SD-101 and KEYTRUDA resulted in increased tumor-infiltrating lymphocytes and decreased Th2 in tumor biopsies, consistent with induction of an antitumor immune response. About MEL-01 (KEYNOTE-184) The dose-escalation and expansion study of SD-101 in combination with KEYTRUDA includes patients with histologically or cytologically confirmed unresectable Stage IIIc/IV melanoma. The primary endpoints of the trial are MTD and evaluation of the safety of intratumoral SD-101 in combination with KEYTRUDA. In addition, the trial is investigating response as assessed by the investigator according to RECIST v1.1, biomarker assessments and duration of response. Patients previously treated with anti-PD-1 and other immunotherapies are included. About SD-101 SD-101 is Dynavax’s proprietary, second-generation, Toll-like receptor 9 (TLR9) agonist CpG-C class oligodeoxynucleotide. SD-101 is being studied for its multiple anti-tumor activities in innate immune cells and activation of plasmacytoid dendritic cells to stimulate T cells specific for antigens released from dying tumor cells. TLR9 agonists such as SD-101 enhance T and B cell responses and provide potent Type 1 interferon induction and maturation of plasmacytoid dendritic cells to antigen-presenting cells. SD-101 is being evaluated in several Phase 1/2 oncology studies to assess its safety and activity. For information about SD-101 trials that are currently recruiting patients, please visit www.clinicaltrials.gov. About Dynavax Dynavax is a clinical-stage immunology company focused on leveraging the power of the body’s innate and adaptive immune responses through toll-like receptor (TLR) stimulation. Dynavax is developing product candidates for use in multiple cancer indications, as a vaccine for the prevention of hepatitis B and as a disease modifying therapy for asthma. Dynavax’s lead product candidates are SD-101, an investigational cancer immunotherapeutic currently in Phase 1/2 studies, and HEPLISAV-B, a Phase 3 investigational adult hepatitis B vaccine. For more information, visit www.dynavax.com. Forward-Looking Statements This press release contains „forward-looking” statements, including expectations for the conduct and timing of clinical trials of SD-101. Actual results may differ materially from those set forth in this press release due to the risks and uncertainties inherent in our business, including whether we can timely provide adequate clinical supplies; initiation, enrollment and completion of clinical trials of SD-101; the results of clinical trials and the impact of those results on the initiation or continuation of subsequent trials and issues arising in the regulatory process; the ability to successfully develop and commercialize SD-101; and whether or not Dynavax and parties with whom we are collaborating may reach any future agreement on further studies or a more extensive collaboration beyond the clinical trials contemplated under the existing agreements, as well as other risks detailed in the „Risk Factors” section of our current periodic reports with the SEC. We undertake no obligation to revise or update information herein to reflect events or circumstances in the future, even if new information becomes available. Information on Dynavax’s website at www.dynavax.com is not incorporated by reference in our current periodic reports with the SEC. KEYTRUDA is a registered trademark of Merck Sharp & Dohme Corp., a subsidiary of Merck & Co., Inc. (1) Keytruda.com https://www.keytruda.com/hcp/melanoma/efficacy-of-keytruda/ CategoriesUncategorized TagsNASDAQ:DVAX Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Dynavax Presents Updated Data for SD-101 in Combination with KEYTRUDA(R) (pembrolizumab) Highlighting an ORR in 7 out of 7 Patients Naive to an Anti-PD-1 or Anti-PD-L1 Therapy Next PostNext Gazprom and Siemens address cooperation progress and prospects Search Recent Posts Ion Exchange Resins Market expected to grow at a CAGR of 5.4% from 2016 – 2026 Asia-Pacific STV Stevia Market Research Report 2017 to 2022 Global Methionine Market Analysis- Size, Share, overview, scope, Revenue, Gross Margin, Segment and Forecast 2017 IBM Research Alliance Builds New Transistor for 5nm Technology Mobile Phone Accessories Market will reach at a CAGR of 6.9% from 2015 to 2025 Business Directory Business Contacts Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Proudly powered by WordPress
24/7 Wall St. - Insightful Analysis and Commentary for U.S. and Global Equity Investors Search this site Business Aerospace & Defense Autos Banking & Finance Commodities & Metals Consumer Products Energy Healthcare Industrials Infrastructure Media Retail Services Technology Apps & Software Consumer Electronics Telecom & Wireless Apple Inc. Facebook Google Investing Analyst Upgrades Bankruptcy Buffett Corporate Governance Corporate Performance Dividends and Buybacks Earnings ETFs and Mutual Funds International Markets IPOs and Secondaries Mergers and Acquisitions Personal Finance Rumors Value Investing Economy Energy Government Regulation Healthcare Housing Jobs Special Report Brands and Products Cities Countries States 15 Companies Bracing for Big ASCO Reactions By Chris Lange June 2, 2017 1:35 pm EDT Print Email Tweet This year marks the 53rd Annual Meeting for the American Society of Clinical Oncology (ASCO), where biotech and pharmaceutical companies will descend on Chicago for a five-day all-out conference (June 2 to 6) on the development of cancer treatments. This is known as the world’s largest clinical cancer conference and it always delivers new results on clinical trials and updated treatments in the field. Not to mention, this conference has the potential to make or break companies in the space, depending on their results. The theme for this year’s conference is making a difference in cancer care with you, which puts emphasis on a more personalized method of treating cancer. This year is expected to see over 30,000 attendees counting among them the world’s best oncologists, researchers and scientists. Many of the abstracts for ASCO have already been released and stocks have moved in anticipation. However, there are still more abstracts that will be released the day of the presentation. 24/7 Wall St. takes a look at the ASCO annual meeting each year and picks out the companies that could have the biggest boom or bust at the conference. Merck & Co. Inc. (NYSE: MRK) is reporting more data on executing on I-O/chemo, and an update on the progress with Keytruda+IDO. Data from Keytruda in combination with epacodastat from Incyte Corp. (NASDAQ: INCY) could be compelling from the Incyte perspective. Keytruda is used in immunotherapy across multiple cancer designations. This particular partnership is being investigated in patients across five tumor types: metastatic melanoma, non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC), bladder cancer, renal cell carcinoma and squamous cell carcinoma of the head and neck. Shares of Merck were trading at $65.21 on Friday, in a 52-week range of $55.10 to $66.80 and with a consensus analyst price target of $69.30. Over the course of the past month, the stock has risen 4%. Incyte shares were last seen at $130.06. The stock has a consensus price target of $146.60 and a 52-week range of $71.75 to $153.15. Over the past month, the stock is up 5%. AbbVie Inc. (NYSE: ABBV) focused on ABT-414 in its abstract, and according to analysts early data looks promising, but they are curious for the update that concerns side effects. ABT-414 is designed to be stable in the bloodstream and only release the potent cytotoxic agent once inside targeted cancer cells. In this case it is targeting glioblastoma or malignant tumors affecting the brain or spine. AbbVie shares were trading at $66.93. The 52-week range is $55.06 to $68.12, and the consensus price target is $72.28. Over the past month, the stock has stayed relatively flat. Eli Lilly and Co. (NYSE: LLY) will be presenting further details on abemaciclib with the MONARCH-2 data in abstract 1000. This study looked at abemaciclib in combination with fulvestrant in patients with HR+/HER2- advanced breast cancer who had progressed on prior endocrine therapy. Shares were trading at $80.43, with a consensus price target of $89.10 and a 52-week range of $64.18 to $86.72. Over the past month, the stock has dropped a little more than 1%. Bristol-Myers Squibb Co. (NYSE: BMY) is looking to provide an update on the Opdibo+Yervoy combination. The abstract given by the company focuses on longer-term follow up from the high-profile combination of Opdivo plus Yervoy from the CheckMate-012 study in 1L NSCLC. The efficacy data in the abstract, however, is essentially the same as last year, with updated data to come at the presentation. Shares were trading at $54.75, with a 52-week range of $46.01 to $77.12 and a consensus price target of $57.18. Over the past month, the stock has dropped 2%. 24/7 Wall St. 7 Speculative Biotech and Pharma Stocks That Could Still Double (or More) Regeneron Pharmaceuticals Inc. (NASDAQ: REGN) and Sanofi (NYSE: SNY) are expected to give out an extended cut of data from REGN2810, which focuses on the treatment of advanced cutaneous squamous cell carcinoma, or in simpler terms skin cancer. The company plans to begin its Phase 3 in NSCLC in the second half, as well as into a registrational study in this rare skin cancer. Shares of Regeneron were trading at $482.55, in a 52-week range of $325.35 to $483.28. The consensus price target is $441.05. Over the past month, the stock has risen 20%. Sanofi shares recently traded at $50.11, with a 52-week range of $36.81 to $50.24 and a consensus analyst target of $51.75. Over past month, the stock has risen 4%. Pages: 1/2 « Why Paris Climate Accord Market Reactions in Coal, Solar, Renewables and Oil Look Upside Down Apps Developers Have Scored $70 Billion From Apple » Read more: Healthcare Business, biotech, featured, healthcare, pharmaceuticals, AbbVie Inc. (NYSE:ABBV), Bristol-Myers Squibb Co. (NYSE:BMY), Incyte Corp (NASDAQ:INCY), Eli Lilly & Co. (NYSE:LLY), Merck & Co., Inc. (NYSE:MRK), Regeneron Pharmaceuticals, Inc... (NASDAQ:REGN), Sanofi (ADR) (NYSE:SNY) Free Daily Newsletter Subscribe Terms & Conditions Sponsors Popular Cities Americans Are Abandoning The Most and Least Reliable Car in Each Class Cities Where Crime Is Soaring The Drunkest (and Driest) Cities in America The Most Dangerous City in Every State Recent “Wonder Woman” Hits $100 Million, Record For Female Director Analysts Find Gold, Dross in Retail Stocks IPOs This Week: ShotSpotter Headlines Limited Action Chinese Admit Cars Are Major Source Of Air Pollution Get Quote for: Symbol Lookup Search 11 Million Americans Are Making This Huge Money Mistake 1 Important Portfolio Checkup You Need to Do in 2017 An Apple Inc. Supplier Seems to Confirm the iPhone 8 Delay Prime Minister Theresa May: London incidents to be treated as terror incidents Dow, S&P 500 end up 0.3%; Nasdaq Composite closes up 0.9% Nasdaq logs a 1.5% weekly return Does the Stock Market Care About the Paris Climate Deal? American Express (AXP) Gains Exclusive Card Deal for Hilton Bank Stock Roundup: Weak Q2 Trading Outlook Raises Concern, BofA & Citi in Focus Sears says some Kmart customer credit card numbers compromised US energy chief reassures Japan of commitment to environment Warren Buffett's annual lunch auction starts Sunday evening 'Wonder Woman' Shatters Box Office With Biggest Female Director Opening. Ever. SpaceX Launches First Recycled Cargo Ship Into Orbit A New Bill Would Protect Immigrant Farmworkers. It Has Little Chance Of Survival. Home About Us Disclaimer and Terms of Use Privacy Policy Contact Us Advertise AOL-HuffPost Money & Finance ©2017 24/7 Wall St. | Powered by WordPress.com VIP
Latest News Dow 21,206 +62.11 +0.29% Nasdaq 6,306 +58.97 +0.94% S&P 500 2,439 +9.01 +0.37% 12:38 A.M. ET Updated Saudi Arabia, Bahrain, UAE sever diplomatic relations with Qatar 6/04 Updated Asian markets hold steady, shaking off U.K. tensions 6/04 Updated Herbalife to lower its quarterly sales outlook: report 6/04 Vladimir Putin was being a troll and Megyn Kelly wasn’t having it 6/04 Top Democrat says there’s smoke, but ‘no smoking gun’ yet in Russia probe 6/04 Updated This is why baby boomers are divorcing at a stunning rate 6/04 Putin denies U.S. election meddling, says he barely met Mike Flynn 6/04 Updated 4 lifestyle changes to reduce your cancer risk 6/04 Updated 9 secrets to staying young 6/04 Updated How to get all Americans to save for retirement 6/04 Updated When does the five-year rule apply to Roth IRAs? 6/04 Updated Facebook aims to be ‘hostile environment for terrorists’ 6/04 Updated You’ve probably never heard of the fastest-growing job in America (clue: it helps the environment) 6/04 Updated U.S. households now have as much debt as they had in 2008 6/04 Updated Baby boomers ruined America, according to this Generation X author 6/04 Updated Teenage boys and girls are choosing very different careers 6/04 Updated More evidence student debt is making young people think twice about marriage 6/04 Updated 11 ways to build a Paris climate change accord — in your own community 6/04 Updated Is my golfing buddy the cheapest guy in America? He asked me to Venmo him $1.50 6/04 Updated Want to help the environment? Use solar power — without putting panels on your roof Log In Home News Viewer Video SectorWatch Podcasts First Take Games Portfolio My MarketWatch News Viewer Markets U.S. Europe/Middle East Emerging Markets Asia Canada SectorWatch Columns Market Snapshot Movers & Shakers The Tell Currencies Futures Movers Pre-Market News Tools Earnings Wall Markets Overview IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar Currency Tools Futures Contracts Market Screener Hulbert Interactive Investing Stocks Mutual Funds ETFs Options Bonds Commodities Currencies Futures Financial Adviser Center Hedge Funds/Insider Trades Getting Started MarketWatch Adviser Columns Options Trader Revolution Investing Tools Stock Screener Funds Finder ETF Screener Options Screener IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar More... Personal Finance 10 Things Big Spender Real Estate Spending & Saving Taxes Columns The Moneyologist Brett Arends Bill Bischoff Amy Hoak Chuck Jaffe Jennifer Openshaw Jennifer Waters Tools Funds Finder Today's Rates Retirement Retire Here, Not There Encore Taxes How-to Guides Social Security Estate Planning Events Columns Robert Powell's Retirement Portfolio Andrea Coombes's Working Retirement Tools Retirement Planner How long will my money last? Economy Federal Reserve Capitol Report Economic Report Columns Darrell Delamaide Irwin Kellner Rex Nutting Tools Economic Calendar Real Estate realtor.com My MarketWatch Watchlist Alerts Games Log In Home Press Release Dynavax Presents Updated Data for SD-101 in Combination with KEYTRUDA(R) (pembrolizumab) Highlighting an ORR in 7 out of 7 Patients Naive to an Anti-PD-1 or Anti-PD-L1 Therapy By Published: June 2, 2017 4:01 p.m. ET Share Jun 02, 2017 (Marketwired via COMTEX) -- Data Presented at 2017 American Society of Clinical Oncology (ASCO) Annual Meeting BERKELEY, CA--(Marketwired - June 02, 2017) - Dynavax Technologies Corporation DVAX, +4.42% announced the presentation of findings in patients with metastatic melanoma in the dose escalation phase of an ongoing Phase 1b/2 study investigating SD-101, Dynavax's intratumoral TLR9 agonist, in combination with KEYTRUDA® (pembrolizumab), an anti-PD-1 therapy developed by Merck, known as MSD outside the United States and Canada. Results evaluating 19 patients for efficacy and 22 patients for safety were presented in a poster at the 2017 American Society of Clinical Oncology Annual Meeting in Chicago: In 7 anti-PD-1/L1-naïve patients, SD-101 used in combination with KEYTRUDA resulted in an overall response rate (ORR) of 100%, with a complete response (CR) rate of 29%. This is a meaningful increase over use of KEYTRUDA alone, which has already shown a 33% ORR, with a 6% CR.(1) In 12 patients with advanced (stage IIIc/IV) melanoma who had previously failed on anti-PD-1 treatment, introduction of SD-101 resulted in tumor shrinkage in 42% of patients, with 17% having a partial response (PR), indicating an anti-tumor immune response generated by SD-101. The combination of SD-101 and KEYTRUDA in this study, mobilized both innate and adaptive immune response in study participants. Tumor shrinkage was observed in non-injected visceral lesions. "Having 7 out of 7 patients naïve to anti-PD-1/L1 treatment responding is very encouraging," said Antoni Ribas, M.D., Ph.D., of the Jonsson Comprehensive Cancer Center at the University of California, Los Angeles, and lead investigator. "These results are supported by tumor shrinkage in patients who had previously progressed on anti-PD-1 treatment and by confirmatory laboratory biomarker assessments in tumor biopsies. If these clinical results are sustained in the ongoing trial, this combination, which mobilizes both innate and adaptive immune responses in patients, could represent an important advancement in immuno-oncology." SD-101 in combination with KEYTRUDA generally was well-tolerated. No dose-limiting toxicities of the combination were observed in any dose cohort, and a maximum tolerated dose (MTD) was not identified. The most common treatment-emergent adverse events were injection site reactions and transient grade 1 to 2 flu-like symptoms, including fever, chills and myalgia. The study also includes biomarker assessments, suggesting that treatment with SD-101 and KEYTRUDA resulted in increased tumor-infiltrating lymphocytes and decreased Th2 in tumor biopsies, consistent with induction of an antitumor immune response. About MEL-01 (KEYNOTE-184) The dose-escalation and expansion study of SD-101 in combination with KEYTRUDA includes patients with histologically or cytologically confirmed unresectable Stage IIIc/IV melanoma. The primary endpoints of the trial are MTD and evaluation of the safety of intratumoral SD-101 in combination with KEYTRUDA. In addition, the trial is investigating response as assessed by the investigator according to RECIST v1.1, biomarker assessments and duration of response. Patients previously treated with anti-PD-1 and other immunotherapies are included. About SD-101 SD-101 is Dynavax's proprietary, second-generation, Toll-like receptor 9 (TLR9) agonist CpG-C class oligodeoxynucleotide. SD-101 is being studied for its multiple anti-tumor activities in innate immune cells and activation of plasmacytoid dendritic cells to stimulate T cells specific for antigens released from dying tumor cells. TLR9 agonists such as SD-101 enhance T and B cell responses and provide potent Type 1 interferon induction and maturation of plasmacytoid dendritic cells to antigen-presenting cells. SD-101 is being evaluated in several Phase 1/2 oncology studies to assess its safety and activity. For information about SD-101 trials that are currently recruiting patients, please visit www.clinicaltrials.gov. About Dynavax Dynavax is a clinical-stage immunology company focused on leveraging the power of the body's innate and adaptive immune responses through toll-like receptor (TLR) stimulation. Dynavax is developing product candidates for use in multiple cancer indications, as a vaccine for the prevention of hepatitis B and as a disease modifying therapy for asthma. Dynavax's lead product candidates are SD-101, an investigational cancer immunotherapeutic currently in Phase 1/2 studies, and HEPLISAV-B, a Phase 3 investigational adult hepatitis B vaccine. For more information, visit www.dynavax.com. Forward-Looking Statements This press release contains "forward-looking" statements, including expectations for the conduct and timing of clinical trials of SD-101. Actual results may differ materially from those set forth in this press release due to the risks and uncertainties inherent in our business, including whether we can timely provide adequate clinical supplies; initiation, enrollment and completion of clinical trials of SD-101; the results of clinical trials and the impact of those results on the initiation or continuation of subsequent trials and issues arising in the regulatory process; the ability to successfully develop and commercialize SD-101; and whether or not Dynavax and parties with whom we are collaborating may reach any future agreement on further studies or a more extensive collaboration beyond the clinical trials contemplated under the existing agreements, as well as other risks detailed in the "Risk Factors" section of our current periodic reports with the SEC. We undertake no obligation to revise or update information herein to reflect events or circumstances in the future, even if new information becomes available. Information on Dynavax's website at www.dynavax.com is not incorporated by reference in our current periodic reports with the SEC. KEYTRUDA is a registered trademark of Merck Sharp & Dohme Corp., a subsidiary of Merck & Co., Inc. (1) Keytruda.com https://www.keytruda.com/hcp/melanoma/efficacy-of-keytruda/ Contact: Ryan Spencer VP, Corporate Strategy & Communications 510.665.4618 rspencer@dynavax.com © 2017 Nasdaq, Inc. All rights reserved. From MarketWatch More Coverage Trump Announcement on Paris Climate Accord Quote References DVAX +0.25 +4.42% Most Popular Stock market bracing for potentially the most explosive stretch of trading this year Harley-Davidson is recalling 57,000 motorcycles Paint your bathroom this color and boost your home’s selling price by $5,400 Costco versus Amazon Prime — which membership offers more value? Trump Quits Climate Deal — Citing ‘America First’ MarketWatch Partner Center Sponsored Headlines MarketWatch Site Index Topics Help Feedback Newsroom Roster Media Archive Premium Products Mobile Company Company Info Code of Conduct Corrections Advertising Media Kit Advertise Locally Reprints & Licensing Broker Center Your Ad Choices Dow Jones Network WSJ.com Barron's Online BigCharts Virtual Stock Exchange Financial News London WSJ.com Small Business realtor.com Mansion Global Back to Top Copyright ©2017 MarketWatch, Inc. All rights reserved. By using this site you agree to the Terms of Service, Privacy Policy, and Cookie Policy. Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real-time last sale data for U.S. stock quotes reflect trades reported through Nasdaq only. Intraday data delayed at least 15 minutes or per exchange requirements. Advanced Search Stocks Columns Authors Topics No results found Dynavax Technologies Corp. U.S.: Nasdaq: DVAX $5.90 +0.25 (+4.42%) Volume 990.2K Open $5.70 High $6.00 Low $5.60 P/E Ratio 0 Div Yield 0 Market Cap 287.9M
Bloomberg the Company & Its ProductsBloomberg Anywhere Remote LoginBloomberg Anywhere LoginBloomberg Terminal Demo Request Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. For Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Manage Contracts and Orders Support Americas+1 212 318 2000 EMEA+44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific+65 6212 1000 Company Careers Diversity and Inclusion Sustainability Tech Facts and Spaces Philanthropy and Engagement Bloomberg London Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Products Bloomberg Terminal Execution and Order Management Data and Content Financial Data Management Integration and Distribution Bloomberg Tradebook Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Media Bloomberg Markets Bloomberg Technology Bloomberg Pursuits Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg Opinion Bloomberg Businessweek Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile News Bureaus Media Services Bloomberg Live Conferences Bloomberg Media Distribution Advertising Company Careers Diversity and Inclusion Sustainability Tech Facts and Spaces Philanthropy and Engagement Bloomberg London Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Products Bloomberg Terminal Execution and Order Management Data and Content Financial Data Management Integration and Distribution Bloomberg Tradebook Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Media Bloomberg Markets Bloomberg Technology Bloomberg Pursuits Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg Opinion Bloomberg Businessweek Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile News Bureaus Media Services Bloomberg Live Conferences Bloomberg Media Distribution Advertising Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. For Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Manage Contracts and Orders Support Americas+1 212 318 2000 EMEA+44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific+65 6212 1000 MENU Homepage Markets Stocks Currencies Commodities Rates + Bonds Economics Magazine Benchmark Watchlist Economic Calendar Tech U.S. Global Startups Bloomberg Technology TV Gadgets With Gurman Digital Defense Studio 1.0 Focus On: Infrastructure Pursuits Cars & Bikes Style & Grooming Spend Watches & Gadgets Food & Drinks Travel Real Estate Art & Design Brilliant Ideas Politics Global Risk Briefing How We’ll Know if Trump Is Making America Great Again Tracking Trump’s Web of Conflicts GOP’s Health Plan: Tracking Key Changes One Amendment at a Time Kim Jong Un’s Big Nuclear Push Is Closing In on America Opinion View Gadfly Businessweek Subscribe Cover Stories Opening Remarks Etc Features 85th Anniversary Issue Behind The Cover More Climate Changed Video Series: Ventures Graphics Billionaires Game Plan Small Business Personal Finance Inspire GO The David Rubenstein Show Sponsored Content Bloomberg About The Company Sign In Sign In Subscribe Stepping on Toes A Hot Cancer-Drug Race Keeps Getting More Crowded Medicines that turn immune systems against tumors hold promise for patients, risks for investors. by Max Nisen @MaxNisen More stories by Max Nisen June 2, 2017, 3:00 PM EDT From When a new class of drugs can halt metastatic cancers in some patients, gets FDA-approved to treat seven types of cancer in less than three years and racks up more than $6 billion in sales in its first two full years on the market, a little hype is understandable.   The most important business stories of the day. Get Bloomberg's daily newsletter. Sign Up PD-1/L1 inhibitors are so-called immune-oncology (IO) drugs that help unleash the body's immune system on cancers. And now five drugmakers -- Merck & Co. Inc., Bristol-Myers Squibb Co., Roche Holding AG, AstraZeneca PLC, and Pfizer Inc. -- have one on the market. These companies are running hundreds of clinical trials for new uses and combinations of these medicines, and many of these trial results will be revealed at this weekend's American Society of Clinical Oncology (ASCO) annual meeting in Chicago.  But the market has yet to reckon with how much this crowding might impact its sky-high expectations for these medicines. Wall Street analysts forecast annual sales of the five big drugs alone to more than double by 2020 from $8.4 billion this year: As of this writing, there were 1,315 clinical trials ongoing for the big five PD-1/L1 medicines, according to clinicaltrials.gov, the U.S. government's repository. And 1,102 of them were open, meaning they may be actively recruiting patients and are thus relatively new -- an indicator of how rapidly the number of trials is expanding. A slide from Merck's annual report suggests the number of trials has roughly doubled over the past year. Merck's lead IO drug Keytruda is being tested across 30 tumor types.  It's important to note these numbers count only U.S. trials -- there are many others going on elsewhere in the world. And many more companies beyond the big five are working on similar medicines. A huge number of these trials overlap. Four different companies are running trials combining their drug and Incyte Corp.'s epacadostat, for example. There's also significant overlap for the drugs already on the market, with three or more IO drugs approved to treat lung and bladder cancers. All this crowding will be bad for drugmakers -- though a potential boon for patients and insurance companies covering their prescriptions. An increasingly fragmented market will drive prices down and leave companies with ever-shorter periods of market exclusivity.  This may ultimately come as a shock to investors in some of these firms, given that not all of Wall Street's sales forecasts reflect this crowding. Estimates for market-leading drugs Keytruda and Bristol's Opdivo certainly don't. Don't expect to hear many such warnings over the din of trial results being hyped at this weekend's ASCO. But companies and investors inspired to follow the IO stampede should bear the potential consequences in mind. This column does not necessarily reflect the opinion of Bloomberg LP and its owners. Before it's here, it's on the Bloomberg Terminal. LEARN MORE Read This Next Tesaro Is a Victim of Its Own Valuation Gilead Keeps Muddying the M&A Waters Merck Can't Say How Good its Good News Is Roche Throws a New Wrinkle Into the IO Market Pfizer Must Learn to Live With Uncertainty Most Read London Terror Attack Before Vote Leaves 7 Dead, Many Hurt As China Eyes Trade Growth, Europe Moves to Calm Wary Industries May Ramps Up Anti-Terror Rhetoric After Attack Kills Seven Toyota Says It Sold Entire Stake in Tesla in 2016 London Cops Adjust to New Terror Reality With Guns, Helicopters Terms of Service Trademarks Privacy Policy ©2017 Bloomberg L.P. All Rights Reserved Careers Made in NYC Advertise Ad Choices Website Feedback Help
Skip to Main Content Site Map Marketwired Français Media Partners About Us Blog Facebook Twitter YouTube LinkedIn Google+ Search Site News Products Marketwired Resonate Marketwired Influencers News Distribution IR/PR Newsroom (Impress) Media Database (Mediahub) Powered by Sysomos Request a Demo Solutions Public Relations Investor Relations Small Business Newsroom All News Headlines Only Advanced Search RSS Newsfeeds Hot Off the Wire Personal Beat CASL Compliance Resources Brochures Case Studies E-Books / Tip Sheets Webinars / Videos Contact Us Our Locations Become a Media Partner Become a Channel Partner Request More Information Request a Demo Sign In Where would you like to sign in? My Marketwired Account Personal Beat Marketwired Resonate Hot Off the Wire News Dashboard 2.0 Mediahub Register for a Marketwired Account News Room Print Friendly Share SOURCE: Dynavax Technologies June 02, 2017 16:01 ET Dynavax Presents Updated Data for SD-101 in Combination with KEYTRUDA® (pembrolizumab) Highlighting an ORR in 7 out of 7 Patients Naive to an Anti-PD-1 or Anti-PD-L1 Therapy Data Presented at 2017 American Society of Clinical Oncology (ASCO) Annual Meeting BERKELEY, CA--(Marketwired - June 02, 2017) - Dynavax Technologies Corporation (NASDAQ: DVAX) announced the presentation of findings in patients with metastatic melanoma in the dose escalation phase of an ongoing Phase 1b/2 study investigating SD-101, Dynavax's intratumoral TLR9 agonist, in combination with KEYTRUDA® (pembrolizumab), an anti-PD-1 therapy developed by Merck, known as MSD outside the United States and Canada. Results evaluating 19 patients for efficacy and 22 patients for safety were presented in a poster at the 2017 American Society of Clinical Oncology Annual Meeting in Chicago: In 7 anti-PD-1/L1-naïve patients, SD-101 used in combination with KEYTRUDA resulted in an overall response rate (ORR) of 100%, with a complete response (CR) rate of 29%. This is a meaningful increase over use of KEYTRUDA alone, which has already shown a 33% ORR, with a 6% CR.(1) In 12 patients with advanced (stage IIIc/IV) melanoma who had previously failed on anti-PD-1 treatment, introduction of SD-101 resulted in tumor shrinkage in 42% of patients, with 17% having a partial response (PR), indicating an anti-tumor immune response generated by SD-101. The combination of SD-101 and KEYTRUDA in this study, mobilized both innate and adaptive immune response in study participants. Tumor shrinkage was observed in non-injected visceral lesions. "Having 7 out of 7 patients naïve to anti-PD-1/L1 treatment responding is very encouraging," said Antoni Ribas, M.D., Ph.D., of the Jonsson Comprehensive Cancer Center at the University of California, Los Angeles, and lead investigator. "These results are supported by tumor shrinkage in patients who had previously progressed on anti-PD-1 treatment and by confirmatory laboratory biomarker assessments in tumor biopsies. If these clinical results are sustained in the ongoing trial, this combination, which mobilizes both innate and adaptive immune responses in patients, could represent an important advancement in immuno-oncology." SD-101 in combination with KEYTRUDA generally was well-tolerated. No dose-limiting toxicities of the combination were observed in any dose cohort, and a maximum tolerated dose (MTD) was not identified. The most common treatment-emergent adverse events were injection site reactions and transient grade 1 to 2 flu-like symptoms, including fever, chills and myalgia. The study also includes biomarker assessments, suggesting that treatment with SD-101 and KEYTRUDA resulted in increased tumor-infiltrating lymphocytes and decreased Th2 in tumor biopsies, consistent with induction of an antitumor immune response. About MEL-01 (KEYNOTE-184) The dose-escalation and expansion study of SD-101 in combination with KEYTRUDA includes patients with histologically or cytologically confirmed unresectable Stage IIIc/IV melanoma. The primary endpoints of the trial are MTD and evaluation of the safety of intratumoral SD-101 in combination with KEYTRUDA. In addition, the trial is investigating response as assessed by the investigator according to RECIST v1.1, biomarker assessments and duration of response. Patients previously treated with anti-PD-1 and other immunotherapies are included. About SD-101 SD-101 is Dynavax's proprietary, second-generation, Toll-like receptor 9 (TLR9) agonist CpG-C class oligodeoxynucleotide. SD-101 is being studied for its multiple anti-tumor activities in innate immune cells and activation of plasmacytoid dendritic cells to stimulate T cells specific for antigens released from dying tumor cells. TLR9 agonists such as SD-101 enhance T and B cell responses and provide potent Type 1 interferon induction and maturation of plasmacytoid dendritic cells to antigen-presenting cells. SD-101 is being evaluated in several Phase 1/2 oncology studies to assess its safety and activity. For information about SD-101 trials that are currently recruiting patients, please visit www.clinicaltrials.gov. About Dynavax Dynavax is a clinical-stage immunology company focused on leveraging the power of the body's innate and adaptive immune responses through toll-like receptor (TLR) stimulation. Dynavax is developing product candidates for use in multiple cancer indications, as a vaccine for the prevention of hepatitis B and as a disease modifying therapy for asthma. Dynavax's lead product candidates are SD-101, an investigational cancer immunotherapeutic currently in Phase 1/2 studies, and HEPLISAV-B, a Phase 3 investigational adult hepatitis B vaccine. For more information, visit www.dynavax.com. Forward-Looking Statements This press release contains "forward-looking" statements, including expectations for the conduct and timing of clinical trials of SD-101. Actual results may differ materially from those set forth in this press release due to the risks and uncertainties inherent in our business, including whether we can timely provide adequate clinical supplies; initiation, enrollment and completion of clinical trials of SD-101; the results of clinical trials and the impact of those results on the initiation or continuation of subsequent trials and issues arising in the regulatory process; the ability to successfully develop and commercialize SD-101; and whether or not Dynavax and parties with whom we are collaborating may reach any future agreement on further studies or a more extensive collaboration beyond the clinical trials contemplated under the existing agreements, as well as other risks detailed in the "Risk Factors" section of our current periodic reports with the SEC. We undertake no obligation to revise or update information herein to reflect events or circumstances in the future, even if new information becomes available. Information on Dynavax's website at www.dynavax.com is not incorporated by reference in our current periodic reports with the SEC. KEYTRUDA is a registered trademark of Merck Sharp & Dohme Corp., a subsidiary of Merck & Co., Inc. (1) Keytruda.com https://www.keytruda.com/hcp/melanoma/efficacy-of-keytruda/ Contact Information Contact: Ryan Spencer VP, Corporate Strategy & Communications 510.665.4618 rspencer@dynavax.com Print Friendly Share News Room   View Related News About this company Dynavax Technologies From this industry Pharmaceuticals and Biotech From this sub-industry Biotech Drugs Trials See all RSS Newsfeeds     About Marketwired   Marketwired News   Community Builders Privacy Site Map Accessibility Products   Marketwired Resonate   Marketwired Influencers   News Distribution   IR/PR Newsroom (Impress)   Media Database (Mediahub) Resources   Brochures   Case Studies   E-Books / Tip Sheets   Webinars / Videos Newsroom   All News   Headlines Only   Advanced Search   RSS Newsfeeds   Hot Off the Wire   Personal Beat   CASL Compliance Connect With Us Facebook Twitter YouTube LinkedIn Google+ MARKETWIRED IS NOW PART OF NASDAQ Copyright ©2016 Nasdaq, Inc. All rights reserved. Legal You are using an outdated browser For a better experience using this site, please upgrade to a modern web browser.
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 2 June 2017 by Arun Patil Animal Antimicrobials Market with Geographic Segmentation, Statistical Forecast and Competitive Landscape Research upto 2021 In-depth analysis of Animal Antimicrobials Market is a crucial thing for various stakeholders like investors, CEOs, traders, suppliers and others. The Animal Antimicrobials Market research report is a resource, which provides technical and financial details of the industry. Animal Antimicrobials Market Split by product type: Premixes, Oral Powders, Oral Solutions, Injections, Others and Split by application: Food-producing Animals and Companion Animals. Browse Detailed TOC, Tables, Figures, Charts and Companies Mentioned in Animal Antimicrobials Market Research Report@ http://www.360marketupdates.com/10615515 To begin with, the report elaborates the Animal Antimicrobials Market overview. Various definitions and classification of the industry, key players of the industry and chain structure are given. Present day status of the Animal Antimicrobials Market in key regions is stated and industry policies and news are analysed. Following are the key players covered in this Animal Antimicrobials Market research report: Zoetis, Inc., Boehringer Ingelheim GmbH, Eli Lilly and Company, Merck & Co., Inc., Bayer AG, Sanofi, Ceva Sante Animale, Virbac, Vetoquinol S.A. and many others. Scope of the Animal Antimicrobials Industry on the basis of region: North America, Europe, China, Japan, Southeast Asia and India. Next part of the Animal Antimicrobials Market Industry analysis report speaks about the manufacturing process. The process is analysed thoroughly with respect three points, viz. raw material and equipment suppliers, various manufacturing associated costs and the actual process. Get Sample PDF of Animal Antimicrobials Market Research Report@ http://www.360marketupdates.com/enquiry/request-sample/10615515 Following are Major Table of Content of Animal Antimicrobials Industry: Animal Antimicrobials Market Competition by Manufacturers, Animal Antimicrobials Production, Revenue (Value) by Region, Animal Antimicrobials Supply (Production) and Consumption, Animal Antimicrobials Production, Revenue (Value), Price Trend by Type, Animal Antimicrobials Market Analysis by Application, Animal Antimicrobials Manufacturers Profiles/Analysis To provide information on competitive landscape, this report includes detailed profiles of Animal Antimicrobials Market key players. For each player, product details, capacity, price, cost, gross and revenue numbers are given. Their contact information is provided for better understanding. Pre Order Enquiry of Animal Antimicrobials Market @ https://www.360marketupdates.com/enquiry/pre-order-enquiry/10615515 In this Animal Antimicrobials Market report analysis, traders and distributors analysis is given along with contact details. New investment feasibility analysis and Animal Antimicrobials Market Industry growth is included in the report. CategoriesGoogle News, satPRnews TagsAnimal Antimicrobials Market Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Alternate Health Corp. (AHGIF: OTCQB) | Alternate Health Announces Change of Auditor Next PostNext IIROC Trade Resumption / L’OCRCVM permet la reprise de la negociation – AVA Search Recent Posts Ion Exchange Resins Market expected to grow at a CAGR of 5.4% from 2016 – 2026 Asia-Pacific STV Stevia Market Research Report 2017 to 2022 Global Methionine Market Analysis- Size, Share, overview, scope, Revenue, Gross Margin, Segment and Forecast 2017 IBM Research Alliance Builds New Transistor for 5nm Technology Mobile Phone Accessories Market will reach at a CAGR of 6.9% from 2015 to 2025 Business Directory Business Contacts Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 2 June 2017 by Maciej Heyman NeoGenomics Announces Expansion of Immuno-Oncology Profiling Tests /EINPresswire.com/ — FORT MYERS, FL–(Marketwired – June 02, 2017) – NeoGenomics, Inc. (NASDAQ: NEO), a leading provider of cancer-focused genetic testing services, announced today an expansion of its Immuno-Oncology profiling test menu to reflect recent advances in immunotherapy. The Company has expanded its NeoTYPE® cancer profiles to include Tumor Mutation Burden (TMB) and microsatellite instability (MSI) testing. TMB is a new genomic biomarker that is designed to predict response to checkpoint inhibitor immunotherapies targeting the PD-1 and PD-L1 proteins. Studies in lung, melanoma and bladder cancers showed that objective response to checkpoint immunotherapy was predicted by the presence of high TMB. TMB tests will be available on a standalone basis, and in combination with the various cancer-specific NeoTYPE® Profiles offered at NeoGenomics. MSI testing is being added to our profiling in response to the FDA’s announcement(1) on May 23rd that Merck’s Keytruda drug was approved for the treatment of patients with metastatic solid tumors that have been identified as being MSI-high or mismatch repair deficient (MMR). NeoGenomics offers MSI and MMR testing as part of its comprehensive testing services. Dr. Maher Albitar, the Company’s Senior Vice President, Chief Medical Officer and Director of Research and Development, commented, „Despite the significant success of checkpoint inhibitor immunotherapies, not all patients respond to therapy and there is a need to identify the subset of patients that are more likely to respond. NeoGenomics provides a broad range of cancer immuno-profiling tests, including TMB, MMR, MSI, and PD-L1 expression testing, to more precisely determine which patients are good candidates for immunotherapy. This immuno-profiling is combined with genomic profiling for comprehensive multimodality cancer profiling.” Douglas VanOort, NeoGenomics’ Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, stated, „This timely expansion of our state-of-the-art testing services will help physicians better identify which patients will respond to new advanced immunotherapies. The FDA’s announcement last week that it has now approved a drug based on a tumor’s biomarkers without regard to the tumor’s original location is a major development in the fight against cancer, and it aligns well with our extensive menu of tests that examine cancer biomarkers. Our combination of immuno-oncology testing and genomic profiling using a variety of advanced test methodologies is a demonstration of our commitment to be a leader in precision medicine.” (1) U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) Press Release, 5/23/2017, FDA Approves First Cancer Treatment for any Solid Tumor with a Specific Genetic Feature. About NeoGenomics, Inc. NeoGenomics, Inc. specializes in cancer genetics testing and information services. The Company provides one of the most comprehensive oncology-focused testing menus in the world for Physicians to help them diagnose and treat cancer. The Company’s Pharma Services division serves pharmaceutical clients in clinical trials and drug development. Headquartered in Fort Myers, FL, NeoGenomics operates CLIA certified laboratories in Aliso Viejo, Fresno, Irvine, and West Sacramento, California; Tampa and Fort Myers, Florida; Houston, Texas and Nashville, Tennessee. NeoGenomics serves the needs of pathologists, oncologists, academic centers, hospital systems, integrated service delivery networks, and managed care organizations throughout the United States. For additional information about NeoGenomics, visit www.neogenomics.com. Forward Looking Statements Except for historical information, all of the statements, expectations and assumptions contained in the foregoing are forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements involve a number of risks and uncertainties that could cause actual future results to differ materially from those anticipated in the forward-looking statements. Actual results could differ materially from such statements expressed or implied herein. Factors that might cause such a difference include, among others, the company’s ability to continue gaining new customers, offer new types of tests, and otherwise implement its business plan. As a result, this press release should be read in conjunction with the company’s periodic filings with the SEC. CategoriesUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Cellular Biomedicine Group（CBMG）宣布股票回购计划 Next PostNext Global Small Molecule API Market by Application from 2016 to 2027 Posted on 2 June 2017 by Maciej Heyman NeoGenomics Announces Expansion of Immuno-Oncology Profiling Tests /EINPresswire.com/ — FORT MYERS, FL–(Marketwired – June 02, 2017) – NeoGenomics, Inc. (NASDAQ: NEO), a leading provider of cancer-focused genetic testing services, announced today an expansion of its Immuno-Oncology profiling test menu to reflect recent advances in immunotherapy. The Company has expanded its NeoTYPE® cancer profiles to include Tumor Mutation Burden (TMB) and microsatellite instability (MSI) testing. TMB is a new genomic biomarker that is designed to predict response to checkpoint inhibitor immunotherapies targeting the PD-1 and PD-L1 proteins. Studies in lung, melanoma and bladder cancers showed that objective response to checkpoint immunotherapy was predicted by the presence of high TMB. TMB tests will be available on a standalone basis, and in combination with the various cancer-specific NeoTYPE® Profiles offered at NeoGenomics. MSI testing is being added to our profiling in response to the FDA’s announcement(1) on May 23rd that Merck’s Keytruda drug was approved for the treatment of patients with metastatic solid tumors that have been identified as being MSI-high or mismatch repair deficient (MMR). NeoGenomics offers MSI and MMR testing as part of its comprehensive testing services. Dr. Maher Albitar, the Company’s Senior Vice President, Chief Medical Officer and Director of Research and Development, commented, „Despite the significant success of checkpoint inhibitor immunotherapies, not all patients respond to therapy and there is a need to identify the subset of patients that are more likely to respond. NeoGenomics provides a broad range of cancer immuno-profiling tests, including TMB, MMR, MSI, and PD-L1 expression testing, to more precisely determine which patients are good candidates for immunotherapy. This immuno-profiling is combined with genomic profiling for comprehensive multimodality cancer profiling.” Douglas VanOort, NeoGenomics’ Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, stated, „This timely expansion of our state-of-the-art testing services will help physicians better identify which patients will respond to new advanced immunotherapies. The FDA’s announcement last week that it has now approved a drug based on a tumor’s biomarkers without regard to the tumor’s original location is a major development in the fight against cancer, and it aligns well with our extensive menu of tests that examine cancer biomarkers. Our combination of immuno-oncology testing and genomic profiling using a variety of advanced test methodologies is a demonstration of our commitment to be a leader in precision medicine.” (1) U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) Press Release, 5/23/2017, FDA Approves First Cancer Treatment for any Solid Tumor with a Specific Genetic Feature. About NeoGenomics, Inc. NeoGenomics, Inc. specializes in cancer genetics testing and information services. The Company provides one of the most comprehensive oncology-focused testing menus in the world for Physicians to help them diagnose and treat cancer. The Company’s Pharma Services division serves pharmaceutical clients in clinical trials and drug development. Headquartered in Fort Myers, FL, NeoGenomics operates CLIA certified laboratories in Aliso Viejo, Fresno, Irvine, and West Sacramento, California; Tampa and Fort Myers, Florida; Houston, Texas and Nashville, Tennessee. NeoGenomics serves the needs of pathologists, oncologists, academic centers, hospital systems, integrated service delivery networks, and managed care organizations throughout the United States. For additional information about NeoGenomics, visit www.neogenomics.com. Forward Looking Statements Except for historical information, all of the statements, expectations and assumptions contained in the foregoing are forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements involve a number of risks and uncertainties that could cause actual future results to differ materially from those anticipated in the forward-looking statements. Actual results could differ materially from such statements expressed or implied herein. Factors that might cause such a difference include, among others, the company’s ability to continue gaining new customers, offer new types of tests, and otherwise implement its business plan. As a result, this press release should be read in conjunction with the company’s periodic filings with the SEC. CategoriesUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Cellular Biomedicine Group（CBMG）宣布股票回购计划 Next PostNext Global Small Molecule API Market by Application from 2016 to 2027 Posted on 2 June 2017 by Maciej Heyman NeoGenomics Announces Expansion of Immuno-Oncology Profiling Tests /EINPresswire.com/ — FORT MYERS, FL–(Marketwired – June 02, 2017) – NeoGenomics, Inc. (NASDAQ: NEO), a leading provider of cancer-focused genetic testing services, announced today an expansion of its Immuno-Oncology profiling test menu to reflect recent advances in immunotherapy. The Company has expanded its NeoTYPE® cancer profiles to include Tumor Mutation Burden (TMB) and microsatellite instability (MSI) testing. TMB is a new genomic biomarker that is designed to predict response to checkpoint inhibitor immunotherapies targeting the PD-1 and PD-L1 proteins. Studies in lung, melanoma and bladder cancers showed that objective response to checkpoint immunotherapy was predicted by the presence of high TMB. TMB tests will be available on a standalone basis, and in combination with the various cancer-specific NeoTYPE® Profiles offered at NeoGenomics. MSI testing is being added to our profiling in response to the FDA’s announcement(1) on May 23rd that Merck’s Keytruda drug was approved for the treatment of patients with metastatic solid tumors that have been identified as being MSI-high or mismatch repair deficient (MMR). NeoGenomics offers MSI and MMR testing as part of its comprehensive testing services. Dr. Maher Albitar, the Company’s Senior Vice President, Chief Medical Officer and Director of Research and Development, commented, „Despite the significant success of checkpoint inhibitor immunotherapies, not all patients respond to therapy and there is a need to identify the subset of patients that are more likely to respond. NeoGenomics provides a broad range of cancer immuno-profiling tests, including TMB, MMR, MSI, and PD-L1 expression testing, to more precisely determine which patients are good candidates for immunotherapy. This immuno-profiling is combined with genomic profiling for comprehensive multimodality cancer profiling.” Douglas VanOort, NeoGenomics’ Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, stated, „This timely expansion of our state-of-the-art testing services will help physicians better identify which patients will respond to new advanced immunotherapies. The FDA’s announcement last week that it has now approved a drug based on a tumor’s biomarkers without regard to the tumor’s original location is a major development in the fight against cancer, and it aligns well with our extensive menu of tests that examine cancer biomarkers. Our combination of immuno-oncology testing and genomic profiling using a variety of advanced test methodologies is a demonstration of our commitment to be a leader in precision medicine.” (1) U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) Press Release, 5/23/2017, FDA Approves First Cancer Treatment for any Solid Tumor with a Specific Genetic Feature. About NeoGenomics, Inc. NeoGenomics, Inc. specializes in cancer genetics testing and information services. The Company provides one of the most comprehensive oncology-focused testing menus in the world for Physicians to help them diagnose and treat cancer. The Company’s Pharma Services division serves pharmaceutical clients in clinical trials and drug development. Headquartered in Fort Myers, FL, NeoGenomics operates CLIA certified laboratories in Aliso Viejo, Fresno, Irvine, and West Sacramento, California; Tampa and Fort Myers, Florida; Houston, Texas and Nashville, Tennessee. NeoGenomics serves the needs of pathologists, oncologists, academic centers, hospital systems, integrated service delivery networks, and managed care organizations throughout the United States. For additional information about NeoGenomics, visit www.neogenomics.com. Forward Looking Statements Except for historical information, all of the statements, expectations and assumptions contained in the foregoing are forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements involve a number of risks and uncertainties that could cause actual future results to differ materially from those anticipated in the forward-looking statements. Actual results could differ materially from such statements expressed or implied herein. Factors that might cause such a difference include, among others, the company’s ability to continue gaining new customers, offer new types of tests, and otherwise implement its business plan. As a result, this press release should be read in conjunction with the company’s periodic filings with the SEC. CategoriesUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Cellular Biomedicine Group（CBMG）宣布股票回购计划 Next PostNext Global Small Molecule API Market by Application from 2016 to 2027 Posted on 2 June 2017 by Maciej Heyman NeoGenomics Announces Expansion of Immuno-Oncology Profiling Tests /EINPresswire.com/ — FORT MYERS, FL–(Marketwired – June 02, 2017) – NeoGenomics, Inc. (NASDAQ: NEO), a leading provider of cancer-focused genetic testing services, announced today an expansion of its Immuno-Oncology profiling test menu to reflect recent advances in immunotherapy. The Company has expanded its NeoTYPE® cancer profiles to include Tumor Mutation Burden (TMB) and microsatellite instability (MSI) testing. TMB is a new genomic biomarker that is designed to predict response to checkpoint inhibitor immunotherapies targeting the PD-1 and PD-L1 proteins. Studies in lung, melanoma and bladder cancers showed that objective response to checkpoint immunotherapy was predicted by the presence of high TMB. TMB tests will be available on a standalone basis, and in combination with the various cancer-specific NeoTYPE® Profiles offered at NeoGenomics. MSI testing is being added to our profiling in response to the FDA’s announcement(1) on May 23rd that Merck’s Keytruda drug was approved for the treatment of patients with metastatic solid tumors that have been identified as being MSI-high or mismatch repair deficient (MMR). NeoGenomics offers MSI and MMR testing as part of its comprehensive testing services. Dr. Maher Albitar, the Company’s Senior Vice President, Chief Medical Officer and Director of Research and Development, commented, „Despite the significant success of checkpoint inhibitor immunotherapies, not all patients respond to therapy and there is a need to identify the subset of patients that are more likely to respond. NeoGenomics provides a broad range of cancer immuno-profiling tests, including TMB, MMR, MSI, and PD-L1 expression testing, to more precisely determine which patients are good candidates for immunotherapy. This immuno-profiling is combined with genomic profiling for comprehensive multimodality cancer profiling.” Douglas VanOort, NeoGenomics’ Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, stated, „This timely expansion of our state-of-the-art testing services will help physicians better identify which patients will respond to new advanced immunotherapies. The FDA’s announcement last week that it has now approved a drug based on a tumor’s biomarkers without regard to the tumor’s original location is a major development in the fight against cancer, and it aligns well with our extensive menu of tests that examine cancer biomarkers. Our combination of immuno-oncology testing and genomic profiling using a variety of advanced test methodologies is a demonstration of our commitment to be a leader in precision medicine.” (1) U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) Press Release, 5/23/2017, FDA Approves First Cancer Treatment for any Solid Tumor with a Specific Genetic Feature. About NeoGenomics, Inc. NeoGenomics, Inc. specializes in cancer genetics testing and information services. The Company provides one of the most comprehensive oncology-focused testing menus in the world for Physicians to help them diagnose and treat cancer. The Company’s Pharma Services division serves pharmaceutical clients in clinical trials and drug development. Headquartered in Fort Myers, FL, NeoGenomics operates CLIA certified laboratories in Aliso Viejo, Fresno, Irvine, and West Sacramento, California; Tampa and Fort Myers, Florida; Houston, Texas and Nashville, Tennessee. NeoGenomics serves the needs of pathologists, oncologists, academic centers, hospital systems, integrated service delivery networks, and managed care organizations throughout the United States. For additional information about NeoGenomics, visit www.neogenomics.com. Forward Looking Statements Except for historical information, all of the statements, expectations and assumptions contained in the foregoing are forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements involve a number of risks and uncertainties that could cause actual future results to differ materially from those anticipated in the forward-looking statements. Actual results could differ materially from such statements expressed or implied herein. Factors that might cause such a difference include, among others, the company’s ability to continue gaining new customers, offer new types of tests, and otherwise implement its business plan. As a result, this press release should be read in conjunction with the company’s periodic filings with the SEC. CategoriesUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Cellular Biomedicine Group（CBMG）宣布股票回购计划 Next PostNext Global Small Molecule API Market by Application from 2016 to 2027 Search Recent Posts Ion Exchange Resins Market expected to grow at a CAGR of 5.4% from 2016 – 2026 Asia-Pacific STV Stevia Market Research Report 2017 to 2022 Global Methionine Market Analysis- Size, Share, overview, scope, Revenue, Gross Margin, Segment and Forecast 2017 IBM Research Alliance Builds New Transistor for 5nm Technology Mobile Phone Accessories Market will reach at a CAGR of 6.9% from 2015 to 2025 Business Directory Business Contacts Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 2 June 2017 by Maciej Heyman Short Bowel Syndrome Drugs 2017 Global Market Size,Status and Forecast to 2022 “Short Bowel Syndrome Drugs Industry to 2022” WiseGuyReports.Com Publish a New Market Research Report On -“Short Bowel Syndrome Drugs 2017 Global Market Size,Status and Forecast to 2022”. This report studies the global Short Bowel Syndrome Drugs market, analyzes and researches the Short Bowel Syndrome Drugs development status and forecast in United States, EU, Japan, China, India and Southeast Asia. This report focuses on the top players in global market, like  Emmaus Medical  Merck  Shire  Ardelyx  Naia Pharmaceuticals  Nutrinia  OxThera  GLyPharma Therapeutic  Sancilio Pharmaceuticals  Zealand Pharma Get a Sample Report@ https://www.wiseguyreports.com/sample-request/1337330-global-short-bowel-syndrome-drugs-market-size-status-and-forecast-2022 For more information or any query mail at sales@wiseguyreports.com Market segment by Regions/Countries, this report covers  United States  EU  Japan  China  India  Southeast Asia Market segment by Type, Short Bowel Syndrome Drugs can be split into  Oral Route  Parental Route Market segment by Application, Short Bowel Syndrome Drugs can be split into  Hospital Pharmacies  Retail Pharmacies  Online Pharmacies Complete Report Details @ https://www.wiseguyreports.com/reports/1337330-global-short-bowel-syndrome-drugs-market-size-status-and-forecast-2022   Table Of Contents – Major Key Points   Global Short Bowel Syndrome Drugs Market Size, Status and Forecast 2022  1 Industry Overview of Short Bowel Syndrome Drugs  1.1 Short Bowel Syndrome Drugs Market Overview  1.1.1 Short Bowel Syndrome Drugs Product Scope  1.1.2 Market Status and Outlook  1.2 Global Short Bowel Syndrome Drugs Market Size and Analysis by Regions  1.2.1 United States  1.2.2 EU  1.2.3 Japan  1.2.4 China  1.2.5 India  1.2.6 Southeast Asia  1.3 Short Bowel Syndrome Drugs Market by Type  1.3.1 Oral Route  1.3.2 Parental Route  1.4 Short Bowel Syndrome Drugs Market by End Users/Application  1.4.1 Hospital Pharmacies  1.4.2 Retail Pharmacies  1.4.3 Online Pharmacies 2 Global Short Bowel Syndrome Drugs Competition Analysis by Players  2.1 Short Bowel Syndrome Drugs Market Size (Value) by Players (2016 and 2017)  2.2 Competitive Status and Trend  2.2.1 Market Concentration Rate  2.2.2 Product/Service Differences  2.2.3 New Entrants  2.2.4 The Technology Trends in Future ……… 3 Company (Top Players) Profiles  3.1 Emmaus Medical  3.1.1 Company Profile  3.1.2 Main Business/Business Overview  3.1.3 Products, Services and Solutions  3.1.4 Short Bowel Syndrome Drugs Revenue (Value) (2012-2017)  3.1.5 Recent Developments  3.2 Merck  3.2.1 Company Profile  3.2.2 Main Business/Business Overview  3.2.3 Products, Services and Solutions  3.2.4 Short Bowel Syndrome Drugs Revenue (Value) (2012-2017)  3.2.5 Recent Developments  3.3 Shire  3.3.1 Company Profile  3.3.2 Main Business/Business Overview  3.3.3 Products, Services and Solutions  3.3.4 Short Bowel Syndrome Drugs Revenue (Value) (2012-2017)  3.3.5 Recent Developments  3.4 Ardelyx  3.4.1 Company Profile  3.4.2 Main Business/Business Overview  3.4.3 Products, Services and Solutions  3.4.4 Short Bowel Syndrome Drugs Revenue (Value) (2012-2017)  3.4.5 Recent Developments  3.5 Naia Pharmaceuticals  3.5.1 Company Profile  3.5.2 Main Business/Business Overview  3.5.3 Products, Services and Solutions  3.5.4 Short Bowel Syndrome Drugs Revenue (Value) (2012-2017)  3.5.5 Recent Developments  3.6 Nutrinia  3.6.1 Company Profile  3.6.2 Main Business/Business Overview  3.6.3 Products, Services and Solutions  3.6.4 Short Bowel Syndrome Drugs Revenue (Value) (2012-2017)  3.6.5 Recent Developments  3.7 OxThera  3.7.1 Company Profile  3.7.2 Main Business/Business Overview  3.7.3 Products, Services and Solutions  3.7.4 Short Bowel Syndrome Drugs Revenue (Value) (2012-2017)  3.7.5 Recent Developments  3.8 GLyPharma Therapeutic  3.8.1 Company Profile  3.8.2 Main Business/Business Overview  3.8.3 Products, Services and Solutions  3.8.4 Short Bowel Syndrome Drugs Revenue (Value) (2012-2017)  3.8.5 Recent Developments  3.9 Sancilio Pharmaceuticals  3.9.1 Company Profile  3.9.2 Main Business/Business Overview  3.9.3 Products, Services and Solutions  3.9.4 Short Bowel Syndrome Drugs Revenue (Value) (2012-2017)  3.9.5 Recent Developments  3.10 Zealand Pharma  3.10.1 Company Profile  3.10.2 Main Business/Business Overview  3.10.3 Products, Services and Solutions  3.10.4 Short Bowel Syndrome Drugs Revenue (Value) (2012-2017)  3.10.5 Recent Developments Continued…….   For more information or any query mail at sales@wiseguyreports.com Buy 1-User PDF@ https://www.wiseguyreports.com/checkout?currency=one_user-USD&report_id=1337330   ABOUT US: Wise Guy Reports is part of the Wise Guy Consultants Pvt. Ltd. and offers premium progressive statistical surveying, market research reports, analysis & forecast data for industries and governments around the globe. Wise Guy Reports features an exhaustive list of market research reports from hundreds of publishers worldwide. We boast a database spanning virtually every market category and an even more comprehensive collection of rmaket research reports under these categories and sub-categories. Media Contact Company Name: Wiseguyreports.com Contact Person: Norah Trent Email: sales@wiseguyreports.com Phone: +1 646 845 9349, +44 208 133 9349 City: Pune State: Maharashtra Country: India Website: www.wiseguyreports.com CategoriesUncategorized TagsBusiness, Health & Medicine, Manufacturing & Industry, Pharmaceuticals & Biotech, Science Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Digital Oilfield Solutions Market: Evolving Technology, Trends and Industry Analysis 2020 Next PostNext Galvanic Isolation Market Analysis and In-depth Research on Market Size, Trends, Emerging Growth Factors and Regional Forecasts to 2020 Search Recent Posts Entrepreneurism champion recognised in honours list Automailer 2.5 for macOS to Send Bulk Personalized Emails Yonsei University Partners With Editage to Promote its Research Through Video Napa Valley Vintners Collaborate to Raise $15.7 Million for Community at Annual Auction Napa Valley Big Switch Networks appoints James Wong as General Manager, South Asia Business Directory Business Contacts Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Proudly powered by WordPress
Xconomy Xperience EXOME National Regions Channels Events Boston Angel Investors → EXOME all the information, none of the junk | biotech • healthcare • life sciences Want EXOME sent to you daily? Meet the Contributors → Bio Roundup: ASCO Combo Frenzy, Maine’s Free DNA Tests, Sema4 & More Ben Fidler June 2nd, 2017 @benthefidler @xconomy Like Us Xconomy National —  Over the next four days, the Second City will be the center of the biomedical world. The American Society of Clinical Oncology’s annual meeting in Chicago brings together thousands of researchers from across the globe to discuss the latest progress in the war against cancer. On tap this year: the crush of immunotherapy drug combinations, the latest in cell therapy, advances in targeted cancer drugs and much more. Xconomy has some prep work to get you ready for ASCO below, along with all the rest of the week’s biotech headlines. Let’s get to it. ASCO PREP WORK —When ASCO kicks off today, immunotherapy combinations—experimental cocktails of drugs that fight tumors by boosting the immune system—will be in the spotlight. But with the frenzy to test as many combinations as possible, experts worry that the field is moving too fast, and that the glut of combination trials is bound to provoke a backlash. —Another ASCO theme to watch: drugs that target tumor mutations, and acceptance of the commercial tests needed to find the right patients for them. Xconomy delved into the hurdles these tests face, and one of the high-profile efforts underway in Maine to help increase their adoption among community doctors. —ASCO will also provide the latest updates on CAR-T cellular immunotherapy. One of the main players, Novartis (NYSE: NVS), posted encouraging early results in a study testing its CAR-T treatment, CTL119, along with blood cancer drug ibrutinib (Imbruvica) in leukemia patients. Novartis will divulge more information from the study at ASCO on Monday. —Last week, the FDA approved Merck’s pembrolizumab (Keytruda) for all tumors with a specific genetic signature—a first for the agency. Speaking at the Precision Medicine World Conference at Duke University, top FDA drug evaluator Janet Woodcock explained how the Merck approval, as well as some other recent decisions, show how the FDA is changing the way it reviews drugs. —A new report from QuintilesIMS (NYSE: Q) took a close look at the rising price of oncology care, and found that the global costs of cancer drugs and supportive therapies rose from $91 billion in 2012 to $113 billion in 2016. —Lastly, The Wall Street Journal reported that Waltham, MA-based Tesaro (NASDAQ: TSRO), one of the cancer drugmakers unveiling data at ASCO this year, is now exploring a sale with a price tag that could top $9 billion. FRESH STARTS —Sema4, a 300-employee genomics startup Eric Schadt has been incubating within the Icahn School of Medicine at Mount Sinai, officially spun out of the New York institution this week with plans to raise cash to boost its capabilities. —Kevin Bitterman, the founding CEO of Editas Medicine among other companies and a longtime partner at Boston-area venture capital firm Polaris Partners, was named a partner at nearby Atlas Venture. OPIOIDS & CRISPR —According to Reuters, Ohio Attorney General Mike deWine sued five drug makers, blaming them in part for his state’s worsening epidemic of opioid addiction. The five pharmas named in the suit are Purdue Pharma; Johnson & Johnson (NYSE: JNJ) subsidiary Janssen Pharmaceuticals; a unit of Endo International (NASDAQ: ENDP); Cephalon, a unit of Teva Pharmaceutical (NYSE: TEVA); and Allergan (NYSE: AGN). —Stock prices of Editas Medicine (NASDAQ: EDIT), CRISPR Therapeutics (NASDAQ: CRSP), and Intellia Therapeutics (NASDAQ: NTLA) dropped sharply after the publication of a Nature Methods article that described unintended effects stemming from the use of CRISPR-Cas9 gene-editing technology. But as Xconomy noted two years ago, the possibility of “off-target effects” from use of these tools have long been a concern. NEW FDA REVIEWS & APPROVALS —Positive Phase 3 clinical trial results for a Teva migraine drug now put the Israel-based drugmaker on track to file for FDA approval later this year. A rival drug from Amgen is already under FDA review, and Alder Biopharmaceuticals and Eli Lilly are also in the hunt with similar therapies. — Sunnyvale, CA-based Intuitive Surgical (NASDAQ: ISRG) won FDA clearance for the da Vinci X Surgical System, the latest iteration of its robotic-assisted surgery platform, and will launch it the U.S. later this year. DEALS & FUNDINGS —Mid-size drug developer Bicycle Therapeutics raised $52 million in a Series B round to bring an experimental cancer therapy into clinical trials. —Menlo Park, CA-based Grail, which is developing a blood test to detect cancer at its earliest stages, announced a merger with Cirina, a China-based company founded by blood diagnostics pioneer Dennis Lo. —Newark, CA-based Protagonist Therapeutics (NASDAQ: PTGX) inked a deal with Johnson & Johnson (NYSE: JNJ) subsidiary Janssen Biotech to develop a drug treating inflammatory bowel disorders such as Crohn’s disease. —ImmunoGen (NASDAQ: IMMU) got $30 million from Sanofi (NYSE: SNY) to amend a 2003 deal and give up its right to co-promote a group of experimental cancer drugs in the U.S.. —Array Biopharma (NASDAQ: ARRY) will get $31.6 million up front in a deal with Ono Pharmaceutical for partial rights to two of the Boulder, CO, biotech’s cancer drugs. Frank Vinluan contributed to this report. Ben Fidler is Xconomy's Deputy Biotechnology Editor. You can e-mail him at bfidler@xconomy.com Follow @benthefidler Share on Facebook Share on Twitter LinkedIn Email Reprints More from EXOME On ASCO’s Eve, Experts Fret Over Backlash to Cancer Combo Frenzy In Maine, Making Cancer DNA Tests Free—And Asking Tough Questions Biotech Roundup: ASCO, BIO, Drug Setbacks, Incubators & More Trending on Xconomy On ASCO’s Eve, Experts Fret Over Backlash to Cancer Combo Frenzy As Big Cancer Trials Ramp Up, Grail Goes Global, Merges With Cirina Cord Cutting: How to Get High-Speed Internet Service Without Cable X Xconomy IMPACT So many companies want to "change the world," but how do you build something that makes a real difference? Find out what Boston companies are making an impact on society on June 22! June 22, 2017 Register Now! Underwriters and Partners From Our Advertisers National search for the best medical device start-up Applications NOW open for TMCx Medical Device Accelerator. TMC Innovation The Feed Tweets from https://twitter.com/Xconomy/lists/lifesci Home Privacy/DMCA Security Disclosures About Contact Us Archives Advertise Subscribe for Free Business, life sciences, and technology news — covering Boston, Seattle, San Diego, Detroit/Ann Arbor, San Francisco, New York, Raleigh-Durham, Boulder/Denver, Texas, Wisconsin, Indiana, and beyond. © 2007-2017, Xconomy, Inc. Xconomy is a registered service mark of Xconomy, Inc. All rights reserved. Website development support from Andrew Koyfman with design support from Rob Hunter.
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 2 June 2017 by Jignesh Thakkar Adoptive Cell Therapy for Cancer Treatment Market Size, Trends and Forecast 2022, Business Opportunities & Future Investments ‘2017 Global Adoptive Cell Therapy for Cancer Treatment Market Status, 2011-2022 Market Historical and Forecasts, Professional Market Research Report’ is the latest market intelligence on growth drivers, industry and regional trends, competitive landscape scenario as well as upstream and downstream sectors. This report studies Adoptive Cell Therapy for Cancer Treatment in Global market, especially in North America, China, Europe, Southeast Asia, Japan and India, with production, revenue, consumption, import and export in these regions, from 2012 to 2016, and forecast to 2022. This report focuses on top manufacturers in global market, with production, price, revenue and market share for each manufacturer, covering – Amgen, Merck, Eli Lilly, GlaxoSmithKline, Janssen, Genentech, Roche, Bristol-Myers Squibb Request a sample copy of Global Adoptive Cell Therapy for Cancer Treatment Market Research Report @ https://marketsizeforecasters.com/get-sample/73245/?utm_source=SPR-NL By types, the market can be split into – Surgery, Chemotherapy, Radiotherapy By Application, the market can be split into – Autologous adoptive T cell therapy, Allogeneic Adoptive T cell therapy The lisetd pricing for this Adoptive Cell Therapy for Cancer Treatment market report starts at US $3500. Request Discount for Global Adoptive Cell Therapy for Cancer Treatment Industry Research Report @ https://marketsizeforecasters.com/enquire-for-discount/73245 By Regions, this report covers (we can add the regions/countries as you want) – North America, China, Europe, Southeast Asia, Japan, India Browse full table of contents and data tables For Global Adoptive Cell Therapy for Cancer Treatment Report @ https://marketsizeforecasters.com/global-adoptive-cell-therapy-for-cancer-treatment-market Related Reports: – China Cancer Treatment Drugs Market by Manufacturers, Regions (Province), Type and Application, Forecast to 2022 Cancer Treatment Drugs are used to treat malignancies, or cancerous growths. Depending on the technology it cans classification into Chemotherapy, Targeted Therapy, Immunotherapy (Biologic Therapy), Hormonal Therapy and Others. https://marketsizeforecasters.com/china-cancer-treatment-drugs-market About Us: MarketSizeForecasters.com, a Skyline Market Research LLP brand, is an online aggregator of market research reports. MarketSizeForecasters.com offers a comprehensive collection of full length reports on global and regional markets in 100+ industry verticals. We have partnered with some of the leading business and market research publishing houses and regularly update our online library to offer wide range of reports to our customers. Contact Us: Market Size Forecasters The Green Suite #4594, Dover, DE 19901 United States Phone: +1-201-355-0868 US Toll Free: +1 866-764-2150 Email: sales@marketsizeforecasters.com Website: http://www.marketsizeforecasters.com/ News: https://marketsizeforecasters.com/news Connect with us: LinkedIn| Twitter CategoriesGoogle News, satPRnews TagsAdoptive Cell Therapy for Cancer Treatment, Adoptive Cell Therapy for Cancer Treatment Industry, Adoptive Cell Therapy for Cancer Treatment Market, Global Adoptive Cell Therapy for Cancer Treatment Industry, Global Adoptive Cell Therapy for Cancer Treatment Market Post navigation Previous PostPrevious 資本市場進化：創紀錄的月份！10筆交易採用Dealogic Connect Next PostNext Eversource Energy Acquires Aquarion Water Company Search Recent Posts Ion Exchange Resins Market expected to grow at a CAGR of 5.4% from 2016 – 2026 Asia-Pacific STV Stevia Market Research Report 2017 to 2022 Global Methionine Market Analysis- Size, Share, overview, scope, Revenue, Gross Margin, Segment and Forecast 2017 IBM Research Alliance Builds New Transistor for 5nm Technology Mobile Phone Accessories Market will reach at a CAGR of 6.9% from 2015 to 2025 Business Directory Business Contacts Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 2 June 2017 by Maciej Heyman Adoptive Cell Therapy for Cancer Treatment Industry Production, Sales Revenue and Opportunity 2017 to 2022 Adoptive Cell Therapy for Cancer Treatment Industry 2017 Market Research Report was a professional and depth research report on Adoptive Cell Therapy for Cancer Treatment industry that you would know the world’s major regional market conditions of Adoptive Cell Therapy for Cancer Treatment industry, the main region including North American, Europe and Asia etc, and the main country including USA, EU, China, South East Asia, India, Japan and etc. This report studies Adoptive Cell Therapy for Cancer Treatment in Global market, especially in North America, China, Europe, Southeast Asia, Japan and India, with production, revenue, consumption, import and export in these regions, from 2012 to 2016, and forecast to 2022. This report focuses on top manufacturers in global market, with production, price, revenue and market share for each manufacturer, covering – Amgen, Merck, Eli Lilly, GlaxoSmithKline, Janssen, Genentech, Roche, Bristol-Myers Squibb Request a sample copy of Global Adoptive Cell Therapy for Cancer Treatment Market Research Report @ marketsizeforecasters.com/get-sample/73245/?utm_source=OP… By types, the market can be split into – Surgery, Chemotherapy, Radiotherapy By Application, the market can be split into – Autologous adoptive T cell therapy, Allogeneic Adoptive T cell therapy The lisetd pricing for this Adoptive Cell Therapy for Cancer Treatment market report starts at US $3500. Request Discount for Global Adoptive Cell Therapy for Cancer Treatment Industry Research Report @ marketsizeforecasters.com/enquire-for-discount/73245 By Regions, this report covers (we can add the regions/countries as you want) – North America, China, Europe, Southeast Asia, Japan, India Browse full table of contents and data tables For Global Adoptive Cell Therapy for Cancer Treatment Report @ marketsizeforecasters.com/global-adoptive-cell-therapy-fo… Related Reports: – China Cancer Treatment Drugs Market by Manufacturers, Regions (Province), Type and Application, Forecast to 2022 Cancer Treatment Drugs are used to treat malignancies, or cancerous growths. Depending on the technology it cans classification into Chemotherapy, Targeted Therapy, Immunotherapy (Biologic Therapy), Hormonal Therapy and Others. marketsizeforecasters.com/china-cancer-treatment-drugs-ma… MarketSizeForecasters.com, a Skyline Market Research LLP brand, is an online aggregator of market research reports. MarketSizeForecasters.com offers a comprehensive collection of full length reports on global and regional markets in 100+ industry verticals. We have partnered with some of the leading business and market research publishing houses and regularly update our online library to offer wide range of reports to our customers. Market Size Forecasters The Green Suite #4594, Dover, DE 19901 United States Phone: +1-201-355-0868 US Toll Free: +1 866-764-2150 Email: sales@marketsizeforecasters.com Website: www.marketsizeforecasters.com/ News: marketsizeforecasters.com/news Connect with us: LinkedIn| Twitter This release was published on openPR. CategoriesUncategorized TagsBusiness, Economy, Finances, Banking & Insurance Post navigation Previous PostPrevious HealthAnswers Education a finalist for LTEN Excellence Award Industry Partner category Next PostNext North America Men Personal Care Market Research Report 2017 – Research and Markets Search Recent Posts Yonsei University Partners With Editage to Promote its Research Through Video Napa Valley Vintners Collaborate to Raise $15.7 Million for Community at Annual Auction Napa Valley Big Switch Networks appoints James Wong as General Manager, South Asia Zambian Radio Live – Internet Stream Player 3.2 for iOS India (#1) and China (#2) Top the 2017 A.T. Kearney Global Retail Development Index™ Rankings Business Directory Business Contacts Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Proudly powered by WordPress
Latest News Dow 21,206 +62.11 +0.29% Nasdaq 6,306 +58.97 +0.94% S&P 500 2,439 +9.01 +0.37% 12:38 A.M. ET Updated Saudi Arabia, Bahrain, UAE sever diplomatic relations with Qatar 6/04 Updated Asian markets hold steady, shaking off U.K. tensions 6/04 Updated Herbalife to lower its quarterly sales outlook: report 6/04 Vladimir Putin was being a troll and Megyn Kelly wasn’t having it 6/04 Top Democrat says there’s smoke, but ‘no smoking gun’ yet in Russia probe 6/04 Updated This is why baby boomers are divorcing at a stunning rate 6/04 Putin denies U.S. election meddling, says he barely met Mike Flynn 6/04 Updated 4 lifestyle changes to reduce your cancer risk 6/04 Updated 9 secrets to staying young 6/04 Updated How to get all Americans to save for retirement 6/04 Updated When does the five-year rule apply to Roth IRAs? 6/04 Updated Facebook aims to be ‘hostile environment for terrorists’ 6/04 Updated You’ve probably never heard of the fastest-growing job in America (clue: it helps the environment) 6/04 Updated U.S. households now have as much debt as they had in 2008 6/04 Updated Baby boomers ruined America, according to this Generation X author 6/04 Updated Teenage boys and girls are choosing very different careers 6/04 Updated More evidence student debt is making young people think twice about marriage 6/04 Updated 11 ways to build a Paris climate change accord — in your own community 6/04 Updated Is my golfing buddy the cheapest guy in America? He asked me to Venmo him $1.50 6/04 Updated Want to help the environment? Use solar power — without putting panels on your roof Log In Home News Viewer Video SectorWatch Podcasts First Take Games Portfolio My MarketWatch News Viewer Markets U.S. Europe/Middle East Emerging Markets Asia Canada SectorWatch Columns Market Snapshot Movers & Shakers The Tell Currencies Futures Movers Pre-Market News Tools Earnings Wall Markets Overview IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar Currency Tools Futures Contracts Market Screener Hulbert Interactive Investing Stocks Mutual Funds ETFs Options Bonds Commodities Currencies Futures Financial Adviser Center Hedge Funds/Insider Trades Getting Started MarketWatch Adviser Columns Options Trader Revolution Investing Tools Stock Screener Funds Finder ETF Screener Options Screener IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar More... Personal Finance 10 Things Big Spender Real Estate Spending & Saving Taxes Columns The Moneyologist Brett Arends Bill Bischoff Amy Hoak Chuck Jaffe Jennifer Openshaw Jennifer Waters Tools Funds Finder Today's Rates Retirement Retire Here, Not There Encore Taxes How-to Guides Social Security Estate Planning Events Columns Robert Powell's Retirement Portfolio Andrea Coombes's Working Retirement Tools Retirement Planner How long will my money last? Economy Federal Reserve Capitol Report Economic Report Columns Darrell Delamaide Irwin Kellner Rex Nutting Tools Economic Calendar Real Estate realtor.com My MarketWatch Watchlist Alerts Games Log In Home Press Release With Nearly Three Years of Follow-Up, KEYTRUDA® (pembrolizumab) Data Demonstrated Improved Survival Benefit Compared to Ipilimumab in Advanced Melanoma By Published: June 2, 2017 7:30 a.m. ET Share Findings Show Durable Responses with KEYTRUDA after Treatment Concluded:91 Percent of Patients Who Discontinued Treatment at Two Years Were Alive Without Progression of Disease after a Median Follow-Up of Nearly 10 Months KENILWORTH, N.J., Jun 02, 2017 (BUSINESS WIRE) -- Merck MRK, +0.32% known as MSD outside the United States and Canada, today announced updated longer-term overall survival (OS) data from KEYNOTE-006, the phase 3 study evaluating KEYTRUDA [®] (pembrolizumab), the company’s anti-PD-1 therapy, in patients with unresectable or metastatic melanoma. The data showed sustained superior survival outcomes for patients receiving KEYTRUDA (monotherapy) compared to ipilimumab in patients who were treatment-naïve or received one prior line of therapy for the treatment of advanced melanoma. The survival benefit was sustained in patients who completed the planned two years of treatment with KEYTRUDA. These data will be presented in an oral session at the 2017 American Society of Clinical Oncology (ASCO) Annual Meeting in Chicago on Sunday, June 4, from 9:12 to 9:24 a.m. CDT (location:Arie Crown Theater) (Abstract #9504). In the longer-term findings to be presented, treatment with KEYTRUDA was associated with a 30 percent improvement in survival: 50 percent of patients in the KEYTRUDA group (based on a pooled analysis of the two doses studied:10 mg/kg every two weeks or 10 mg/kg every three weeks)(based on a pooled analysis of the two doses studied:n=556) were alive nearly three years (33.9 months) after starting treatment with KEYTRUDA, compared to 39 percent of patients in the ipilimumab group (n=278) (hr:0.70 [95% CI)(hr:0.58-0.86]). In addition, KEYTRUDA nearly doubled the rate of progression-free survival (PFS) at 33.9 months: 31 percent of patients in the KEYTRUDA group were alive and their disease had not progressed, compared to 14 percent of patients in the ipilimumab group. “KEYTRUDA continues to demonstrate improved overall survival compared to ipilimumab, and the findings to be presented at ASCO reinforce the benefit of KEYTRUDA in the treatment of advanced melanoma,” said Dr. Roger Dansey, senior vice president and therapeutic area head, oncology late-stage development, Merck Research Laboratories. The KEYTRUDA (pembrolizumab) clinical development program includes more than 30 tumor types in more than 500 clinical trials, including more than 300 trials that combine KEYTRUDA with other cancer treatments. Today, KEYTRUDA is approved for the treatment of advanced melanoma in more than 50 countries, including the United States and throughout Europe. “With longer-term follow-up in this study, we are continuing to see superior survival with KEYTRUDA, including in patients whose treatment has concluded,” said Dr. Caroline Robert, head of dermatology at Gustave Roussy, Villejuif and Paris-Sud University Cancer Campus, Grand Paris. “Importantly, these findings also continue to reaffirm the established safety profile for KEYTRUDA.” Key Findings from the KEYNOTE-006 Study KEYNOTE-006 is a global, open-label, randomized, pivotal, phase 3 study evaluating KEYTRUDA compared to ipilimumab in patients with unresectable stage III or IV advanced melanoma who had either not been treated previously (first-line treatment setting) or who had received one prior therapy (in the KEYTRUDA arm 34% received prior therapy; in the ipilimumab arm, 35% received prior therapy). The study randomized 834 patients to receive KEYTRUDA 10 mg/kg every three weeks, KEYTRUDA 10 mg/kg every two weeks, or four cycles of ipilimumab 3 mg/kg every three weeks. Treatment continued until unacceptable toxicity or disease progression; patients without disease progression could be treated for up to 24 months. The co-primary endpoints were PFS and OS; secondary endpoints were overall response rate (ORR), duration of response and safety, with an exploratory analysis for health-related quality of life (QoL). Tumor response was assessed at week 12, then every 6 weeks until week 48, then every 12 weeks thereafter per Response Evaluation Criteria in Solid Tumors (RECIST) v1.1 by independent, central, blinded radiographic review and investigator-assessed, immune-related response criteria. The findings to be presented at ASCO were based on a pooled analysis of data from patients receiving the two doses of KEYTRUDA (10 mg/kg every two weeks or 10 mg/kg every three weeks; n=556). Analyses of these data continued to show superior OS, PFS and ORR compared to ipilimumab with follow-up of nearly three years (33.9 months). Specifically, long-term OS data showed 50 percent of patients in the KEYTRUDA (pembrolizumab) treatment arm (n=556) were alive at 33.9 months after starting treatment, compared to 39 percent of patients in the ipilimumab arm (n=278) (hr:0.70 [95% CI)(hr:0.58-0.86]). The PFS endpoint showed that 31 percent of patients in the KEYTRUDA arm were alive and were disease progression-free at 33.9 months, compared to 14 percent of patients receiving ipilimumab (hr:0.56 [95% CI)(hr:0.47-0.67]). ORR, as assessed by investigator, was 42 percent for patients in the KEYTRUDA arm (range:38-46), compared to 16 percent for patients receiving ipilimumab (range:12-21). In patients in the KEYTRUDA arm, the complete response rate was 13 percent (95% CI, 11-16) and the partial response rate was 29 percent (95% CI, 25-33); in patients in the ipilimumab arm, the complete response rate was 3 percent (95% CI, 1-6) and the partial response rate was 14 percent (95% CI, 10-18). The responses achieved continue to be durable, as the median duration of response has not been reached. Further analyses were conducted to assess the outcomes in patients who had completed 94 or more weeks of treatment with KEYTRUDA (n=104/556) and stopped treatment as planned per protocol. After a median follow-up of 9.7 months since stopping treatment, the estimated PFS was 91 percent (95% CI, 80-96). With longer follow-up, adverse events have remained consistent with previously reported safety data. There was one treatment-related death in the KEYTRUDA arm. In patients treated with KEYTRUDA, immune-mediated adverse events observed in more than 2 percent of patients were hypothyroidism (11%), hyperthyroidism (5%), colitis (3%), skin disorders (3%), and pneumonitis (2%). About Melanoma Melanoma, the most serious form of skin cancer, is characterized by the uncontrolled growth of pigment-producing cells. The incidence of melanoma has been increasing over the past four decades – approximately 232,000 new cases were diagnosed worldwide in 2012. In the U.S., melanoma is one of the most common types of cancer diagnosed and is responsible for the vast majority of skin cancer deaths. In 2016, an estimated 76,380 people are expected to be diagnosed and an estimated 10,130 people are expected to die of the disease in the U.S. alone. The five-year survival rates for advanced or metastatic melanoma (Stage IV) are estimated to be 15 to 20 percent. About KEYTRUDA [®] (pembrolizumab) Injection KEYTRUDA is an anti-PD-1 therapy that works by increasing the ability of the body’s immune system to help detect and fight tumor cells. KEYTRUDA is a humanized monoclonal antibody that blocks the interaction between PD-1 and its ligands, PD-L1 and PD-L2, thereby activating T lymphocytes which may affect both tumor cells and healthy cells. Studies of KEYTRUDA – from the largest immuno-oncology program in the industry with more than 500 trials – include a wide variety of cancers and treatment settings. The KEYTRUDA clinical program seeks to understand factors that predict a patient’s likelihood of benefitting from treatment with KEYTRUDA, including the exploration of several different biomarkers across a broad range of tumors. KEYTRUDA is administered as an intravenous infusion over 30 minutes every three weeks for the approved indications. KEYTRUDA for injection is supplied in a 100 mg single-dose vial. KEYTRUDA [®] (pembrolizumab)Indications and Dosing Melanoma KEYTRUDA is indicated for the treatment of patients with unresectable or metastatic melanoma at a fixed dose of 200 mg every three weeks until disease progression or unacceptable toxicity. Lung Cancer KEYTRUDA, as a single agent, is indicated for the first-line treatment of patients with metastatic non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC) whose tumors have high PD-L1 expression [tumor proportion score (TPS) greater-than or equal to 50%] as determined by an FDA-approved test, with no EGFR or ALK genomic tumor aberrations. KEYTRUDA, as a single agent, is also indicated for the treatment of patients with metastatic NSCLC whose tumors express PD-L1 (TPS greater-than or equal to 1%) as determined by an FDA-approved test, with disease progression on or after platinum-containing chemotherapy. Patients with EGFR or ALK genomic tumor aberrations should have disease progression on FDA-approved therapy for these aberrations prior to receiving KEYTRUDA. KEYTRUDA, in combination with pemetrexed and carboplatin, is indicated for the first-line treatment of patients with metastatic nonsquamous NSCLC. This indication is approved under accelerated approval based on tumor response rate and progression-free survival. Continued approval for this indication may be contingent upon verification and description of clinical benefit in the confirmatory trials. In metastatic NSCLC, KEYTRUDA (pembrolizumab) is administered at a fixed dose of 200 mg every three weeks until disease progression, unacceptable toxicity, or up to 24 months in patients without disease progression. When administering KEYTRUDA in combination with chemotherapy, KEYTRUDA should be administered prior to chemotherapy when given on the same day. See also the Prescribing Information for pemetrexed and carboplatin. Head and Neck Cancer KEYTRUDA is indicated for the treatment of patients with recurrent or metastatic head and neck squamous cell carcinoma (HNSCC) with disease progression on or after platinum-containing chemotherapy. This indication is approved under accelerated approval based on tumor response rate and durability of response. Continued approval for this indication may be contingent upon verification and description of clinical benefit in the confirmatory trials. In HNSCC, KEYTRUDA is administered at a fixed dose of 200 mg every three weeks until disease progression, unacceptable toxicity, or up to 24 months in patients without disease progression. Classical Hodgkin Lymphoma KEYTRUDA is indicated for the treatment of adult and pediatric patients with refractory classical Hodgkin lymphoma (cHL), or who have relapsed after three or more prior lines of therapy. This indication is approved under accelerated approval based on tumor response rate and durability of response. Continued approval for this indication may be contingent upon verification and description of clinical benefit in the confirmatory trials. In adults with cHL, KEYTRUDA is administered at a fixed dose of 200 mg every three weeks until disease progression or unacceptable toxicity, or up to 24 months in patients without disease progression. In pediatric patients with cHL, KEYTRUDA is administered at a dose of 2 mg/kg (up to a maximum of 200 mg) every three weeks until disease progression or unacceptable toxicity, or up to 24 months in patients without disease progression. Urothelial Carcinoma KEYTRUDA is indicated for the treatment of patients with locally advanced or metastatic urothelial carcinoma who are not eligible for cisplatin-containing chemotherapy. This indication is approved under accelerated approval based on tumor response rate and duration of response. Continued approval for this indication may be contingent upon verification and description of clinical benefit in the confirmatory trials. KEYTRUDA (pembrolizumab) is also indicated for the treatment of patients with locally advanced or metastatic urothelial carcinoma who have disease progression during or following platinum-containing chemotherapy or within 12 months of neoadjuvant or adjuvant treatment with platinum-containing chemotherapy. In locally advanced or metastatic urothelial carcinoma, KEYTRUDA is administered at a fixed dose of 200 mg every three weeks until disease progression or unacceptable toxicity, or up to 24 months in patients without disease progression. Microsatellite Instability-High (MSI-H) Cancer KEYTRUDA is indicated for the treatment of adult and pediatric patients with unresectable or metastatic microsatellite instability-high (MSI-H) or mismatch repair deficient (dMMR) solid tumors that have progressed following prior treatment and who have no satisfactory alternative treatment options, or colorectal cancer that has progressed following treatment with fluoropyrimidine, oxaliplatin, and irinotecan. This indication is approved under accelerated approval based on tumor response rate and durability of response. Continued approval for this indication may be contingent upon verification and description of clinical benefit in the confirmatory trials. The safety and effectiveness of KEYTRUDA in pediatric patients with MSI-H central nervous system cancers have not been established. In adult patients with MSI-H cancer, KEYTRUDA is administered at a fixed dose of 200 mg every three weeks until disease progression, unacceptable toxicity, or up to 24 months in patients without disease progression. In pediatric patients with MSI-H cancer, KEYTRUDA is administered at a dose of 2 mg/kg (up to a maximum of 200 mg) every three weeks until disease progression or unacceptable toxicity, or up to 24 months in patients without disease progression. Selected Important Safety Information for KEYTRUDA [®]  (pembrolizumab) KEYTRUDA can cause immune-mediated pneumonitis, including fatal cases. Pneumonitis occurred in 94 (3.4%) of 2799 patients receiving KEYTRUDA, including Grade 1 (0.8%), 2 (1.3%), 3 (0.9%), 4 (0.3%), and 5 (0.1%) pneumonitis, and occurred more frequently in patients with a history of prior thoracic radiation (6.9%) compared to those without (2.9%). Monitor patients for signs and symptoms of pneumonitis. Evaluate suspected pneumonitis with radiographic imaging. Administer corticosteroids for Grade 2 or greater pneumonitis. Withhold KEYTRUDA (pembrolizumab) for Grade 2; permanently discontinue KEYTRUDA for Grade 3 or 4 or recurrent Grade 2 pneumonitis. KEYTRUDA can cause immune-mediated colitis. Colitis occurred in 48 (1.7%) of 2799 patients receiving KEYTRUDA, including Grade 2 (0.4%), 3 (1.1%), and 4 (<0.1%) colitis. Monitor patients for signs and symptoms of colitis. Administer corticosteroids for Grade 2 or greater colitis. Withhold KEYTRUDA for Grade 2 or 3; permanently discontinue KEYTRUDA for Grade 4 colitis. KEYTRUDA can cause immune-mediated hepatitis. Hepatitis occurred in 19 (0.7%) of 2799 patients receiving KEYTRUDA, including Grade 2 (0.1%), 3 (0.4%), and 4 (<0.1%) hepatitis. Monitor patients for changes in liver function. Administer corticosteroids for Grade 2 or greater hepatitis and, based on severity of liver enzyme elevations, withhold or discontinue KEYTRUDA. KEYTRUDA can cause hypophysitis. Hypophysitis occurred in 17 (0.6%) of 2799 patients receiving KEYTRUDA, including Grade 2 (0.2%), 3 (0.3%), and 4 (<0.1%) hypophysitis. Monitor patients for signs and symptoms of hypophysitis (including hypopituitarism and adrenal insufficiency). Administer corticosteroids and hormone replacement as clinically indicated. Withhold KEYTRUDA for Grade 2; withhold or discontinue for Grade 3 or 4 hypophysitis. KEYTRUDA can cause thyroid disorders, including hyperthyroidism, hypothyroidism, and thyroiditis. Hyperthyroidism occurred in 96 (3.4%) of 2799 patients receiving KEYTRUDA, including Grade 2 (0.8%) and 3 (0.1%) hyperthyroidism. Hypothyroidism occurred in 237 (8.5%) of 2799 patients receiving KEYTRUDA, including Grade 2 (6.2%) and 3 (0.1%) hypothyroidism. Thyroiditis occurred in 16 (0.6%) of 2799 patients receiving KEYTRUDA, including Grade 2 (0.3%) thyroiditis. Monitor patients for changes in thyroid function (at the start of treatment, periodically during treatment, and as indicated based on clinical evaluation) and for clinical signs and symptoms of thyroid disorders. Administer replacement hormones for hypothyroidism and manage hyperthyroidism with thionamides and beta-blockers as appropriate. Withhold or discontinue KEYTRUDA for Grade 3 or 4 hyperthyroidism. KEYTRUDA can cause type 1 diabetes mellitus, including diabetic ketoacidosis, which have been reported in 6 (0.2%) of 2799 patients. Monitor patients for hyperglycemia or other signs and symptoms of diabetes. Administer insulin for type 1 diabetes, and withhold KEYTRUDA and administer antihyperglycemics in patients with severe hyperglycemia. KEYTRUDA (pembrolizumab) can cause immune-mediated nephritis. Nephritis occurred in 9 (0.3%) of 2799 patients receiving KEYTRUDA, including Grade 2 (0.1%), 3 (0.1%), and 4 (<0.1%) nephritis. Monitor patients for changes in renal function. Administer corticosteroids for Grade 2 or greater nephritis. Withhold KEYTRUDA for Grade 2; permanently discontinue KEYTRUDA for Grade 3 or 4 nephritis. KEYTRUDA can cause other clinically important immune-mediated adverse reactions. These immune-mediated reactions may occur in any organ system. For suspected immune-mediated adverse reactions, ensure adequate evaluation to confirm etiology or exclude other causes. Based on the severity of the adverse reaction, withhold KEYTRUDA and administer corticosteroids. Upon improvement to Grade 1 or less, initiate corticosteroid taper and continue to taper over at least 1 month. Based on limited data from clinical studies in patients whose immune-related adverse reactions could not be controlled with corticosteroid use, administration of other systemic immunosuppressants can be considered. Resume KEYTRUDA when the adverse reaction remains at Grade 1 or less following corticosteroid taper. Permanently discontinue KEYTRUDA for any Grade 3 immune-mediated adverse reaction that recurs and for any life-threatening immune-mediated adverse reaction. The following clinically significant immune-mediated adverse reactions occurred in less than 1% (unless otherwise indicated) of 2799 patients: arthritis (1.5%), exfoliative dermatitis, bullous pemphigoid, rash (1.4%), uveitis, myositis, Guillain-Barré syndrome, myasthenia gravis, vasculitis, pancreatitis, hemolytic anemia, and partial seizures arising in a patient with inflammatory foci in brain parenchyma. In addition, myelitis and myocarditis were reported in other clinical trials, including classical Hodgkin lymphoma, and postmarketing use. Solid organ transplant rejection has been reported in postmarketing use of KEYTRUDA. Treatment with KEYTRUDA may increase the risk of rejection in solid organ transplant recipients. Consider the benefit of treatment with KEYTRUDA vs the risk of possible organ rejection in these patients. KEYTRUDA can cause severe or life-threatening infusion-related reactions, including hypersensitivity and anaphylaxis, which have been reported in 6 (0.2%) of 2799 patients. Monitor patients for signs and symptoms of infusion-related reactions, including rigors, chills, wheezing, pruritus, flushing, rash, hypotension, hypoxemia, and fever. For Grade 3 or 4 reactions, stop infusion and permanently discontinue KEYTRUDA. Immune-mediated complications, including fatal events, occurred in patients who underwent allogeneic hematopoietic stem cell transplantation (HSCT) after being treated with KEYTRUDA. Of 23 patients with cHL who proceeded to allogeneic HSCT after treatment with KEYTRUDA (pembrolizumab) on any trial, 6 patients (26%) developed graft-versus-host-disease (GVHD), one of which was fatal, and 2 patients (9%) developed severe hepatic veno-occlusive disease (VOD) after reduced-intensity conditioning, one of which was fatal. Cases of fatal hyperacute GVHD after allogeneic HSCT have also been reported in patients with lymphoma who received a PD-1 receptor–blocking antibody before transplantation. These complications may occur despite intervening therapy between PD-1 blockade and allogeneic HSCT. Follow patients closely for early evidence of transplant-related complications such as hyperacute GVHD, severe (Grade 3 to 4) acute GVHD, steroid-requiring febrile syndrome, hepatic VOD, and other immune-mediated adverse reactions, and intervene promptly. Based on its mechanism of action, KEYTRUDA can cause fetal harm when administered to a pregnant woman. If used during pregnancy, or if the patient becomes pregnant during treatment, apprise the patient of the potential hazard to a fetus. Advise females of reproductive potential to use highly effective contraception during treatment and for 4 months after the last dose of KEYTRUDA. In KEYNOTE-006, KEYTRUDA was discontinued due to adverse reactions in 9% of 555 patients with advanced melanoma; adverse reactions leading to discontinuation in more than one patient were colitis (1.4%), autoimmune hepatitis (0.7%), allergic reaction (0.4%), polyneuropathy (0.4%), and cardiac failure (0.4%). Adverse reactions leading to interruption of KEYTRUDA occurred in 21% of patients; the most common (greater-than or equal to 1%) was diarrhea (2.5%). The most common adverse reactions with KEYTRUDA vs ipilimumab were fatigue (28% vs 28%), diarrhea (26% with KEYTRUDA), rash (24% vs 23%), and nausea (21% with KEYTRUDA). Corresponding incidence rates are listed for ipilimumab only for those adverse reactions that occurred at the same or lower rate than with KEYTRUDA. In KEYNOTE-002, KEYTRUDA was discontinued due to adverse reactions in 12% of 357 patients with advanced melanoma; the most common (greater-than or equal to 1%) were general physical health deterioration (1%), asthenia (1%), dyspnea (1%), pneumonitis (1%), and generalized edema (1%). Adverse reactions leading to interruption of KEYTRUDA occurred in 14% of patients; the most common (greater-than or equal to 1%) were dyspnea (1%), diarrhea (1%), and maculopapular rash (1%). The most common adverse reactions with KEYTRUDA vs chemotherapy were fatigue (43% with KEYTRUDA), pruritus (28% vs 8%), rash (24% vs 8%), constipation (22% vs 20%), nausea (22% with KEYTRUDA), diarrhea (20% vs 20%), and decreased appetite (20% with KEYTRUDA). Corresponding incidence rates are listed for chemotherapy only for those adverse reactions that occurred at the same or lower rate than with KEYTRUDA. It is not known whether KEYTRUDA (pembrolizumab) is excreted in human milk. Because many drugs are excreted in human milk, instruct women to discontinue nursing during treatment with KEYTRUDA and for 4 months after the final dose. Our Focus on Cancer Our goal is to translate breakthrough science into innovative oncology medicines to help people with cancer worldwide. At Merck, helping people fight cancer is our passion and supporting accessibility to our cancer medicines is our commitment. Our focus is on pursuing research in immuno-oncology and we are accelerating every step in the journey – from lab to clinic – to potentially bring new hope to people with cancer. As part of our focus on cancer, Merck is committed to exploring the potential of immuno-oncology with one of the fastest-growing development programs in the industry. We are currently executing an expansive research program that includes more than 500 clinical trials evaluating our anti-PD-1 therapy across more than 30 tumor types. We also continue to strengthen our immuno-oncology portfolio through strategic acquisitions and are prioritizing the development of several promising immunotherapeutic candidates with the potential to improve the treatment of advanced cancers. For more information about our oncology clinical trials, visit www.merck.com/clinicaltrials. About Merck For more than a century, Merck, a leading global biopharmaceutical company known as MSD outside of the United States and Canada, has been inventing for life, bringing forward medicines and vaccines for many of the world’s most challenging diseases. Through our prescription medicines, vaccines, biologic therapies and animal health products, we work with customers and operate in more than 140 countries to deliver innovative health solutions. We also demonstrate our commitment to increasing access to health care through far-reaching policies, programs and partnerships. Today, Merck continues to be at the forefront of research to advance the prevention and treatment of diseases that threaten people and communities around the world - including cancer, cardio-metabolic diseases, emerging animal diseases, Alzheimer’s disease and infectious diseases including HIV and Ebola. For more information, visit www.merck.com and connect with us on Twitter, Facebook, Instagram, YouTube and LinkedIn. Forward-Looking Statement of Merck & Co., Inc., Kenilworth, N.J., USA This news release of Merck & Co., Inc., Kenilworth, N.J., USA (the “company”) includes “forward-looking statements” within the meaning of the safe harbor provisions of the U.S. Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These statements are based upon the current beliefs and expectations of the company’s management and are subject to significant risks and uncertainties. There can be no guarantees with respect to pipeline products that the products will receive the necessary regulatory approvals or that they will prove to be commercially successful. If underlying assumptions prove inaccurate or risks or uncertainties materialize, actual results may differ materially from those set forth in the forward-looking statements. Risks and uncertainties include but are not limited to, general industry conditions and competition; general economic factors, including interest rate and currency exchange rate fluctuations; the impact of pharmaceutical industry regulation and health care legislation in the United States and internationally; global trends toward health care cost containment; technological advances, new products and patents attained by competitors; challenges inherent in new product development, including obtaining regulatory approval; the company’s ability to accurately predict future market conditions; manufacturing difficulties or delays; financial instability of international economies and sovereign risk; dependence on the effectiveness of the company’s patents and other protections for innovative products; and the exposure to litigation, including patent litigation, and/or regulatory actions. The company undertakes no obligation to publicly update any forward-looking statement, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. Additional factors that could cause results to differ materially from those described in the forward-looking statements can be found in the company’s 2016 Annual Report on Form 10-K and the company’s other filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) available at the SEC’s Internet site (www.sec.gov). Please see Prescribing Information for KEYTRUDA (pembrolizumab) at  http://www.merck.com/product/usa/pi_circulars/k/keytruda/keytruda_pi.pdf  and Patient Information/Medication Guide for KEYTRUDA at  http://www.merck.com/product/usa/pi_circulars/k/keytruda/keytruda_mg.pdf . View source version on businesswire.com: http://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20170602005183/en/ SOURCE: Merck"> <Property FormalName="PrimaryTwitterHandle" Value="@Merck Merck Media: Pamela Eisele, 267-305-3558 or Elizabeth Sell, 267-305-3877 or Investors: Teri Loxam, 908-740-1986 or Amy Klug, 908-740-1898 Copyright Business Wire 2017 From MarketWatch More Coverage Trump Announcement on Paris Climate Accord Quote References MRK +0.21 +0.32% Most Popular Stock market bracing for potentially the most explosive stretch of trading this year Harley-Davidson is recalling 57,000 motorcycles Paint your bathroom this color and boost your home’s selling price by $5,400 Costco versus Amazon Prime — which membership offers more value? Trump Quits Climate Deal — Citing ‘America First’ MarketWatch Partner Center Sponsored Headlines MarketWatch Site Index Topics Help Feedback Newsroom Roster Media Archive Premium Products Mobile Company Company Info Code of Conduct Corrections Advertising Media Kit Advertise Locally Reprints & Licensing Broker Center Your Ad Choices Dow Jones Network WSJ.com Barron's Online BigCharts Virtual Stock Exchange Financial News London WSJ.com Small Business realtor.com Mansion Global Back to Top Copyright ©2017 MarketWatch, Inc. All rights reserved. By using this site you agree to the Terms of Service, Privacy Policy, and Cookie Policy. Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real-time last sale data for U.S. stock quotes reflect trades reported through Nasdaq only. Intraday data delayed at least 15 minutes or per exchange requirements. Advanced Search Stocks Columns Authors Topics No results found Merck & Co. Inc. U.S.: NYSE: MRK $65.47 +0.21 (+0.32%) Volume 6.1M Open $65.46 High $65.58 Low $65.18 P/E Ratio 42.08 Div Yield 2.87 Market Cap 179.1B
Latest News Dow 21,206 +62.11 +0.29% Nasdaq 6,306 +58.97 +0.94% S&P 500 2,439 +9.01 +0.37% 12:38 A.M. ET Updated Saudi Arabia, Bahrain, UAE sever diplomatic relations with Qatar 6/04 Updated Asian markets hold steady, shaking off U.K. tensions 6/04 Updated Herbalife to lower its quarterly sales outlook: report 6/04 Vladimir Putin was being a troll and Megyn Kelly wasn’t having it 6/04 Top Democrat says there’s smoke, but ‘no smoking gun’ yet in Russia probe 6/04 Updated This is why baby boomers are divorcing at a stunning rate 6/04 Putin denies U.S. election meddling, says he barely met Mike Flynn 6/04 Updated 4 lifestyle changes to reduce your cancer risk 6/04 Updated 9 secrets to staying young 6/04 Updated How to get all Americans to save for retirement 6/04 Updated When does the five-year rule apply to Roth IRAs? 6/04 Updated Facebook aims to be ‘hostile environment for terrorists’ 6/04 Updated You’ve probably never heard of the fastest-growing job in America (clue: it helps the environment) 6/04 Updated U.S. households now have as much debt as they had in 2008 6/04 Updated Baby boomers ruined America, according to this Generation X author 6/04 Updated Teenage boys and girls are choosing very different careers 6/04 Updated More evidence student debt is making young people think twice about marriage 6/04 Updated 11 ways to build a Paris climate change accord — in your own community 6/04 Updated Is my golfing buddy the cheapest guy in America? He asked me to Venmo him $1.50 6/04 Updated Want to help the environment? Use solar power — without putting panels on your roof Log In Home News Viewer Video SectorWatch Podcasts First Take Games Portfolio My MarketWatch News Viewer Markets U.S. Europe/Middle East Emerging Markets Asia Canada SectorWatch Columns Market Snapshot Movers & Shakers The Tell Currencies Futures Movers Pre-Market News Tools Earnings Wall Markets Overview IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar Currency Tools Futures Contracts Market Screener Hulbert Interactive Investing Stocks Mutual Funds ETFs Options Bonds Commodities Currencies Futures Financial Adviser Center Hedge Funds/Insider Trades Getting Started MarketWatch Adviser Columns Options Trader Revolution Investing Tools Stock Screener Funds Finder ETF Screener Options Screener IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar More... Personal Finance 10 Things Big Spender Real Estate Spending & Saving Taxes Columns The Moneyologist Brett Arends Bill Bischoff Amy Hoak Chuck Jaffe Jennifer Openshaw Jennifer Waters Tools Funds Finder Today's Rates Retirement Retire Here, Not There Encore Taxes How-to Guides Social Security Estate Planning Events Columns Robert Powell's Retirement Portfolio Andrea Coombes's Working Retirement Tools Retirement Planner How long will my money last? Economy Federal Reserve Capitol Report Economic Report Columns Darrell Delamaide Irwin Kellner Rex Nutting Tools Economic Calendar Real Estate realtor.com My MarketWatch Watchlist Alerts Games Log In Home Press Release NeoGenomics Announces Expansion of Immuno-Oncology Profiling Tests By Published: June 2, 2017 7:00 a.m. ET Share Jun 02, 2017 (Marketwired via COMTEX) -- FORT MYERS, FL--(Marketwired - June 02, 2017) - NeoGenomics, Inc. NEO, +1.04% a leading provider of cancer-focused genetic testing services, announced today an expansion of its Immuno-Oncology profiling test menu to reflect recent advances in immunotherapy. The Company has expanded its NeoTYPE® cancer profiles to include Tumor Mutation Burden (TMB) and microsatellite instability (MSI) testing. TMB is a new genomic biomarker that is designed to predict response to checkpoint inhibitor immunotherapies targeting the PD-1 and PD-L1 proteins. Studies in lung, melanoma and bladder cancers showed that objective response to checkpoint immunotherapy was predicted by the presence of high TMB. TMB tests will be available on a standalone basis, and in combination with the various cancer-specific NeoTYPE® Profiles offered at NeoGenomics. MSI testing is being added to our profiling in response to the FDA's announcement(1) on May 23rd that Merck's Keytruda drug was approved for the treatment of patients with metastatic solid tumors that have been identified as being MSI-high or mismatch repair deficient (MMR). NeoGenomics offers MSI and MMR testing as part of its comprehensive testing services. Dr. Maher Albitar, the Company's Senior Vice President, Chief Medical Officer and Director of Research and Development, commented, "Despite the significant success of checkpoint inhibitor immunotherapies, not all patients respond to therapy and there is a need to identify the subset of patients that are more likely to respond. NeoGenomics provides a broad range of cancer immuno-profiling tests, including TMB, MMR, MSI, and PD-L1 expression testing, to more precisely determine which patients are good candidates for immunotherapy. This immuno-profiling is combined with genomic profiling for comprehensive multimodality cancer profiling." Douglas VanOort, NeoGenomics' Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, stated, "This timely expansion of our state-of-the-art testing services will help physicians better identify which patients will respond to new advanced immunotherapies. The FDA's announcement last week that it has now approved a drug based on a tumor's biomarkers without regard to the tumor's original location is a major development in the fight against cancer, and it aligns well with our extensive menu of tests that examine cancer biomarkers. Our combination of immuno-oncology testing and genomic profiling using a variety of advanced test methodologies is a demonstration of our commitment to be a leader in precision medicine." (1) U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) Press Release, 5/23/2017, FDA Approves First Cancer Treatment for any Solid Tumor with a Specific Genetic Feature. About NeoGenomics, Inc. NeoGenomics, Inc. specializes in cancer genetics testing and information services. The Company provides one of the most comprehensive oncology-focused testing menus in the world for Physicians to help them diagnose and treat cancer. The Company's Pharma Services division serves pharmaceutical clients in clinical trials and drug development. Headquartered in Fort Myers, FL, NeoGenomics operates CLIA certified laboratories in Aliso Viejo, Fresno, Irvine, and West Sacramento, California; Tampa and Fort Myers, Florida; Houston, Texas and Nashville, Tennessee. NeoGenomics serves the needs of pathologists, oncologists, academic centers, hospital systems, integrated service delivery networks, and managed care organizations throughout the United States. For additional information about NeoGenomics, visit www.neogenomics.com. Forward Looking Statements Except for historical information, all of the statements, expectations and assumptions contained in the foregoing are forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements involve a number of risks and uncertainties that could cause actual future results to differ materially from those anticipated in the forward-looking statements. Actual results could differ materially from such statements expressed or implied herein. Factors that might cause such a difference include, among others, the company's ability to continue gaining new customers, offer new types of tests, and otherwise implement its business plan. As a result, this press release should be read in conjunction with the company's periodic filings with the SEC. For further information, please contact: NeoGenomics, Inc. Steven C. Jones Executive Vice President & Dir. of Investor Relations (239) 325-2001 © 2017 Nasdaq, Inc. All rights reserved. From MarketWatch More Coverage Trump Announcement on Paris Climate Accord Quote References NEO +0.08 +1.04% Most Popular Stock market bracing for potentially the most explosive stretch of trading this year Harley-Davidson is recalling 57,000 motorcycles Paint your bathroom this color and boost your home’s selling price by $5,400 Costco versus Amazon Prime — which membership offers more value? Trump Quits Climate Deal — Citing ‘America First’ MarketWatch Partner Center Sponsored Headlines MarketWatch Site Index Topics Help Feedback Newsroom Roster Media Archive Premium Products Mobile Company Company Info Code of Conduct Corrections Advertising Media Kit Advertise Locally Reprints & Licensing Broker Center Your Ad Choices Dow Jones Network WSJ.com Barron's Online BigCharts Virtual Stock Exchange Financial News London WSJ.com Small Business realtor.com Mansion Global Back to Top Copyright ©2017 MarketWatch, Inc. All rights reserved. By using this site you agree to the Terms of Service, Privacy Policy, and Cookie Policy. Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real-time last sale data for U.S. stock quotes reflect trades reported through Nasdaq only. Intraday data delayed at least 15 minutes or per exchange requirements. Advanced Search Stocks Columns Authors Topics No results found NeoGenomics Inc. U.S.: Nasdaq: NEO $7.79 +0.08 (+1.04%) Volume 554.7K Open $7.68 High $7.82 Low $7.54 P/E Ratio 0 Div Yield 0 Market Cap 617.3M
Skip to Main Content Site Map Marketwired Français Media Partners About Us Blog Facebook Twitter YouTube LinkedIn Google+ Search Site News Products Marketwired Resonate Marketwired Influencers News Distribution IR/PR Newsroom (Impress) Media Database (Mediahub) Powered by Sysomos Request a Demo Solutions Public Relations Investor Relations Small Business Newsroom All News Headlines Only Advanced Search RSS Newsfeeds Hot Off the Wire Personal Beat CASL Compliance Resources Brochures Case Studies E-Books / Tip Sheets Webinars / Videos Contact Us Our Locations Become a Media Partner Become a Channel Partner Request More Information Request a Demo Sign In Where would you like to sign in? My Marketwired Account Personal Beat Marketwired Resonate Hot Off the Wire News Dashboard 2.0 Mediahub Register for a Marketwired Account News Room Print Friendly Share SOURCE: NeoGenomics, Inc. June 02, 2017 07:00 ET NeoGenomics Announces Expansion of Immuno-Oncology Profiling Tests FORT MYERS, FL--(Marketwired - June 02, 2017) - NeoGenomics, Inc. (NASDAQ: NEO), a leading provider of cancer-focused genetic testing services, announced today an expansion of its Immuno-Oncology profiling test menu to reflect recent advances in immunotherapy. The Company has expanded its NeoTYPE® cancer profiles to include Tumor Mutation Burden (TMB) and microsatellite instability (MSI) testing. TMB is a new genomic biomarker that is designed to predict response to checkpoint inhibitor immunotherapies targeting the PD-1 and PD-L1 proteins. Studies in lung, melanoma and bladder cancers showed that objective response to checkpoint immunotherapy was predicted by the presence of high TMB. TMB tests will be available on a standalone basis, and in combination with the various cancer-specific NeoTYPE® Profiles offered at NeoGenomics. MSI testing is being added to our profiling in response to the FDA's announcement(1) on May 23rd that Merck's Keytruda drug was approved for the treatment of patients with metastatic solid tumors that have been identified as being MSI-high or mismatch repair deficient (MMR). NeoGenomics offers MSI and MMR testing as part of its comprehensive testing services. Dr. Maher Albitar, the Company's Senior Vice President, Chief Medical Officer and Director of Research and Development, commented, "Despite the significant success of checkpoint inhibitor immunotherapies, not all patients respond to therapy and there is a need to identify the subset of patients that are more likely to respond. NeoGenomics provides a broad range of cancer immuno-profiling tests, including TMB, MMR, MSI, and PD-L1 expression testing, to more precisely determine which patients are good candidates for immunotherapy. This immuno-profiling is combined with genomic profiling for comprehensive multimodality cancer profiling." Douglas VanOort, NeoGenomics' Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, stated, "This timely expansion of our state-of-the-art testing services will help physicians better identify which patients will respond to new advanced immunotherapies. The FDA's announcement last week that it has now approved a drug based on a tumor's biomarkers without regard to the tumor's original location is a major development in the fight against cancer, and it aligns well with our extensive menu of tests that examine cancer biomarkers. Our combination of immuno-oncology testing and genomic profiling using a variety of advanced test methodologies is a demonstration of our commitment to be a leader in precision medicine." (1) U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) Press Release, 5/23/2017, FDA Approves First Cancer Treatment for any Solid Tumor with a Specific Genetic Feature. About NeoGenomics, Inc. NeoGenomics, Inc. specializes in cancer genetics testing and information services. The Company provides one of the most comprehensive oncology-focused testing menus in the world for Physicians to help them diagnose and treat cancer. The Company's Pharma Services division serves pharmaceutical clients in clinical trials and drug development. Headquartered in Fort Myers, FL, NeoGenomics operates CLIA certified laboratories in Aliso Viejo, Fresno, Irvine, and West Sacramento, California; Tampa and Fort Myers, Florida; Houston, Texas and Nashville, Tennessee. NeoGenomics serves the needs of pathologists, oncologists, academic centers, hospital systems, integrated service delivery networks, and managed care organizations throughout the United States. For additional information about NeoGenomics, visit www.neogenomics.com. Forward Looking Statements Except for historical information, all of the statements, expectations and assumptions contained in the foregoing are forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements involve a number of risks and uncertainties that could cause actual future results to differ materially from those anticipated in the forward-looking statements. Actual results could differ materially from such statements expressed or implied herein. Factors that might cause such a difference include, among others, the company's ability to continue gaining new customers, offer new types of tests, and otherwise implement its business plan. As a result, this press release should be read in conjunction with the company's periodic filings with the SEC. Contact Information For further information, please contact: NeoGenomics, Inc. Steven C. Jones Executive Vice President & Dir. of Investor Relations (239) 325-2001 Print Friendly Share News Room   View Related News About this company NeoGenomics, Inc. From this industry Medical and Healthcare Pharmaceuticals and Biotech From this sub-industry Healthcare Biotech See all RSS Newsfeeds     About Marketwired   Marketwired News   Community Builders Privacy Site Map Accessibility Products   Marketwired Resonate   Marketwired Influencers   News Distribution   IR/PR Newsroom (Impress)   Media Database (Mediahub) Resources   Brochures   Case Studies   E-Books / Tip Sheets   Webinars / Videos Newsroom   All News   Headlines Only   Advanced Search   RSS Newsfeeds   Hot Off the Wire   Personal Beat   CASL Compliance Connect With Us Facebook Twitter YouTube LinkedIn Google+ MARKETWIRED IS NOW PART OF NASDAQ Copyright ©2016 Nasdaq, Inc. All rights reserved. Legal You are using an outdated browser For a better experience using this site, please upgrade to a modern web browser.
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 2 June 2017 by Rahul Jadhav Global Anti Aging Products and Therapies Market is Anticipated to Surpass $237.8 Billion by 2022 – Market Research Report 2017 According to Stratistics MRC, the Global Anti-Aging Products and Therapies market is accounted for $127.9 billion in 2015 and is expected to reach $237.8 billion by 2022 growing at a CAGR of 9.2% from 2015 to 2022. Factors such as increasing demand for anti-aging hair care products, rise in urbanization and per capita income, advancement in cosmetic technologies, Laser/Energy-Based Cosmetic Treatments and aging population worldwide are driving the market growth. Stringent regulatory environment and safety concerns related to anti-aging products & devices are expected to constrain the market. Emerging economies, new product development and innovations will provide an opportunity for the market to grow. Browse the report: http://www.orbisresearch.com/reports/index/anti-aging-products-and-therapies-global-market-outlook-2015-2022 The skin lightening market is expected to grow with highest CAGR for the forecast period. The LED therapy devices segment occupies the largest share followed by lasabrasion devices market in devices segment. The product market accounts for the largest share of the overall anti-aging product and services market. North America is the leading Market for anti-aging market due to high awareness about aging. Asia Pacific market is expected to grow further followed by Rest of The Word. Some of the key players in global Anti-Aging Products and Therapies market are L’Oréal SA, Merck & Company Inc, Johnson & Johnson, Allergan Inc, F. Hoffmann-La Roche Ltd, Unilever PLC, Elizabeth Arden Inc, Novartis International AG, Avon Products Inc, Henkel KgaA, Beiersdorf AG, Woodridge Labs Inc, Coty Inc., Photomedex and Solta Medical, Inc. Request a sample of the report: http://www.orbisresearch.com/contacts/request-sample/184771 Products Covered: Multifunctional Anti – stretch marks Anti ageing Natural or Organic Skin Lightening Devices Covered: Laser Aesthetic Devices Anti-Cellulite Treatment Devices Radiofrequency Devices UV absorbers LED/infrared light therapy devices Cryotherapy Skincare Devices Microcurrent & Ultrasound Skincare Devices Electrosurgery Skincare Devices Active Ingredients Covered: Argirelline Vitamin C Epidermal growth factors Co-enzyme Q1 Retinol Sun Protection Factor (SPF) Hyaluronic acid Arbutin Hydroquinone kojic Acid Licorice Extract Vitamin B3 Mulberry Extract Glycolic Acid Other Ingredients Therapies Covered: Eye-Lid Surgery Hormone replacement therapy Breast Augmentation Chemical peels Hair Restoration Services Gene therapy Predictive medicine Proteomics Genomics Botox Anti-Pigmentation Therapy Rejuvenation and dermal filler Liposuction Telomere based therapy Abdominoplasty Sclerotherapy Injectable skin Electrosurgery Disease and conditions Covered: Bone and Joint Conditions Respiratory Disorders Cardiovascular Disorders Urinary Incontinence Endocrine Disorders Sexual Dysfunction Eye Disorders Demographics Covered: Generation X Baby boomers Generation Y Regions Covered: North America US Canada Mexico Europe GermanyFrance Italy UK Spain Rest of Europe Asia Pacific Japan China India Australia New Zealand Rest of Asia Pacific Rest of the World Middle East Brazil Argentina South Africa Egypt What our report offers: – Market share assessments for the regional and country level segments – Market share analysis of the top industry players – Strategic recommendations for the new entrants – Market forecasts for a minimum of 7 years of all the mentioned segments, sub segments and the regional markets – Market Trends (Drivers, Constraints, Opportunities, Threats, Challenges, Investment Opportunities, and recommendations) – Strategic recommendations in key business segments based on the market estimations – Competitive landscaping mapping the key common trends – Company profiling with detailed strategies, financials, and recent developments – Supply chain trends mapping the latest technological advancements Major Points From The Table Of Contents: 1 Global Anti-Aging Products and Therapies Market Outlook, By Region 2 Global Anti-Aging Products and Therapies Market Outlook, By Product 3 Global Anti-Aging Products and Therapies Market Outlook, By Multifunctional 4 Global Anti-Aging Products and Therapies Market Outlook, By Anti – stretch marks 5 Global Anti-Aging Products and Therapies Market Outlook, By Anti ageing 6 Global Anti-Aging Products and Therapies Market Outlook, By Natural or Organic 7 Global Anti-Aging Products and Therapies Market Outlook, By Skin Lightening 8 Global Anti-Aging Products and Therapies Market Outlook, By Hair Color 9 Global Anti-Aging Products and Therapies Market Outlook, By Device 10 Global Anti-Aging Products and Therapies Market Outlook, By Laser Aesthetic Devices 11 Global Anti-Aging Products and Therapies Market Outlook, By Radiofrequency Devices 12 Global Anti-Aging Products and Therapies Market Outlook, By UV absorbers 13 Global Anti-Aging Products and Therapies Market Outlook, By LED/infrared light therapy devices 14 Global Anti-Aging Products and Therapies Market Outlook, By Cryotherapy Skincare Devices 15 Global Anti-Aging Products and Therapies Market Outlook, By Microcurrent & Ultrasound Skincare Devices 16 Global Anti-Aging Products and Therapies Market Outlook, By Electrosurgery Skincare Devices 17 Global Anti-Aging Products and Therapies Market Outlook, By Active Ingredients 18 Global Anti-Aging Products and Therapies Market Outlook, By Argirelline 19 Global Anti-Aging Products and Therapies Market Outlook, By Vitamin C 20 Global Anti-Aging Products and Therapies Market Outlook, By Epidermal growth factors About Us: Orbis Research (orbisresearch.com) is a single point aid for all your market research requirements. We have vast database of reports from the leading publishers and authors across the globe. We specialize in delivering customized reports as per the requirements of our clients. We have complete information about our publishers and hence are sure about the accuracy of the industries and verticals of their specialization. This helps our clients to map their needs and we produce the perfect required market research study for our clients. Contact Information: Hector Costello Senior Manager – Client Engagements 4144N Central Expressway, Suite 600, Dallas, Texas – 75204, U.S.A. Phone No.: +1 (214) 884-6817; +9164101019 Email: sales@orbisresearch.com CategoriesGoogle News, satPRnews TagsGlobal Anti Aging Products and Therapies Market, Healthcare, Pharmaceuticals Post navigation Previous PostPrevious United States Chemical Anchors Market Capacity, Production, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin, Analysis & Forecast by 2022 Next PostNext United States Glass Fiber Reinforcements Market Revenue, Key Players, Supply-Demand, Investment Feasibility and Forecast 2022 Search Recent Posts NuVista Energy Ltd. Provides Update on Planned Maintenance Outages and Quarterly Production Ranges, Reaffirms Full Year 2017 Production and Funds from Operations Guidance Poly Australia holds back all Poly Horizon apartments under $800,000 for first home buyers News Apple Announces New iOS App Design and Development Accelerator in Bengaluru Apple Celebrates Chinese Music with GarageBand Update Business Directory Business Contacts Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 2 June 2017 by Rahul Jadhav Global Active Pharmaceutical Ingredients Market to Surpass $198.8 Billion by 2022 – Orbis Research According to Stratistics MRC, the Global Active Pharmaceutical Ingredients market is expected to grow from $129.12 billion in 2015 to reach $198.8 billion by 2022 with a CAGR of 6.4%. Patent expiration of prominent drugs, government initiatives, regional penetration and increasing aged population are some of the factors that are driving the market growth. Strict validation and safety guidelines stated by WHO and fragmented market are the factors that are hampering the API market growth. Browse the report: http://www.orbisresearch.com/reports/index/active-pharmaceutical-ingredients-global-market-outlook-2016-2022 Generic/Non- Branded segment witnessed the largest market share during the forecast period due to rising healthcare costs, government prominence on generics for dropping healthcare costs, and decreasing pipelines of global pharmaceutical products. Asia Pacific is expected to be highest market share during the forecast period due to low operation costs and high investments in medical research. Moreover, the high cost of skilled labour and energy are the most significant factors that enforced European market to move its base to developing countries, such as India and China. Some of the key players in global Active Pharmaceutical Ingredients market include Bioniche Animal Health (Canada), Boehringer Ingelheim (Germany), Sun Pharmaceutical Industries Ltd., Teva Pharmaceutical Industries Limited, Bayer Healthcare (Germany), Merial Inc. (Sanofi) (France), Elanco Animal Health (U.S.), Merck Animal Health (U.S.), Ceva Animal Health, Inc., Dr. Reddy’s Laboratories Ltd., Novartis International AG, Ranbaxy Laboratories, Virbac, Zoetis (U.S.), Pfizer, Inc, Aurobindo Pharma Ltd., and Heska Co. (U.S.). Request a sample of the report: http://www.orbisresearch.com/contacts/request-sample/228421 Types of API Covered: Synthetic chemical API Branded/ Innovative Generic/Non- Branded Biological API Biotech Biosimilar High potency active pharmaceutical ingredients(HPAPI) Manufacturing Types Covered: Captive (or in-house) manufacturing Contract manufacturing Therapeutic Applications Covered: Anti-Infectives Cardiovascular and hematopoietic system CNS and Neurological Disorders Diabetes Endocrinology Gastrointestinal disorder Hormonal-related disorder Metabolic disorder Musculoskeletal disorder Nephrology Oncology Ophthalmology Orthopedic Disorders Pulmonology Regions Covered: North America US Canada Mexico Europe Germany France Italy UK Spain Rest of Europe Asia Pacific Japan China India Australia New Zealand Rest of Asia Pacific Rest of the World Middle East Brazil Argentina South Africa Egypt What our report offers: – Market share assessments for the regional and country level segments – Market share analysis of the top industry players – Strategic recommendations for the new entrants – Market forecasts for a minimum of 7 years of all the mentioned segments, sub segments and the regional markets – Market Trends (Drivers, Constraints, Opportunities, Threats, Challenges, Investment Opportunities, and recommendations) – Strategic recommendations in key business segments based on the market estimations – Competitive landscaping mapping the key common trends – Company profiling with detailed strategies, financials, and recent developments – Supply chain trends mapping the latest technological advancements Major Points From The Table Of Contents: 1 Global Active Pharmaceutical Ingredients Market Outlook, By Region 2 Global Active Pharmaceutical Ingredients Market Outlook, By Types of API 3 Global Active Pharmaceutical Ingredients Market Outlook, By Synthetic chemical API 4 Global Active Pharmaceutical Ingredients Market Outlook, By Branded/ Innovative 5 Global Active Pharmaceutical Ingredients Market Outlook, By Generic/Non- Branded 6 Global Active Pharmaceutical Ingredients Market Outlook, By Biological API 7 Global Active Pharmaceutical Ingredients Market Outlook, By Biotech 8 Global Active Pharmaceutical Ingredients Market Outlook, By Biosimilar 9 Global Active Pharmaceutical Ingredients Market Outlook, By High potency active pharmaceutical ingredients(HPAPI) 10 Global Active Pharmaceutical Ingredients Market Outlook, By Type of manufacturing 11 Global Active Pharmaceutical Ingredients Market Outlook, By Captive (or in-house) manufacturing 12 Global Active Pharmaceutical Ingredients Market Outlook, By Contract manufacturing 13 Global Active Pharmaceutical Ingredients Market Outlook, By Therapeutic applications 14 Global Active Pharmaceutical Ingredients Market Outlook, By Anti-Infectives 15 Global Active Pharmaceutical Ingredients Market Outlook, By Cardiovascular and hematopoietic system 16 Global Active Pharmaceutical Ingredients Market Outlook, By CNS and Neurological Disorders 17 Global Active Pharmaceutical Ingredients Market Outlook, By Diabetes 18 Global Active Pharmaceutical Ingredients Market Outlook, By Endocrinology 19 Global Active Pharmaceutical Ingredients Market Outlook, By Gastrointestinal disorder 20 Global Active Pharmaceutical Ingredients Market Outlook, By Hormonal-related disorder About Us: Orbis Research (orbisresearch.com) is a single point aid for all your market research requirements. We have vast database of reports from the leading publishers and authors across the globe. We specialize in delivering customized reports as per the requirements of our clients. We have complete information about our publishers and hence are sure about the accuracy of the industries and verticals of their specialization. This helps our clients to map their needs and we produce the perfect required market research study for our clients. Contact Information: Hector Costello Senior Manager – Client Engagements 4144N Central Expressway, Suite 600, Dallas, Texas – 75204, U.S.A. Phone No.: +1 (214) 884-6817; +9164101019 Email: sales@orbisresearch.com CategoriesGoogle News, satPRnews TagsGlobal Active Pharmaceutical Ingredients Market, Healthcare, Pharmaceutical, Pharmaceuticals Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Global Stem Cell Therapy Market is Growing at a a CAGR of 37.6% by 2022 – Market Research Report 2017 Next PostNext DEVONthink 2.9.12 and DEVONagent 3.9.7 Search Recent Posts Bloomberg faces an unexpected new threat to its dominance in data The London Stock Exchange Group could rebrand itself as International Data Inc ZEISS and ASML Strengthen Partnership for Next Generation of EUV Lithography Due in Early 2020s ZEISS and ASML Strengthen Partnership for Next Generation of EUV Lithography Due in Early 2020s ASML Completes Acquisition of HMI Business Directory Business Contacts Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Proudly powered by WordPress
About Us Contact Us Help user name password Client login:    First time user sign up Forgot your login info? Website Directory     Submit Website Search All categoriesAdvertising  GeneralAerospace  GeneralAgriculture  GeneralAirlines  GeneralAmerica - Post 9/11  GeneralApparel  GeneralApple Products  GeneralArchitectural  GeneralArchitecture  ArchitectureArt & Entertainments  Books  Celebrities  Country Music  Dance  Magazines  Movies  Museums  Music  Music Downloads  News & Talk Shows  Performing Arts  Photography  Television  Web SitesArts/Culture  GeneralAuction  GeneralAutomotive  Aftermarket  Classic Autos  Consumer Publications  General  Motorcycle & Bike  Racing  Recreational Vehicle  Repair & Service  Trade PublicationsBlogging & Social Media  Blogging & Social MediaBusiness  Advertising / Marketing  Books  Consumer Research  Direct Marketing  e-Commerce  Entrepreneurs  Finance  Franchise  Human Resources  Insurance  Investment  Management  Markets  Network Marketing  Online Marketing / SEO  Payday Loans  Public Relations  Publications  Real Estate  Retail  Stocks  Supermarkets  Women in BusinessCareers/HR  GeneralChemical  GeneralCoaching / Mentoring  Coaching / MentoringComputers  Apple Products  Databases  Games & Entertainment  General  Hosting  Instruction  Linux / GNU "Open Source"  Macintosh  Microsoft Windows PC  Operating Systems  Programming  Security  Software  Tablet PCs  UtilitiesConstruction  GeneralConsumer  Gifts and Collectibles  Hobbies  Web sites / InternetDesign  Graphic Design  Industrial  WebE-Cigarette  GeneraleCommerce  GeneralEconomy  GeneralEducation  College / University  General  Home Schooling  K-12  Post Graduate  TechnicalElectronics  GeneralEmail Marketing  GeneralEmailWire Press Releases  Press Release TipsEmployment/Careers  GeneralEngineering  GeneralEntertainment  GeneralEnvironment  GeneralEvents / Trade Shows  GeneralFinance  GeneralFood  GeneralFranchise  GeneralFraud / Identity Theft  GeneralGaming  GeneralGovernment  General  Judicial  Law Enforcement  Legislative  Local  National  Public Services  Security  State  TransportationHealthcare  GeneralHome and Family  Banking / Personal Finance  Bereavement / Loss  Home Furnishings / Interiors  Landscaping & Gardening  Marriage / Relationships  Money  Parenting  Payday Loans  Pets  Taxes  Wedding / BridalHome Schooling  GeneralHotels/Resorts  GeneralHousehold  GeneralIndustry  Aerospace / Defense  Agriculture  Apparel / Textiles  Broadcast  Construction / Building  Electrical  Food  Funeral  Healthcare  Leisure / Hospitality  Logistics / Shipping  Manufacturing / Production  Mining / Metals  Oil / Energy  Paper / Forest Products  Plumbing, Heating & AC  Print Media  Printing  Publishing  Radio  Restaurants  Tobacco  ToyInsurance  GeneralInternet/Online  GeneralLegal  GeneralLeisure  GeneralLifestyle  Beauty  Dating / Singles  Diet / Weight Loss  Fashion  Food / Beverage  Health & Fitness  Hotel / Resorts  Pastimes  Restaurants  Retirement  Travel & TourismMachinery  GeneralMaritime  GeneralMedical  Addiction  Allergies  Alternative Medicine  Asthma  Cancer  Cardiology  Chiropractic  Dental  Dermatology  Diabetes  Emergency  Family Medicine  General  General  Geriatrics  Hospitals  Infectious Diseases  Internal Medicine  Managed Care / HMO  Medical Products  Mental Health  Neurology  Nursing  Nutrition  OB / GYN  Pediatrics  Pharmaceuticals  Physical Therapy  Plastic Surgery  Psychology  Radiology / Imaging  Research  Sports Medicine  Surgery  VisionMilitary  GeneralMining/Metals  GeneralMiscellaneous  GeneralNanotechnology  NanotechnologyNon-profit  GeneralOccupational Safety  Occupational SafetyOil/Energy  GeneralOpinion / Editorial  Opinion / EditorialPaper Products  GeneralPaper/Forest  GeneralPharmaceuticals  GeneralPodcasting  Announce  Tools and ServicesPolitics  PoliticsPrint Media  GeneralPublic Utilities  Public UtilitiesPublishing  GeneralRadio  GeneralReal Estate  GeneralReligion  Christian  General  Islam  Jewish  OtherRestaurants  GeneralRetail  GeneralRSS & Content Syndication  RSS & Content SyndicationScience and Research  Science and ResearchSelf-Help / Personal Growth  Self-Help / Personal GrowthShipbuilding  GeneralSociety  African American Interests  Asian Interests  Childrens Issues  Disabled Issues / Disabilities  Gay / Lesbian  Hispanic  Mens Interests  Native American  Senior Citizens  Social Services  Teen Issues/Interests  Womens InterestSoftware  GeneralSports  Baseball  Basketball  Bicycling  Boating / Maritime  Bowling  Boxing  Fishing  Football  Golf  Hockey  Hunting  Martial Arts  Outdoors  Rugby  Soccer  Tennis  Water  Winter/SnowSports/Fitness  GeneralStocks  GeneralSupermarkets  GeneralTechnology  Biotechnology  Computer  Electronics  Enterprise Software  Games  Graphics/Printing/CAD  Hardware / Peripherals  Industrial  Information  Internet  Multimedia  Networking  Public Sector/Government  Robotics  Semiconductor  Software  Telecommunications  WebmastersTelecom  General  WirelessTelevision  GeneralTobacco  GeneralTrade  GeneralTransportation  GeneralTravel  GeneralUtilities  GeneralVolunteer  VolunteerWeather  Weather Home > News By Company > Market Data Forecast Tweet   North American Sleep aids Market is estimated to be USD 30.9 Billion in the year 2016. North America Sleep Aids Market by Sleep Disorder (Insomnia, Sleep Apnea, Restless legs syndrome, Narcolepsy and Sleep walking), by Product (Mattresses & Pillows, Sleep Laboratories, Medication and Sleep apnea devices), by Medication   (EMAILWIRE.COM, June 02, 2017 ) Market Data Forecast recently published a report on the North America Sleep aids Market which estimates the market to grow from USD 30.9 billion from 2016 to USD 41.16 billion with a high CAGR of 5.9%. Sleep aids refers to treatment for sleeping disorders such as insomnia, sleep apnea, sleepwalking, restless leg syndrome and narcolepsy. These disorders affect the health directly in a negative manner. To give an idea in depth, most of the serious sleeping disorders are left undiagnosed and with no treatment which thereby, not only affects the personal health and relations of a person but also reduces working productivity. This market is essential for the purpose of rising awareness with regards to sleep aids and its existing treatment. Research and development on the working of the brain in relation with sleeping phenomena is one of the advancements of this market. , USA is set to devote around 20% of its GDP on healthcare facilities by 2017, which is the highest proportion in comparison with other developed countries. The DROC Analysis contains some of the factors that have major effects on the market dynamics be it positive or negative. Few factors analysed in the section are increasing prevalence of sleeping disorders, rising geriatric population, rising sleeping pills demand due to stressful lives, increasing government and non-government awareness institutions, side effects involved with sleep aids and expiration of patents of major sleeping drugs. For Full Report refer to: http://www.marketdataforecast.com/market-reports/north-america-sleep-aids-market-1791/ The products are segmented based on sleep disorder, product and medication and studied for a deep-level understanding of the Sleep aids market. Each sub segment is accompanied with Market Size Estimations and Y-o-Y Forecasts as well. Based on Sleep disorder:  Insomnia  Sleep Apnea  Restless legs syndrome  Narcolepsy  Sleep Walking Based on Product:  Mattresses & Pillows  Sleep Laboratories  Medications  Sleep apnea devices Based on Medication:  Prescription-based Drugs  OTC Drugs  Herbal Drugs North American Market is studied in geographic perspective by segregating the market shares between USA and Canada. The study identifies USA as the predominant market in the North American region and it also holds well in the Global Market. Free Sample for report: http://www.marketdataforecast.com/market-reports/north-america-sleep-aids-market-1791/request-sample As per the report, companies like Sanofi, Pfizer, Koninklijke Philips N.V. (Philips), Merck & Co., Cadwell, Care Fusion Corporation and GlaxoSmithKline Plc are contributing a fair share to the North American Sleep Aids Market. However, due to advancements in the technology and improvements being made in healthcare facilities there is an intense competition among the players in the market. Enquire about the report: http://www.marketdataforecast.com/market-reports/north-america-sleep-aids-market-1791/inquire Scope of the North America Sleep Aids Market:  Regional and country-level analysis that provides an innate perspective of USA and Canada Market to that of the North American region  To detect major focus areas of industrial growth Segment-level analysis on basis of sleep disorder, product and medication along with market size forecasts and y-o-y estimations are provided  Detailed explanation of major drivers, restraints, opportunities, and challenges (DROC) that affect the market and impact the ever-shifting market dynamics  PESTLE and Porters Five Forces Analyses that examine the macro & micro environmental factors such as political influence, technological prowess, industry rivalry to name a few.  An extensive listing of major market players along with company overview, product portfolios, key financial information (subjected to availability), SWOT analysis and analyst overview to study and sustain the market environment  mergers, acquisitions, collaborations in the field along with new product launches, comparative financial studies and recent developments in the market by the major companies all rolled out into Competitive landscape  Expertly devised Market Outlook comprising the Investment opportunities to provide both individuals and organizations a strong financial foothold in the market Buy now at: https://www.marketdataforecast.com/cart/buy-now/north-america-sleep-aids-market-1791 Checkout other related studies in the Pharmaceuticals Segment: Global Anti-aging Market: http://www.marketdataforecast.com/market-reports/global-anti-aging-market-1398/ Global Anti-coccidials Market:http://www.marketdataforecast.com/market-reports/global-anticoccidial-drugs-market-13/ Global Anti-fungal drugs Market:http://www.marketdataforecast.com/market-reports/global-anti-fungal-drugs-market-242/ Global Anti-venom Market:http://www.marketdataforecast.com/market-reports/global-antivenom-market-1580/ About Market Data Forecast: The publisher of this report is Market Data Forecast whose forte lies in Market research and Business Intelligence. Handling both individual and corporate clients across multiple business domains they offer syndicated/customized research to suit the clients research objective. Their research reports section offers a wide variety of market studies ranging from all-encompassing comprehensive market studies to product specific niche markets covering North America among other regions of the global market as well. For more info kindly visit, www.marketdataforecast.com Contact: Abhishek Shukla Sales Manager (International Business Development) Market Data Forecast Direct Line: +1-888-702-9626 Mobile: +91 998 555 0206 Mail: abhishek@marketdataforecast.com Visit MarketDataForecast Blog @ http://www.marketdataforecast.com/blog/ View latest Press Releases of MDF @ http://www.marketdataforecast.com/press-releases Contact Information: Market Data Forecast Abhishek Tel: +1-888- 702-9626 Email us This is a press release. Press release distribution and press release services by EmailWire.Com: http://www.emailwire.com/us-press-release-distribution.php. 
   Search All categoriesAdvertising  GeneralAerospace  GeneralAgriculture  GeneralAirlines  GeneralAmerica - Post 9/11  GeneralApparel  GeneralApple Products  GeneralArchitectural  GeneralArchitecture  ArchitectureArt & Entertainments  Books  Celebrities  Country Music  Dance  Magazines  Movies  Museums  Music  Music Downloads  News & Talk Shows  Performing Arts  Photography  Television  Web SitesArts/Culture  GeneralAuction  GeneralAutomotive  Aftermarket  Classic Autos  Consumer Publications  General  Motorcycle & Bike  Racing  Recreational Vehicle  Repair & Service  Trade PublicationsBlogging & Social Media  Blogging & Social MediaBusiness  Advertising / Marketing  Books  Consumer Research  Direct Marketing  e-Commerce  Entrepreneurs  Finance  Franchise  Human Resources  Insurance  Investment  Management  Markets  Network Marketing  Online Marketing / SEO  Payday Loans  Public Relations  Publications  Real Estate  Retail  Stocks  Supermarkets  Women in BusinessCareers/HR  GeneralChemical  GeneralCoaching / Mentoring  Coaching / MentoringComputers  Apple Products  Databases  Games & Entertainment  General  Hosting  Instruction  Linux / GNU "Open Source"  Macintosh  Microsoft Windows PC  Operating Systems  Programming  Security  Software  Tablet PCs  UtilitiesConstruction  GeneralConsumer  Gifts and Collectibles  Hobbies  Web sites / InternetDesign  Graphic Design  Industrial  WebE-Cigarette  GeneraleCommerce  GeneralEconomy  GeneralEducation  College / University  General  Home Schooling  K-12  Post Graduate  TechnicalElectronics  GeneralEmail Marketing  GeneralEmailWire Press Releases  Press Release TipsEmployment/Careers  GeneralEngineering  GeneralEntertainment  GeneralEnvironment  GeneralEvents / Trade Shows  GeneralFinance  GeneralFood  GeneralFranchise  GeneralFraud / Identity Theft  GeneralGaming  GeneralGovernment  General  Judicial  Law Enforcement  Legislative  Local  National  Public Services  Security  State  TransportationHealthcare  GeneralHome and Family  Banking / Personal Finance  Bereavement / Loss  Home Furnishings / Interiors  Landscaping & Gardening  Marriage / Relationships  Money  Parenting  Payday Loans  Pets  Taxes  Wedding / BridalHome Schooling  GeneralHotels/Resorts  GeneralHousehold  GeneralIndustry  Aerospace / Defense  Agriculture  Apparel / Textiles  Broadcast  Construction / Building  Electrical  Food  Funeral  Healthcare  Leisure / Hospitality  Logistics / Shipping  Manufacturing / Production  Mining / Metals  Oil / Energy  Paper / Forest Products  Plumbing, Heating & AC  Print Media  Printing  Publishing  Radio  Restaurants  Tobacco  ToyInsurance  GeneralInternet/Online  GeneralLegal  GeneralLeisure  GeneralLifestyle  Beauty  Dating / Singles  Diet / Weight Loss  Fashion  Food / Beverage  Health & Fitness  Hotel / Resorts  Pastimes  Restaurants  Retirement  Travel & TourismMachinery  GeneralMaritime  GeneralMedical  Addiction  Allergies  Alternative Medicine  Asthma  Cancer  Cardiology  Chiropractic  Dental  Dermatology  Diabetes  Emergency  Family Medicine  General  General  Geriatrics  Hospitals  Infectious Diseases  Internal Medicine  Managed Care / HMO  Medical Products  Mental Health  Neurology  Nursing  Nutrition  OB / GYN  Pediatrics  Pharmaceuticals  Physical Therapy  Plastic Surgery  Psychology  Radiology / Imaging  Research  Sports Medicine  Surgery  VisionMilitary  GeneralMining/Metals  GeneralMiscellaneous  GeneralNanotechnology  NanotechnologyNon-profit  GeneralOccupational Safety  Occupational SafetyOil/Energy  GeneralOpinion / Editorial  Opinion / EditorialPaper Products  GeneralPaper/Forest  GeneralPharmaceuticals  GeneralPodcasting  Announce  Tools and ServicesPolitics  PoliticsPrint Media  GeneralPublic Utilities  Public UtilitiesPublishing  GeneralRadio  GeneralReal Estate  GeneralReligion  Christian  General  Islam  Jewish  OtherRestaurants  GeneralRetail  GeneralRSS & Content Syndication  RSS & Content SyndicationScience and Research  Science and ResearchSelf-Help / Personal Growth  Self-Help / Personal GrowthShipbuilding  GeneralSociety  African American Interests  Asian Interests  Childrens Issues  Disabled Issues / Disabilities  Gay / Lesbian  Hispanic  Mens Interests  Native American  Senior Citizens  Social Services  Teen Issues/Interests  Womens InterestSoftware  GeneralSports  Baseball  Basketball  Bicycling  Boating / Maritime  Bowling  Boxing  Fishing  Football  Golf  Hockey  Hunting  Martial Arts  Outdoors  Rugby  Soccer  Tennis  Water  Winter/SnowSports/Fitness  GeneralStocks  GeneralSupermarkets  GeneralTechnology  Biotechnology  Computer  Electronics  Enterprise Software  Games  Graphics/Printing/CAD  Hardware / Peripherals  Industrial  Information  Internet  Multimedia  Networking  Public Sector/Government  Robotics  Semiconductor  Software  Telecommunications  WebmastersTelecom  General  WirelessTelevision  GeneralTobacco  GeneralTrade  GeneralTransportation  GeneralTravel  GeneralUtilities  GeneralVolunteer  VolunteerWeather  Weather Advertising | How to contact us | Privacy Statement | EmailWire Press Releases | Partnership Opportunities EmailWire is a press release distribution service of GroupWeb Media LLC. © Copyright GroupWeb Media LLC 2017
  Home U.K.     News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Latest Headlines News World News Arts Headlines Pictures Most read Wires My Profile Logout Login Feedback NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad REVEALED: Killer jihadi, 27, 'radicalized by YouTube' was known to British police and was filmed arguing with cops after unfurling ISIS flag in a park one year before London Bridge terror attack 'I misjudged you': Piers Morgan apologizes to 'admirable' Ariana Grande and praises her voice... after criticizing her for jetting home following Manchester attack I saw three jihadis shot dead - bang, bang, bang: Dramatic pictures taken by eyewitness who was just yards away show moment eight police cut down terrorists in a hail of 50 bullets  'Olivia wouldn't want you to cry. She'd have wanted to hear the hits': Ariana Grande reveals message mother of bombing victim gave her during UK concert US Ambassador breaks ranks with Trump to PRAISE Mayor Sadiq Khan after the president criticized the London mayor for his response to capital's terror attack How dare the US say 'we are reeling': They know nothing of our resilience, writes DOMINIC LAWSON  'This bloodshed will end': Trump vows to do whatever is necessary to protect US from the 'vile enemy' as he gives speech at black tie gala in wake of London terror attack Former New York Knicks head coach Derek Fisher is arrested for DUI in LA after crashing and flipping his car with Basketball Wives star girlfriend Gloria Govan in the passenger seat Fed up with having horrible arguments at home? Relationship coach reveals the one word that will defuse EVERY marital row (and it's not 'sorry') 'What I did was absolutely immoral, but not illegal': Designer who first put Ivanka Trump on the catwalk speaks out against his 59-year sentence for rape An $8 bottle of wine from grocery chain ALDI is voted among best in the world Cleaning up his act? Freshly shaven Tiger Woods is pictured for the first time since he was arrested for DUI while 'on four prescription pills' Smash hit Wonder Woman makes $101.4MILLION over the weekend as it becomes highest-grossing film by a female director EVER 'His toenails were so long they clicked on the floor like a dog': People reveal why they REALLY dumped their ex in brutally honest online confessions London jihadi was 'euphoric' hours before murdering seven as he asked a neighbor about hiring a truck: Father of two, who hid his hated of Western values behind 'nice guy' mask, tried to 'radicalize children' PIERS MORGAN: British Prime Minister Theresa May talks tough now but what did she do when she was in charge of the Home Office? She cut police numbers by 20,000. And now we're paying the price in blood. The detective's notes that suggest suspect was known to terror police: Hand written comments show person involved in the investigation was 'interrogated' by police last year  'Islamophobia hasn't killed anyone': Australia's former PM slams officials for soft response to terror as he calls for 'shoot-to-kill' commando units to guard against Australian attacks 'He looked like a f*****g Muslim terrorist': Straight-talking Australian describes how he was stabbed in the neck by London jihadi on his LAST night in the UK before flying home  'Alarmist blowhard' Trump faces furious backlash over his tweet condemning London Mayor just hours after London terror attack ISIS celebrates deaths of seven killed in London Bridge attack with sick posts vowing more terror  'I saw a man carrying knives and I just started running. He was less than 10ft behind me': Trainee nurse, 19, reveals terrifying escape from London attacker  'Don't confuse grief with lack of courage': Britain hits back against New York Times claims nation is 'still reeling from Manchester terror'  'This is for my family, this is for Islam': Mother reveals what deluded Jihadi knifeman yelled as he plunged a 12-inch blade into the stomach of her son, 23, leaving a scar stretching from his belly to his back Previous Next New video captures the moment Tiger Woods struggles to blow into a breathalyzer test in jail as the barefoot golfer appears confused after his DUI arrest Jupiter police released footage of Tiger Woods in jail attempting to take a breathalyzer test after his arrest early Monday morning Nearly 11 minute video shows golfer barefoot and he appears to be completely disoriented   On Wednesday, police released 98 minutes of footage showing Woods as he underwent tests and was arrested  Officers found him asleep at the wheel of his running car in the early hours Monday The 41-year-old had to be woken up by an officer and stated that he did not know where he was after first claiming he had driven from California His speech was 'extremely slow and slurred' according to the report, and he failed four field sobriety tests Woods did submit to a breathalyzer and blew a .000 both times, which suggests that there was no alcohol in his system, but he was on prescription drugs By Regina F. Graham and Jose Lambiet In Florida and Chris Spargo and Hannah Parry For Dailymail.com Published: 23:40 EDT, 1 June 2017 | Updated: 04:12 EDT, 2 June 2017 e-mail 2.2k shares 530 View comments Jupiter police have released surveillance video showing the moment Tiger Woods struggles to blow into a breathalyzer test in jail after he was arrested early Monday morning asleep at the wheel of his running car. The video shows the 41-year-old golfer barefoot inside of the jail and he appears to be completely disoriented and slightly swaying. When asked what his hair and eye color is by an officer, Woods takes a long pause before saying 'I don't know'.  'Mostly brown and fading and brown,' he adds.  He then agrees to submit to a breathalyzer test and slowly walks over to sit in a nearby chair to take it. While sitting in the chair, he appears to fall asleep briefly - his head is slightly nodding before he leans it completely against the wall. Scroll down for video  Jupiter police have released surveillance video showing Tiger Woods (above) in jail attempting to take a breathalyzer test after he was arrested early Monday morning The video shows the 41-year-old golfer barefoot inside of the jail - he appears to be completely disoriented and slightly swaying A few minutes later, a female officer asks the father-of-two to stand up and walk a few steps towards her to take the breathalyzer test, to which he complies.  She instructs him to blow into the test several times, as it appears as though he is confused about how to do so.  'Take a deep breath in and now blow out,' she tells Woods. 'Blow out. Good there you go, keep going keep going.' She then instructs him to take a seat again, but he just continues to stand in front of her for a few moments before she says he can just stand there if he wants to.  He stands there for the next few minutes slightly swaying as his arms are behind his back in handcuffs, before he tries to walk towards the officers in the jail who tell him to keep standing in the same position and to not move. Woods can be heard asking if they can 'take off his two bracelets', as he turns around showing them the handcuffs. The female officer tells the golfer that he has to keep them on for the moment but they will be taken off soon.  Moments later he takes another breathalyzer test and is told again that he can sit down in the chair.  He then agrees to submit to a breathalyzer test and slowly walks over to sit in a nearby chair to take it. While sitting in the chair, he appears to fall asleep briefly as his head is slightly nodding before he leans it completely against the wall A few minutes later, a female officer asks the father-of-two to stand up and walk a few steps towards her to take the breathalyzer test, to which he complies. She instructs him to blow into the test several times, as it appears as though he is confused about how to do so He doesn't move, so the female officer comes to turn him around and lead him back over to the chair that's only a few steps away.    The female officer can be heard telling Woods that he blew .000 on the breathalyzer tests and that it did not detect any alcohol on his breath.  Woods had 'extremely slow and slurred speech' as shown in the disturbing video during his arrest A male officer can be heard asking Woods if he will submit to a urine test for controlled or chemical substances, to which he agrees. Woods then appears as though he's trying to get up from the seat, but the officers tell him that he can remain seated for the moment.  He appears confused as to how he can carry out the task, and asks 'How am I going to hold it?'  Officers then reassure him not to worry and they will get to that eventually and that they have to read him his rights before the 11 minute video ends. On Wednesday, Jupiter police released the shocking video of Woods moments after they found him asleep in his Mercedes Benz with the engine running in the early hours of Monday morning. Jupiter police took off his baseball cap as they administered field sobriety tests At one point he took off his sneakers and placed them under the police car and he was barefoot when trying to walk a straight line In more than an hour and a half of video, Woods is seen swaying, rolling his eyes and falling asleep as police administer field sobriety tests before he was arrested for DUI and taken into police custody. Slurring his words as he tried to answer questions from police, Tiger could barely stand up and kept weaving and bobbing, failing to walk a straight line barefoot after removing his sneakers. Police also released photos of Woods' bashed up $220,000 Mercedes Benz. The 41-year-old golfer had to be woken up by an officer and stated that he did not know where he was after first claiming he had driven from California. His speech was 'extremely slow and slurred' and he failed four field sobriety tests. He was arrested for DUI after failing four sobriety tests. He admitted he had taken prescription drugs He was handcuffed and taken away in the back of police car Woods' Mercedes had two flat tires and 'fresh damage' on the driver's side when cops found him asleep behind the wheel.  Both tire rims on the driver's side of the Mercedes had some small but visible damage, while the front and rear tires on that side were flat. There was also some minor damage to the bumper on the driver's side, and scuffs and scratches on the rear bumper. The passenger side rear taillight was also not working, according to the documents.  Woods failed four field sobriety tests according to the Probable Cause Affidavit, which was obtained by DailyMail.com - which also revealed Woods was on four prescription drugs - although he tested negative for alcohol. Cops Jupiter police have released the radio 'chatter' after discovering Tiger Woods asleep in his Mercedes with the engine running in the wee hours of Monday morning. They have also released photos of the beleaguered golfer's bashed up $220,000. Mercedes Benz Both tire rims on the driver's side of the Mercedes had some small but visible damage, while the front and rear tires on that side were flat Woods failed four field sobriety tests according to the Probable Cause Affidavit, obtained by DailyMail.com - which also revealed Woods was on  prescription drugs  The passenger side rear taillight was also not working, according to police documents The 41-year-old golfer had to be woken up by an officer and stated that he did not know where he was after first claiming he had driven from California The affidavit states that at 2:03am, Eldrick T. Woods was approached by a member of the Jupiter Police Department, who found him wearing his seat belt while sound asleep at the wheel of his $222,000 Mercedes. The star's car was idling in the middle of Military Trail about one mile from police headquarters, a deserted stretch of road at night but an extremely busy traffic artery during the day. Both his brake lights and flashers were on. After he was woken by cops, Woods - who was alone in the car - told them he had no idea where he was, according to the paperwork. 'I asked Woods where he was going to which he stated he did not know, he just likes to drive,' the arresting officer's affidavit states. Another officer said that Woods was falling asleep even after police had come to investigate his car.  There was also some minor damage to the bumper on the driver's side, and scuffs and scratches on the rear bumper Dashcam footage shows police stopping at Woods' car at the side of the road The golfing pro was ordered to get out of the car by Jupiter cops who asked him to perform sobriety tests  The affidavit states Woods was struggling to keep upright and was 'swaying and nearly lost his balance' when he got out the car The golfer later stated 'he was coming from LA California from golfing,' reads the report. 'Woods stated that he did not know where he was. Woods had changed the story of where he was was going and where he was coming from.' He then asked 'how far from his house he was,' according to the affidavit. When asked again where he was coming from and heading to, he told police he was leaving LA and 'that he was on his way down to Orange County.'  Wearing athletic shorts and a t-shirt, Woods was actually driving south, away from his home on Jupiter Island, the report notes. After a fellow cop, who was interviewing the suspect, returned to his car, he observed 'the driver fell asleep with his eyes closed and his head up against the headrest.'  Woods was described as cooperative and confused at first in the reports, which goes on to reveal that he agreed to a breathalyzer despite earlier reports. Wearing athletic shorts and a t-shirt, Woods was actually driving south, away from his home on Jupiter Island, according to police, who were not aware of what happened to the tires The affidavit also states that there were no odors coming from Woods or the car, this also despite earlier reports claiming that Woods' breath smelled like liquor according to one officer on the scene. Police say that when he exited his car, he was struggling to keep upright and was 'swaying and nearly lost his balance.' He leaned down to tie his shoes, resting his foot on the police patrol car, and 'nearly lost his balance.' 'I asked Woods if he wished to takeoff his shoes. Woods removed his shoes and left them under the front end of my patrol vehicle,' the officer said in the report. Woods appeared confused and seemed to struggle during the sobriety tests. At one point, when Woods was asked to say the alphabet backwards to check if he might be under the influence of drugs or alcohol, he instead offered to 'recite the entire national anthem backwards.' 'When asked if he understood the directions he stated, "yes, recite the entire national anthem backwards." Only after the instructions were repeated did he eventually get it right.  Woods was described as cooperative and confused at first in the reports, which goes on to reveal that he agreed to a breathalyzer and blew .000 One officer said that Woods was falling asleep even after police had come to investigate his car Eldrick T. Woods was approached by a member of the Jupiter Police Department, who found him wearing his seat belt while sound asleep at the wheel of his pricey Mercedes seadan seen in better days 'After several times of explaining the instructions he competed the task correctly,' the officer said in the report. Woods was also asked to perform a Walk & Turn first according to the affidavit, but 'could not maintain starting position,' 'missed heel to toe each time,' 'stepped off line several times' and 'used arms for balance.' Woods also 'stopped walking to steady self' at one point notes the report. He next was asked to perform a One Leg Stand, and was unable to raise his leg off the ground six inches, placing his foot down 'several times' while he tried to complete the test. The Finger To Nose seemed to confuse Woods, who despite having the instructions explained to him multiple times and claiming he understood what was being asked of him failed to complete the task as ordered according to the report. Woods also did not complete the Horizontal Gaze Nystagmus as he 'did not follow the stimulus.' In total, six members of law enforcement were involved in the arrest, five of whom were on the scene of the incident at some point on Monday.  'Based on all my observations, Woods SFSTs, and statements made by Woods, I believed I had probably cause to arrest and charge Woods with DUI.' The golf pro was placed in handcuffs, placed under arrest and transported to the station where at 4am, a little less than two hours after the arrest, Woods was observed by one of the officers on the scene for 20 minutes prior to submitting to a breathalyzer. The affidavit notes that Woods' speech was 'slow, sluggish, very slurred' and his attitude was described as 'sluggish, sleepy, unable to walk alone.' Scene: The 41-year-old golfer had to be woken up by an officer and stated that he did not know where he was after first claiming he had driven from California (site of Woods' DUI arrest above) Bad news: The Probable Cause Affidavit from Tiger Woods' DUI arrest reveals that the golfer was asleep at the wheel when he was approached early Monday (Woods above in March) Woods was 'cooperative as much as possible' but 'very droopy, extremely sleepy' and had trouble keeping his eyes open.  The breathalyzer was agreed to the report notes, and the results were explained to Woods after he blew a .000 twice in the span of three minutes. He then agreed to the urine test, which was drawn at 4:40 am according to the report, and was read his rights. The results of which have not been released at the time. VICODIN Vicodin is a powerful painkiller prescribed for moderate to severe pain. It contains a mix of hydrocodone (an opioid) and acetaminophen (a less potent painkiller, like Tylenol, that accentuates the effects of hydrocodone). Hydrocodone can slow or stop breathing. Too much acetaminophen can damage the liver. The FDA warning for Vicodin says it 'may impair the mental and/or physical abilities required for the performance of potentially hazardous tasks such as driving a car or operating machinery; patients should be cautioned accordingly.' Users are warned not to take Vicodin if: - they have taken a MAO inhibitor in the last 14 days - they have recently taken a sedative - they have a history of alcohol problems  The affidavit, which also reveals that Woods was on four prescription drugs - Soloxex [sic], Vicodin, Torix and Vioxx. The affidavit notes that Woods has not taken Vioxx this year.    Woods refused however to complete the question and answer section of the form, which involves a mix of general questions about the current date and time along with personal questions about physical aliments or any prescription drugs an individual is taking at the time.  In the Notice to Appear, Officers state that there was no indication of alcohol influence during Woods' arrest, but under drug influence marked 'unknown.' Woods, who occupation is listed as 'athlete,' is facing a traffic misdemeanor for his driving under the influence arrest and will make his first appearance in court later this summer. That appearance is a mandatory one for Woods, who must be in attendance on that date according to the notice he received on Monday. He could be facing up to six months in prison if convicted on the charge, and be ordered to pay $1,000 in fines while performing up to 50 hours of community service. Woods could also walk free if test show he took no more than the recommended dosage of his medication, which was prescribed by a medical professional. It was hard for the golfer to walk according to the report, which notes that he has undergone four left knee surgeries and four Achilles operations. Woods' first knee surgery occurred back in 1994 while he was still in college, with the teenager having a benign tumor removed from his knee. His Achilles injuries meanwhile all came around the same time his career began to spiral back in 2008, with the four operations he underwent occurring between then and 2012.  Not noted on the report is the fact that Woods has also had four procedures done on his back as well, the most recent being the fusion procedure he underwent in April.  Performing under pressure: After failing four field sobriety tests, Woods did manage to successfully recite the national anthem backwards (report above) Family: Wodds and ex-wife Elin Nordegren share custody of their daughter Sam, 9, and son Charlie, 7 (Woods and Nordegren with Sam in 2009 above) 'The surgery went well, and I'm optimistic this will relieve my back spasms and pain,' Woods said shortly after the operation.  'When healed, I look forward to getting back to a normal life, playing with my kids, competing in professional golf and living without the pain I have been battling so long.' His most recent blog post was just six day ago, and the typically laconic Woods wrote in depth about how happy he was with his surgery and his excitement about a possible return to golf. 'It has been just over a month since I underwent fusion surgery on my back, and it is hard to express how much better I feel. It was instant nerve relief. I haven't felt this good in years,' wrote Woods.  He went on to say that while it was a difficult decision to make, he ultimately agreed to the surgery so he could 'have a life with his kids.' VIOXX Woods said he has not taken this in the past year. Vioxx was withdrawn from the US market in 2004 over safety concerns that it increases risk of heart attack and stroke. A major report published by the journal Lancet found that 88,000 Americans had heart attacks from taking Vioxx, and 38,000 of them died. It is a nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory drug (known medically as rofecoxib) that was once prescribed to treat osteoarthritis, acute pain conditions and period pains. Last year, manufacturer Merck & Co had to pay $830 million to resolve a class action suit with shareholders. The company has reserved $4.85 billion to settle legal claims with patients. Here is a brief timeline: - May 1999: First approved by the FDA in 1999, Vioxx was sold by Merck & Co. - December 1999: within months, a safety panel found that scores of patients had suffered serious heart problems or died - double the rate of those on a similar drug with different properties. - In the ensuing years, numerous studies found similar issues - but in that time, 20 million Americans took the drug - September 2004: Merck withdraws the drug after a large study found the clearest evidence that Vioxx increases the risk of heart attacks Woods then wrote about his career moving forward, stating: 'As for returning to competitive golf, the long-term prognosis is positive. My surgeon and physiotherapist say the operation was successful. It's just a matter of not screwing up and letting it fuse. I'm walking and doing my exercises, and taking my kids to and from school. All I can do is take it day by day. There's no hurry.' He added: 'But, I want to say unequivocally, I want to play professional golf again.' The golfer closed out the post as if it would be his last for some time, writing: 'That's about it for now. Have a great summer.'  Should he return, Woods would still be in striking distance of the two biggest PGA records, with his 79 wins just three shy of Sam Snead's record 82 and his 14 Majors four shy of record-holder Jack Nicklaus. Not one to weigh in on the personal matters of his fellow athletes, Nicklaus was forced to speak about Woods' situation due to the fact that he had a previously scheduled press conference on Tuesday afternoon ahead of the  Memorial Tournament, which he founded over four decades ago. When asked if he wanted to comment, Nicklaus responded: 'Not really.' He then added however: 'I feel bad for Tiger. Tiger's a friend. He needs all our help.'  Woods also owns a restaurant near his home in Jupiter, The Woods. The establishment offers classic American fare and drinks along with a lengthy list of bourbons, ryes, cognacs and cigars.    He released a book this past March as well,   Forbes estimated Woods' net worth to be $740million in 2016, with the golfer making $45.5million just that year in endorsements despite his lackluster play on the links.  Time will now tell if any of those big name sponsors, including Nike and Rolex, opt out of their relationship with the golfer.  Woods resigned with Nike back in 2013, but the company stopped making golf equipment last year, meaning that the athlete is being paid to wear their clothing. Work in progress: It was also hard for the golfer to walk according to the report, which notes that he has undergone four left knee surgeries and four Achilles operations (surgeries above) Rough time: Woods had difficulty signing his name (top left) and then writing in print (bottom right) on his Notice to Appear at 7:30am on Monday morning  And that is something he will not be doing for some time after his surgery.  That personal fortune meanwhile comes after Woods handed over $750million to first wife Elin Nordegren in their 2010 divorce. The couple share custody of their daughter Sam, 9, and son Charlie, 7, with the exact details of their arrangement unknown due to a seal on the court documents, It is unclear if this arrest might impact the agreement between Woods and his ex-wife. Woods apologized for his actions in a statement late Monday, while claiming that he had not been drinking prior to his arrest and believed that he had suffered a reaction to a prescription medication. Secret garden: Woods lives in a $54million mansion in Hobe Sound that is well guarded and secluded (entrance above) In The Woods: The golfer also owns a restaurant near his home in Jupiter, The Woods (above), which offers classic American fare RELATED ARTICLES Previous 1 2 Next EXCLUSIVE: Tiger Woods' ex-wife Elin Nordegren was pulled... Lindsey Vonn shows off her bikini body and cozies up to new... Ariana Grande to join forces with Katy Perry, Miley Cyrus... Tiger Woods' mugshot gets the meme treatment as the internet... Tiger Woods was ASLEEP at the wheel and on FOUR prescription... Share this article Share 2.2k shares The golfer underwent fusion surgery last month. 'I understand the severity of what I did and I take full responsibility for my actions. I want the public to know that alcohol was not involved,' said Woods. 'What happened was an unexpected reaction to prescribed medications. I didn't realize the mix of medications affected me so strongly.' He went on to state: 'I would like to apologize with all my heart to my family, friends, and the fans. I expect more from myself, too. I will do everything in my power to ensure this never happens again.' Woods then closed out by expressing his gratitude for the local authorities, saying: 'I fully cooperated with law enforcement, and I would like to personally thank the representatives of the Jupiter Police Dept. and the Palm Beach County Sheriff's Office for their professionalism.'  Share or comment on this article e-mail 2.2k shares Most watched News videos Graphic footage of London attack victim with serious neck injury Shocking dashcam footage shows people fleeing scene of terror attack Hero Londoners try to save victims of city's latest terror attack Bloodied man led to safety through a cordon of armed police Moment gunshots are heard outside a restaurant in London Bridge Police tell drinkers to 'get down immediately' in London bar Exclusive: Armed police order people to the floor in Barking Horrific moment man randomly hits 90-year-old with cane in NYC Shocking moment woman blocks young boy from brutal crash This cat wants out! Owner argues with cat who wants to go outside Woman heard crying in fear as police evacuate Borough Market Theresa May says 'enough is enough' after London terror attack Arsenal jihadi 'euphoric' hours before murdering seven as... 'Olivia wouldn't want you to cry. She'd have wanted to... Family pay tribute to Canadian woman killed in terror... KATIE HOPKINS: You’re right, Theresa. We cannot go on... Armed police arrest 12 - including four women - at East... 'Stay with me, please, I love you': Bystanders rush to... Trump condemns London Mayor after terror attack:... Harrowing dashcam footage reveals trail of devastation on... Pippa Middleton and James Matthews return to civilisation... Body of Manchester terror victim Eilidh MacLeod, 14, is... 'He's a soldier': Father-of-three stabbed FOUR times by... Desperate families beg for information on 'missing' loved... ISIS celebrates deaths of seven killed in London Bridge... Bystander caught in police crossfire was shot in the head... Hero neighbor shoots knife-wielding father dead as he... Frail man, 90, who was viciously beaten with a cane in a... 'Bit of pain but I'll survive': Australian waitress, 31,... Where.Am.I? Bungling Black Eyed Pea Will.i.am slammed... MOST READ NEWS Previous Next ● ● ● ● Comments 530 Share what you think Newest Oldest Best rated Worst rated   View all The comments below have not been moderated.   View all The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline. We are no longer accepting comments on this article. More top stories Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail     Femail Today PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Bradley Cooper is seen cradling his newborn daughter Lea De Seine during stroll with Irina Shayk in LA Young family  Bella Hadid slips her impressively slim figure into racy cut-out swimsuit as she smoulders in another high profile sports campaign Miley Cyrus praises 'role model' Ariana Grande as she puts on a leggy performance at inspiring One Love fundraiser Touching words  'I misjudged you': Piers Morgan apologizes to 'admirable' Ariana Grande and praises her  after criticizing her for jetting home following Manchester attack What a pair! Kendall Jenner and Hailey Baldwin show off their trim figures in leggings in NYC Both the models dressed down  Dressed to the nines! The First couples Ivanka and Jared and Donald and Melania turn heads in their black-tie attire as they head to the Ford's Theatre Gala  Daddy's not-so-little girl! Danny DeVito is dwarfed by daughter Lucy as they attend Drama Desk Awards in NYC Huge comedy star  'Do not be afraid': Ariana Grande's heroic mother Joan shares empowering message as she joins fans in the crowd at One Love concert in Manchester  'Olivia wouldn't want you to cry. She'd have wanted to hear the hits': Tearful Adriana Grande reveals inspirational message mother of bombing victim  Ariana Grande sparks confusion by sporting dazzling rock on her left hand... as she is supported by boyfriend Mac Miller onstage at Manchester tribute  'Happy Sunday everybody!!' Jennifer Lopez shares Instagram snap with Alex Rodriguez and children in pool Everyone is smiling  Hoping to join her? Hailey Baldwin flaunts toned tum in an Adidas sports bra... days after gal pal Kendall Jenner is named brand ambassador She looks like a winner! Nominee Kate Walsh sizzles in a satin dress at Drama Desk Awards in NYC The 49-year-old actress wore a silky ivory top Curves ahead! Courtney Stodden reveals her bountiful bosom as she shimmies in LBD during racy video She's an expert at posting sensual selfies 'Cut her legs off, she crawls right back to me': Tyga seemingly mocks ex Kylie Jenner in new single Playboy Appears to take aim at the natural beauty 'Grow up!': Kim Kardashian RIPS Caitlyn Jenner's new memoir... as Kourtney claims Bruce borrowed money from her in KUWTK teaser Game Of Thrones fans MIGHT have to wait until 2019 for final season... as HBO cautions there won't be a spin-off any time soon More teasing delays She's a star in stripes! Laura Linney wears wide bright panel dress as she wins top honor at Drama Desk Awards The 53-year-old actress was a star in stripes  Putting in the work! Hot and sweaty Kaley Cuoco is red-faced as she leaves LA gym after Sunday workout session Wiped off the sweat from her face  Keeping the faith! Selena Gomez keeps it casual in a hoodie and cropped jeans as she attends trendy Hillsong Church NYC Attended a service  Pretty little traveler: Make-up free Lucy Hale is casual chic as she dons pink bomber jacket and ripped denim for flight out of LA Has quit alcohol  That's a stretch! Bethenny Frankel, 46, bends over backwards while showing off fit bod in new yoga photo Clearly enjoys showing off her workouts Booty-ful moves! Iggy Azalea shows off her stunning figure in red leotard while writhing onstage at awards show in Mexico City All eyes on her  Forget something? Bella Thorne wears most daring look yet as she flaunts chest by going BRALESS under sheer top while out in LA Beyonce's daughter Blue Ivy 'will watch her mother give birth to twins so she doesn't feel left out' Unconventional parenting Dirty girl! Emily Ratajkowski allows a female friend to put mud on her bare bottom during trip to hot springs while enjoying Italian vacation Making them green with envy! Cynthia Nixon, 51, cuts a chic figure in lime frock at Drama Desk Awards Started off the red carpet in style Siren... with a heart! Ariel Winter models white tank top as she speaks out against testing on animals Modern Family star is a staunch activist  'As a father, this has made me truly sad': David Beckham pays tribute to his 'home' of Manchester as he sends poignant video message to One Love concert Fergie spends family time in LA as Black Eyed Peas rock One Love Manchester without her Wowed the crowd with their hit Where Is The Love? Genetically blessed family! Fergie rocks all-black outfit as she and Josh Duhamel take son Axl, three, to church Fergie, 42, looked super in black skinny jeans  'I've got an emotional depth greater than two years ago': Hunger Games star Sam Claflin reveals fatherhood made him a better actor Life changing  Australian actor Hugh Sheridan claims he and Rebel Wilson visited a 'secret apartment' in Disneyland after the actress said she was related to Walt Disney Justin Bieber is brought to tears as emotional One Love Manchester gig cracks his tough exterior onstage Touching scenes Holding on to her man! Makeup-free Milla Jovovich is chic in big glasses as she giggles with husband Paul W.S. Anderson Resident Evil star Coldplay's Chris Martin is brought to his knees in emotionally-charged duet of Don't Look Back In Anger with Ariana Grande at Manchester gig 'Barn life': Kristin Cavallari slips into her Daisy Dukes as she takes her family to feed chickens in the country Lifestyle mogul's had a day out  Showing her stripes (and abs): Single Olivia Munn flaunts her impressive stomach in crop top at LAX Showing off her stunning figure Dressed to the nines! Ivanka Trump looks stunning in a red gown as she heads to the Ford's Theatre Gala hand-in-hand with Jared Looked regal  'Love conquers fear and love conquers hate': Katy Perry sends a poignant message as she dresses in angelic all-white at One Love Manchester concert 'First official pool day!': Katherine Heigl matches her swimsuit to her lawn umbrella as she enjoys a relaxing Sunday with husband Josh Parents to two girls  Khloe Kardashian jets out of LA as her basketball beau Tristan Thompson prepares for big game in Oakland Reality star radiated glamour and celebrity Hollywood's most eligible single! Jennifer Garner looks lovely as she takes baked goods to church... after it's claimed Affleck is already 'dating' Cleaning up his act? Freshly shaven Tiger Woods is pictured for the first time since he was arrested for DUI while 'on four prescription pills' 'I had so much anxiety': Kim Zolciak reveals coping with son's ferocious dog attack got to her as she takes her family on bikini vacation Can enjoy some time off Hilar-ious: Hilary Duff rocks geek chic glasses while having a laugh with a friend after brunch in New York City Is on a break from shooting Younger  Back to the family! Scott Disick enjoys Calabasas outing with Mason and Penelope... after partying with bikini babes in Europe He's had his hands full  Back to school! Katie Holmes says she's 'excited' about having enrolled in Harvard University's Business Of Entertainment program It's never too late  Where.Am.I? Bungling Black Eyed Pea Will.i.am forgets what city he's in at Manchester terror concert as he greets crowd by saying 'What's up London?'  Pippa Middleton's brother-in-law Spencer Matthews enjoys a laidback weekend with friends... while his girlfriend Vogue Williams is in Spain  Liam Gallagher makes surprise appearance at Ariana Grande's One Love concert in Manchester but fans are disappointed brother Noel does not join him  Pippa Middleton and James Matthews return to civilization after three days spotting crocodiles and kangaroos at a 'luxury wild bush' resort in Australia  Underwear-free Lindsay Lohan dazzles in a thigh-skimming gold dress as she celebrates socialite BFF Hofit Golan's birthday Turned heads in London They made a pretty girl! Daughter of Eddie Murphy and Nicole looks stunning in white as she hits Women Of Excellence Awards Gala in LA 'F*** them all': Alec Baldwin defends Kathy Griffin on Twitter and  insists 'no one believes you intended to threaten Trump' What happened to her lips? Khloe Kardashian shows off a massive pout as she stuns in Snapchat image taken in her car A hair-raising look! Gwen Stefani steps out in bizarre cropped trench coat with tulle finish for church trip with her kids Quirky look  They could be sisters! Reese Witherspoon glows in floral dress as she poses next to 'best friend forever' Shannon Rotenberg Stunning blondes  How Cary Grant took acid to get over his issues with women: Famed actor took 100 LSD pills over the course of THREE YEARS to counter his struggles Former Knicks coach Derek Fisher is arrested for DUI in LA after crashing his car with Basketball Wives star girlfriend Gloria Govan in the passenger seat Legs out for The Weeknd! Selena Gomez oozes sex appeal in two clingy thigh-skimming dresses as she enjoys night out in New York Enviable figure  Kendall Jenner reveals a little TOO much as she goes braless in a semi-sheer corset dress while strolling through New York Grabbed attention  'Men and religion are worthless': Bette Midler speaks out as stars from Ariana Grande to Khloe Kardashian support London terror attack victims Beyonce's daughter Blue Ivy 'will watch her mother give birth to twins so she doesn't feel left out' She is expecting twins in the coming weeks  'Take a picture while we joking': Jay Z caught faking candid photo with Kevin Hart... but comedian insists 'it came out dope as hell' The graduate! Eva Longoria receives honorary degree from Knox College... then treats herself to a Dairy Queen dessert Ariana Grande's brother Frankie meets with fans as he arrives at Old Trafford cricket ground ahead of the star-studded benefit concert  Love is blind! Single KUWTK star Jonathan Cheban wears statement shirt in Beverly Hills after splitting from Anat Popovsky last year Spanish fashion designer David Delfin dies at age 46 after battle with cancer Spanish Prime Minister Mariano Rajoy was one of the first to pay tribute  Bonding time! Ashley Benson and Shay Mitchell match in black as they enjoy girls' night out with Pretty Little Liars creator while leaving Craig's Princess Charlene exudes glamor in scarlet lipstick as she turns out to support Lycra-clad husband Prince Albert for his water bike challenge  Mommy and me! Minnie Driver goes makeup-free with stylish hat as she takes her son Henry shopping in Malibu Bradley Cooper and Irina Shayk leave the baby at home for a low-key date night in Santa Monica The pair went incognito for a romantic evening  Eric Dane makes first public appearance after break to cope with depression as he joins wife Rebecca Gayheart and kids at Chrysalis Ball Happy anniversary! Lindsay Price and Curtis Stone beam at Chrysalis Ball as they prepare to celebrate four years of marriage She has a sizzling Ora about her! Rita sends temperatures soaring as she flaunts her cleavage and toned waist in skimpy bikinis for VERY saucy shoot His biggest fan! Gavin Rossdale, 51, is supported by stunning new love interest Sophie Thomalla, 27, as he rocks out on stage in Las Vegas Prince Harry tucks into a traditional iftar feast of porridge and dates with young Singaporeans to celebrate the breaking of the fast during Ramadan 'Today was a good day': Former Bachelorette Trista Sutter posts loved-up snap with husband Ryan after suffering a scary seizure in Croatia Penny Lancaster, 47, shows off her famous model figure in a thigh-skimming crochet dress as she soaks up the sun on a yacht with husband Rod Stewart, 72 PICTURE EXCLUSIVE Welcome to my world! Taylor Swift and Joe Alwyn enjoy their morning coffee as she takes him home to Nashville 'Internet shopping like a self-pity fiend': Lena Dunham reveals how she's coping after endometriosis treatment as she's spotted in her PAJAMAS Pirates of the Caribbean star Kaya Scodelario 'REFUSES to pay for sick grandmother in Brazil as family label her actions unforgivable' Crocodile safaris, kangaroo for dinner and only wallabies for company: Inside Pippa Middleton and James Matthews' remote luxury outback love nest 'Missing my pink hair!': Kylie Jenner shares flashback photo with a snake... after sister Kendall possibly outed the teen as a smoker Hidden message? 'People can't tell us apart!' Kim Zolciak, 39, admonishes Brielle, 20, after she jokes her mom 'looks 40' Brielle Biermann incited the wrath of her mom Giggly Keri Russell glows in a summery peplum skirt and white top as she attends Polo event with long-term partner Matthew Rhys Loved-up couple  Girls' vacation! Kourtney Kardashian opens up her photo album as she shares flashback snaps from roadtrip with Kim and Khloe Still going strong! Balthazar Getty poses with wife Rosetta and kids at Chrysalis Ball... as it's been nearly 10 years since Sienna Miller affair Kate Beckinsale keeps it casual in tight black leggings as she showcases her svelte physique Rumored to be getting cozy with Jon Hamm  Sheer madness! Joanna Krupa reveals her toned stomach in body hugging black gown Turned heads on the red carpet  Girl done good! Natalie Portman 'snaps up $6.5million four bedroom Santa Barbara mansion with 10.4 acres of land and stunning views of the Pacific' Teen Mom star Farrah Abraham sports long blonde hair as she spends the day with her daughter Sophia Had a big day in the Big Apple  Braless Lottie Moss shows off her model figure in a plunging floral knotted crop top and matching shorts as she lunches with her mother in London ABS-olutely fabulous! Braless Miley Cyrus highlights her svelte figure in crop top with shorts and denim jacket Flashed her flat stomach in a white crop top Liam Payne, 23, reveals he and girlfriend Cheryl, 33, plan to expand family... as he admits fatherhood has made him a 'changed man' GIRL ABOUT TOWN: Pippa's new husband breaks with tradition by donning a wedding ring James, 41, has donned a gold band to show his devotion  Scott Disick, 34, cuddles up to topless Australian model, 21, as he enjoys a raucous evening with woman number NINE during trip to London Where the bloody hell was she? Lara Bingle 'arrives 45 minutes late' to Tiffany & Co. launch in before 'clocking off and refusing to speak to journalists' Those boots aren't made for walking! Iggy Azalea showcases some VERY extravagant floral thigh-highs in a plunging silky white gown  Looking good in her Blue Jeans! Lana Del Rey cuts a casual cool figure in black polo with skinny trousers while out in LA Spotted in Hollywood  Classic LBD with a twist! Zendaya wows in black dress with pearl detailing for Chrysalis Butterfly Ball The 20-year-old stepped out in an elegant gown  Khloe Kardashian's Good American fashion line hits back at accusations from independent designer that reality star copied her work Teen Mom OG's Ryan Edwards checks into rehab... after ex Maci Bookout revealed she was terrified he might OD He is doing well  'I've been let go!' Kevin Can Wait star Erinn Hayes dropped from second season as Leah Remini joins the cast Will not be returning for the second season  Stunning in Soho! Selena Gomez shows off her toned stomach in a crop top as she spends the day with friends The Bad Liar beauty is visiting the East Coast Ariana Grande 'set to perform tear-jerking duet of Where Is The Love? with The Black Eyed Peas' at star-studded One Love Manchester Benefit  The diet worked! Molly Sims flaunts her svelte frame on date night after ten-week bikini after baby plan They just spent last week in Mexico together 'Night Time!' Lindsay Lohan wears an unzipped dress as she poses atop her bed for saucy Instagram snap Shared a provocative picture 'Seal found your musical G-spot!' Delta Goodrem bursts into laughter at Boy George's VERY risqué joke during The Voice Australia live  Controversial remark Former Australian Bachelor contestant Tiffany Scanlon showcases her taut abs in a tiny red bikini as she reveals the secret behind her new six pack 'I went from eating at the White House to sleeping in the bushes': Child star Willie Aames reveals his 'stupid decisions' led to him losing everything 'She was standing there and I fell in love': Willie Aames reveals the incredible story of meeting his pen friend of 30 YEARS, Winnie Hung, who became his wife David and Victoria Beckham are 'ripping out their $6.4million country estate... because 'the roof colors don't match' Have halted work I want candy! Angelina Jolie treats kids Shiloh and Vivian to roller skating as daughter Zahara is seen with giant box of Hot Tamales Doting mother  Shop til you drop! Sofia Vergara looks effortlessly elegant in slim floral pants as she hits the shops in Beverly Hills She oozed style  'Lost for words but currently safe': Ruby Rose and girlfriend Jessica Origliasso are in lockdown as they're caught in the middle of London terror attack 'Getting into her zone': Coco Austin takes daughter Chanel, one, to Ice-T's concert... and dances along backstage Attended her husband Ice-T's concert Who is Ruairi Luke? Meet the busty Australian model who was spotted partying TOPLESS with Scott Disick and another man on a London balcony  'He is not feeling great': An exhausted Scott Disick returns to Los Angeles after a raucous week of partying as it's claimed he's 'ready to shape up' Now that's an arrival! Ice-T and Coco Austin are MOBBED by fans as they jet into Sydney with daughter Chanel They have both arrived in Australia  Ready for summer! Reese Witherspoon looks girly in gingham as she enjoys a day of shopping with husband Jim Married for six years Broadway star Laura Bell Bundy marries longtime love Thom Hinkle in country themed nuptials at horse track Tied the knot to the TBS executive  Baby on the way! Mad Men's Ben Feldman's wife Michelle Mulitz reveals her bump on the red carpet Attended the 16th Annual Chrysalis Butterfly Ball 'That's the fun part!' Beyonce's mom Tina Knowles buys her grandchildren 'drum sets'... to 'get my kids back' A 63-year-old beauty  'Brunettes have fun too!' Paris Hilton ditches her blonde locks for a brown wig as she plays dress up on Snapchat Known as the gorgeous blonde heiress 'I proposed to the love of my life': Former Dallas Cowboys quarterback and Hall of Famer Troy Aikman gets engaged to girlfriend Capa Mooty Alexandra Daddario keeps low profile in baggy ensemble after enjoying a tiki cruise with friends Looked a little worse for wear 'They've gotten even closer': Bradley Cooper and Irina Shayk speak 'several times a day' as actor works away from home following daughter's birth 'No hair, no makeup, no nothing': Jennifer Lopez, 47, looks half her age in bare-faced glimpse at her pre-show ritual Superstar bared-all for video  Stunning in silver! Halle Berry, 50, wows in sequined dress with matching jacket for the Chrysalis Butterfly Ball Oscar winner did not disappoint  'Think she's fond of my leg hair?' Bella Thorne's kitten snuggles into teen's unshaven pins Took to Instagram to announce that she had fallen ill GIRL ABOUT TOWN: Lady Mary partied so hard at Noel Gallagher's epic 50th birthday party she has been bedridden ever since Big birthday bash  Just do it! Bella Hadid flaunts her midriff in Nike sports bra with coordinating bottoms The 20-year-old stepped out for a work commitment  Breaking Bad star Aaron Paul can't keep his hands of wife Lauren Parsekian as they pack on the PDA while he films new movie in Italy That's Amore Priyanka Chopra reveals her svelte physique in a polka dot sundress at the Veuve Clicquot Polo Classic Finished her promo tour for Baywatch Absolutely quacked! Guy Ritchie and Tom Hardy 'storm out of Chinese restaurant after they're denied Peking Duck dish'  Unhappy  Christie's girl! Sailor Brinkley-Cook lets her natural beauty shine as she poses for magazine Let her natural radiance shine through for the latest issue 'We all might just make out': Orange Is The New Black star Yael Stone outlines VERY raunchy Wentworth crossover Lust-driven outline for a spin-off 'Beach bound!' Kim Zolciak shows off impressive figure on family Bahamas vacation... as brave son Kash helps stray one month after dog attack Night and day! Emma Roberts is transformed as she steps out in costume while filming Little Italy The beauty was clad in a patent leather black coat Who IS the murderer on the Orient Express? The line-up of suspects from the new eagerly anticipated film based on Agatha Christie's novel 'This goes down as a classic': Lupita Nyong'o raves over new Wonder Woman movie in heartfelt review She wholeheartedly agrees Justin Bieber jets into Germany clutching onto his skateboard ahead of performance at Ariana Grande's One Love Manchester benefit concert 'My marriage was a Greek tragedy': Prince Charles's astonishing hand-written letters to Nancy Reagan reveal his anguish over his split from Diana  'I was probably self-medicating: Kiwi singer Lorde reveals she went through a bout of heavy drinking after breaking up with ex-boyfriend White hot! Nicole Murphy puts her ample assets on display in low-cut frock for Women of Excellence Awards Gala Graced the red carpet  'Obsessed!' Heather Morris and son Owen tuck in as they celebrate National Donut Day May still be reeling from her baffling elimination from DWTS Plait looks fun! Bella Thorne rocks tiny shorts and braids as she steps out with her party posse She was seen with her rumored on again boyfriend Gregg Sulkin  Horsing around! Nicky Hilton Rothschild wows in green silk dress at Veuve Cliquot Polo Classic Kendall Jenner was also there Cher joins mourners as 'Ramblin Man' Gregg Allman is laid to rest in the same cemetery he used to write songs Thousands of fans lined the streets of Macon Disgraced Josh Duggar makes return to social media in post celebrating his four-year-old son Marcus' birthday two years after sex scandal Flaunting her Cannes tan! Bella Hadid showcases her endless legs in shorts and cut-out top during photoshoot Strutted her stuff  Keeping it brief! Leggy Kendall Jenner accidentally flashes her UNDERWEAR in leafy green mini-dress at star-studded Veuve Clicquot Polo Classic Busted! Kendall Jenner shares photo of sister Kylie holding a cigarette while bragging about photography skills Is she trying to get her sister in trouble? Heidi Klum, 43, stuns in a simple maxidress as she leaves Mykonos with beau Vito Schnabel, 30, after soaking up the sun on the Greek island Tanned and relaxed Wild things! Emmy Rossum and Sam Esmail share images from their honeymoon safari in Rwanda The loved up couple hared a slew of shots  No sunburn for her! Nicole Kidman keeps her pale skin under cover in a long-sleeved dress at Veuve Clicquot's Polo Classic at Liberty State Park 9021-whoah! Rachel McCord (almost) bares all in a VERY daring embellished jacket as she attends the Hollywood premiere of All About The Money Move over Kim! Kris Jenner, 61, wears see-through lace top and bra for dinner outing with Jada Pinkett Smith Flaunted her incredible figure  Proud to be in the pink: It's the color which used to make feminists see red - but now today's top women dress in Millennial Pink to signal empowerment  Jennifer Garner looks in high spirits as she picks up daughter Violet, 11, from school in navy shift dress... after ex Ben Affleck finally moves belongings out  We Belong Together! Mariah Carey and her recently rekindled flame Bryan Tanaka put on an amorous display at a dinner date  Couldn't be separated  EXCLUSIVE: Actor Alan Cummings is pleading for the release of his former chimpanzee co-star Tonka from 'cockroach-infested' primate foundation  Naughty and nice! Sophia Bush shows off her cleavage in a flirty lace dress at film festival gala in Connecticut  Pamela Anderson shows off her famous curves in a white bardot dress during  post-dinner walk with a male friend in St Tropez Fabulous in France  Just like dad! Tom Brady brings mini me son Jack to charity football game The 39-year-old NFL superstar looked every bit the proud father  'I sit there in awe': Seal reveals his 'deep affection' for The Voice co-star Delta Goodrem after announcing he 'loved' her The Voice Australia stars She's a City Girl! Rosario Dawson joins creator Sarah Ramos and Busy Philipps for a table read of Internet hit Three actresses couldn't stop smiling  'It was definitely not a comfortable day': Vanessa Williams, 54, rued having to wear bikini for first day on Daytime Divas (despite looking AMAZING) Manchester gets ready to rock and remember: Final preparations under way for tomorrow night's One Love benefit concert at Old Trafford  Just a day away  'We wouldn't have made the same choice': Wonder Woman director Patty Jenkins admits her 'heart sank' when Gal Gadot was originally cast Touchdown! Olivia Culpo and NFL star boyfriend Danny Amendola coordinate in red for charity football game Tom Brady's event Is that you Elle? Reese Witherspoon channels her ditzy Legally Blonde character in vibrant pink summer dress from her very own range 'This is the scariest building I've ever seen! WTF goes on inside?' Tom Hanks posts a photo of mysterious almost windowless Manhattan tower  Right on the Munn-ey! Braless Olivia stuns in Daisy Dukes as she puts on leggy display in lace up gladiator heels Treated herself to a new hair style Both of Bill Cosby's 'wives' will be at trial: Disgraced comedian's real-life partner of 50 years Camille and his TV spouse Phylicia Rashad will be in court  Pretty Little Liar star Ashley Benson goes braless as she reveals midriff in crop top while out in Beverly Hills Rocked the revealing ensemble  Coyote ugly! Kanye West wants to design Calabasas High School sports uniforms... but only if he can rename them the Wolves Joanna Krupa puts on a busty display in plunging white playsuit as she enjoys dinner in West Hollywood She recently split from husband Romain Zago Queen of green! Hailey Baldwin catches the eye in a quirky emerald tracksuit and stiletto heels as she steps out for coffee Cut a confident look Sudden departure! Stylish Justin Theroux leaves NY for LA ahead of The Leftovers final ever episode The 45-year-old cut a stylish traveler look Check mate! Lindsay Lohan blows a kiss as she dines out in stylish monochrome jacket... after admitting she 'misses' her Hollywood lifestyle Make-up free Julianne Moore cuts a casual figure as she rocks pajama couture in rare outing with husband Stepped out for lunch in New York 'I am basically a witch': Lorde reveals fascination with witchcraft as singer claims she has connected with the ghost of David Bowie Sheer perfection! The Mummy star Annabelle Wallis reveals her bra in a daring see-through top as she dines out in London Flashed her toned body He's scored! Proud Kim Sears celebrates husband Andy Murray's win against Juan Martin Del Potro at French Open Putting in the leg work! Alessandra Ambrosio catches the eye in thigh-skimming minidress as she attends Madrid fashion launch Turning heads in Spain  Bruce Springsteen's showjumping daughter Jessica displays her equestrian skills as she competes at the Athina Onassis Horse Show in St Tropez Black is the New Orange: Ruby Rose cuts a low-key figure as she touches down in London in a sombre hoodie and shades All grown up! Raven-Symone and Anneliese van der Pol reprise their best friend roles in new trailer for Disney's Raven's Home New trailer Lottie Moss displays her enviably toned pins in ruffled floral romper as she enjoys night out with Scott Disick's rumored flame Ella Ross Cuter couture! Orlando Bloom proudly rocks adorable T-shirt designed by his six-year-old son Flynn He has his own personal designer 'There's a place for outright silliness right now': Comedian Steve Carell says moviegoers need a balance of lighthearted comedy and reality  Sofia Vergara cuts a casual figure in off-the-shoulder top and ripped jeans while shopping in LA The 44-year-old star looked casual cool 'I didn't want a number': Tom Cruise reveals Top Gun sequel will be called Top Gun: Maverick Sequel to the 1986 action film Top Gun Sheerly amazing! Lorde takes the stage in black see-through top for star-studded Governor's Ball in New York City Revealing outfit Goddess in green! Isla Fisher cuts a chic figure in emerald leather-look jacket as she speaks at Children's Book and Author breakfast in New York Black Eyed Peas frontman will.i.am claims reports Fergie left the group are 'lies' and says she's focusing on solo work False rumors  Right on Target! Halsey dons a blue wig as she surprises diehard fans with impromptu meet-and-greet at LA store Blending in with the locals! Kelly Rowland sports camouflage jacket as she spends day in Sydney with family and husband Tim Weatherspoon Revealed: The full list of 100 super-rich British stars in $900million tax relief scheme includes The Beckhams, Robbie Williams, and Geri Halliwell Changing seasons! Lily Aldridge switches up summery red dress for fall pantsuit for Vogue shoot in New York Wowed in a hot-weather dress  Hello sunshine! Gigi Hadid gives just a peek at her toned tum in form-fitting bright yellow two-piece number She's used to having all eyes on her Still a Pretty Woman! Evergreen Julia Roberts stuns as she goes casual cool in bomber jacket over blouse for Malibu photoshoot Ageless beauty Kathy Griffin loses remainder of her tour gigs in wake of Donald Trump severed head scandal after dramatic press conference Celebrity Run-Ins Tour  I feel like a rock star after meeting Ariana Grande, says eight-year-old bomb victim who was visited in hospital by pop star and Prince William     DON'T MISS Ring of steel set to protect 50,000 fans: Huge security operation in place as Ariana Grande pays tribute to Manchester victims 22 people died Pretty as a petal! Maggie Gyllenhaal dons chic floral jacket and trouser combination at New York premiere of The Deuce Fashionable actress Kendall Jenner looks runway ready in coordinating striped top and wide leg pants for a day out in New York Wore a ribbed top and wide leg trousers 'They were serious': Bachelorette Rachel Lindsay 'dated NBA star Kevin Durant when they were in college' They both attended The University of Texas Back to family life! Kourtney Kardashian takes Mason and Penelope to the movies after living it up at the Cannes Film Festival Showed of her tummy 'My hairdresser is better than your hairdresser!' Model Simone Holtznagel flaunts her freshly-styled mane after a trip to the stylist She Dunn ever disappoint! Supermodel mother Jourdan looks sensational as she shoots an editorial in New York City Stunning outfits  Kelly Rowland tells critics to BACK OFF Delta Goodrem amid complaints about her 'bulls**t theatrics' on The Voice Australia  On the floor! Jennifer Lopez, 47, gets a helping hand up from her dancers after bending a little TOO far backward during her Las Vegas show No Blindspots! Jaimie Alexander reveals her toned tummy as she rocks crop top and tight black leather pants Seen in a revealing ensemble ABS-olutely fabulous! Karrueche Tran flaunts her midriff in vintage crop top with ripped jeans for lunch outing Stepped out for lunch at Mauro's restaurant Former Bachelorette star Trista Sutter, 44, suffers seizure and collapses in front of her children while on vacation in Croatia Scary ordeal Kathy Griffin breaks down in tears claiming Trump family ruined her life - as her lawyer scoffs at report Barron was upset over severed head video  Izabel Goulart shows off her incredible abs and pert posterior in nautical thong bikini as she enjoys Ibiza beach holiday with footballer beau Kevin Trapp Moms unite! Jessica Alba and Jenna Dewan-Tatum bring glam to the beach for Baby2Baby benefit Businesswomen and mothers Super mom! Zoe Saldana reveals toned tummy in crop top while picking up two-year-old twins from school Revealed her enviable midriff  Dill-igent mama to be! Pregnant Heidi Montag chomps down on a pickle to satisfy her cravings in middle of grocery store Five months pregnant Adriana Lima emphasizes her pins in colorful leggings... after diamond ring Instagram declaring 'I AM MARRIED TO ME' Out and about in Miami Extra extra! Drew Barrymore goes Boho in billowing rainbow maxi to hand out copies of her new publication Stepped into the world of publishing Ciao bella! Blogger Natasha Oakley flaunts her ample cleavage in a bikini as she soaks up the sun on lavish Italian getaway Bikini blogger Back in black! 13 Reasons Why's Katherine Langford dons an understated ensemble as she is swarmed by fans at Sydney airport 'Dog walkers on deck!' Kendall Jenner's Mew joins Mariah Carey's Cha Cha and Chloe Grace Moretz's Pearl in Wag club Furry friends Back so soon? Olivia Newton-John's daughter Chloe Lattanzi returns to Instagram just NINE hours after vowing to quit social media Couldn't stay away Good enough to eat! Padma Lakshmi looks delectable in crocheted swimsuit on the cover of Beach magazine She graced the new cover of Beach Having a ball! Bikini-clad Coleen Rooney shows off her stunning body as she cradles son Kit during family trip to Barbados with husband Wayne Basketball Wives: LA star Laura Govan's home burglarized as thieves take $700,000 in cash and jewelry from her Southern California property Shy guy! Zac Efron keeps a low profile in blue hoodie for return to LA... after showing off pole dancing skills on Graham Norton Show He's not usually shy 'She's gone into serious detail': Kylie Minogue 'to spill the beans' on Joshua Sasse split in new album... after music helped her through 'very tough time' 'I live for donuts!' Hunger Games star Liam Hemsworth gets VERY excited while driving dirt bike around in circles Miley Cyrus' fiance It's a boy! Actress Lake Bell welcomes her second child with Scott Campbell She and her tattoo artist husband already have daughter Nova, aged two Inspiring, indeed! Lea Michele shows off toned figure in tight floral dress at the Inspiration Awards in LA She was presenting an award at the ceremony All that's missing is a yacht! Mad Men vet January Jones pulls off nautical look at Inspiration Awards... after trashing Donald Trump on Instagram Chris Cornell's toxicology report shows he had a cocktail of strong sedatives and four Ativan pills in his system when he killed himself  Justin Bieber shows off his heavily tattooed chest and touches his nipples after hugging a bikini girl by a swimming pool in New York Having fun in the sun Soldiering on! Gwyneth Paltrow steps out still on her medical boot as she chats with a pal in Santa Monica First spotted in it just over a week ago Her own best advertisement! Khloe Kardashian strikes a sensual pose to model her newest figure-hugging Good American jeans Platell's People: Diana would tell William and Harry 'don't look back in anger' William has spoken of the agony of walking behind Diana's coffin Ready for The Weeknd! Selena Gomez shows off her toned stomach in a crop top as she jets off to see her boyfriend Said to be 'head over heels' in love Diane Keaton 'hates' her figure: Actress, 71, whose nude film scenes were meant to empower older women admits using designer clothes to cover up her body  The moment executive in charge of Apple Music 'yelled at Rihanna to sit down at the NBA Finals' Singer was animated at game, even heckling Kevin Durant Summer chic! Elle Fanning delights in white strapless dress as she steps out with mystery man in NYC Spotted out and about in New York City Twinning is winning! Coco Austin puts her daughter Chanel in a matching T-shirt... as the tot has a CC logo on her back In Australia with Ice-T Pippa Middleton's $150,000 Moneymoon: Newlywed's vacation featured $320 kangaroo lunch, pricey bikinis galore and 15-minute flight costing $650  They're Down with it! Fifth Harmony wow as they debut their first single without Camila Cabello on GMA Four remaining members of the band Lena Dunham carries a walker into her apartment as she continues to recover from the complications of endometriosis surgery Brandy explains 'exhaustion' from constant travel is the reason she fell unconscious on Delta flight out of LA and was later hospitalized Charli XCX flashes her toned stomach in crop top as she puts on a leggy display in tiny shorts during New York City concert Took center stage 'He's a special person!': Renee Zellweger gushes about boyfriend Doyle Bramhall while attending film gala with her brother Andrew Chilling out! Emma Stone looks relaxed in striped blouse and jeans as she enjoys down time after wrapping The Favourite La La Land star EXCLUSIVE: Carmelo Anthony is 'fuming' over Chris Rock's bold pass at basketball star's estranged wife La La Anthony - but she says she was 'flattered'  'Those are the children you raised': Kendall Jenner sounds off against Caitlyn 'dissing the Kardashians' in her tell-all memoir Accused her of lying Style Swoon: From bag silhouette Kendall Jenner keeps wearing to Alexa Chung's stylish new line, FEMAIL reveals fashions we're loving this week It's only crock 'n' roll! Youngest Stone is 70 (and now they all need support acts!)  All needed a guiding arm as they left Wood's 70th birthday bash Gretchen Carlson reveals she was shunned by her closest friends and coworkers after she accused Roger Ailes of firing her for refusing sex Married at First Sight star reveals his desperation to give his wife her first orgasm, after having sex with her regularly for three weeks with no luck Dawn of justice! Gal Gadot steps out of New York hotel make-up free as her film Wonder Woman is expected to take US box office by storm Girls night out: Lisa Rinna and Harry Hamlin's stylish daughters Delilah and Amelia step out in eye-catching outfits in Los Angeles No clashes here! Vanessa Williams glows while joined by her glamorous Daytime Divas co-stars during Nasdaq MarketSite event in NYC Beauty guru Michelle Phan posts first video in months, admitting how her growing obsession with vanity and money led to her depression YouTube beauty vlogger Pregnant Serena Williams showcases her blossoming bump as she watches French Open tennis... after revealing she does not know baby's gender Dirty Baby! Tyga's rumored former fling Demi Rose looks bootylicious as she steps out in a slogan crop top in Ibiza Put on a busty display Prom time! Teresa Giudice glows as her eldest daughter Gia, 16, looks pretty for high school dance... while dad Joe serves three years in prison Jon Hamm discusses his breakup from  Jennifer Westfeldt as he admits he may be a 'narcissist'... after 'getting cozy' with Kate Beckinsale Beaming Lily Collins looks every inch the gym bunny as she leaves workout in Los Angeles  in skin-tight leggings and khaki coat George Clooney's ex-girlfriend Elisabetta Canalis keeps it casual in t-shirt and jeans as she dotes over daughter Skyler during lunch outing Meet Monsieur Toilette! Deleted scene from live-action Beauty and the Beast reveals movie was meant to feature a feisty talking TOILET character EXCLUSIVE: 'I fight against my genes constantly': Human Ken Doll Rodrigo Alves enjoys passionate smooch with personal trainer Danni Levy Looks familiar! Victoria's Secret beauty Romee Strijd recreates Kendall Jenner's Marc Jacobs look for NYC photoshoot Covered up for once Busty Pamela Anderson shows off her tiny waist and lean legs in a cream bardot dress as she steps out in St Tropez She's 50 on July 1  Patron saint of fashion! Justin Bieber's protégé 18-year-old Madison Beer becomes Moschino designer Jeremy Scott's latest muse   Double denim diva! Jessica Biel channels one of her husband Justin Timberlake's most famous looks from his Britney Spears days Spotted in sunny NYC 'It's disheartening!': Real Housewives Of Atlanta star Phaedra Parks admits that her divorce from Apollo Nida is extremely painful Climate control! Ivanka sports bold red lipstick and short monochrome as she steps out in D.C., a day after shunning her father's Paris historic accord announcement Sean Penn 'bumped from ECONOMY to FIRST CLASS' after passenger on Delta flight 'made snarky comments' about star's carry-on bags Lunch to go! Katie Holmes picks up takeout in LA.... hours before Jamie Foxx is seen across town Keeping relationship out of the spotlight A new romance? Kate Beckinsale and Jon Hamm were 'flirting' and 'inseparable' at Los Angeles  screening for his new movie Baby Driver Chelsea Clinton flashes bra in sheer top at NYC gay bar's Pride Month event, admitting she wore green to protest Trump's Paris Accord decision She's having a boy! Heavily pregnant Lauren Conrad announces she's having a son with cute Instagram post Card said 'It's a guy' with a baby in blue car So long, Chicago! Sophia Bush goes incognito as she wears sunglasses at LAX airport after quitting hit medical drama Moving on to new things 'He's trying to teach me how to hit the ball!' Katherine Webb and her NFL husband AJ McCarron enjoy a baby-free date night at Topgolf 'They've flown cases of tequila to an amazing villa': Kim Kardashian 'joins husband Kanye West in the Bahamas for his lavish 40th birthday party' My how you've changed! Two decades after movie Matilda premiered we reveal where child stars are now... and some are totally unrecognizable 'You see young soldiers permanently damaged... it's very sobering': Brad Pitt says he made War Machine to remind people of ravages of war 'Gym selfie - because fat people don't work out, right?' Size 22 model Tess Holliday hits back at body-shamers by sharing a photo of herself in locker room Good heavens! Victoria's Secret Angel Alessandra Ambrosio goes BRALESS at shoe launch... as she hangs out with Kylie Minogue's ex Andres Velencoso Electra-fying! Carmen, 45, sizzles in plunging cocktail dress as she parties the night away at Hollywood hotspot The Peppermint Club Showed off her assets 'I'm not against people owning guns': Kim Kardashian talks tighter laws in honor of National Gun Violence Awareness Day Posted  views online  What an improvement! Kim Zolciak shows son Kash's healing face just six weeks after he was mauled by a dog Brave four year old is smiling again She's just like you and me! Drew Barrymore puts on her makeup in the carriage window as she rides the New York City subway Down to earth star Naomi Campbell stuns in one-shoulder gown while Victoria Silvstedt turns heads in a bright orange number at Monte-Carlo Fashion Week Gala Mischa Barton looks fashion forward as she steps out in a pink silk dress at the Executor premiere... following her sex tape battle  Flashed her legs Today's headlines Most Read Another fanatic slips through the net: Killer jihadi, 27, 'radicalised by YouTube' was known to police and... 'I misjudged you': Piers Morgan apologises to 'admirable' Ariana Grande and praises her 'cracking voice'...... I saw three jihadis shot dead - bang, bang, bang: Dramatic pictures taken by eyewitness who was just yards... 'Olivia wouldn't want you to cry. She'd have wanted to hear the hits': Tearful Ariana Grande reveals... US Ambassador breaks ranks with Trump to PRAISE Mayor Sadiq Khan after the president criticized the London... How dare the US say 'we are reeling': They know nothing of our resilience, writes DOMINIC LAWSON  'This bloodshed will end': Trump vows to do whatever is necessary to protect US from terrorists as First... Former New York Knicks head coach Derek Fisher is arrested for DUI in LA after crashing and flipping his car... Fed up with having horrible arguments at home? Relationship coach reveals the one word that will defuse... 'What I did was absolutely immoral, but not illegal': Designer who first put Ivanka Trump on the catwalk... An $8 bottle of wine from grocery chain ALDI is voted among best in the world Cleaning up his act? Freshly shaven Tiger Woods is pictured for the first time since he was arrested for DUI... Smash hit Wonder Woman makes $101.4MILLION over the weekend as it becomes highest-grossing film by a female... 'His toenails were so long they clicked on the floor like a dog': People reveal why they REALLY dumped their... Arsenal jihadi 'euphoric' hours before murdering seven as he asked a neighbour about hiring a van: Father of... PIERS MORGAN: Mrs May talks tough now but what did she do when she was in charge of the Home Office? She cut... The detective's notes that suggest suspect was known to terror police: Hand written comments show person... 'Islamophobia hasn't killed anyone': Tony Abbott slams officials for soft response to terror as he calls for... 'He looked like a f*****g Muslim terrorist': Straight-talking Australian describes how he was stabbed in the... Trump faces furious backlash over his tweet condemning London Mayor just hours after London terror attack ISIS celebrates deaths of seven killed in London Bridge attack with sick posts vowing more terror  'I saw a man carrying knives and I just started running. He was less than 10ft behind me': Trainee nurse,... 'Don't confuse grief with lack of courage': Britain hits back against New York Times claims nation is 'still... 'This is for my family, this is for Islam': Mother reveals what deluded Jihadi knifeman yelled as he plunged... Where.Am.I? Bungling Black Eyed Pea Will.i.am slammed after forgetting what city he's in at Manchester... Bystander caught in police crossfire was shot in the head as officers fired 'unprecedented 50 rounds of... Hero journalist who tweeted 'it isn't happening on my watch' before using his martial arts skills to tackle... Police officer steals the hearts of millions as he dances hand-in-hand with young girls in the crowd during... 'Every day 90 people are dying from gun violence': Gabby Giffords slams Trump for using London terror attack... MORE HEADLINES Arsenal jihadi 'euphoric' hours before murdering seven as he asked a neighbour about hiring a van: Father of two, who had worked for London Transport and hid his hated of Western values behind 'nice guy' mask, tried to 'radicalise children' 'Olivia wouldn't want you to cry. She'd have wanted to hear the hits': Tearful Ariana Grande reveals inspirational message mother of bombing victim said to her during Manchester concert Hero neighbor shoots knife-wielding father dead as he tries to drown his three-month-old twin babies in the bathtub  'Piece of s***': President Trump comes under fire over tweets about reinforcing the travel just hours after London terror attack Trump condemns London Mayor after terror attack: President blasts Sadiq Khan for saying there's 'no reason to be alarmed' after seven died and ridicules 'politically correct' response Family pay tribute to Canadian woman killed in terror attack who volunteered at homeless shelters and moved to Europe to live with her fiance  Pippa Middleton and James Matthews return to civilisation after three days spotting crocodiles and kangaroos at a 'luxury wild bush' resort as they continue their whirlwind Australian honeymoon KATIE HOPKINS: You’re right, Theresa. We cannot go on like this. But do you have the balls to do what’s REALLY needed and lock up the 3,000 terror suspects tomorrow? Armed police arrest 12 - including four women - at East London tower block in connection with terror attack as officers swoop on a flat above a Paddy Power shop less than a mile away  Dressed to the nines! The First couples Ivanka and Jared and Donald and Melania turn heads in their black-tie attire as they head to the Ford's Theatre Gala hand-in-hand with Jared The Google employee and his wife who lived in a $2,000 RV in the company's parking lot for TWO YEARS to save money so they could afford to buy a real home Another fanatic slips through the net: Killer jihadi, 27, 'radicalised by YouTube' was known to police and filmed arguing with officers after unfurling an ISIS flag in a park in a Channel 4 documentary Jeremy Corbyn accuses Theresa May of ignoring terror warnings when she cut 20,000 police officers and claims she is suppressing a report about Saudi funding of extremists 'F*** them all': Alec Baldwin defends Kathy Griffin in a series of tweets and insists 'no one believes you intended to threaten Trump' Trump faces furious backlash over his tweet condemning London Mayor just hours after London terror attack Harrowing dashcam footage reveals trail of devastation on London Bridge with victims laid strewn across the road as people ran for their lives  More than 100 Muslims gather outside Trump Tower to pray in protest against the president's immigration policies I saw three jihadis shot dead - bang, bang, bang: Dramatic pictures taken by eyewitness who was just yards away show moment eight police cut down terrorists in a hail of 50 bullets  'Stay with me, please, I love you': Bystanders rush to save the lives of injured pedestrians on London Bridge as one woman is heard begging her loved one to 'hold on' while paramedics give CPR  'Nothing stops a Canadian from mowing his lawn': Man does a spot of gardening while a TORNADO rages just yards away Former Michigan ME is NOT convinced Chris Cornell committed suicide and says the rocker's death 'could have been an accident' Cleaning up his act? Freshly shaven Tiger Woods is pictured for the first time since he was arrested for DUI while 'on four prescription pills' 'He's a soldier': Father-of-three stabbed FOUR times by Jihadis is pictured bloodied but unbowed in a hospital bed after doctors saved his life - as an angry friend calls on Sadiq Khan to resign over the London Bridge attack  Smash hit Wonder Woman makes $101.4MILLION over the weekend as it becomes highest-grossing film by a female director EVER ISIS celebrates deaths of seven killed in London Bridge attack with sick posts vowing more terror  Body of Manchester terror victim Eilidh MacLeod, 14, is repatriated to the Outer Hebrides ahead of the first funeral since the attack Chilling footage shows blood-soaked victims of London Bridge attack desperately hiding from terrorists in a Borough Market pub  PIERS MORGAN: Mrs May talks tough now but what did she do when she was in charge of the Home Office? She cut police numbers by 20,000. And now we’re paying the price in blood. MOST READ IN DETAIL From the Makers of Candy Crush Farm Heroes Saga, the #4 Game on iTunes. Play it now! more Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Contributors Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
Xconomy Xperience EXOME National Regions Channels Events Top Entrepreneurs’ Advice → EXOME all the information, none of the junk | biotech • healthcare • life sciences Want EXOME sent to you daily? Meet the Contributors → Mersana Plans IPO to Finance Clinical Trials for Breast Cancer Drug Frank Vinluan June 2nd, 2017 @frankvinluan @xconomy Like Us Xconomy Boston —  Mersana Therapeutics has filed for an initial public stock offering that would help fund clinical trials for the company’s experimental treatment for breast cancer. The paperwork filed with securities regulators lists a $75 million stock offering, but that figure will likely change as Cambridge, MA-based Mersana determines how many shares it will offer and at what price. The company has applied for a stock listing on the Nasdaq exchange under the stock symbol “MRSN.” Mersana is developing antibody drug conjugates (ADCs), a type of cancer drug that links antibodies to cancer-fighting toxins. This approach uses antibodies to deliver a targeted strike to tumors that’s meant to spare healthy tissue from the treatment’s toxic effects. Mersana develops its ADCs using a technology that employs a biodegradable polymer that stays stable in the bloodstream and releases its drug payload once inside cancer cells. That technology was originally developed at Massachusetts General Hospital. The company uses the technology to link proprietary cancer-fighting agents made from dolastatins, a family of compounds found in a sea slug. Mersana calls this ADC platform Dolaflexin. Mersana’s lead drug candidate, XMT-1522, targets cancers whose cells overexpress HER2, a protein that promotes tumor growth. The company is currently testing a range of doses in a Phase 1 clinical trial enrolling mostly breast cancer patients. Safety results from the trial are expected by the end of the year. The company says in the securities filing that it plans to expand testing of the therapy into more cancers that are not addressed by the currently available HER2 therapies, including other breast cancers, non-small cell lung cancer, and gastric cancer. The Mersana technology has drawn interest from large pharmaceutical companies. In 2014, Mersana began a research partnership with Japan-based Takeda Pharmaceuticals to develop ADCs targeting up to seven antigen targets selected by Takeda. So far, Mersana has received $24.8 million in payments from that deal. If the collaboration successfully produces seven commercialized drugs, the company stands to gain milestone payments topping $1 billion. The relationship between Takeda and Mersana deepened last year when the two entered a partnership on XMT-1522. Takeda paid Mersana $26.5 million up front, with the potential for $288 million more in milestone payments, in exchange for the rights to develop and commercialize XMT-1522 outside of the U.S. and Canada. If Takeda can bring the cancer drug to the market, it would owe Mersana royalties on sales. The connections between Takeda and Mersana also include an ownership stake. The Japanese pharma joined the syndicate of investors financing Mersana’s $33 million Series C round of investment a year ago. According to the IPO filing, Takeda invested approximately $10 million. Mersana has another link to Takeda. The biotech is led by president and CEO Anna Protopapas, a Takeda veteran whose experience includes serving as president of Millennium Pharmaceuticals, the oncology division of the Japanese pharma. The field of ADC developers is crowding. Large pharmaceutical companies such as Bristol-Myers Squibb (NYSE: BMY), AstraZeneca (NYSE: AZN), and Pfizer (NYSE: PFE) are developing approaches that use different classes of anti-cancer payloads, new approaches to linking those payloads to antibodies, and new ways of targeting cancer cells, Mersana says in its filing. Bothell, WA-based Seattle Genetics (NASDAQ: SGEN) focuses exclusively on ADCs. That company has brought one ADC to market, a treatment for the most common form of Hodgkin lymphoma. SeaGen’s drug pipeline includes several other compounds in clinical trials for other cancers. Mersana says that the IPO proceeds would finance the Phase 1 clinical trial for XMT-1522, as well as the pre-clinical and clinical development of a second ADC being developed as a potential treatment for ovarian cancer and non-small cell lung cancer. The drug, XMT-1536, targets NaPi2b, an antigen expressed in those cancers. The company expects to start clinical trials for that compound in early 2018. All of Mersana’s revenue comes from its strategic partnerships. Besides its deals with Takeda, the company has a separate research partnership with Germany-based The Merck Group , dating to 2014. That deal calls for Mersana to develop ADC candidates for antigens chosen by Merck. According to the filing, Merck paid Mersana $12 million up front and has since paid an additional $2 million in milestones so far. Mersana stands to gain as much as $778 million in additional milestone payments, if the partnership yields successful drugs. In 2016, Mersana reported $25.1 million in collaboration revenue. Last year, the company spent $32 million on research and development, a 50 percent increase compared to 2015. The company says in its filing that it expects those expenses to rise as it continues clinical development of its drug candidates. Through the end of the first quarter, Mersana reported having $88.5 million in cash. Image of metastatic breast cancer in pleural fluid by Flickr user Ed Uthman via a Creative Commons license. Frank Vinluan is editor of Xconomy Raleigh-Durham, based in Research Triangle Park. You can reach him at fvinluan [at] xconomy.com Follow @frankvinluan Share on Facebook Share on Twitter LinkedIn Email Reprints More from EXOME Scholar Rock Rolls Up $36M To Move Muscle Drug To Clinical Trials Tocagen Plans IPO to Finance Trials of Gene Therapy in Brain Cancer Takeda to Buy Ariad in $5.2B Move to Build Up Cancer Drug Portfolio Trending on Xconomy On ASCO’s Eve, Experts Fret Over Backlash to Cancer Combo Frenzy As Big Cancer Trials Ramp Up, Grail Goes Global, Merges With Cirina Cord Cutting: How to Get High-Speed Internet Service Without Cable X Xconomy IMPACT So many companies want to "change the world," but how do you build something that makes a real difference? Find out what Boston companies are making an impact on society on June 22! June 22, 2017 Register Now! Underwriters and Partners From Our Advertisers National search for the best medical device start-up Applications NOW open for TMCx Medical Device Accelerator. TMC Innovation The Feed Tweets from https://twitter.com/Xconomy/lists/lifesci Home Privacy/DMCA Security Disclosures About Contact Us Archives Advertise Subscribe for Free Business, life sciences, and technology news — covering Boston, Seattle, San Diego, Detroit/Ann Arbor, San Francisco, New York, Raleigh-Durham, Boulder/Denver, Texas, Wisconsin, Indiana, and beyond. © 2007-2017, Xconomy, Inc. Xconomy is a registered service mark of Xconomy, Inc. All rights reserved. Website development support from Andrew Koyfman with design support from Rob Hunter.
Bloomberg the Company & Its ProductsBloomberg Anywhere Remote LoginBloomberg Anywhere LoginBloomberg Terminal Demo Request Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. For Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Manage Contracts and Orders Support Americas+1 212 318 2000 EMEA+44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific+65 6212 1000 Company Careers Diversity and Inclusion Sustainability Tech Facts and Spaces Philanthropy and Engagement Bloomberg London Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Products Bloomberg Terminal Execution and Order Management Data and Content Financial Data Management Integration and Distribution Bloomberg Tradebook Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Media Bloomberg Markets Bloomberg Technology Bloomberg Pursuits Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg Opinion Bloomberg Businessweek Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile News Bureaus Media Services Bloomberg Live Conferences Bloomberg Media Distribution Advertising Company Careers Diversity and Inclusion Sustainability Tech Facts and Spaces Philanthropy and Engagement Bloomberg London Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Products Bloomberg Terminal Execution and Order Management Data and Content Financial Data Management Integration and Distribution Bloomberg Tradebook Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Media Bloomberg Markets Bloomberg Technology Bloomberg Pursuits Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg Opinion Bloomberg Businessweek Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile News Bureaus Media Services Bloomberg Live Conferences Bloomberg Media Distribution Advertising Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. For Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Manage Contracts and Orders Support Americas+1 212 318 2000 EMEA+44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific+65 6212 1000 MENU Homepage Markets Stocks Currencies Commodities Rates + Bonds Economics Magazine Benchmark Watchlist Economic Calendar Tech U.S. Global Startups Bloomberg Technology TV Gadgets With Gurman Digital Defense Studio 1.0 Focus On: Infrastructure Pursuits Cars & Bikes Style & Grooming Spend Watches & Gadgets Food & Drinks Travel Real Estate Art & Design Brilliant Ideas Politics Global Risk Briefing How We’ll Know if Trump Is Making America Great Again Tracking Trump’s Web of Conflicts GOP’s Health Plan: Tracking Key Changes One Amendment at a Time Kim Jong Un’s Big Nuclear Push Is Closing In on America Opinion View Gadfly Businessweek Subscribe Cover Stories Opening Remarks Etc Features 85th Anniversary Issue Behind The Cover More Climate Changed Video Series: Ventures Graphics Billionaires Game Plan Small Business Personal Finance Inspire GO The David Rubenstein Show Sponsored Content Bloomberg About The Company Sign In Sign In Subscribe Cancer Drug Targeting Rare Mutation Works Across Tumor Types by Michelle Cortez @FayCortez More stories by Michelle Cortez June 3, 2017, 7:30 AM EDT Loxo Oncology medication could be used for variety of cancers More than three out of four patients respond to larotrectinib Finding single therapies that can treat tumors based on their genetics rather than their location in the body has been a longstanding goal of medical research. A new drug may bring that a step closer to reality for a small group of patients. An experimental cancer medication made by Loxo Oncology Inc. helped shrink a variety of tumors caused by a rare genetic anomaly in more than three out of every four patients who received it in a small clinical trial. The study of 55 patients found that after treatment with Loxo’s larotrectinib, 12 percent of people whose tumors who could be assessed had no sign of cancer, while 64 percent showed partial shrinkage of their tumors. The disease was stable in 12 percent of patients and got worse in 12 percent. Rare Mutation Loxo’s drug targets a mutation where two genes join together in what’s known as TRK fusion, leading to the production of proteins that cause cancer growth. It’s rare -- about 1 percent of cancers have the anomaly, and it’s seen in 1,500 to 5,000 patients annually in the U.S., according to Loxo Chief Executive Officer Josh Bilenker. “In many ways, this represents the original promise of precision medicine, where your tumor’s genetics determines whether you respond to therapy,” said lead researcher David Hyman, chief of early drug development at Memorial Sloan Kettering Cancer Center in New York. “I hope this raises the ambition of the field to go after targets without concern for their frequency,” Hyman said. “There is no cancer that is too rare to go after as long as the drug works.” The study simultaneously measured the drug’s effectiveness in both children and adults, a first in the development of a cancer drug, and encompassed 17 different types of cancer, Hyman said. The results were presented at the American Society of Clinical Oncology’s annual meeting in Chicago on Saturday. Loxo, based in Stamford, Connecticut, funded the study. The patients had advanced, aggressive cancers that responded almost immediately to the treatment, Hyman said. Many were feeling better within days of receiving the drug and showed a response by the time they underwent their first imaging scan, after less than two months. “It was not subtle, what was happening in the study,” Hyman said, mentioning one patient who had a mass in his jaw quickly shrink, his pain ebb and spasms calm. “That hasn’t been the exception; it’s been the rule” for most patients, he said. “This is likely to represent the new standard of care” in patients with the abnormality. Seeking Approval Loxo plans to file for U.S. Food and Drug Administration approval of larotrectinib, which was given breakthrough designation a year ago for patients with no other treatment alternatives. An independent laboratory will review the study results before the company submits the drug for U.S. approval, the company said in a statement. That is expected by the end of the year. If approved, larotrectinib would be the second drug, after Merck & Co.’s Keytruda, cleared for treating cancer based on a tumor’s genetic makeup. Keytruda, widely used to get the immune system involved in killing melanoma and other cancers, won accelerated FDA approval in May for advanced cancer based on a biological characteristic rather than where in the body the tumor originated. The drug, which entered human testing in 2014, is Loxo’s most advanced product and would be its first on the market if approved. The company developed the medicine alone and is starting to hire the employees needed to launch it, said Bilenker. Loxo, which has a market value of about $1.28 billion, has seen its shares rise about 53 percent this year to date. Loxo is working on other compounds, including a follow-on drug for patients who develop resistance to larotrectinib, Bilenker said. The company could look to partner or sell itself to get the treatment to more patients, but it isn’t doing that now, he said. The shift toward genetic-based cancer drugs means more screening is needed to identify patients who may benefit, Bilenker said. Currently only about 10 percent of cancer patients have access to comprehensive genomic profiling, he said. Before it's here, it's on the Bloomberg Terminal. LEARN MORE Most Read London Terror Attack Before Vote Leaves 7 Dead, Many Hurt As China Eyes Trade Growth, Europe Moves to Calm Wary Industries May Ramps Up Anti-Terror Rhetoric After Attack Kills Seven Toyota Says It Sold Entire Stake in Tesla in 2016 London Cops Adjust to New Terror Reality With Guns, Helicopters Terms of Service Trademarks Privacy Policy ©2017 Bloomberg L.P. All Rights Reserved Careers Made in NYC Advertise Ad Choices Website Feedback Help
About Us Contact Us Help user name password Client login:    First time user sign up Forgot your login info? Website Directory     Submit Website Search All categoriesAdvertising  GeneralAerospace  GeneralAgriculture  GeneralAirlines  GeneralAmerica - Post 9/11  GeneralApparel  GeneralApple Products  GeneralArchitectural  GeneralArchitecture  ArchitectureArt & Entertainments  Books  Celebrities  Country Music  Dance  Magazines  Movies  Museums  Music  Music Downloads  News & Talk Shows  Performing Arts  Photography  Television  Web SitesArts/Culture  GeneralAuction  GeneralAutomotive  Aftermarket  Classic Autos  Consumer Publications  General  Motorcycle & Bike  Racing  Recreational Vehicle  Repair & Service  Trade PublicationsBlogging & Social Media  Blogging & Social MediaBusiness  Advertising / Marketing  Books  Consumer Research  Direct Marketing  e-Commerce  Entrepreneurs  Finance  Franchise  Human Resources  Insurance  Investment  Management  Markets  Network Marketing  Online Marketing / SEO  Payday Loans  Public Relations  Publications  Real Estate  Retail  Stocks  Supermarkets  Women in BusinessCareers/HR  GeneralChemical  GeneralCoaching / Mentoring  Coaching / MentoringComputers  Apple Products  Databases  Games & Entertainment  General  Hosting  Instruction  Linux / GNU "Open Source"  Macintosh  Microsoft Windows PC  Operating Systems  Programming  Security  Software  Tablet PCs  UtilitiesConstruction  GeneralConsumer  Gifts and Collectibles  Hobbies  Web sites / InternetDesign  Graphic Design  Industrial  WebE-Cigarette  GeneraleCommerce  GeneralEconomy  GeneralEducation  College / University  General  Home Schooling  K-12  Post Graduate  TechnicalElectronics  GeneralEmail Marketing  GeneralEmailWire Press Releases  Press Release TipsEmployment/Careers  GeneralEngineering  GeneralEntertainment  GeneralEnvironment  GeneralEvents / Trade Shows  GeneralFinance  GeneralFood  GeneralFranchise  GeneralFraud / Identity Theft  GeneralGaming  GeneralGovernment  General  Judicial  Law Enforcement  Legislative  Local  National  Public Services  Security  State  TransportationHealthcare  GeneralHome and Family  Banking / Personal Finance  Bereavement / Loss  Home Furnishings / Interiors  Landscaping & Gardening  Marriage / Relationships  Money  Parenting  Payday Loans  Pets  Taxes  Wedding / BridalHome Schooling  GeneralHotels/Resorts  GeneralHousehold  GeneralIndustry  Aerospace / Defense  Agriculture  Apparel / Textiles  Broadcast  Construction / Building  Electrical  Food  Funeral  Healthcare  Leisure / Hospitality  Logistics / Shipping  Manufacturing / Production  Mining / Metals  Oil / Energy  Paper / Forest Products  Plumbing, Heating & AC  Print Media  Printing  Publishing  Radio  Restaurants  Tobacco  ToyInsurance  GeneralInternet/Online  GeneralLegal  GeneralLeisure  GeneralLifestyle  Beauty  Dating / Singles  Diet / Weight Loss  Fashion  Food / Beverage  Health & Fitness  Hotel / Resorts  Pastimes  Restaurants  Retirement  Travel & TourismMachinery  GeneralMaritime  GeneralMedical  Addiction  Allergies  Alternative Medicine  Asthma  Cancer  Cardiology  Chiropractic  Dental  Dermatology  Diabetes  Emergency  Family Medicine  General  General  Geriatrics  Hospitals  Infectious Diseases  Internal Medicine  Managed Care / HMO  Medical Products  Mental Health  Neurology  Nursing  Nutrition  OB / GYN  Pediatrics  Pharmaceuticals  Physical Therapy  Plastic Surgery  Psychology  Radiology / Imaging  Research  Sports Medicine  Surgery  VisionMilitary  GeneralMining/Metals  GeneralMiscellaneous  GeneralNanotechnology  NanotechnologyNon-profit  GeneralOccupational Safety  Occupational SafetyOil/Energy  GeneralOpinion / Editorial  Opinion / EditorialPaper Products  GeneralPaper/Forest  GeneralPharmaceuticals  GeneralPodcasting  Announce  Tools and ServicesPolitics  PoliticsPrint Media  GeneralPublic Utilities  Public UtilitiesPublishing  GeneralRadio  GeneralReal Estate  GeneralReligion  Christian  General  Islam  Jewish  OtherRestaurants  GeneralRetail  GeneralRSS & Content Syndication  RSS & Content SyndicationScience and Research  Science and ResearchSelf-Help / Personal Growth  Self-Help / Personal GrowthShipbuilding  GeneralSociety  African American Interests  Asian Interests  Childrens Issues  Disabled Issues / Disabilities  Gay / Lesbian  Hispanic  Mens Interests  Native American  Senior Citizens  Social Services  Teen Issues/Interests  Womens InterestSoftware  GeneralSports  Baseball  Basketball  Bicycling  Boating / Maritime  Bowling  Boxing  Fishing  Football  Golf  Hockey  Hunting  Martial Arts  Outdoors  Rugby  Soccer  Tennis  Water  Winter/SnowSports/Fitness  GeneralStocks  GeneralSupermarkets  GeneralTechnology  Biotechnology  Computer  Electronics  Enterprise Software  Games  Graphics/Printing/CAD  Hardware / Peripherals  Industrial  Information  Internet  Multimedia  Networking  Public Sector/Government  Robotics  Semiconductor  Software  Telecommunications  WebmastersTelecom  General  WirelessTelevision  GeneralTobacco  GeneralTrade  GeneralTransportation  GeneralTravel  GeneralUtilities  GeneralVolunteer  VolunteerWeather  Weather Home > News By Company > ReportsWeb.com Tweet   Human Microbiome Market by Disease & Data Validation, Analysis and Forecast 2022 ReportsWeb.com published Human Microbiome Market from its database. The report covers the market landscape and its growth prospects over the coming years. The report also includes a discussion of the key vendors operating in this market.   (EMAILWIRE.COM, June 03, 2017 ) According to Publisher, the Global Human Microbiome Market is accounted for $130.23 million in 2015 and is expected to reach $521.23 million by 2022 growing at a CAGR of 21.9% during the forecast period. Increasing incidence of lifestyle diseases, growing geriatric population, and technological developments are some of the factors fueling the market growth. By product, Probiotics segment dominated the global market with largest share during the forecast period. North America and Europe commanded the market owing to the improved biotechnological and microbiological research infrastructure. However, Asia-Pacific is anticipated to grow at the highest CAGR owing to recuperating research infrastructure in the region. For more information http://www.reportsweb.com/human-microbiome-global-market-outlook-2016-2022 Some of the key players in Human Microbiome market include Ritter Pharmaceuticals, Inc., E. I. du Pont de Nemours and Company, ViThera Pharmaceuticals, Metabiomics Corp., ActoGeniX, Optibiotix Health Plc, Vedanta Biosciences, Inc., MicroBiome Therapeutics, LLC, Second Genome, Inc., ENTEROME Bioscience, Yakult Honsha Co., Ltd., Osel, Inc., AvidBiotics, Rebiotix Inc., Merck & Co., Inc. and Seres Therapeutics. Applications Covered: - Diagnostics - Therapeutics Diseases Covered: - Cancer - Acute Diarrhea - Diabetes - Mental Disorders - Autoimmune Disorders - Obesity - Other Diseases Products Covered: - Foods - Drugs - Probiotics - Diagnostic Devices - Prebiotics - Medical Foods o Nutritionally Incomplete Formulae o Formulae for Metabolic Disorders o Nutritionally Complete Formulae o Oral Rehydration Products - Other Probiotics Supplements Request Sample Copy http://www.reportsweb.com/inquiry&RW0001564976/sample Regions Covered: - North America o US o Canada o Mexico - Europe o Germany o France o Italy o UK o Spain o Rest of Europe - Asia Pacific o Japan o China o India o Australia o New Zealand o Rest of Asia Pacific - Rest of the World o Middle East o Brazil o Argentina o South Africa o Egypt 10 Company Profiling 10.1 Ritter Pharmaceuticals, Inc. 10.2 E. I. du Pont de Nemours and Company 10.3 ViThera Pharmaceuticals 10.4 Metabiomics Corp. 10.5 ActoGeniX 10.6 Optibiotix Health Plc 10.7 Vedanta Biosciences, Inc. 10.8 MicroBiome Therapeutics, LLC 10.9 Second Genome, Inc. 10.10 ENTEROME Bioscience 10.11 Yakult Honsha Co., Ltd. 10.12 Osel, Inc. 10.13 AvidBiotics 10.14 Rebiotix Inc., 10.15 Merck & Co., Inc. 10.16 Seres Therapeutics Make an enquiry: http://www.reportsweb.com/inquiry&RW0001564976/buying Contact Information: ReportsWeb.com Priya Sisodia Tel: +1-646-491-9876 Email us This is a press release. Press release distribution and press release services by EmailWire.Com: http://www.emailwire.com/us-press-release-distribution.php. 
   Search All categoriesAdvertising  GeneralAerospace  GeneralAgriculture  GeneralAirlines  GeneralAmerica - Post 9/11  GeneralApparel  GeneralApple Products  GeneralArchitectural  GeneralArchitecture  ArchitectureArt & Entertainments  Books  Celebrities  Country Music  Dance  Magazines  Movies  Museums  Music  Music Downloads  News & Talk Shows  Performing Arts  Photography  Television  Web SitesArts/Culture  GeneralAuction  GeneralAutomotive  Aftermarket  Classic Autos  Consumer Publications  General  Motorcycle & Bike  Racing  Recreational Vehicle  Repair & Service  Trade PublicationsBlogging & Social Media  Blogging & Social MediaBusiness  Advertising / Marketing  Books  Consumer Research  Direct Marketing  e-Commerce  Entrepreneurs  Finance  Franchise  Human Resources  Insurance  Investment  Management  Markets  Network Marketing  Online Marketing / SEO  Payday Loans  Public Relations  Publications  Real Estate  Retail  Stocks  Supermarkets  Women in BusinessCareers/HR  GeneralChemical  GeneralCoaching / Mentoring  Coaching / MentoringComputers  Apple Products  Databases  Games & Entertainment  General  Hosting  Instruction  Linux / GNU "Open Source"  Macintosh  Microsoft Windows PC  Operating Systems  Programming  Security  Software  Tablet PCs  UtilitiesConstruction  GeneralConsumer  Gifts and Collectibles  Hobbies  Web sites / InternetDesign  Graphic Design  Industrial  WebE-Cigarette  GeneraleCommerce  GeneralEconomy  GeneralEducation  College / University  General  Home Schooling  K-12  Post Graduate  TechnicalElectronics  GeneralEmail Marketing  GeneralEmailWire Press Releases  Press Release TipsEmployment/Careers  GeneralEngineering  GeneralEntertainment  GeneralEnvironment  GeneralEvents / Trade Shows  GeneralFinance  GeneralFood  GeneralFranchise  GeneralFraud / Identity Theft  GeneralGaming  GeneralGovernment  General  Judicial  Law Enforcement  Legislative  Local  National  Public Services  Security  State  TransportationHealthcare  GeneralHome and Family  Banking / Personal Finance  Bereavement / Loss  Home Furnishings / Interiors  Landscaping & Gardening  Marriage / Relationships  Money  Parenting  Payday Loans  Pets  Taxes  Wedding / BridalHome Schooling  GeneralHotels/Resorts  GeneralHousehold  GeneralIndustry  Aerospace / Defense  Agriculture  Apparel / Textiles  Broadcast  Construction / Building  Electrical  Food  Funeral  Healthcare  Leisure / Hospitality  Logistics / Shipping  Manufacturing / Production  Mining / Metals  Oil / Energy  Paper / Forest Products  Plumbing, Heating & AC  Print Media  Printing  Publishing  Radio  Restaurants  Tobacco  ToyInsurance  GeneralInternet/Online  GeneralLegal  GeneralLeisure  GeneralLifestyle  Beauty  Dating / Singles  Diet / Weight Loss  Fashion  Food / Beverage  Health & Fitness  Hotel / Resorts  Pastimes  Restaurants  Retirement  Travel & TourismMachinery  GeneralMaritime  GeneralMedical  Addiction  Allergies  Alternative Medicine  Asthma  Cancer  Cardiology  Chiropractic  Dental  Dermatology  Diabetes  Emergency  Family Medicine  General  General  Geriatrics  Hospitals  Infectious Diseases  Internal Medicine  Managed Care / HMO  Medical Products  Mental Health  Neurology  Nursing  Nutrition  OB / GYN  Pediatrics  Pharmaceuticals  Physical Therapy  Plastic Surgery  Psychology  Radiology / Imaging  Research  Sports Medicine  Surgery  VisionMilitary  GeneralMining/Metals  GeneralMiscellaneous  GeneralNanotechnology  NanotechnologyNon-profit  GeneralOccupational Safety  Occupational SafetyOil/Energy  GeneralOpinion / Editorial  Opinion / EditorialPaper Products  GeneralPaper/Forest  GeneralPharmaceuticals  GeneralPodcasting  Announce  Tools and ServicesPolitics  PoliticsPrint Media  GeneralPublic Utilities  Public UtilitiesPublishing  GeneralRadio  GeneralReal Estate  GeneralReligion  Christian  General  Islam  Jewish  OtherRestaurants  GeneralRetail  GeneralRSS & Content Syndication  RSS & Content SyndicationScience and Research  Science and ResearchSelf-Help / Personal Growth  Self-Help / Personal GrowthShipbuilding  GeneralSociety  African American Interests  Asian Interests  Childrens Issues  Disabled Issues / Disabilities  Gay / Lesbian  Hispanic  Mens Interests  Native American  Senior Citizens  Social Services  Teen Issues/Interests  Womens InterestSoftware  GeneralSports  Baseball  Basketball  Bicycling  Boating / Maritime  Bowling  Boxing  Fishing  Football  Golf  Hockey  Hunting  Martial Arts  Outdoors  Rugby  Soccer  Tennis  Water  Winter/SnowSports/Fitness  GeneralStocks  GeneralSupermarkets  GeneralTechnology  Biotechnology  Computer  Electronics  Enterprise Software  Games  Graphics/Printing/CAD  Hardware / Peripherals  Industrial  Information  Internet  Multimedia  Networking  Public Sector/Government  Robotics  Semiconductor  Software  Telecommunications  WebmastersTelecom  General  WirelessTelevision  GeneralTobacco  GeneralTrade  GeneralTransportation  GeneralTravel  GeneralUtilities  GeneralVolunteer  VolunteerWeather  Weather Advertising | How to contact us | Privacy Statement | EmailWire Press Releases | Partnership Opportunities EmailWire is a press release distribution service of GroupWeb Media LLC. © Copyright GroupWeb Media LLC 2017
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 3 June 2017 by Maciej Heyman Veterinary Healthcare Market | Global Industry Outlook Analysis Report 2015-2022 iCrowdNewswire – Jun 2, 2017 The new research report on Veterinary Healthcare Market offered by DecisionDatabases.com provides Global Industry Analysis, Size, Share, Growth, Trends and Forecast 2015–2022. The report on global veterinary healthcare market evaluates the growth trends of the industry through historical study and estimates future prospects based on comprehensive research. The report extensively provides the market share, growth, trends and forecasts for the period 2015–2022. The market size in terms of revenue (USD MN) is calculated for the study period along with the details of the factors affecting the market growth (drivers and restraints). The rising occurrences of zoonotic diseases and advancement in technology for the innovation in animal health drugs sector are the major factors pushing the market uphill. But shortage of arable land and water might restraint the growth in the coming years. Get FREE Sample Report Copy @ http://www.decisiondatabases.com/contact/download-sample-16702 Furthermore, the report quantifies the market share held by the major players of the industry and provides an in-depth view of the competitive landscape. This market is classified into different segments with detailed analysis of each with respect to geography for the study period 2015–2022. The comprehensive value chain analysis of the market will assist in attaining better product differentiation, along with detailed understanding of the core competency of each activity involved. The market attractiveness analysis provided in the report aptly measures the potential value of the market providing business strategists with the latest growth opportunities. The report also covers the complete competitive landscape of the worldwide market with company profiles of key players such as Abaxis, Inc., Bayer AG, Boehringer Ingelheim GmbH, Ceva Santé Animale, Eli Lilly and Company Limited, IDVet Genetics, Merck & Co., Merial Inc., Virbac Animal Health India Pvt. Ltd. and Zoetis Inc. Geographically, this market has been segmented into regions such as North America, Europe, Latin America, Asia Pacific and the Middle East & Africa. The study details country-level aspects based on each segment and gives estimates in terms of market size. Table Of Contents- Overview 1.Introduction 2.Executive Summary 3.Market Analysis 4.Veterinary Healthcare Market Analysis By Animal Type 5.Veterinary Healthcare Market Analysis By Application 6.Veterinary Healthcare Market Analysis By Geography 7.Competitive Landscape Of The Veterinary Healthcare Companies 8.Company Profiles Of The Veterinary Healthcare Industry Purchase Complete Global Veterinary Healthcare Market Research Report About Us: DecisionDatabases.com is a global business research reports provider, enriching decision makers and strategists with qualitative statistics. DecisionDatabases.com is proficient in providing syndicated research report, customized research reports, company profiles and industry databases across multiple domains. Our expert research analysts have been trained to map client’s research requirements to the correct research resource leading to a distinctive edge over its competitors. We provide intellectual, precise and meaningful data at a lightning speed. CategoriesUncategorized Tags(North America, English, Europe, Latin America, Research Newswire, United Kingdom, United States, Veterinary Healthcare, Veterinary Healthcare Industry, Veterinary Healthcare Market, Veterinary Healthcare Market Report Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Combining MRI and optical microscopy promising for brain research Next PostNext 4 Wheel Parts Celebrating Redondo Beach Store Grand Reopening Search Recent Posts Honda arrasa en la carrera inaugural en Detroit CAIR-Columbus to Seek Hate Crime Probe, Arrest of Suspect Following Beating of Ohio Muslim Woman Alleged attacker reportedly screamed you all will be shipped back to Africa prior to beating 12 Volt Technology Offers Branded Solar Panels in a Variety of Technical Specifications IBM Announces Partnership with Baheal Group to Bring Watson for Oncology to China NuVista Energy Ltd. Provides Update on Planned Maintenance Outages and Quarterly Production Ranges, Reaffirms Full Year 2017 Production and Funds from Operations Guidance Business Directory Business Contacts Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 3 June 2017 by Maciej Heyman Veterinary Vaccines Market Research Report: Market Trends and Key Developments Veterinary Vaccines Market Global Veterinary Vaccines Market: Overview Veterinary vaccines often prove themselves to be live-savers for animals against diseases that are generally fatal or leave them impaired or handicapped. Veterinary vaccines thus offer protection to animals similar to the way humans are vaccinated against potentially incurable diseases. The way veterinary vaccines work may be different than human vaccines however. It is often encouraged for pet owners to vaccinate their pets regularly as it is much cheaper than opting for the treatment of a sick animal. It also helps reduce the transmission of germs and bacteria within animals and thus ensures a healthier environment for all animals and pets in an area. In the case of livestock, vaccination promotes a healthier output and prevents the transmission of harmful microorganisms to humans upon consumption of meat of animal products. The common diseases for which pets and livestock are vaccinated include brucellosis, pinkeye, E. coli, and rotavirus. The report on the global veterinary vaccines market offers a descriptive analysis of the factors that have been – and will be – responsible for the progress rate of the market. These factors are dissected based on the various segments available in the market for study and player diversity. The report uses all current and recent data to effectively pinpoint the situation the global veterinary vaccines market is in currently and what it will look like in the near future. The analysis of the global veterinary vaccines market is performed using tried and tested industry standards such as Porter’s Five Forces analysis and the SWOT analysis. The report also provides a highly in-depth view of the competitive landscape of the global veterinary vaccines market and its predicted future tense. Global Veterinary Vaccines Market: Trends and Opportunities: The primary driver boosting the global veterinary vaccines market is the growing consumption of animal products across the world. With a large human population associated with the demand for dairy, meat, fish, and eggs, it is necessary for the animal husbandry industry to spruce up its vaccination policies and rates. In the case of pets, the amount of pet owners in the world has also gone up considerably over the past few years. Market research points to an even higher number of pet owners by 2024. At the same time, the expenditure made by each pet owner for the health and happiness of their pets has risen significantly, further pointing to a progressively inclined rate of veterinary vaccination. The problem of high restrictions still persists in the global veterinary vaccines market as players are often barred from commercial entry due to the high market standards, regulatory restriction, and the high cost of research and development efforts. Many governments have stepped in, providing incentives and awareness initiatives for the sake of getting a larger population of the domesticated animal kingdom to be protected from harm. This exhaustive report includes 24 data tables and 50 figures to give readers a 360° view of the Veterinary Vaccines Market. Browse through this 185-page report to know what factors will shape the market during the period 2016-2024 www.transparencymarketresearch.com/veterinary-vaccines-ma… Global Veterinary Vaccines Market: Region-wise Outlook: The global veterinary vaccines market is expected to reach US$11.4 bn by 2024, after being projected at a CAGR of 6.9% from 2016 to 2024. Regionally speaking, a large chunk of this current growth rate is attributed to the high demand shown by North America and its growing populations of pet owners and livestock. The emerging economies from Asia Pacific, Latin America and the Middle East are simultaneously showing a very high growth rate in their consumption of veterinary vaccines owing to greater awareness and an increasing demand for animal products. Companies Mentioned in the Research Report: The key players in the global veterinary vaccines market include Bayer AG, Boehringer Ingelheim GmbH, Bimeda, Inc., Virbac, Eli Lilly and Company (Elanco Animal Health), Ceva Santé Animale, Sanofi S.A. (Merial Animal Health), Merck Animal Health, and Zoetis, Inc. Key segments of the Global Veterinary Vaccines Market: Global Veterinary Vaccines Market, by Animal Type Animal Type Companion Animals Equine Canine Feline Livestock Animals Bovine Ovine Porcine Poultry Others Global Veterinary Vaccines Market, by Technology Type Inactivated Vaccines Live Attenuated Vaccines Conjugate Vaccines Toxoid Vaccines Other Vaccines Major regions analyzed under this research report are: Europe North America Asia Pacific Rest of the World Get accurate market forecast and analysis on the Veterinary Vaccines Market. Request a sample to stay abreast on the key trends impacting this market. www.transparencymarketresearch.com/sample/sample.php?flag… About Us Transparency Market Research (TMR) is a market intelligence company, providing global business information reports and services. Our exclusive blend of quantitative forecasting and trends analysis provides forward-looking insight for thousands of decision makers. TMR’s experienced team of analysts, researchers, and consultants, use proprietary data sources and various tools and techniques to gather, and analyze information. Our business offerings represent the latest and the most reliable information indispensable for businesses to sustain a competitive edge. Each TMR syndicated research report covers a different sector – such as pharmaceuticals, chemicals, energy, food & beverages, semiconductors, med-devices, consumer goods and technology. These reports provide in-depth analysis and deep segmentation to possible micro levels. With wider scope and stratified research methodology, TMR’s syndicated reports strive to provide clients to serve their overall research requirement. US Office Contact 90 State Street, Suite 700 Albany, NY 12207 Tel: +1-518-618-1030 USA – Canada Toll Free: 866-552-3453 Email: sales@transparencymarketresearch.com Website: www.transparencymarketresearch.com This release was published on openPR. CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Global Food Gelatin Market 2017 Share, Trend, Segmentation and Forecast To 2022 Next PostNext Amended Distribution Dates and Use of “Due-Bills” Announced for BlackRock Defined Opportunity Credit Trust’s Liquidating Distribution Declared on June 1, 2017 Search Recent Posts The Philip J. DiNenno Prize awarded for the development and commercialization of Very Early Smoke Detection Apparatus Riassunto: Westinghouse e Boilermakers si accordano su un nuovo contratto Portrait of Leonardo da Vinci discovered. Guess Who the Artist is? IBM Announces Partnership with Baheal Group to Bring Watson for Oncology to China Pacifists cheer Methodist minister ahead of trial for criminal damage Business Directory Business Contacts Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 2 June 2017 by Maciej Heyman Nanomedicine Market | Global Industry Outlook Research Report 2016-2023 By DecisionDatabases iCrowdNewswire – Jun 2, 2017 The new research report on Nanomedicine Market offered by DecisionDatabases.com provides Global Industry Analysis, Size, Share, Growth, Trends and Forecast Till 2023. The report on global nanomedicine market evaluates the growth trends of the industry through historical study and estimates future prospects based on comprehensive research. The report extensively provides the market share, growth, trends and forecasts for the period 2016-2023. The market size in terms of revenue (USD MN) is calculated for the study period along with the details of the factors affecting the market growth (drivers and restraints). The Adoption of latest technology in diagnostic procedures are the major factors pushing the market uphill. But After effects associated with the intake of nanoparticles might restraint the growth in the coming years. Get FREE Sample Report Copy With FULL Segmentations and TOC @ http://www.decisiondatabases.com/contact/download-sample-17040              The comprehensive value chain analysis of the market will assist in attaining better product differentiation, along with detailed understanding of the core competency of each activity involved. The market attractiveness analysis provided in the report aptly measures the potential value of the market providing business strategists with the latest growth opportunities. The report also covers the complete competitive landscape of the worldwide market with company profiles of key players such as Abbott Laboratories, ABLYNX, AMAG Pharmaceuticals, Arrowhead Pharmaceuticals, Inc., Bio-Gate AG, Brigham and Women’s Hospital (BWH), Celgene Corporation, Cytimmune Sciences, Inc., Epeius Biotechnologies Corporation, Gilead, Johnson & Johnson Services, Inc., Leadiant Biosciences, Inc., Merck & Co Ltd., Nanospectra Biosciences, Inc., Pfizer, Inc. and Teva Pharmaceutical Industries Ltd. Geographically, the Nanomedicine market has been segmented into regions such as North America, Europe, Asia Pacific, Latin America, Middle East & Africa. The study details country-level aspects based on each segment and gives estimates in terms of market size. The report classifies the market into different segments based on product, application and nanomolecule type. These segments are studied in detail incorporating the market estimates and forecasts at regional and country level. The segment analysis is useful in understanding the growth areas and probable opportunities of the market. Major Table Of Contents: Introduction Executive Summary Market Analysis Nanomedicine Market Analysis By Product Nanomedicine Market Analysis By Application Nanomedicine Market Analysis By Nanomolecule Type Nanomedicine Market Analysis By Geography Competitive Landscape Of The Nanomedicine Companies Company Profiles Of The Nanomedicine Industry Purchase Complete Global Nanomedicine Market Research Report At: http://www.decisiondatabases.com/contact/buy-now-17040            About Us: DecisionDatabases.com is a global business research reports provider, enriching decision makers and strategists with qualitative statistics. DecisionDatabases.com is proficient in providing syndicated research report, customized research reports, company profiles and industry databases across multiple domains. Our expert research analysts have been trained to map client’s research requirements to the correct research resource leading to a distinctive edge over its competitors. We provide intellectual, precise and meaningful data at a lightning speed. CategoriesUncategorized TagsAsia, English, Europe, Latin America, Nanomedicine market, Nanomedicine Market Report, Research Newswire, United Kingdom, United States Post navigation Previous PostPrevious National Geographic’s Chasing Genius Announces First Series Of Challenges Enabling Anyone To Unleash Their Inner Genius And Win $25,000 To Turn Their Ideas Into A Catalyst For Change In The World Next PostNext IMPORTANT SHAREHOLDER ALERT: Khang & Khang LLP Announces Securities Class Action Lawsuit against Avinger, Inc. and Encourages Investors with Losses to Contact the Firm Search Recent Posts FUFA Women Elite League: Kawempe Muslim wins third straight title Sierra Club: Scott Pruitt Continues Record of Distortion in Flailing Efforts to Defend Historic Mistake Strikes Continue in Effort to Defeat ISIS in Syria, Iraq New Transplant Technology Could Benefit Patients with Type 1 Diabetes Tidball takes Junior CiCLE Classic title in last-gasp sprint Business Directory Business Contacts Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 2 June 2017 by Arun Patil Asia-Pacific Animal Pharmaceutical Market 2017 Industry Trends, Sales, Supply, Demand, Analysis & Forecast 2021 Animal Pharmaceutical Market provides the industry overview with growth analysis and historical & futuristic cost, revenue, demand and supply data. Asia-Pacific Animal Pharmaceutical market is valued at USD XX million in 2016 and is expected to reach USD XX million by the end of 2022, growing at a CAGR of XX% between 2016 and 2022.Next part of Asia-Pacific Animal Pharmaceutical Market analysis report speaks about the manufacturing process. The report sheds light on the production, production plants, their capacities, Asia-Pacific production and revenue are studied. Browse Detailed TOC, Tables, Figures, Charts and Companies Mentioned in Asia-Pacific Animal Pharmaceutical Market @ http://www.360marketupdates.com/10670565 Further in the report, Asia-Pacific Animal Pharmaceutical Market is examined for price, cost and gross revenue. These three points are analysed for types, companies and regions. The Animal Pharmaceutical Market Industry consumption for major regions is given.Animal Pharmaceutical Market by Product Type: Vaccine, Veterinary Drugs, Other  Animal Pharmaceutical Market by Application:  Companion Animal, Poultry, Other The research analysts provide an elaborate description of the value chain and its distributor analysis. This Animal Pharmaceutical Market industry report study provides analysis based on Geographical Regions, Manufacturers, Applications, Types, Drivers, Opportunities, and Challenges which enhances the understanding, scope and application of this report.The Animal Pharmaceutical Market analysis is provided for the international market including development history, competitive landscape analysis, and major regions development status. Top key players of Animal Pharmaceutical Market: Merck, Merial, Elanco, Bayer Animal Health,Other Get Sample PDF of report@ http://www.360marketupdates.com/enquiry/request-sample/10670565 To provide information on competitive landscape, this report includes detailed profiles of Animal Pharmaceutical Market key players. For each player, product details, capacity, price, cost, gross and revenue numbers are given. Animal Pharmaceutical Market by Region: China, Japan, South Korea, Taiwan, India, Southeast Asia, Australia. Animal Pharmaceutical Market Effect Factors Analysis: Technology Progress/Risk, Substitutes Threat, Technology Progress in Related Industry, Consumer Needs/Customer Preference Change, Asia-Pacific Animal Pharmaceutical Market Forecast 2017-2021, Asia-Pacific Animal Pharmaceutical Market Capacity, Production, Revenue Forecast 2017-2021, Asia-Pacific Animal Pharmaceutical Market Production, Consumption Forecast by Regions 2017-2021, Asia-Pacific Animal Pharmaceutical Market Production Forecast by Type 2017-2021, Asia-Pacific Animal Pharmaceutical Market Consumption Forecast by Application 2017-2021, Animal Pharmaceutical Market Price Forecast 2017-2021. Major Topics Covered in Asia-Pacific Animal Pharmaceutical Market Research Report Are as Follows: Marketing Channel, Direct Marketing, Indirect Marketing, Market Positioning, Pricing Strategy, Brand Strategy, Target Client, Distributors/Traders List For Any Query on Animal Pharmaceutical Market report, Speak to Expert@ http://www.360marketupdates.com/enquiry/pre-order-enquiry/10670565 The report then estimates 2017-2021 market development trends of Animal Pharmaceutical Market. Analysis of upstream raw materials, downstream demand, and current market dynamics is also carried out. In the end, the report makes some important proposals for a new project of Animal Pharmaceutical Market industry before evaluating its feasibility. Get More Market Research Related News, visit http://talkinvestor.com/   CategoriesGoogle News, satPRnews TagsAnimal Pharmaceutical Industry Share, Animal Pharmaceutical Market Growth, Animal Pharmaceutical Market Trends, Business, Uncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Africa Plantation Capital & BIDCO Host Africa Bamboo Planting Day Next PostNext North America Data Governance Market Research Report 2017 – Research and Markets Search Recent Posts Global Magnetic Linear Encoder Industry 2017 Market Research Report Global And China Calcitriol (CAS 32222-06-3) Industry 2017 Market Research Report Global Optical Linear Encoder Industry 2017 Market Research Report Australia’s Prescription Painkiller Epidemic Income Becomes the First Insurer in Singapore to use IBM Watson Explorer to improve the efficiency of pre- and post-IncomeShield claims Business Directory Business Contacts Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Proudly powered by WordPress
June 5, 2017 Facebook Twitter Pinterest YouTube RSS Follow Us Chestertown Spy An e-newspaper for Chestertown Maryland Home About The Chestertown Spy Contact Us Advertising & Underwriting Advertising Terms & Conditions Editors & Writers Board of Advisors Dedication & Acknowledgements Code of Ethics Terms of Use Technical FAQ Privacy Arts Food/Culture Ecosystem Education Health Local Life News P.O.V. Recovery Senior Nation You are here: Home / Archives / Washington College Names Kurt M. Landgraf as Next President Washington College Names Kurt M. Landgraf as Next President June 2, 2017 by Washington College News Service Leave a Comment CHESTERTOWN—The Washington College Board of Visitors and Governors today announced the appointment of Kurt M. Landgraf as the next President of the college. President-elect Landgraf, who was determined to be an exceptional and highly qualified candidate during the Board’s most recent national search in 2015, will begin his tenure July 1. Kurt M. Landgraf – New President of Washington College “Throughout his remarkable career, Kurt Landgraf has set himself apart from his peers as an exceptional leader and an exemplar of the values we seek to instill in our students, faculty, and community here at Washington College,” said Board Chair H. Lawrence Culp, Jr. “We believe his collaborative leadership style, his ability to craft ambitious and integrated strategies, and his operational experience will be an asset to Washington College. “We are thrilled that such an exceptional candidate was available to lead our College in support of the groundbreaking work of our students and faculty,” Culp continued. “I am deeply honored by the opportunity to join the Washington College community, and to continue the work of my predecessors in providing students with the best possible education,” said Landgraf. “To join the ranks of this storied and historic institution is a once-in-a-lifetime opportunity, and I’m certain that by working with the faculty, staff, student body, and board, as well as others in the community, we will be able to accomplish extraordinary things. And while new leadership always brings change, rest assured that President Sheila Bair’s exceptional work to address the national student debt crisis and to launch a comprehensive campaign will not only continue, but I hope will be energized and invigorated.” Landgraf is well known to both the Washington College Board of Visitors and Governors and the most recent presidential search committee. In 2015, that search committee— proportionally comprised of faculty, senior staff, and board members—began its national search for a new president, considering nearly 400 candidates and seriously vetting nearly 60 contenders. During that process, Landgraf proved himself to be an outstanding candidate. Landgraf comes to Washington College with a decades-long résumé as a senior executive with DuPont (including serving as Chief Operating Officer, Chief Financial Officer, Chairman of DuPont Europe Middle East and Africa, Chairman and CEO of DuPont Pharmaceutical Company and CEO of DuPont Merck Company), and a 13-year tenure as President and CEO of ETS, one of the world’s leading providers of measurement programs and evaluations for schools, including both the K-12 and higher education communities. Currently, Landgraf serves as a member of the boards of directors for Corning Incorporated and the Louisiana-Pacific Corporation. He has also served as President of the National Consortium for Graduate Degrees for Minorities in Engineering and Science, and was nominated, confirmed, and served as Vice Chairman of the Higher Education Commission for the State of New Jersey, the state’s governing body for higher education institutions. “Kurt Landgraf’s vision of cooperative co-governance will be a strong foundation from which to work together as a campus, and he has already shown a willingness to embrace the Washington College strategic plan. I’m certain his leadership will lend our campus and community essential guidance, and assist us in every facet of operations, from helping fight the national student debt crisis, to accomplishing our unprecedented fundraising goals as part of our Forge a Legacy campaign,” said Jonathan McCollum, Chair of the Washington College Faculty Council and Chair of the Department of Music. “It is a pleasure to welcome President-elect Landgraf to campus, and I look forward to working with him to continue instilling in our students the core values of Washington College: critical thinking, effective communication and deep, abiding moral courage.” “Kurt is an exceptional leader who has an impressive record of success in higher education and the corporate world. At ETS, he did a remarkable job advancing its social mission, reimagining the future of the organization, and building a strong organization and culture,” said Robert Murley, who served as Chair of the ETS Board of Directors for four years during President Landgraf’s tenure as CEO, and who has been an ETS board member for nearly 18 years. “As a result of his leadership and his commitment to diversity and to ensuring fairness and equity in assessment, promising students have been able to realize their dreams to attend college and graduate school regardless of their financial circumstances. Washington College is fortunate to have him as its next president.” About Washington College Founded in 1782, Washington College is the tenth oldest college in the nation and the first chartered under the new Republic. It enrolls approximately 1,450 undergraduates from more than 35 states and a dozen nations. With an emphasis on hands-on, experiential learning in the arts and sciences, and more than 40 multidisciplinary areas of study, the College is home to nationally recognized academic centers in the environment, history, and writing. Learn more at washcoll.edu.   Filed Under: Archives, Education, Homepage Highlights, News, Portal Highlights, Washington College ← Editorial: The Departures of College Presidents Sheila Bair and Barbara Viniar | Echo Hill Outdoor School – An Intern’s Snapshot → Write a Letter to the Editor on this Article We encourage readers to offer their point of view on this article by submitting the following form. Editing is sometimes necessary and is done at the discretion of the editorial staff. Cancel reply Name * Email * Website The Chestertown Spy The Talbot Spy Top Stories Portal Highlight – Best of the Spy News Point of View Arts Culture Ecosystem Education Health Local Life Shore Recovery Spy Senior Nation About Subscribe Contact Us Advertising & Underwriting Return to top of page Copyright © 2017 · Spy Publications on Genesis Framework · WordPress · Log in
About Us Contact Us Help user name password Client login:    First time user sign up Forgot your login info? Website Directory     Submit Website Search All categoriesAdvertising  GeneralAerospace  GeneralAgriculture  GeneralAirlines  GeneralAmerica - Post 9/11  GeneralApparel  GeneralApple Products  GeneralArchitectural  GeneralArchitecture  ArchitectureArt & Entertainments  Books  Celebrities  Country Music  Dance  Magazines  Movies  Museums  Music  Music Downloads  News & Talk Shows  Performing Arts  Photography  Television  Web SitesArts/Culture  GeneralAuction  GeneralAutomotive  Aftermarket  Classic Autos  Consumer Publications  General  Motorcycle & Bike  Racing  Recreational Vehicle  Repair & Service  Trade PublicationsBlogging & Social Media  Blogging & Social MediaBusiness  Advertising / Marketing  Books  Consumer Research  Direct Marketing  e-Commerce  Entrepreneurs  Finance  Franchise  Human Resources  Insurance  Investment  Management  Markets  Network Marketing  Online Marketing / SEO  Payday Loans  Public Relations  Publications  Real Estate  Retail  Stocks  Supermarkets  Women in BusinessCareers/HR  GeneralChemical  GeneralCoaching / Mentoring  Coaching / MentoringComputers  Apple Products  Databases  Games & Entertainment  General  Hosting  Instruction  Linux / GNU "Open Source"  Macintosh  Microsoft Windows PC  Operating Systems  Programming  Security  Software  Tablet PCs  UtilitiesConstruction  GeneralConsumer  Gifts and Collectibles  Hobbies  Web sites / InternetDesign  Graphic Design  Industrial  WebE-Cigarette  GeneraleCommerce  GeneralEconomy  GeneralEducation  College / University  General  Home Schooling  K-12  Post Graduate  TechnicalElectronics  GeneralEmail Marketing  GeneralEmailWire Press Releases  Press Release TipsEmployment/Careers  GeneralEngineering  GeneralEntertainment  GeneralEnvironment  GeneralEvents / Trade Shows  GeneralFinance  GeneralFood  GeneralFranchise  GeneralFraud / Identity Theft  GeneralGaming  GeneralGovernment  General  Judicial  Law Enforcement  Legislative  Local  National  Public Services  Security  State  TransportationHealthcare  GeneralHome and Family  Banking / Personal Finance  Bereavement / Loss  Home Furnishings / Interiors  Landscaping & Gardening  Marriage / Relationships  Money  Parenting  Payday Loans  Pets  Taxes  Wedding / BridalHome Schooling  GeneralHotels/Resorts  GeneralHousehold  GeneralIndustry  Aerospace / Defense  Agriculture  Apparel / Textiles  Broadcast  Construction / Building  Electrical  Food  Funeral  Healthcare  Leisure / Hospitality  Logistics / Shipping  Manufacturing / Production  Mining / Metals  Oil / Energy  Paper / Forest Products  Plumbing, Heating & AC  Print Media  Printing  Publishing  Radio  Restaurants  Tobacco  ToyInsurance  GeneralInternet/Online  GeneralLegal  GeneralLeisure  GeneralLifestyle  Beauty  Dating / Singles  Diet / Weight Loss  Fashion  Food / Beverage  Health & Fitness  Hotel / Resorts  Pastimes  Restaurants  Retirement  Travel & TourismMachinery  GeneralMaritime  GeneralMedical  Addiction  Allergies  Alternative Medicine  Asthma  Cancer  Cardiology  Chiropractic  Dental  Dermatology  Diabetes  Emergency  Family Medicine  General  General  Geriatrics  Hospitals  Infectious Diseases  Internal Medicine  Managed Care / HMO  Medical Products  Mental Health  Neurology  Nursing  Nutrition  OB / GYN  Pediatrics  Pharmaceuticals  Physical Therapy  Plastic Surgery  Psychology  Radiology / Imaging  Research  Sports Medicine  Surgery  VisionMilitary  GeneralMining/Metals  GeneralMiscellaneous  GeneralNanotechnology  NanotechnologyNon-profit  GeneralOccupational Safety  Occupational SafetyOil/Energy  GeneralOpinion / Editorial  Opinion / EditorialPaper Products  GeneralPaper/Forest  GeneralPharmaceuticals  GeneralPodcasting  Announce  Tools and ServicesPolitics  PoliticsPrint Media  GeneralPublic Utilities  Public UtilitiesPublishing  GeneralRadio  GeneralReal Estate  GeneralReligion  Christian  General  Islam  Jewish  OtherRestaurants  GeneralRetail  GeneralRSS & Content Syndication  RSS & Content SyndicationScience and Research  Science and ResearchSelf-Help / Personal Growth  Self-Help / Personal GrowthShipbuilding  GeneralSociety  African American Interests  Asian Interests  Childrens Issues  Disabled Issues / Disabilities  Gay / Lesbian  Hispanic  Mens Interests  Native American  Senior Citizens  Social Services  Teen Issues/Interests  Womens InterestSoftware  GeneralSports  Baseball  Basketball  Bicycling  Boating / Maritime  Bowling  Boxing  Fishing  Football  Golf  Hockey  Hunting  Martial Arts  Outdoors  Rugby  Soccer  Tennis  Water  Winter/SnowSports/Fitness  GeneralStocks  GeneralSupermarkets  GeneralTechnology  Biotechnology  Computer  Electronics  Enterprise Software  Games  Graphics/Printing/CAD  Hardware / Peripherals  Industrial  Information  Internet  Multimedia  Networking  Public Sector/Government  Robotics  Semiconductor  Software  Telecommunications  WebmastersTelecom  General  WirelessTelevision  GeneralTobacco  GeneralTrade  GeneralTransportation  GeneralTravel  GeneralUtilities  GeneralVolunteer  VolunteerWeather  Weather Home > News By Company > ReportsWeb.com Tweet   Worldwide Monoclonal Antibodies Market 2016 Trend, Analysis and Forecast ReportsWeb.com published Monoclonal Antibodies Market from its database. The report covers the market landscape and its growth prospects over the coming years. The report also includes a discussion of the key vendors operating in this market.   (EMAILWIRE.COM, June 02, 2017 ) Antibodies are the proteins produced by B-cells (in the bone marrow) in the immune system. These proteins attach themselves to antigens, which act as markers, and are then destroyed by phagocytes. B-cells produce different antibodies, which attach themselves to different sites of an antigen. mAbs are monospecific, as they are the clones of a single parent cell. They are complex proteins with high molecular weight, and were first developed in 1975 by Kohler and Milstein. Publisher's analysts forecast the global monoclonal antibodies (mAbs) market to grow at a CAGR of 9.84% during the period 2016-2020. For more information about this report: http://www.reportsweb.com/global-monoclonal-antibodies-market-2016-2020 . Covered in this report The report covers the present scenario and the growth prospects of the global monoclonal antibodies (mAbs) market for 2016-2020. To calculate the market size, the report considers the revenue generated from the sales of branded mAbs and biosimilars used to treat cancer, autoimmune and inflammatory diseases, respiratory diseases, and ophthalmology. It also considers the revenues to be generated from the sales of drugs that are expected to be launched into the market, along with the decline in revenues from the patent expiries of the marketed drugs, during the forecast period. The market is divided into the following segments based on geography: -Americas -APAC -EMEA Publisher's report, Global Monoclonal Antibodies (mAbs) Market 2016-2020, has been prepared based on an in-depth market analysis with inputs from industry experts. The report covers the market landscape and its growth prospects over the coming years. The report also includes a discussion of the key vendors operating in this market. Key vendors -AbbVie -Amgen -Bristol-Myers Squibb -F. Hoffmann-La Roche -Johnson & Johnson -Merck Request Sample Copy at http://www.reportsweb.com/inquiry&RW0001332795/sample . Other prominent vendors -AbGenomics -ADC Therapeutics -Agensys -Alexion Pharmaceuticals -ALMAC Group -Ambrx -Astellas Pharma -AstraZeneca -Bayer HealthCare -Biogen -Celgene -Celldex Therapeutics -Daiichi Sankyo -Eisai -Eli Lilly -Formation Biologics -Genmab -GlaxoSmithKline -Human Genome Sciences -Immunogen -MedImmune -Novartis -Pfizer -Seattle Genetics -Stemcentrx -Synthon Biopharmaceuticals -Takeda Pharmaceuticals -Teva -UCB Market driver -Special regulatory drug designations -For a full, detailed list, view our report Market challenge -High manufacturing costs coupled with stringent regulations -For a full, detailed list, view our report Market trend -Growing focus of vendors on untapped markets -For a full, detailed list, view our report Make an enquiry: http://www.reportsweb.com/inquiry&RW0001332795/buying . Contact Information: ReportsWeb.com Priya Sisodia Tel: +1-646-491-9876 Email us This is a press release. Press release distribution and press release services by EmailWire.Com: http://www.emailwire.com/us-press-release-distribution.php. 
   Search All categoriesAdvertising  GeneralAerospace  GeneralAgriculture  GeneralAirlines  GeneralAmerica - Post 9/11  GeneralApparel  GeneralApple Products  GeneralArchitectural  GeneralArchitecture  ArchitectureArt & Entertainments  Books  Celebrities  Country Music  Dance  Magazines  Movies  Museums  Music  Music Downloads  News & Talk Shows  Performing Arts  Photography  Television  Web SitesArts/Culture  GeneralAuction  GeneralAutomotive  Aftermarket  Classic Autos  Consumer Publications  General  Motorcycle & Bike  Racing  Recreational Vehicle  Repair & Service  Trade PublicationsBlogging & Social Media  Blogging & Social MediaBusiness  Advertising / Marketing  Books  Consumer Research  Direct Marketing  e-Commerce  Entrepreneurs  Finance  Franchise  Human Resources  Insurance  Investment  Management  Markets  Network Marketing  Online Marketing / SEO  Payday Loans  Public Relations  Publications  Real Estate  Retail  Stocks  Supermarkets  Women in BusinessCareers/HR  GeneralChemical  GeneralCoaching / Mentoring  Coaching / MentoringComputers  Apple Products  Databases  Games & Entertainment  General  Hosting  Instruction  Linux / GNU "Open Source"  Macintosh  Microsoft Windows PC  Operating Systems  Programming  Security  Software  Tablet PCs  UtilitiesConstruction  GeneralConsumer  Gifts and Collectibles  Hobbies  Web sites / InternetDesign  Graphic Design  Industrial  WebE-Cigarette  GeneraleCommerce  GeneralEconomy  GeneralEducation  College / University  General  Home Schooling  K-12  Post Graduate  TechnicalElectronics  GeneralEmail Marketing  GeneralEmailWire Press Releases  Press Release TipsEmployment/Careers  GeneralEngineering  GeneralEntertainment  GeneralEnvironment  GeneralEvents / Trade Shows  GeneralFinance  GeneralFood  GeneralFranchise  GeneralFraud / Identity Theft  GeneralGaming  GeneralGovernment  General  Judicial  Law Enforcement  Legislative  Local  National  Public Services  Security  State  TransportationHealthcare  GeneralHome and Family  Banking / Personal Finance  Bereavement / Loss  Home Furnishings / Interiors  Landscaping & Gardening  Marriage / Relationships  Money  Parenting  Payday Loans  Pets  Taxes  Wedding / BridalHome Schooling  GeneralHotels/Resorts  GeneralHousehold  GeneralIndustry  Aerospace / Defense  Agriculture  Apparel / Textiles  Broadcast  Construction / Building  Electrical  Food  Funeral  Healthcare  Leisure / Hospitality  Logistics / Shipping  Manufacturing / Production  Mining / Metals  Oil / Energy  Paper / Forest Products  Plumbing, Heating & AC  Print Media  Printing  Publishing  Radio  Restaurants  Tobacco  ToyInsurance  GeneralInternet/Online  GeneralLegal  GeneralLeisure  GeneralLifestyle  Beauty  Dating / Singles  Diet / Weight Loss  Fashion  Food / Beverage  Health & Fitness  Hotel / Resorts  Pastimes  Restaurants  Retirement  Travel & TourismMachinery  GeneralMaritime  GeneralMedical  Addiction  Allergies  Alternative Medicine  Asthma  Cancer  Cardiology  Chiropractic  Dental  Dermatology  Diabetes  Emergency  Family Medicine  General  General  Geriatrics  Hospitals  Infectious Diseases  Internal Medicine  Managed Care / HMO  Medical Products  Mental Health  Neurology  Nursing  Nutrition  OB / GYN  Pediatrics  Pharmaceuticals  Physical Therapy  Plastic Surgery  Psychology  Radiology / Imaging  Research  Sports Medicine  Surgery  VisionMilitary  GeneralMining/Metals  GeneralMiscellaneous  GeneralNanotechnology  NanotechnologyNon-profit  GeneralOccupational Safety  Occupational SafetyOil/Energy  GeneralOpinion / Editorial  Opinion / EditorialPaper Products  GeneralPaper/Forest  GeneralPharmaceuticals  GeneralPodcasting  Announce  Tools and ServicesPolitics  PoliticsPrint Media  GeneralPublic Utilities  Public UtilitiesPublishing  GeneralRadio  GeneralReal Estate  GeneralReligion  Christian  General  Islam  Jewish  OtherRestaurants  GeneralRetail  GeneralRSS & Content Syndication  RSS & Content SyndicationScience and Research  Science and ResearchSelf-Help / Personal Growth  Self-Help / Personal GrowthShipbuilding  GeneralSociety  African American Interests  Asian Interests  Childrens Issues  Disabled Issues / Disabilities  Gay / Lesbian  Hispanic  Mens Interests  Native American  Senior Citizens  Social Services  Teen Issues/Interests  Womens InterestSoftware  GeneralSports  Baseball  Basketball  Bicycling  Boating / Maritime  Bowling  Boxing  Fishing  Football  Golf  Hockey  Hunting  Martial Arts  Outdoors  Rugby  Soccer  Tennis  Water  Winter/SnowSports/Fitness  GeneralStocks  GeneralSupermarkets  GeneralTechnology  Biotechnology  Computer  Electronics  Enterprise Software  Games  Graphics/Printing/CAD  Hardware / Peripherals  Industrial  Information  Internet  Multimedia  Networking  Public Sector/Government  Robotics  Semiconductor  Software  Telecommunications  WebmastersTelecom  General  WirelessTelevision  GeneralTobacco  GeneralTrade  GeneralTransportation  GeneralTravel  GeneralUtilities  GeneralVolunteer  VolunteerWeather  Weather Advertising | How to contact us | Privacy Statement | EmailWire Press Releases | Partnership Opportunities EmailWire is a press release distribution service of GroupWeb Media LLC. © Copyright GroupWeb Media LLC 2017
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 2 June 2017 by mangesh kanase Hepatitis Drugs Market Analysis 2022: Latest Trends, Top Manufactures and Business Opportunities The Hepatitis Drugs market report includes a comprehensive analysis of the present state of the market. The report starts with the basic Hepatitis Drugs industry overview and then goes into each and every detail. In this report, the global Hepatitis Drugs market is valued at USD XX million in 2016 and is expected to reach USD XX million by the end of 2022, growing at a CAGR of XX% between 2016 and 2022. The Hepatitis Drugs market overview, which is the beginning of the report consists of various factors such as definitions, applications, and classifications of the Hepatitis Drugs. Industry chain structure, industry news analysis, and industry policy analysis are also covered in the industry overview section of the market research report. Access Hepatitis Drugs Market Report at: https://www.marketreportsworld.com/10397903 The manufacturing cost structure analysis section, which follows the industry overview section, provides a detailed study on manufacturing cost structure and processes analysis, raw material suppliers and price analysis, equipment suppliers and price analysis, labor cost, and other cost analysis of the Hepatitis Drugs market. In-depth analysis of the company profiles and competitive strategies offered in the Hepatitis Drugs market research report Top Manufacturers Mentioned In Hepatitis Drugs Market report are: F. Hoffmann-La Roche, Gilead Sciences, GlaxoSmithKline, Johnson & Johnson, Merck and more. Regions covered in the Hepatitis Drugs Market report include: North America, China, Europe, Japan, India and Southeast Asia. Get a Sample of Hepatitis Drugs Market research report from https://www.marketreportsworld.com/enquiry/request-sample/10397903 Further in the Plasmid Sales Market research report, following points Production, Sales and Revenue, Supply and Consumption and other analysis are included along with in-depth research. Hepatitis Drugs Market Product Types include: Oral, Injection along with Applications that include: Hospitals, Clinics The Hepatitis Drugs industry research report analyses the supply, sales, production, and market status comprehensively. Production market shares and sales market shares are analysed along with the study of capacity, production, sales, and revenue. Several other factors such as import, export, gross margin, price, cost, and consumption are also analysed under the section Analysis of Hepatitis Drugs production, supply, sales and market status. In the end, Hepatitis Drugs market report is a treasured source for both the individuals as well as the businesses as it provides detailed SWOT analysis along with the new project investments feasibility study. Get Hepatitis Drugs Market Report at: https://www.marketreportsworld.com/purchase/10397903     CategoriesGoogle News, satPRnews TagsBusiness, Healthcare, Hepatitis Drugs Industry, Hepatitis Drugs Industry growth, Hepatitis Drugs Market, Hepatitis Drugs Market analysis, Hepatitis Drugs Market growth, Hepatitis Drugs Market shares, Hepatitis Drugs Market Size, Hepatitis Drugs Market Trends Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Herbal Medicine Market Analysis 2022: Latest Trends, Top Manufactures and Business Opportunities Next PostNext Global Hemostatic Agents Market Forecast to 2022: Top Companies, Trends & Growth Factors and Detail Research for Business Development Search Recent Posts Ion Exchange Resins Market expected to grow at a CAGR of 5.4% from 2016 – 2026 Asia-Pacific STV Stevia Market Research Report 2017 to 2022 Global Methionine Market Analysis- Size, Share, overview, scope, Revenue, Gross Margin, Segment and Forecast 2017 IBM Research Alliance Builds New Transistor for 5nm Technology Mobile Phone Accessories Market will reach at a CAGR of 6.9% from 2015 to 2025 Business Directory Business Contacts Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Proudly powered by WordPress
Today: June 5, 2017, 6:46 am ﻿ HOME SIGN UP! NEW PRESS RELEASE CATEGORIES Your current selected language is German Click below to switsch to English ﻿ HOME SIGN UP! NEW PRESS RELEASE CATEGORIES ﻿ Health Pulmonary Drug Delivery Devices Market Segment Forecasts up to 2024, Research Reports Transparency Market Research Report Added "Pulmonary Drug Delivery Devices Market" to its database.   PR-Inside.com: 2017-06-02 09:28:14 The global pulmonary drug delivery devices market demonstrates a high degree of competition between GlaxoSmithKline Plc, Boehringer Ingelheim GmbH, AstraZeneca Plc, Teva Pharmaceutical Industries Ltd., and Merck & Co. Inc. states a new research report by Transparency Market Research. With the top five players accounting for more than 67%, the market exhibits a largely consolidated structure. Analysts project this market to remain competitive over the forthcoming years, specifically the drug markets for asthma and chronic obstructive pulmonary diseases (COPD), thanks to the robust product pipelines of established drug-makers. This 238 page report gives readers a comprehensive overview of the pulmonary drug delivery devices market. Browse through 42 data tables and 86 figures to unlock the hidden opportunities in this market: www.transparencymarketresearch.com/pulmonary-drug-delivery-syste .. According to the research report, the worldwide market for pulmonary drug delivery devices, which stood at US$32.2 bn in 2015, is expected to progress at a CAGR of 3.30% between 2016 and 2024 and reach US$43.05 bn by the end of the forecast period. The application of these devices is higher in the asthma segment and is expected to remain so over the next few years, thanks to the robust pipeline of drugs for the treatment of asthma. North America to Continue to Lead Global Market An analysis of the geographical presence of the global pulmonary drug delivery devices market has also been presented in this research report. As per the study, Europe, North America, Asia Pacific, Latin America, and the Middle East and Africa are the prime regional markets for pulmonary drug delivery devices. North America, among these, is leading the global market with Europe trailing closely. The key factor behind the rise of both the regional markets is the increasing prevalence of COPD. With the technological advancements in pulmonary drug delivery devices, North America is likely to retain its position across the world with a share of more than 40% by the end of the forecast period. The markets for pulmonary drug delivery devices in Asia Pacific, Latin America, and the Middle East and Africa are also projected to witness significant growth in the next few years, owing to the increasing prevalence of respiratory disorders. The rising level of awareness among consumers regarding health and wellness and the increase in the disposable income are also anticipated to propel these markets in the near future, states the research report. Request a sample of this report to know what opportunities will emerge in the rapidly evolving pulmonary drug delivery devices market during 2016 - 2024: www.transparencymarketresearch.com/sample/sample.php?flag=S&rep_ .. Rising Pool of Respiratory Disorder Patients to Fuel Market’s Growth “The rising pool of patients suffering from respiratory disorders is having the most prominent impact on the global market for pulmonary drug delivery devices,” states an analyst at TMR. The alarming rise in air pollution and the increasing number of smokers, worldwide, are adding substantially to the already worsened situation of COPD patient pool, leading to a remarkable surge in the demand for these devices. Analysts expect this scenario to remain so over the period of forecast, resulting in a high demand pace for these devices. In addition to this, the market is anticipated to benefit from the increasing research and development in the treatments for asthma and COPD in the near future. However, the imminent patent expiry of blockbuster drugs and several regulatory hurdles may limit the growth of this market to some extent in the years to come, notes the research study. The study presented here is based on a report by Transparency Market Research (TMR) titled “Pulmonary Drug Delivery Devices Market - Global Industry Analysis, Size, Share, Growth, Trends, and Forecast, 2016 - 2024.” Press Information Published by Rohit Bhisey +1-518-618-1030 e-mail www.transparencymarketresearch.com/ # 621 Words Related Articles More From The Author Geriatric Medicines Market is Expected to Reach [..] Geriatric medicine is concerned with the specialist medical care of the frail older individual, and in the promotion of better [..] Telepathology Service Market By Key Trends and [..] Telepathology Service Market: Overview Telepathology refers to the electronic transmission of high quality pathological data [..] Medical Oxygen Concentrators Market Outlook and Forecast [..] Medical Oxygen Concentrators Market: Snapshot The global medical oxygen concentrators market is currently being driven by the [..] Phototherapy Equipment Market will reach US$603.2 mn [..] Global Phototherapy Equipment Market: Overview The report on the phototherapy equipment market analyzes the current and future [..] Vial Adaptors for Reconstitution Drug Market By [..] Global Vial Adaptors for Reconstitution Drug Market: Snapshot The global market for vial adaptors for reconstitution drugs has [..]   More From Health Global and Chinese 5-Aminosalicylic acid Industry Market [..] HTF Market Intelligence released a new research report of 150 pages on title 'Global and Chinese 5-Aminosalicylic acid (CAS 89-57-6) [..] New Silkroutes Group to Acquire Dental Businesses [..] Expected to be completed by 31 July 2017, acquisitions will bolster capabilities of NSG's 51%-owned healthcare practice group, [..] HKBU Chinese Medicine Scholars Conduct Research in [..] HONG KONG, May 18, 2017 - (ACN Newswire) - The School of Chinese Medicine (SCM) of Hong Kong Baptist University [..] Professor Borody calls for a National Australian [..] SYDNEY, AU., May 19, 2017 - (ACN Newswire) - Faecal Microbiota Transplantation (FMT) leader Professor Thomas Borody (MD, PhD) [..] Singapore eDevelopment Subsidiary Initiates Research on [..] - Nobel Prize nominee Daryl Thompson to lead research, conducted by Global BioLife Inc., supported by Charles River Laboratories - [..] Disclaimer: If you have any questions regarding information in this press release please contact the company added in the press release. Please do not contact pr-inside. We will not be able to assist you. PR-inside disclaims the content included in this release. ﻿ Home Sign Up! New Press Release Categories Terms Of Service Privacy About Us Contact Us                
Press Release Distribution   PR Home Latest News News Feeds Subscribe Submit Free Press Release For Bloggers PR Newswire Distribution News By Tag * Weight Management * Medical Devices * More Tags... Industry News * Health * More Industries... News By Place * Pune   Maharashtra   India * More Locations... Country(s) United States Australia India Hong Kong England - - - More Countries Industry News June 2017 Mo Su Sa Fr Th We Tu 5 4 3 2 1 May 2017 31 30 Weight Loss and Obesity Management Market Report 2017 Databridgemarketresearch.com provides new report "Weight Loss and Obesity Management Market Report", is expected to reach USD 253.1 billion     Spread the Word Listed Under Tags: • Weight Management • Medical Devices Industry: • Health Location: • Pune - Maharashtra - IndiaPUNE, India - June 2, 2017 - PRLog -- Global Weight Loss and Obesity Management Market is expected to reach USD 253.1 billion by 2024 from USD 156.4 billion in 2016, at a CAGR of 6.2% in the forecast period 2017 to 2024. The new market report contains data for historic years 2014 & 2015, the base year of calculation is 2016 and the forecast period is 2017 to 2024 The Global Weight Loss and Obesity Management Market are segmented on the basis of dietary supplements, fitness equipment, surgical equipment, services, and geography. By Fitness Equipment: ·         Cardiovascular Training Equipment ·         Strength Training Equipment ·         Body Composition Analyzers ·         Fitness Monitoring Equipment By Surgical Equipment: ·         Minimally Invasive Surgical Equipment ·         Non-Invasive Surgical Equipment By Dietary Supplements: ·         Dietary Food ·         Dietary Beverages ·         Dietary Supplements By Services: ·         Facilities ·         Programs Based on geography the market is segmented into 5 geographical regions such as North America, South America, Europe, Asia-Pacific, and Middle East and Africa. The report of this market covers data points for major countries which are U.S. Canada, Brazil, Argentina, Mexico, Germany, France, U.K., Belgium, Switzerland, Turkey, Japan, China, Singapore, Australia, Brazil, India, Russia, South Africa and many others. Read more: http://databridgemarketresearch.com/reports/global-weight... Key Companies of the Global Weight Loss and Obesity Management Market: •        Ajinomoto Co. Inc. •        Herbalife Ltd. •        Nestle SA •        Pepsico Inc. •        Johnson Health Tech Co. Ltd. •        The Coca-Cola Co. •        Nutrisystem Inc. •        Mayo Clinic •        Zafgen •        Weight Watchers International, Inc. •        Jenny Craig •        EDiets •        VLCC Healthcare Ltd •        Slimming World •        Duke Diet & Fitness Center •        24 hours Fitness •        Equinox, Inc. •        Life Time Fitness, Inc. •        Fitness First Group •        Town Sports International Holdings, Inc. •        Abbott Nutrition •        GSK •        Roche •        Atkins Nutritionals •        Brunswick •        Kellogg •        Merck •        McNeil Nutritionals •        Reebok •        Unilever •        Precor Inc. •        Ethicon Endo-surgery Inc. •        Allergan Inc. Related Reports: Global Liposuction Devices Market – Industry Trends and Forecast to 2024 Report Access: http://databridgemarketresearch.com/reports/global-liposu... Contact: Data Bridge Market Research Amanora Chambers, Magarpatta Road, Hadapsar, Pune – 411028 Tel: +1-888-387-2818 Email: Sales@databridgemarketresearch.com Visit Data Bridge Blog@ http://databridgemarketresearch.com/blog/ LinkedIn:https://www.linkedin.com/company/data-bridge-market-research Media Contact Data Bridge Market Research 8883872818 sales@databridgemarketresearch.com End Source : Data Bridge Market Research Email : ***@databridgemarketresearch.com Tags : Weight Management, Medical Devices Industry : Health Location : Pune - Maharashtra - India Account Email Address     Account Phone Number     Disclaimer     Report Abuse Data Bridge Market Research PRs Medical Instruments Disinfections Market Report Trends and Forecast to 2024 Infection Control Industry 2017 to 2024 - Global Market Forecasts and Trends Research Report Global Medical Device Connectivity Market Industry Trends and Forecast to 2024 Global Pen Needles is expected to worth at CAGR of 11.6% Population Health Management (PHM) Market - Global Trends and Forecast to 2024 Top Daily News A Matter of Interpretation host , Claudette Milner, Announces the Name of her Teen Host - 254 views RII Sports Technology Helping Football Coaches More Effectively Exploit Their Biggest Competitive Advantage - Data - 248 views Items from the Titanic, Andrea Doria and SS Normandie will be offered at Weiss Auctions on June 22nd - 193 views London + Manchester => Germany's GPS Ankle Trackers? - 102 views Rare antique bottles will come up for bid June 16-17 by Holabird at the Reno Bottle Show & Auction - 91 views Top Weekly News Son Of A Legend Creates His Own Lane - 803 views Bram Weinstein Joins DC's Capital Talent Agency As a New Voice - 480 views L.A. Wolves FC Focus On U.S. Open Cup Third Round Game vs. Orange County SC in 'Freeway Classico' - 468 views Entertainment Schedule Set For Wizard World Comic Con Philadelphia, Thursday through Sunday - 455 views Galileoscopes & Solar Filters Available for August 2017 Solar Eclipse - 452 views Top Daily News A Matter of Interpretation host , Claudette Milner, Announces the Name of her Teen Host - 254 views RII Sports Technology Helping Football Coaches More Effectively Exploit Their Biggest Competitive Advantage - Data - 248 views Items from the Titanic, Andrea Doria and SS Normandie will be offered at Weiss Auctions on June 22nd - 193 views London + Manchester => Germany's GPS Ankle Trackers? - 102 views Rare antique bottles will come up for bid June 16-17 by Holabird at the Reno Bottle Show & Auction - 91 views Top Weekly News Son Of A Legend Creates His Own Lane - 803 views Bram Weinstein Joins DC's Capital Talent Agency As a New Voice - 480 views L.A. Wolves FC Focus On U.S. Open Cup Third Round Game vs. Orange County SC in 'Freeway Classico' - 468 views Entertainment Schedule Set For Wizard World Comic Con Philadelphia, Thursday through Sunday - 455 views Galileoscopes & Solar Filters Available for August 2017 Solar Eclipse - 452 views PTC News Entertainment Schedule Set For Wizard World Comic Con Philadelphia, Thursday through Sunday - 455 views Wizard World Hall of Legends To Honor Comic Arts Legacy - 340 views Find Your Dream Home at Summit View in Residence 3845 - 267 views Lennar to Bring New Homes to High Point Later this Year - 243 views Lennar's Dalton Place Now Open for Tours - 230 views Jun 02, 2017 News SiteMap Privacy Policy Terms of Service Copyright Notice About Advertise Like PRLog? 9K2K1K
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 2 June 2017 by mangesh kanase Global Antibacterial Drugs Market Research: Growth Opportunities by Regions, Types, Applications, Trend Forecast to 2022 The Antibacterial Drugs market report includes a comprehensive analysis of the present state of the market. The report starts with the basic Antibacterial Drugs industry overview and then goes into each and every detail. In this report, the global Antibacterial Drugs market is valued at USD XX million in 2016 and is expected to reach USD XX million by the end of 2022, growing at a CAGR of XX% between 2016 and 2022. The Antibacterial Drugs market overview, which is the beginning of the report consists of various factors such as definitions, applications, and classifications of the Antibacterial Drugs. Industry chain structure, industry news analysis, and industry policy analysis are also covered in the industry overview section of the market research report. Access Antibacterial Drugs Market Report at: https://www.marketreportsworld.com/10398013 The manufacturing cost structure analysis section, which follows the industry overview section, provides a detailed study on manufacturing cost structure and processes analysis, raw material suppliers and price analysis, equipment suppliers and price analysis, labor cost, and other cost analysis of the Antibacterial Drugs market. In-depth analysis of the company profiles and competitive strategies offered in the Antibacterial Drugs market research report Top Manufacturers Mentioned In Antibacterial Drugs Market report are: Pfizer,Merck & Co, GSK, Novartis, Bayer and more Regions covered in the Antibacterial Drugs Market report include: North America, Europe, China, Japan, Southeast Asia. Get a Sample of Antibacterial Drugs Market research report from https://www.marketreportsworld.com/enquiry/request-sample/10398013 Further in the Plasmid Sales Market research report, following points Production, Sales and Revenue, Supply and Consumption and other analysis are included along with in-depth research. Antibacterial Drugs Market Product Types include: Cephalosporins, Penicillins, Fluoroquinolones, Macrolides, Carbapenems along with Applications that include: Hospitals,Clinics The Antibacterial Drugs industry research report analyses the supply, sales, production, and market status comprehensively. Production market shares and sales market shares are analysed along with the study of capacity, production, sales, and revenue. Several other factors such as import, export, gross margin, price, cost, and consumption are also analysed under the section Analysis of Antibacterial Drugs production, supply, sales and market status. In the end, Antibacterial Drugs market report is a treasured source for both the individuals as well as the businesses as it provides detailed SWOT analysis along with the new project investments feasibility study. Get Antibacterial Drugs Market Report at: https://www.marketreportsworld.com/purchase/10398013   CategoriesGoogle News, satPRnews TagsAntibacterial Drugs Industry, Antibacterial Drugs Industry growth, Antibacterial Drugs Market, Antibacterial Drugs Market Analysis, Antibacterial Drugs Market growth, Antibacterial Drugs Market shares, Antibacterial Drugs Market Size, Antibacterial Drugs Market Trends, Business, Healthcare Post navigation Previous PostPrevious SPIE Supports International Day of Light to Promote Awareness of Life-saving, Live-enhancing light Next PostNext Radar Level Sensors Market 2017: Production, Sales, Supply, Demand, Analysis & Forecast to 2021 Search Recent Posts Ion Exchange Resins Market expected to grow at a CAGR of 5.4% from 2016 – 2026 Asia-Pacific STV Stevia Market Research Report 2017 to 2022 Global Methionine Market Analysis- Size, Share, overview, scope, Revenue, Gross Margin, Segment and Forecast 2017 IBM Research Alliance Builds New Transistor for 5nm Technology Mobile Phone Accessories Market will reach at a CAGR of 6.9% from 2015 to 2025 Business Directory Business Contacts Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 2 June 2017 by Maciej Heyman Vaccines market based on technology and indication captures the global market very fast | AMR Vaccines Market According to a new report published by Allied Market Research, titled, „Vaccines Market by Technology, Indication, and End Use: Global Opportunity Analysis and Industry Forecast, 2017-2023”, the global vaccines market was valued at $31,216 million in 2016, and is projected to reach $65,148 million by 2023, growing at a CAGR of 10.9% from 2017 to 2023. The conjugate vaccines segment accounted for more than one-third of the global market in 2016. Vaccination administration employs antigenic components, which aid in strengthening an individuals immune system. This process assists in development of adaptive immunity to a pathogen, and thereby prevents morbidity from infection. Vaccination plays an important role in the prevention strategies of infectious diseases adopted by several countries. Demand for vaccines is high in countries susceptible to epidemic diseases, contributing to the significant market growth. Access Full Summary at: www.alliedmarketresearch.com/vaccines-market High prevalence of diseases requiring administration of vaccines and emerging vaccines for different infectious diseases, such as, HIV, dengue, and Zika virus infection, and different technologies employed in the development of effective vaccines are expected to drive growth of the global vaccines market in the future. In addition, focus of governments on immunization programs aids in creating awareness among people about safety and availability of vaccines. However, it takes approximately 11-12 years for a single vaccine to be introduced in the commercial market. This prolonged procedure of vaccine development restrains the development of new vaccines, thereby hampering the market growth. In addition, high monetary inputs in the development of vaccines decrease their adoption, limiting the growth further. The pneumococcal disease segment is anticipated to maintain its dominance during the forecast period, accounting for maximum market revenue throughout forecast period, owing to the fact that Streptococcus pneumoniae (a pathogenic bacteria) is the leading cause of infectious diseases globally. In addition, high prevalence of these diseases in pediatric and geriatric population and growth in demand for varied serotype coverage propel growth of this segment. However, human papilloma virus (HPV) indication is growing at the highest CAGR of 12.4% from 2017 to 2023, as it is the most common type of sexually transmitted disease, specifically in women, which causes cervical cancer, the fourth most common type of cancer prevailing in women. The pediatric vaccine segment dominated the end use market, accounting for about half of the total share in 2016, due to the high immunization rate among infants and adolescents. Moreover, active government participation for amending vaccination to all children has augmented the market growth. Key Findings of the Vaccines Market: 1. The recombinant vaccines segment is anticipated to grow at the highest growth rate during the forecast period. 2. The human papilloma virus (HPV) vaccines segment is expected to grow at a rapid rate, registering a CAGR of 12.4% from 2017 to 2023. 3. North America dominated the global vaccines market, accounting for maximum share of overall market in 2016. 4. Asia-Pacific is exhibited to grow at a high growth rate of 12.0%, owing to the high demand for vaccination in densely populated area, such as India and China. 5. The pediatric vaccines segment generated highest revenue in 2016, and is expected to continue its dominance in the future as well. 6. The traveler vaccines segment is expected to exhibit high growth rate during forecast period, attributed by international travelers and mandated vaccination for immigrants before traveling. Asia-Pacific has witnessed highest growth rate for vaccines, and is expected to continue this trend. This is attributed to increase in sizeable population, rise in incidence of HIV & cancer cases, healthcare infrastructural development, and huge market potential, owing to the new arrival of preventive, therapeutic, and adult vaccines by key players focusing on the emerging markets. Key players operating in the vaccines market have adopted product launch as their key developmental strategy, and focus on launching innovative products to cater to the consumer requirements and strengthen their market share. The major companies profiled in the report include Astellas Pharma Inc., Astrazeneca Plc. (Medimmune, LLC.), CSL Limited, Emergent Biosolutions, Inc., Glaxosmithkline Plc., Johnson & Johnson, Merck & Co., Inc., Pfizer Inc., Sanofi Pasteur, and Serum Institute of India Pvt. Ltd. Allied Market Research (AMR) is a full-service market research and business-consulting wing of Allied Analytics LLP based in Portland, Oregon. Allied Market Research provides global enterprises as well as medium and small businesses with unmatched quality of „Market Research Reports” and „Business Intelligence Solutions”. AMR has a targeted view to provide business insights and consulting to assist its clients to make strategic business decisions and achieve sustainable growth in their respective market domain. We are in professional corporate relations with various companies and this helps us in digging out market data that helps us generate accurate research data tables and confirms utmost accuracy in our market forecasting. Each and every data presented in the reports published by us is extracted through primary interviews with top officials from leading companies of domain concerned. Our secondary data procurement methodology includes deep online and offline research and discussion with knowledgeable professionals and analysts in the industry. Rahul Thakur 5933 NE Win Sivers Drive #205, Portland, OR 97220 United States Direct: +1-503-894-6022 Toll Free: +1 (800) 792-5285 (U.S. & Canada) Fax: +1 (855) 550-5975 E-mail: sales@alliedmarketresearch.com Website: www.alliedmarketresearch.com This release was published on openPR. CategoriesUncategorized TagsHealth & Medicine Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Smart Manufacturing Technology Market 2017 Market Growth, Trends, Demand, Share, Analysis to 2021 Next PostNext IMF Executive Board Concludes 2017 Article IV Consultation with Algeria Search Recent Posts Ion Exchange Resins Market expected to grow at a CAGR of 5.4% from 2016 – 2026 Asia-Pacific STV Stevia Market Research Report 2017 to 2022 Global Methionine Market Analysis- Size, Share, overview, scope, Revenue, Gross Margin, Segment and Forecast 2017 IBM Research Alliance Builds New Transistor for 5nm Technology Mobile Phone Accessories Market will reach at a CAGR of 6.9% from 2015 to 2025 Business Directory Business Contacts Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 2 June 2017 by Rahul Jadhav H1 2017 Type 2 Diabetes Industry Pipeline Review Size, Share, Trend and Analysis Research Study Latest niche market research study on “H1 Type 2 Diabetes Market Pipeline Review 2017 ” Published at Orbisresearch.com Type 2 Diabetes – Pipeline Review, H1 2017, provides an overview of the Type 2 Diabetes (Metabolic Disorders) pipeline landscape. Type 2 diabetes is a chronic condition and is the most common form of diabetes. High levels of glucose are a characteristic feature. The body might become resistant to insulin or may not produce enough amounts. Due to abnormal insulin functioning, glucose is concentrated in the blood leading to elevated levels and hence causing type 2 diabetes. Symptoms include fatigue, weight issues, vision deficits and various other effects. Risk factors include family history, age, obesity, physical inactivity and high blood pressure. This condition is handled by lifestyle alterations and regular medications. Request a sample of this report @ http://www.orbisresearch.com/contacts/request-sample/309991 . Report Highlights Global Markets Direct’s Pharmaceutical and Healthcare latest pipeline guide Type 2 Diabetes – Pipeline Review, H1 2017, provides comprehensive information on the therapeutics under development for Type 2 Diabetes (Metabolic Disorders), complete with analysis by stage of development, drug target, mechanism of action (MoA), route of administration (RoA) and molecule type. The guide covers the descriptive pharmacological action of the therapeutics, its complete research and development history and latest news and press releases. The Type 2 Diabetes (Metabolic Disorders) pipeline guide also reviews of key players involved in therapeutic development for Type 2 Diabetes and features dormant and discontinued projects. The guide covers therapeutics under Development by Companies /Universities /Institutes, the molecules developed by Companies in Pre-Registration, Filing rejected/Withdrawn, Phase III, Phase II, Phase I, IND/CTA Filed, Preclinical, Discovery and Unknown stages are 14, 1, 25, 68, 64, 5, 250, 75 and 6 respectively. Similarly, the Universities portfolio in Phase II, Phase I, IND/CTA Filed, Preclinical and Discovery stages comprises 1, 1, 1, 62 and 22 molecules, respectively. Type 2 Diabetes (Metabolic Disorders) pipeline guide helps in identifying and tracking emerging players in the market and their portfolios, enhances decision making capabilities and helps to create effective counter strategies to gain competitive advantage. The guide is built using data and information sourced from Global Markets Direct’s proprietary databases, company/university websites, clinical trial registries, conferences, SEC filings, investor presentations and featured press releases from company/university sites and industry-specific third party sources. Additionally, various dynamic tracking processes ensure that the most recent developments are captured on a real time basis. Browse the full report @ http://www.orbisresearch.com/reports/index/type-2-diabetes-pipeline-review-h1-2017 . Scope – The pipeline guide provides a snapshot of the global therapeutic landscape of Type 2 Diabetes (Metabolic Disorders). – The pipeline guide reviews pipeline therapeutics for Type 2 Diabetes (Metabolic Disorders) by companies and universities/research institutes based on information derived from company and industry-specific sources. – The pipeline guide covers pipeline products based on several stages of development ranging from pre-registration till discovery and undisclosed stages. – The pipeline guide features descriptive drug profiles for the pipeline products which comprise, product description, descriptive licensing and collaboration details, R&D brief, MoA & other developmental activities. – The pipeline guide reviews key companies involved in Type 2 Diabetes (Metabolic Disorders) therapeutics and enlists all their major and minor projects. – The pipeline guide evaluates Type 2 Diabetes (Metabolic Disorders) therapeutics based on mechanism of action (MoA), drug target, route of administration (RoA) and molecule type. – The pipeline guide encapsulates all the dormant and discontinued pipeline projects. – The pipeline guide reviews latest news related to pipeline therapeutics for Type 2 Diabetes (Metabolic Disorders) Reasons to buy – Procure strategically important competitor information, analysis, and insights to formulate effective R&D strategies. – Recognize emerging players with potentially strong product portfolio and create effective counter-strategies to gain competitive advantage. – Find and recognize significant and varied types of therapeutics under development for Type 2 Diabetes (Metabolic Disorders). – Classify potential new clients or partners in the target demographic. – Develop tactical initiatives by understanding the focus areas of leading companies. – Plan mergers and acquisitions meritoriously by identifying key players and it’s most promising pipeline therapeutics. – Formulate corrective measures for pipeline projects by understanding Type 2 Diabetes (Metabolic Disorders) pipeline depth and focus of Indication therapeutics. – Develop and design in-licensing and out-licensing strategies by identifying prospective partners with the most attractive projects to enhance and expand business potential and scope. – Adjust the therapeutic portfolio by recognizing discontinued projects and understand from the know-how what drove them from pipeline. Purchase a copy of this report @ http://www.orbisresearch.com/contact/purchase/309991 . Companies Mentioned 4P Therapeutics LLC Addex Therapeutics Ltd Adocia Advinus Therapeutics Ltd Aegis Therapeutics LLC AFFiRiS AG Alize Pharma SAS Allergan Plc Alteogen Inc Amarantus Bioscience Holdings Inc Amgen Inc Anchor Therapeutics Inc AntriaBio Inc Aphios Corp Araim Pharmaceuticals Inc Arena Pharmaceuticals Inc Arisaph Pharmaceuticals Inc ArisGen SA Astellas Pharma Inc AstraZeneca Plc AusBio Ltd Avadel Pharmaceuticals Plc Bayer AG Beta-Cell NV Betagenon AB Betta Pharmaceuticals Co Ltd Biocon Ltd BioLingus AG BioRestorative Therapies Inc Biozeus Biscayne Pharmaceuticals Inc Boehringer Ingelheim GmbH Boston Therapeutics Inc Braasch Biotech LLC Bristol-Myers Squibb Company C4X Discovery Holdings PLC Cadila Pharmaceuticals Ltd Cardax Inc Carmot Therapeutics Inc Celon Pharma SA Chipscreen Biosciences Ltd Chong Kun Dang Pharmaceutical Corp CJ HealthCare Corp CohBar Inc Concenter BioPharma Silkim Ltd ConjuChem LLC Connexios Life Sciences Pvt Ltd ConSynance Therapeutics Inc Corium International Inc CSL Ltd CureDM Inc CymaBay Therapeutics Inc Daewoong Pharmaceutical Co Ltd Daiichi Sankyo Company Ltd Dance Biopharm Inc Delpor Inc Diabetology (Products) Ltd DiaMedica Therapeutics Inc Diamyd Medical AB Diasome Pharmaceuticals Inc DiscoveryBiomed Inc DNJ Pharma Inc Dong-A Socio Holdings Co Ltd Elcelyx Therapeutics Inc Eli Lilly and Company Enteris BioPharma Inc Enzo Biochem Inc Epichem Pty Ltd Esperion Therapeutics Inc Eternygen GmbH Evotec AG F. Hoffmann-La Roche Ltd Generex Biotechnology Corp Genexine Inc Genfit SA Genmedica Therapeutics SL Genovate Biotechnology Co LTD Geropharm LLC Gilead Sciences Inc GlaxoSmithKline Plc Glide Pharmaceutical Technologies Ltd Glucox Biotech AB GW Pharmaceuticals Plc Hadasit Medical Research Services & Development Ltd HanAll Biopharma Co Ltd Hanmi Pharmaceuticals Co Ltd Heptares Therapeutics Ltd HitGen LTD Hyundai Pharmaceutical Co Ltd Immuron Ltd Innopharmax Inc Innovative Targeting Solutions Inc Intarcia Therapeutics Inc Intas Pharmaceuticals Ltd Integral Molecular Inc Intercept Pharmaceuticals Inc Intrexon Corp Ionis Pharmaceuticals Inc Ironwood Pharmaceuticals Inc Islet Sciences Inc Japan Tobacco Inc Jeil Pharmaceutical Co Ltd Jenrin Discovery Inc JHL Biotech Inc Jiangsu Hansoh Pharmaceutical Group Co Ltd Jiangsu Hengrui Medicine Co Ltd Johnson & Johnson Kadimastem Ltd Kadmon Corp LLC Kareus Therapeutics SA Kissei Pharmaceutical Co Ltd Lead Discovery Center GmbH Leading BioSciences Inc Lexicon Pharmaceuticals Inc LG Chem, Ltd. Ligand Pharmaceuticals Inc LipimetiX Development Inc Lonestar Heart Inc Longevity Biotech Inc Luye Pharma Group Ltd Magnus Life Ltd Medesis Pharma SA Medestea Research & Production SpA MedImmune LLC Medlab Clinical Ltd Melior Discovery Inc Mellitech SAS Merck & Co Inc Mesoblast Ltd Metabolic Solutions Development Company LLC Metabolys SAS Metacrine Inc Mitsubishi Tanabe Pharma Corp Moderna Therapeutics Inc Naia Ltd Neurimmune Holding AG Neurocrine Biosciences Inc NGM Biopharmaceuticals Inc Nordic Bioscience A/S Novapeutics LLC Novartis AG NovaTarg Therapeutics Inc Novo Nordisk A/S Noxxon Pharma AG Omeros Corp OPKO Biologics Ltd OPKO Health Inc Oramed Pharmaceuticals Inc Paras Biopharmaceuticals Finland Oy Peptron Inc Pfizer Inc PharmaCyte Biotech Inc PharmaIN Corp Pila Pharma AB Poxel SA Prometheon Pharma LLC ProMetic Life Sciences Inc Purzer Pharmaceutical Co Ltd Reata Pharmaceuticals Inc ReCyte Therapeutics Inc reMYND NV Renova Therapeutics Inc Reset Therapeutics Inc Saniona AB Sanofi Sanwa Kagaku Kenkyusho Co Ltd SATT Conectus Alsace SAS SBI Pharmaceuticals Co Ltd Seres Therapeutics Inc Serodus ASA Serometrix LLC Sevion Therapeutics Inc Shenzhen HighTide Biopharmaceutical Ltd Shionogi & Co Ltd Sihuan Pharmaceutical Holdings Group Ltd Sirona Biochem Corp SJT Molecular Research SL SK Chemicals Co Ltd Sprint Bioscience AB Sumitomo Dainippon Pharma Co Ltd Taisho Pharmaceutical Holdings Co Ltd Takeda Pharmaceutical Company Ltd Tasly Pharmaceutical Group Co Ltd Teijin Pharma Ltd The Medicines Company Theracos Inc Thermalin Diabetes LLC Toray Industries Inc Torrent Pharmaceuticals Ltd Transgene Biotek Ltd TTY Biopharm Company Ltd Uni-Bio Science Group Ltd Valeant Pharmaceuticals International Inc ViaCyte Inc Vichem Chemie Research Ltd Vicore Pharma AB Viking Therapeutics Inc Vivus Inc vTv Therapeutics Inc Vybion Inc XBiotech Inc Xenetic Biosciences Inc XL-protein GmbH XOMA Corp XuanZhu Pharma Co Ltd Yuhan Corp Yungjin Pharm Co Ltd Zafgen Inc Zealand Pharma AS Zensun (Shanghai) Sci & Tech Co Ltd Zydus Cadila Healthcare Ltd For any enquires before buying, connect with us @ enquiry@orbisresearch.com About Us: Orbis Research (orbisresearch.com) is a single point aid for all your market research requirements. We have vast database of reports from the leading publishers and authors across the globe. We specialize in delivering customized reports as per the requirements of our clients. We have complete information about our publishers and hence are sure about the accuracy of the industries and verticals of their specialization. This helps our clients to map their needs and we produce the perfect required market research study for our clients. Contact Us: Hector Costello Senior Manager – Client Engagements 4144N Central Expressway, Suite 600, Dallas, Texas – 75204, U.S.A. Phone No.: +1 (214) 884-6817; +912064101019 For more information contact sales@orbisresearch.com CategoriesGoogle News, Satellite, satPRnews Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Osteonecrosis Market Therapeutic Pipeline H1 2017, Major Key Analysis Next PostNext Pipeline Review of Secondary (Hypogonadotropic) Hypogonadism Market H1 2017 – Orbis Research Posted on 2 June 2017 by Rahul Jadhav H1 2017 Type 2 Diabetes Industry Pipeline Review Size, Share, Trend and Analysis Research Study Latest niche market research study on “H1 Type 2 Diabetes Market Pipeline Review 2017 ” Published at Orbisresearch.com Type 2 Diabetes – Pipeline Review, H1 2017, provides an overview of the Type 2 Diabetes (Metabolic Disorders) pipeline landscape. Type 2 diabetes is a chronic condition and is the most common form of diabetes. High levels of glucose are a characteristic feature. The body might become resistant to insulin or may not produce enough amounts. Due to abnormal insulin functioning, glucose is concentrated in the blood leading to elevated levels and hence causing type 2 diabetes. Symptoms include fatigue, weight issues, vision deficits and various other effects. Risk factors include family history, age, obesity, physical inactivity and high blood pressure. This condition is handled by lifestyle alterations and regular medications. Request a sample of this report @ http://www.orbisresearch.com/contacts/request-sample/309991 . Report Highlights Global Markets Direct’s Pharmaceutical and Healthcare latest pipeline guide Type 2 Diabetes – Pipeline Review, H1 2017, provides comprehensive information on the therapeutics under development for Type 2 Diabetes (Metabolic Disorders), complete with analysis by stage of development, drug target, mechanism of action (MoA), route of administration (RoA) and molecule type. The guide covers the descriptive pharmacological action of the therapeutics, its complete research and development history and latest news and press releases. The Type 2 Diabetes (Metabolic Disorders) pipeline guide also reviews of key players involved in therapeutic development for Type 2 Diabetes and features dormant and discontinued projects. The guide covers therapeutics under Development by Companies /Universities /Institutes, the molecules developed by Companies in Pre-Registration, Filing rejected/Withdrawn, Phase III, Phase II, Phase I, IND/CTA Filed, Preclinical, Discovery and Unknown stages are 14, 1, 25, 68, 64, 5, 250, 75 and 6 respectively. Similarly, the Universities portfolio in Phase II, Phase I, IND/CTA Filed, Preclinical and Discovery stages comprises 1, 1, 1, 62 and 22 molecules, respectively. Type 2 Diabetes (Metabolic Disorders) pipeline guide helps in identifying and tracking emerging players in the market and their portfolios, enhances decision making capabilities and helps to create effective counter strategies to gain competitive advantage. The guide is built using data and information sourced from Global Markets Direct’s proprietary databases, company/university websites, clinical trial registries, conferences, SEC filings, investor presentations and featured press releases from company/university sites and industry-specific third party sources. Additionally, various dynamic tracking processes ensure that the most recent developments are captured on a real time basis. Browse the full report @ http://www.orbisresearch.com/reports/index/type-2-diabetes-pipeline-review-h1-2017 . Scope – The pipeline guide provides a snapshot of the global therapeutic landscape of Type 2 Diabetes (Metabolic Disorders). – The pipeline guide reviews pipeline therapeutics for Type 2 Diabetes (Metabolic Disorders) by companies and universities/research institutes based on information derived from company and industry-specific sources. – The pipeline guide covers pipeline products based on several stages of development ranging from pre-registration till discovery and undisclosed stages. – The pipeline guide features descriptive drug profiles for the pipeline products which comprise, product description, descriptive licensing and collaboration details, R&D brief, MoA & other developmental activities. – The pipeline guide reviews key companies involved in Type 2 Diabetes (Metabolic Disorders) therapeutics and enlists all their major and minor projects. – The pipeline guide evaluates Type 2 Diabetes (Metabolic Disorders) therapeutics based on mechanism of action (MoA), drug target, route of administration (RoA) and molecule type. – The pipeline guide encapsulates all the dormant and discontinued pipeline projects. – The pipeline guide reviews latest news related to pipeline therapeutics for Type 2 Diabetes (Metabolic Disorders) Reasons to buy – Procure strategically important competitor information, analysis, and insights to formulate effective R&D strategies. – Recognize emerging players with potentially strong product portfolio and create effective counter-strategies to gain competitive advantage. – Find and recognize significant and varied types of therapeutics under development for Type 2 Diabetes (Metabolic Disorders). – Classify potential new clients or partners in the target demographic. – Develop tactical initiatives by understanding the focus areas of leading companies. – Plan mergers and acquisitions meritoriously by identifying key players and it’s most promising pipeline therapeutics. – Formulate corrective measures for pipeline projects by understanding Type 2 Diabetes (Metabolic Disorders) pipeline depth and focus of Indication therapeutics. – Develop and design in-licensing and out-licensing strategies by identifying prospective partners with the most attractive projects to enhance and expand business potential and scope. – Adjust the therapeutic portfolio by recognizing discontinued projects and understand from the know-how what drove them from pipeline. Purchase a copy of this report @ http://www.orbisresearch.com/contact/purchase/309991 . Companies Mentioned 4P Therapeutics LLC Addex Therapeutics Ltd Adocia Advinus Therapeutics Ltd Aegis Therapeutics LLC AFFiRiS AG Alize Pharma SAS Allergan Plc Alteogen Inc Amarantus Bioscience Holdings Inc Amgen Inc Anchor Therapeutics Inc AntriaBio Inc Aphios Corp Araim Pharmaceuticals Inc Arena Pharmaceuticals Inc Arisaph Pharmaceuticals Inc ArisGen SA Astellas Pharma Inc AstraZeneca Plc AusBio Ltd Avadel Pharmaceuticals Plc Bayer AG Beta-Cell NV Betagenon AB Betta Pharmaceuticals Co Ltd Biocon Ltd BioLingus AG BioRestorative Therapies Inc Biozeus Biscayne Pharmaceuticals Inc Boehringer Ingelheim GmbH Boston Therapeutics Inc Braasch Biotech LLC Bristol-Myers Squibb Company C4X Discovery Holdings PLC Cadila Pharmaceuticals Ltd Cardax Inc Carmot Therapeutics Inc Celon Pharma SA Chipscreen Biosciences Ltd Chong Kun Dang Pharmaceutical Corp CJ HealthCare Corp CohBar Inc Concenter BioPharma Silkim Ltd ConjuChem LLC Connexios Life Sciences Pvt Ltd ConSynance Therapeutics Inc Corium International Inc CSL Ltd CureDM Inc CymaBay Therapeutics Inc Daewoong Pharmaceutical Co Ltd Daiichi Sankyo Company Ltd Dance Biopharm Inc Delpor Inc Diabetology (Products) Ltd DiaMedica Therapeutics Inc Diamyd Medical AB Diasome Pharmaceuticals Inc DiscoveryBiomed Inc DNJ Pharma Inc Dong-A Socio Holdings Co Ltd Elcelyx Therapeutics Inc Eli Lilly and Company Enteris BioPharma Inc Enzo Biochem Inc Epichem Pty Ltd Esperion Therapeutics Inc Eternygen GmbH Evotec AG F. Hoffmann-La Roche Ltd Generex Biotechnology Corp Genexine Inc Genfit SA Genmedica Therapeutics SL Genovate Biotechnology Co LTD Geropharm LLC Gilead Sciences Inc GlaxoSmithKline Plc Glide Pharmaceutical Technologies Ltd Glucox Biotech AB GW Pharmaceuticals Plc Hadasit Medical Research Services & Development Ltd HanAll Biopharma Co Ltd Hanmi Pharmaceuticals Co Ltd Heptares Therapeutics Ltd HitGen LTD Hyundai Pharmaceutical Co Ltd Immuron Ltd Innopharmax Inc Innovative Targeting Solutions Inc Intarcia Therapeutics Inc Intas Pharmaceuticals Ltd Integral Molecular Inc Intercept Pharmaceuticals Inc Intrexon Corp Ionis Pharmaceuticals Inc Ironwood Pharmaceuticals Inc Islet Sciences Inc Japan Tobacco Inc Jeil Pharmaceutical Co Ltd Jenrin Discovery Inc JHL Biotech Inc Jiangsu Hansoh Pharmaceutical Group Co Ltd Jiangsu Hengrui Medicine Co Ltd Johnson & Johnson Kadimastem Ltd Kadmon Corp LLC Kareus Therapeutics SA Kissei Pharmaceutical Co Ltd Lead Discovery Center GmbH Leading BioSciences Inc Lexicon Pharmaceuticals Inc LG Chem, Ltd. Ligand Pharmaceuticals Inc LipimetiX Development Inc Lonestar Heart Inc Longevity Biotech Inc Luye Pharma Group Ltd Magnus Life Ltd Medesis Pharma SA Medestea Research & Production SpA MedImmune LLC Medlab Clinical Ltd Melior Discovery Inc Mellitech SAS Merck & Co Inc Mesoblast Ltd Metabolic Solutions Development Company LLC Metabolys SAS Metacrine Inc Mitsubishi Tanabe Pharma Corp Moderna Therapeutics Inc Naia Ltd Neurimmune Holding AG Neurocrine Biosciences Inc NGM Biopharmaceuticals Inc Nordic Bioscience A/S Novapeutics LLC Novartis AG NovaTarg Therapeutics Inc Novo Nordisk A/S Noxxon Pharma AG Omeros Corp OPKO Biologics Ltd OPKO Health Inc Oramed Pharmaceuticals Inc Paras Biopharmaceuticals Finland Oy Peptron Inc Pfizer Inc PharmaCyte Biotech Inc PharmaIN Corp Pila Pharma AB Poxel SA Prometheon Pharma LLC ProMetic Life Sciences Inc Purzer Pharmaceutical Co Ltd Reata Pharmaceuticals Inc ReCyte Therapeutics Inc reMYND NV Renova Therapeutics Inc Reset Therapeutics Inc Saniona AB Sanofi Sanwa Kagaku Kenkyusho Co Ltd SATT Conectus Alsace SAS SBI Pharmaceuticals Co Ltd Seres Therapeutics Inc Serodus ASA Serometrix LLC Sevion Therapeutics Inc Shenzhen HighTide Biopharmaceutical Ltd Shionogi & Co Ltd Sihuan Pharmaceutical Holdings Group Ltd Sirona Biochem Corp SJT Molecular Research SL SK Chemicals Co Ltd Sprint Bioscience AB Sumitomo Dainippon Pharma Co Ltd Taisho Pharmaceutical Holdings Co Ltd Takeda Pharmaceutical Company Ltd Tasly Pharmaceutical Group Co Ltd Teijin Pharma Ltd The Medicines Company Theracos Inc Thermalin Diabetes LLC Toray Industries Inc Torrent Pharmaceuticals Ltd Transgene Biotek Ltd TTY Biopharm Company Ltd Uni-Bio Science Group Ltd Valeant Pharmaceuticals International Inc ViaCyte Inc Vichem Chemie Research Ltd Vicore Pharma AB Viking Therapeutics Inc Vivus Inc vTv Therapeutics Inc Vybion Inc XBiotech Inc Xenetic Biosciences Inc XL-protein GmbH XOMA Corp XuanZhu Pharma Co Ltd Yuhan Corp Yungjin Pharm Co Ltd Zafgen Inc Zealand Pharma AS Zensun (Shanghai) Sci & Tech Co Ltd Zydus Cadila Healthcare Ltd For any enquires before buying, connect with us @ enquiry@orbisresearch.com About Us: Orbis Research (orbisresearch.com) is a single point aid for all your market research requirements. We have vast database of reports from the leading publishers and authors across the globe. We specialize in delivering customized reports as per the requirements of our clients. We have complete information about our publishers and hence are sure about the accuracy of the industries and verticals of their specialization. This helps our clients to map their needs and we produce the perfect required market research study for our clients. Contact Us: Hector Costello Senior Manager – Client Engagements 4144N Central Expressway, Suite 600, Dallas, Texas – 75204, U.S.A. Phone No.: +1 (214) 884-6817; +912064101019 For more information contact sales@orbisresearch.com CategoriesGoogle News, Satellite, satPRnews Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Osteonecrosis Market Therapeutic Pipeline H1 2017, Major Key Analysis Next PostNext Pipeline Review of Secondary (Hypogonadotropic) Hypogonadism Market H1 2017 – Orbis Research Posted on 2 June 2017 by Rahul Jadhav H1 2017 Type 2 Diabetes Industry Pipeline Review Size, Share, Trend and Analysis Research Study Latest niche market research study on “H1 Type 2 Diabetes Market Pipeline Review 2017 ” Published at Orbisresearch.com Type 2 Diabetes – Pipeline Review, H1 2017, provides an overview of the Type 2 Diabetes (Metabolic Disorders) pipeline landscape. Type 2 diabetes is a chronic condition and is the most common form of diabetes. High levels of glucose are a characteristic feature. The body might become resistant to insulin or may not produce enough amounts. Due to abnormal insulin functioning, glucose is concentrated in the blood leading to elevated levels and hence causing type 2 diabetes. Symptoms include fatigue, weight issues, vision deficits and various other effects. Risk factors include family history, age, obesity, physical inactivity and high blood pressure. This condition is handled by lifestyle alterations and regular medications. Request a sample of this report @ http://www.orbisresearch.com/contacts/request-sample/309991 . Report Highlights Global Markets Direct’s Pharmaceutical and Healthcare latest pipeline guide Type 2 Diabetes – Pipeline Review, H1 2017, provides comprehensive information on the therapeutics under development for Type 2 Diabetes (Metabolic Disorders), complete with analysis by stage of development, drug target, mechanism of action (MoA), route of administration (RoA) and molecule type. The guide covers the descriptive pharmacological action of the therapeutics, its complete research and development history and latest news and press releases. The Type 2 Diabetes (Metabolic Disorders) pipeline guide also reviews of key players involved in therapeutic development for Type 2 Diabetes and features dormant and discontinued projects. The guide covers therapeutics under Development by Companies /Universities /Institutes, the molecules developed by Companies in Pre-Registration, Filing rejected/Withdrawn, Phase III, Phase II, Phase I, IND/CTA Filed, Preclinical, Discovery and Unknown stages are 14, 1, 25, 68, 64, 5, 250, 75 and 6 respectively. Similarly, the Universities portfolio in Phase II, Phase I, IND/CTA Filed, Preclinical and Discovery stages comprises 1, 1, 1, 62 and 22 molecules, respectively. Type 2 Diabetes (Metabolic Disorders) pipeline guide helps in identifying and tracking emerging players in the market and their portfolios, enhances decision making capabilities and helps to create effective counter strategies to gain competitive advantage. The guide is built using data and information sourced from Global Markets Direct’s proprietary databases, company/university websites, clinical trial registries, conferences, SEC filings, investor presentations and featured press releases from company/university sites and industry-specific third party sources. Additionally, various dynamic tracking processes ensure that the most recent developments are captured on a real time basis. Browse the full report @ http://www.orbisresearch.com/reports/index/type-2-diabetes-pipeline-review-h1-2017 . Scope – The pipeline guide provides a snapshot of the global therapeutic landscape of Type 2 Diabetes (Metabolic Disorders). – The pipeline guide reviews pipeline therapeutics for Type 2 Diabetes (Metabolic Disorders) by companies and universities/research institutes based on information derived from company and industry-specific sources. – The pipeline guide covers pipeline products based on several stages of development ranging from pre-registration till discovery and undisclosed stages. – The pipeline guide features descriptive drug profiles for the pipeline products which comprise, product description, descriptive licensing and collaboration details, R&D brief, MoA & other developmental activities. – The pipeline guide reviews key companies involved in Type 2 Diabetes (Metabolic Disorders) therapeutics and enlists all their major and minor projects. – The pipeline guide evaluates Type 2 Diabetes (Metabolic Disorders) therapeutics based on mechanism of action (MoA), drug target, route of administration (RoA) and molecule type. – The pipeline guide encapsulates all the dormant and discontinued pipeline projects. – The pipeline guide reviews latest news related to pipeline therapeutics for Type 2 Diabetes (Metabolic Disorders) Reasons to buy – Procure strategically important competitor information, analysis, and insights to formulate effective R&D strategies. – Recognize emerging players with potentially strong product portfolio and create effective counter-strategies to gain competitive advantage. – Find and recognize significant and varied types of therapeutics under development for Type 2 Diabetes (Metabolic Disorders). – Classify potential new clients or partners in the target demographic. – Develop tactical initiatives by understanding the focus areas of leading companies. – Plan mergers and acquisitions meritoriously by identifying key players and it’s most promising pipeline therapeutics. – Formulate corrective measures for pipeline projects by understanding Type 2 Diabetes (Metabolic Disorders) pipeline depth and focus of Indication therapeutics. – Develop and design in-licensing and out-licensing strategies by identifying prospective partners with the most attractive projects to enhance and expand business potential and scope. – Adjust the therapeutic portfolio by recognizing discontinued projects and understand from the know-how what drove them from pipeline. Purchase a copy of this report @ http://www.orbisresearch.com/contact/purchase/309991 . Companies Mentioned 4P Therapeutics LLC Addex Therapeutics Ltd Adocia Advinus Therapeutics Ltd Aegis Therapeutics LLC AFFiRiS AG Alize Pharma SAS Allergan Plc Alteogen Inc Amarantus Bioscience Holdings Inc Amgen Inc Anchor Therapeutics Inc AntriaBio Inc Aphios Corp Araim Pharmaceuticals Inc Arena Pharmaceuticals Inc Arisaph Pharmaceuticals Inc ArisGen SA Astellas Pharma Inc AstraZeneca Plc AusBio Ltd Avadel Pharmaceuticals Plc Bayer AG Beta-Cell NV Betagenon AB Betta Pharmaceuticals Co Ltd Biocon Ltd BioLingus AG BioRestorative Therapies Inc Biozeus Biscayne Pharmaceuticals Inc Boehringer Ingelheim GmbH Boston Therapeutics Inc Braasch Biotech LLC Bristol-Myers Squibb Company C4X Discovery Holdings PLC Cadila Pharmaceuticals Ltd Cardax Inc Carmot Therapeutics Inc Celon Pharma SA Chipscreen Biosciences Ltd Chong Kun Dang Pharmaceutical Corp CJ HealthCare Corp CohBar Inc Concenter BioPharma Silkim Ltd ConjuChem LLC Connexios Life Sciences Pvt Ltd ConSynance Therapeutics Inc Corium International Inc CSL Ltd CureDM Inc CymaBay Therapeutics Inc Daewoong Pharmaceutical Co Ltd Daiichi Sankyo Company Ltd Dance Biopharm Inc Delpor Inc Diabetology (Products) Ltd DiaMedica Therapeutics Inc Diamyd Medical AB Diasome Pharmaceuticals Inc DiscoveryBiomed Inc DNJ Pharma Inc Dong-A Socio Holdings Co Ltd Elcelyx Therapeutics Inc Eli Lilly and Company Enteris BioPharma Inc Enzo Biochem Inc Epichem Pty Ltd Esperion Therapeutics Inc Eternygen GmbH Evotec AG F. Hoffmann-La Roche Ltd Generex Biotechnology Corp Genexine Inc Genfit SA Genmedica Therapeutics SL Genovate Biotechnology Co LTD Geropharm LLC Gilead Sciences Inc GlaxoSmithKline Plc Glide Pharmaceutical Technologies Ltd Glucox Biotech AB GW Pharmaceuticals Plc Hadasit Medical Research Services & Development Ltd HanAll Biopharma Co Ltd Hanmi Pharmaceuticals Co Ltd Heptares Therapeutics Ltd HitGen LTD Hyundai Pharmaceutical Co Ltd Immuron Ltd Innopharmax Inc Innovative Targeting Solutions Inc Intarcia Therapeutics Inc Intas Pharmaceuticals Ltd Integral Molecular Inc Intercept Pharmaceuticals Inc Intrexon Corp Ionis Pharmaceuticals Inc Ironwood Pharmaceuticals Inc Islet Sciences Inc Japan Tobacco Inc Jeil Pharmaceutical Co Ltd Jenrin Discovery Inc JHL Biotech Inc Jiangsu Hansoh Pharmaceutical Group Co Ltd Jiangsu Hengrui Medicine Co Ltd Johnson & Johnson Kadimastem Ltd Kadmon Corp LLC Kareus Therapeutics SA Kissei Pharmaceutical Co Ltd Lead Discovery Center GmbH Leading BioSciences Inc Lexicon Pharmaceuticals Inc LG Chem, Ltd. Ligand Pharmaceuticals Inc LipimetiX Development Inc Lonestar Heart Inc Longevity Biotech Inc Luye Pharma Group Ltd Magnus Life Ltd Medesis Pharma SA Medestea Research & Production SpA MedImmune LLC Medlab Clinical Ltd Melior Discovery Inc Mellitech SAS Merck & Co Inc Mesoblast Ltd Metabolic Solutions Development Company LLC Metabolys SAS Metacrine Inc Mitsubishi Tanabe Pharma Corp Moderna Therapeutics Inc Naia Ltd Neurimmune Holding AG Neurocrine Biosciences Inc NGM Biopharmaceuticals Inc Nordic Bioscience A/S Novapeutics LLC Novartis AG NovaTarg Therapeutics Inc Novo Nordisk A/S Noxxon Pharma AG Omeros Corp OPKO Biologics Ltd OPKO Health Inc Oramed Pharmaceuticals Inc Paras Biopharmaceuticals Finland Oy Peptron Inc Pfizer Inc PharmaCyte Biotech Inc PharmaIN Corp Pila Pharma AB Poxel SA Prometheon Pharma LLC ProMetic Life Sciences Inc Purzer Pharmaceutical Co Ltd Reata Pharmaceuticals Inc ReCyte Therapeutics Inc reMYND NV Renova Therapeutics Inc Reset Therapeutics Inc Saniona AB Sanofi Sanwa Kagaku Kenkyusho Co Ltd SATT Conectus Alsace SAS SBI Pharmaceuticals Co Ltd Seres Therapeutics Inc Serodus ASA Serometrix LLC Sevion Therapeutics Inc Shenzhen HighTide Biopharmaceutical Ltd Shionogi & Co Ltd Sihuan Pharmaceutical Holdings Group Ltd Sirona Biochem Corp SJT Molecular Research SL SK Chemicals Co Ltd Sprint Bioscience AB Sumitomo Dainippon Pharma Co Ltd Taisho Pharmaceutical Holdings Co Ltd Takeda Pharmaceutical Company Ltd Tasly Pharmaceutical Group Co Ltd Teijin Pharma Ltd The Medicines Company Theracos Inc Thermalin Diabetes LLC Toray Industries Inc Torrent Pharmaceuticals Ltd Transgene Biotek Ltd TTY Biopharm Company Ltd Uni-Bio Science Group Ltd Valeant Pharmaceuticals International Inc ViaCyte Inc Vichem Chemie Research Ltd Vicore Pharma AB Viking Therapeutics Inc Vivus Inc vTv Therapeutics Inc Vybion Inc XBiotech Inc Xenetic Biosciences Inc XL-protein GmbH XOMA Corp XuanZhu Pharma Co Ltd Yuhan Corp Yungjin Pharm Co Ltd Zafgen Inc Zealand Pharma AS Zensun (Shanghai) Sci & Tech Co Ltd Zydus Cadila Healthcare Ltd For any enquires before buying, connect with us @ enquiry@orbisresearch.com About Us: Orbis Research (orbisresearch.com) is a single point aid for all your market research requirements. We have vast database of reports from the leading publishers and authors across the globe. We specialize in delivering customized reports as per the requirements of our clients. We have complete information about our publishers and hence are sure about the accuracy of the industries and verticals of their specialization. This helps our clients to map their needs and we produce the perfect required market research study for our clients. Contact Us: Hector Costello Senior Manager – Client Engagements 4144N Central Expressway, Suite 600, Dallas, Texas – 75204, U.S.A. Phone No.: +1 (214) 884-6817; +912064101019 For more information contact sales@orbisresearch.com CategoriesGoogle News, Satellite, satPRnews Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Osteonecrosis Market Therapeutic Pipeline H1 2017, Major Key Analysis Next PostNext Pipeline Review of Secondary (Hypogonadotropic) Hypogonadism Market H1 2017 – Orbis Research Posted on 2 June 2017 by Rahul Jadhav H1 2017 Type 2 Diabetes Industry Pipeline Review Size, Share, Trend and Analysis Research Study Latest niche market research study on “H1 Type 2 Diabetes Market Pipeline Review 2017 ” Published at Orbisresearch.com Type 2 Diabetes – Pipeline Review, H1 2017, provides an overview of the Type 2 Diabetes (Metabolic Disorders) pipeline landscape. Type 2 diabetes is a chronic condition and is the most common form of diabetes. High levels of glucose are a characteristic feature. The body might become resistant to insulin or may not produce enough amounts. Due to abnormal insulin functioning, glucose is concentrated in the blood leading to elevated levels and hence causing type 2 diabetes. Symptoms include fatigue, weight issues, vision deficits and various other effects. Risk factors include family history, age, obesity, physical inactivity and high blood pressure. This condition is handled by lifestyle alterations and regular medications. Request a sample of this report @ http://www.orbisresearch.com/contacts/request-sample/309991 . Report Highlights Global Markets Direct’s Pharmaceutical and Healthcare latest pipeline guide Type 2 Diabetes – Pipeline Review, H1 2017, provides comprehensive information on the therapeutics under development for Type 2 Diabetes (Metabolic Disorders), complete with analysis by stage of development, drug target, mechanism of action (MoA), route of administration (RoA) and molecule type. The guide covers the descriptive pharmacological action of the therapeutics, its complete research and development history and latest news and press releases. The Type 2 Diabetes (Metabolic Disorders) pipeline guide also reviews of key players involved in therapeutic development for Type 2 Diabetes and features dormant and discontinued projects. The guide covers therapeutics under Development by Companies /Universities /Institutes, the molecules developed by Companies in Pre-Registration, Filing rejected/Withdrawn, Phase III, Phase II, Phase I, IND/CTA Filed, Preclinical, Discovery and Unknown stages are 14, 1, 25, 68, 64, 5, 250, 75 and 6 respectively. Similarly, the Universities portfolio in Phase II, Phase I, IND/CTA Filed, Preclinical and Discovery stages comprises 1, 1, 1, 62 and 22 molecules, respectively. Type 2 Diabetes (Metabolic Disorders) pipeline guide helps in identifying and tracking emerging players in the market and their portfolios, enhances decision making capabilities and helps to create effective counter strategies to gain competitive advantage. The guide is built using data and information sourced from Global Markets Direct’s proprietary databases, company/university websites, clinical trial registries, conferences, SEC filings, investor presentations and featured press releases from company/university sites and industry-specific third party sources. Additionally, various dynamic tracking processes ensure that the most recent developments are captured on a real time basis. Browse the full report @ http://www.orbisresearch.com/reports/index/type-2-diabetes-pipeline-review-h1-2017 . Scope – The pipeline guide provides a snapshot of the global therapeutic landscape of Type 2 Diabetes (Metabolic Disorders). – The pipeline guide reviews pipeline therapeutics for Type 2 Diabetes (Metabolic Disorders) by companies and universities/research institutes based on information derived from company and industry-specific sources. – The pipeline guide covers pipeline products based on several stages of development ranging from pre-registration till discovery and undisclosed stages. – The pipeline guide features descriptive drug profiles for the pipeline products which comprise, product description, descriptive licensing and collaboration details, R&D brief, MoA & other developmental activities. – The pipeline guide reviews key companies involved in Type 2 Diabetes (Metabolic Disorders) therapeutics and enlists all their major and minor projects. – The pipeline guide evaluates Type 2 Diabetes (Metabolic Disorders) therapeutics based on mechanism of action (MoA), drug target, route of administration (RoA) and molecule type. – The pipeline guide encapsulates all the dormant and discontinued pipeline projects. – The pipeline guide reviews latest news related to pipeline therapeutics for Type 2 Diabetes (Metabolic Disorders) Reasons to buy – Procure strategically important competitor information, analysis, and insights to formulate effective R&D strategies. – Recognize emerging players with potentially strong product portfolio and create effective counter-strategies to gain competitive advantage. – Find and recognize significant and varied types of therapeutics under development for Type 2 Diabetes (Metabolic Disorders). – Classify potential new clients or partners in the target demographic. – Develop tactical initiatives by understanding the focus areas of leading companies. – Plan mergers and acquisitions meritoriously by identifying key players and it’s most promising pipeline therapeutics. – Formulate corrective measures for pipeline projects by understanding Type 2 Diabetes (Metabolic Disorders) pipeline depth and focus of Indication therapeutics. – Develop and design in-licensing and out-licensing strategies by identifying prospective partners with the most attractive projects to enhance and expand business potential and scope. – Adjust the therapeutic portfolio by recognizing discontinued projects and understand from the know-how what drove them from pipeline. Purchase a copy of this report @ http://www.orbisresearch.com/contact/purchase/309991 . Companies Mentioned 4P Therapeutics LLC Addex Therapeutics Ltd Adocia Advinus Therapeutics Ltd Aegis Therapeutics LLC AFFiRiS AG Alize Pharma SAS Allergan Plc Alteogen Inc Amarantus Bioscience Holdings Inc Amgen Inc Anchor Therapeutics Inc AntriaBio Inc Aphios Corp Araim Pharmaceuticals Inc Arena Pharmaceuticals Inc Arisaph Pharmaceuticals Inc ArisGen SA Astellas Pharma Inc AstraZeneca Plc AusBio Ltd Avadel Pharmaceuticals Plc Bayer AG Beta-Cell NV Betagenon AB Betta Pharmaceuticals Co Ltd Biocon Ltd BioLingus AG BioRestorative Therapies Inc Biozeus Biscayne Pharmaceuticals Inc Boehringer Ingelheim GmbH Boston Therapeutics Inc Braasch Biotech LLC Bristol-Myers Squibb Company C4X Discovery Holdings PLC Cadila Pharmaceuticals Ltd Cardax Inc Carmot Therapeutics Inc Celon Pharma SA Chipscreen Biosciences Ltd Chong Kun Dang Pharmaceutical Corp CJ HealthCare Corp CohBar Inc Concenter BioPharma Silkim Ltd ConjuChem LLC Connexios Life Sciences Pvt Ltd ConSynance Therapeutics Inc Corium International Inc CSL Ltd CureDM Inc CymaBay Therapeutics Inc Daewoong Pharmaceutical Co Ltd Daiichi Sankyo Company Ltd Dance Biopharm Inc Delpor Inc Diabetology (Products) Ltd DiaMedica Therapeutics Inc Diamyd Medical AB Diasome Pharmaceuticals Inc DiscoveryBiomed Inc DNJ Pharma Inc Dong-A Socio Holdings Co Ltd Elcelyx Therapeutics Inc Eli Lilly and Company Enteris BioPharma Inc Enzo Biochem Inc Epichem Pty Ltd Esperion Therapeutics Inc Eternygen GmbH Evotec AG F. Hoffmann-La Roche Ltd Generex Biotechnology Corp Genexine Inc Genfit SA Genmedica Therapeutics SL Genovate Biotechnology Co LTD Geropharm LLC Gilead Sciences Inc GlaxoSmithKline Plc Glide Pharmaceutical Technologies Ltd Glucox Biotech AB GW Pharmaceuticals Plc Hadasit Medical Research Services & Development Ltd HanAll Biopharma Co Ltd Hanmi Pharmaceuticals Co Ltd Heptares Therapeutics Ltd HitGen LTD Hyundai Pharmaceutical Co Ltd Immuron Ltd Innopharmax Inc Innovative Targeting Solutions Inc Intarcia Therapeutics Inc Intas Pharmaceuticals Ltd Integral Molecular Inc Intercept Pharmaceuticals Inc Intrexon Corp Ionis Pharmaceuticals Inc Ironwood Pharmaceuticals Inc Islet Sciences Inc Japan Tobacco Inc Jeil Pharmaceutical Co Ltd Jenrin Discovery Inc JHL Biotech Inc Jiangsu Hansoh Pharmaceutical Group Co Ltd Jiangsu Hengrui Medicine Co Ltd Johnson & Johnson Kadimastem Ltd Kadmon Corp LLC Kareus Therapeutics SA Kissei Pharmaceutical Co Ltd Lead Discovery Center GmbH Leading BioSciences Inc Lexicon Pharmaceuticals Inc LG Chem, Ltd. Ligand Pharmaceuticals Inc LipimetiX Development Inc Lonestar Heart Inc Longevity Biotech Inc Luye Pharma Group Ltd Magnus Life Ltd Medesis Pharma SA Medestea Research & Production SpA MedImmune LLC Medlab Clinical Ltd Melior Discovery Inc Mellitech SAS Merck & Co Inc Mesoblast Ltd Metabolic Solutions Development Company LLC Metabolys SAS Metacrine Inc Mitsubishi Tanabe Pharma Corp Moderna Therapeutics Inc Naia Ltd Neurimmune Holding AG Neurocrine Biosciences Inc NGM Biopharmaceuticals Inc Nordic Bioscience A/S Novapeutics LLC Novartis AG NovaTarg Therapeutics Inc Novo Nordisk A/S Noxxon Pharma AG Omeros Corp OPKO Biologics Ltd OPKO Health Inc Oramed Pharmaceuticals Inc Paras Biopharmaceuticals Finland Oy Peptron Inc Pfizer Inc PharmaCyte Biotech Inc PharmaIN Corp Pila Pharma AB Poxel SA Prometheon Pharma LLC ProMetic Life Sciences Inc Purzer Pharmaceutical Co Ltd Reata Pharmaceuticals Inc ReCyte Therapeutics Inc reMYND NV Renova Therapeutics Inc Reset Therapeutics Inc Saniona AB Sanofi Sanwa Kagaku Kenkyusho Co Ltd SATT Conectus Alsace SAS SBI Pharmaceuticals Co Ltd Seres Therapeutics Inc Serodus ASA Serometrix LLC Sevion Therapeutics Inc Shenzhen HighTide Biopharmaceutical Ltd Shionogi & Co Ltd Sihuan Pharmaceutical Holdings Group Ltd Sirona Biochem Corp SJT Molecular Research SL SK Chemicals Co Ltd Sprint Bioscience AB Sumitomo Dainippon Pharma Co Ltd Taisho Pharmaceutical Holdings Co Ltd Takeda Pharmaceutical Company Ltd Tasly Pharmaceutical Group Co Ltd Teijin Pharma Ltd The Medicines Company Theracos Inc Thermalin Diabetes LLC Toray Industries Inc Torrent Pharmaceuticals Ltd Transgene Biotek Ltd TTY Biopharm Company Ltd Uni-Bio Science Group Ltd Valeant Pharmaceuticals International Inc ViaCyte Inc Vichem Chemie Research Ltd Vicore Pharma AB Viking Therapeutics Inc Vivus Inc vTv Therapeutics Inc Vybion Inc XBiotech Inc Xenetic Biosciences Inc XL-protein GmbH XOMA Corp XuanZhu Pharma Co Ltd Yuhan Corp Yungjin Pharm Co Ltd Zafgen Inc Zealand Pharma AS Zensun (Shanghai) Sci & Tech Co Ltd Zydus Cadila Healthcare Ltd For any enquires before buying, connect with us @ enquiry@orbisresearch.com About Us: Orbis Research (orbisresearch.com) is a single point aid for all your market research requirements. We have vast database of reports from the leading publishers and authors across the globe. We specialize in delivering customized reports as per the requirements of our clients. We have complete information about our publishers and hence are sure about the accuracy of the industries and verticals of their specialization. This helps our clients to map their needs and we produce the perfect required market research study for our clients. Contact Us: Hector Costello Senior Manager – Client Engagements 4144N Central Expressway, Suite 600, Dallas, Texas – 75204, U.S.A. Phone No.: +1 (214) 884-6817; +912064101019 For more information contact sales@orbisresearch.com CategoriesGoogle News, Satellite, satPRnews Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Osteonecrosis Market Therapeutic Pipeline H1 2017, Major Key Analysis Next PostNext Pipeline Review of Secondary (Hypogonadotropic) Hypogonadism Market H1 2017 – Orbis Research Search Recent Posts Ion Exchange Resins Market expected to grow at a CAGR of 5.4% from 2016 – 2026 Asia-Pacific STV Stevia Market Research Report 2017 to 2022 Global Methionine Market Analysis- Size, Share, overview, scope, Revenue, Gross Margin, Segment and Forecast 2017 IBM Research Alliance Builds New Transistor for 5nm Technology Mobile Phone Accessories Market will reach at a CAGR of 6.9% from 2015 to 2025 Business Directory Business Contacts Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Proudly powered by WordPress
Home Business All Companies Enterprise Comms Start-ups Discovery All Innovation Machines Earth Science Careers All Advice People Employers Jobs Life All Trending Gear Play Video All More Subscribe Advertise About Contact us BUSINESS DISCOVERY CAREERS LIFE VIDEO MORE Tweet Share Email ALL COMPANIES ENTERPRISE COMMS START-UPS The countdown is on to Ireland’s sci-tech extravaganza, Inspirefest 2017 Time running out to get your hands on Inspirefest early bird tickets Construction begins on €500m Limerick Twenty Thirty development Dave, technology and the power of people Is UX the new ‘going to the gym’? Weekend takeaway: Recognising sci-tech’s finest Armed with improving revenues, Spotify could float by end of year ‘I want my daughters to grow up in a country that treats them with respect’ Tech giants in uproar as Trump pulls US out of Paris climate agreement New images show plans for Google’s massive, futuristic London campus 17 reasons not to miss Inspirefest 2017, an essential sci-tech experience Nest wants more than just heat control, it wants security, too Fenergo’s Niall Twomey: ‘How often does IT have to say no?’ Qualcomm’s next-gen charger is fitter, stronger, faster Connecting the data dots for the future of healthcare Stripe launches Sigma to help e-commerce players analyse revenue Insurers could really slip up over cybersecurity risks How an evolving data ecosystem is transforming the healthcare industry EU reveals €120m plan to provide free wireless internet in 8,000 public places Economic impact of Virgin owner’s European broadband network reaches €7bn Five firms win Ireland’s first 5G licenses in €78m auction Three U-turn sees roaming data limits bumped back up Death of net neutrality in America: FCC votes for internet fast and slow lanes Eir wants to shake up mobile market with new Wi-Fi Calling service Who dares, scales: NDRC winners and judges emphasise sales Cork company raises €2.2m to fight against infectious disease New age of retail sees multiple start-ups raise funding Breastfeeding app Coroflo wins Dublin leg of Voom tour Recruitment AI start-up Opening.io bags €30,000 at NDRC Investor Day Lust for life sciences: 24 start-ups that will send investor pulses racing ALL INNOVATION MACHINES EARTH SCIENCE David Puttnam steps down from role as Irish digital champion Doodling and maths: A matter of black and white Can you divide up the music budget evenly using maths? Ireland’s Edge line-up revealed ahead of Dingle STEAM showcase A game of two halves, but maths will be the real winner Can you logic your way to €1m? Weekend takeaway: A design for life sciences It’s like we’re trying to create teenage mutant ninja turtles … DCU scientists discover new role for opiates in DNA binding Regeneron: Injecting life back into Limerick business Third gravitational wave detected, revealing massive black hole collision Ireland’s unique population could cure a world of health problems Team develops first blockchain that can’t be hacked by quantum computer How can Bluetooth benefit the healthcare system? Autonomous driving sector could create new $7trn ‘passenger economy’ New ‘miracle material’ could spell the end of cracked smartphone screens 8 simple rules for integrating usability into your medical device Citizen brain: How medtech is helping us keep our heads How many people could live on Earth? Forget a climate shift in centuries, more like decades, climatologists claim WeForest doubles crowdfunding target to empower Indian village World awaits birth of ‘baby dragons’ in Slovenia Gold and platinum discovered in south-east Irish streams The bees are still in trouble, so we are too ALL ADVICE PEOPLE EMPLOYERS JOBS Here’s everything you need to know to land a career in life sciences Reach for the stars with space events in Cork throughout the summer Irish people cast shade on poor digital skills taught in schools What makes Ireland the perfect place for biopharma? The talent How to bring more talent into the world of life sciences What will working in biopharma look like in the future? How to build a biopharma career in 5 easy(ish) steps Want to work in biopharma? Here’s what you need to study 9 tips to kick-start an amazing software developer career Have your team’s stress levels reached breaking point? How to become a web developer later in life 4 ways to wow with your interview presentation ‘The future of biopharma looks bright and promising’ How will green exercise change your life? From Mice to Men: An insider look at the world of clinical trials From student to CEO: The Cork scientist tackling a new adventure The new gold standard: How will the latest research prevent aneurysms? 10 people to follow if you want a career in life sciences 6 top international companies hiring in data right now How do companies ensure diversity in their workforce? 6 companies hiring in fintech right now 7 US companies hiring in Ireland right now 7 of the coolest science jobs in the world Thinking about a career in marketing? An analytical mind is helpful Do you know where your life sciences degree will take you? BMS: ‘We’re looking for the best and brightest talent’ Almost 850 biopharma jobs announced so far this year 9 top companies hiring in biopharma right now How can you make your career matter? Spend it saving lives Google’s new job search tool already seen in the wild ALL GEAR PLAY TRENDING What app did you use at Guns N’ Roses? Probably Snapchat Google: You can check out any time you like, but you can never leave Palm-sized drone, perfect for selfies – haven’t we heard this before? Should you pee on a jellyfish sting? It might not be the best idea … Smartphones ‘biggest challenge’ facing teachers, many students ‘addicted’ WHO study finds kids’ use of technology is wreaking havoc on their health Ireland and rest of Europe can now ‘Snap’ up Spectacles online Google reveals new GIF maker, for journalists not in a rush Beneath the Surface: Microsoft is now making its own silicon This clever mapping tool is a must for An Post Rás enthusiasts Refurb of the Mac: Apple to ramp up processing power in new MacBooks Proposed ban on ‘unrestricted’ smartphones for kids discussed Another nail in TV’s coffin: YouTube to produce 7 original series this year YouTube reveals new Material Design desktop site E-sports champions will now get medals at 2022 Asian Games Well, well, well, YouTube finally gets serious about live TV Netflix to tailor future original series to suit smartphones Could The Matrix be making a comeback to our screens? While we were laughing at ‘covfefe’, millions of Twitter bots joined Trump’s ranks Carnage in Manchester: Social media captures horror of attack at Ariana Grande concert What is the Antikythera mechanism and why is it so important today? ‘My Happy Robot Tom’ is today’s glorious Google Doodle 13 inspirational women honoured in latest Google Doodle From Ferraris to aircraft carriers: Mind-blowing Lego creations ALL BioPharma Ambition: The convergence of manufacturing and care Irish exporters must start planning now to continue global growth post-Brexit Liberty IT creates an environment where people love coming to work Jet is looking for talented people to join the team Fraunhofer Project Centre opens at Dublin City University Aon: Where success is built on collaboration and innovation ADVERTISE SUBSCRIBE CONTACT ABOUT VIDEO BioPharma Ambition: The convergence of manufacturing and care by Connor McKenna 2 days ago At BioPharma Ambition 2016, biotech leaders discuss digital transformation and the convergence of manufacturing and care. The inaugural BioPharma Ambition Conference was held in Dublin in September 2016. The Irish Pharmaceutical Healthcare Association, BioPharmaChem Ireland and the National Institute for Bioprocessing Research and Training (NIBRT) hosted the multi-platform event at four locations over two days, bringing together international policy leaders, renowned researchers and senior industry personnel. Chaired by PwC’s Johnathon Marshall, a panel discussion entitled, ‘From lab to bedside in the future: The convergence of manufacturing and care’, discussed digital transformation of the biotech and pharma industries, and the implications for patient care. Speaking on this panel were Dr Gerard Fox, senior director and head of Calico collaboration at AbbVie; Dr Bernadette Doyle, vice-president of global technical and NPI, global manufacturing and supply at GlaxoSmithKline; Dr Mike Thien, SVP of global technology and commercialisation at MSD; and Prof Charles Cooney, FT Haslam professor of chemical engineering at Massachusetts Institute of Technology. BioPharma Ambition returns to Dublin in February 2018. Words by Elaine Burke Related: MIT, biotech, PwC, MSD, Pharma Connor Mc Kenna, head of AV department, camera operator and editor for Siliconrepublic.com. Most likely to be heard saying, "Viral videos make me sick." editorial@siliconrepublic.com You May Also Like You May Also Like Careers Here’s everything you need to know to land a career in life sciences 1 day ago10 Shares Hiring Now Helping the world be well. Work for what matters. Life-changing career opportunities for you 2016 Graduate Employer of the Year Always at the cutting edge of new innovation Fidelity International: A truly unique proposition Advice ‘Do what you love – you have to want to go to work in the morning’ 18 Apr 201724 Shares Careers How will your career evolve as the fintech sector grows? 28 Apr 201718 Shares SUBSCRIBE TO OUR E-ZINE Sign up to receive weekly alerts bringing the best of Siliconrepublic.com straight to your inbox. Submit Email Jobs Almost 850 biopharma jobs announced so far this year 4 days ago96 Shares Careers Ireland is a home for 24 of the world’s top biotech and pharma companies 6 days ago952 Shares Jobs Opportunities in biopharma abound at NIBRT careers event 2 May 2017123 Shares Latest Videos BioPharma Ambition: The convergence of manufacturing and care 2 days ago Irish exporters must start planning now to continue global growth post-Brexit 18 May 2017 Liberty IT creates an environment where people love coming to work 17 May 2017 Jet is looking for talented people to join the team 16 May 2017 Fraunhofer Project Centre opens at Dublin City University 15 May 2017 Aon: Where success is built on collaboration and innovation 21 Apr 2017 What are the biggest cybersecurity trends right now? 17 Apr 2017 ‘We live and die by our client relationships’ 14 Apr 2017 More from Video Latest Videos Home About Contact Advertise Subscribe Privacy Policy All content copyright 2002-2017 Silicon Republic Knowledge & Events Management Ltd. Reproduction without explicit permission is prohibited. All rights reserved. Designed by Zero-G and Square1.io Silicon Republic Cookies Policy Our Website uses cookies to improve your experience. Please visit our Privacy Policy page for more information about cookies and how we use them. Close
Today: June 5, 2017, 6:46 am ﻿ HOME SIGN UP! NEW PRESS RELEASE CATEGORIES Your current selected language is German Click below to switsch to English ﻿ HOME SIGN UP! NEW PRESS RELEASE CATEGORIES ﻿ Health Geriatric Medicines Market is Expected to Reach US$948 Bn by 2023 Due to Rise in Aging Population Global geriatric medicines market was valued at US$ 504.7 billion in 2014, expected to grow at a CAGR of 7.3 % from 2015 to 2023, to reach an estimated value of US$ 948 bn in 2023 Geriatric Medicines Market PR-Inside.com: 2017-06-02 09:21:48 Geriatric medicine is concerned with the specialist medical care of the frail older individual, and in the promotion of better health in old age. It mainly deals with the prevention, diagnosis, treatment, remedial and social aspects of illness in older people, mainly patients over 65 years of age. The incidence of diseases such as neurological disorder, cancer, rheumatoid arthritis, cardiovascular disorder, and increased use of multiple medicines (polypharmacy) are often leading to medicine-related problems, hence these are augmenting the market for geriatric medicine. The geriatric medicine market is expanding at a promising growth rate globally owing to the rising pace of the aging population, growing prevalence of the chronic diseases, and increased investment in the national healthcare system (developing economies). However, lack of specialized care centers and hospital units could hamper market growth from 2015 to 2023. Browse through Geriatric Medicines Market report to know what factors will shape the market by 2023: www.transparencymarketresearch.com/geriatric-medicine-market.htm .. On the basis of therapeutic category the geriatric medicines market is categorized into segments namely: analgesic, antihypertensive, statins, antidiabetic, proton pump inhibitor, anticoagulant, antipsychotic, and others. Among these segments, analgesic accounted for the largest market share in 2014 in terms of revenue and continues to dominate the market during the forecast period. It is approximately estimated that 60%–75% of people over the age group of 65 are reported with at least some persistent pain, the most frequent pain complaints among older people are osteoarthritic back pain, especially in the low back pain, musculoskeletal pain, peripheral neuropathic pain, and chronic joint pain. The leadership of this segment is attributed due to increase in the chronic diseases, favorable government initiatives toward geriatrics and increase in health care infrastructure is likely to boost market growth. Statin is considered to be second-line treatment for cardiovascular disorders and diabetes. Hence, increased incidence of heart attacks, stroke, rheumatoid heart disease, change in lifestyle, and obesity is expected to accelerate market growth in the near future. On the basis of condition the geriatric medicines market is segmented into cardiovascular, arthritis, neurological, cancer, osteoporosis, respiratory, and others. Cardiovascular holds the largest market share in 2014 in terms of revenue and continues to lead during the forecast period. The total number of inpatient for cardiovascular operations and procedures has increased by 28% from 2000 to 2012 as per the National Heart, Lung, and Blood Institute. With the rising aging population and obesity increases the risk of heart attacks and strokes support the growth of this segment. Get accurate market forecast and analysis on the Geriatric Medicines Market. Request a sample to stay abreast on the key trends impacting this market: www.transparencymarketresearch.com/sample/sample.php?flag=S&rep_ .. Abbott Laboratories, Inc., AstraZeneca plc, Boehringer Ingelheim GmbH, Bristol-Myers Squibb Company, Eli Lilly and Company, GlaxoSmithKline Plc., Merck & Company Inc., Novartis AG, Pfizer, Inc., and Sanofi S.A are some of the major players operating in the global geriatric medicines market. US Office Contact 90 State Street, Suite 700 Albany, NY 12207 Tel: +1-518-618-1030 USA - Canada Toll Free: 866-552-3453 Email: sales@transparencymarketresearch.com Website: www.transparencymarketresearch.com/ Press Information Transparency Market Research 90 State Street, Suite 700 Albany, NY 12207 Rohit Bhisey Head – Internet Marketing +1-518-618-1030 email www.transparencymarketresearch.com/geriatric-medicine-market.htm .. # 537 Words Related Articles More From The Author Telepathology Service Market By Key Trends and [..] Telepathology Service Market: Overview Telepathology refers to the electronic transmission of high quality pathological data [..] Medical Oxygen Concentrators Market Outlook and Forecast [..] Medical Oxygen Concentrators Market: Snapshot The global medical oxygen concentrators market is currently being driven by the [..] Phototherapy Equipment Market will reach US$603.2 mn [..] Global Phototherapy Equipment Market: Overview The report on the phototherapy equipment market analyzes the current and future [..] Vial Adaptors for Reconstitution Drug Market By [..] Global Vial Adaptors for Reconstitution Drug Market: Snapshot The global market for vial adaptors for reconstitution drugs has [..] Multiplexed Diagnostics Market is projected to reach [..] Global Multiplexed Diagnostics Market: Snapshot The growth of private and public funding in the fields of genomics and personalized medicineis [..]   More From Health Global and Chinese 5-Aminosalicylic acid Industry Market [..] HTF Market Intelligence released a new research report of 150 pages on title 'Global and Chinese 5-Aminosalicylic acid (CAS 89-57-6) [..] New Silkroutes Group to Acquire Dental Businesses [..] Expected to be completed by 31 July 2017, acquisitions will bolster capabilities of NSG's 51%-owned healthcare practice group, [..] HKBU Chinese Medicine Scholars Conduct Research in [..] HONG KONG, May 18, 2017 - (ACN Newswire) - The School of Chinese Medicine (SCM) of Hong Kong Baptist University [..] Professor Borody calls for a National Australian [..] SYDNEY, AU., May 19, 2017 - (ACN Newswire) - Faecal Microbiota Transplantation (FMT) leader Professor Thomas Borody (MD, PhD) [..] Singapore eDevelopment Subsidiary Initiates Research on [..] - Nobel Prize nominee Daryl Thompson to lead research, conducted by Global BioLife Inc., supported by Charles River Laboratories - [..] Disclaimer: If you have any questions regarding information in this press release please contact the company added in the press release. Please do not contact pr-inside. We will not be able to assist you. PR-inside disclaims the content included in this release. ﻿ Home Sign Up! New Press Release Categories Terms Of Service Privacy About Us Contact Us                
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 2 June 2017 by Rahul Jadhav 2017 Ankylosing Spondylitis (Bekhterev’s Disease) H1 Market Pipeline Review Size, Share, Analysis Report Orbisreserach.Com Adds “H1 Ankylosing Spondylitis (Bekhterev’s Disease) Market Pipeline Review 2017 Trend Analysis Report Report” To Its Research Database Ankylosing Spondylitis (Bekhterev’s Disease) – Pipeline Review, H1 2017, provides an overview of the Ankylosing Spondylitis (Bekhterev’s Disease) (Musculoskeletal Disorders) pipeline landscape. Ankylosing spondylitis is a type of arthritis that affects the spine. Ankylosing spondylitis symptoms include pain and stiffness from the neck down to the lower back. The spine’s bones (vertebrae) may grow or fuse together, resulting in a rigid spine. These changes may be mild or severe, and may lead to a stooped-over posture. Request a sample of this report @ http://www.orbisresearch.com/contacts/request-sample/309998 . Report Highlights Global Markets Direct’s Pharmaceutical and Healthcare latest pipeline guide Ankylosing Spondylitis (Bekhterev’s Disease) – Pipeline Review, H1 2017, provides comprehensive information on the therapeutics under development for Ankylosing Spondylitis (Bekhterev’s Disease) (Musculoskeletal Disorders), complete with analysis by stage of development, drug target, mechanism of action (MoA), route of administration (RoA) and molecule type. The guide covers the descriptive pharmacological action of the therapeutics, its complete research and development history and latest news and press releases. The Ankylosing Spondylitis (Bekhterev’s Disease) (Musculoskeletal Disorders) pipeline guide also reviews of key players involved in therapeutic development for Ankylosing Spondylitis (Bekhterev’s Disease) and features dormant and discontinued projects. The guide covers therapeutics under Development by Companies /Universities /Institutes, the molecules developed by Companies in Pre-Registration, Phase III, Phase II, Phase I, IND/CTA Filed, Preclinical, Discovery and Unknown stages are 6, 6, 5, 10, 1, 13, 6 and 3 respectively. Ankylosing Spondylitis (Bekhterev’s Disease) (Musculoskeletal Disorders) pipeline guide helps in identifying and tracking emerging players in the market and their portfolios, enhances decision making capabilities and helps to create effective counter strategies to gain competitive advantage. The guide is built using data and information sourced from Global Markets Direct’s proprietary databases, company/university websites, clinical trial registries, conferences, SEC filings, investor presentations and featured press releases from company/university sites and industry-specific third party sources. Additionally, various dynamic tracking processes ensure that the most recent developments are captured on a real time basis. Browse the full report @ http://www.orbisresearch.com/reports/index/ankylosing-spondylitis-bekhterevs-disease-pipeline-review-h1-2017 . Scope – The pipeline guide provides a snapshot of the global therapeutic landscape of Ankylosing Spondylitis (Bekhterev’s Disease) (Musculoskeletal Disorders). – The pipeline guide reviews pipeline therapeutics for Ankylosing Spondylitis (Bekhterev’s Disease) (Musculoskeletal Disorders) by companies and universities/research institutes based on information derived from company and industry-specific sources. – The pipeline guide covers pipeline products based on several stages of development ranging from pre-registration till discovery and undisclosed stages. – The pipeline guide features descriptive drug profiles for the pipeline products which comprise, product description, descriptive licensing and collaboration details, R&D brief, MoA & other developmental activities. – The pipeline guide reviews key companies involved in Ankylosing Spondylitis (Bekhterev’s Disease) (Musculoskeletal Disorders) therapeutics and enlists all their major and minor projects. – The pipeline guide evaluates Ankylosing Spondylitis (Bekhterev’s Disease) (Musculoskeletal Disorders) therapeutics based on mechanism of action (MoA), drug target, route of administration (RoA) and molecule type. – The pipeline guide encapsulates all the dormant and discontinued pipeline projects. – The pipeline guide reviews latest news related to pipeline therapeutics for Ankylosing Spondylitis (Bekhterev’s Disease) (Musculoskeletal Disorders) Reasons to buy – Procure strategically important competitor information, analysis, and insights to formulate effective R&D strategies. – Recognize emerging players with potentially strong product portfolio and create effective counter-strategies to gain competitive advantage. – Find and recognize significant and varied types of therapeutics under development for Ankylosing Spondylitis (Bekhterev’s Disease) (Musculoskeletal Disorders). – Classify potential new clients or partners in the target demographic. – Develop tactical initiatives by understanding the focus areas of leading companies. – Plan mergers and acquisitions meritoriously by identifying key players and it’s most promising pipeline therapeutics. – Formulate corrective measures for pipeline projects by understanding Ankylosing Spondylitis (Bekhterev’s Disease) (Musculoskeletal Disorders) pipeline depth and focus of Indication therapeutics. – Develop and design in-licensing and out-licensing strategies by identifying prospective partners with the most attractive projects to enhance and expand business potential and scope. – Adjust the therapeutic portfolio by recognizing discontinued projects and understand from the know-how what drove them from pipeline. Purchase a copy of this report @ http://www.orbisresearch.com/contact/purchase/309998 . Companies Mentioned AbbVie Inc Adello Biologics LLC Allergan Plc Alteogen Inc Amgen Inc Biocad Biocon Ltd Bionovis SA Celgene Corp Coherus BioSciences Inc Galapagos NV Genor BioPharma Co Ltd Immunwork Inc Innovent Biologics Inc Johnson & Johnson Merck KGaA Momenta Pharmaceuticals Inc Mycenax Biotech Inc Novartis AG Oncobiologics Inc Protalix BioTherapeutics Inc Reliance Life Sciences Pvt Ltd Sandoz International GmbH Shanghai Pharmaceutical Co Ltd Sun Pharma Advanced Research Company Ltd UCB SA Xbrane Biopharma AB For any enquires before buying, connect with us @ enquiry@orbisresearch.com About Us: Orbis Research (orbisresearch.com) is a single point aid for all your market research requirements. We have vast database of reports from the leading publishers and authors across the globe. We specialize in delivering customized reports as per the requirements of our clients. We have complete information about our publishers and hence are sure about the accuracy of the industries and verticals of their specialization. This helps our clients to map their needs and we produce the perfect required market research study for our clients. Contact Us: Hector Costello Senior Manager – Client Engagements 4144N Central Expressway, Suite 600, Dallas, Texas – 75204, U.S.A. Phone No.: +1 (214) 884-6817; +912064101019 For more information contact sales@orbisresearch.com CategoriesGoogle News, Satellite, satPRnews Post navigation Previous PostPrevious H1 2017 Axial Spondyloarthritis Market Pipeline Review Next PostNext Hypercholesterolemia Market H1 2017 covering Companies illuminated by New Report Posted on 2 June 2017 by Rahul Jadhav 2017 Ankylosing Spondylitis (Bekhterev’s Disease) H1 Market Pipeline Review Size, Share, Analysis Report Orbisreserach.Com Adds “H1 Ankylosing Spondylitis (Bekhterev’s Disease) Market Pipeline Review 2017 Trend Analysis Report Report” To Its Research Database Ankylosing Spondylitis (Bekhterev’s Disease) – Pipeline Review, H1 2017, provides an overview of the Ankylosing Spondylitis (Bekhterev’s Disease) (Musculoskeletal Disorders) pipeline landscape. Ankylosing spondylitis is a type of arthritis that affects the spine. Ankylosing spondylitis symptoms include pain and stiffness from the neck down to the lower back. The spine’s bones (vertebrae) may grow or fuse together, resulting in a rigid spine. These changes may be mild or severe, and may lead to a stooped-over posture. Request a sample of this report @ http://www.orbisresearch.com/contacts/request-sample/309998 . Report Highlights Global Markets Direct’s Pharmaceutical and Healthcare latest pipeline guide Ankylosing Spondylitis (Bekhterev’s Disease) – Pipeline Review, H1 2017, provides comprehensive information on the therapeutics under development for Ankylosing Spondylitis (Bekhterev’s Disease) (Musculoskeletal Disorders), complete with analysis by stage of development, drug target, mechanism of action (MoA), route of administration (RoA) and molecule type. The guide covers the descriptive pharmacological action of the therapeutics, its complete research and development history and latest news and press releases. The Ankylosing Spondylitis (Bekhterev’s Disease) (Musculoskeletal Disorders) pipeline guide also reviews of key players involved in therapeutic development for Ankylosing Spondylitis (Bekhterev’s Disease) and features dormant and discontinued projects. The guide covers therapeutics under Development by Companies /Universities /Institutes, the molecules developed by Companies in Pre-Registration, Phase III, Phase II, Phase I, IND/CTA Filed, Preclinical, Discovery and Unknown stages are 6, 6, 5, 10, 1, 13, 6 and 3 respectively. Ankylosing Spondylitis (Bekhterev’s Disease) (Musculoskeletal Disorders) pipeline guide helps in identifying and tracking emerging players in the market and their portfolios, enhances decision making capabilities and helps to create effective counter strategies to gain competitive advantage. The guide is built using data and information sourced from Global Markets Direct’s proprietary databases, company/university websites, clinical trial registries, conferences, SEC filings, investor presentations and featured press releases from company/university sites and industry-specific third party sources. Additionally, various dynamic tracking processes ensure that the most recent developments are captured on a real time basis. Browse the full report @ http://www.orbisresearch.com/reports/index/ankylosing-spondylitis-bekhterevs-disease-pipeline-review-h1-2017 . Scope – The pipeline guide provides a snapshot of the global therapeutic landscape of Ankylosing Spondylitis (Bekhterev’s Disease) (Musculoskeletal Disorders). – The pipeline guide reviews pipeline therapeutics for Ankylosing Spondylitis (Bekhterev’s Disease) (Musculoskeletal Disorders) by companies and universities/research institutes based on information derived from company and industry-specific sources. – The pipeline guide covers pipeline products based on several stages of development ranging from pre-registration till discovery and undisclosed stages. – The pipeline guide features descriptive drug profiles for the pipeline products which comprise, product description, descriptive licensing and collaboration details, R&D brief, MoA & other developmental activities. – The pipeline guide reviews key companies involved in Ankylosing Spondylitis (Bekhterev’s Disease) (Musculoskeletal Disorders) therapeutics and enlists all their major and minor projects. – The pipeline guide evaluates Ankylosing Spondylitis (Bekhterev’s Disease) (Musculoskeletal Disorders) therapeutics based on mechanism of action (MoA), drug target, route of administration (RoA) and molecule type. – The pipeline guide encapsulates all the dormant and discontinued pipeline projects. – The pipeline guide reviews latest news related to pipeline therapeutics for Ankylosing Spondylitis (Bekhterev’s Disease) (Musculoskeletal Disorders) Reasons to buy – Procure strategically important competitor information, analysis, and insights to formulate effective R&D strategies. – Recognize emerging players with potentially strong product portfolio and create effective counter-strategies to gain competitive advantage. – Find and recognize significant and varied types of therapeutics under development for Ankylosing Spondylitis (Bekhterev’s Disease) (Musculoskeletal Disorders). – Classify potential new clients or partners in the target demographic. – Develop tactical initiatives by understanding the focus areas of leading companies. – Plan mergers and acquisitions meritoriously by identifying key players and it’s most promising pipeline therapeutics. – Formulate corrective measures for pipeline projects by understanding Ankylosing Spondylitis (Bekhterev’s Disease) (Musculoskeletal Disorders) pipeline depth and focus of Indication therapeutics. – Develop and design in-licensing and out-licensing strategies by identifying prospective partners with the most attractive projects to enhance and expand business potential and scope. – Adjust the therapeutic portfolio by recognizing discontinued projects and understand from the know-how what drove them from pipeline. Purchase a copy of this report @ http://www.orbisresearch.com/contact/purchase/309998 . Companies Mentioned AbbVie Inc Adello Biologics LLC Allergan Plc Alteogen Inc Amgen Inc Biocad Biocon Ltd Bionovis SA Celgene Corp Coherus BioSciences Inc Galapagos NV Genor BioPharma Co Ltd Immunwork Inc Innovent Biologics Inc Johnson & Johnson Merck KGaA Momenta Pharmaceuticals Inc Mycenax Biotech Inc Novartis AG Oncobiologics Inc Protalix BioTherapeutics Inc Reliance Life Sciences Pvt Ltd Sandoz International GmbH Shanghai Pharmaceutical Co Ltd Sun Pharma Advanced Research Company Ltd UCB SA Xbrane Biopharma AB For any enquires before buying, connect with us @ enquiry@orbisresearch.com About Us: Orbis Research (orbisresearch.com) is a single point aid for all your market research requirements. We have vast database of reports from the leading publishers and authors across the globe. We specialize in delivering customized reports as per the requirements of our clients. We have complete information about our publishers and hence are sure about the accuracy of the industries and verticals of their specialization. This helps our clients to map their needs and we produce the perfect required market research study for our clients. Contact Us: Hector Costello Senior Manager – Client Engagements 4144N Central Expressway, Suite 600, Dallas, Texas – 75204, U.S.A. Phone No.: +1 (214) 884-6817; +912064101019 For more information contact sales@orbisresearch.com CategoriesGoogle News, Satellite, satPRnews Post navigation Previous PostPrevious H1 2017 Axial Spondyloarthritis Market Pipeline Review Next PostNext Hypercholesterolemia Market H1 2017 covering Companies illuminated by New Report Posted on 2 June 2017 by Rahul Jadhav 2017 Ankylosing Spondylitis (Bekhterev’s Disease) H1 Market Pipeline Review Size, Share, Analysis Report Orbisreserach.Com Adds “H1 Ankylosing Spondylitis (Bekhterev’s Disease) Market Pipeline Review 2017 Trend Analysis Report Report” To Its Research Database Ankylosing Spondylitis (Bekhterev’s Disease) – Pipeline Review, H1 2017, provides an overview of the Ankylosing Spondylitis (Bekhterev’s Disease) (Musculoskeletal Disorders) pipeline landscape. Ankylosing spondylitis is a type of arthritis that affects the spine. Ankylosing spondylitis symptoms include pain and stiffness from the neck down to the lower back. The spine’s bones (vertebrae) may grow or fuse together, resulting in a rigid spine. These changes may be mild or severe, and may lead to a stooped-over posture. Request a sample of this report @ http://www.orbisresearch.com/contacts/request-sample/309998 . Report Highlights Global Markets Direct’s Pharmaceutical and Healthcare latest pipeline guide Ankylosing Spondylitis (Bekhterev’s Disease) – Pipeline Review, H1 2017, provides comprehensive information on the therapeutics under development for Ankylosing Spondylitis (Bekhterev’s Disease) (Musculoskeletal Disorders), complete with analysis by stage of development, drug target, mechanism of action (MoA), route of administration (RoA) and molecule type. The guide covers the descriptive pharmacological action of the therapeutics, its complete research and development history and latest news and press releases. The Ankylosing Spondylitis (Bekhterev’s Disease) (Musculoskeletal Disorders) pipeline guide also reviews of key players involved in therapeutic development for Ankylosing Spondylitis (Bekhterev’s Disease) and features dormant and discontinued projects. The guide covers therapeutics under Development by Companies /Universities /Institutes, the molecules developed by Companies in Pre-Registration, Phase III, Phase II, Phase I, IND/CTA Filed, Preclinical, Discovery and Unknown stages are 6, 6, 5, 10, 1, 13, 6 and 3 respectively. Ankylosing Spondylitis (Bekhterev’s Disease) (Musculoskeletal Disorders) pipeline guide helps in identifying and tracking emerging players in the market and their portfolios, enhances decision making capabilities and helps to create effective counter strategies to gain competitive advantage. The guide is built using data and information sourced from Global Markets Direct’s proprietary databases, company/university websites, clinical trial registries, conferences, SEC filings, investor presentations and featured press releases from company/university sites and industry-specific third party sources. Additionally, various dynamic tracking processes ensure that the most recent developments are captured on a real time basis. Browse the full report @ http://www.orbisresearch.com/reports/index/ankylosing-spondylitis-bekhterevs-disease-pipeline-review-h1-2017 . Scope – The pipeline guide provides a snapshot of the global therapeutic landscape of Ankylosing Spondylitis (Bekhterev’s Disease) (Musculoskeletal Disorders). – The pipeline guide reviews pipeline therapeutics for Ankylosing Spondylitis (Bekhterev’s Disease) (Musculoskeletal Disorders) by companies and universities/research institutes based on information derived from company and industry-specific sources. – The pipeline guide covers pipeline products based on several stages of development ranging from pre-registration till discovery and undisclosed stages. – The pipeline guide features descriptive drug profiles for the pipeline products which comprise, product description, descriptive licensing and collaboration details, R&D brief, MoA & other developmental activities. – The pipeline guide reviews key companies involved in Ankylosing Spondylitis (Bekhterev’s Disease) (Musculoskeletal Disorders) therapeutics and enlists all their major and minor projects. – The pipeline guide evaluates Ankylosing Spondylitis (Bekhterev’s Disease) (Musculoskeletal Disorders) therapeutics based on mechanism of action (MoA), drug target, route of administration (RoA) and molecule type. – The pipeline guide encapsulates all the dormant and discontinued pipeline projects. – The pipeline guide reviews latest news related to pipeline therapeutics for Ankylosing Spondylitis (Bekhterev’s Disease) (Musculoskeletal Disorders) Reasons to buy – Procure strategically important competitor information, analysis, and insights to formulate effective R&D strategies. – Recognize emerging players with potentially strong product portfolio and create effective counter-strategies to gain competitive advantage. – Find and recognize significant and varied types of therapeutics under development for Ankylosing Spondylitis (Bekhterev’s Disease) (Musculoskeletal Disorders). – Classify potential new clients or partners in the target demographic. – Develop tactical initiatives by understanding the focus areas of leading companies. – Plan mergers and acquisitions meritoriously by identifying key players and it’s most promising pipeline therapeutics. – Formulate corrective measures for pipeline projects by understanding Ankylosing Spondylitis (Bekhterev’s Disease) (Musculoskeletal Disorders) pipeline depth and focus of Indication therapeutics. – Develop and design in-licensing and out-licensing strategies by identifying prospective partners with the most attractive projects to enhance and expand business potential and scope. – Adjust the therapeutic portfolio by recognizing discontinued projects and understand from the know-how what drove them from pipeline. Purchase a copy of this report @ http://www.orbisresearch.com/contact/purchase/309998 . Companies Mentioned AbbVie Inc Adello Biologics LLC Allergan Plc Alteogen Inc Amgen Inc Biocad Biocon Ltd Bionovis SA Celgene Corp Coherus BioSciences Inc Galapagos NV Genor BioPharma Co Ltd Immunwork Inc Innovent Biologics Inc Johnson & Johnson Merck KGaA Momenta Pharmaceuticals Inc Mycenax Biotech Inc Novartis AG Oncobiologics Inc Protalix BioTherapeutics Inc Reliance Life Sciences Pvt Ltd Sandoz International GmbH Shanghai Pharmaceutical Co Ltd Sun Pharma Advanced Research Company Ltd UCB SA Xbrane Biopharma AB For any enquires before buying, connect with us @ enquiry@orbisresearch.com About Us: Orbis Research (orbisresearch.com) is a single point aid for all your market research requirements. We have vast database of reports from the leading publishers and authors across the globe. We specialize in delivering customized reports as per the requirements of our clients. We have complete information about our publishers and hence are sure about the accuracy of the industries and verticals of their specialization. This helps our clients to map their needs and we produce the perfect required market research study for our clients. Contact Us: Hector Costello Senior Manager – Client Engagements 4144N Central Expressway, Suite 600, Dallas, Texas – 75204, U.S.A. Phone No.: +1 (214) 884-6817; +912064101019 For more information contact sales@orbisresearch.com CategoriesGoogle News, Satellite, satPRnews Post navigation Previous PostPrevious H1 2017 Axial Spondyloarthritis Market Pipeline Review Next PostNext Hypercholesterolemia Market H1 2017 covering Companies illuminated by New Report Posted on 2 June 2017 by Rahul Jadhav 2017 Ankylosing Spondylitis (Bekhterev’s Disease) H1 Market Pipeline Review Size, Share, Analysis Report Orbisreserach.Com Adds “H1 Ankylosing Spondylitis (Bekhterev’s Disease) Market Pipeline Review 2017 Trend Analysis Report Report” To Its Research Database Ankylosing Spondylitis (Bekhterev’s Disease) – Pipeline Review, H1 2017, provides an overview of the Ankylosing Spondylitis (Bekhterev’s Disease) (Musculoskeletal Disorders) pipeline landscape. Ankylosing spondylitis is a type of arthritis that affects the spine. Ankylosing spondylitis symptoms include pain and stiffness from the neck down to the lower back. The spine’s bones (vertebrae) may grow or fuse together, resulting in a rigid spine. These changes may be mild or severe, and may lead to a stooped-over posture. Request a sample of this report @ http://www.orbisresearch.com/contacts/request-sample/309998 . Report Highlights Global Markets Direct’s Pharmaceutical and Healthcare latest pipeline guide Ankylosing Spondylitis (Bekhterev’s Disease) – Pipeline Review, H1 2017, provides comprehensive information on the therapeutics under development for Ankylosing Spondylitis (Bekhterev’s Disease) (Musculoskeletal Disorders), complete with analysis by stage of development, drug target, mechanism of action (MoA), route of administration (RoA) and molecule type. The guide covers the descriptive pharmacological action of the therapeutics, its complete research and development history and latest news and press releases. The Ankylosing Spondylitis (Bekhterev’s Disease) (Musculoskeletal Disorders) pipeline guide also reviews of key players involved in therapeutic development for Ankylosing Spondylitis (Bekhterev’s Disease) and features dormant and discontinued projects. The guide covers therapeutics under Development by Companies /Universities /Institutes, the molecules developed by Companies in Pre-Registration, Phase III, Phase II, Phase I, IND/CTA Filed, Preclinical, Discovery and Unknown stages are 6, 6, 5, 10, 1, 13, 6 and 3 respectively. Ankylosing Spondylitis (Bekhterev’s Disease) (Musculoskeletal Disorders) pipeline guide helps in identifying and tracking emerging players in the market and their portfolios, enhances decision making capabilities and helps to create effective counter strategies to gain competitive advantage. The guide is built using data and information sourced from Global Markets Direct’s proprietary databases, company/university websites, clinical trial registries, conferences, SEC filings, investor presentations and featured press releases from company/university sites and industry-specific third party sources. Additionally, various dynamic tracking processes ensure that the most recent developments are captured on a real time basis. Browse the full report @ http://www.orbisresearch.com/reports/index/ankylosing-spondylitis-bekhterevs-disease-pipeline-review-h1-2017 . Scope – The pipeline guide provides a snapshot of the global therapeutic landscape of Ankylosing Spondylitis (Bekhterev’s Disease) (Musculoskeletal Disorders). – The pipeline guide reviews pipeline therapeutics for Ankylosing Spondylitis (Bekhterev’s Disease) (Musculoskeletal Disorders) by companies and universities/research institutes based on information derived from company and industry-specific sources. – The pipeline guide covers pipeline products based on several stages of development ranging from pre-registration till discovery and undisclosed stages. – The pipeline guide features descriptive drug profiles for the pipeline products which comprise, product description, descriptive licensing and collaboration details, R&D brief, MoA & other developmental activities. – The pipeline guide reviews key companies involved in Ankylosing Spondylitis (Bekhterev’s Disease) (Musculoskeletal Disorders) therapeutics and enlists all their major and minor projects. – The pipeline guide evaluates Ankylosing Spondylitis (Bekhterev’s Disease) (Musculoskeletal Disorders) therapeutics based on mechanism of action (MoA), drug target, route of administration (RoA) and molecule type. – The pipeline guide encapsulates all the dormant and discontinued pipeline projects. – The pipeline guide reviews latest news related to pipeline therapeutics for Ankylosing Spondylitis (Bekhterev’s Disease) (Musculoskeletal Disorders) Reasons to buy – Procure strategically important competitor information, analysis, and insights to formulate effective R&D strategies. – Recognize emerging players with potentially strong product portfolio and create effective counter-strategies to gain competitive advantage. – Find and recognize significant and varied types of therapeutics under development for Ankylosing Spondylitis (Bekhterev’s Disease) (Musculoskeletal Disorders). – Classify potential new clients or partners in the target demographic. – Develop tactical initiatives by understanding the focus areas of leading companies. – Plan mergers and acquisitions meritoriously by identifying key players and it’s most promising pipeline therapeutics. – Formulate corrective measures for pipeline projects by understanding Ankylosing Spondylitis (Bekhterev’s Disease) (Musculoskeletal Disorders) pipeline depth and focus of Indication therapeutics. – Develop and design in-licensing and out-licensing strategies by identifying prospective partners with the most attractive projects to enhance and expand business potential and scope. – Adjust the therapeutic portfolio by recognizing discontinued projects and understand from the know-how what drove them from pipeline. Purchase a copy of this report @ http://www.orbisresearch.com/contact/purchase/309998 . Companies Mentioned AbbVie Inc Adello Biologics LLC Allergan Plc Alteogen Inc Amgen Inc Biocad Biocon Ltd Bionovis SA Celgene Corp Coherus BioSciences Inc Galapagos NV Genor BioPharma Co Ltd Immunwork Inc Innovent Biologics Inc Johnson & Johnson Merck KGaA Momenta Pharmaceuticals Inc Mycenax Biotech Inc Novartis AG Oncobiologics Inc Protalix BioTherapeutics Inc Reliance Life Sciences Pvt Ltd Sandoz International GmbH Shanghai Pharmaceutical Co Ltd Sun Pharma Advanced Research Company Ltd UCB SA Xbrane Biopharma AB For any enquires before buying, connect with us @ enquiry@orbisresearch.com About Us: Orbis Research (orbisresearch.com) is a single point aid for all your market research requirements. We have vast database of reports from the leading publishers and authors across the globe. We specialize in delivering customized reports as per the requirements of our clients. We have complete information about our publishers and hence are sure about the accuracy of the industries and verticals of their specialization. This helps our clients to map their needs and we produce the perfect required market research study for our clients. Contact Us: Hector Costello Senior Manager – Client Engagements 4144N Central Expressway, Suite 600, Dallas, Texas – 75204, U.S.A. Phone No.: +1 (214) 884-6817; +912064101019 For more information contact sales@orbisresearch.com CategoriesGoogle News, Satellite, satPRnews Post navigation Previous PostPrevious H1 2017 Axial Spondyloarthritis Market Pipeline Review Next PostNext Hypercholesterolemia Market H1 2017 covering Companies illuminated by New Report Search Recent Posts NFPA announces new board of director members, re-elections, and a new position U.S. CONFERENCE OF MAYORS ISSUES STATEMENT ON LONDON TERROR ATTACK Block Party Celebrates Community in the Face of Indignity People Won’t Refuse to Wear Airwheel C5 Smart Bike Helmet Samsung 60th Festival of Sport Carnival cum Closing Ceremony successfully concluded Business Directory Business Contacts Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Proudly powered by WordPress
