Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login MENU Latest Stock Picks News Investing News Fool Podcasts Guides How to Invest Retirement Personal Finance Motley Fool Answers Options Trading Find a Broker Compare IRA Accounts ETF - Exchange Traded Funds Community Discussion Boards CAPS More About Help My Fool My Fool My Profile My Watchlist My Scorecard My Boards My CAPS My Reports My Subscriptions My Settings Premium Advice My Services None Other Services None Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Search Search: 3 Dividend Stocks You Don't Have to Babysit Income investors should consider dividend stocks like Merck, Consolidated Edison, and Schwab US Dividend Equity ETF to keep stress at bay. Neha Chamaria (Nehams) Nov 19, 2016 at 9:21AM Image source: Getty Images. Some dividend stocks don't need you to babysit them. These stocks are typically the kind of companies with proven business models that can withstand storms and continue to reward you richly. With the markets turning volatile following Donald Trump's victory, you might want to consider investing in such top-quality dividend stocks now that allow you to sleep well at night even during periods of uncertainty. We asked three of our contributors to pick one such low-risk dividend stock each. Here's why Merck & Co. (NYSE:MRK), Consolidated Edison, Inc. (NYSE:ED), and Schwab US Dividend Equity ETF (NYSEMKT:SCHD) made the list.  Patent headwinds aside, this drugmaker offers a solid dividend  George Budwell (Merck & Co.): Merck & Co. is arguably a classic battleground stock at the moment, but that doesn't mean income investors should flat-out avoid it. The heart of the matter is that the drugmaker is facing a parade of top-selling products like Remicade losing patent protection within the next year or so. In the same breath, though, Merck now controls the high-value non-small cell lung cancer checkpoint inhibitor market, following Keytruda's recent breakthrough in the front-line setting and the FDA green-lighting a more favorable label in the second or later-line settings.   The big picture is that Keytruda now appears to have enough juice to power the drugmaker through these patent headwinds, and even keep the company's top line flat next year. While a flat top line generally doesn't inspire confidence, Merck does offer a respectable yield of 2.89%, a proven track record of increasing its annual payout, and a robust clinical pipeline. All told, Merck has a rich tradition of rewarding patient shareholders, even during the toughest times in its history. So, this dividend-paying big pharma stock shouldn't keep you awake at night if you do decide to grab some shares.  This defensive dividend stock is a great choice! Neha Chamaria (Consolidated Edison): During uncertain times like these, I'd root for a dividend stock that belongs to a defensive industry where earnings are fairly stable regardless of the state of the economy. Consolidated Edison, a regulated utility that provides essentials like electricity and gas services to millions of customers, is one such stock to consider. Under the revenue decoupling mechanism, Con Ed's revenues are essentially fixed at predetermined rates and not linked to its electricity or gas sales volumes. Any differences in the actual and predetermined revenues are adjusted on the customers' accounts. In other words, Con Ed knows how much revenue it will generate in advance, eliminating volatility in its earnings. It is this stability in earnings that has allowed Con Ed to increase its dividend for 42 consecutive years. ED Dividend Per Share (Quarterly) data by YCharts. Going forward, Con Ed has outlined an aggressive multibillion-dollar program to upgrade and modernize its electricity and gas network over the next 20 years. At the same time, Con Ed is pumping billions into renewable solar and wind energy projects while tapping potential opportunities in battery storage and electric-vehicle infrastructure. I believe these investments should help Con Ed expand its customer base and boost earnings on decoupled revenues to reward you with higher dividends. With the stock down 8% in three months and offering a dividend yield of 3.8%, this is a good opportunity for income investors. You couldn't babysit this ETF even if you tried Evan Niu, CFA (Schwab US Dividend Equity ETF): I'm picking of my favorite personal holdings, the Schwab US Dividend Equity ETF. Charles Schwab jumped into the proprietary ETF game many years ago, and it has continued expanding its offerings ever since. I've long been a fan of the company's ETFs, and not just because I used to work there. As a broad-based indexed ETF, the underlying portfolio is diverse and invests across a wide range of sectors, with consumer staples being the largest sector, following by tech. Since it's diversified and passively managed, you really don't have to babysit this ETF. Since it's passively managed, the expense ratio is an incredibly affordable 7 basis points. The returns over time speak for themselves: SCHD Total Return Price data by YCharts. The current yield is approximately 2.7%, which may not sound like a whole lot compared to some of the other yields that are out there, but the point, here, is that the payout is extremely safe and reliable given the underlying diversified portfolio of large, mature companies. I've held this ETF for years, and it has been a consistently solid performer that requires absolutely no maintenance to follow. If you want a stock you don't have to babysit, the Schwab US Dividend Equity ETF is one to consider. Evan Niu, CFA, has no position in any stocks mentioned. George Budwell has no position in any stocks mentioned. Neha Chamaria has no position in any stocks mentioned. The Motley Fool has no position in any of the stocks mentioned. Try any of our Foolish newsletter services free for 30 days. We Fools may not all hold the same opinions, but we all believe that considering a diverse range of insights makes us better investors. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author Neha Chamaria (Nehams) Neha has been contributing to Fool.com since 2011, including a one-year stint at the Foolish Blogging Network. She focuses on materials and industrials sectors, with special interest in fertilizers, chemicals, and heavy-equipment companies. Neha loves decoding 10Qs and 10Ks to dig out information about a company an investor would otherwise not know; and cracking the real reasons behind a stock’s move thrills her. Check back at Fool.com for her articles, or follow her on Twitter Follow @nehamschamaria Article Info Nov 19, 2016 at 9:21AM Energy, Materials, and Utilities Stocks Merck and Co. NYSE:MRK $61.87 down $0.83 (-1.32%) Consolidated Edison NYSE:ED $69.53 down $0.51 (-0.73%) Schwab US Dividend Equity ETF NYSEMKT:SCHD $42.52 down $0.05 (-0.12%) Read More Just in Time for Christmas, AeroVironment Unveils Its New Drone Customers Will Hate United Airlines' New Basic Economy Fare, but It's a Great Move 6 Ways to Avoid a Tax Audit in 2017 Why Donald Trump Wasn't Completely Wrong About Ford's Plans for Mexico Is Cutting the Cord With Cable Worth It? Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Terms of Use Privacy Policy Copyright, Trademark and Patent Information Terms and Conditions © 1995 - 2016 The Motley Fool. All rights reserved. Current New stock picks released in...         Get The Picks x
Skip to content Satellite Press Releases pr @ satprnews.com Merck KGaA, Darmstadt, Germany's Massachusetts-based Businesses Named 'Top Places to Work' by The Boston Globe BILLERICA, Mass., Nov. 18, 2016 /PRNewswire/ — Merck KGaA, Darmstadt, Germany today announced that its Massachusetts-based businesses have been named to The Boston Globe‘s annual “Top Places to Work” list. This award marks the second of its kind in as many months. Last month, Merck KGaA, Darmstadt, Germany, ranked number 11 among the top 20 employers in the global biopharmaceutical industry by Science magazine, a leading peer-reviewed international scientific publication.   “The recognition by The Boston Globe as a leading employer reflects our commitment to build a great science and technology company in the U.S., in one of the leading biotech and healthcare hubs in the world,” said Udit Batra, CEO of the global life science business of Merck KGaA, Darmstadt, Germany and Member of the Executive Board. “We place great importance on fostering an environment that engenders both creative collaboration and problem solving. It’s a win-win for both our employees and customers as we work together to advance science and medicine.” The Boston Globe‘s research partner, Workplace Dynamics, ranked 125 Massachusetts employers by analyzing employee responses to a confidential 24-question survey. The survey covered several topics including benefits, management and employee engagement. “The fact that we achieved this recognition based on the positive input of our employees is extremely meaningful, as we are always exploring ways to ensure our company is one where everyone can do their best work each and every day,” said Gary Zieziula, President and Managing Director, EMD Serono. “Our employees are going above and beyond to achieve our collective mission of accelerating innovation for difficult-to-treat diseases.” “We are very proud to be named as a Top Place to Work in Massachusetts, a key region for our business,” said Warren Stone, Head of Research & Applied Commercial, MilliporeSigma. “We thank the employees surveyed for showing their engagement and commitment to the acceleration of science. It shows a sincere sense of connection and pride to both the community and our customers.” Top Places to Work recognizes the best places to work in the state based on internal employee surveys. Employers who enter to be surveyed are placed into one of four groups: small, with 50 to 99 employees; midsize, with 100 to 249 workers; large, with 250 to 999; and largest, with 1,000 or more. In total, the Massachusetts-based businesses of Merck KGaA, Darmstadt, Germany employ approximately 2,300 people in Massachusetts. All Merck KGaA, Darmstadt, Germany news releases are distributed by email at the same time they become available on the EMD Group website. In case you are a resident of the U.S. or Canada please go to www.emdgroup.com/subscribe to register again for your online subscription of this service as our newly introduced geo-targeting requires new links in the email. You may later change your selection or discontinue this service. About EMD Serono, Inc. EMD Serono is the biopharma business of Merck KGaA, Darmstadt, Germany, in the U.S. and Canada – a leading science and technology company – focused exclusively on specialty care. For more than 40 years, the business has integrated cutting-edge science, innovative products and industry-leading patient support and access programs. EMD Serono has deep expertise in neurology, fertility and endocrinology, as well as a robust pipeline of potential therapies in oncology, immuno-oncology and immunology as R&D focus areas. Today, the business has 1,200 employees around the country with commercial, clinical and research operations based in the company’s home state of Massachusetts. About MilliporeSigma The life science business of Merck KGaA, Darmstadt, Germany, which operates as MilliporeSigma in the U.S. and Canada, has 19,000 employees and 65 manufacturing sites worldwide, with a portfolio of more than 300,000 products enabling scientific discovery. Udit Batra is the global chief executive officer of MilliporeSigma. Merck KGaA, Darmstadt, Germany completed its $17 billion acquisition of Sigma-Aldrich in November 2015, creating a leader in the $125 billion global life science industry. MilliporeSigma is a leading supplier in the life science industry. With products for protein research and cell biology as well as the manufacture of chemical‐based and biopharmaceutical drugs, MilliporeSigma covers the full bioprocessing value chain. Its aim is to solve the toughest problems in the industry by collaborating with the global scientific community. Merck KGaA, Darmstadt, Germany, is a leading science and technology company in healthcare, life science and performance materials. Around 50,000 employees work to further develop technologies that improve and enhance life – from biopharmaceutical therapies to treat cancer or multiple sclerosis, cutting-edge systems for scientific research and production, to liquid crystals for smartphones and LCD televisions. In 2015, Merck KGaA, Darmstadt, Germany, generated sales of € 12.85 billion in 66 countries. Founded in 1668, Merck KGaA, Darmstadt, Germany, is the world’s oldest pharmaceutical and chemical company. The founding family remains the majority owner of the publicly listed corporate group. The company holds the global rights to the “Merck” name and brand. The only exceptions are the United States and Canada, where the company operates as EMD Serono, MilliporeSigma and EMD Performance Materials. Logo – http://photos.prnewswire.com/prnh/20161117/440965LOGO   SOURCE Merck KGaA Author: Monika Donimirska Editor View all posts by Monika Donimirska Author Monika DonimirskaPosted on November 18, 2016November 18, 2016Categories Uncategorized Post navigation Previous Previous post: Startup Fashion Brand Hammers Hill Launches With Practical, Trendy One-piece Cap and Hoody Next Next post: 23rd Annual Distressed Investing Conference Program & Faculty Search for: Search Recent Posts Top Five Best Golf Balls Buyers Guide Advances Review List Released Unbiased Inbox Blueprint 2.0 Review Causes Worldwide Discussion, as Exclusive Bonus Introduced by Steve Baker Democracy, Human Rights, and Labor: Transgender Day of Remembrance Melbourne Moving Company pledges $10,000 to help domestic violence victims this December Emma Has A Dilemma, A New Children’s Book that Teaches Grammar to 4-8 Year Old Children, Hits the Online Market. Archives November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 April 2016 March 2016 February 2016 January 2016 December 2015 November 2015 October 2015 September 2015 August 2015 July 2015 June 2015 May 2015 April 2015 March 2015 February 2015 January 2015 December 2014 November 2014 October 2014 September 2014 August 2014 July 2014 June 2014 May 2014 April 2014 March 2014 February 2014 January 2014 November 2013 September 2013 June 2013 March 2013 December 2012 November 2012 October 2012 September 2012 July 2012 March 2012 February 2012 January 2012 December 2011 November 2011 October 2011 September 2011 August 2011 July 2011 April 2010 March 2010 August 2009 January 1970 Categories Satellite Space Flights Uncategorized VSAT Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Partners TS2 Space Space Flights .news Satellite Press Releases Proudly powered by WordPress
Contact Us Journalists Blog Log In Sign Up Send a Release News Solutions Resources Search News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News dansk Deutsch español Français italiano Nederlands norsk português suomeksi svenska Merck KGaA, Darmstadt, Germany's Massachusetts-based Businesses Named 'Top Places to Work' by The Boston Globe - Massachusetts teams at EMD Serono, MilliporeSigma receive recognition based on positive employee survey responses - Employees cite strong company values & ethics - Second acknowledgement of a leading employer ranking by a top publication News provided by Merck KGaA Nov 18, 2016, 08:00 ET Share this article BILLERICA, Mass., Nov. 18, 2016 /PRNewswire/ -- Merck KGaA, Darmstadt, Germany today announced that its Massachusetts-based businesses have been named to The Boston Globe's annual "Top Places to Work" list. This award marks the second of its kind in as many months. Last month, Merck KGaA, Darmstadt, Germany, ranked number 11 among the top 20 employers in the global biopharmaceutical industry by Science magazine, a leading peer-reviewed international scientific publication.   "The recognition by The Boston Globe as a leading employer reflects our commitment to build a great science and technology company in the U.S., in one of the leading biotech and healthcare hubs in the world," said Udit Batra, CEO of the global life science business of Merck KGaA, Darmstadt, Germany and Member of the Executive Board. "We place great importance on fostering an environment that engenders both creative collaboration and problem solving. It's a win-win for both our employees and customers as we work together to advance science and medicine." The Boston Globe's research partner, Workplace Dynamics, ranked 125 Massachusetts employers by analyzing employee responses to a confidential 24-question survey. The survey covered several topics including benefits, management and employee engagement. "The fact that we achieved this recognition based on the positive input of our employees is extremely meaningful, as we are always exploring ways to ensure our company is one where everyone can do their best work each and every day," said Gary Zieziula, President and Managing Director, EMD Serono. "Our employees are going above and beyond to achieve our collective mission of accelerating innovation for difficult-to-treat diseases." "We are very proud to be named as a Top Place to Work in Massachusetts, a key region for our business," said Warren Stone, Head of Research & Applied Commercial, MilliporeSigma. "We thank the employees surveyed for showing their engagement and commitment to the acceleration of science. It shows a sincere sense of connection and pride to both the community and our customers." Top Places to Work recognizes the best places to work in the state based on internal employee surveys. Employers who enter to be surveyed are placed into one of four groups: small, with 50 to 99 employees; midsize, with 100 to 249 workers; large, with 250 to 999; and largest, with 1,000 or more. In total, the Massachusetts-based businesses of Merck KGaA, Darmstadt, Germany employ approximately 2,300 people in Massachusetts. All Merck KGaA, Darmstadt, Germany news releases are distributed by email at the same time they become available on the EMD Group website. In case you are a resident of the U.S. or Canada please go to www.emdgroup.com/subscribe to register again for your online subscription of this service as our newly introduced geo-targeting requires new links in the email. You may later change your selection or discontinue this service. About EMD Serono, Inc. EMD Serono is the biopharma business of Merck KGaA, Darmstadt, Germany, in the U.S. and Canada - a leading science and technology company - focused exclusively on specialty care. For more than 40 years, the business has integrated cutting-edge science, innovative products and industry-leading patient support and access programs. EMD Serono has deep expertise in neurology, fertility and endocrinology, as well as a robust pipeline of potential therapies in oncology, immuno-oncology and immunology as R&D focus areas. Today, the business has 1,200 employees around the country with commercial, clinical and research operations based in the company's home state of Massachusetts. About MilliporeSigma The life science business of Merck KGaA, Darmstadt, Germany, which operates as MilliporeSigma in the U.S. and Canada, has 19,000 employees and 65 manufacturing sites worldwide, with a portfolio of more than 300,000 products enabling scientific discovery. Udit Batra is the global chief executive officer of MilliporeSigma. Merck KGaA, Darmstadt, Germany completed its $17 billion acquisition of Sigma-Aldrich in November 2015, creating a leader in the $125 billion global life science industry. MilliporeSigma is a leading supplier in the life science industry. With products for protein research and cell biology as well as the manufacture of chemical‐based and biopharmaceutical drugs, MilliporeSigma covers the full bioprocessing value chain. Its aim is to solve the toughest problems in the industry by collaborating with the global scientific community. Merck KGaA, Darmstadt, Germany, is a leading science and technology company in healthcare, life science and performance materials. Around 50,000 employees work to further develop technologies that improve and enhance life – from biopharmaceutical therapies to treat cancer or multiple sclerosis, cutting-edge systems for scientific research and production, to liquid crystals for smartphones and LCD televisions. In 2015, Merck KGaA, Darmstadt, Germany, generated sales of € 12.85 billion in 66 countries. Founded in 1668, Merck KGaA, Darmstadt, Germany, is the world's oldest pharmaceutical and chemical company. The founding family remains the majority owner of the publicly listed corporate group. The company holds the global rights to the "Merck" name and brand. The only exceptions are the United States and Canada, where the company operates as EMD Serono, MilliporeSigma and EMD Performance Materials. Logo - http://photos.prnewswire.com/prnh/20161117/440965LOGO   To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/merck-kgaa-darmstadt-germanys-massachusetts-based-businesses-named-top-places-to-work-by-the-boston-globe-300365767.html SOURCE Merck KGaA Sep 14, 2016, 08:00 ET Preview: Merck KGaA, Darmstadt, Germany, Joins DiViNe Consortium to Address Low Yields, High Costs of Vaccine Purification Processes My News Release contains wide tables. View fullscreen. Also from this source Sep 14, 2016, 08:00 ETMerck KGaA, Darmstadt, Germany, Joins DiViNe Consortium to... Explore More news releases in similar topics Health Care & Hospitals Medical Pharmaceuticals Pharmaceuticals Awards Surveys, Polls and Research You just read: Merck KGaA, Darmstadt, Germany's Massachusetts-based Businesses Named 'Top Places to Work' by The Boston Globe News provided by Merck KGaA Nov 18, 2016, 08:00 ET Share this article Looking to send a news release with PR Newswire? Take advantage of the world's leading distribution platform. Sign up to get started Request more information Have an account? Log In Phone 8AM - 10PM ET +1-888-776-0942 Send a Release Sign Up Blog For Journalists Contact Us Search Searching for your content... Advanced Search Contact 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Chat Online with an Expert Contact Us Solutions Cision Communication Cloud™ For Marketers For Public Relations For IR & Compliance For Agency For Small Business All Products About About PR Newswire About Cision Become a Publishing Partner Become a Channel Partner Careers   Global Sites Asia Brazil Canada Europe Finland France India Israel Mexico Middle East Netherlands Sweden United Kingdom My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Terms of Use Privacy Policy Information Security Policy Statement Site Map RSS Feeds Copyright © 2016 PR Newswire Association LLC. All Rights Reserved. A Cision company. News Solutions Resources News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News dansk Deutsch español Français italiano Nederlands norsk português suomeksi svenska Phone +1-888-776-0942 8AM - 10PM ET Chat Chat Online with an Expert All contact info Send a ReleaseLog In
THOMSON REUTERS PRODUCTS Solutions for Corporations Eikon FX Trading World-Check One Enhanced Due Diligence Compliance Learning Org ID ONESOURCE Indirect Tax ONESOURCE Transfer Pricing ONESOURCE Global Trade Management Legal Managed Services MatterSphere Zawya Projects Islamic Economy Solutions for Emerging Business Zawya Projects Accelerate SME Islamic Economy Zawya Business Development Solutions for Financial Institutions Eikon Thomson Reuters Elektron Thomson Reuters FX Trading World-Check One Enhanced Due Diligence Compliance Learning Org ID ONESOURCE WorkFlow Manager Legal Managed Services Westlaw Middle East Thomson Reuters Practical Law Islamic Economy Thomson Reuters Accelerate SME Solutions for Governments Eikon Elektron Eikon Auctions Revenue Management World-Check One Regulatory Intelligence Audit Manager Compliance Learning Enhanced Due Diligence ONESOURCE Indirect Tax Thomson Reuters Aumentum Westlaw Middle East Thomson Reuters MatterSphere Thomson Reuters ProView C-Track Practical Law Thomson Reuters Zawya Projects Islamic Economy Thomson Reuters Accelerate SME Solutions for Professionals Eikon World-Check One Compliance Learning Enhanced Due Diligence ONESOURCE WorkFlow Manager ONESOURCE Indirect Tax ONESOURCE Transfer Pricing Legal Managed Services Westlaw Middle East REGISTER LOGIN MENA - ENGLISH MENA - ENGLISH UAE - ENGLISH KSA - ENGLISH الشرَقُ الأَوْسَط الإمارات السعودية Search  37 °C Dubai 20 Nov 2016 Business Business Home Real Estate Construction Energy Financial Services Islamic Finance Technology Saudi Arabia pays $10.7 billion owed to contractors UAE's ADCorp appoints Chief Executive Officer Contracts worth $4.63 mln to Dubai's SMEs in H1 Dubai Properties launches affordable housing Saudi KAEC showcases beach villa plots at Al-Murooj district Oman developing world-class retail projects Dubai Properties launches affordable housing Saudi Arabia pays $10.7 billion owed to contractors Kuwait to develop islands with foreign investors Gas demand likely to grow next year- Qatari minister Iran to speed up construction of new nuclear power plants Oil may rise to $55 if all producers cooperate - Iran Abu Dhabi hit after bank merger talk quashed; Saudi slips Large Saudi bank cuts money quote Egypt's pound weakens as dollar demand surge UAE's ADCorp appoints Chief Executive Officer Abu Dhabi Islamic Bank denies merger talks Egyptian Life Takaful-GIG launches life savings cover for Suez Cement staff 12 innovation secrets learned from Steve Jobs Humanoid robots on verge of commercial-scale production Facebook's CEO discloses steps to fight fake news Economy Economy Home GCC Levant North Africa Global At least 90 dead in India train derailment Dozens killed in Aleppo attacks Qatar's exports of transport, tourism services hit $14.8 bln Kuwait to develop islands with foreign investors Qatar's exports of transport, tourism services hit $14.8 bln Thomson Reuters benchmark administrator, calculation agent for Saudi SAIBOR Dozens killed in Aleppo attacks Syria refuses east Aleppo autonomous zone Turkish soldier killed in IS attack in northern Syria Egypt's pound weakens as dollar demand surge UAE's ADFD finances high-speed train in Morocco Egypt jails journalists' union chief for 2 years At least 90 dead in India train derailment As he shapes Cabinet, Trump meets former rival Trump picks conservative loyalists for top security, law enforcement jobs Markets Markets Home Equities Currencies Commodities Abu Dhabi hit after bank merger talk quashed; Saudi slips Shares in Abu Dhabi banks ADCB and ADIB resume trading Gulf shares diverge in early trade Abu Dhabi hit after bank merger talk quashed; Saudi slips Thomson Reuters benchmark administrator, calculation agent for Saudi SAIBOR Shares in Abu Dhabi banks ADCB and ADIB resume trading Large Saudi bank cuts money quote Egypt's pound weakens as dollar demand surge Dollar charges to 14-year high, bonds in full swing Gas demand likely to grow next year- Qatari minister Iran beats Saudi Arabia as India's top oil supplier Oil may rise to $55 if all producers cooperate - Iran Legal Legal Home Policy Risk Commercial Personal Law How long will Emirates crash investigation take? Big drop in Saudization rate in public sector in 2016 Mother in Kuwait loses children’s custody for smoking shisha Big drop in Saudization rate in public sector in 2016 UAE committed to implementing anti-discrimination law: minister Draghi toughens tone on bank regulation, inflation How long will Emirates crash investigation take? Oman tightens tourist visa rules Hundreds falling prey to cyber extortion, Sharjah police say How long will Emirates crash investigation take? Big drop in Saudization rate in public sector in 2016 Companies in Lebanon forced to halt unlicensed valet services Big drop in Saudization rate in public sector in 2016 Mother in Kuwait loses children’s custody for smoking shisha Expats banned from airport entry in Kuwait except those travelling Life Life Home Health Leisure Travel & Tourism Entertainment Sports Financial tips from author of "Rich Dad Poor Dad" McDonald's pushes for antibiotic reduction in meat Monroe's JFK birthday dress goes for $4.8 mln at auction McDonald's pushes for antibiotic reduction in meat Half of govt employees in Makkah smoke WHO declares end of Zika emergency, but still urges action Top ten fragrance trends in the region Bollywood Parks Dubai: The ultimate guide Beirut Cooking Festival showcases Lebanon’s finest Saudi issues 370,000 Umrah visas in 18 days EU plans online screening for visa-free travellers UAE urged Emiratis in India to avoid withdrawing INR500-1,000 banknotes Monroe's JFK birthday dress goes for $4.8 mln at auction Ricky Martin engaged to Syrian-born artist Leonard Cohen dies in his LA home Tennis-Murray survives epic to set up Djokovic showdown Soccer-England did not do enough to protect Rooney - Mourinho Golf-Noren's money-list charge blunted by late bogeys in Dubai Companies The Vault Latest News Multimedia Press Releases Top News THOMSON REUTERS PRODUCTS Solutions for Corporations Solutions for Emerging Business Solutions for Financial Institutions Solutions for Governments Solutions for Professionals MENA - ENGLISH MENA - ENGLISH UAE - ENGLISH KSA - ENGLISH الشرَقُ الأَوْسَط الإمارات السعودية LOGIN MENU Business Business Home Real Estate Construction Energy Financial Services Islamic Finance Technology Economy Economy Home GCC Levant North Africa Global Markets Markets Home Equities Currencies Commodities Legal Legal Home Policy Risk Commercial Personal Law Life Life Home Health Leisure Travel & Tourism Entertainment Sports Companies The Vault Latest News Multimedia Press Releases Top News MENA - ENGLISH MENA - ENGLISH UAE - ENGLISH KSA - ENGLISH الشرَقُ الأَوْسَط الإمارات السعودية THOMSON REUTERS PRODUCTS Solutions for Corporations Solutions for Emerging Business Solutions for Financial Institutions Solutions for Governments Solutions for Professionals REGISTER LOGIN Advertisement Home Article MSD launches search for the 3 most innovative eHealth ideators in EEMEA 19 November, 2016 19 November 2016 RIYADH — Merck Sharp & Dohme Corp. (MSD), in partnership with the TICBioMed, provider of business support in eHealth, has launched on October 25, 2016 a competition dubbed “The MSD Innovative Factory Challenges” across all countries within the EEMEA region aimed at encouraging entrepreneurs and ideators create innovative eHealth solutions for 3 of the most important needs in the region. (For more details http://www.msdinnovationfactory.com  ) The competition is divided into three categories, namely INNOREP, EDUCARE, and SMARTSTOCK.  According to MSD, all the technology-enabled solution entries must be cost effective, easy to implement, user friendly and educational. They also should promote a smooth patient-practitioner relationship and adherence to treatments. As defined, the scope of INNOREP is creating impressive experiences for healthcare professionals so as to improve and support the interaction of sales reps with healthcare professionals in an ethical, unique, engaging and memorable manner. The expected output is to collect innovative, engaging and impactful solutions to carry out the dialogue (facultative discussion) with healthcare professionals and stakeholders, and using the knowledge gained and compiled in product studies, clinical papers and scientific materials. (For more details http://www.msdinnovationfactory.com  ) Under EDUCARE, the solutions presented should be on getting the most out of the waiting room — the need to fill in the dead time spent in the waiting room of a practitioner that will add value to patients regarding how to improve their overall health, learn about their condition and improve or manage their pathologies. The aim is to find an easy and motivational solution for the patients, the clinical staff and the hosting institution. It should engage and foster followers across all generations. These solutions would be presented in two different/main areas of scope: Advertisement • Diabetes: offering essential information about the disease and how to manage it (highlighting medication adherence) • Vaccines: the importance of keeping up and following a timetable of mandatory vaccines. The expected output of the proposals is to raise the knowledge on specific health topics in a useful and memorable way, having a persuasive value proposition for the main stakeholders, cost-effectiveness and of an easy implementation and maintenance. (For more details http://www.msdinnovationfactory.com  ) In the third challenge, SMARTSTOCK, the entry solutions should address the rapid growth of pharmacy chains and their prescription-filling in the EEMEA Region, and optimize the operational efficiency in medicine stock management. MSD is looking for solutions that will raise communication exchange channel empowering PoS of Pharmacy chains to engage in a proactive communication flow of sharing their internal stocking data with suppliers. (For more details http://www.msdinnovationfactory.com  ) The deadline for the submission of entries is on December 20, 2016. Nine finalists will be selected from the pool of all participants, three from each category, by early January 2017. Each one of the selected finalists has the opportunity to showcase his/her proposal and debate with MSD experts how to co-create together.  Each one will also have the chance to earn USD 3,000 if selected as the most articulate challenger and has the most innovative solution. The final presentation will be held in Dubai on February 1, 2017. For any interested solver/challenger, please visit and register at: http://www.msdinnovationfactory.com/rules/  -Ends- © Press Release 2016 © Copyright Zawya. All Rights Reserved. Advertisement Trending on Zawya In the last 24 hours Advertisement People In The News Bahrain's GFH appoints Hammad Younas as head of investment management 17 Nov 2016 Bahrain's Alba appoints new manager for Calciner & Marine 10 Nov 2016 Joséphine Verine appointed COO marketing of the Lombard Odier Group 07 Nov 2016 Advertisement About zawya Contact us Copyright © 2016 Zawya. All Rights Reserved. Terms & Conditions. Quote data provided by © Thomson Reuters.
Sunday November 20 2016 3:50 am     Home   Local News   State / National / World   Sports   Opinion / Letters   Business   Arts / Entertainment   Lifestyle   Obituaries   Calendar   Submit Event   Comics / Games   Classifieds   DJ Designers   Archives   Advertise With Us   About Us   GET THE DAY'S TOP HEADLINES DELIVERED DAILY TO YOUR INBOX FOR FREE Sign up here     Read Archive PDFs: 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 20 21 22 23 24 25 26 27 28 29 30 31 2016 2015 2014 2013 2012 2011 2010 2009 2008 2007 2006 2005 2004 2003 2002 2001 2000     Drugmaker losses pull stocks lower November 19, 2016, 05:00 AM By Marley Jay The Associated NEW YORK — Major U.S. stock indexes slipped Friday as drug companies dragged the market lower. Small-company stocks bucked the downward trend and continued to climb, and bond yields rose to their highest level in a year. Drugmakers like Merck and biotech company Amgen took some of the biggest losses Friday. Weak results from Gap and Abercrombie & Fitch hurt retailers as investors kept a close eye on the upcoming holiday season. Small companies including regional banks continued to make large gains. Those stocks have risen sharply since the presidential election last week and are now at record highs. “Some of the proposals that (President-elect Donald) Trump has promoted, specifically deregulation and also some of his trade proposals, are better for small companies than potentially they are for large ones,” said Katie Nixon, chief investment officer for Northern Trust. The Dow Jones industrial average slid 35.89 points, or 0.2 percent, to 18,867.93. The Standard & Poor’s 500 index lost 5.22 points, or 0.2 percent, to 2,181.90. The Nasdaq composite touched a record high early on, but turned lower and gave up 12.46 points, or 0.2 percent, to 5,321.51. That’s not a big loss, but the major indexes hadn’t fallen that much since before the presidential election. Still, the S&P 500 and Nasdaq finished substantially higher this week after their big gains the week before. But indexes of smaller companies, like the Russell 2000 and the S&P 600, did better. They are on 11-day winning streaks and have hit all-time highs. Among small-company stocks, mortgage lending service company LendingTree added $6.80, or 7.3 percent, to $100 and coal miner Cloud Peak Energy rose 79 cents, or 15.8 percent, to $5.79. Losses for drug companies weighed down health care stocks. Botox maker Allergan retreated $8.20, or 4.1 percent, to $191.78 and biotech giant Amgen fell $2.13, or 1.4 percent, to $145.23. Hepatitis C drugmaker Gilead Sciences shed 96 cents, or 1.3 percent, to $74.62. Drug company stocks are coming off their biggest weekly gain in two years. The stocks had been falling in the months leading up to the election because investors worried that under a Hillary Clinton presidency, the federal government would take steps to rein in drug prices. Those kinds of steps are less likely under a Trump presidency and a Republican-controlled Congress. The dollar continued to climb. It’s near one-year highs against the euro and six-month highs against the yen. The dollar rose to 110.63 yen from 109.89 yen. The euro fell to $1.0599 from $1.0626. The dollar hasn’t been this strong since early 2003. Nixon of Northern Trust said that’s affecting big multinational companies because it can hurt their sales outside the U.S., but it’s less of a problem for smaller, domestically-oriented companies. Investors continued to sell U.S. government bonds at a rapid clip, and bond prices wobbled and turned lower. The yield on the 10-year Treasury note rose to 2.34 percent from 2.30 percent. Bond prices have fallen hard since the election and yields are now at their highest in a year. Teen clothing company Abercrombie & Fitch plunged $2.33, or 13.8 percent, to $14.60 after it reported weak sales and a smaller profit than analysts had expected. Gap’s said fewer people visited its stores heading into the holiday season. Its stock gave up $5.10, or 16.6 percent, to $25.61. Sporting goods Hibbett Sports retailer cut its annual forecasts after a weak third-quarter report. It dropped $4.90, or 10.8 percent, to $40.40. Shoppers are not buying as many clothes and moving toward discount chains. That trend continued as discount retailer Ross Stores rose $2.47, or 3.8 percent, to $68 after it posted a better-than-expected profit and sales. Companies that sell common household products are also moving lower. Procter & Gamble gave up $1.07, or 1.3 percent, to $82 and drugstore operator Walgreens Boots Alliance slumped 72 cents to $83.27. Those companies have fallen since the election as investors buy companies that could benefit more from faster economic growth. Benchmark U.S. crude rose 27 cents to close at $45.69 a barrel in New York, while Brent crude, which is used to price international oils, added 37 cents to $46.86 a barrel in London. Energy companies traded higher. Chevron rose $1.08, or 1 percent, to $109.20 and ConocoPhillips jumped $1.15, or 2.6 percent, to $44.76. Gold fell $8.20 to $1,208.70 an ounce. Silver lost 15 cents to $16.62 an ounce. Copper dipped 2 cents to $2.47 a pound. In other energy trading, wholesale gasoline stayed at $1.34 a gallon. Heating oil picked up 1 cent to $1.46 a gallon. Natural gas climbed 14 cents, or 5.2 percent, to $2.84 per 1,000 cubic feet. France’s CAC 40 fell 0.5 percent and the FTSE 100 in Britain dipped 0.3 percent. The German DAX lost 0.2 percent. Japan’s benchmark Nikkei 225 index added 0.6 percent as the yen hit a six-month low, helping shares of the country’s big exporters. South Korea’s Kospi shed 0.3 percent and Hong Kong’s Hang Seng rose 0.4 percent. ———— AP Markets Writer Marley Jay can be reached at http://twitter.com/MarleyJayAP His work can be found at http://bigstory.ap.org/journalist/marley-jay     Tags: percent, companies, cents, company, stocks, continued, Other stories from today: Dakota Access oil pipeline developer: No rerouting Volkswagen to shed 30,000 jobs, cutting costs after scandal Drugmaker losses pull stocks lower     Print this Page  |  << Back   Return To Archives            Daily Journal Quick Poll   If you are traveling for Thanksgiving, when is the best time to go? This weekend to beat the rush Monday Hopefully it won't be too bad Wednesday Thursday morning My family is coming to me                       Our User Agreement Our Privacy Policy Home Local News State / National / World Sports Opinion / Letters Business Arts / Entertainment Lifestyle Obituaries Calendar Submit Event Newsletter Signup Comics / Games Classifieds DJ Designers Archives Advertise With Us Contact Us About Us SiteMap ©2016 San Mateo Daily Journal San Mateo County garage sales  
continue to article News All Local News Search Last 36 hours Nation + World Environment Politics Justice Polygamy Health Care Education Weather Utah's Right Elevate Empower Utah Legal Notices Sports Utah Jazz RSL Utah Utes BYU Cougars USU Aggies WSU Wildcats Preps Grizzlies Bees Outdoors Winter Sports College Monson Kragthorpe All-time BYU football stats All-time Utes football stats Blogs The Utah Effect Politics UPIN The Cricket TV Jazz Notes U of U Sports BYU Sports Prep Sports RSL Hiking Outdoors & Travel Sundance More Blogs Opinion Editorials Commentary Letters Bagley Cartoon Rolly Cannon Kirby Blog: State of the Debate Submit a Letter Faith Religion news LDS Church Faith Blog Entertainment Calendar Film-Finder Movies Restaurants Lifestyle Arts Food Music TV Sundance Shopping Puzzles & Games Comics Horoscopes Cool Stuff The Legacy of Joe Hill I Love videos Whatever Happened To... Special Reports Videos Photo Galleries Utah Bucket List Mormon Rivals Preparing to play Paul Rolly Roast Money Top Workplaces The Realty Show Home Prices Obituaries Jobs Top Employer Top Educator Top Jobs Employment News Employers Post A Job Contact Us Homes Find a Home Find a Realtor Rentals Cars Find a car Browse Dealers Fuel Stop Top Workplaces Top Workplaces Subscribe    Print New Subscription Register for e-Edition Access your e-Edition Print Registration Print Login    sltrib.com Membership Become a Supporting Member Premium Ad-Free Site Login Account Login Member FAQ Toggle navigation News All Local News Search Last 36 hours Nation + World Environment Politics Justice Polygamy Health Care Education Weather Utah's Right Elevate Empower Utah Legal Notices    SPONSORED BY: Sports Utah Jazz RSL Utah Utes BYU Cougars USU Aggies WSU Wildcats Preps Grizzlies Bees Outdoors Winter Sports College Monson Kragthorpe All-time BYU football stats All-time Utes football stats Blogs The Utah Effect Politics UPIN The Cricket TV Jazz Notes U of U Sports BYU Sports Prep Sports RSL Hiking Outdoors & Travel Sundance More Blogs Opinion Editorials Commentary Letters Bagley Cartoon Rolly Cannon Kirby Blog: State of the Debate Submit a Letter Faith Religion news LDS Church Faith Blog Entertainment Sundance Calendar Film-Finder Movies Restaurants Lifestyle Arts Food Music TV Shopping Puzzles & Games Comics Horoscopes    SPONSORED BY: Cool Stuff The Legacy of Joe Hill I Love videos Whatever Happened To... Special Reports Videos Photo Galleries Utah Bucket List Mormon Rivals Preparing to play Paul Rolly Roast Money Top Workplaces The Realty Show Home Prices Obituaries Jobs Top Employer Top Educator Top Jobs Employment News Employers Post A Job Contact Us    SPONSORED BY: Homes Find a Home Find a Realtor Rentals    SPONSORED BY: Cars Find a car Browse Dealers Fuel Stop    SPONSORED BY: Top Workplaces Subscribe    Print New Subscription Register for e-Edition Access your e-Edition Print Registration Print Login    sltrib.com Membership Become a Supporting Member Premium Ad-Free Site Login Account Login Member FAQ Home » News Salt Lake City 51 ° Traffic / Stories from last 36 hours WWW.SLTRIB.COM NOV 20, 2016 Become a Member | Ad-Free Login Home » News NOV 20, 2016  |  Salt Lake City 51 °  |  Traffic / Stories from last 36 hours Become a Member | Ad-Free Login Home » News Become a Member | Ad-Free Login Drugmaker losses pull U.S. markets lower By MARLEY JAY The Associated Press First Published Nov 18 2016 04:09PM    •    Last Updated Nov 18 2016 04:09 pm FILE - In this Oct. 7, 2016 file photo, a sign for Wall Street is carved into a building located near the New York Stock Exchange. Japanese shares rose, Friday, Nov. 18, 2016, on the yen's weakness while other Asian benchmarks wobbled after Fed chair Janet Yellen signaled that policymakers intend to raise interest rates soon. (AP Photo/Mark Lennihan) FILE - In this Oct. 7, 2016 file photo, a sign for Wall Street is carved into a building located near the New York Stock Exchange. Japanese shares rose, Friday, Nov. 18, 2016, on the yen's weakness while other Asian benchmarks wobbled after Fed chair Janet Yellen signaled that policymakers intend to raise interest rates soon. (AP Photo/Mark Lennihan) Single page Share This Article ARTICLE PHOTO GALLERY (1) NEW YORK • Major U.S. stock indexes slipped Friday as drug companies dragged the market lower. Small-company stocks bucked the downward trend and continued to climb, and bond yields rose to their highest level in a year. Drugmakers like Merck and biotech company Amgen took some of the biggest losses Friday. Weak results from Gap and Abercrombie & Fitch hurt retailers as investors kept a close eye on the upcoming holiday season. Small companies including regional banks continued to make large gains. Those stocks have risen sharply since the presidential election last week and are now at record highs. "Some of the proposals that [President-elect Donald] Trump has promoted, specifically deregulation and also some of his trade proposals, are better for small companies than potentially they are for large ones," said Katie Nixon, chief investment officer for Northern Trust. VIDEOS TOP JOBS The Dow Jones industrial average slid 35.89 points, or 0.2 percent, to 18,867.93. The Standard & Poor's 500 index lost 5.22 points, or 0.2 percent, to 2,181.90. The Nasdaq composite touched a record high early on, but turned lower and gave up 12.46 points, or 0.2 percent, to 5,321.51. That's not a big loss, but the major indexes hadn't fallen that much since before the presidential election. Still, the S&P 500 and Nasdaq finished substantially higher this week after their big gains the week before. But indexes of smaller companies, like the Russell 2000 and the S&P 600, did better. They are on 11-day winning streaks and have hit all-time highs. Among small-company stocks, mortgage lending service company LendingTree added $6.80, or 7.3 percent, to $100 and coal miner Cloud Peak Energy rose 79 cents, or 15.8 percent, to $5.79. Losses for drug companies weighed down health care stocks. Botox maker Allergan retreated $8.20, or 4.1 percent, to $191.78 and biotech giant Amgen fell $2.13, or 1.4 percent, to $145.23. Hepatitis C drugmaker Gilead Sciences shed 96 cents, or 1.3 percent, to $74.62. Drug company stocks are coming off their biggest weekly gain in two years. The stocks had been falling in the months leading up to the election because investors worried that under a Hillary Clinton presidency, the federal government would take steps to rein in drug prices. Those kinds of steps are less likely under a Trump presidency and a Republican-controlled Congress. The dollar continued to climb. It's near one-year highs against the euro and six-month highs against the yen. The dollar rose to 110.63 yen from 109.89 yen. The euro fell to $1.0599 from $1.0626. The dollar hasn't been this strong since early 2003. Nixon of Northern Trust said that's affecting big multinational companies because it can hurt their sales outside the U.S., but it's less of a problem for smaller, domestically-oriented companies. Investors continued to sell U.S. government bonds at a rapid clip, and bond prices wobbled and turned lower. The yield on the 10-year Treasury note rose to 2.34 percent from 2.30 percent. Bond prices have fallen hard since the election and yields are now at their highest in a year. Teen clothing company Abercrombie & Fitch plunged $2.33, or 13.8 percent, to $14.60 after it reported weak sales and a smaller profit than analysts had expected. Gap's said fewer people visited its stores heading into the holiday season. Its stock gave up $5.10, or 16.6 percent, to $25.61. Sporting goods Hibbett Sports retailer cut its annual forecasts after a weak third-quarter report. It dropped $4.90, or 10.8 percent, to $40.40. Shoppers are not buying as many clothes and moving toward discount chains. That trend continued as discount retailer Ross Stores rose $2.47, or 3.8 percent, to $68 after it posted a better-than-expected profit and sales. Companies that sell common household products are also moving lower. Procter & Gamble gave up $1.07, or 1.3 percent, to $82 and drugstore operator Walgreens Boots Alliance slumped 72 cents to $83.27. Those companies have fallen since the election as investors buy companies that could benefit more from faster economic growth. Benchmark U.S. crude rose 27 cents to close at $45.69 a barrel in New York, while Brent crude, which is used to price international oils, added 37 cents to $46.86 a barrel in London. Energy companies traded higher. Chevron rose $1.08, or 1 percent, to $109.20 and ConocoPhillips jumped $1.15, or 2.6 percent, to $44.76. » Next page... Single page   Share This Article ARTICLE PHOTO GALLERY VIEW PHOTO GALLERY JOIN THE DISCUSSION     Post a Comment POPULAR STORIES Exonerated Arizona man shows Utah lawmakers the human face of death row mistakes Op-ed: Should Mormons who voted for Trump get temple recommends? Kirby: My 'little factory,' my business Utah football: Stunning loss to Oregon ends Utes' South Division hopes Monson: Utah betrays itself in upset loss ELEVATE During National Alzheimer’s Disease Awareness Month the Focus is Keeping Caregivers Healthy   Life is a Peach at the SALT Awards   Salt Lake Regional Medical Center First in the U.S. to Perform Meniscus Replacement   Contests and Promotions COMMENTS POST A COMMENT      () News All Local News Search Last 36 hours Nation + World RSS Twitter Environment Politics Justice Polygamy Education Weather Utah's Right Elevate Empower Utah Cool Stuff The Legacy of Joe Hill I Love videos Whatever Happened To... Special Reports Videos Photo Galleries Utah Bucket List Mormon Rivals Preparing to play Sports All Sports Olympics TribPreps Utah Jazz Utah Utes BYU Cougars USU Aggies WSU Wildcats College RSL Grizzlies Bees Winter Sports Outdoors Gordon Monson Kurt Kragthorpe All-time BYU football stats All-time Utes football stats Money All Money Top Workplaces Home Prices Blogs All Blogs The Utah Effect Politics The Cricket TV Jazz Notes U of U Sports BYU Sports Prep Sports RSL Hiking Sundance Opinion All Opinion Editorials Commentary Letters Bagley Cartoons Rolly Cannon Kirby Submit a Letter Faith All Faith LDS Church Religion news Faith Blog Entertainment All Entertainment Calendar Film-Finder Movies Restaurants Lifestyle Arts Food Music TV Sundance Shopping Puzzles & Games Comics Horoscopes Membership Ad-Free Site Login Become a Member Account Login Member FAQ Obituaries Search Obituaries Place an Obituary Marketplace Search Cars Search Homes Search Jobs Search Marketplace Legal Notices Other Services Advertise With Us Subscribe to the Newspaper Access your e-Edition Frequently Asked Questions Contact a newsroom staff member Access the Trib Archives Privacy Policy Missing your paper? Need to place your paper on vacation hold? For this and any other subscription related needs, click here or call 801.204.6100 Copyright @ 2016, The Salt Lake Tribune
null
e-Edition Obituaries Photo Gallery Magazines Scholarships Paywall Login Login to Comment Register November 20th, 2016 Menu Home News Sports Business Entertainment Classifieds Life Commentary Contact Local News Provincial News National News World News Drugmaker losses pull stocks lower; small-cap surge goes on Business Related Apps of the Week Poll Have you started Christmas shopping yet? Yes No View Results  Loading ... @MedicineHatNews Follow Us By Marley Jay, The Associated Press on November 18, 2016. 00000 NEW YORK – Major U.S. stock indexes slipped Friday as drug companies dragged the market lower. Small-company stocks bucked the downward trend and continued to climb, and bond yields rose to their highest level in a year. Drugmakers like Merck and biotech company Amgen took some of the biggest losses Friday. Weak results from Gap and Abercrombie & Fitch hurt retailers as investors kept a close eye on the upcoming holiday season. Small companies including regional banks continued to make large gains. Those stocks have risen sharply since the presidential election last week and are now at record highs. “Some of the proposals that (President-elect Donald) Trump has promoted, specifically deregulation and also some of his trade proposals, are better for small companies than potentially they are for large ones,” said Katie Nixon, chief investment officer for Northern Trust. The Dow Jones industrial average slid 35.89 points, or 0.2 per cent, to 18,867.93. The Standard & Poor’s 500 index lost 5.22 points, or 0.2 per cent, to 2,181.90. The Nasdaq composite touched a record high early on, but turned lower and gave up 12.46 points, or 0.2 per cent, to 5,321.51. That’s not a big loss, but the major indexes hadn’t fallen that much since before the presidential election. Still, the S&P 500 and Nasdaq finished substantially higher this week after their big gains the week before. But indexes of smaller companies, like the Russell 2000 and the S&P 600, did better. They are on 11-day winning streaks and have hit all-time highs. Among small-company stocks, mortgage lending service company LendingTree added $6.80, or 7.3 per cent, to $100 and coal miner Cloud Peak Energy rose 79 cents, or 15.8 per cent, to $5.79. Losses for drug companies weighed down health care stocks. Botox maker Allergan retreated $8.20, or 4.1 per cent, to $191.78 and biotech giant Amgen fell $2.13, or 1.4 per cent, to $145.23. Hepatitis C drugmaker Gilead Sciences shed 96 cents, or 1.3 per cent, to $74.62. Drug company stocks are coming off their biggest weekly gain in two years. The stocks had been falling in the months leading up to the election because investors worried that under a Hillary Clinton presidency, the federal government would take steps to rein in drug prices. Those kinds of steps are less likely under a Trump presidency and a Republican-controlled Congress. The dollar continued to climb. It’s near one-year highs against the euro and six-month highs against the yen. The dollar rose to 110.63 yen from 109.89 yen. The euro fell to $1.0599 from $1.0626. The dollar hasn’t been this strong since early 2003. Nixon of Northern Trust said that’s affecting big multinational companies because it can hurt their sales outside the U.S., but it’s less of a problem for smaller, domestically-oriented companies. Investors continued to sell U.S. government bonds at a rapid clip, and bond prices wobbled and turned lower. The yield on the 10-year Treasury note rose to 2.34 per cent from 2.30 per cent. Bond prices have fallen hard since the election and yields are now at their highest in a year. Teen clothing company Abercrombie & Fitch plunged $2.33, or 13.8 per cent, to $14.60 after it reported weak sales and a smaller profit than analysts had expected. Gap’s said fewer people visited its stores heading into the holiday season. Its stock gave up $5.10, or 16.6 per cent, to $25.61. Sporting goods Hibbett Sports retailer cut its annual forecasts after a weak third-quarter report. It dropped $4.90, or 10.8 per cent, to $40.40. Shoppers are not buying as many clothes and moving toward discount chains. That trend continued as discount retailer Ross Stores rose $2.47, or 3.8 per cent, to $68 after it posted a better-than-expected profit and sales. Companies that sell common household products are also moving lower. Procter & Gamble gave up $1.07, or 1.3 per cent, to $82 and drugstore operator Walgreens Boots Alliance slumped 72 cents to $83.27. Those companies have fallen since the election as investors buy companies that could benefit more from faster economic growth. Benchmark U.S. crude rose 27 cents to close at $45.69 a barrel in New York, while Brent crude, which is used to price international oils, added 37 cents to $46.86 a barrel in London. Energy companies traded higher. Chevron rose $1.08, or 1 per cent, to $109.20 and ConocoPhillips jumped $1.15, or 2.6 per cent, to $44.76. Gold fell $8.20 to $1,208.70 an ounce. Silver lost 15 cents to $16.62 an ounce. Copper dipped 2 cents to $2.47 a pound. In other energy trading, wholesale gasoline stayed at $1.34 a gallon. Heating oil picked up 1 cent to $1.46 a gallon. Natural gas climbed 14 cents, or 5.2 per cent, to $2.84 per 1,000 cubic feet. France’s CAC 40 fell 0.5 per cent and the FTSE 100 in Britain dipped 0.3 per cent. The German DAX lost 0.2 per cent. Japan’s benchmark Nikkei 225 index added 0.6 per cent as the yen hit a six-month low, helping shares of the country’s big exporters. South Korea’s Kospi shed 0.3 per cent and Hong Kong’s Hang Seng rose 0.4 per cent. ____ AP Markets Writer Marley Jay can be reached at http://twitter.com/MarleyJayAP His work can be found at http://bigstory.ap.org/journalist/marley-jay 00000 Leave a Reply Click here to cancel reply. You must be logged in to post a comment. More ways to get to us Twitter Facebook Instagram YouTube Tumblr ePaper Login Subscribe Archive About Us The Medicine Hat News Other Publications Contact Careers Contact the Medicine Hat News 3257 Dunmore Rd SE Medicine Hat, AB T1B 3R2 [P] 403.527.1101 [F] 403.528.5696 Contact Careers Print Advertising: 403.528.5659 National Advertising: 403.528.5766 Online Advertising: 403.528.5698 Classifieds: 403.526.7653 © 1996-2016 The Medicine Hat News, A Division of Continental Newspapers Canada Ltd. Advertising Terms and Conditions & Privacy policy
Want up-to-the- minute news? Sign up for HAMODIA'S Breaking News Emails* *You can select which emails you'd like to receive. Go × Home | Archive | Advertise | Subscribe | About Us | Contact Us י"ט חשון תשע"ז   |   Sunday, November 20, 2016 Hamodia - The daily newspaper of torah jewry Subscribe to the Hamodia print edition Sections Business Tech World Regional Israel Community National Politics Op-Ed Features Letters Classifieds Business Wall Street Slips, Led by Healthcare Decline Wall Street Slips, Led by Healthcare Decline Saturday, November 19, 2016 at 5:27 pm | י"ח חשון תשע"ז (AP Photo/Jin Lee, File) NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. stocks ended lower on Friday, with healthcare stocks leading the declines, as investors cashed in on a post-election rally and waited for clarity on the next administration’s policies. Wall Street equities took a breather after rising dramatically since Donald Trump’s surprise victory in the presidential election last week. While the three major indexes closed higher for the second week in a row, the rally lost some steam this week as investors awaited more information to support their bets that Trump could succeed in passing proposals to lift infrastructure spending and reduce taxes. “I see the market kind of churning here because it’s had a very decent move,” said Ken Polcari, director of the NYSE floor division at O’Neil Securities in New York. “Trump’s policies continue to be just rhetoric because none of it has been enacted.” The Dow Jones industrial average fell 35.89 points, or 0.19 percent, to 18,867.93 while the S&P 500 dropped 5.22 points, or 0.24 percent, to 2,181.9. The Nasdaq Composite slipped 12.46 points, or 0.23 percent, to 5,321.51 after hitting a record of 5346.8. The Nasdaq’s biggest drags came from technology companies such as Alphabet Inc. and drug firms including Amgen. Six of the 11 major S&P 500 sectors closed lower. Losses in shares of Allergan Plc and Merck were the biggest drags on the S&P health sector, which led the decliners. The health index pared its post-election lift but was still 1.8 percent higher than Nov. 8, even after Friday’s drop of 1.2 percent. Only five of the indexes stocks ended higher. Consumer staples fell 0.4 percent, weighed down by a 1.3 percent fall in Procter & Gamble. The S&P energy sector was the second-best performer with a 0.5 percent increase as producers added to rig count, suggesting that they might be expecting a demand boost, Polarci said. Traders are pricing in an 83 percent chance for the Federal Reserve to raise interest rates in December, according to Thomson Reuters data. The S&P financial sector ended up 0.08 percent, and has risen 10.8 percent since the U.S. election, boosted by the prospect of higher interest rates and lighter regulation. St. Louis Fed President James Bullard said Friday he was leaning toward supporting a December increase and that the real question would be the Fed’s rate path in 2017. Kansas City Federal Reserve Bank President Esther George said that while she supports raising rates, the U.S. central bank must do so only gradually. The comments added to Fed Chair Janet Yellen’s Thursday statement that the rate hike could come “relatively soon.” Gap fell 16.6 percent and Abercrombie & Fitch fell 13.8 percent. Both retailers warned of a challenging end-of-year quarter. Declining issues outnumbered advancing ones on the NYSE by a 1.10-to-1 ratio; on Nasdaq, a 1.18-to-1 ratio favored advancers. The S&P 500 posted 32 new 52-week highs and four new lows; the Nasdaq Composite recorded 253 new highs and 30 new lows. About 6.69 billion shares changed hands in U.S. exchanges, well below the 8.02 billion average for the last 20 sessions. Filed under: Markets, Wall Street Print Email Gmail Related Asian Stocks Mixed After Wall Street Decline Asian Markets Lower After Wall Street Decline Energy, Mining Stocks Lead A Decline on Wall Street  Wall Street Falls as Energy Lags; Stocks Post Gains on Week Wall Street Pulls Off a Rare Four-Day Winning Streak Subscribe to the Hamodia print edition More in Business U.K. Treasury Chief: Brexit Uncertainty Could Drag on Economy U.S. Stocks Slip as Health Care and Technology Take Losses Volkswagen to Shed 30,000 Jobs, Cutting Costs After Scandal Asian Shares Mixed, Nikkei Up as Yellen Remarks Lift Dollar Business Briefs – November 17, 2016 OP-ED On Seeking Counsel Hillary Clinton Wasn’t The Only Big Election Loser A Common Sense Regulation Where Do We Go From Here? Democracy or Anarchy? Media Cutting Off the Branch It’s Sitting On After the Election Michael Bloomberg or Bruce Rauner? Glimmer of Light in a Dark Campaign The Day After How The New Republican Majority Can Succeed The Sleep Incentive Democrats in Congress Should Try Cooperation A Seriously Trumped-Up Charge Features Mishmeres HaSholom: Ask the Rav Life Saver Insights Into Salt Brilliant Torah Insights From Harav Yissocher Dov Rokeach, Zy”a This Day In History 17 Cheshvan/November 18 הרה”ק רבי ישכר דב מבעלזא זי”ע Sudoku – November 18, 2016 Nichum Aveilim 17 Cheshvan/November 18 Editorial Cartoon – November 18, 2016 Hot And Cold Are Dairy Fats Different? Maybe You Don’t Really Need to Drink So Much Water Every Day Brown, Blond or Red? This Day In History 16 Cheshvan/November 17 Weather » Brooklyn 40°F Overcast See more locations » Stocks » NASDAQ 5,321.51 -12.46 (-0.23%) S&P 500 2,181.90 -5.22 (-0.24%) See more stocks » Currency » EUR 0.9443 GBP 0.8098 ILS 3.8851 CHF 1.0099 See more currencies » Got a news tip, picture or story to share? Contribute Sections Business Markets Technology World Regional Israel Community National Op-Ed Features Resources Weather Currency Stocks Zmanim Shiurim Simchas Readers Subscribe Letters Archives Classifieds Company Advertise Privacy Policy Terms of Use About Us Contact Us ➧
Home ‘Demonetisation will cause inconvenience, but country will come out victorious’ Sindhu wins maiden Super Series Premier title Indore-Patna Express derails in Kanpur; death toll rises to 115 One crore in scrapped Rs. 1,000 notes seized; 4 detained in Mumbai Chennai   | Hyderabad   | Bengaluru   | Delhi   | Mumbai   | Tamil Nadu   | Andhra Pradesh   | Environment   | Cinema   | thREAD   | Metroplus   | Specials    Today's Paper All Sections News News National International Andhra Pradesh Karnataka Kerala Tamil Nadu Telangana Other states Cities Business Business Agri-Business Economy Industry Markets OP-ED Opinion Columns Editorial Interview Readers' Editor Resources Resources The India Cables Elections Topics Events Lit for Life November Fest Life & Style Entertainment Art Cinema Dance History & Culture Music Theatre Motoring Travel Books Literary Review Know Your English Videos Videos Features Cinema Downtown Education Plus Friday Review Magazine Metroplus Property Plus Young World In School Empower Specials Specials In Depth Live Chat Timelines Data Sport Sport Cricket Football Hockey Tennis Races Other Sports Sci-Tech Sci-Tech Environment Health Science Technology Gadgets Internet News ‘More lives lost in the name of religion than political ideology’ ‘Demonetisation will cause inconvenience, but country will come out victorious’ Demonetisation: Centre sends teams to study impact Depositing unaccounted money in other's account may invite up to 7 years jail International   | National   | Cities    National Indore-Patna Express derails in Kanpur; death toll rises to 115 Aircel-Maxis: Court to pass order on charge, bail on November 30 Demonetisation: Centre sends teams to study impact Depositing unaccounted money in other's account may invite up to 7 years jail Andhra Pradesh   | Karnataka   | Kerala   | Tamil Nadu   | Telangana   | Other States    Andhra Pradesh   | Karnataka   | Kerala   | Tamil Nadu   | Telangana   | Other States    International Sikh harassed, woman attacked after bandanna mistaken for hijab in U.S. Arch-rivals Trump and Romney meet, discuss world affairs Pakistan claims downing of Indian drone Donald Trump demands apology from ‘very rude’ Hamilton cast South Asia   | World    South Asia   | World    Opinion A new idiom of Dalit assertion Reaching the new normal The morality of binaries Justice beyond borders Russia’s move to quit the International Criminal Court (ICC) is the outcome of ... Cartoon   | Columns   | Editorial   | Interview   | Lead   | Letters   | Comment   | Open Page   | Readers' Editor    Business ‘Panic following withdrawal of notes has largely faded’ ‘About 47,000 ATMs have been recalibrated’ UPA government also proposed it, we said no Security features of the new Rs. 2000 and Rs. 500 notes Agri-Business   | Budget   | Industry   | Economy   | Markets   | Stock Quotes    Sport India get crucial breakthroughs after Cook-Hamid defiance New Zealand thrash Pakistan in first Test Sindhu wins maiden Super Series Premier title Ashwin, Kohli accentuate India’s advantage Cricket   | Football   | Hockey   | Tennis   | Races   | Other Sports    Videos Features Sci-Tech Crossword Health Medicine Policy & Issues Sci-Tech » Health November 20, 2016 Updated: November 20, 2016 02:12 IST Owning up to the onus Ramya Kannan Comment   ·   print   ·   T  T   T+  ·   T- Tweet Reuters CLEAN-UP NEEDED Indian antibiotics plants pose a dangerto human health and environment by causing drug-resistant bacteria. V Geetanath » B Rishikesh Bahadurdesai » Zahid Rafiq » TOPICS  Weekend Being health medical research Pharmaceutical majors, including top names in India, commit to a new road map to combat antimicrobial resistance. Putting proper effluent treatment protocols in place would be a good start Something quite significant happened this last quarter that is likely to have a huge impact on the healthcare industry globally. Ahead of the United Nations General Assembly (UNGA) High-Level Meeting on Antimicrobial Resistance (AMR), 13 pharmaceutical companies came up with a new road map, assigning to themselves four key commitments that they will deliver by 2020 to reduce resistance. Companies that have signed up to the scheme include some of the top names in drug production, including Pfizer, Merck, Novartis, GlaxoSmithKline and Allergan, and Indian drug makers Cipla and Wockhardt. The presentation they made was cognisant of, and allowed itself to be guided by the principles identified and agreed upon in the industry declaration made at the 2016 World Economic Forum in Davos earlier this year, and reflect the companies’ intent to continue to proactively contribute to the global efforts to address AMR. One of the key commitments on the list was to “reduce the environmental impact from the production of antibiotics, including a review of the companies’ manufacturing and supply chains, and work with stakeholders to establish a common framework for assessing and managing antibiotic discharge”. While awareness on use/misuse and abuse of antibiotics is common knowledge, as is the impact of dosing poultry with antibiotics, the environmental impact of antibiotics-manufacturing companies not treating their wastes has scarcely been discussed at any length or seriousness thus far.Towards sustainable antibiotics As they begin delivering on their commitments, a fresh hope emerges in a world that is literally down to its last effective bunch of antibiotics with the emergence of resistance even to last-line drugs. Changing Markets, a global organisation working in the environment sector, came up with a report in October detailing just how grave the problem is. The report, ‘Superbugs in the Supply Chain: How pollution from antibiotics factories in India and China is fuelling the global rise of drug-resistant infections’, exposed the “occurrence of resistant bacteria surrounding the pharma manufacturing plants and maps out the supply chain which delivers antibiotics from the dirty factories where they are produced to patients in Europe and the United States”. The field investigation took place in June 2016 and subsequent water samples were analysed under the supervision of Dr. Mark Holmes from the University of Cambridge. They were found to contain high levels of drug-resistant bacteria at sites in three Indian cities: Hyderabad, New Delhi and Chennai. In total, out of the 34 sites tested, 16 were found to be harbouring bacteria resistant to antibiotics. Anurag Roy, business unit director of DSM Sinochem Pharmaceuticals, says the situation is indeed grave in the country. While his company has made a voluntary commitment to sustainable antibiotics and spends higher to deliver on this goal, he says currently without regulatory systems in place, the responsibility rests with the manufacturer. Five of their production units globally, including in India, have gone clean. “In the last four-five years, we have seen a lot of traction, and we have started to educate several stakeholders. If you do not have these systems in place, then wastes from the plant seep into the ground and enter the ecosystem,” he explains. “We need to make a fundamental change in dealing with such wastes. Three areas need attention: treating water wastes, incinerators, and evaporators,” he adds, indicating the path ahead for manufacturers. Without interventions, substandard manufacturing and waste treatment methods at Indian antibiotics plants pose a danger to human health and environment by causing drug-resistant bacteria. As the World Health Organisation’s Director General Margaret Chan says, the emergency is now: “With few replacement products in the R&D pipeline, the world is heading towards a post-antibiotic era in which common infections will once again kill. If current trends continue, sophisticated interventions, like organ transplantation, joint replacements, cancer chemotherapy, and care of pre-term infants, will become more difficult or even too dangerous to undertake.”Government to the rescue? Invested with every manufacturer is the responsibility not only of developing new molecules to take on the challenge of AMR but also preventing the spread of AMR directly in their processes. Abdul Ghafur, co-ordinator, ‘Chennai Declaration’, a document prepared in 2012 to tackle the AMR challenge from an Indian perspective, comments: “It is true that reputed companies follow proper effluent treatment protocols. At the same time, many drug manufacturers are not so careful about this important aspect.” Mr. Roy sums it up with a clear inward eye: “Clearly, the onus lies with us pharma companies… we need to be mindful, watchful and proactive. The government should step in to regulate, especially in a price-sensitive market such as ours. In more regulated markets, people are willing to pay extra if they know that clean systems drive production.” In India, he reckons, costs may go up 20-30 per cent initially after making changes to the infrastructure in factories. A challenge all right, but not one the antibiotics industry with the heft of billions of dollars behind it cannot overcome. ramya.kannan@thehindu.co.in Keywords: antimicrobial resistance Post Comment More In: Health | Sci-Tech | Comment | Opinion | Newsletter Tweet Please Wait while comments are loading... 1.  Comments will be moderated by The Hindu editorial team. 2.  Comments that are abusive, personal, incendiary or irrelevant cannot be published. 3.  Please write complete sentences. Do not type comments in all capital letters,       or in all lower case letters, or using abbreviated text.       (example: u cannot substitute for you, d is not 'the', n is not 'and'). 4.  We may remove hyperlinks within comments. 5.  Please use a genuine email ID and provide your name, to avoid rejection. Get News Delivered To Your Email Send Me News Please enter a valid email address. Kindly confirm the Newsletter subscription by clicking the link that your have received by email NEVER miss any latest news! we will have it delivered to your inbox! SUBSCRIBE Please enter a valid email address. Newsletter has been successfully subscribed. Latest in this section Owning up to the onus A silken touch to healing Healthy children build healthy nations Demystifying Science: What is Frankenfixation? Around the world - November 20, 2016 Dr. Humerus - November 20, 2016 Not consulted on scrapping drug pricing agency: Chairman Form nodal agency to check online pre-natal sex selection ads: SC Indian Medical Association protests against proposal to dissolve Medical Council of India New wearable device may help treat diabetes Policy & Issues Indian Medical Association protests against proposal to dissolve Medical Council of India Second draft of medical device regulations disappointing: Industry State Health Spending: Salaries get the maximum share Personal and public choices eroding health When policy attention is the best remedy Form nodal agency to check online pre-natal sex selection ads: SC Centre forms high-level panel to monitor bird flu situation Weighing in on sugar tax The End TB strategy Most Popular Most Commented Healthy children build healthy nations Owning up to the onus A silken touch to healing Chikungunya: symptoms, treatment and prevention Demystifying Science: What is Frankenfixation? Around the world - November 20, 2016 Dr. Humerus - November 20, 2016 Not consulted on scrapping drug pricing agency: Chairman The biology of first cousin marriages India has 3rd-highest number of HIV-infected people: UN Medicine Gene mutation that ups miscarriage risk found Nobel Prize in Medicine awarded to Yoshinori Ohsumi Why the Nobel Prize winning discovery of autophagy matters One-third of total maternal deaths in 2015 happened in India and Nigeria Delhi dengue, chikungunya deaths: Centre seeks report Sun Pharma signs deal to develop dengue vaccine Endosulfan Endosulfan – The spray of death Giving hope to parents and their children CUK symposium on endosulfan from Feb 19 Relief for endosulfan victims HC: provide medical cover to endosulfan victims by March More Endosulfan » Today's Paper ePaper This Day That Age Crossword Archive Group Sites The Hindu தி இந்து Business Line BL on Campus Sportstarlive Frontline The Hindu Centre Images Classifieds RoofandFloor O P E N close Recent Article in Health A silken touch to healing A silk protein-derived product developed by a Bengaluru-based company promises to be a cleaner alternative to the traditional dressing for wounds » The Hindu: Home | Today's Paper | News | National | International | Opinion | Business | Sport | Videos | Features | Sci-Tech | Crossword | The Site: | About Us | Terms of Use | Privacy Policy | Contacts | Archive | Subscribe | RSS Feeds | Site Map Group Sites: The Hindu | தி இந்து | Business Line | BL on Campus | Sportstarlive | Frontline | The Hindu Centre | RoofandFloor | STEP | Publications | eBooks | Images | Classifieds | Comments to: web.thehindu@thehindu.co.in  Copyright© 2016, The Hindu
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login MENU Latest Stock Picks News Investing News Fool Podcasts Guides How to Invest Retirement Personal Finance Motley Fool Answers Options Trading Find a Broker Compare IRA Accounts ETF - Exchange Traded Funds Community Discussion Boards CAPS More About Help My Fool My Fool My Profile My Watchlist My Scorecard My Boards My CAPS My Reports My Subscriptions My Settings Premium Advice My Services None Other Services None Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Search Search: Can Bristol-Myers Squibb's Dividend Even Survive? Cash generated by Bristol's operations is spread pretty thin. Should shareholders brace for another years-long dividend freeze -- or worse? Cory Renauer (TMFang4apples) Nov 19, 2016 at 12:04PM Image source: Getty Images. The 21st century hasn't been easy for yield-hungry Bristol-Myers Squibb (NYSE:BMY) shareholders. The company froze its quarterly payout at $0.28 from 2001 through 2007, and the last four payments of $0.38 constitute a dismal growth rate of about 2.65% over the past 16 years. Despite such cautious raises, the dividend is teetering on the edge of sustainability. Can Opdivo sales grow fast enough to support further increases, or should investors brace for a pay cut? Let's take a closer look at Bristol's finances and the competitive landscape to uncover its main growth-driver and find out. Stretched thin During the first nine months of 2016, Bristol-Myers Squibb paid $1.9 billion to shareholders in the form of dividends and generated about $3.6 billion in net income over the same period. On the surface, a 53% payout ratio -- the percentage of net income distributed as dividends -- during this period hardly suggests a problem. Bristol's free cash flow of just $578 million in the first nine months, however, tells a much different story. Free cash flow is cash generated by operations minus capital expenditures spent to keep those operations humming along, but income investors like to view it as funds available to distribute as dividends or share buybacks. It's a useful barometer in situations like this, because it generally strips away non-cash charges and events unrelated to operations that impact net income figures. It can get a bit complex, but you don't need an accounting degree to understand that a business simply can't distribute more cash than it generates for very long. BMY Dividends Paid (TTM) data by YCharts. The disparity between Bristol-Myers Squibb's net income and free cash flow this year owes largely to asset sales and $500 million in deferred income tax payments. In February, the company sold a collection of not-yet-approved HIV assets to a joint venture formed by GlaxoSmithKline and Pfizer, known as ViiV healthcare, for $350 million up front. In May, it sold its interest in an over-the-counter drug business for another $317 million. The candidates sold to ViiV could generate up to $5.4 billion in milestone payments, plus royalties, but this revenue stream is far from guaranteed, given the increasingly competitive HIV space. Trouble bridging the gap Bristol-Myers Squibb exited September with about $4.2 billion in working capital. This might be enough to continue raising its dividend gradually, but it needs to ramp up sales in the years ahead to avoid slashing the payout. Until recently, Bristol's star cancer immunotherapy looked like it was up to the task, but a recent clinical setback cast a shadow over Opdivo's growth story. The exciting therapy blocks the PD-1 shutoff switch on immune cells, which many tumors exploit to avoid attack. Unfortunately, it's not the only drug of this class. Keytruda from Merck & Co. (NYSE:MRK) operates the same way, and Tecentriq from Roche acts on tumor cells to block the same switch. Over the past year, Opdivo sales soared after the FDA expanded its label to include patients with the most common type of lung cancer, but only when their disease progresses during or after standard chemotherapy treatment. Bristol tried to prove Opdivo could also work in newly diagnosed, untreated patients, but the drug failed to outperform standard chemo in a head-to-head trial with this group. Among patients with PD-L1 -- a protein that throws the PD-1 shutoff switch on immune cells -- on 5% or more of their tumor cells, at least half treated with standard chemo progressed after 5.9 months, versus just 4.2 months in the group treated with Opdivo. Opdivo's growth story took another turn for the worse in October, when the FDA approved Merck's Keytruda for a similar population. Its main competitor became the first chemo-free option for newly diagnosed lung cancer patients with PD-L1 on at least half of their tumor cells. Compared to standard chemo, Keytruda lowered the risk of disease progression or death by about 50%. Down, not out In the U.S., lung cancer is the most deadly malignancy, and it looks like Keytruda will soon knock Opdivo out of the lead in this important indication. Luckily for Bristol, Opdivo has the jump on Keytruda in kidney cancer and Hodgkin lymphoma. Although its lung cancer setback might knock a few billion off the therapy's peak sales potential, Opdivo sales are still expected to top out around $10 billion by 2025. Image source: Getty Images. Third-quarter Opdivo sales suggest an annual run rate of about $2.8 billion. If Bristol's main growth-driver doesn't disappoint again, then maintaining and raising its dividend at a faster pace than investors have grown accustomed to isn't out of the question. Bristol tends to announce payout raises in December, and another $0.01 bump would provide a 2.77% forward yield. If you're uncomfortable with future increases that are largely dependent on Opdivo's continued success, then it might be a good idea to look elsewhere. Cory Renauer has no position in any stocks mentioned. You can follow Cory on Twitter @TMFang4apples or LinkedIn for more healthcare industry insight. The Motley Fool has no position in any of the stocks mentioned. Try any of our Foolish newsletter services free for 30 days. We Fools may not all hold the same opinions, but we all believe that considering a diverse range of insights makes us better investors. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author Cory Renauer (TMFang4apples) Cory is a long-term minded analyst focused on the Biopharma, and Med-Tech industries. He genuinely enjoys cutting through the complexity to help everyday investors make better decisions. Follow @TMFang4apples Article Info Nov 19, 2016 at 12:04PM Health Care Stocks Merck and Co. NYSE:MRK $61.87 down $0.83 (-1.32%) Bristol-Myers Squibb NYSE:BMY $56.76 up $0.08 (0.14%) Read More 3 Great Dividend Stocks in the Bargain Bin for Retirees 3 Reasons Bristol-Myers Is a Buy Why Regulus Therapeutics Is Slumping 14% Today After Opdivo's Failure, Is Merck a Better Buy Than Bristol-Myers? Exelixis, Inc. Prepares for Blastoff Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Terms of Use Privacy Policy Copyright, Trademark and Patent Information Terms and Conditions © 1995 - 2016 The Motley Fool. All rights reserved. Current New stock picks released in...         Get The Picks x
The Financial Express | Financial Online Newspaper Today's FE Dhaka,  Sun,  20 November 2016 Home Economy Finance Trade and Market Stock National World Editorial Op-Ed Sci-tech Education Sports Health Entertainment Economy National Economy Global Economy Finance Trade and Market Stock Global Stock Bangladesh National Politics Country Crime World America Asia Europe Africa Editorial Op-Ed Views Columns Opinion Reviews Analysis LETTERS Sci-tech Technology Science Environment More Education Sports Health Entertainment Miscellaneous E-PAPER 1JANATAMF 5.00   0.10 2.04%   1STPRIMFMF 8.70   0.10 1.16%   AAMRATECH 26.60   0.90 3.50%   ABB1STMF 5.00   0.10 2.04%   ABBANK 21.30   1.90 9.79%   ACI   -1.90   ACIFORMULA 161.00   5.00 3.21%   ACMELAB 101.50   -1.60 -1.55%   ACTIVEFINE 39.00   -0.10 -0.26%   AFCAGRO 45.80   0.40 0.88%   AFTABAUTO 55.60   -1.20 -2.11%   AGRANINS 17.50   0.20 1.16%   AIBL1STIMF 7.90   -0.10 -1.25%   AL-HAJTEX 95.30   0.40 0.42%   ALARABANK 15.20   0.00 0.00%   ALLTEX 9.90   0.70 7.61%   AMANFEED 69.70   -7.40 -9.60%   AMBEEPHA 442.00   -0.10 -0.02%   AMCL(PRAN) 199.60   0.40 0.20%   ANWARGALV 71.80   -0.70 -0.97%   APEXFOODS 143.20   4.00 2.87%   APEXFOOT 352.50   -7.10 -1.97%   APEXSPINN 120.40   1.10 0.92%   APEXTANRY 127.50   3.00 2.41%   ARAMIT 351.00   2.90 0.83%   ARAMITCEM 31.60   1.40 4.64%   ARGONDENIM 27.40   -0.80 -2.84%   ASIAINS 16.60   0.20 1.22%   ASIAPACINS 16.60   0.30 1.84%   ATCSLGF 10.30   -0.10 -0.96%   ATLASBANG 115.50   3.20 2.85%   AZIZPIPES 62.00   -2.80 -4.32%   BANGAS 134.00   12.10 9.93%   BANKASIA 18.30   0.60 3.39%   BARKAPOWER 27.80   -1.80 -6.08%   BATASHOE 1185.00   8.40 0.71%   BATBC   24.50   BAYLEASING 20.40   0.10 0.49%   BBS   -0.60   BDAUTOCA 64.70   2.60 4.19%   BDCOM   -1.60   BDFINANCE 10.40   0.20 1.96%   BDLAMPS 173.40   3.40 2.00%   BDTHAI 22.10   -0.20 -0.90%   BDWELDING 8.90   -0.10 -1.11%   BEACHHATCH 8.30   -0.10 -1.19%   BENGALWTL 40.50   1.10 2.79%   BERGERPBL 2350.00   -19.30 -0.81%   BEXIMCO 23.40   1.10 4.93%   BGIC   -0.30   BIFC   0.10   BNICL   -0.40   BRACBANK 66.10   0.10 0.15%   BRACSCBOND 1030.00   -10.00 -0.96%   BSC   15.50   BSCCL   1.90   BSRMLTD 141.40   -0.50 -0.35%   BSRMSTEEL 93.30   -1.20 -1.27%   BXPHARMA 82.00   0.20 0.24%   BXSYNTH 5.80   0.00 0.00%   CENTRALINS 16.60   -0.30 -1.78%   CENTRALPHL 13.60   -0.30 -2.16%   CITYBANK 23.50   0.20 0.86%   CITYGENINS 14.50   -0.10 -0.68%   CMCKAMAL 14.80   0.20 1.37%   CNATEX 7.90   -0.10 -1.25%   CONTININS 16.80   0.10 0.60%   CVOPRL 193.70   0.40 0.21%   DACCADYE 6.80   0.00 0.00%   DBH   0.50   DBH1STMF 6.90   0.00 0.00%   DELTALIFE 98.90   -0.90 -0.90%   DELTASPINN 8.60   0.20 2.38%   DESCO   -0.50   DESHBANDHU 8.50   0.10 1.19%   DHAKABANK 16.70   0.40 2.45%   DHAKAINS 21.60   1.10 5.37%   DOREENPWR 108.80   -5.20 -4.56%   DSHGARME 294.50   -57.60 -16.36%   DSSL   1.10   DUTCHBANGL 107.20   -0.80 -0.74%   EASTERNINS 23.60   -0.60 -2.48%   EASTLAND 20.20   -0.40 -1.94%   EASTRNLUB 920.40   13.40 1.48%   EBL   -0.30   EBL1STMF 5.00   0.00 0.00%   EBLNRBMF 4.70   0.00 0.00%   ECABLES 142.60   0.20 0.14%   EHL   -1.00   EMERALDOIL 36.90   3.30 9.82%   ENVOYTEX 36.50   0.10 0.27%   ETL   0.50   EXIM1STMF 6.70   0.10 1.52%   EXIMBANK 10.80   0.10 0.93%   FAMILYTEX 7.90   0.00 0.00%   FARCHEM 21.30   1.70 8.67%   FAREASTFIN 10.10   0.30 3.06%   FAREASTLIF 64.00   0.00 0.00%   FASFIN 11.70   0.20 1.74%   FBFIF   0.00   FEDERALINS 10.20   0.10 0.99%   FEKDIL 22.70   0.40 1.79%   FINEFOODS 19.40   0.10 0.52%   FIRSTFIN 7.00   0.00 0.00%   FIRSTSBANK 12.50   0.40 3.31%   FORTUNE 47.30   1.10 2.38%   FUWANGCER 13.80   -0.40 -2.82%   FUWANGFOOD 12.70   0.20 1.60%   GBBPOWER 14.80   0.00 0.00%   GEMINISEA 779.80   -0.10 -0.01%   GENNEXT 6.80   -0.10 -1.45%   GHAIL   -0.10   GHCL   0.90   GLAXOSMITH 1568.10   1.20 0.08%   GLOBALINS 13.00   -0.10 -0.76%   GOLDENSON 16.10   0.70 4.55%   GP   3.70   GQBALLPEN 71.30   1.80 2.59%   GRAMEENS2 10.50   0.10 0.96%   GREENDELMF 6.90   0.00 0.00%   GREENDELT 46.40   -0.20 -0.43%   GSPFINANCE 20.50   0.20 0.99%   HAKKANIPUL 47.80   4.30 9.89%   HEIDELBCEM 546.50   1.40 0.26%   HFL   0.60   HRTEX   -0.40   HWAWELLTEX 34.50   -1.00 -2.82%   IBBLPBOND 973.50   2.50 0.26%   IBNSINA 213.30   1.40 0.66%   ICB   -0.40   ICB1STNRB 18.80   0.20 1.08%   ICB2NDNRB 7.80   0.00 0.00%   ICB3RDNRB 4.50   0.00 0.00%   ICBAMCL2ND 5.30   0.10 1.92%   ICBEPMF1S1 6.00   0.10 1.69%   ICBIBANK 4.10   0.10 2.50%   ICBSONALI1 6.10   0.10 1.67%   IDLC   0.10   IFADAUTOS 79.30   4.30 5.73%   IFIC   0.30   IFIC1STMF 4.70   -0.10 -2.08%   IFILISLMF1 6.60   -0.10 -1.49%   ILFSL   -0.10   IMAMBUTTON 10.90   0.20 1.87%   INTECH 12.00   0.40 3.45%   IPDC   0.00   ISLAMIBANK 30.20   0.00 0.00%   ISLAMICFIN 15.80   0.20 1.28%   ISLAMIINS 17.10   0.10 0.59%   ITC   1.70   JAMUNABANK 14.70   0.10 0.68%   JAMUNAOIL 191.50   -1.40 -0.73%   JANATAINS 12.40   -0.20 -1.59%   JMISMDL 154.10   -1.70 -1.09%   JUTESPINN 55.90   1.60 2.95%   KARNAPHULI 14.00   -0.30 -2.10%   KAY&QUE 26.60   -1.00 -3.62%   KDSALTD 68.90   3.40 5.19%   KEYACOSMET 10.00   0.00 0.00%   KOHINOOR 459.00   26.80 6.20%   KPCL   1.00   KPPL   0.30   LAFSURCEML 75.00   0.70 0.94%   LANKABAFIN 27.60   0.60 2.22%   LEGACYFOOT 19.20   0.60 3.23%   LIBRAINFU 488.00   0.00 0.00%   LINDEBD 1345.00   8.50 0.64%   LRGLOBMF1 6.70   0.10 1.52%   MAKSONSPIN 7.00   0.00 0.00%   MALEKSPIN 15.10   -0.20 -1.31%   MARICO 1215.00   -2.90 -0.24%   MATINSPINN 37.70   0.50 1.34%   MBL1STMF 6.80   -0.10 -1.45%   MEGCONMILK 6.90   -0.10 -1.43%   MEGHNACEM 93.50   1.00 1.08%   MEGHNALIFE 52.80   -0.20 -0.38%   MEGHNAPET 5.30   0.00 0.00%   MERCANBANK 14.30   0.10 0.70%   MERCINS 13.90   -0.10 -0.71%   MHSML   -0.40   MICEMENT 72.60   -1.70 -2.29%   MIDASFIN 23.50   0.40 1.73%   MIRACLEIND 41.30   3.60 9.55%   MITHUNKNIT 71.60   4.80 7.19%   MJLBD   0.20   MODERNDYE 187.00   2.40 1.30%   MONNOCERA 38.00   1.60 4.40%   MONNOSTAF 587.90   1.30 0.22%   MPETROLEUM 180.90   -0.90 -0.50%   MTB   0.20   NATLIFEINS 177.80   4.10 2.36%   NAVANACNG 55.60   -0.60 -1.07%   NBL   0.10   NCCBANK 10.80   0.10 0.93%   NFML   0.60   NHFIL   -2.80   NITOLINS 21.50   0.00 0.00%   NORTHERN 238.10   19.10 8.72%   NORTHRNINS 18.80   0.10 0.53%   NPOLYMAR 72.50   -12.60 -14.81%   NTC   45.00   NTLTUBES 132.80   6.30 4.98%   OAL   0.30   OLYMPIC 308.00   1.70 0.56%   ONEBANKLTD 15.40   0.40 2.67%   ORIONINFU 58.90   -0.50 -0.84%   ORIONPHARM 40.60   0.40 1.00%   PADMALIFE 23.20   0.30 1.31%   PADMAOIL 187.80   1.50 0.81%   PARAMOUNT 19.50   -0.10 -0.51%   PENINSULA 25.60   1.50 6.22%   PEOPLESINS 16.60   0.00 0.00%   PF1STMF 4.50   -0.10 -2.17%   PHARMAID 249.90   4.20 1.71%   PHENIXINS 22.20   0.00 0.00%   PHOENIXFIN 25.70   1.20 4.90%   PHPMF1 4.40   0.00 0.00%   PIONEERINS 29.30   -0.30 -1.01%   PLFSL   0.10   POPULAR1MF 4.40   0.00 0.00%   POPULARLIF 67.50   0.00 0.00%   POWERGRID 55.60   0.20 0.36%   PRAGATIINS 25.50   -0.20 -0.78%   PRAGATILIF 86.10   -1.70 -1.94%   PREMIERBAN 9.20   0.00 0.00%   PREMIERCEM 83.60   0.00 0.00%   PREMIERLEA 10.00   -0.10 -0.99%   PRIME1ICBA 5.00   -0.10 -1.96%   PRIMEBANK 15.80   0.30 1.94%   PRIMEFIN 8.00   -0.20 -2.44%   PRIMEINSUR 17.40   0.40 2.35%   PRIMELIFE 57.70   -0.10 -0.17%   PRIMETEX 22.80   0.50 2.24%   PROGRESLIF 50.00   0.00 0.00%   PROVATIINS 14.40   -0.10 -0.69%   PTL   0.40   PUBALIBANK 19.90   0.00 0.00%   PURABIGEN 15.60   -0.60 -3.70%   QSMDRYCELL 100.00   0.00 0.00%   RAHIMAFOOD 93.30   8.40 9.89%   RAHIMTEXT 237.50   2.90 1.24%   RAKCERAMIC 61.00   -0.80 -1.29%   RANFOUNDRY 103.80   1.20 1.17%   RDFOOD 15.30   -0.20 -1.29%   REGENTTEX 12.80   -0.10 -0.78%   RELIANCE1 8.00   0.00 0.00%   RELIANCINS 46.00   -0.20 -0.43%   RENATA 1092.10   0.70 0.06%   RENWICKJA 591.10   1.90 0.32%   REPUBLIC 16.40   0.00 0.00%   RNSPIN 17.30   0.00 0.00%   RSRMSTEEL 46.90   -1.00 -2.09%   RUPALIBANK 26.40   -0.40 -1.49%   RUPALIINS 17.30   -0.10 -0.57%   RUPALILIFE 35.50   -1.10 -3.01%   SAFKOSPINN 11.40   0.10 0.88%   SAIFPOWER 48.10   -0.40 -0.82%   SAIHAMCOT 13.70   -1.10 -7.43%   SAIHAMTEX 13.80   -0.10 -0.72%   SALAMCRST 29.90   2.20 7.94%   SALVOCHEM 13.40   0.00 0.00%   SAMATALETH 24.00   0.00 0.00%   SAMORITA 63.80   1.00 1.59%   SANDHANINS 29.70   -0.60 -1.98%   SAPORTL 40.00   0.50 1.27%   SAVAREFR 48.00   0.00 0.00%   SEBL1STMF 11.70   0.00 0.00%   SHAHJABANK 13.90   0.00 0.00%   SHASHADNIM 59.60   -2.10 -3.40%   SHURWID 8.40   0.00 0.00%   SHYAMPSUG 11.30   -0.10 -0.88%   SIBL   0.00   SIMTEX 20.50   0.30 1.49%   SINGERBD 186.00   3.70 2.03%   SINOBANGLA 24.20   0.80 3.42%   SONALIANSH 199.80   6.50 3.36%   SONARBAINS 16.30   1.10 7.24%   SONARGAON 8.60   0.00 0.00%   SOUTHEASTB 17.40   -0.10 -0.57%   SPCERAMICS 8.10   0.00 0.00%   SPCL   0.40   SQUARETEXT 65.90   0.60 0.92%   SQURPHARMA 246.10   -0.50 -0.20%   STANCERAM 53.40   1.40 2.69%   STANDARINS 17.70   0.20 1.14%   STANDBANKL 10.50   0.20 1.94%   STYLECRAFT 1600.00   -12.50 -0.78%   SUMITPOWER 34.50   0.00 0.00%   SUNLIFEINS 17.60   -0.30 -1.68%   TAKAFULINS 18.30   0.00 0.00%   TALLUSPIN 8.40   0.20 2.44%   TITASGAS 46.10   -1.30 -2.74%   TOSRIFA 17.10   -0.40 -2.29%   TRUSTB1MF 4.80   -0.10 -2.04%   TRUSTBANK 23.30   -0.20 -0.85%   TUNGHAI 10.90   0.20 1.87%   UCB   0.20   UNIONCAP 13.00   0.00 0.00%   UNIQUEHRL 40.00   0.00 0.00%   UNITEDAIR 4.60   0.10 2.22%   UNITEDFIN 21.40   0.90 4.39%   UNITEDINS 25.00   -0.20 -0.79%   UPGDCL 142.00   -0.10 -0.07%   USMANIAGL 91.00   -0.80 -0.87%   UTTARABANK 24.00   0.20 0.84%   UTTARAFIN 57.40   -0.90 -1.54%   VAMLBDMF1 8.90   0.00 0.00%   WATACHEM 159.60   -2.20 -1.36%   WMSHIPYARD 24.90   0.10 0.40%   YPL   -0.80   ZAHEENSPIN 15.30   0.20 1.32%   ZAHINTEX 15.50   0.20 1.31%   ZEALBANGLA 16.50   0.50 3.13%   Latest News 'Govt making all efforts to modernise armed forces' Patrol along Myanmar border intensified: Minister Bodi released from Kashimpur Central Jail Merkel to run for fourth term Renewable energy 'not attractive' as business in BD: Nasrul Board finalises draft proposal for wages of soap, cosmetic workers Payoneer puts thrust on simplification of BD's online cross border payment system Dhaka will bid to hold PATA Travel Mart Industry owners meet BEZA chief Govt chalks out various projects for Ctg port development Tapping potential of outsourcing IT TIME - 11:42 pm National Patrol along Myanmar border intensified: Minister Economy Bangladesh remittances total $4.25b in July-Oct World Merkel to run for fourth term Stock Key index crosses 4,700-mark PM assures 100pc safe water supply, sanitation TOP NEWS Gold prices fall, silver rise Bangladesh to import only cleaner gasoil from 2017 India crash deaths nearly 100 World leaders take aim at Trump's trade views 'Explain NHRC chair’s appointment' Russian ruble recovering again Bhutan allays BBIN concerns PEC, Ebtedayee examinations begin China pledges more on global trade 2 injured in 'gunfight' with police 'Govt making all efforts to modernise armed forces' November 20, 2016, 11:30 pm Prime Minister Sheikh Hasina on Sunday greeting members of the armed forces on the occasion of the Armed Forces Day-2016 to be observed on November 21 (Monday). In a message on the eve of the day, she said, the Awami League Read more Bodi released from Kashimpur Central Jail November 20, 2016, 11:09 pm Hours after the Supreme Court upheld a High Court order granting a six-month bail to him, Awami League MP Abdur Rahman Bodi was released from jail on Sunday night in a case filed for concealing information about his wealth. He walked Read more Economy Armenia sees record increase in exports Armenian President Serzh Sargsyan said his country had doubled its exports, including those to countries of the Eurasian Economic Union (EEU), in an interview with Sputnik Armenia On Thursday, reports Xinhua. Sargsyan said it was unfortunate that Armenia's accession to the EEU coincided with the imposing of sanctions against Russia, the main economic driving force the economic bloc. This created hassles for the Armenian economy due to the fact of it being "tied in a thousand ways to the economy of Russia." President Sargsyan, however, insisted his country had made the right choice joining EEU. "We have become a member of a China's economic expansion benefits MENA region: Expert November 19, 2016, 9:09 pm IMF hails Norway's reforms November 19, 2016, 9:04 pm IMF approves $162m loan to Sri Lanka November 19, 2016, 6:39 pm Inclusive approaches needed to achieve SDGs by 2030 November 19, 2016, 7:41 pm France cuts 2016 growth target to 1.4pc November 18, 2016, 8:58 pm Finance Income Tax Week begins Nov 24 The first-ever Income Tax Week will begin in the country on November 24. National Board of Revenue (NBR) will organise the income tax week for the first time to provide taxpayers with all tax related services including filing up of Overvalued taka stirs worries Chinese banks active in UAE to spur regional growth India bonds defy global rout Banks struggling to hit turnover heights Editorial Tapping potential of outsourcing IT A steady growth of the country's information technology (IT) sector Tapping potential of outsourcing IT A steady growth of the country's information technology (IT) sector Op-Ed Views on US election not factual I read with interest the recent article, written by Mr. Views on US election not factual I read with interest the recent article, written by Mr. Poor exit road at HSIA THE Hazrat Shahjalal International Airport (HSIA) is the main gateway Poor exit road at HSIA THE Hazrat Shahjalal International Airport (HSIA) is the main gateway Rural migration THIS is the year when more than half of our Rural migration THIS is the year when more than half of our Stock AB Bank tops DSE transaction chart for 2nd day AB Bank dominated the Dhaka Stock Exchange (DSE) transaction chart on Sunday for the two consecutive session while Grameenphone (GP) Bourses see moderate rise for 4th consecutive session Bank tax hampers mobilisation of deposits RBI proposes 'Islamic window' in banks SEBI mulls allowing FPIs to invest in unlisted NCDs Stocks begin week in green Revised CSE30 Index comes into effect today 15 win in DSE brokers polls European shares close lower National Sufia Kamal's death anniv observed The 17th death anniversary of legendary poet, political activist and torchbearer of women’s emancipation Sufia Kamal was observed across the country on Sunday. Different social and cultural organisations chalked out various programmes to observe the day. Sufia Kamal was also instrumental in naming the first women’s dormitory of Dhaka University as Rokeya Hall, after Begum Rokeya, who was her own inspiration. During Bangladesh’s Neo-JMB leader Sarwar's wife gives birth to son in prison PM expresses shock at deaths in Indian train crash HC wants to know initiatives to rescue ‘abducted’ doctor District council election on December 28 Govt for cut in transport fares Ivy collects nomination form Neo-JMB chief’s wife gives birth to baby boy Khaleda cuts 52-pound cakes on Tarique’s birthday Trade and Market Renewable energy 'not attractive' as business in BD: Nasrul State Minister for Power, Energy and Mineral Resources Nasrul Hamid on Sunday said that promoting renewable energy as business is “difficult” in Bangladesh due to resource constraints and land shortage. Despite that, he said, the government had set a target of obtaining 10 per cent of power from renewable sources by 2020. “You cannot compare us with Denmark or other developed countries. Board finalises draft proposal for wages of soap, cosmetic workers Payoneer puts thrust on simplification of BD's online cross border payment system Industry owners meet BEZA chief Bangladesh exploring markets for rice export: Quamrul Poland still has scope to use rates to impact economy: Minister Nokia to re-enter smartphone business in 2017 US House votes to bar sales of commercial aircraft to Iran Greece approves permit for Eldorado's Skouries gold mine World Death toll rises to 120 In India rain crash Death toll rose to 120 (till last count) and more than 200 are injured in the rail crash on early French minister calls for renewed Syria talks Peace treaty with Russia coming into sight: Japan PM Death toll from India train crash passes 100 Sci-tech Grand finale of 'Blueprints 2.0' Tuesday The stage is set for the final round of ‘Blueprints 2.0’ – a financial modeling competition. The NSU Finance Club, the Zuckerberg to combat fake news on Facebook Facebook clears $6b stock buyback SpaceX aims to launch internet from space Education Fewer candidates taking PEC, Ebtedayee tests this yr The Primary Education Completion (PEC) and Ebtedayee examinations 2016 began on Sunday in different exam centres across the country and UGC declares certificates by 18 private universities illegal   AMAL, dedicated healthcare service for underprivileged children SSC, equivalent exams begin Feb 2 Sports Brothers earn win over Arambagh CHITTAGONG, Nov 20 (UNB): Brothers Union Club toppled Arambagh KS beating them by 2-1 goals in the JB Bangladesh Premier BD to play Chinese Taipei in Asian Hockey today Progati Sangha share points with Youngmen's Club NZ pulverise Pakistan in 1st Test Health ‘Physicians need to attain people’s confidence’ Prime Minister Sheikh Hasina on Saturday urged the physicians to gain people’s confidence besides providing good medical service so that Zika emergency over: WHO Japan sets 50pc price cut for cancer drug Awareness the main catalyst to control growth of diabetes Entertainment Wedding solutions under one roof at bridal fest The three-day Wedding and Portrait Photographers of Bangladesh (WPPB) Bridal Festival was held at Gulshan Shooting Club in Dhaka on Versatile talks, performances rule day 2 of DLF Marc Anthony and Shannon De Lima Separate  Mallika Sherawat punched, tear gassed in Paris Politics JP to skip district council polls: Ershad Jatiya Party chairman HM Ershad has said that his party will not take part in district councils polls scheduled for Khaleda cuts 52-pound cakes on Tarique’s birthday BNP 'asks' Taimur to get ready for contesting NCC polls Quader urges AL followers to get united Country Authority cancels 60,356 cards, 13 dealerships in Rangpur div RANGPUR, Nov 20: A total of 60,356 cards and 13 dealerships have been cancelled so far owing to allegation of irregularities and embezzlement in distributing rice meant for selling at Tk 10 per kg to ultra-poor rural people in eight districts of Rangpur Division, divisional food office sources said. Cases have also been filed against six dealers. Fines of Tk 1,01,925 have been  collected, sources also said. Of the total, 7,519 cards of Rangpur district, 15,282 of Gaibandha, 5,643 of Kurigram, 2,494 ... Labour shortage disrupts T-Aman harvest in Bogra Chilli cultivators express dismay over market prices in Magura Speakers focus on raising crop intensity in Sylhet region PHOTO GALLERY Primary Education Completion (PEC) and Ebtedayee terminal examinations for fifth graders began today (Sunday) across the country. – Focus Bangla Prime Minister Sheikh Hasina releases a commemorative stamp after inaugurating the golden jubilee celebrations of Chittagong University on its central playground through a videoconference from Ganabhbaban on Saturday. –Focus Bangla Photo Prime Minister Sheikh Hasina addresses the inaugural ceremony of the 26th Annual Conference of Association of Thoracic & Cardiovascular Surgeons of Asia (ATCSA) at Hotel Radisson Blu in Dhaka on Saturday. –Focus Bangla Photo Industries Minister Amir Hossain Amu showing the GI (Geographical Indication) certificate, registered for Jamdani before handing it over to Bangladesh Small and Cottage Industries Corporation (BSCIC) Chairman Mustaq Hassan Md Iftekhar at the conference room of the ministry on Thursday. – PID photo Two foreigners along with a Bangladeshi literature buff going through a book at a stall at Bangla Academy premises on Thursday – the first day of the 3-day Dhaka LiT Fest. – FE photo more news Payoneer puts thrust on simplification of BD's online cross border payment system November 20, 2016, 9:49 pm Industry owners meet BEZA chief November 20, 2016, 9:48 pm Bangladesh exploring markets for rice export: Quamrul November 20, 2016, 9:46 pm Nokia to re-enter smartphone business in 2017 November 20, 2016, 9:44 pm All Headline News Stock market Final Index Change(Points) Change(%) ISSUES ADVANCED 125 ISSUES DECLINED 92 Most popular India crash deaths nearly 100 November 20, 2016, 9:43 am Bangladesh remittances total $4.25b in July-Oct November 20, 2016, 4:43 pm Trump meets former rival Romney November 20, 2016, 9:51 am Three posing as DB men arrested November 20, 2016, 9:41 am Sufia Kamals death anniv today November 20, 2016, 9:37 am 'Explain NHRC chairs appointment' November 20, 2016, 2:37 pm Top 10 gainers Based on YCP and Close Price Company YCP High Low CLOSE %CHG HAKKANIPUL 43.50 47.80 43.90 47.80 9.89 EMERALDOIL 33.60 36.90 34.00 36.90 9.82 MIRACLEIND 37.70 41.40 38.00 41.40 9.81 DSSL 11.30 12.40 11.70 12.40 9.74 ABBANK 19.40 21.30 19.50 21.20 9.28 NORTHERN 219.00 238.10 224.00 238.10 8.72 FARCHEM 19.60 21.50 19.60 21.30 8.67 SALAMCRST 27.70 30.00 27.60 29.80 7.58 MITHUNKNIT 66.80 71.90 67.50 71.70 7.34 NTC 601.00 646.00 606.30 642.10 6.84 Based on Open and Last Trade Price Company Open High Low Last Deviation ABBANK 19.50 21.30 19.50 21.30 9.23 MIRACLEIND 38.00 41.40 38.00 41.30 8.68 EMERALDOIL 34.00 36.90 34.00 36.90 8.53 DSHGARME 272.00 294.50 269.00 294.50 8.27 FARCHEM 19.70 21.50 19.60 21.30 8.12 SONARBAINS 15.10 16.30 15.10 16.30 7.95 HAKKANIPUL 44.40 47.80 43.90 47.80 7.66 SALAMCRST 27.80 30.00 27.60 29.90 7.55 IFADAUTOS 74.50 79.30 72.70 79.30 6.44 NORTHERN 224.00 238.10 224.00 238.10 6.30 Top 10 Loser Based on YCP and Close Price Company YCP High Low CLOSE %CHG DSHGARME 352.10 294.50 269.00 294.50 -16.36 NPOLYMAR 85.10 76.00 71.80 72.40 -14.92 AMANFEED 77.10 72.00 69.70 70.30 -8.82 SAIHAMCOT 14.80 14.00 13.50 13.70 -7.43 BDCOM 24.90 23.50 23.10 23.30 -6.43 BARKAPOWER 29.60 28.50 27.50 27.90 -5.74 NHFIL 54.50 54.50 51.60 52.20 -4.22 DOREENPWR 114.00 114.50 108.60 109.20 -4.21 AZIZPIPES 64.80 64.00 60.40 62.30 -3.86 KAY&QUE 27.60 27.50 26.10 26.60 -3.62 Based on Open and Last Trade Price Company Open High Low Last Deviation NHFIL 54.50 54.50 51.60 51.70 -5.14 SHASHADNIM 62.80 62.90 59.00 59.60 -5.10 NPOLYMAR 76.00 76.00 71.80 72.50 -4.61 DOREENPWR 113.70 114.50 108.60 108.80 -4.31 PURABIGEN 16.30 16.30 15.50 15.60 -4.30 RUPALILIFE 37.00 37.10 35.40 35.50 -4.05 MHSML 15.20 15.40 14.40 14.60 -3.95 ARGONDENIM 28.40 28.40 27.30 27.40 -3.52 TOSRIFA 17.70 17.70 17.10 17.10 -3.39 KAY&QUE 27.50 27.50 26.10 26.60 -3.27 Travel Bangladesh Biman Bangladesh Railway Radisson Blu Hotels in Bangladesh Money Exchange rate Currency Sell Purchase USD 78.95 77.94 GBP 118.00 117.96 EUR 83.78 83.75 Chinese Yuan 12.24 12.24 HK Dollar 10.2181 9.8929 Singapore dollar 63.6186 59.877 Saudi Rial 21.1918 20.52 Commodity price Commodity Price Change GOLD 1,270.40 (US $/oz) -0.6% SILVER 20.70 (US $/oz) -1.9% COPPER 7,12 (US$/mt) -0.7% CRUDE OIL 93.20 (USD/bbl.) -1.7% COTTON # 2 78.85 (USc/lb) 0.9% WHEAT (CBOT) 647.25 (USD/bu) -0.1% PALM OIL 823.96 (USD/MTon) 3.4% Soybean Oil 40.84 (USc/lb) 1.4% Sugar #11 17.87 (USc/lb) -0.6% Call money rate Today's Rate Yesterday's Rate 06.15-07.75pc 05.50-08.00pc E-Paper Weather Archive Year 2007200820092010201120122013201420152016 Month JanuaryFebruaryMarchAprilMayJuneJulyAugustSeptemberOctoberNovemberDecember Day 12345678910111213141516171819202122232425262728293031 GO CATEGORIES Economy Finance Editorial Op-Ed Stock National Trade and Market World ADDRESS Editor : A.H.M Moazzem Hossain Published by the Editor for International Publications Limited from Tropicana Tower (4th floor), 45, Topkhana Road, GPO Box : 2526 Dhaka- 1000 and printed by him from City Publishing House Ltd., 1 RK Mission Road, Dhaka-1000. Telephone : PABX : 9553550 (Hunting), 9513814, 7172017 and 7172012 Fax : 880-2-9567049 Email : editor@thefinancialexpress-bd.com, fexpress68@gmail.com Terms of Service Contact Us Editors' Panel About Editor Web mail Ad price (Print Version) Copyright © 2016. All rights reserved Powered by :
null
Subscribe Place Ad Buy Trib Photos Sportstalk Contests Jobs Homes Autos Classifieds Trib Total Media Contact Us News Allegheny Westmoreland Valley News Dispatch Regional Pennsylvania Business Headlines Briefs Real Estate Columnists Investigative Pittsburgh ICA Justice for Some American Coyotes Cyber Rattling Homegrown Terror Donor Dilemma Rules of Engagement News Blogs U.S./World Nation World Health Now Education Politics Elections 2016 Our Stories Sports Local Pro Teams Steelers/NFL Penguins/NHL Pirates/MLB Riverhounds Local High Schools Colleges Pitt Penn State WVU Duquesne Robert Morris District Colleges More in Sports Columnists Blogs SportsTalk Photo Galleries Videos Auto Racing Outdoors Pro Wrestling U.S./World Golf Local Allegheny Westmoreland Valley News Dispatch Carlynton Cranberry Fox Chapel Monroeville Murrysville North Hills Norwin Penn Hills Penn-Trafford Plum Sewickley South Hills Opinion Columnists Editorials Cartoons Letters Send a Letter Living Arts & Entertainment Architecture Theater & Arts Movies Music Books Museums Players Advantage Crosswords Sudoku Lottery Events Lifestyles Doug Oster Food & Drink Fanfare Out & About Home & Garden Health & Fitness Fashion History Travel Columnists More Lifestyles Multimedia Photography Sports Galleries Video Radio & Podcasts Sports Talk Obituaries News Business Headlines Print Drugmakers pull stocks down; small companies gain By The Associated Press | Friday, Nov. 18, 2016, 9:39 p.m. Email Newsletters Sign up for one of our email newsletters. NEW YORK — Major U.S. stock indexes slipped Friday as drug companies dragged the market lower. Small-company stocks bucked the downward trend and continued to climb, and bond yields rose to their highest level in a year. Drugmakers like Merck and biotech company Amgen took some of the biggest losses Friday. Weak results from Gap and Abercrombie & Fitch hurt retailers as investors kept a close eye on the upcoming holiday season. Small companies including regional banks continued to make large gains. Those stocks have risen sharply since the presidential election last week and are now at record highs. “Some of the proposals that (President-elect Donald) Trump has promoted, specifically deregulation and also some of his trade proposals, are better for small companies than potentially they are for large ones,” said Katie Nixon, chief investment officer for Northern Trust. The Dow Jones industrial average slid 35.89 points, or 0.2 percent, to 18,867.93. The Standard & Poor's 500 index lost 5.22 points, or 0.2 percent, to 2,181.90. The Nasdaq composite touched a record high early on, but turned lower and gave up 12.46 points, or 0.2 percent, to 5,321.51. That's not a big loss, but the major indexes hadn't fallen that much since before the presidential election. Still, the S&P 500 and Nasdaq finished substantially higher this week after their big gains the week before. But indexes of smaller companies, like the Russell 2000 and the S&P 600, did better. They are on 11-day winning streaks and have hit all-time highs. Among small-company stocks, mortgage lending service company LendingTree added $6.80, or 7.3 percent, to $100 and coal miner Cloud Peak Energy rose 79 cents, or 15.8 percent, to $5.79. Losses for drug companies weighed down health care stocks. Botox maker Allergan retreated $8.20, or 4.1 percent, to $191.78 and biotech giant Amgen fell $2.13, or 1.4 percent, to $145.23. Hepatitis C drugmaker Gilead Sciences shed 96 cents, or 1.3 percent, to $74.62. Drug company stocks are coming off their biggest weekly gain in two years. The stocks had been falling in the months leading up to the election because investors worried that under a Hillary Clinton presidency, the federal government would take steps to rein in drug prices. Those kinds of steps are less likely under a Trump presidency and a Republican-controlled Congress. The dollar continued to climb. It's near one-year highs against the euro and six-month highs against the yen. The dollar rose to 110.63 yen from 109.89 yen. The euro fell to $1.0599 from $1.0626. The dollar hasn't been this strong since early 2003. Nixon of Northern Trust said that's affecting big multinational companies because it can hurt their sales outside the U.S., but it's less of a problem for smaller, domestically-oriented companies. Investors continued to sell U.S. government bonds at a rapid clip, and bond prices wobbled and turned lower. The yield on the 10-year Treasury note rose to 2.34 percent from 2.30 percent. Bond prices have fallen hard since the election and yields are now at their highest in a year. More Business Cozy retirement? Only for a privileged few Tips can help maximize veterans' GI Bill benefits Google app digitizes photos Manners help your career Oklahoma residents sue energy companies Subscribe today! Click here for our subscription offers.     Show commenting policy TribLive commenting policy You are solely responsible for your comments and by using TribLive.com you agree to our Terms of Service. We moderate comments. Our goal is to provide substantive commentary for a general readership. By screening submissions, we provide a space where readers can share intelligent and informed commentary that enhances the quality of our news and information. While most comments will be posted if they are on-topic and not abusive, moderating decisions are subjective. We will make them as carefully and consistently as we can. Because of the volume of reader comments, we cannot review individual moderation decisions with readers. We value thoughtful comments representing a range of views that make their point quickly and politely. We make an effort to protect discussions from repeated comments â either by the same reader or different readers. We follow the same standards for taste as the daily newspaper. A few things we won't tolerate: personal attacks, obscenity, vulgarity, profanity (including expletives and letters followed by dashes), commercial promotion, impersonations, incoherence, proselytizing and SHOUTING. Don't include URLs to Web sites. We do not edit comments. They are either approved or deleted. We reserve the right to edit a comment that is quoted or excerpted in an article. In this case, we may fix spelling and punctuation. We welcome strong opinions and criticism of our work, but we don't want comments to become bogged down with discussions of our policies and we will moderate accordingly. We appreciate it when readers and people quoted in articles or blog posts point out errors of fact or emphasis and will investigate all assertions. But these suggestions should be sent via e-mail. To avoid distracting other readers, we won't publish comments that suggest a correction. Instead, corrections will be made in a blog post or in an article. Trending Grimble, Dangerfield inactive for Steelers game vs. Browns Federal judge allows Wendy Bell's suit to proceed Here's how to gauge which Western Pa. college offers best value Daily Gallery View Saturday — Nov. 19, 2016 Photos from across the region. Most Recent Videos More Videos News Business Neighborhoods Sports Opinion Living Multimedia Obituaries Ways We Deliver Blogs Mobile Email Newsletters eTRIB Digital Replica Buy Trib Photos RSS Subscribe Subscriber Services Our Publications Where to Buy the Newspaper Advertise Digital Sales Promotional Solutions Classifieds Marketplace Jobs Homes Autos eFeatures Images and text copyright © 2016 | Trib Total Media, LLC Reproduction or reuse prohibited without written consent. Terms of Service Feedback | Contact Us
null
The Financial Express | Financial Online Newspaper Today's FE Dhaka,  Sun,  20 November 2016 Home Economy Finance Trade and Market Stock National World Editorial Op-Ed Sci-tech Education Sports Health Entertainment Economy National Economy Global Economy Finance Trade and Market Stock Global Stock Bangladesh National Politics Country Crime World America Asia Europe Africa Editorial Op-Ed Views Columns Opinion Reviews Analysis LETTERS Sci-tech Technology Science Environment More Education Sports Health Entertainment Miscellaneous E-PAPER 1JANATAMF 5.00   0.10 2.04%   1STPRIMFMF 8.70   0.10 1.16%   AAMRATECH 26.60   0.90 3.50%   ABB1STMF 5.00   0.10 2.04%   ABBANK 21.30   1.90 9.79%   ACI   -1.90   ACIFORMULA 161.00   5.00 3.21%   ACMELAB 101.50   -1.60 -1.55%   ACTIVEFINE 39.00   -0.10 -0.26%   AFCAGRO 45.80   0.40 0.88%   AFTABAUTO 55.60   -1.20 -2.11%   AGRANINS 17.50   0.20 1.16%   AIBL1STIMF 7.90   -0.10 -1.25%   AL-HAJTEX 95.30   0.40 0.42%   ALARABANK 15.20   0.00 0.00%   ALLTEX 9.90   0.70 7.61%   AMANFEED 69.70   -7.40 -9.60%   AMBEEPHA 442.00   -0.10 -0.02%   AMCL(PRAN) 199.60   0.40 0.20%   ANWARGALV 71.80   -0.70 -0.97%   APEXFOODS 143.20   4.00 2.87%   APEXFOOT 352.50   -7.10 -1.97%   APEXSPINN 120.40   1.10 0.92%   APEXTANRY 127.50   3.00 2.41%   ARAMIT 351.00   2.90 0.83%   ARAMITCEM 31.60   1.40 4.64%   ARGONDENIM 27.40   -0.80 -2.84%   ASIAINS 16.60   0.20 1.22%   ASIAPACINS 16.60   0.30 1.84%   ATCSLGF 10.30   -0.10 -0.96%   ATLASBANG 115.50   3.20 2.85%   AZIZPIPES 62.00   -2.80 -4.32%   BANGAS 134.00   12.10 9.93%   BANKASIA 18.30   0.60 3.39%   BARKAPOWER 27.80   -1.80 -6.08%   BATASHOE 1185.00   8.40 0.71%   BATBC   24.50   BAYLEASING 20.40   0.10 0.49%   BBS   -0.60   BDAUTOCA 64.70   2.60 4.19%   BDCOM   -1.60   BDFINANCE 10.40   0.20 1.96%   BDLAMPS 173.40   3.40 2.00%   BDTHAI 22.10   -0.20 -0.90%   BDWELDING 8.90   -0.10 -1.11%   BEACHHATCH 8.30   -0.10 -1.19%   BENGALWTL 40.50   1.10 2.79%   BERGERPBL 2350.00   -19.30 -0.81%   BEXIMCO 23.40   1.10 4.93%   BGIC   -0.30   BIFC   0.10   BNICL   -0.40   BRACBANK 66.10   0.10 0.15%   BRACSCBOND 1030.00   -10.00 -0.96%   BSC   15.50   BSCCL   1.90   BSRMLTD 141.40   -0.50 -0.35%   BSRMSTEEL 93.30   -1.20 -1.27%   BXPHARMA 82.00   0.20 0.24%   BXSYNTH 5.80   0.00 0.00%   CENTRALINS 16.60   -0.30 -1.78%   CENTRALPHL 13.60   -0.30 -2.16%   CITYBANK 23.50   0.20 0.86%   CITYGENINS 14.50   -0.10 -0.68%   CMCKAMAL 14.80   0.20 1.37%   CNATEX 7.90   -0.10 -1.25%   CONTININS 16.80   0.10 0.60%   CVOPRL 193.70   0.40 0.21%   DACCADYE 6.80   0.00 0.00%   DBH   0.50   DBH1STMF 6.90   0.00 0.00%   DELTALIFE 98.90   -0.90 -0.90%   DELTASPINN 8.60   0.20 2.38%   DESCO   -0.50   DESHBANDHU 8.50   0.10 1.19%   DHAKABANK 16.70   0.40 2.45%   DHAKAINS 21.60   1.10 5.37%   DOREENPWR 108.80   -5.20 -4.56%   DSHGARME 294.50   -57.60 -16.36%   DSSL   1.10   DUTCHBANGL 107.20   -0.80 -0.74%   EASTERNINS 23.60   -0.60 -2.48%   EASTLAND 20.20   -0.40 -1.94%   EASTRNLUB 920.40   13.40 1.48%   EBL   -0.30   EBL1STMF 5.00   0.00 0.00%   EBLNRBMF 4.70   0.00 0.00%   ECABLES 142.60   0.20 0.14%   EHL   -1.00   EMERALDOIL 36.90   3.30 9.82%   ENVOYTEX 36.50   0.10 0.27%   ETL   0.50   EXIM1STMF 6.70   0.10 1.52%   EXIMBANK 10.80   0.10 0.93%   FAMILYTEX 7.90   0.00 0.00%   FARCHEM 21.30   1.70 8.67%   FAREASTFIN 10.10   0.30 3.06%   FAREASTLIF 64.00   0.00 0.00%   FASFIN 11.70   0.20 1.74%   FBFIF   0.00   FEDERALINS 10.20   0.10 0.99%   FEKDIL 22.70   0.40 1.79%   FINEFOODS 19.40   0.10 0.52%   FIRSTFIN 7.00   0.00 0.00%   FIRSTSBANK 12.50   0.40 3.31%   FORTUNE 47.30   1.10 2.38%   FUWANGCER 13.80   -0.40 -2.82%   FUWANGFOOD 12.70   0.20 1.60%   GBBPOWER 14.80   0.00 0.00%   GEMINISEA 779.80   -0.10 -0.01%   GENNEXT 6.80   -0.10 -1.45%   GHAIL   -0.10   GHCL   0.90   GLAXOSMITH 1568.10   1.20 0.08%   GLOBALINS 13.00   -0.10 -0.76%   GOLDENSON 16.10   0.70 4.55%   GP   3.70   GQBALLPEN 71.30   1.80 2.59%   GRAMEENS2 10.50   0.10 0.96%   GREENDELMF 6.90   0.00 0.00%   GREENDELT 46.40   -0.20 -0.43%   GSPFINANCE 20.50   0.20 0.99%   HAKKANIPUL 47.80   4.30 9.89%   HEIDELBCEM 546.50   1.40 0.26%   HFL   0.60   HRTEX   -0.40   HWAWELLTEX 34.50   -1.00 -2.82%   IBBLPBOND 973.50   2.50 0.26%   IBNSINA 213.30   1.40 0.66%   ICB   -0.40   ICB1STNRB 18.80   0.20 1.08%   ICB2NDNRB 7.80   0.00 0.00%   ICB3RDNRB 4.50   0.00 0.00%   ICBAMCL2ND 5.30   0.10 1.92%   ICBEPMF1S1 6.00   0.10 1.69%   ICBIBANK 4.10   0.10 2.50%   ICBSONALI1 6.10   0.10 1.67%   IDLC   0.10   IFADAUTOS 79.30   4.30 5.73%   IFIC   0.30   IFIC1STMF 4.70   -0.10 -2.08%   IFILISLMF1 6.60   -0.10 -1.49%   ILFSL   -0.10   IMAMBUTTON 10.90   0.20 1.87%   INTECH 12.00   0.40 3.45%   IPDC   0.00   ISLAMIBANK 30.20   0.00 0.00%   ISLAMICFIN 15.80   0.20 1.28%   ISLAMIINS 17.10   0.10 0.59%   ITC   1.70   JAMUNABANK 14.70   0.10 0.68%   JAMUNAOIL 191.50   -1.40 -0.73%   JANATAINS 12.40   -0.20 -1.59%   JMISMDL 154.10   -1.70 -1.09%   JUTESPINN 55.90   1.60 2.95%   KARNAPHULI 14.00   -0.30 -2.10%   KAY&QUE 26.60   -1.00 -3.62%   KDSALTD 68.90   3.40 5.19%   KEYACOSMET 10.00   0.00 0.00%   KOHINOOR 459.00   26.80 6.20%   KPCL   1.00   KPPL   0.30   LAFSURCEML 75.00   0.70 0.94%   LANKABAFIN 27.60   0.60 2.22%   LEGACYFOOT 19.20   0.60 3.23%   LIBRAINFU 488.00   0.00 0.00%   LINDEBD 1345.00   8.50 0.64%   LRGLOBMF1 6.70   0.10 1.52%   MAKSONSPIN 7.00   0.00 0.00%   MALEKSPIN 15.10   -0.20 -1.31%   MARICO 1215.00   -2.90 -0.24%   MATINSPINN 37.70   0.50 1.34%   MBL1STMF 6.80   -0.10 -1.45%   MEGCONMILK 6.90   -0.10 -1.43%   MEGHNACEM 93.50   1.00 1.08%   MEGHNALIFE 52.80   -0.20 -0.38%   MEGHNAPET 5.30   0.00 0.00%   MERCANBANK 14.30   0.10 0.70%   MERCINS 13.90   -0.10 -0.71%   MHSML   -0.40   MICEMENT 72.60   -1.70 -2.29%   MIDASFIN 23.50   0.40 1.73%   MIRACLEIND 41.30   3.60 9.55%   MITHUNKNIT 71.60   4.80 7.19%   MJLBD   0.20   MODERNDYE 187.00   2.40 1.30%   MONNOCERA 38.00   1.60 4.40%   MONNOSTAF 587.90   1.30 0.22%   MPETROLEUM 180.90   -0.90 -0.50%   MTB   0.20   NATLIFEINS 177.80   4.10 2.36%   NAVANACNG 55.60   -0.60 -1.07%   NBL   0.10   NCCBANK 10.80   0.10 0.93%   NFML   0.60   NHFIL   -2.80   NITOLINS 21.50   0.00 0.00%   NORTHERN 238.10   19.10 8.72%   NORTHRNINS 18.80   0.10 0.53%   NPOLYMAR 72.50   -12.60 -14.81%   NTC   45.00   NTLTUBES 132.80   6.30 4.98%   OAL   0.30   OLYMPIC 308.00   1.70 0.56%   ONEBANKLTD 15.40   0.40 2.67%   ORIONINFU 58.90   -0.50 -0.84%   ORIONPHARM 40.60   0.40 1.00%   PADMALIFE 23.20   0.30 1.31%   PADMAOIL 187.80   1.50 0.81%   PARAMOUNT 19.50   -0.10 -0.51%   PENINSULA 25.60   1.50 6.22%   PEOPLESINS 16.60   0.00 0.00%   PF1STMF 4.50   -0.10 -2.17%   PHARMAID 249.90   4.20 1.71%   PHENIXINS 22.20   0.00 0.00%   PHOENIXFIN 25.70   1.20 4.90%   PHPMF1 4.40   0.00 0.00%   PIONEERINS 29.30   -0.30 -1.01%   PLFSL   0.10   POPULAR1MF 4.40   0.00 0.00%   POPULARLIF 67.50   0.00 0.00%   POWERGRID 55.60   0.20 0.36%   PRAGATIINS 25.50   -0.20 -0.78%   PRAGATILIF 86.10   -1.70 -1.94%   PREMIERBAN 9.20   0.00 0.00%   PREMIERCEM 83.60   0.00 0.00%   PREMIERLEA 10.00   -0.10 -0.99%   PRIME1ICBA 5.00   -0.10 -1.96%   PRIMEBANK 15.80   0.30 1.94%   PRIMEFIN 8.00   -0.20 -2.44%   PRIMEINSUR 17.40   0.40 2.35%   PRIMELIFE 57.70   -0.10 -0.17%   PRIMETEX 22.80   0.50 2.24%   PROGRESLIF 50.00   0.00 0.00%   PROVATIINS 14.40   -0.10 -0.69%   PTL   0.40   PUBALIBANK 19.90   0.00 0.00%   PURABIGEN 15.60   -0.60 -3.70%   QSMDRYCELL 100.00   0.00 0.00%   RAHIMAFOOD 93.30   8.40 9.89%   RAHIMTEXT 237.50   2.90 1.24%   RAKCERAMIC 61.00   -0.80 -1.29%   RANFOUNDRY 103.80   1.20 1.17%   RDFOOD 15.30   -0.20 -1.29%   REGENTTEX 12.80   -0.10 -0.78%   RELIANCE1 8.00   0.00 0.00%   RELIANCINS 46.00   -0.20 -0.43%   RENATA 1092.10   0.70 0.06%   RENWICKJA 591.10   1.90 0.32%   REPUBLIC 16.40   0.00 0.00%   RNSPIN 17.30   0.00 0.00%   RSRMSTEEL 46.90   -1.00 -2.09%   RUPALIBANK 26.40   -0.40 -1.49%   RUPALIINS 17.30   -0.10 -0.57%   RUPALILIFE 35.50   -1.10 -3.01%   SAFKOSPINN 11.40   0.10 0.88%   SAIFPOWER 48.10   -0.40 -0.82%   SAIHAMCOT 13.70   -1.10 -7.43%   SAIHAMTEX 13.80   -0.10 -0.72%   SALAMCRST 29.90   2.20 7.94%   SALVOCHEM 13.40   0.00 0.00%   SAMATALETH 24.00   0.00 0.00%   SAMORITA 63.80   1.00 1.59%   SANDHANINS 29.70   -0.60 -1.98%   SAPORTL 40.00   0.50 1.27%   SAVAREFR 48.00   0.00 0.00%   SEBL1STMF 11.70   0.00 0.00%   SHAHJABANK 13.90   0.00 0.00%   SHASHADNIM 59.60   -2.10 -3.40%   SHURWID 8.40   0.00 0.00%   SHYAMPSUG 11.30   -0.10 -0.88%   SIBL   0.00   SIMTEX 20.50   0.30 1.49%   SINGERBD 186.00   3.70 2.03%   SINOBANGLA 24.20   0.80 3.42%   SONALIANSH 199.80   6.50 3.36%   SONARBAINS 16.30   1.10 7.24%   SONARGAON 8.60   0.00 0.00%   SOUTHEASTB 17.40   -0.10 -0.57%   SPCERAMICS 8.10   0.00 0.00%   SPCL   0.40   SQUARETEXT 65.90   0.60 0.92%   SQURPHARMA 246.10   -0.50 -0.20%   STANCERAM 53.40   1.40 2.69%   STANDARINS 17.70   0.20 1.14%   STANDBANKL 10.50   0.20 1.94%   STYLECRAFT 1600.00   -12.50 -0.78%   SUMITPOWER 34.50   0.00 0.00%   SUNLIFEINS 17.60   -0.30 -1.68%   TAKAFULINS 18.30   0.00 0.00%   TALLUSPIN 8.40   0.20 2.44%   TITASGAS 46.10   -1.30 -2.74%   TOSRIFA 17.10   -0.40 -2.29%   TRUSTB1MF 4.80   -0.10 -2.04%   TRUSTBANK 23.30   -0.20 -0.85%   TUNGHAI 10.90   0.20 1.87%   UCB   0.20   UNIONCAP 13.00   0.00 0.00%   UNIQUEHRL 40.00   0.00 0.00%   UNITEDAIR 4.60   0.10 2.22%   UNITEDFIN 21.40   0.90 4.39%   UNITEDINS 25.00   -0.20 -0.79%   UPGDCL 142.00   -0.10 -0.07%   USMANIAGL 91.00   -0.80 -0.87%   UTTARABANK 24.00   0.20 0.84%   UTTARAFIN 57.40   -0.90 -1.54%   VAMLBDMF1 8.90   0.00 0.00%   WATACHEM 159.60   -2.20 -1.36%   WMSHIPYARD 24.90   0.10 0.40%   YPL   -0.80   ZAHEENSPIN 15.30   0.20 1.32%   ZAHINTEX 15.50   0.20 1.31%   ZEALBANGLA 16.50   0.50 3.13%   Latest News 'Govt making all efforts to modernise armed forces' Patrol along Myanmar border intensified: Minister Bodi released from Kashimpur Central Jail Merkel to run for fourth term Renewable energy 'not attractive' as business in BD: Nasrul Board finalises draft proposal for wages of soap, cosmetic workers Payoneer puts thrust on simplification of BD's online cross border payment system Dhaka will bid to hold PATA Travel Mart Industry owners meet BEZA chief Govt chalks out various projects for Ctg port development Tapping potential of outsourcing IT TIME - 11:42 pm National Patrol along Myanmar border intensified: Minister Economy Bangladesh remittances total $4.25b in July-Oct World Merkel to run for fourth term Stock Key index crosses 4,700-mark PM assures 100pc safe water supply, sanitation TOP NEWS Gold prices fall, silver rise Bangladesh to import only cleaner gasoil from 2017 India crash deaths nearly 100 World leaders take aim at Trump's trade views 'Explain NHRC chair’s appointment' Russian ruble recovering again Bhutan allays BBIN concerns PEC, Ebtedayee examinations begin China pledges more on global trade 2 injured in 'gunfight' with police 'Govt making all efforts to modernise armed forces' November 20, 2016, 11:30 pm Prime Minister Sheikh Hasina on Sunday greeting members of the armed forces on the occasion of the Armed Forces Day-2016 to be observed on November 21 (Monday). In a message on the eve of the day, she said, the Awami League Read more Bodi released from Kashimpur Central Jail November 20, 2016, 11:09 pm Hours after the Supreme Court upheld a High Court order granting a six-month bail to him, Awami League MP Abdur Rahman Bodi was released from jail on Sunday night in a case filed for concealing information about his wealth. He walked Read more Economy Armenia sees record increase in exports Armenian President Serzh Sargsyan said his country had doubled its exports, including those to countries of the Eurasian Economic Union (EEU), in an interview with Sputnik Armenia On Thursday, reports Xinhua. Sargsyan said it was unfortunate that Armenia's accession to the EEU coincided with the imposing of sanctions against Russia, the main economic driving force the economic bloc. This created hassles for the Armenian economy due to the fact of it being "tied in a thousand ways to the economy of Russia." President Sargsyan, however, insisted his country had made the right choice joining EEU. "We have become a member of a China's economic expansion benefits MENA region: Expert November 19, 2016, 9:09 pm IMF hails Norway's reforms November 19, 2016, 9:04 pm IMF approves $162m loan to Sri Lanka November 19, 2016, 6:39 pm Inclusive approaches needed to achieve SDGs by 2030 November 19, 2016, 7:41 pm France cuts 2016 growth target to 1.4pc November 18, 2016, 8:58 pm Finance Income Tax Week begins Nov 24 The first-ever Income Tax Week will begin in the country on November 24. National Board of Revenue (NBR) will organise the income tax week for the first time to provide taxpayers with all tax related services including filing up of Overvalued taka stirs worries Chinese banks active in UAE to spur regional growth India bonds defy global rout Banks struggling to hit turnover heights Editorial Tapping potential of outsourcing IT A steady growth of the country's information technology (IT) sector Tapping potential of outsourcing IT A steady growth of the country's information technology (IT) sector Op-Ed Views on US election not factual I read with interest the recent article, written by Mr. Views on US election not factual I read with interest the recent article, written by Mr. Poor exit road at HSIA THE Hazrat Shahjalal International Airport (HSIA) is the main gateway Poor exit road at HSIA THE Hazrat Shahjalal International Airport (HSIA) is the main gateway Rural migration THIS is the year when more than half of our Rural migration THIS is the year when more than half of our Stock AB Bank tops DSE transaction chart for 2nd day AB Bank dominated the Dhaka Stock Exchange (DSE) transaction chart on Sunday for the two consecutive session while Grameenphone (GP) Bourses see moderate rise for 4th consecutive session Bank tax hampers mobilisation of deposits RBI proposes 'Islamic window' in banks SEBI mulls allowing FPIs to invest in unlisted NCDs Stocks begin week in green Revised CSE30 Index comes into effect today 15 win in DSE brokers polls European shares close lower National Sufia Kamal's death anniv observed The 17th death anniversary of legendary poet, political activist and torchbearer of women’s emancipation Sufia Kamal was observed across the country on Sunday. Different social and cultural organisations chalked out various programmes to observe the day. Sufia Kamal was also instrumental in naming the first women’s dormitory of Dhaka University as Rokeya Hall, after Begum Rokeya, who was her own inspiration. During Bangladesh’s Neo-JMB leader Sarwar's wife gives birth to son in prison PM expresses shock at deaths in Indian train crash HC wants to know initiatives to rescue ‘abducted’ doctor District council election on December 28 Govt for cut in transport fares Ivy collects nomination form Neo-JMB chief’s wife gives birth to baby boy Khaleda cuts 52-pound cakes on Tarique’s birthday Trade and Market Renewable energy 'not attractive' as business in BD: Nasrul State Minister for Power, Energy and Mineral Resources Nasrul Hamid on Sunday said that promoting renewable energy as business is “difficult” in Bangladesh due to resource constraints and land shortage. Despite that, he said, the government had set a target of obtaining 10 per cent of power from renewable sources by 2020. “You cannot compare us with Denmark or other developed countries. Board finalises draft proposal for wages of soap, cosmetic workers Payoneer puts thrust on simplification of BD's online cross border payment system Industry owners meet BEZA chief Bangladesh exploring markets for rice export: Quamrul Poland still has scope to use rates to impact economy: Minister Nokia to re-enter smartphone business in 2017 US House votes to bar sales of commercial aircraft to Iran Greece approves permit for Eldorado's Skouries gold mine World Death toll rises to 120 In India rain crash Death toll rose to 120 (till last count) and more than 200 are injured in the rail crash on early French minister calls for renewed Syria talks Peace treaty with Russia coming into sight: Japan PM Death toll from India train crash passes 100 Sci-tech Grand finale of 'Blueprints 2.0' Tuesday The stage is set for the final round of ‘Blueprints 2.0’ – a financial modeling competition. The NSU Finance Club, the Zuckerberg to combat fake news on Facebook Facebook clears $6b stock buyback SpaceX aims to launch internet from space Education Fewer candidates taking PEC, Ebtedayee tests this yr The Primary Education Completion (PEC) and Ebtedayee examinations 2016 began on Sunday in different exam centres across the country and UGC declares certificates by 18 private universities illegal   AMAL, dedicated healthcare service for underprivileged children SSC, equivalent exams begin Feb 2 Sports Brothers earn win over Arambagh CHITTAGONG, Nov 20 (UNB): Brothers Union Club toppled Arambagh KS beating them by 2-1 goals in the JB Bangladesh Premier BD to play Chinese Taipei in Asian Hockey today Progati Sangha share points with Youngmen's Club NZ pulverise Pakistan in 1st Test Health ‘Physicians need to attain people’s confidence’ Prime Minister Sheikh Hasina on Saturday urged the physicians to gain people’s confidence besides providing good medical service so that Zika emergency over: WHO Japan sets 50pc price cut for cancer drug Awareness the main catalyst to control growth of diabetes Entertainment Wedding solutions under one roof at bridal fest The three-day Wedding and Portrait Photographers of Bangladesh (WPPB) Bridal Festival was held at Gulshan Shooting Club in Dhaka on Versatile talks, performances rule day 2 of DLF Marc Anthony and Shannon De Lima Separate  Mallika Sherawat punched, tear gassed in Paris Politics JP to skip district council polls: Ershad Jatiya Party chairman HM Ershad has said that his party will not take part in district councils polls scheduled for Khaleda cuts 52-pound cakes on Tarique’s birthday BNP 'asks' Taimur to get ready for contesting NCC polls Quader urges AL followers to get united Country Authority cancels 60,356 cards, 13 dealerships in Rangpur div RANGPUR, Nov 20: A total of 60,356 cards and 13 dealerships have been cancelled so far owing to allegation of irregularities and embezzlement in distributing rice meant for selling at Tk 10 per kg to ultra-poor rural people in eight districts of Rangpur Division, divisional food office sources said. Cases have also been filed against six dealers. Fines of Tk 1,01,925 have been  collected, sources also said. Of the total, 7,519 cards of Rangpur district, 15,282 of Gaibandha, 5,643 of Kurigram, 2,494 ... Labour shortage disrupts T-Aman harvest in Bogra Chilli cultivators express dismay over market prices in Magura Speakers focus on raising crop intensity in Sylhet region PHOTO GALLERY Primary Education Completion (PEC) and Ebtedayee terminal examinations for fifth graders began today (Sunday) across the country. – Focus Bangla Prime Minister Sheikh Hasina releases a commemorative stamp after inaugurating the golden jubilee celebrations of Chittagong University on its central playground through a videoconference from Ganabhbaban on Saturday. –Focus Bangla Photo Prime Minister Sheikh Hasina addresses the inaugural ceremony of the 26th Annual Conference of Association of Thoracic & Cardiovascular Surgeons of Asia (ATCSA) at Hotel Radisson Blu in Dhaka on Saturday. –Focus Bangla Photo Industries Minister Amir Hossain Amu showing the GI (Geographical Indication) certificate, registered for Jamdani before handing it over to Bangladesh Small and Cottage Industries Corporation (BSCIC) Chairman Mustaq Hassan Md Iftekhar at the conference room of the ministry on Thursday. – PID photo Two foreigners along with a Bangladeshi literature buff going through a book at a stall at Bangla Academy premises on Thursday – the first day of the 3-day Dhaka LiT Fest. – FE photo more news Payoneer puts thrust on simplification of BD's online cross border payment system November 20, 2016, 9:49 pm Industry owners meet BEZA chief November 20, 2016, 9:48 pm Bangladesh exploring markets for rice export: Quamrul November 20, 2016, 9:46 pm Nokia to re-enter smartphone business in 2017 November 20, 2016, 9:44 pm All Headline News Stock market Final Index Change(Points) Change(%) ISSUES ADVANCED 125 ISSUES DECLINED 92 Most popular India crash deaths nearly 100 November 20, 2016, 9:43 am Bangladesh remittances total $4.25b in July-Oct November 20, 2016, 4:43 pm Trump meets former rival Romney November 20, 2016, 9:51 am Three posing as DB men arrested November 20, 2016, 9:41 am Sufia Kamals death anniv today November 20, 2016, 9:37 am 'Explain NHRC chairs appointment' November 20, 2016, 2:37 pm Top 10 gainers Based on YCP and Close Price Company YCP High Low CLOSE %CHG HAKKANIPUL 43.50 47.80 43.90 47.80 9.89 EMERALDOIL 33.60 36.90 34.00 36.90 9.82 MIRACLEIND 37.70 41.40 38.00 41.40 9.81 DSSL 11.30 12.40 11.70 12.40 9.74 ABBANK 19.40 21.30 19.50 21.20 9.28 NORTHERN 219.00 238.10 224.00 238.10 8.72 FARCHEM 19.60 21.50 19.60 21.30 8.67 SALAMCRST 27.70 30.00 27.60 29.80 7.58 MITHUNKNIT 66.80 71.90 67.50 71.70 7.34 NTC 601.00 646.00 606.30 642.10 6.84 Based on Open and Last Trade Price Company Open High Low Last Deviation ABBANK 19.50 21.30 19.50 21.30 9.23 MIRACLEIND 38.00 41.40 38.00 41.30 8.68 EMERALDOIL 34.00 36.90 34.00 36.90 8.53 DSHGARME 272.00 294.50 269.00 294.50 8.27 FARCHEM 19.70 21.50 19.60 21.30 8.12 SONARBAINS 15.10 16.30 15.10 16.30 7.95 HAKKANIPUL 44.40 47.80 43.90 47.80 7.66 SALAMCRST 27.80 30.00 27.60 29.90 7.55 IFADAUTOS 74.50 79.30 72.70 79.30 6.44 NORTHERN 224.00 238.10 224.00 238.10 6.30 Top 10 Loser Based on YCP and Close Price Company YCP High Low CLOSE %CHG DSHGARME 352.10 294.50 269.00 294.50 -16.36 NPOLYMAR 85.10 76.00 71.80 72.40 -14.92 AMANFEED 77.10 72.00 69.70 70.30 -8.82 SAIHAMCOT 14.80 14.00 13.50 13.70 -7.43 BDCOM 24.90 23.50 23.10 23.30 -6.43 BARKAPOWER 29.60 28.50 27.50 27.90 -5.74 NHFIL 54.50 54.50 51.60 52.20 -4.22 DOREENPWR 114.00 114.50 108.60 109.20 -4.21 AZIZPIPES 64.80 64.00 60.40 62.30 -3.86 KAY&QUE 27.60 27.50 26.10 26.60 -3.62 Based on Open and Last Trade Price Company Open High Low Last Deviation NHFIL 54.50 54.50 51.60 51.70 -5.14 SHASHADNIM 62.80 62.90 59.00 59.60 -5.10 NPOLYMAR 76.00 76.00 71.80 72.50 -4.61 DOREENPWR 113.70 114.50 108.60 108.80 -4.31 PURABIGEN 16.30 16.30 15.50 15.60 -4.30 RUPALILIFE 37.00 37.10 35.40 35.50 -4.05 MHSML 15.20 15.40 14.40 14.60 -3.95 ARGONDENIM 28.40 28.40 27.30 27.40 -3.52 TOSRIFA 17.70 17.70 17.10 17.10 -3.39 KAY&QUE 27.50 27.50 26.10 26.60 -3.27 Travel Bangladesh Biman Bangladesh Railway Radisson Blu Hotels in Bangladesh Money Exchange rate Currency Sell Purchase USD 78.95 77.94 GBP 118.00 117.96 EUR 83.78 83.75 Chinese Yuan 12.24 12.24 HK Dollar 10.2181 9.8929 Singapore dollar 63.6186 59.877 Saudi Rial 21.1918 20.52 Commodity price Commodity Price Change GOLD 1,270.40 (US $/oz) -0.6% SILVER 20.70 (US $/oz) -1.9% COPPER 7,12 (US$/mt) -0.7% CRUDE OIL 93.20 (USD/bbl.) -1.7% COTTON # 2 78.85 (USc/lb) 0.9% WHEAT (CBOT) 647.25 (USD/bu) -0.1% PALM OIL 823.96 (USD/MTon) 3.4% Soybean Oil 40.84 (USc/lb) 1.4% Sugar #11 17.87 (USc/lb) -0.6% Call money rate Today's Rate Yesterday's Rate 06.15-07.75pc 05.50-08.00pc E-Paper Weather Archive Year 2007200820092010201120122013201420152016 Month JanuaryFebruaryMarchAprilMayJuneJulyAugustSeptemberOctoberNovemberDecember Day 12345678910111213141516171819202122232425262728293031 GO CATEGORIES Economy Finance Editorial Op-Ed Stock National Trade and Market World ADDRESS Editor : A.H.M Moazzem Hossain Published by the Editor for International Publications Limited from Tropicana Tower (4th floor), 45, Topkhana Road, GPO Box : 2526 Dhaka- 1000 and printed by him from City Publishing House Ltd., 1 RK Mission Road, Dhaka-1000. Telephone : PABX : 9553550 (Hunting), 9513814, 7172017 and 7172012 Fax : 880-2-9567049 Email : editor@thefinancialexpress-bd.com, fexpress68@gmail.com Terms of Service Contact Us Editors' Panel About Editor Web mail Ad price (Print Version) Copyright © 2016. All rights reserved Powered by :
null
Investing Trading Strategies0 Triple Your Money If There's a "Trump Dump" Trading Strategies1 How to Invest After the Election Election0 The One Chart You Need to See Before the Market Opens Today Stocks0 The Only Investment Decision You Should Make Ahead of the Election Global Markets0 Duterte in Japan: A $1 Trillion Opportunity That the U.S. Lost in Translation Technology1 If You Think Tesla Scares Detroit, Wait 'till You See This Get the Latest Trading Insight with Keith Fitz-Gerald Total Wealth Research Subscribe to this free eLetter! High Velocity Profits Private service. Not a member? The Money Map Report Private service. Not a member? Learn more about Keith Fitz-Gerald Keith Fitz-Gerald close Trading Trading Strategies0 How Hedge Funds Bet the Election, What They'll Do Next, and How You Can Profit Stocks0 Our "Post-Trump" Play Is Leading the Markets Now Economic Data5 The First Thing Trump Should Do for the Economy Trading Strategies0 Two Trades to Prepare for the "Day After" Election0 Smart Money Bets Ahead of a "Dangerous" Election Trading Strategies0 A Simple, Powerful Strategy to Beat the Hedge Funds at Their Own Game Get the Latest Trading Insight with Shah Gilani Wall Street Insights & Indictments Subscribe to this free eLetter! Captial Wave Forecast Private service. Not a member? Short-Side Fortunes Private service. Not a member? Learn more about Shah Gilani Shah Gilani close Credit Markets Washington0 If I Were Trump's Advisor, Here's What I'd Tell Him Election1 How to Profit No Matter Who Wins Today Dow Jones1 The S&P 500 Hit My Year-End Target 11 Months Early, So Here's My New Forecast Stocks0 We're in a Market Gridlock, but I See One Tiny Reason for Optimism Stocks0 The Untradeables: These Stocks Are Too Terrible to Buy, Hold, or Even Short Market Crash0 Stocks Are Selling Off – but Not for the Reason You Think Get the Latest Markets Insight with Michael Lewitt Sure Money Investor Subscribe to this free eLetter! Learn more about Michael Lewitt Michael Lewitt close Options Stocks0 Three Quick and Easy Profit Plays to Make Right Now Options1 The Latest Samsung Scandal Could Mean Triple-Digit Profits for Your Portfolio Options0 The Best Way to Play Earnings Ahead of the Election Trading Strategies0 The Only Two Tools You Need to Make an Easy Fortune in the Markets Economic Data0 Why Bearish Traders Should Look Good Next Year Bitcoin1 The Truth About the "Secret" Currency That Could Replace the U.S. Dollar Get the Latest Options Insight with Tom Gentile Power Profit Trades Subscribe to this free eLetter! Money Calendar Alert Private service. Not a member? Learn more about Tom Gentile Tom Gentile close Technology Technology0 Move Fast – Because This “Singularity” Tech Is Traveling at 760 MPH Stocks1 This Fortune 1000 Firm Has Bet Big on Pot – and so Should You Technology0 Tuesday's Defense Mandate Is a Huge "Before the Crowd" Profit Opportunity Technology3 How to Profit from the Next Generation of Defense Tech Technology0 The Real Winner in the AT&T Merger Is Beating the Market by Nearly Threefold in 2016 Technology0 How to Avoid Being Collateral Damage During the Next Cyberattack Get the Latest Technology Insight with Michael Robinson Strategic Tech Investor Subscribe to this free eLetter! Nova-X Report Private service. Not a member? Radical Technology Profits Private service. Not a member? Learn more about Michael Robinson Michael Robinson close Energy Energy0 The One Energy Sector Trump Could Change the Most – and No, It's Not Coal Energy0 What President Trump Means for Your Energy Investments Energy1 Russia's Real Achilles' Heel: The Best Way to Cripple the Kremlin Election0 The Only Post-Election U.S. Energy Solution Oil0 OPEC Has Never Done This Before Energy4 Two Kinds of Companies Will Profit from Argentina's Move Get the Latest Oil & Energy Insight with Dr. Kent Moors Oil & Energy Investor Subscribe to this free eLetter! Energy Advantage Private service. Not a member? Energy Inner Circle Private service. Not a member? Learn more about Dr. Moors Dr. Kent Moors close LoginMy Member Benefitsarchivesresearchyour teamabout usFAQLog out Share This Article Facebook LinkedIn Twitter Google+ Reddit Print Email Pinterest Delicious StumbleUpon Gmail Yahoo Tumblr Digg Private Briefing with WILLIAM PATALON III, Executive Editor Four More Reasons the "$13 Billion Gold Market Anomaly" Will Give You a Tenfold Return In yesterday’s Private Briefing, we gave you the first half of our report on the “$13 Billion Gold Market Anomaly.” In it, we explained what that anomaly is shared with you the one stock that will allow you to play it. Full Story This is premium content for paid-up Private Briefing subscribers only. How would you like to put an extra $125,000 in your nest egg? You can potentially do it this year - and you'll only have to risk $20 to learn how. Click here. Our FlagshipMoney Morning Michael A. Robinson'sStrategic Tech Investor Shah Gilani'sWall Street Insights & Indictments Access YourProfit Alerts Keith Fitz-Gerald'sTotal Wealth Dr. Kent Moors'Oil & Energy Investor Tom Gentile'sPower Profit Trades Michael Lewitt's Sure Money Research ServicesMoney Map Press Archives Research Your Team About Us FAQ Videos Login to My Account Visit Money Map Press Forget your password? Not a member? Investing Trading Strategies0 Triple Your Money If There's a "Trump Dump" Trading Strategies1 How to Invest After the Election Election0 The One Chart You Need to See Before the Market Opens Today Stocks0 The Only Investment Decision You Should Make Ahead of the Election Global Markets0 Duterte in Japan: A $1 Trillion Opportunity That the U.S. Lost in Translation Technology1 If You Think Tesla Scares Detroit, Wait 'till You See This Get the Latest Trading Insight with Keith Fitz-Gerald Total Wealth Research Subscribe to this free eLetter! High Velocity Profits Private service. Not a member? The Money Map Report Private service. Not a member? Learn more about Keith Fitz-Gerald Keith Fitz-Gerald close Trading Trading Strategies0 How Hedge Funds Bet the Election, What They'll Do Next, and How You Can Profit Stocks0 Our "Post-Trump" Play Is Leading the Markets Now Economic Data5 The First Thing Trump Should Do for the Economy Trading Strategies0 Two Trades to Prepare for the "Day After" Election0 Smart Money Bets Ahead of a "Dangerous" Election Trading Strategies0 A Simple, Powerful Strategy to Beat the Hedge Funds at Their Own Game Get the Latest Trading Insight with Shah Gilani Wall Street Insights & Indictments Subscribe to this free eLetter! Captial Wave Forecast Private service. Not a member? Short-Side Fortunes Private service. Not a member? Learn more about Shah Gilani Shah Gilani close Credit Markets Washington0 If I Were Trump's Advisor, Here's What I'd Tell Him Election1 How to Profit No Matter Who Wins Today Dow Jones1 The S&P 500 Hit My Year-End Target 11 Months Early, So Here's My New Forecast Stocks0 We're in a Market Gridlock, but I See One Tiny Reason for Optimism Stocks0 The Untradeables: These Stocks Are Too Terrible to Buy, Hold, or Even Short Market Crash0 Stocks Are Selling Off – but Not for the Reason You Think Get the Latest Markets Insight with Michael Lewitt Sure Money Investor Subscribe to this free eLetter! Learn more about Michael Lewitt Michael Lewitt close Options Stocks0 Three Quick and Easy Profit Plays to Make Right Now Options1 The Latest Samsung Scandal Could Mean Triple-Digit Profits for Your Portfolio Options0 The Best Way to Play Earnings Ahead of the Election Trading Strategies0 The Only Two Tools You Need to Make an Easy Fortune in the Markets Economic Data0 Why Bearish Traders Should Look Good Next Year Bitcoin1 The Truth About the "Secret" Currency That Could Replace the U.S. Dollar Get the Latest Options Insight with Tom Gentile Power Profit Trades Subscribe to this free eLetter! Money Calendar Alert Private service. Not a member? Learn more about Tom Gentile Tom Gentile close Technology Technology0 Move Fast – Because This “Singularity” Tech Is Traveling at 760 MPH Stocks1 This Fortune 1000 Firm Has Bet Big on Pot – and so Should You Technology0 Tuesday's Defense Mandate Is a Huge "Before the Crowd" Profit Opportunity Technology3 How to Profit from the Next Generation of Defense Tech Technology0 The Real Winner in the AT&T Merger Is Beating the Market by Nearly Threefold in 2016 Technology0 How to Avoid Being Collateral Damage During the Next Cyberattack Get the Latest Technology Insight with Michael Robinson Strategic Tech Investor Subscribe to this free eLetter! Nova-X Report Private service. Not a member? Radical Technology Profits Private service. Not a member? Learn more about Michael Robinson Michael Robinson close Energy Energy0 The One Energy Sector Trump Could Change the Most – and No, It's Not Coal Energy0 What President Trump Means for Your Energy Investments Energy1 Russia's Real Achilles' Heel: The Best Way to Cripple the Kremlin Election0 The Only Post-Election U.S. Energy Solution Oil0 OPEC Has Never Done This Before Energy4 Two Kinds of Companies Will Profit from Argentina's Move Get the Latest Oil & Energy Insight with Dr. Kent Moors Oil & Energy Investor Subscribe to this free eLetter! Energy Advantage Private service. Not a member? Energy Inner Circle Private service. Not a member? Learn more about Dr. Moors Dr. Kent Moors close HOME Email this Article Send with mail | ahoo instead. To: Required Needs to be a valid email From: Required Needs to be a valid email Subject: Will Healthcare Stocks Rise Under Trump? Message: URL: http://mney.co/2go5CVi 8  ×   =  thirty two Required Please enter the correct value. Share Email this Article Send with mail | ahoo instead. To: Required Needs to be a valid email From: Required Needs to be a valid email Subject: Will Healthcare Stocks Rise Under Trump? Message: URL: http://mney.co/2go5CVi 8  −   =  7 Required Please enter the correct value. get daily headlines subscribe now! today's private briefing Twitter Stocksno responses Will Healthcare Stocks Rise Under Trump? By David Zeiler, Associate Editor, Money Morning • @DavidGZeiler • November 18, 2016 Start the conversation Leave a Reply Click here to cancel reply. Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Name * Email * Website  −  four  =  three Comment Some HTML is OK Sign me up for the Money Morning newsletter Will healthcare stocks rise under Donald Trump? With Trump in the White House and Republican majorities in both houses of Congress, an overhaul of Obamacare is a given – and what results will change the trajectory of most healthcare stocks. Trump often spoke critically of Obamacare, promising to "repeal and replace" it if he won – as have most Republican legislators. But what we'll end up with next year is very much unclear. Of the three classes of healthcare stocks, the insurers reflected this uncertainty the most the day after the election. Aetna Inc. (NYSE: AET) was up almost 5%, while UnitedHealth Group Inc. (NYSE: UNH) fell a bit under 1%, and Molina Healthcare Inc. (NYSE: MOH) plunged almost 16%. Hospitals got hit hard across the board, on the other hand. That's because they've been clear winners from Obamacare, benefiting from the reduction in uninsured patients showing up at their emergency rooms for treatment they are legally required to provide for free. Fear that expense could return if Obamacare is repealed hammered hospital stocks on Nov. 9. HCA Holdings Inc. (NYSE: HCA) fell almost 11%. Universal Health Services Inc. (NYSE: UHS) slipped nearly 7%. And Tenet Healthcare Corp. (NYSE: THC) plummeted almost 25%. But one group of healthcare stocks had the opposite reaction… These Healthcare Stocks Cheered Trump's Election Win Pharma stocks shot up in the wake of Donald Trump's victory. Eli Lilly and Co. (NYSE: LLY) and Merck & Co. (NYSE: MRK) both rose about 6%, while Pfizer Inc. (NYSE: PFE) jumped 7%. But unlike the other healthcare stocks, these biotech stocks were not reacting so much to the fate of Obamacare. Their rise was a relief rally fed as much by the defeat of Hillary Clinton as it was Trump's win. "Most biotech and pharma companies might be sighing a sigh of relief because Mrs. Clinton looked like she might do something drastic on drug pricing," Clive Meanwell, chief executive officer of Medicines Co., told Bloomberg on Nov. 9. During her campaign, Clinton had sharply criticized the 5,455% price hike of the cancer drug Daraprim by Turing Pharmaceuticals last year, as well as Mylan NV's (Nasdaq: MYL) 548% increase in the price of its EpiPen allergy treatment. While Trump mentioned drug prices in his speeches, it wasn't a focus. Don't Miss: How to Make a Killing… When Everyone Else Is Panicking But now the shock of Trump's election is wearing off. And the promises made in the heat of the campaign will prove much harder to put into practice. In fact, the healthcare ground in Washington is already starting to shift… Why Trump Can't Gut Obamacare in 2017 While some liberal pundits have lamented the imminent demise of Obamacare in the week since Trump's victory, they're getting ahead of themselves. While health insurance and hospital stocks would indeed get crushed if all the provisions of Obamacare were repealed, that's an extremely unlikely scenario. Here's why. Trump has already begun to walk back his promises of a wholesale dumping of the ACA in an interview with the CBS News program "60 Minutes." He told reporter Lesley Stahl that he wanted to keep one provision that requires insurers to accept customers with pre-existing conditions and another that allows young adults to remain on their parents' insurance plan until age 26. Trump also said he would not leave people without insurance coverage, suggesting a new healthcare plan would replace a repeal of the ACA "simultaneously." Related: Will Donald Trump Put Medicaid on the Chopping Block in 2017? Trump's change of heart stems partly from a recognition of reality. The Obamacare law has been in force for six years now, so changing its provisions won't be easy. Plus, Trump and the GOP would be hard-pressed to take away health coverage from some 20 million Americans. And, unfortunately, many of the things Republicans have said they would like to remove happen to be mechanisms that pay for that coverage. Here's what Trump's presidency will mean for healthcare stocks in 2017… The Outlook for Healthcare Stocks in 2017 Join the conversation. Click here to jump to comments… (0) COMMENTS (0) FACEBOOK COMMENTS TAGS Tags: healthcare stocks Leave a Reply Click here to cancel reply. Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Name * Email * Website five  ×   =  thirty Comment Some HTML is OK Sign me up for the Money Morning newsletter Private Briefing with WILLIAM PATALON III, Executive Editor TODAY'S INSIGHT Four More Reasons the "$13 Billion Gold Market Anomaly" Will Give You a Tenfold Return Forget your password? Not a member? Expert Content Articles By Keith Fitz-Gerald Trading StrategiesTriple Your Money If There's a "Trump Dump" Trading Strategies1How to Invest After the Election ElectionThe One Chart You Need to See Before the Market Opens Today TechnologyMove Fast – Because This “Singularity” Tech Is Traveling at 760 MPH Stocks1This Fortune 1000 Firm Has Bet Big on Pot – and so Should You TechnologyTuesday's Defense Mandate Is a Huge "Before the Crowd" Profit Opportunity Trading StrategiesHow Hedge Funds Bet the Election, What They'll Do Next, and How You Can Profit StocksOur "Post-Trump" Play Is Leading the Markets Now Economic Data5The First Thing Trump Should Do for the Economy EnergyThe One Energy Sector Trump Could Change the Most – and No, It's Not Coal EnergyWhat President Trump Means for Your Energy Investments Energy1Russia's Real Achilles' Heel: The Best Way to Cripple the Kremlin Trading StrategiesYou Won't Believe How Profitable the Next Four Years Could Be Stocks1This Long-View Play Will Make You (and Your Grandchildren) Rich The Fed2What Every Investor Needs to Know Between Now and 2017 Latest News November 20, 2016 By Diane Alter Leave a Comment Why the Best Pot Stocks Are Soaring Now November 20, 2016 By D.R. Barton, Jr. Leave a Comment I'm Calling It – The Bond Market Bull Is Over November 18, 2016 By Peter Krauth Leave a Comment Where the Price of Gold Is Headed Now Related Content Why the Best Pot Stocks Are Soaring Now Why Cisco Deserves a C- This Quarter What You Need to Know About the "Trump" Stock Market One of the Best Tech Stocks to Buy in This Future $8.3 Trillion Market Trending Posts 5744 Reads 19 Likes Where the Price of Gold Is Headed Now The price of gold has been falling in the wake of the election, thanks to numerous economic indicators. But we see gold climbing higher from here. 5483 Reads 843 Likes 5 Marijuana Stocks to Watch in 2017 Our marijuana stocks to watch in 2017 list includes five stocks to keep an eye on. Here’s everything you need to know about these stocks and the booming industry. Today's Markets DJIA -35.89 (0.19%) 18,867.93 NASDAQ -12.46 (0.23%) 5,321.51 S&P -5.22 (0.24%) 2,181.90 AET -1.32 (-1.05%) 124.88 UNH -1.32 (0.88%) 149.45 HCA -2.27 (-3.04%) 72.39 PFE 0.25 (0.79%) 31.48 MRK 0.83 (-1.32%) 61.87 ABOUT MONEY MORNING Money Morning gives you access to a team of ten market experts with more than 250 years of combined investing experience – for free. Our experts – who have appeared on FOXBusiness, CNBC, NPR, and BloombergTV – deliver daily investing tips and stock picks, provide analysis with actions to take, and answer your biggest market questions. Our goal is to help our millions of e-newsletter subscribers and Moneymorning.com visitors become smarter, more confident investors. QUICK LINKS About Us How Money Morning Works FAQs Contact Us Search Article Archive Forgot Username/Password Login to Private Briefing FREE NEWSLETTERS Strategic Tech Investor Oil & Energy Investor Total Wealth Research Wall Street Insights & Indictments Power Profit Trades Sure Money Investor PREMIUM SERVICES Money Map Press Home Money Map Report Energy Advantage Nova-X Report Private BriefingEnergy Inner Circle High Velocity Profits Biotech Insider Alert Capital Wave Forecast Radical Technology Profits Stealth Profits Trader Short-Side Fortunes The Delta Factor Money Calendar Alert Weekly Cash Clock Zenith Trading Circle Get In Touch Like Our Page Follow Us © 2016 Money Morning All Rights Reserved. Protected by copyright of the United States and international treaties. Any reproduction, copying, or redistribution (electronic or otherwise, including the world wide web), of content from this webpage, in whole or in part, is strictly prohibited without the express written permission of Money Morning. Address: 16 W. Madison St. Baltimore, MD, 21201 | Phone: 888.384.8339 I Disclaimer | Sitemap | Privacy Policy | Whitelist Us YOUR PROFIT ALERTS Enjoy our new, free service that helps you make more money! When it comes to successfully profiting from the markets, timing is everything. Getting “in” before a stock makes its decisive move is a key part of growing your wealth and achieving financial freedom. Now Money Morning Profit Alerts lets you do just that... Get ahead of top profit opportunities by picking your areas of interest from the list below. You’ll get all our new money-making research in that area as soon as we release each update. It’s easy and free and you can add to your Profit Alert preferences at any time. Remember to hit “Save” to get started after you’ve picked your alerts.
null
Shopping Jobs Driving Remembering Celebrating Newspapers TV Networks National Post The Province (Vancouver) Vancouver Sun Edmonton Journal Calgary Herald Regina Leader-Post Saskatoon StarPhoenix Windsor Star Ottawa Citizen Montreal Gazette Don't Miss: Happening Now Video Centre Live chats Blogs on canada.com canada.com on Facebook Oddities News Happening Now Local National World Oddities Photo Galleries Weather Business Money Markets Mortgages Sports Hockey NHL Video Highlights Football-CFL Football-NFL Baseball Basketball Winter Sports Golf Racing Soccer Tennis MMA Entertainment Celebrity Music Movies Television Books TV Listings Lifestyle Fashion & Beauty Food Parenting Relationships Astrology Health Diet & Fitness Sexual Health Seniors Family & Child Men Women Travel Destinations Technology Gaming Internet Tech-Biz Space Personal Tech         Drugmaker losses pull stocks lower; small-cap surge goes on     By Marley Jay, The Associated Press November 18, 2016     Story Photos ( 1 )     FILE - In this Oct. 7, 2016 file photo, a sign for Wall Street is carved into a building located near the New York Stock Exchange. Japanese shares rose, Friday, Nov. 18, 2016, on the yen's weakness while other Asian benchmarks wobbled after Fed chair Janet Yellen signaled that policymakers intend to raise interest rates soon. (AP Photo/Mark Lennihan) NEW YORK, N.Y. - Major U.S. stock indexes slipped Friday as drug companies dragged the market lower. Small-company stocks bucked the downward trend and continued to climb, and bond yields rose to their highest level in a year. Drugmakers like Merck and biotech company Amgen took some of the biggest losses Friday. Weak results from Gap and Abercrombie & Fitch hurt retailers as investors kept a close eye on the upcoming holiday season. Small companies including regional banks continued to make large gains. Those stocks have risen sharply since the presidential election last week and are now at record highs. "Some of the proposals that (President-elect Donald) Trump has promoted, specifically deregulation and also some of his trade proposals, are better for small companies than potentially they are for large ones," said Katie Nixon, chief investment officer for Northern Trust. The Dow Jones industrial average slid 35.89 points, or 0.2 per cent, to 18,867.93. The Standard & Poor's 500 index lost 5.22 points, or 0.2 per cent, to 2,181.90. The Nasdaq composite touched a record high early on, but turned lower and gave up 12.46 points, or 0.2 per cent, to 5,321.51. That's not a big loss, but the major indexes hadn't fallen that much since before the presidential election. Still, the S&P 500 and Nasdaq finished substantially higher this week after their big gains the week before. But indexes of smaller companies, like the Russell 2000 and the S&P 600, did better. They are on 11-day winning streaks and have hit all-time highs. Among small-company stocks, mortgage lending service company LendingTree added $6.80, or 7.3 per cent, to $100 and coal miner Cloud Peak Energy rose 79 cents, or 15.8 per cent, to $5.79. Losses for drug companies weighed down health care stocks. Botox maker Allergan retreated $8.20, or 4.1 per cent, to $191.78 and biotech giant Amgen fell $2.13, or 1.4 per cent, to $145.23. Hepatitis C drugmaker Gilead Sciences shed 96 cents, or 1.3 per cent, to $74.62. Drug company stocks are coming off their biggest weekly gain in two years. The stocks had been falling in the months leading up to the election because investors worried that under a Hillary Clinton presidency, the federal government would take steps to rein in drug prices. Those kinds of steps are less likely under a Trump presidency and a Republican-controlled Congress. The dollar continued to climb. It's near one-year highs against the euro and six-month highs against the yen. The dollar rose to 110.63 yen from 109.89 yen. The euro fell to $1.0599 from $1.0626. The dollar hasn't been this strong since early 2003. Nixon of Northern Trust said that's affecting big multinational companies because it can hurt their sales outside the U.S., but it's less of a problem for smaller, domestically-oriented companies. Investors continued to sell U.S. government bonds at a rapid clip, and bond prices wobbled and turned lower. The yield on the 10-year Treasury note rose to 2.34 per cent from 2.30 per cent. Bond prices have fallen hard since the election and yields are now at their highest in a year. Teen clothing company Abercrombie & Fitch plunged $2.33, or 13.8 per cent, to $14.60 after it reported weak sales and a smaller profit than analysts had expected. Gap's said fewer people visited its stores heading into the holiday season. Its stock gave up $5.10, or 16.6 per cent, to $25.61. Sporting goods Hibbett Sports retailer cut its annual forecasts after a weak third-quarter report. It dropped $4.90, or 10.8 per cent, to $40.40. Shoppers are not buying as many clothes and moving toward discount chains. That trend continued as discount retailer Ross Stores rose $2.47, or 3.8 per cent, to $68 after it posted a better-than-expected profit and sales. Companies that sell common household products are also moving lower. Procter & Gamble gave up $1.07, or 1.3 per cent, to $82 and drugstore operator Walgreens Boots Alliance slumped 72 cents to $83.27. Those companies have fallen since the election as investors buy companies that could benefit more from faster economic growth. Benchmark U.S. crude rose 27 cents to close at $45.69 a barrel in New York, while Brent crude, which is used to price international oils, added 37 cents to $46.86 a barrel in London. Energy companies traded higher. Chevron rose $1.08, or 1 per cent, to $109.20 and ConocoPhillips jumped $1.15, or 2.6 per cent, to $44.76. Gold fell $8.20 to $1,208.70 an ounce. Silver lost 15 cents to $16.62 an ounce. Copper dipped 2 cents to $2.47 a pound. In other energy trading, wholesale gasoline stayed at $1.34 a gallon. Heating oil picked up 1 cent to $1.46 a gallon. Natural gas climbed 14 cents, or 5.2 per cent, to $2.84 per 1,000 cubic feet. France's CAC 40 fell 0.5 per cent and the FTSE 100 in Britain dipped 0.3 per cent. The German DAX lost 0.2 per cent. Japan's benchmark Nikkei 225 index added 0.6 per cent as the yen hit a six-month low, helping shares of the country's big exporters. South Korea's Kospi shed 0.3 per cent and Hong Kong's Hang Seng rose 0.4 per cent. ____ AP Markets Writer Marley Jay can be reached at http://twitter.com/MarleyJayAP His work can be found at http://bigstory.ap.org/journalist/marley-jay       E-mail this Article Print this Article Share this Article           Story Tools   E-mail this Article Print this Article Share this Article   Font: * * * * *   Image: * * * *       FILE - In this Oct. 7, 2016 file photo, a sign for Wall Street is carved into a building located near the New York Stock Exchange. Japanese shares rose, Friday, Nov. 18, 2016, on the yen's weakness while other Asian benchmarks wobbled after Fed chair Janet Yellen signaled that policymakers intend to raise interest rates soon. (AP Photo/Mark Lennihan)       E-mail this Gallery Print this Gallery Share this Gallery         Photo Galleries »   Leonard Cohen Photos: Leonard Cohen honoured... Leonard Cohen is honoured at the Glenn Gould Prize... more »   Gallery: Italian cruise ship disaster... Passengers leapt into the sea and fought over lifejackets... more »   Photos: Deadly winds hit U.K. One man dies as winds of over 160kph hit Britain and... more » Video: Winds batter Britain Toronto issues 'extreme' cold alert as mercury to drop to -16C   Gallery: Republican candidates... Republican presidential candidates race across Iowa... more »     More Photo Galleries »     Related Topics   business The Canadian Press 2016         Business Videos         Most Popular canada.com E-mailed Shared     Sponsored By           FP Business Wire »   FP Business Wire   CHTF2016 Gathers 23 Countries Along “One Belt, One Road” United Way Provides Community Funding for Maximum Impact Wrangler®, George Strait Concert Live Stream Generates More Than 14 Million Impressions           News Business Sports Entertainment Lifestyle Health Travel Technology Don't Miss: Happening Now Video Centre Live chats Blogs on canada.com canada.com on Facebook Most Popular Formats Sitemap / RSS Contests Blogs Photo Galleries Videos Canada.com About Us Contact Us Advertise with Us FAQs Tools Canada.com Search for a Job Buy / Sell a Car Infomart Place a Classified Ad Newsletters and Alerts My Account Flyercity.ca About canada.com | Privacy Statement | Terms | Copyright & Permissions © 2010-2016 Postmedia Network Inc. All rights reserved. Unauthorized distribution, transmission or republication strictly prohibited.
e-Edition Obituaries Photo Gallery Magazines Scholarships Paywall Login Login to Comment Register November 20th, 2016 Menu Home News Sports Business Entertainment Classifieds Life Commentary Contact Local News Provincial News National News World News US stocks slip as drugmakers pull health care companies down Business Related Apps of the Week Poll Have you started Christmas shopping yet? Yes No View Results  Loading ... @MedicineHatNews Follow Us By Marley Jay, The Associated Press on November 18, 2016. 00000 NEW YORK – U.S. stocks are slipping Friday as investors take a pause following some huge moves since last week’s presidential election. Drugmakers and other health care companies are taking the largest losses. Retailers Gap and Abercrombie & Fitch are dropping after they gave weak quarterly reports, while discount retailer Ross Stores is climbing. KEEPING SCORE: The Dow Jones industrial average slid 37 points, or 0.2 per cent, to 18,867 as of 12:25 p.m. Eastern time. The Standard & Poor’s 500 index lost 5 points, or 0.2 per cent, to 2,181. The Nasdaq composite touched a record high, but turned lower and gave up 13 points, or 0.2 per cent, to 5,321. The losses weren’t large, but they represented the biggest decline for stocks since Nov. 3. At that time, the market was enduring a nine-day slide. QUEASY FEELING: Losses for drug companies weighed down health care stocks. Botox maker Allergan retreated $3.92, or 2 per cent, to $196.07 and biotech giant Amgen fell $2.30, or 1.6 per cent, to $145.06. Hepatitis C drugmaker Gilead Sciences shed $1.29, or 1.7 per cent, to $74.29 and Merck lost 73 cents, or 1.2 per cent, to $61.97. HOME GOODS GO BAD: Companies that sell common household products are also moving lower. Procter & Gamble gave up $1.04, or 1.3 per cent, to $82.03 and drugstore operator Walgreens Boots Alliance slumped 98 cents, or 1.2 per cent, to $83.01. Those companies tend to pay hefty dividends, and those are less appealing to investors in times of higher inflation. FUN IN THE SUN: Investors approved the combination of electric car maker Tesla Motors and solar power company SolarCity. The deal, first proposed by Tesla CEO Elon Musk in June, has gotten a chilly reception on Wall Street. Analysts wondered why Tesla would want to take on SolarCity while it’s building a big battery factory in Nevada and also preparing to launch its first mass-market car, the Model 3, due out at the end of 2017. Shares of both companies dropped in the ensuing months. Tesla slumped $1.55 to $187.11 and SolarCity rose 19 cents to $20.59. RETAIL: Teen clothing company Abercrombie & Fitch fell $2.42, or 14.3 per cent, to $14.51 after it reported weak sales and a smaller profit than analysts had expected. Gap’s said fewer people visited its stores heading into the holiday season. Its stock gave up $4.93, or 16.1 per cent, to $25.78. Sporting goods Hibbett Sports retailer cut its annual forecasts after a weak third-quarter report. It dropped $5.40, or 11.9 per cent, to $39.90. Shoppers are not buying as many clothes and moving toward discount chains. That trend continued as discount retailer Ross Stores rose $2.89, or 4.4 per cent, to $68.42 after it posted a better-than-expected profit and sales. DOLLAR SEEING GREEN: Already at its highest mark since early 2003, the dollar continued to climb. It’s around annual highs against the euro and six-month highs against the yen. The dollar rose to 110.51 yen from 109.89 yen. The euro fell to $1.0592 from $1.0626. BONDS: Investors continued to sell U.S. government bonds at a rapid clip, and bond prices wobbled and turned lower. The yield on the 10-year Treasury note rose to 2.33 per cent from 2.30 per cent. Bond prices have fallen hard since the election and yields are now at their highest in a year. OUT IN FORCE: Customer management software maker Salesforce.com jumped after a solid quarterly report and strong guidance. Its stock picked up $2.49, or 3.3 per cent, to $77.68. A MARVEL: Chipmaker Marvell Technology disclosed much stronger sales than analysts expected and gave a surprising forecast for the current quarter. Its stock gained $1.19, or 8.9 per cent, to $14.55. ENERGY: Benchmark U.S. crude gave up 30 cents at $45.12 a barrel in New York, while Brent crude, which is used to price international oils, slid 25 cents to $46.24 a barrel in London. OVERSEAS: France’s CAC 40 fell 0.5 per cent and the FTSE 100 in Britain dipped 0.3 per cent. The German DAX lost 0.2 per cent. Japan’s benchmark Nikkei 225 index added 0.6 per cent as the yen hit a six-month low, helping shares of the country’s big exporters. South Korea’s Kospi shed 0.3 per cent and Hong Kong’s Hang Seng rose 0.4 per cent. ____ AP Markets Writer Marley Jay can be reached at http://twitter.com/MarleyJayAP His work can be found at http://bigstory.ap.org/journalist/marley-jay 00000 Leave a Reply Click here to cancel reply. You must be logged in to post a comment. More ways to get to us Twitter Facebook Instagram YouTube Tumblr ePaper Login Subscribe Archive About Us The Medicine Hat News Other Publications Contact Careers Contact the Medicine Hat News 3257 Dunmore Rd SE Medicine Hat, AB T1B 3R2 [P] 403.527.1101 [F] 403.528.5696 Contact Careers Print Advertising: 403.528.5659 National Advertising: 403.528.5766 Online Advertising: 403.528.5698 Classifieds: 403.526.7653 © 1996-2016 The Medicine Hat News, A Division of Continental Newspapers Canada Ltd. Advertising Terms and Conditions & Privacy policy
Home Markets Companies Opinion Politics Technology Specials PF Portfolio My Page Gallery Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Punditry Editorial Comment Columnists Have Your Say Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Breakingviews Lunch Poll North East West South Election News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Photo Gallery Video Gallery Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Punditry Editorial Comment Columnists Have Your Say Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Breakingviews Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page Gallery Photo Gallery Video Gallery Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Punditry Editorial Comment Columnists Have Your Say Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Breakingviews Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page Gallery Photo Gallery Video Gallery Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Punditry Editorial Comment Columnists Have Your Say Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Breakingviews Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page Gallery Photo Gallery Video Gallery BS APPS iPad iPhone Android Wap BS PRODUCTS Smart Investor BS Hindi BS Motoring BS Books Today's Paper Economy & Industry BS SPECIALS B2B Connect Power & Energy SME BS E-Paper Hi, Change Password Subscribe Sign out Change Password Manage My Account Sign out SIGN IN Subscribe             Company Science & Technology News Stock Quote Authors  News    Stock Quote    Authors You are here: Home » Companies » Industry Bharat Forge acquires US-based Walker Forge Tennessee for $14 mn Ratan Tata should step down for crisis to abate: 6 suggestions from NYU's Damodaran Business Standard No Indian Pharma company in world Access to Medicine Index GSK, J&J, Novartis, Merck are among top 20 firms working towards making available essential drugs in low- and middle-income countries Veena Mani  |  New Delhi  November 19, 2016 Last Updated at 01:52 IST email this article Message: Recipients' Email: Type address separated by commas Your Email: Enter the characters shown in the image. Send me a copy:   http://mybs.in/2TJEc5e Copy tiny URL to save and share articles. ALSO READ Cipla, Wockhardt join global initiative on tackling drug resistant infections AstraZeneca Pharma falls on receiving termination notice for Meronem New Sanofi vaccine facility starts commercial production SC setback for pharma majors A recent study undertaken by the Netherlands-based Access to Medicine Foundation, funded by the Bill & Melinda Gates Foundation, UK government and the Dutch Ministry of Foreign Affairs, has revealed that not even a single Indian pharmaceutical company features in the list of top 20 companies that have attempted at making medicines affordable for those in low and middle income countries. The Access to Medicine Index lists the top-20 companies in the world on the basis of working towards making available essential drugs in low- and middle-income countries. This report is revealed at a time when India is reworking the structure and nature of the National Pharmaceutical Pricing Authority (NPPA), which is supposed to ensure price parity with Indian conditions, and ironically the campaign for affordable medicines to all in India is in full swing. The list is topped by UK-headquartered GlaxoSmithkline. Johnson and Johnson, Novartis, Merck, Sanofi, Astrazeneca, Novo Nordisk, Pfizer Inc, Japanese drug maker Daiichi Sankyo are others who have featured in the top-20 list. The index focuses on 22 diseases, with major on malaria, HIV/AIDS, tuberculosis and viral hepatitis. Some of the parameters used by the report are pricing, R&D, capacity building, actual performance vs. intent and innovation. GlaxoSmithKline (GSK) has bagged the first position this year. "GSK is developing the most R&D projects that target high-priority product gaps with low commercial incentive. It tops the index for considering affordability when setting prices, and comes a close second in the access-enabling management of IP. It is a leading performer in addressing needs when it builds capacity, especially in pharmacovigilance and R&D", the report observes. The report observes that GSK leads, with equitable pricing for more than 60 products. Further Sales in emerging markets account for approximately 25 per cent of their total sales. GSK holds a 77.4 per cent stake in ViiV Healthcare, a joint venture with Pfizer and Shionogi focused on the research, development, and commercialization of HIV/AIDS medicines. In 2014, the company acquired Novartis' vaccine business, and divested its marketed oncology portfolio to Novartis in return. As part of the deal, the two companies created a new consumer healthcare business, with GSK retaining majority control. Further, the Access to Medicines report 2014 has noted that six companies account for about three quarters of the 151 high-priority, low-incentive research projects being undertaken. These include GSK, Abbvie, Johnson and Johnson, Sanofi, Novartis, Merck KGaA. The study emphasizes that pricing is one of the factors that ensures availability of medicines to all. Alarmingly, the extent of equitable pricing hovers around a third of the 850 products on the market for high-burden diseases. Further, only 5 per cent, or about 44 products, are covered by need-based pricing involving strategies that set different prices for different population segments within a country. The study has measured how companies have been willing to share patents or non-exclusive voluntary licensing. "Companies generally remain conservative in their positions on the Doha Declaration on the TRIPS agreement and public health", observes the report. The TRIPS agreement was administered by the World Trade organisation to ensure that there are minimum standards for many forms of intellectual property regulation. Exceptions to these, argues the report are AstraZeneca, GSK and Merck KGaA. Finally, among the suggetions the report is of the belief that companies should manage their IP rights responsibly so that there is no limit to the availability of essential medicines. Read More On Pharma Industry | Glaxosmithkline. Johnson And Johnson | Novartis | Merck | Sanofi | Astrazeneca | Novo Nordisk | Pfizer | Daiichi Sankyo | Bill & Melinda Gates Foundation | Access To Medicine Index | Nppa | Malaria | Hiv/aids | Tuberculosis | Oncology PREVIOUS STORY NEXT STORY RECOMMENDED FOR YOU Advertisements Punto Evo - With Cash Benefits upto ? 60,000. Know More. T&C Buy New Age Health Insurance with Added Benefits New to the stock market? Take your FirstStep Fiat Linea - 125PS Power &TouchScreen Navigation System.T&C. Intelligent Retail of the Future Enjoy Free Stock Trading with Upstox Learn the Art of Investing through Sharekhan Super Saver Health Insurance for Whole Family Open Free Demat A/c with low brokerage fee Yet to open a Sharekhan Account? No Indian Pharma company in world Access to Medicine Index GSK, J&J, Novartis, Merck are among top 20 firms working towards making available essential drugs in low- and middle-income countries GSK, J&J, Novartis, Merck are among top 20 firms working towards making available essential drugs in low- and middle-income countries A recent study undertaken by the Netherlands-based Access to Medicine Foundation, funded by the Bill & Melinda Gates Foundation, UK government and the Dutch Ministry of Foreign Affairs, has revealed that not even a single Indian pharmaceutical company features in the list of top 20 companies that have attempted at making medicines affordable for those in low and middle income countries. The Access to Medicine Index lists the top-20 companies in the world on the basis of working towards making available essential drugs in low- and middle-income countries. This report is revealed at a time when India is reworking the structure and nature of the National Pharmaceutical Pricing Authority (NPPA), which is supposed to ensure price parity with Indian conditions, and ironically the campaign for affordable medicines to all in India is in full swing. The list is topped by UK-headquartered GlaxoSmithkline. Johnson and Johnson, Novartis, Merck, Sanofi, Astrazeneca, Novo Nordisk, Pfizer Inc, Japanese drug maker Daiichi Sankyo are others who have featured in the top-20 list. The index focuses on 22 diseases, with major on malaria, HIV/AIDS, tuberculosis and viral hepatitis. Some of the parameters used by the report are pricing, R&D, capacity building, actual performance vs. intent and innovation. GlaxoSmithKline (GSK) has bagged the first position this year. "GSK is developing the most R&D projects that target high-priority product gaps with low commercial incentive. It tops the index for considering affordability when setting prices, and comes a close second in the access-enabling management of IP. It is a leading performer in addressing needs when it builds capacity, especially in pharmacovigilance and R&D", the report observes. The report observes that GSK leads, with equitable pricing for more than 60 products. Further Sales in emerging markets account for approximately 25 per cent of their total sales. GSK holds a 77.4 per cent stake in ViiV Healthcare, a joint venture with Pfizer and Shionogi focused on the research, development, and commercialization of HIV/AIDS medicines. In 2014, the company acquired Novartis' vaccine business, and divested its marketed oncology portfolio to Novartis in return. As part of the deal, the two companies created a new consumer healthcare business, with GSK retaining majority control. Further, the Access to Medicines report 2014 has noted that six companies account for about three quarters of the 151 high-priority, low-incentive research projects being undertaken. These include GSK, Abbvie, Johnson and Johnson, Sanofi, Novartis, Merck KGaA. The study emphasizes that pricing is one of the factors that ensures availability of medicines to all. Alarmingly, the extent of equitable pricing hovers around a third of the 850 products on the market for high-burden diseases. Further, only 5 per cent, or about 44 products, are covered by need-based pricing involving strategies that set different prices for different population segments within a country. The study has measured how companies have been willing to share patents or non-exclusive voluntary licensing. "Companies generally remain conservative in their positions on the Doha Declaration on the TRIPS agreement and public health", observes the report. The TRIPS agreement was administered by the World Trade organisation to ensure that there are minimum standards for many forms of intellectual property regulation. Exceptions to these, argues the report are AstraZeneca, GSK and Merck KGaA. Finally, among the suggetions the report is of the belief that companies should manage their IP rights responsibly so that there is no limit to the availability of essential medicines. Veena Mani Business Standard http://bsmedia.business-standard.com/_media/bs/wap/images/bs_logo_amp.png 177 22 No Indian Pharma company in world Access to Medicine Index GSK, J&J, Novartis, Merck are among top 20 firms working towards making available essential drugs in low- and middle-income countries A recent study undertaken by the Netherlands-based Access to Medicine Foundation, funded by the Bill & Melinda Gates Foundation, UK government and the Dutch Ministry of Foreign Affairs, has revealed that not even a single Indian pharmaceutical company features in the list of top 20 companies that have attempted at making medicines affordable for those in low and middle income countries. The Access to Medicine Index lists the top-20 companies in the world on the basis of working towards making available essential drugs in low- and middle-income countries. This report is revealed at a time when India is reworking the structure and nature of the National Pharmaceutical Pricing Authority (NPPA), which is supposed to ensure price parity with Indian conditions, and ironically the campaign for affordable medicines to all in India is in full swing. The list is topped by UK-headquartered GlaxoSmithkline. Johnson and Johnson, Novartis, Merck, Sanofi, Astrazeneca, Novo Nordisk, Pfizer Inc, Japanese drug maker Daiichi Sankyo are others who have featured in the top-20 list. The index focuses on 22 diseases, with major on malaria, HIV/AIDS, tuberculosis and viral hepatitis. Some of the parameters used by the report are pricing, R&D, capacity building, actual performance vs. intent and innovation. GlaxoSmithKline (GSK) has bagged the first position this year. "GSK is developing the most R&D projects that target high-priority product gaps with low commercial incentive. It tops the index for considering affordability when setting prices, and comes a close second in the access-enabling management of IP. It is a leading performer in addressing needs when it builds capacity, especially in pharmacovigilance and R&D", the report observes. The report observes that GSK leads, with equitable pricing for more than 60 products. Further Sales in emerging markets account for approximately 25 per cent of their total sales. GSK holds a 77.4 per cent stake in ViiV Healthcare, a joint venture with Pfizer and Shionogi focused on the research, development, and commercialization of HIV/AIDS medicines. In 2014, the company acquired Novartis' vaccine business, and divested its marketed oncology portfolio to Novartis in return. As part of the deal, the two companies created a new consumer healthcare business, with GSK retaining majority control. Further, the Access to Medicines report 2014 has noted that six companies account for about three quarters of the 151 high-priority, low-incentive research projects being undertaken. These include GSK, Abbvie, Johnson and Johnson, Sanofi, Novartis, Merck KGaA. The study emphasizes that pricing is one of the factors that ensures availability of medicines to all. Alarmingly, the extent of equitable pricing hovers around a third of the 850 products on the market for high-burden diseases. Further, only 5 per cent, or about 44 products, are covered by need-based pricing involving strategies that set different prices for different population segments within a country. The study has measured how companies have been willing to share patents or non-exclusive voluntary licensing. "Companies generally remain conservative in their positions on the Doha Declaration on the TRIPS agreement and public health", observes the report. The TRIPS agreement was administered by the World Trade organisation to ensure that there are minimum standards for many forms of intellectual property regulation. Exceptions to these, argues the report are AstraZeneca, GSK and Merck KGaA. Finally, among the suggetions the report is of the belief that companies should manage their IP rights responsibly so that there is no limit to the availability of essential medicines. Veena Mani Business Standard http://bsmedia.business-standard.com/_media/bs/wap/images/bs_logo_amp.png 177 22 MORE ON MARKETS: Quick Links Stock Market Live Portfolio Commodity Market Upcoming IPO Personal Finance Stock Market News Derivatives Mutual Funds Gold Price Sensex Browse STOCK Companies A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 Browse Mutual Funds A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z Index Stocks ACC Adani Ports Ambuja Cem. Asian Paints Aurobindo Pharma Axis Bank B H E L B P C L Bajaj Auto Bank of Baroda Bharti Airtel Bharti Infra. Bosch Cipla Coal India Dr Reddy's Labs Eicher Motors GAIL (India) Grasim Inds H D F C HCL Technologies HDFC Bank Hero Motocorp Hind. Unilever Hindalco Inds. ICICI Bank Idea Cellular IndusInd Bank Infosys ITC Kotak Mah. Bank Larsen & Toubro Lupin M & M Maruri Suzuki NTPC O N G C Power Grid Corpn Reliance Inds. St Bk of India Sun Pharma. Inds. Tata Motors Tata Motors-DVR Tata Power Co. Tata Steel TCS Tech Mahindra UltraTech Cement Ltd Wipro Yes Bank Zee Entertainment Copyrights © 2015 Business Standard Private Ltd. All rights reserved. From BS Website Home Companies Markets Opinion Politics Technology Specials Personal Finance Budget Latest News Today's Paper RBI Policy General News General Videos General Photo Gallery Events Authors About us About Us Code of Conduct Terms & Conditions Disclaimer Investor Communication Support & Contact Partner with Us Careers Advertise with Us Contact Us Feedback Browser Support Sitemap Subscribe E-Paper BS Magazines Portfolio Tracker BS Products Smart Investor BS Hindi BS Motoring BS Books B2B Connect iPhone iPad android wap BS Banking Round Table 2016 BS Fund Cafe 2016 Elections 2016 Assam Elections Kerala Elections Tamil Nadu Elections West Bengal Elections Connect with BS Facebook Google+ Linkedin Twitter Youtube RSS Upgrade To Premium Services Welcome User Business Standard is happy to inform you of the launch of "Business Standard Premium Services" As a premium subscriber you get an across device unfettered access to a range of services which include: Access Exclusive content - articles, features & opinion pieces Weekly Industry/Genre specific newsletters - Choose multiple industries/genres Access to 17 plus years of content archives Set Stock price alerts for your portfolio and watch list and get them delivered to your e-mail box End of day news alerts on 5 companies (via email) NEW: Get seamless access to WSJ.com at a great price. No additional sign-up required.   Premium Services In Partnership with   Dear Guest,   Welcome to the premium services of Business Standard brought to you courtesy FIS. Kindly visit the Manage my subscription page to discover the benefits of this programme. Enjoy Reading! Team Business Standard  
About Us Contact Us Help user name password Client login:    First time user sign up Forgot your login info? Website Directory     Submit Website Search All categoriesAdvertising  GeneralAerospace  GeneralAgriculture  GeneralAirlines  GeneralAmerica - Post 9/11  GeneralApparel  GeneralApple Products  GeneralArchitectural  GeneralArchitecture  ArchitectureArt & Entertainments  Books  Celebrities  Country Music  Dance  Magazines  Movies  Museums  Music  Music Downloads  News & Talk Shows  Performing Arts  Photography  Television  Web SitesArts/Culture  GeneralAuction  GeneralAutomotive  Aftermarket  Classic Autos  Consumer Publications  General  Motorcycle & Bike  Racing  Recreational Vehicle  Repair & Service  Trade PublicationsBlogging & Social Media  Blogging & Social MediaBusiness  Advertising / Marketing  Books  Consumer Research  Direct Marketing  e-Commerce  Entrepreneurs  Finance  Franchise  Human Resources  Insurance  Investment  Management  Markets  Network Marketing  Online Marketing / SEO  Payday Loans  Public Relations  Publications  Real Estate  Retail  Stocks  Supermarkets  Women in BusinessCareers/HR  GeneralChemical  GeneralCoaching / Mentoring  Coaching / MentoringComputers  Apple Products  Databases  Games & Entertainment  General  Hosting  Instruction  Linux / GNU "Open Source"  Macintosh  Microsoft Windows PC  Operating Systems  Programming  Security  Software  Tablet PCs  UtilitiesConstruction  GeneralConsumer  Gifts and Collectibles  Hobbies  Web sites / InternetDesign  Graphic Design  Industrial  WebE-Cigarette  GeneraleCommerce  GeneralEconomy  GeneralEducation  College / University  General  Home Schooling  K-12  Post Graduate  TechnicalElectronics  GeneralEmail Marketing  GeneralEmailWire Press Releases  Press Release TipsEmployment/Careers  GeneralEngineering  GeneralEntertainment  GeneralEnvironment  GeneralEvents / Trade Shows  GeneralFinance  GeneralFood  GeneralFranchise  GeneralFraud / Identity Theft  GeneralGaming  GeneralGovernment  General  Judicial  Law Enforcement  Legislative  Local  National  Public Services  Security  State  TransportationHealthcare  GeneralHome and Family  Banking / Personal Finance  Bereavement / Loss  Home Furnishings / Interiors  Landscaping & Gardening  Marriage / Relationships  Money  Parenting  Payday Loans  Pets  Taxes  Wedding / BridalHome Schooling  GeneralHotels/Resorts  GeneralHousehold  GeneralIndustry  Aerospace / Defense  Agriculture  Apparel / Textiles  Broadcast  Construction / Building  Electrical  Food  Funeral  Healthcare  Leisure / Hospitality  Logistics / Shipping  Manufacturing / Production  Mining / Metals  Oil / Energy  Paper / Forest Products  Plumbing, Heating & AC  Print Media  Printing  Publishing  Radio  Restaurants  Tobacco  ToyInsurance  GeneralInternet/Online  GeneralLegal  GeneralLeisure  GeneralLifestyle  Beauty  Dating / Singles  Diet / Weight Loss  Fashion  Food / Beverage  Health & Fitness  Hotel / Resorts  Pastimes  Restaurants  Retirement  Travel & TourismMachinery  GeneralMaritime  GeneralMedical  Addiction  Allergies  Alternative Medicine  Asthma  Cancer  Cardiology  Chiropractic  Dental  Dermatology  Diabetes  Emergency  Family Medicine  General  General  Geriatrics  Hospitals  Infectious Diseases  Internal Medicine  Managed Care / HMO  Medical Products  Mental Health  Neurology  Nursing  Nutrition  OB / GYN  Pediatrics  Pharmaceuticals  Physical Therapy  Plastic Surgery  Psychology  Radiology / Imaging  Research  Sports Medicine  Surgery  VisionMilitary  GeneralMining/Metals  GeneralMiscellaneous  GeneralNanotechnology  NanotechnologyNon-profit  GeneralOccupational Safety  Occupational SafetyOil/Energy  GeneralOpinion / Editorial  Opinion / EditorialPaper Products  GeneralPaper/Forest  GeneralPharmaceuticals  GeneralPodcasting  Announce  Tools and ServicesPolitics  PoliticsPrint Media  GeneralPublic Utilities  Public UtilitiesPublishing  GeneralRadio  GeneralReal Estate  GeneralReligion  Christian  General  Islam  Jewish  OtherRestaurants  GeneralRetail  GeneralRSS & Content Syndication  RSS & Content SyndicationScience and Research  Science and ResearchSelf-Help / Personal Growth  Self-Help / Personal GrowthShipbuilding  GeneralSociety  African American Interests  Asian Interests  Childrens Issues  Disabled Issues / Disabilities  Gay / Lesbian  Hispanic  Mens Interests  Native American  Senior Citizens  Social Services  Teen Issues/Interests  Womens InterestSoftware  GeneralSports  Baseball  Basketball  Bicycling  Boating / Maritime  Bowling  Boxing  Fishing  Football  Golf  Hockey  Hunting  Martial Arts  Outdoors  Rugby  Soccer  Tennis  Water  Winter/SnowSports/Fitness  GeneralStocks  GeneralSupermarkets  GeneralTechnology  Biotechnology  Computer  Electronics  Enterprise Software  Games  Graphics/Printing/CAD  Hardware / Peripherals  Industrial  Information  Internet  Multimedia  Networking  Public Sector/Government  Robotics  Semiconductor  Software  Telecommunications  WebmastersTelecom  General  WirelessTelevision  GeneralTobacco  GeneralTrade  GeneralTransportation  GeneralTravel  GeneralUtilities  GeneralVolunteer  VolunteerWeather  Weather Home > News By Company > ReportsWeb.com Tweet   Carbidopa Market 2021 Trends and Review ReportsWeb.com has announced the addition of the Global Carbidopa 2021 Market Research Report The report focuses on global major leading players with information such as company profiles, product picture and specification.     (EMAILWIRE.COM, November 18, 2016 ) This report studies Carbidopa in Global market, especially in North America, Europe, China, Japan, Southeast Asia and India, focuses on top manufacturers in global market, with capacity, production, price, revenue and market share for each manufacturer, covering Novartis Merck Sharp & Dohme Corp AbbVie Impax WOCKHARDT Allergan Teva Pharmaceuticals Mylan N.V. Valeant Jinghua Pharmaceutica For more information about this report at http://www.reportsweb.com/global-carbidopa-market-research-report-2016 Market Segment by Regions, this report splits Global into several key Regions, with production, consumption, revenue, market share and growth rate of Carbidopa in these regions, from 2011 to 2021 (forecast), like North America Europe China Japan Southeast Asia India Split by product type, with production, revenue, price, market share and growth rate of each type, can be divided into Type I Type II Type III Split by application, this report focuses on consumption, market share and growth rate of Carbidopa in each application, can be divided into Application 1 Application 2 Application 3 Request a sample copy at http://www.reportsweb.com/inquiry&RW0001373561/sample Table of Content 1 Carbidopa Overview 2 Global Carbidopa Market Competition by Manufacturers 3 Global Carbidopa Analysis by Region 4 Global Carbidopa Supply (Production), Consumption, Export, Import by Regions (2011-2016) 4.1 Global Carbidopa Consumption by Regions (2011-2016) 4.2 North America Carbidopa Production, Consumption, Export, Import by Regions (2011-2016) 4.3 Europe Carbidopa Production, Consumption, Export, Import by Regions (2011-2016) 4.4 China Carbidopa Production, Consumption, Export, Import by Regions (2011-2016) 4.5 Japan Carbidopa Production, Consumption, Export, Import by Regions (2011-2016) 4.6 Southeast Asia Carbidopa Production, Consumption, Export, Import by Regions (2011-2016) 4.7 India Carbidopa Production, Consumption, Export, Import by Regions (2011-2016) 5 Global Carbidopa Production, Revenue (Value), Price Trend by Type 5.1 Global Carbidopa Production and Market Share by Type (2011-2016) 5.2 Global Carbidopa Revenue and Market Share by Type (2011-2016) 5.3 Global Carbidopa Price by Type (2011-2016) 5.4 Global Carbidopa Production Growth by Type (2011-2016) 6 Global Carbidopa Market Analysis by Application 6.1 Global Carbidopa Consumption and Market Share by Application (2011-2016) 6.2 Global Carbidopa Consumption Growth Rate by Application (2011-2016) 6.3 Market Drivers and Opportunities 6.3.1 Potential Applications 6.3.2 Emerging Markets/Countries 7 Global Carbidopa Manufacturers Profiles/Analysis 7.1 Novartis 7.1.1 Company Basic Information, Manufacturing Base and Its Competitors 7.1.2 Carbidopa Product Type, Application and Specification 7.1.2.1 Type I 7.1.2.2 Type II 7.1.3 Novartis Carbidopa Capacity, Production, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2015 and 2016) 7.1.4 Main Business/Business Overview 7.2 Merck Sharp & Dohme Corp 7.2.1 Company Basic Information, Manufacturing Base and Its Competitors 7.2.2 Carbidopa Product Type, Application and Specification 7.2.2.1 Type I 7.2.2.2 Type II 7.2.3 Merck Sharp & Dohme Corp Carbidopa Capacity, Production, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2015 and 2016) 7.2.4 Main Business/Business Overview Ask for Discount at http://www.reportsweb.com/inquiry&RW0001373561/discount. 8 Research Findings and Conclusion Purchase Complete Report at http://www.reportsweb.com/buy&RW0001373561/buy/2900. Contact Information: ReportsWeb.com Priya Sisodia Tel: +1-646-491-9876 Email us This is a press release. Press release distribution and press release services by EmailWire.Com: http://www.emailwire.com/us-press-release-distribution.php. 
   Search All categoriesAdvertising  GeneralAerospace  GeneralAgriculture  GeneralAirlines  GeneralAmerica - Post 9/11  GeneralApparel  GeneralApple Products  GeneralArchitectural  GeneralArchitecture  ArchitectureArt & Entertainments  Books  Celebrities  Country Music  Dance  Magazines  Movies  Museums  Music  Music Downloads  News & Talk Shows  Performing Arts  Photography  Television  Web SitesArts/Culture  GeneralAuction  GeneralAutomotive  Aftermarket  Classic Autos  Consumer Publications  General  Motorcycle & Bike  Racing  Recreational Vehicle  Repair & Service  Trade PublicationsBlogging & Social Media  Blogging & Social MediaBusiness  Advertising / Marketing  Books  Consumer Research  Direct Marketing  e-Commerce  Entrepreneurs  Finance  Franchise  Human Resources  Insurance  Investment  Management  Markets  Network Marketing  Online Marketing / SEO  Payday Loans  Public Relations  Publications  Real Estate  Retail  Stocks  Supermarkets  Women in BusinessCareers/HR  GeneralChemical  GeneralCoaching / Mentoring  Coaching / MentoringComputers  Apple Products  Databases  Games & Entertainment  General  Hosting  Instruction  Linux / GNU "Open Source"  Macintosh  Microsoft Windows PC  Operating Systems  Programming  Security  Software  Tablet PCs  UtilitiesConstruction  GeneralConsumer  Gifts and Collectibles  Hobbies  Web sites / InternetDesign  Graphic Design  Industrial  WebE-Cigarette  GeneraleCommerce  GeneralEconomy  GeneralEducation  College / University  General  Home Schooling  K-12  Post Graduate  TechnicalElectronics  GeneralEmail Marketing  GeneralEmailWire Press Releases  Press Release TipsEmployment/Careers  GeneralEngineering  GeneralEntertainment  GeneralEnvironment  GeneralEvents / Trade Shows  GeneralFinance  GeneralFood  GeneralFranchise  GeneralFraud / Identity Theft  GeneralGaming  GeneralGovernment  General  Judicial  Law Enforcement  Legislative  Local  National  Public Services  Security  State  TransportationHealthcare  GeneralHome and Family  Banking / Personal Finance  Bereavement / Loss  Home Furnishings / Interiors  Landscaping & Gardening  Marriage / Relationships  Money  Parenting  Payday Loans  Pets  Taxes  Wedding / BridalHome Schooling  GeneralHotels/Resorts  GeneralHousehold  GeneralIndustry  Aerospace / Defense  Agriculture  Apparel / Textiles  Broadcast  Construction / Building  Electrical  Food  Funeral  Healthcare  Leisure / Hospitality  Logistics / Shipping  Manufacturing / Production  Mining / Metals  Oil / Energy  Paper / Forest Products  Plumbing, Heating & AC  Print Media  Printing  Publishing  Radio  Restaurants  Tobacco  ToyInsurance  GeneralInternet/Online  GeneralLegal  GeneralLeisure  GeneralLifestyle  Beauty  Dating / Singles  Diet / Weight Loss  Fashion  Food / Beverage  Health & Fitness  Hotel / Resorts  Pastimes  Restaurants  Retirement  Travel & TourismMachinery  GeneralMaritime  GeneralMedical  Addiction  Allergies  Alternative Medicine  Asthma  Cancer  Cardiology  Chiropractic  Dental  Dermatology  Diabetes  Emergency  Family Medicine  General  General  Geriatrics  Hospitals  Infectious Diseases  Internal Medicine  Managed Care / HMO  Medical Products  Mental Health  Neurology  Nursing  Nutrition  OB / GYN  Pediatrics  Pharmaceuticals  Physical Therapy  Plastic Surgery  Psychology  Radiology / Imaging  Research  Sports Medicine  Surgery  VisionMilitary  GeneralMining/Metals  GeneralMiscellaneous  GeneralNanotechnology  NanotechnologyNon-profit  GeneralOccupational Safety  Occupational SafetyOil/Energy  GeneralOpinion / Editorial  Opinion / EditorialPaper Products  GeneralPaper/Forest  GeneralPharmaceuticals  GeneralPodcasting  Announce  Tools and ServicesPolitics  PoliticsPrint Media  GeneralPublic Utilities  Public UtilitiesPublishing  GeneralRadio  GeneralReal Estate  GeneralReligion  Christian  General  Islam  Jewish  OtherRestaurants  GeneralRetail  GeneralRSS & Content Syndication  RSS & Content SyndicationScience and Research  Science and ResearchSelf-Help / Personal Growth  Self-Help / Personal GrowthShipbuilding  GeneralSociety  African American Interests  Asian Interests  Childrens Issues  Disabled Issues / Disabilities  Gay / Lesbian  Hispanic  Mens Interests  Native American  Senior Citizens  Social Services  Teen Issues/Interests  Womens InterestSoftware  GeneralSports  Baseball  Basketball  Bicycling  Boating / Maritime  Bowling  Boxing  Fishing  Football  Golf  Hockey  Hunting  Martial Arts  Outdoors  Rugby  Soccer  Tennis  Water  Winter/SnowSports/Fitness  GeneralStocks  GeneralSupermarkets  GeneralTechnology  Biotechnology  Computer  Electronics  Enterprise Software  Games  Graphics/Printing/CAD  Hardware / Peripherals  Industrial  Information  Internet  Multimedia  Networking  Public Sector/Government  Robotics  Semiconductor  Software  Telecommunications  WebmastersTelecom  General  WirelessTelevision  GeneralTobacco  GeneralTrade  GeneralTransportation  GeneralTravel  GeneralUtilities  GeneralVolunteer  VolunteerWeather  Weather Advertising | How to contact us | Privacy Statement | EmailWire Press Releases | Partnership Opportunities EmailWire is a press release distribution service of GroupWeb Media LLC. © Copyright GroupWeb Media LLC 2016
Warning: mysql_connect() [function.mysql-connect]: Too many connections in /home/ewire/public_html/includes/db_conn.php on line 10 Warning: mysql_select_db(): supplied argument is not a valid MySQL-Link resource in /home/ewire/public_html/includes/db_conn.php on line 11 Warning: mysql_query() [function.mysql-query]: Access denied for user 'nobody'@'localhost' (using password: NO) in /home/ewire/public_html/incAll.php on line 9 Warning: mysql_query() [function.mysql-query]: A link to the server could not be established in /home/ewire/public_html/incAll.php on line 9 Warning: mysql_num_rows(): supplied argument is not a valid MySQL result resource in /home/ewire/public_html/incAll.php on line 10 Warning: session_start() [function.session-start]: Cannot send session cookie - headers already sent by (output started at /home/ewire/public_html/includes/db_conn.php:10) in /home/ewire/public_html/incAll.php on line 14 Warning: session_start() [function.session-start]: Cannot send session cache limiter - headers already sent (output started at /home/ewire/public_html/includes/db_conn.php:10) in /home/ewire/public_html/incAll.php on line 14 Warning: mysql_query() [function.mysql-query]: Access denied for user 'nobody'@'localhost' (using password: NO) in /home/ewire/public_html/incAll.php on line 80 Warning: mysql_query() [function.mysql-query]: A link to the server could not be established in /home/ewire/public_html/incAll.php on line 80 Warning: mysql_num_rows(): supplied argument is not a valid MySQL result resource in /home/ewire/public_html/incAll.php on line 81 Warning: mysql_query(): supplied argument is not a valid MySQL-Link resource in /home/ewire/public_html/friendly.php on line 6 Warning: mysql_fetch_assoc(): supplied argument is not a valid MySQL result resource in /home/ewire/public_html/friendly.php on line 7 Warning: mysql_query(): supplied argument is not a valid MySQL-Link resource in /home/ewire/public_html/pr.php on line 10 Warning: mysql_num_rows(): supplied argument is not a valid MySQL result resource in /home/ewire/public_html/pr.php on line 11 Warning: mysql_query(): supplied argument is not a valid MySQL-Link resource in /home/ewire/public_html/pr.php on line 63 Warning: mysql_fetch_array(): supplied argument is not a valid MySQL result resource in /home/ewire/public_html/pr.php on line 64 About Us Contact Us Help user name password Client login:    First time user sign up Forgot your login info? Website Directory     Submit Website Search All categories Warning: mysql_query() [function.mysql-query]: Access denied for user 'nobody'@'localhost' (using password: NO) in /home/ewire/public_html/tracker/tracking.php on line 8 Warning: mysql_query() [function.mysql-query]: A link to the server could not be established in /home/ewire/public_html/tracker/tracking.php on line 8 Access denied for user 'nobody'@'localhost' (using password: NO)
自由電子報 | 影音娛樂 | 好康報報 | 自由部落 ‧Business Home Front Page Taiwan News Business Editorials Sports World News Features Bilingual Pages Home / Business Sun, Nov 20, 2016 - Page 14　News List Print Mail Facebook Twitter plurk funp Wall Street slips as investors cash in BREATHER:While all three major indices on Wall Street closed higher for a second week, the rally lost steam as investors awaited more information to support their bets Reuters, NEW YORK Traders James Dresch, left, and Gregory Rowe work on the floor of the New York Stock Exchange on Monday. Photo: AP US stocks ended lower on Friday, with healthcare stocks leading the declines, as investors cashed in on a post-election rally and waited for clarity on the next administration’s policies. Wall Street equities took a breather after rising dramatically since Republican candidate Donald Trump’s surprise victory in the presidential election on Nov. 8. While the three major indices closed higher for the second week in a row, the rally lost some steam this week as investors awaited more information to support their bets that Trump could succeed in passing proposals to lift infrastructure spending and reduce taxes. “I see the market kind of churning here because it’s had a very decent move,” said Ken Polcari, director of the NYSE floor division at O’Neil Securities in New York. “Trump’s policies continue to be just rhetoric, because none of it has been enacted.” The Dow Jones industrial average on Friday fell 35.89 points, or 0.19 percent, to 18,867.93, while the S&P 500 dropped 5.22 points, or 0.24 percent, to 2,181.90. The NASDAQ Composite slipped 12.46 points, or 0.23 percent, to 5,321.51 after hitting a record of 5,346.8. For the week, the Dow is up 0.1 percent from last week’s 18,847.66; the S&P is 0.8 higher from last week’s 2,164.45; and the NASDAQ is up 1.6 percent from last week’s 5,237.10. The NASDAQ’s biggest drags came from technology companies, such as Alphabet Inc, and drug firms, including Amgen. Six of the 11 major S&P 500 sectors closed lower on Friday. Losses in shares of Allergan PLC and Merck were the biggest drags on the S&P health sector, which led the decliners. The health index pared its post-election lift, but was still 1.8 percent higher than on Nov. 8, even after Friday’s drop of 1.2 percent. Only five of the index’s stocks ended higher. Consumer staples fell 0.4 percent, weighed down by a 1.3 percent fall in Procter & Gamble. The S&P Energy sector was the second-best performer, with a 0.5 percent increase as producers added to rig count, suggesting they might be expecting a demand boost. The S&P financial sector ended up 0.08 percent, and has risen 10.8 percent since the US election, boosted by prospect of higher interest rates and lighter regulation. St Louis Federal Reserve President James Bullard on Friday said he was leaning toward supporting an increase next month and that the real question would be the Fed’s rate path next year. Kansas City Fed President Esther George said that while she supports raising rates, the US central bank must do so only gradually. The comments added to Fed Chair Janet Yellen’s Thursday statement that the rate hike could come “relatively soon.” Declining issues outnumbered advancing ones on the NYSE by a 1.10-to-1 ratio; on NASDAQ, a 1.18-to-1 ratio favored advancers. The S&P 500 posted 32 new 52-week highs and 4 new lows; the NASDAQ Composite recorded 253 new highs and 30 new lows. This story has been viewed 1296 times. Comments will be moderated. Remarks containing abusive and obscene language, personal attacks of any kind or promotion will be removed and the user banned. Print Mail facebook twitter plurk funp TOP Most Popular Listing from 2016-11-14 to 2016-11-21 Most read Most e-mailed 1 Anti-gay protesters storm legislature 2 INTERVIEW: President talks foreign policy in Trump era 3 EVERYDAY ENGLISH 4 Trump a chance to change US’ Taiwan policy: ex-official 5 EVERYDAY ENGLISH MORE  1 INTERVIEW: President talks foreign policy in Trump era 2 Trump a chance to change US’ Taiwan policy: ex-official 3 Student rails against ‘stateless’ ID 4 INTERVIEW: President Tsai Ing-wen takes aim at economic growth 5 Xi Jinping’s call to be ‘comrade’ has alternative meaning MORE  Home Front Page Taiwan News Business Editorials Sports World News Features Bilingual Pages Subscribe‧Advertise‧Employment‧About Us‧Contact Us‧ RSS Copyright © 1999-2016 The Taipei Times. All rights reserved.
Email Password Remember me Forgot password?     Log in with Facebook Log in with Twitter Log In news tech & science social media business entertainment life sports     New drug for clearing plaques in Alzheimer’s patients Listen | Print By Tim Sandle     yesterday in Science A new drug has been developed, designed to clear up plaques of beta amyloid protein that build-up in patients who have different stages of Alzheimer’s disease. The drug may play a role in slowing down disease progression. The new medication has been designed to inhibit an enzyme BACE1. The action may lead to a clearing up of amyloid plaques from patients with Alzheimer’s disease. Amyloid plaques are a form of adhesive build-up that can accumulate outside nerve cells. Although amyloid is a protein that is normally found throughout the body, when it is associated with Alzheimer’s disease the protein divides improperly (folding) which creates a form called beta amyloid. This folded protein is considered toxic to neurons in the brain (that is, neural death occurs.) The reason for focusing on Beta-secretase 1 (or BACE1) is because this enzyme is responsible for the production of beta-amyloid peptides in the brain. The enzyme has become a major target for Alzheimer’s disease researchers. The new drug, called verbuecestat, has been designed by Dr. Matthew Kennedy, who is the Director of Early Discovery Neuroscience at Merck. The drug has shown some initial success in early studies. Here the drug reduces the sticky peptide beta-amyloid in the blood and cerebrospinal fluid. This was initially tested on rats, and then on monkeys. In addition, some controlled trials have been performed on humans. With people the research has been part of a phase 1 clinical study involving 32 patients. This was designed to see if the drug was safe and if there were any toxic effects. Following this a phase 3 study commenced and this is currently in progress. The second study involves 2,200 patients who have been diagnosed with mild Alzheimer’s. The next stage of results reporting is expected in 2017. The research has been published in the journal Science Translational Medicine. The research paper is titled “The BACE1 inhibitor verubecestat (MK-8931) reduces CNS β-amyloid in animal models and in Alzheimer’s disease patients.” More about Alzheimer's disease, Neurodegenrative disease, plaques, Beta amyloid More news from Alzheimer s disease Neurodegenrative dis... plaques Beta amyloid Latest News Top News Erdogan says Turkey can spurn EU and join Shanghai Pact France's seven centre-right presidential hopefuls Review: Keith Urban headlines the Barclays Center, puts on awesome show Special Philippines' Duterte meets 'hero' Putin Merkel: from austerity queen to democratic torch-bearer Op-Ed: Why Kovalev deserves immediate rematch against Ward New Zealand town builds underpass tunnel for penguins 15 killed, more than 35 wounded in southern Libyan tribal clashes Review: Barclays Center falls in love to the beat of Brett Eldredge Special Violence puts Yemen ceasefire extension in doubt Corporate Contact Us About Us Advertise Investors & Partners Help & Support Editorial Guidelines Terms of Use Privacy Policy News Links Latest News Live Events News Alerts GlobeNewswire News Global Press Releases 24-7PressRelease.com copyright © 2016 digitaljournal.com   |   powered by dell servers
Wall Street slips, led by healthcare decline By Dow Jones industrial average fell 35.89 points, or 0.19 percent, to 18,867.93 while the S&P 500 dropped 5.22 points, or 0.24 percent, to 2,181.9. Buy VA Tech Wabag; target of Rs 781: SPA Financial - Mahagams to save Rs 2,000 cr on ash transportation, provide News Quotes NAVs Commodities Futures News Messages Notices Videos All Search Language App Subscriptions Specials Sign-In Register Santa Claus Logout Hindi Gujrati Profile Portfolio Watchlist Messages Alerts News markets Mutual Funds commodities property personal finance portfolio Forum LIVE TV TV18 terminal Home Business Management Talk Markets Stocks Politics International Tech Lifestyle SME Videos Home » News » Markets » International Markets Nov 19, 2016, 11.43 AM | Source: Reuters Wall Street slips, led by healthcare decline Dow Jones industrial average fell 35.89 points, or 0.19 percent, to 18,867.93 while the S&P 500 dropped 5.22 points, or 0.24 percent, to 2,181.9. Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3 Wall Street slips, led by healthcare decline Dow Jones industrial average fell 35.89 points, or 0.19 percent, to 18,867.93 while the S&P 500 dropped 5.22 points, or 0.24 percent, to 2,181.9. Post Your Comments Share Cancel US stocks ended lower on Friday, with healthcare stocks leading the declines, as investors cashed in on a post-election rally and waited for clarity on the next administration's policies. Wall Street equities took a breather after rising dramatically since Donald Trump's surprise victory in the presidential election last week. While the three major indexes closed higher for the second week in a row, the rally lost some steam this week as investors awaited more information to support their bets that Trump could succeed in passing proposals to lift infrastructure spending and reduce taxes. "I see the market kind of churning here because it's had a very decent move," said Ken Polcari, director of the NYSE floor division at O’Neil Securities in New York. "Trump's policies continue to be just rhetoric because none of it has been enacted." The Dow Jones industrial average fell 35.89 points, or 0.19 percent, to 18,867.93 while the S&P 500 dropped 5.22 points, or 0.24 percent, to 2,181.9. The Nasdaq Composite slipped 12.46 points, or 0.23 percent, to 5,321.51 after hitting a record of 5346.8. The Nasdaq's biggest drags came from technology companies such as Alphabet Inc and drug firms including Amgen. Six of the 11 major S&P 500 sectors closed lower. Losses in shares of Allergan Plc and Merck were the biggest drags on the S&P health sector, which led the decliners. The health index pared its post-election lift but was still 1.8 percent higher than Nov. 8, even after Friday's drop of 1.2 percent. Only five of the indexes stocks ended higher. Consumer staples fell 0.4 percent, weighed down by a 1.3 percent fall in Procter & Gamble. The S&P Energy sector was the second best performer with a 0.5 percent increase as producers added to rig count, suggesting that they might be expecting a demand boost, Polarci said. Traders are pricing in an 83 percent chance for the Federal Reserve to raise interest rates in December, according to Thomson Reuters data. The S&P financial sector .SPSY ended up 0.08 percent, and has risen 10.8 percent since the US election, boosted by prospect of higher interest rates and lighter regulation. St. Louis Fed President James Bullard said Friday he was leaning toward supporting a December increase and that the real question would be the Fed's rate path in 2017. Kansas City Federal Reserve Bank President Esther George said that while she supports raising rates, the US central bank must do so only gradually. The comments added to Fed Chair Janet Yellen's Thursday statement that the rate hike could come "relatively soon." Gap fell 16.6 percent and Abercrombie & Fitch fell 13.8 percent. Both retailers warned of a challenging holiday quarter. Declining issues outnumbered advancing ones on the NYSE by a 1.10-to-1 ratio; on Nasdaq, a 1.18-to-1 ratio favored advancers. The S&P 500 posted 32 new 52-week highs and 4 new lows; the Nasdaq Composite recorded 253 new highs and 30 new lows. About 6.69 billion shares changed hands US exchanges, well below the 8.02 billion average for the last 20 sessions. Tags  Wall Street Dow Jones S&P500 Nasdaq US Market Buy, Hold, Sell ? Hear it first on M3 Wall Street slips, led by healthcare decline See all Sign in or Login with Username Password Keep me signed in   Forgot password? Don't have an account yet? - Register now news Most Popular Top News Watch: Funancial Quest's Kolkata Finals Check out: How demonetisation impacts various sectors Get Rich: Investment lessons for young & new investors Indian ADR ends lower; Infosys, HDFC Bank, Tata Motors fall India Cements Q2 net jumps 62% at Rs 62.41 crore Farmer bodies' pre-Budget consultation with FinMin kicks off Demonetisation a bold and gutsy move: USIBC ATMs with no cash continue to trouble customers Farmer bodies want govt to allow old notes for agri input buy See all Video of the day IT at attractive valuations, plan to top up holdings: Ashburton Explore Moneycontrol STOCKS A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z Others MUTUAL FUNDS A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z Live Sensex Public Sector Banks Market Statistics Plan Insurance Global Market Business News Mutual Fund Best Portfolio Manager Bse Sensex Nse Nifty Commodities Price Silver Price/Rate in India Gold Price/Rate in India Crude Oil USD to INR Bank Fixed Deposits Company Fixed Deposits Small Savings Schemes Bonds Budget: 2011, 2012, 2013, 2014, 2015 | Budget 2016 RBI Credit Policy News Archive Financial Glossary Forum Moneybhai Think India History India Latest News IBNLive News News in Hindi Cricket News Paper Peek Exam Special CBSE Sample Papers India News Restaurants in Delhi Online Shopping in India Cairn India Euro Infosys Inflation Silver Glenmark Pharmaceuticals Snapdeal Starbucks Narendra Modi Crore Rss Feeds Site Map  |  About Us  |  Contact Us  |  Feedback  |  Advertise  |  Bookmark  |  Disclaimer  |  Privacy Statement  |  Terms of Use  |  Careers Copyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd. All rights reserved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited. Login Sign Up Get started using your favorite social network or Login using moneycontrol ID Username Password Need help logging in? Reset password. Don´t have an account? Sign Up Get started using your favorite social network or Simply sign up using this short form * mandatory UserName* Username should be atleast 4 character Password* Password should be 8 or more characters, atleast 1 number, 1 symbol & 1 upper case letter Alert Your Password should contain 8 or more characters At least 1 number At least 1 symbol At least 1 upper case letter Confirm Password* Email Already have an account? Login
RecomN - Local Services| About Us| E-Paper| Search| MOBILE KLIK UNTUK PROJEKMMO 点击M中文网 Facebook Twitter RSS Last updated Monday, November 21, 2016 12:17 am GMT+8 Kuala Lumpur 28°C, Mostly Cloudy MMOTV News Malaysia World Money Life Showbiz Opinion Sports Eat/Drink Travel Read Tech/Gadgets Drive Gallery Money Wall Street slips, led by healthcare decline Saturday November 19, 2016 08:41 AM GMT+8 ICYMI Jorgensen upsets Olympic champ Chen Long to win China Open Merkel tells party she plans to seek re-election as chancellor Drinking raw milk increases risk of infection, says Health D-G Craig Reedie re-elected as World Anti-Doping Agency president Advertisement More stories                Tools Increase Text Decrease Text Reset Text Print Article A Wall Street sign is pictured outside the New York Stock Exchange in New York, October 28, 2013. — Reuters picNEW YORK, Nov 19 — US stocks ended lower today, with healthcare stocks leading the declines, as investors cashed in on a post-election rally and waited for clarity on the next administration’s policies. Wall Street equities took a breather after rising dramatically since Donald Trump’s surprise victory in the presidential election last week. While the three major indexes closed higher for the second week in a row, the rally lost some steam this week as investors awaited more information to support their bets that Trump could succeed in passing proposals to lift infrastructure spending and reduce taxes. “I see the market kind of churning here because it’s had a very decent move,” said Ken Polcari, director of the NYSE floor division at O’Neil Securities in New York. “Trump’s policies continue to be just rhetoric because none of it has been enacted.” The Dow Jones industrial average fell 35.89 points, or 0.19 per cent, to 18,867.93 while the S&P 500 dropped 5.22 points, or 0.24 per cent, to 2,181.9. The Nasdaq Composite slipped 12.46 points, or 0.23 per cent, to 5,321.51 after hitting a record of 5346.8. The Nasdaq’s biggest drags came from technology companies such as Alphabet Inc and drug firms including Amgen . Six of the 11 major S&P 500 sectors closed lower. Losses in shares of Allergan Plc and Merck were the biggest drags on the S&P health sector, which led the decliners. The health index pared its post-election lift but was still 1.8 percent higher than Nov. 8, even after Friday’s drop of 1.2 per cent. Only five of the indexes stocks ended higher. Consumer staples fell 0.4 per cent, weighed down by a 1.3 per cent fall in Procter & Gamble. The S&P Energy sector was the second best performer with a 0.5 per cent increase as producers added to rig count, suggesting that they might be expecting a demand boost, Polarci said. Traders are pricing in an 83 per cent chance for the Federal Reserve to raise interest rates in December, according to Thomson Reuters data. The S&P financial sector ended up 0.08 per cent, and has risen 10.8 per cent since the US election, boosted by prospect of higher interest rates and lighter regulation. St. Louis Fed President James Bullard said today he was leaning toward supporting a December increase and that the real question would be the Fed’s rate path in 2017. Kansas City Federal Reserve Bank President Esther George said that while she supports raising rates, the US central bank must do so only gradually. The comments added to Fed Chair Janet Yellen’s Thursday statement that the rate hike could come “relatively soon.” Gap fell 16.6 per cent and Abercrombie & Fitch fell 13.8 per cent. Both retailers warned of a challenging holiday quarter. Declining issues outnumbered advancing ones on the NYSE by a 1.10-to-1 ratio; on Nasdaq, a 1.18-to-1 ratio favored advancers. The S&P 500 posted 32 new 52-week highs and 4 new lows; the Nasdaq Composite recorded 253 new highs and 30 new lows. About 6.69 billion shares changed hands U.S. exchanges, well below the 8.02 billion average for the last 20 sessions. — Reuters                 MORE ON MMOTV Most Viewed Now Week Five ways Indians are dodging ‘black money’ crackdown Asia to narrow trade focus as protectionism rises, say analysts Malaysia’s central bank says will no longer tolerate ringgit trade in NDF market Palm oil celebrates centennial, output doubles every 10 years TPP, RCEP, FTAAP: A user’s guide to alphabet soup of trade deals Foreign banks shaken by Malaysia's move to halt currency slide Bank Negara instructs foreign banks to refrain from offshore ringgit trading, sources claim Malaysia’s central bank says will no longer tolerate ringgit trade in NDF market Malaysia Airlines mulling purchase of 25 widebody jets next year Ex-Valeant executive, ex-pharmacy CEO charged for fraud scheme Most Watched Now Week Reuters Video: ‘Tensions’ likely under President-elect Trump, Obama says Reuters Video: Trump says ‘you will hear some things tomorrow’ MMOTV: Mahathir, Siti Hasmah head to KLCC by car MMOTV: Mahathir, Siti Hasmah head to KLCC by car MMOTV: Red Shirts heckle yellow-shirted Bersih participants Ah Beng reviews iguana’s epic escape from snakes (WARNING: EXPLICIT LANGUAGE) Related Articles Trump set to announce new cabinet picks (VIDEO) Ibrahim Ali: If Trump can be president, I can be PM Turning other cheek, Mexican president vows Trump talks Turns out, everything is negotiable ― Paula Dwyer Dancing in a hurricane ― Thomas L. Friedman Advertisement MMO Instagram Tweets by @themmailonline Tweets by @themmailonline MMOTV News Malaysia World Money Life Showbiz Opinion Sports Eat/Drink Travel Read Tech/Gadgets Drive Gallery Copyright © 2016 Malay Mail Online About Us | Contact Us | Policies | Search | Archive | E-Paper | Mobile | ProjekMMO | RecomN - Local Services
X Edition: India Business Business Home Economy Reuters Summits Deals Business Video Company Results & Outlooks Autos Markets Markets Home Indices Stock Quotes India Markets US Markets Currencies Commodities Funds India Top News India Insight Monsoon Top News Video World World Home South Asia Middle East Special Reports Reuters Investigates World Video Tech Technology Home Science Tech Video Innovation Commentary Commentary Home Expert Zone Breakingviews Breakingviews Home Breakingview Videos Money Money Home Stock Screener Fund Screener Sport & Life Sports Lifestyle Bollywood Entertainment Oddly Enough Health Arts Lifestyle Video Pictures Pictures Home The Wider Image Photographers Focus 360 Video US STOCKS-Wall Street slips, led by healthcare decline Africa América Latina عربي Argentina Brasil Canada 中国 Deutschland España France India Italia 日本 México РОССИЯ United Kingdom United States Company News | Sat Nov 19, 2016 | 1:19am IST US STOCKS-Wall Street slips, led by healthcare decline * Gap, Abercrombie fall after disappointing forecasts * All three major indexes on track to post weekly gains * S&P health index leads decliners * Indexes down: Dow 0.18 pct, S&P 0.22 pct, Nasdaq 0.2 pct (Updates with late afternoon prices, changes byline, adds New York dateline) By Sinead Carew NEW YORK, Nov 18 U.S. stocks were lower on Friday afternoon, with health stocks leading the declines, as investors cashed in on a post-election rally and waited for clarity on the next administration's policies. The Nasdaq was down in the afternoon, after hitting an intraday record high earlier, with the biggest drags from companies such as Alphabet Inc and Amgen. U.S. stocks have generally been rising since Donald Trump's surprise victory in the presidential election last week as his proposals to increase infrastructure spending and reduce taxes are expected to boost the economy. While the three major indexes were on track to close higher for the second week in a row, the rally lost some steam this week. "People are still trying to wrap their arms around what the U.S. elections mean for policy going forward," said Jason Pride, director of investment strategy at Glenmede in Philadelphia. The Dow Jones industrial average was down 33.73 points, or 0.18 percent, at 18,870.09, the S&P 500 lost 4.91 points, or 0.22 percent, to 2,182.21. The Nasdaq Composite dropped 10.58 points, or 0.2 percent, to 5,323.40 after hitting a record of 5346.8. Seven of the 11 major S&P 500 sectors were lower. Losses in shares of Merck and Allergan Plc helped drag down the S&P health sector, which led the decliners with a 1.2 percent fall. Consumer staples fell 0.4 percent, weighed down by a 1 percent fall in Procter & Gamble. The S&P Energy sector was the best performer with a 0.7 percent increase as oil futures rose. The S&P financial sector was up 0.2 percent, and has risen almost 11 percent since the U.S. election, boosted by prospect of higher interest rates and lighter regulation. Traders are pricing in an 83-percent chance for the Federal Reserve to raise interest rates in December, according to Thomson Reuters data. St. Louis Fed President James Bullard said Friday he was leaning toward supporting a December increase and that the real question would be the Fed's rate path in 2017. Kansas City Federal Reserve Bank President Esther George said that while she supports raising rates, the U.S. central bank must do so only gradually. Federal Reserve Chair Janet Yellen had said Thursday the central bank could raise rates "relatively soon," sending out a clear signal for a December move. Gap and Abercrombie & Fitch each fell more than 14 percent after both retailers warned of a challenging holiday quarter. Declining issues outnumbered advancing ones on the NYSE by a 1.12-to-1 ratio; on Nasdaq, a 1.03-to-1 ratio favored advancers. The S&P 500 posted 32 new 52-week highs and 4 new lows; the Nasdaq Composite recorded 216 new highs and 25 new lows. (Reporting by Tanya Agrawal and Anya George Tharakan; Editing by Nick Zieminski) Next In Company News US STOCKS-Wall Street slips, led by healthcare decline * S&P health index leads decliners, energy rises (New throughout, updates prices, market activity and comments to close) US STOCKS SNAPSHOT-Wall Street ends down, led by healthcare NEW YORK, Nov 18 U.S. stocks ended lower on Friday, with healthcare stocks leading the declines as investors cashed in on a post-election rally and waited for clarity on the next U.S. administration's policies. European shares close lower as dollar strength hits miners MILAN, Nov 18 European equities ended lower on Friday, with mining and energy stocks bearing the brunt of the sell off after commodities prices slipped following a rally in the dollar. MORE FROM REUTERS Sponsored Content From Around the Web Promoted by Taboola Trending Stories Top News At least 107 dead as train derails near Kanpur Sponsored Topics X Follow Reuters: Follow Us On Twitter Follow Us On Facebook RSS Follow Us On LinkedIn Subscribe: Newsletters | Apps Reuters News Agency | Brand Attribution Guidelines Reuters is the news and media division of Thomson Reuters. Thomson Reuters is the world's largest international multimedia news agency, providing investing news, world news, business news, technology news, headline news, small business news, news alerts, personal finance, stock market, and mutual funds information available on Reuters.com, video, mobile, and interactive television platforms. Learn more about Thomson Reuters products: Eikon Information, analytics and exclusive news on financial markets - delivered in an intuitive desktop and mobile interface Elektron Everything you need to empower your workflow and enhance your enterprise data management World-Check Screen for heightened risk individual and entities globally to help uncover hidden risks in business relationships and human networks Westlaw Build the strongest argument relying on authoritative content, attorney-editor expertise, and industry defining technology ONESOURCE The most comprehensive solution to manage all your complex and ever-expanding tax and compliance needs CHECKPOINT The industry leader for online information for tax, accounting and finance professionals All quotes delayed a minimum of 15 minutes. See here for a complete list of exchanges and delays. Site Feedback Corrections Advertise With Us Advertising Guidelines AdChoices Terms of Use Privacy Policy
Channel NewsAsia Return to Mobile Site Wall Street post-election rally fades as US stocks dip News TV Premier Watch Live 0 My Playlist Sign In Menu News Asia Pacific Singapore World Business Sport Entertainment Technology Health Lifestyle Videos Weather MORE Photos Special Reports Archives Services PSI Live Shows News Schedule Facebook Twitter Linkedin YouTube Mobile SMS eNews RSS Return to Mobile Site Business International Business Wall Street post-election rally fades as US stocks dip The major US stock indices finished slightly lower on Friday as a post-election rally appeared to lose steam. Posted 19 Nov 2016 05:34 Updated 19 Nov 2016 05:50 Traders work on the floor of the New York Stock Exchange (Spencer Platt/Getty Images/AFP) Enlarge Caption  Email More A A NEW YORK: The major US stock indices finished slightly lower on Friday (Nov 18) as a post-election rally appeared to lose steam. The Dow Jones Industrial Average, Nasdaq and S&P 500 all finished 0.2 per cent lower but they were still up over the prior week. The blue-chip Dow, which hit successive records since President-elect Donald Trump's surprise victory last week, settled at 18,867.93. The broader S&P 500 finished at 2,181.90 and the tech-heavy Nasdaq closed at 5,321.51. Peter Cardillo of First Standard Financial said stocks could be suffering in part due recent events on the exchange and bond markets. "I do not expect a major pull back but the Trump rally might be fading due to the strong dollar and higher yields," he said. The Dow was dragged down in part by declining prices for pharmaceuticals. Merck fell 1.3 per cent, Pfizer gave up 0.8 per cent and Johnson & Johnson lost 0.4 per cent. Insurance giant UnitedHealth Group also lost 0.9 per cent. While tech stocks rose sharply earlier in the week, they retreated on the final trading day of the week. Google parent Alphabet sank 1.3 per cent, Facebook lost 0.7 per cent and the biotech company Amgen was down 1.4 per cent. - AFP/de Email More YOU MAY ALSO LIKE From Our Website From the Web Happening Now new window view more My Facebook Friends Back To Top JUMP TO Select Section Asia Pacific Singapore World Business Sport Entertainment Technology Health Lifestyle Videos Weather Photos Special Reports Archives Services PSI Navigate to: News TV Watch Live GET OUR APPS iPhone/iPad Android Get Our News Facebook Twitter Linkedin YouTube Mobile SMS eNews RSS News Asia Pacific World Sport Technology Lifestyle Photos Archives Singapore Business Entertainment Health Videos Special Reports TV Live News Schedule Shows Services Weather ADVERTISE WITH US Online Mobile TV Contact Sales Channel NewsAsia Channel News Asia About Us Coverage Hotel Partners Events & Seminars Presenters & Correspondents Contact Us Mediacorp Mediacorp News Group © 2016 About Mediacorp Pte Ltd Terms and Conditions Privacy Policy Back To Top
null
Skip to content Satellite Press Releases pr @ satprnews.com Global Hair Loss & Growth Treatments and Products Market 2016 Share,Trend,Segmentation and Forecast to 2021 PUNE, INDIA, November 18, 2016 /EINPresswire.com/ — WiseGuyReports.Com Publish a New Market Research Report On – “Global Hair Loss & Growth Treatments and Products Market 2016 Share,Trend,Segmentation and Forecast to 2021”. Hair Loss & growth Treatments and Products are the products which is a way to treat hair loss and promote hair growth. (Including oil, Shampoos and Conditioners and medicine product like Vitamins and supplements).The date in this report don’t include the date of surgrical hair restoration which worldwide revenue is about 1.87 Billion USD in 2015 Scope of the Report: This report focuses on the Hair Loss & Growth Treatments and Products in Global market, especially in North America, Europe and Asia-Pacific, South America, Middle East and Africa. This report categorizes the market based on manufacturers, regions, type and application. Get Sample Report @ https://www.wiseguyreports.com/sample-request/609092-global-hair-loss-growth-forecast-to-2021 For more information or any query mail at sales@wiseguyreports.com Market Segment by Manufacturers, this report covers Procter & Gamble L’Oreal Unilever Taisho Henkel Merck Shiseido Johnson & Johnson Consumer Inc. Rohto Lifes2Good Gerolymatos International Toppik Nanogen Oxford BioLabs Ltd. Ultrax Labs Avalon Natural Products Bayer Yanagiya Pharma Medico Kerafiber Phyto Keranique DS Healthcare Group EcoHerbs Global Kaminomoto Softto Bawang Zhang Guang 101 Market Segment by Regions, regional analysis covers North America (USA, Canada and Mexico) Europe (Germany, France, UK, Russia and Italy) Asia-Pacific (China, Japan, Korea, India and Southeast Asia) South America, Middle East and Africa Market Segment by Type, covers Shampoos and Conditioners Medicine Product Market Segment by Applications, can be divided into Women Men Complete Report Details @ https://www.wiseguyreports.com/reports/609092-global-hair-loss-growth-forecast-to-2021 Table Of Contents – Major Key Points Global Hair Loss & Growth Treatments and Products Market by Manufacturers, Regions, Type and Application, Forecast to 2021 1 Market Overview 1.1 Hair Loss & Growth Treatments and Products Introduction 1.2 Market Analysis by Type 1.2.1 Shampoos and Conditioners 1.2.2 Medicine Product 1.3 Market Analysis by Applications 1.3.1 Women 1.3.2 Men 1.4 Market Analysis by Regions 1.4.1 North America (USA, Canada and Mexico) 1.4.1.1 USA 1.4.1.2 Canada 1.4.1.3 Mexico 1.4.2 Europe (Germany, France, UK, Russia and Italy) 1.4.2.1 Germany 1.4.2.2 France 1.4.2.3 UK 1.4.2.4 Russia 1.4.2.5 Italy 1.4.3 Asia-Pacific (China, Japan, Korea, India and Southeast Asia) 1.4.3.1 China 1.4.3.2 Japan 1.4.3.3 Korea 1.4.3.4 India 1.4.3.5 Southeast Asia 1.4.4 South America, Middle East and Africa 1.4.4.1 Brazil 1.4.4.2 Egypt 1.4.4.3 Saudi Arabia 1.4.4.4 South Africa 1.4.4.5 Nigeria 1.5 Market Dynamics 1.5.1 Market Opportunities 1.5.2 Market Risk 1.5.3 Market Driving Force 2 Manufacturers Profiles 2.1 Procter & Gamble 2.1.1 Business Overview 2.1.2 Hair Loss & Growth Treatments and Products Type and Applications 2.1.2.1 Type 1 2.1.2.2 Type 2 2.1.3 Procter & Gamble Hair Loss & Growth Treatments and Products Sales, Price, Revenue, Gross Margin and Market Share 2.2 L’Oreal 2.2.1 Business Overview 2.2.2 Hair Loss & Growth Treatments and Products Type and Applications 2.2.2.1 Type 1 2.2.2.2 Type 2 2.2.3 L’Oreal Hair Loss & Growth Treatments and Products Sales, Price, Revenue, Gross Margin and Market Share 2.3 Unilever 2.3.1 Business Overview 2.3.2 Hair Loss & Growth Treatments and Products Type and Applications 2.3.2.1 Type 1 2.3.2.2 Type 2 2.3.3 Unilever Hair Loss & Growth Treatments and Products Sales, Price, Revenue, Gross Margin and Market Share 2.4 Taisho 2.4.1 Business Overview 2.4.2 Hair Loss & Growth Treatments and Products Type and Applications 2.4.2.1 Type 1 2.4.2.2 Type 2 2.4.3 Taisho Hair Loss & Growth Treatments and Products Sales, Price, Revenue, Gross Margin and Market Share 2.5 Henkel 2.5.1 Business Overview 2.5.2 Hair Loss & Growth Treatments and Products Type and Applications 2.5.2.1 Type 1 2.5.2.2 Type 2 2.5.3 Henkel Hair Loss & Growth Treatments and Products Sales, Price, Revenue, Gross Margin and Market Share 2.6 Merck 2.6.1 Business Overview 2.6.2 Hair Loss & Growth Treatments and Products Type and Applications 2.6.2.1 Type 1 2.6.2.2 Type 2 2.6.3 Merck Hair Loss & Growth Treatments and Products Sales, Price, Revenue, Gross Margin and Market Share 2.7 Shiseido 2.7.1 Business Overview 2.7.2 Hair Loss & Growth Treatments and Products Type and Applications 2.7.2.1 Type 1 2.7.2.2 Type 2 2.7.3 Shiseido Hair Loss & Growth Treatments and Products Sales, Price, Revenue, Gross Margin and Market Share 2.8 Johnson & Johnson Consumer Inc. 2.8.1 Business Overview 2.8.2 Hair Loss & Growth Treatments and Products Type and Applications 2.8.2.1 Type 1 2.8.2.2 Type 2 2.8.3 Johnson & Johnson Consumer Inc. Hair Loss & Growth Treatments and Products Sales, Price, Revenue, Gross Margin and Market Share 2.9 Rohto 2.9.1 Business Overview 2.9.2 Hair Loss & Growth Treatments and Products Type and Applications 2.9.2.1 Type 1 2.9.2.2 Type 2 2.9.3 Rohto Hair Loss & Growth Treatments and Products Sales, Price, Revenue, Gross Margin and Market Share 2.10 Lifes2Good 2.10.1 Business Overview 2.10.2 Hair Loss & Growth Treatments and Products Type and Applications 2.10.2.1 Type 1 2.10.2.2 Type 2 2.10.3 Lifes2Good Hair Loss & Growth Treatments and Products Sales, Price, Revenue, Gross Margin and Market Share 2.11 Gerolymatos International 2.11.1 Business Overview 2.11.2 Hair Loss & Growth Treatments and Products Type and Applications 2.11.2.1 Type 1 2.11.2.2 Type 2 2.11.3 Gerolymatos International Hair Loss & Growth Treatments and Products Sales, Price, Revenue, Gross Margin and Market Share 2.12 Toppik 2.12.1 Business Overview 2.12.2 Hair Loss & Growth Treatments and Products Type and Applications 2.12.2.1 Type 1 2.12.2.2 Type 2 2.12.3 Toppik Hair Loss & Growth Treatments and Products Sales, Price, Revenue, Gross Margin and Market Share 2.13 Nanogen 2.13.1 Business Overview 2.13.2 Hair Loss & Growth Treatments and Products Type and Applications 2.13.2.1 Type 1 2.13.2.2 Type 2 2.13.3 Nanogen Hair Loss & Growth Treatments and Products Sales, Price, Revenue, Gross Margin and Market Share 2.14 Oxford BioLabs Ltd. 2.14.1 Business Overview 2.14.2 Hair Loss & Growth Treatments and Products Type and Applications 2.14.2.1 Type 1 2.14.2.2 Type 2 ……..CONTINUED For more information or any query mail at sales@wiseguyreports.com Buy 1-User PDF @ https://www.wiseguyreports.com/checkout?currency=one_user-USD&report_id=609092 Norah Trent wiseguyreports +1 646 845 9349 / +44 208 133 9349 email us here Author: Monika Donimirska Editor View all posts by Monika Donimirska Author Monika DonimirskaPosted on November 18, 2016November 18, 2016Categories Uncategorized Post navigation Previous Previous post: Medical Waste Management Market to Reach $16.2 billion with 5.9% CAGR Forecast to 2022 Next Next post: Global Machine-to-Machine (M2M) Connections Hardware Market by Manufacturers, Regions,Type,Application, Forecast to 2021 Search for: Search Recent Posts Top Five Best Golf Balls Buyers Guide Advances Review List Released Unbiased Inbox Blueprint 2.0 Review Causes Worldwide Discussion, as Exclusive Bonus Introduced by Steve Baker Democracy, Human Rights, and Labor: Transgender Day of Remembrance Melbourne Moving Company pledges $10,000 to help domestic violence victims this December Emma Has A Dilemma, A New Children’s Book that Teaches Grammar to 4-8 Year Old Children, Hits the Online Market. Archives November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 April 2016 March 2016 February 2016 January 2016 December 2015 November 2015 October 2015 September 2015 August 2015 July 2015 June 2015 May 2015 April 2015 March 2015 February 2015 January 2015 December 2014 November 2014 October 2014 September 2014 August 2014 July 2014 June 2014 May 2014 April 2014 March 2014 February 2014 January 2014 November 2013 September 2013 June 2013 March 2013 December 2012 November 2012 October 2012 September 2012 July 2012 March 2012 February 2012 January 2012 December 2011 November 2011 October 2011 September 2011 August 2011 July 2011 April 2010 March 2010 August 2009 January 1970 Categories Satellite Space Flights Uncategorized VSAT Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Partners TS2 Space Space Flights .news Satellite Press Releases Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content Military Technologies pr @ satprnews.com Rising Demand for Home Healthcare Devices Impelling the Growth of Intranasal Drug Delivery Applications Market Across the Globe Albany, NY — (SBWIRE) — 11/18/2016 — Intranasal drug delivery systems administer drugs through nasal route for local or systemic action based on the desired therapeutic modality to the patients. Nasals drugs may be prescribed for acute or chronic treatments and include antibiotics, snuffs, vasoconstrictors, local anesthetics, pain relief drugs, calcium supplements and antihistamines and others. Such drugs are administered in several dosage forms like nasal sprays, ointments and solutions. Drug candidates with poor oral absorption and exposed to first-pass effect in the body are preferred in formulation of nasal drug delivery. Download Exclusive Sample of this Report: http://www.transparencymarketresearch.com/sample/sample.php?flag=B&rep_id=1655 The global intranasal drug delivery market is categorized by its therapeutic applications: -Allergic infections -Analgesic -Osteoporosis -Pain management -Sexual dysfunction -Vaccines Globally, North America is the largest market for intranasal drug delivery application and is followed by Europe and Asia-Pacific. Developing countries of Asia, Middle East and Latin America are expected to witness maximum market growth due to development of economy, improved healthcare infrastructure, escalating penetration of medical insurances and growing incidences of chronic diseases. Patent expiration of blockbuster drugs, high prevalence of cardiovascular diseases, cancer and diabetes, adoption of self administration practices, rising demand for home healthcare devices and increased focus on pediatric and elderly patients are some of the major factors impelling the market growth of intranasal drug delivery systems across the globe. Other factors driving this market include rapid research and development and adoption of new drug delivery technologies and devices, fast onset of action and reformulation of oral drugs and injections into the formulations to be administered by nasal route. However, drug formulation failure and market recalls, and technical barrier may pose a challenge to the growth of this market. Aegis Therapeutics LLC, Alza Corporation, AstraZeneca PLC., MedImmune, Inc., Baxter International, Inc., Becton, Dickinson and Company, GlaxoSmithKline PLC, Johnson & Johnson, Inc., Marina Biotech, Inc., Merck & Co., Novartis AG, Pfizer Inc., Valeant Pharmaceuticals International, Inc. and Rexam PLC are some of the major players contributing to the global intranasal drug delivery applications market. About Transparency Market Research Transparency Market Research (TMR) is a global market intelligence company providing business information reports and services. The company’s exclusive blend of quantitative forecasting and trend analysis provides forward-looking insight for thousands of decision makers. TMR’s experienced team of analysts, researchers, and consultants use proprietary data sources and various tools and techniques to gather and analyze information. Contact Us Transparency Market Research State Tower, 90 State Street, Suite 700 Albany, NY 12207 United States Tel: 518-618-1030 USA – Canada Toll Free: 866-552-3453 Email: sales@transparencymarketresearch.com Website: http://www.transparencymarketresearch.com Author Anna ChmielewskaPosted on November 18, 2016November 18, 2016Categories Uncategorized Post navigation Previous Previous post: Global Luggage Screening System Market: In-Depth Market Segmentation by 2026 Next Next post: Clients Are Applauding the Service Provided by Tents & Events Search for: Search Recent Posts Cultural exchange becomes spotlight on 3rd WIC Canadian Entreprenuer expands business empire Melbourne Moving Company pledges $10,000 to help domestic violence victims this December Emma Has A Dilemma, A New Children’s Book that Teaches Grammar to 4-8 Year Old Children, Hits the Online Market. PHOTO AVAILABLE: Coast Guard rescues boater on Winyah Bay Jetty Archives November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 Categories Space Flight Uncategorized Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Partners TS2 Space Space Flights .news Military Technologies Proudly powered by WordPress

Warning: mysql_connect() [function.mysql-connect]: Too many connections in /home/ewire/public_html/includes/db_conn.php on line 10 Warning: mysql_select_db(): supplied argument is not a valid MySQL-Link resource in /home/ewire/public_html/includes/db_conn.php on line 11 Warning: mysql_query() [function.mysql-query]: Access denied for user 'nobody'@'localhost' (using password: NO) in /home/ewire/public_html/incAll.php on line 9 Warning: mysql_query() [function.mysql-query]: A link to the server could not be established in /home/ewire/public_html/incAll.php on line 9 Warning: mysql_num_rows(): supplied argument is not a valid MySQL result resource in /home/ewire/public_html/incAll.php on line 10 Warning: session_start() [function.session-start]: Cannot send session cookie - headers already sent by (output started at /home/ewire/public_html/includes/db_conn.php:10) in /home/ewire/public_html/incAll.php on line 14 Warning: session_start() [function.session-start]: Cannot send session cache limiter - headers already sent (output started at /home/ewire/public_html/includes/db_conn.php:10) in /home/ewire/public_html/incAll.php on line 14 Warning: mysql_query() [function.mysql-query]: Access denied for user 'nobody'@'localhost' (using password: NO) in /home/ewire/public_html/incAll.php on line 80 Warning: mysql_query() [function.mysql-query]: A link to the server could not be established in /home/ewire/public_html/incAll.php on line 80 Warning: mysql_num_rows(): supplied argument is not a valid MySQL result resource in /home/ewire/public_html/incAll.php on line 81 Warning: mysql_query(): supplied argument is not a valid MySQL-Link resource in /home/ewire/public_html/friendly.php on line 6 Warning: mysql_fetch_assoc(): supplied argument is not a valid MySQL result resource in /home/ewire/public_html/friendly.php on line 7 Warning: mysql_query(): supplied argument is not a valid MySQL-Link resource in /home/ewire/public_html/pr.php on line 10 Warning: mysql_num_rows(): supplied argument is not a valid MySQL result resource in /home/ewire/public_html/pr.php on line 11 Warning: mysql_query(): supplied argument is not a valid MySQL-Link resource in /home/ewire/public_html/pr.php on line 63 Warning: mysql_fetch_array(): supplied argument is not a valid MySQL result resource in /home/ewire/public_html/pr.php on line 64 About Us Contact Us Help user name password Client login:    First time user sign up Forgot your login info? Website Directory     Submit Website Search All categories Warning: mysql_query() [function.mysql-query]: Access denied for user 'nobody'@'localhost' (using password: NO) in /home/ewire/public_html/tracker/tracking.php on line 8 Warning: mysql_query() [function.mysql-query]: A link to the server could not be established in /home/ewire/public_html/tracker/tracking.php on line 8 Access denied for user 'nobody'@'localhost' (using password: NO)
Skip to content Military Technologies pr @ satprnews.com HIV Market Is Progressing Towards A Strong Growth By 2020 Human Immune-deficiency Virus (HIV) is one of the most widespread, catastrophic, incurable diseases among humans throughout the world. According to the 2013 report by World Health Organization (WHO), HIV ranked 6th among the global deaths throughout the world, with approximately 1,776,270 deaths in 2009 itself. HIV presents itself as a complex mix of symptoms, all related to severe immune compromise. The global HIV market, according to the Financial Times 2015, was around USD 20 billion in 2013, which ranks it along with the global insulin market. High quality global journalism requires investment. Globally, the annual deaths from HIV/AIDS have fallen from 2.3 million in 2005 to 1.5 million in 2013, according to the UN AIDS report. HIV antivirals are the largest segment of drugs in the HIV market. Pharmaceutical companies however are focusing on the research and development of novel drugs that prove to be a long term cure for HIV virus and shall forever suppress the virus throughout the life of an individual. For Any Queries Get Solutions With A PDF Sample : bit.ly/2fikZLE Treatments also involve dietary modifications and symptomatic relief of conditions presented during the onset of AIDS. Therapeutic treatment is often costly and requires constant supply of energy compounds (sugar/fat) in order for the patient to maintain a standard daily requirement. The affordability of such treatments is a factor of concern in many developing countries of the world. Furthermore, highest number of HIV-infected people is witnessed in poor countries. There is a majority of the HIV infected population living in sub-Saharan Africa region. Hence, worldwide healthcare companies are ensuring to lower their costs in this region so that they can introduce their products to generic competition. That said, the market for HIV therapeutics potentially remains in billions, with new patent trials being conducted every year. HIV market therefore remains highly attractive in terms of novel drugs and their impact globally. Asian manufacturers are proving to be a tough competition with their unique patent laws that circumvent patent of essential life saving medicines. The prices too are bound to decrease with the entry of such manufacturers, thereby potentially increasing therapeutics market in terms of volume. The North American HIV market is the highest market globally, by value and occupies more than 50% of the global revenue generated from HIV antiviral; this is followed by the European market at around 30% of the global market. The growth in these regions is mainly attributed to high affordability of drugs along with a range of health insurance coverage. In developing markets of Asia and South America, the leading cause of death is their poor healthcare standards. This along with their population size make for a potentially large market, however unavailability of affordable drugs is often the reason why markets haven’t been proliferated as of yet. On the other hand, the recent growth of market in Asia Pacific is a positive sign for potential manufacturers. The rest of the world also follows a similar pattern like Asia. Overall the Asian, African and South American region contribute less than 20% share in the global HIV market. Some of the well known companies manufacturing HIV drugs are: Bristol-Myers Squibb Company, ViiV Healthcare (Pfizer Inc.) and GlaxoSmithKline plc, Gilead Sciences Inc., Boehringer Ingelheim (C.H. Boehringer Sohn AG & Ko. KG), F. Hoffmann-La Roche AG, Abbott Laboratories Inc., Janssen Therapeutics, Merck & Co. Inc., Cipla Limited, and others, to name a few. About Us Transparency Market Research (TMR) is a global market intelligence company providing business information reports and services. The company’s exclusive blend of quantitative forecasting and trend analysis provides forward-looking insight for thousands of decision makers. TMR’s experienced team of analysts, researchers, and consultants use proprietary data sources and various tools and techniques to gather and analyze information. Contact us: Transparency Market Research 90 State Street, Suite 700, Albany NY – 12207 United States Tel: +1-518-618-1030 USA – Canada Toll Free 866-552-3453 Email: sales@transparencymarketresearch.com Website: www.transparencymarketresearch.com/ This release was published on openPR. Author Anna ChmielewskaPosted on November 18, 2016November 18, 2016Categories Uncategorized Post navigation Previous Previous post: Singapore Zoo Has Been Waiting 28 Years Next Next post: Plushmoji Bets On Plush Poop To Keep Your Feet Warm This Winter Search for: Search Recent Posts Top Five Best Golf Balls Buyers Guide Advances Review List Released Unbiased Inbox Blueprint 2.0 Review Causes Worldwide Discussion, as Exclusive Bonus Introduced by Steve Baker Democracy, Human Rights, and Labor: Transgender Day of Remembrance Cultural exchange becomes spotlight on 3rd WIC Canadian Entreprenuer expands business empire Archives November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 Categories Space Flight Uncategorized Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Partners TS2 Space Space Flights .news Military Technologies Proudly powered by WordPress
