null
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 3 April 2017 by Military News Merck to Hold First-Quarter 2017 Sales and Earnings Conference Call on May 2 KENILWORTH, N.J.–(BUSINESS WIRE)–Merck (NYSE: MRK), known as MSD outside the United States and Canada, will hold its first-quarter 2017 sales and earnings conference call with institutional investors and analysts at 8:00 a.m. EDT on Tuesday, May 2. During the call, company executives will provide an overview of Merck’s performance for the quarter and year. Investors, journalists and the general public may access a live audio webcast of the call on Merck’s website at http://investors.merck.com/investors/webcasts-and-presentations/default.aspx. A replay of the webcast, along with the sales and earnings news release and supplemental financial disclosures, will be available at www.merck.com. Institutional investors and analysts can participate in the call by dialing (706) 758-9927 or (877) 381-5782 and using ID code number 91134398. Members of the media are invited to monitor the call by dialing (706) 758-9928 or (800) 399-7917 and using ID code number 91134398. Journalists who wish to ask questions are requested to contact a member of Merck’s Media Relations team at the conclusion of the call. About Merck For over a century, Merck has been a global health care leader working to help the world be well. Merck is known as MSD outside the United States and Canada. Through our prescription medicines, vaccines, biologic therapies, and animal health products, we work with customers and operate in more than 140 countries to deliver innovative health solutions. We also demonstrate our commitment to increasing access to health care through far-reaching policies, programs and partnerships. For more information, visit www.merck.com and connect with us on Twitter, Facebook, YouTube and LinkedIn. Forward-Looking Statement of Merck & Co., Inc., Kenilworth, N.J., USA This news release of Merck & Co., Inc., Kenilworth, N.J., USA (the “company”) includes “forward-looking statements” within the meaning of the safe harbor provisions of the U.S. Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These statements are based upon the current beliefs and expectations of the company’s management and are subject to significant risks and uncertainties. If underlying assumptions prove inaccurate or risks or uncertainties materialize, actual results may differ materially from those set forth in the forward-looking statements. Risks and uncertainties include but are not limited to, general industry conditions and competition; general economic factors, including interest rate and currency exchange rate fluctuations; the impact of pharmaceutical industry regulation and health care legislation in the United States and internationally; global trends toward health care cost containment; technological advances, new products and patents attained by competitors; challenges inherent in new product development, including obtaining regulatory approval; the company’s ability to accurately predict future market conditions; manufacturing difficulties or delays; financial instability of international economies and sovereign risk; dependence on the effectiveness of the company’s patents and other protections for innovative products; and the exposure to litigation, including patent litigation, and/or regulatory actions. The company undertakes no obligation to publicly update any forward-looking statement, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. Additional factors that could cause results to differ materially from those described in the forward-looking statements can be found in the company’s 2016 Annual Report on Form 10-K and the company’s other filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) available at the SEC’s Internet site (www.sec.gov). CategoriesUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Jump Starter Industry, Market Growth Trends by Manufacturers, Regions, Type and Application, Forecast to 2021 Next PostNext CORRECTING and REPLACING Tuition Assurance Receives ‘Innovator of the Year’ Silver Honors by PYMNTS.com Search Recent Posts N.C. Industrial Hemp Commission Scheduled to Hold Public Meeting this Week: Hemp, Inc. Reports Global Automotive Personal Assistant System Market Outlook 2017-2021 Global Automotive Near Field Communication (NFC) System Market to Grow at a CAGR Of 70.52% During The Period 2017-2021 Why wearing your heart on your sleeve is right Impressive line-up for Fonterra Dairy Woman of the Year 2017 Business Contacts Business Directory Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 3 April 2017 by Military News ‘Merck More than a Mother’ from Africa to Asia for the first time – in partnership with Asia Pacific Initiative on Reproduction (ASPIRE) ‚Merck More than a Mother’ engages policy makers and fertility experts to define interventions to improve access to regulated fertility care in Africa and Asia. Merck collaborates with Asian Fertility Societies to build fertility care capacity and improve access to information and health. Merck (www.MerckGroup.com), a leading science and technology company through its ‘Merck More than a Mother’ initiative in partnership with Asia Pacific Initiative on Reproduction (ASPIRE), conducted a panel to address challenges and solutions to improve access to regulated fertility care in Africa and Asia. The high level panel discussion of policy makers and international fertility experts held during the 7th annual Congress of ASPIRE in Malaysia also focused on exploring opportunities to collaborate with Asian Fertility Societies in order to build cost effective and safe fertility care capacity in Africa and developing countries. After the success of the collaboration between ‘Merck More than a Mother’ and Indian and Indonesian fertility experts to provide practical embryology training, Merck will connect Africa with Asia to provide more opportunities for building capacity and interventions to empower infertile women and couples. “Through ‘Merck More than a Mother’ we empower an under-privileged segment of women. Women who couldn’t bear children and for this they are discriminated and mistreated by their husbands, families and communities. In some cultures, childless women still suffer discrimination, stigma and ostracism. This is unacceptable and has to change through our campaign,” emphasized Rasha Kelej, Chief Social Officer, Merck Healthcare. Watch below the stories of women who have suffered as a result of the infertility stigma: “When I created ‘Merck More than a Mother’ I knew important women around the world would rally to the cause but I was surprised at their enthusiasm and the speed at which they did so. First ladies; ministers of health; ministers of gender; parliament members; fertility experts; presidents of fertility societies; CEOs of successful businesses; women and men are strongly supporting this campaign every day,” Rasha Kelej added.  The high level panel discussion included: Her Royal Highness The Crown Princess Azizah of Pahang, Founder and Life President, Tunku Azizah Fertility Foundation, Malaysia; Hon. Sarah Opendi, Minister of State of Health, Uganda; Hon. Zuliatu Cooper, Minister of Health and Sanitation, Sierra Leone; Hon. Betty  Amongi, Minister of Lands, Housing and Urban Development, Uganda; Hon. Julieta Kavetuna, Deputy Minister of Health and Social Services, Namibia; Hon. Joyce Lay, Member of Parliament, Kenya; Dr. Ivan Sini, Chairman, Indonesian Reproductive Sciences Institute; Dr. Kamini Rao, Chairperson of International Institute for Training and Research in Reproductive Health; Prof. Oladapo Ashiru, President of Africa Fertility Society, Nigeria; Dr. Jaideep Malhotra, immediate Past President, ASPIRE India; Prof. Joe Simpson, Immediate Past President, International Federation of Fertility Societies; and Dr. Rasha Kelej, Chief Social Officer, Merck Healthcare.  Her Royal Highness The Crown Princess Azizah of Pahang, Founder and Life President, Tunku Azizah Fertility Foundation, Malaysia, emphasized at the high level panel that she strongly supports ‘Merck More than a Mother’ campaign to support all infertile women, not only in Africa but all over the world. “Infertility is a global issue, all childless women face different kinds of social suffering and mistreatment everywhere in the world,” she said. Minister of State for Health of Uganda, Hon. Sarah Opendi emphasized: “In Uganda, between 15-20% of couples fail to conceive. Fertility clinics in the country to address this problem are few and expensive. Together with ‘Merck More than a Mother’ and as ‘Merck More than a Mother’ Ambassador; we are together with Merck creating awareness that infertility can be prevented and that to improve access, fertility care can be integrated into the existing public reproductive healthcare services which will be cost effective as the infrastructure is already there. In addition we are building a hospital for Women Health where an IVF center will be established to provide couples with affordable and effective treatment with the support of the Merck Embryologist Training Program”. Sierra Leone’s Minister State of Health and Sanitation Hon. Zuliatu Cooper explained: “In Sierra Leone, infertile couples are suffering every day because we do not have facilities to diagnose or treat them. Through ‘Merck More than a Mother’ that is championed by H. E. First Lady of Sierra Leone, Merck in partnership with Ministry of Health will support fertility care training, where we are making history in the country as we are going to establish our platform of fertility experts so that childless couples can be treated in their home country for the first time.” “This a historic achievement for Africa, as ‘Merck More than a Mother’ will do the same in Liberia where currently there are no fertility care facilities and infertile couples have to get treatment abroad too,” Zuliatu Cooper added. Dr. Ivans Sini, Chairman, Indonesian Reproductive Science Institute (IRSI) stated: “We are very happy to partner with Merck to provide this practical high technology training for the first time to establish African embryologists platform to be able together to improve access to safe and cost effective fertility care in Africa, it is a great initiative and we are very proud to be part of it.” About ‘Merck More than a Mother’ ‘Merck More than a Mother’ is championed by the First Ladies of Central African Republic and Sierra Leone, Madam Brigitte Touadera and Madam Sia Koroma respectively. It was first implemented in Kenya in 2015 followed by Uganda, Nigeria, Tanzania, Ghana, Cote d’Ivoire and Central African Republic in 2016 and in Liberia and Sierra Leone in 2017. Watch below the videos of the first ladies of Central African Republic and Sierra Leone on why they support ‘Merck More than a Mother’: Through ‘Empowering Berna’, ‘Merck More than a Mother’ supports infertile women who can no longer be treated by empowering them socially and economically to lead independent and happier lives. Over 1,000 infertile women in Kenya, Uganda, Nigeria, Ghana, Tanzania, Central African Republic, Ethiopia, Liberia and Cote D’Ivoire who can no longer be treated have been empowered through the ‘Empowering Berna’ project. Watch below video on the stories of infertile women from Liberia, Uganda, Ghana, Nigeria and Cote d’Ivoire before and after they enrolled in ‘Merck More than a Mother’s’ Empowering Berna project: ‘Merck More than a Mother’ also provides training programmes for embryologists in Africa to improve access to cost effective fertility care. In addition, it supports governments to define policies to regulate ART, address the need for interventions to break the stigma around infertile women and raise awareness about infertility prevention and male infertility and the necessity for a team approach to family building among couples. The training of African embryologists has already started in Indonesia and India and is benefitting eight participants from Uganda, Kenya, Tanzania, Nigeria and Ghana. ‘Merck More than a Mother’ will also support fertility training for healthcare providers in Sierra Leone and Liberia to establish a fertility experts’ platform that will enable childless couples to be treated in their home countries for the first time. Watch the videos below of the ‘Merck Africa Embryology Training Program’ in India and Indonesia as trainees from Uganda, Kenya, Tanzania, Ghana and Nigeria share their experience. Distributed by APO on behalf of Merck. Media contact: Grace Mukasa +254 711 794 081 “Merck More than a Mother” Strategy and Objectives: 1.    Create a culture shift to de-stigmatize infertility and to build respect and understanding around infertile women in Africa. 2.    Raise awareness about infertility prevention management and male infertility by integrating the topics into existing healthcare infrastructure, such as HIV, maternal health, and mother and child programs. 3.    Education and training for African embryologists to build the needed capacity. 4.    Supporting policy makers to define artificial reproductive therapy (ART) policies to improve access to regulated fertility care. 5.    Building advocacy and open dialogue and working closely with governments, policy makers, parliaments, healthcare providers, fertility experts and the media to define interventions that will reduce social suffering and improve access to regulated, effective and safe fertility care in Africa. 6.    Empowering infertile women socially and economically through access to education and healthcare, and by changing mind-sets. For example, empowering women who cannot be treated by helping them to start a small business through the “Empowering Berna” project.  Twitter handle: MerckandMothers Facebook page: MerckMoreThanAMother YouTube: Merck More than a Mother All Merck Press Releases are distributed by e-mail at the same time they become available on the Merck Website. Please go to www.MerckGroup.com/subscribe to register online, change your selection or discontinue this service.  About Merck: Merck (www.MerckGroup.com) is a leading science and technology company in healthcare, life science and performance materials. Around 50,000 employees work to further develop technologies that improve and enhance life – from biopharmaceutical therapies to treat cancer or multiple sclerosis, cutting-edge systems for scientific research and production, to liquid crystals for smartphones and LCD televisions. In 2015, Merck generated sales of € 12.85 billion in 66 countries. Founded in 1668, Merck is the world’s oldest pharmaceutical and chemical company. The founding family remains the majority owner of the publicly listed corporate group. Merck, Darmstadt, Germany holds the global rights to the Merck name and brand. The only exceptions are the United States and Canada, where the company operates as EMD Serono, MilliporeSigma and EMD Performance Materials. CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Robert Ingato Joins Wolters Kluwer as Executive Vice President and General Counsel Next PostNext Smart Sensors Global Market 2017 Share, Trend, Segmentation and Forecast to 2022 Search Recent Posts Healthcare CRM Market | Global Industry Analysis and Opportunity Assessment 2015-2022 Global Sports and Fitness Wear Sales Market 2017 – Adidas, Nike, Puma, Under Armour, VF Clinical Chemistry Analyzers Market To Be Driven By Increasing Prevalence Of Chronic Diseases Such As Diabetes Till 2025: Grand View Research, Inc. Digital Glass Military Aircraft Cockpit Systems Market Potential and Niche Segments, Geographical regions and Trends 2026 Vascular Access Systems Market Segmentation, Industry trends and Development to 2026 Business Contacts Business Directory Proudly powered by WordPress
Fox News Fox Business Fox News Go Fox News Radio Fox Nation Fox News Insider Fox News Health Expand/Collapse Search Home Video Politics U.S. Opinion Business Entertainment Tech Science Health Travel Lifestyle World On Air Health Home Men's Health Women's Health Children's Health Alternative Medicine Diabetes Heart Health Nutrition & Fitness Health Care The cost of cancer: New drugs show success at a steep price Published April 03, 2017 Reuters Facebook0 Twitter0 livefyre Email Print Newer cancer drugs that enlist the body's immune system are improving the odds of survival.  (iStock) Newer cancer drugs that enlist the body's immune system are improving the odds of survival, but competition between them is not reining in prices that can now top $250,000 a year. The drugs' success for patients is the result of big bets in cancer therapy made by Bristol-Myers Squibb Co , Merck & Co Inc and Roche Holding AG , among others in big pharma. The industry's pipeline of cancer drugs expanded by 63 percent between 2005 and 2015, according to the QuintilesIMS Institute, and a good number are reaching the market. The global market for cancer immunotherapies alone is expected to grow more than fourfold globally to $75.8 billion by 2022 from $16.9 billion in 2015, according to research firm GlobalData. For a graphic, click http://tmsnrt.rs/2omboI1 "For cancer drugs in general ... it is hard for us to drive down cost," said Steve Miller, chief medical officer at Express Scripts Holding Co , the nation's largest manager of drug benefit plans for employers and insurers. "You don't want to be in the position of being told to use the second best cancer drug for your child." HEALTH CARE WORKERS MAY BE AT INCREASED RISK OF THYROID CANCER, STUDY CLAIMS Lawmakers on both sides of the aisle, as well as President Donald Trump, have been grappling with how to restrain rising prescription drug costs. They have talked about solutions ranging from more price negotiation to faster approval of new drugs, often invoking increased competition between drugmakers. "Competition is key to lowering drug prices," Trump told pharmaceutical executives at an Oval Office meeting in January. But that is not happening with new drugs called checkpoint inhibitors that work by releasing a molecular brake, allowing the immune system to recognize and attack cancer cells the same way it fights infections caused by bacteria or viruses. For cancers like melanoma, the treatments can mean long-term survival for around 20 percent of patients. Bristol's Yervoy, first approved in 2011, targets a protein known as CTLA-4. Other immunotherapies, including Bristol's Opdivo, Keytruda from Merck, Roche's Tecentriq, and Pfizer Inc's Bavencio, involve a different protein called PD-1. Other targets are being explored. Some new data will be presented this week in Washington at the American Association for Cancer Research's annual meeting. Current checkpoint inhibitors each have a list price near $150,000 a year. A combination of Yervoy and Opdivo, approved by the Food and Drug Administration for advanced or inoperable melanoma, has a cost of $256,000 a year for patients who respond to the treatment. Similar immunotherapies are in development at companies like AstraZeneca Plc . Merck, which declined to comment on pricing plans, expects an FDA decision by May 10 on its combination of Keytruda and chemotherapy as an initial treatment for the most common form of lung cancer - by far the biggest market for cancer drugs. Pfizer said Bavencio, cleared by the FDA earlier this month to treat Merkel cell carcinoma, a rare type of skin cancer, has a price "comparable to other checkpoint inhibitors approved for different indications." The pharmaceutical industry holds that discussion of prescription drug prices has to take into account the major investment required for innovation and discovery of new lifesaving drugs. "UNRESTRAINED PRICING POWER" Scientific progress, and pricing power, are driving pharmaceutical companies to emphasize oncology research. "Most of the strategy on the part of pharmaceutical companies assumes unrestrained pricing power," said Dr. Peter Bach, director of Memorial Sloan Kettering's Center for Health Policy Outcomes in New York. "We don't see evidence that companies are pursuing cost-effective strategies." HPV VACCINATION DURING PREGNANCY SHOW NO ILL EFFECTS Health insurers have had success in demanding price concessions in some drug categories - like diabetes, where several companies sell similar products and insurers are able to negotiate price discounts or rebates in exchange for coverage. According to IMS, that tactic capped the overall rise in spending on diabetes medicines at 8 percent in 2015, compared with an increase of 30 percent in billed invoices. All of the invoice price growth for insulin was offset by price cuts, the institute said. But discounting is much less common for newer, innovative cancer drugs, mostly given by injection and approved for defined patient populations. Net price growth for branded oncology drugs averaged 4.8 percent in 2015, versus 6.4 percent for invoices, according to IMS. Express Scripts' Miller and others said makers of new cancer medications enjoy pricing power due to coverage requirements, insurance plan structure and a lack of head-to-head comparison studies. "Cancer drugs don't compete on price," said Dr. Aaron Kesselheim, a researcher at Harvard Medical School and author of several studies of drug pricing. "Drug companies have market exclusivity and we require payers to cover cancer drugs - Medicare has six protected classes, including cancer." Medicare, the federal government's healthcare plan for seniors and the disabled, covers most prescription drugs under its "Part D" pharmacy benefits. The plans are required to cover all drugs in six classes: cancer, HIV, antidepressants, antispychotics, seizure disorders like epilepsy, and immune system suppressants for people undergoing organ transplantation. Trump met recently with Representatives Elijah Cummings and Peter Welch, both Democrats, to discuss draft legislation allowing the government to negotiate Medicare drug prices - but the bill preserves the six protected classes. In addition, drugs given by injection, including many cancer therapies, are covered under Medicare's main medical benefit. Bristol disappointed investors when it did not pursue accelerated FDA review of the Opdivo/Yervoy combination for newly-diagnosed lung cancer - putting Merck ahead in the lucrative lung cancer market. "All of the immunotherapies have similar price points," said Miller at Express Scripts. "When you stack therapies, it means more expense for patients and (health) plan sponsors." Advertisement Trending in Health 1 Mom of 3 dies after finishing Pennsylvania half-marathon 2 Toddler who was saved by doctor's 'Hail Mary' defies odds to celebrate 2nd birthday 3 Untreated strep infection leaves Michigan mom of 7 battling for life 4 Mom shares heartbreaking photo of 10-year-old son fighting cancer 5 Dentist warns against charcoal teeth whitening trend See all Trends Top Health Centers View All Back Pain Cancer Depression Heart Disease Pain Management Sexual Health Beauty & Skin Cold and Flu Digestive Health Nutrition Pregnancy Site Index Sections Home Video Politics U.S. Opinion Entertainment Tech Science Health Travel Lifestyle World Sports Weather On Air Tools Live Video Trending Newsletters Alerts Podcasts Radio Apps & Products About Careers College Students Fox Around the World Advertise With Us New Terms of Use (What's New) New Privacy Policy Ad Choices Help Email Newsroom Media Relations Closed Captioning Policy Follow Facebook Twitter Google+ Instagram RSS Newsletters Fox News Back to Top This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. ©2017 FOX News Network, LLC. All rights reserved. All market data delayed 20 minutes.
395851 3468 sfoglia le notizie Newsletter Chi siamo METEO Milano Roma Torino Napoli ◄ ► SEGUI IL TUO OROSCOPO Ariete Toro Gemelli Cancro Leone Vergine Bilancia Scorpione Sagittario Capricorno Acquario Pesci ◄ ► Menù Immediapress Home Fatti Cronaca Politica Esteri Regioni e Province Video News Tg AdnKronos Soldi Finanza Economia Euro Fondi News Italia Economia Lavoro Norme Dati Sindacato Professionisti Previdenza Start up Made in Italy Cerco lavoro Multimediale Salute Sanità Medicina Farmaceutica Doctor's Life Salus tg Salus tv Sport Risultati Live calcio Gol Serie A Gol Coppa Italia Cultura Musei On Line Musa TV Intrattenimento Spettacolo Rotocalco Automotive Weekend Magazine Speciali Benessere Cybernews Moda Meteo Turismo Sostenibilità Risorse World in Progress Tendenze Csr In Pubblico In Privato Best Practices Appuntamenti Normativa Dalla A alla Z Focus Professioni Prometeo TV Immediapress Agricoltura e Allevamento Alimentazione Ambiente Architettura e Edilizia Arredamento e Design Auto e Motori Chimica e Farmacia Cultura e Tempo Libero Economia e Finanza Energia Formazione e Lavoro Ict Meccanica Media e Pubblicita Moda Politica e PA Salute e Benessere Sport Terzo Settore Trasporti e Logistica Turismo PR Newswire Multimedia Video News Tg AdnKronos Fotogallery Salus TG Salus TV Rotocalco AdnKronos – Governo Informa Musa TV Italia Economia Prometeo TV Gastronomia Automotive Weekend Audio News GrAudio AKI Politica Economia Sicurezza Cultura e Media Religione Agricoltura e Allevamento Alimentazione Ambiente Architettura e Edilizia Arredamento e Design Auto e Motori Chimica e Farmacia Cultura e Tempo Libero Economia e Finanza Energia Formazione e Lavoro Ict Meccanica Media e Pubblicita Moda Politica e PA Salute e Benessere Sport Terzo Settore Trasporti e Logistica Turismo PR Newswire Home . Immediapress . Chimica e Farmacia . Merck Introduces Next-Generation High-Sensitivity Protein Detection Platform Merck Introduces Next-Generation High-Sensitivity Protein Detection Platform CHIMICA E FARMACIA Tweet Condividi su WhatsApp Pubblicato il: 03/04/2017 14:01 - New SMCxPRO™ technology offers high speed, high sensitivity for single molecule detection - Meets customer demand for biomarker and novel target discovery and detection DARMSTADT, Germany, April 3, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- Merck, a leading science and technology company, today announced the launch of its newest high-sensitivity detection platform, SMCxPRO™ technology, at the American Association for Cancer Research Annual Meeting in Washington, D.C.  Photo - https://mma.prnewswire.com/media/485409/Merck_SMCxPRO.jpg The SMCxPRO™ platform allows researchers to detect and quantify low-abundance biomarkers that traditional methods cannot measure. The instrument features a high-sensitivity detection system, with speed and accuracy, in a compact design. It will be available in Q3 of 2017. "Merck's newest innovation, SMCxPRO™ technology, is part of a suite of tools for detecting and characterizing, accelerating drug discovery and improving overall lab productivity," said Jason Apter, Head of Research Solutions Strategic Marketing & Innovation at the life science business sector of Merck. "Detection of low-abundance biomarkers allows for quantitation of a new class of novel targets. We are committed to empowering researchers by providing the technologies needed to accelerate advancements in healthcare." Along with the new SMCxPRO™ technology, Merck offers a wide range of solutions for biomarker discovery and novel target identification including its recently released Sanger CRISPR libraries that expand the company's suite of gene editing tools. AACR attendees are encouraged to visit booth #931 to learn more about Merck's life science products and to speak with company experts. Follow us on twitter @Merck_lifesci. All Merck news releases are distributed by email at the same time they become available on the Merck website. Please go to www.merckgroup.com/subscribe to register online, change your selection or discontinue this service. About MerckMerck is a leading science and technology company in healthcare, life science and performance materials. Around 50,000 employees work to further develop technologies that improve and enhance life – from biopharmaceutical therapies to treat cancer or multiple sclerosis, cutting-edge systems for scientific research and production, to liquid crystals for smartphones and LCD televisions. In 2016, Merck generated sales of € 15.0 billion in 66 countries. Founded in 1668, Merck is the world's oldest pharmaceutical and chemical company. The founding family remains the majority owner of the publicly listed corporate group. Merck holds the global rights to the Merck name and brand. The only exceptions are the United States and Canada, where the company operates as EMD Serono, MilliporeSigma and EMD Performance Materials.   To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/merck-introduces-next-generation-high-sensitivity-protein-detection-platform-300433140.html Tweet Condividi su WhatsApp TAG: Immediapress, comunicati, aziende informano, press release Commenti Per scrivere un commento è necessario registrarsi ed accedere: ACCEDI oppure REGISTRATI Tg AdnKronos, 3 aprile 2017 Cerca Notizie Più Cliccate 1. Pensione anticipata, da oggi si calcola online 2. Rissa in diretta tv, volano schiaffi a Domenica Live 3. Pensione anticipata, cos'è e come fare domanda 4. Terrore a San Pietroburgo, bomba in metro: 11 morti e 42 feriti 5. Conto corrente, le regole per pagare meno spese Video 'Ndrangheta, maxi-operazioni contro le cosche calabresi: arresti Giovane accoltellato a morte a Brescia, l'aggressione in un video Lavori pericolosi e false certificazioni, truffa da 13 milioni per lavori sulla Salerno-RC Come armi e droga: il business degli animali Revolver, Ak 47 e carabine: arsenale sequestrato in una cantina La carica dei bulldog, raduno record a Brescia Balletto e breakdance insieme in un video L'identità di un'auto, il linguaggio stilistico Škoda La poesia del cinema per Giornata mondiale autismo In Evidenza Design, a Milano sfida in bianco tra archistar con White in the City Panasonic al FuoriSalone tra tradizione artigianale e tecnologia BioInItaly Investment Forum Lega Pro, ADM e Sportradar firmano protocollo per contrasto match fixing CIDA: "Alternanza scuola-lavoro. Una risorsa da costruire insieme" Sharing Italy Hi Future! Guarda avanti VIII Conferenza economica CIA - 'Agricoltura crea valore' Tonno Callipo una storia che arriva dal mare ‘Diritti in Salute’ di Altroconsumo LAV, i lasciti testamentari a favore di animali Eni – Future Experience for You(ng) Non più centrali elettriche, nuova vita per 23 impianti Assogenerici apre le porte delle aziende con "Fabbriche aperte” Il cambiamento siamo noi, Poste Italiane guarda al futuro   Seguici 395851 3468 Fatti Soldi Lavoro Salute Sport Cultura Intrattenimento Magazine Sostenibilità Immediapress Multimedia AKI Chi siamo Palazzo dell'Informazione © 2014 GMC S.A.P.A. di G.P. Marra - Piazza Mastai, 9 - 00153 Roma partita IVA 01145141006 - codice fiscale e Registro Imprese di Roma 02981990589 copyright - disclaimer - privacy - gruppo adnkronos - contatti - archivio - cookie
Contact Us Journalists Blog Log In Sign Up Send a Release News Solutions Resources Search News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News dansk Deutsch español Français italiano Nederlands norsk português suomeksi svenska MilliporeSigma Introduces Next-Generation High-Sensitivity Protein Detection Platform News provided by MilliporeSigma Apr 03, 2017, 08:00 ET Share this article - New SMCxPRO™ technology offers high speed, high sensitivity for single molecule detection - Meets customer demand for biomarker and novel target discovery and detection MilliporeSigma's new SMCxPRO(TM) protein detection technology offers high speed, high sensitivity for single molecule detection and meets customer demand for biomarker and novel target discovery BILLERICA, Mass., April 3, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- MilliporeSigma today announced the launch of its newest high-sensitivity detection platform, SMCxPRO™ technology, at the American Association for Cancer Research Annual Meeting in Washington, D.C.  The SMCxPRO™ platform allows researchers to detect and quantify low-abundance biomarkers that traditional methods cannot measure. The instrument features a high-sensitivity detection system, with speed and accuracy, in a compact design. It will be available in Q3 of 2017. "MilliporeSigma's newest innovation, SMCxPRO™ technology, is part of a suite of tools for detecting and characterizing, accelerating drug discovery and improving overall lab productivity," said Jason Apter, Head of Research Solutions Strategic Marketing & Innovation at MilliporeSigma. "Detection of low-abundance biomarkers allows for quantitation of a new class of novel targets. We are committed to empowering researchers by providing the technologies needed to accelerate advancements in healthcare." Along with the new SMCxPRO™ technology, MilliporeSigma offers a wide range of solutions for biomarker discovery and novel target identification including its recently released Sanger CRISPR libraries that expand the company's suite of gene editing tools. AACR attendees are encouraged to visit booth #931 to learn more about MilliporeSigma's products and to speak with company experts. Follow us on twitter @MilliporeSigma. All Merck KGaA, Darmstadt, Germany news releases are distributed by email at the same time they become available on the EMD Group website. In case you are a resident of the U.S. or Canada please go to www.emdgroup.com/subscribe to register again for your online subscription of this service as our newly introduced geo-targeting requires new links in the email. You may later change your selection or discontinue this service. About the Life Science Business of Merck KGaA, Darmstadt, Germany The life science business of Merck KGaA, Darmstadt, Germany, which operates as MilliporeSigma in the U.S. and Canada, has 19,000 employees and 65 manufacturing sites worldwide, with a portfolio of more than 300,000 products enabling scientific discovery. Udit Batra is the global chief executive officer of MilliporeSigma. Merck KGaA, Darmstadt, Germany completed its $17 billion acquisition of Sigma-Aldrich in November 2015, creating a leader in the $125 billion global life science industry. Merck KGaA, Darmstadt, Germany is a leading company for innovative and top-quality high-tech products in healthcare, life science and performance materials. The company has six businesses – Biopharmaceuticals, Consumer Health, Allergopharma, Biosimilars, Life Science and Performance Materials – and generated sales of €12.85 billion in 2015. Around 50,000 employees work in 66 countries to improve the quality of life for patients, to foster the success of customers and to help meet global challenges. Merck KGaA, Darmstadt, Germany is the world's oldest pharmaceutical and chemical company – since 1668, the company has stood for innovation, business success and responsible entrepreneurship. Holding an approximately 70 percent interest, the founding family remains the majority owner of the company to this day. The company holds the global rights to the name and the trademark "Merck" internationally except for the United States and Canada, where the company operates as EMD Serono, MilliporeSigma and EMD Performance Materials. To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/milliporesigma-introduces-next-generation-high-sensitivity-protein-detection-platform-300433123.html SOURCE MilliporeSigma Mar 21, 2017, 08:00 ET Preview: MilliporeSigma Introduces Mobius® MyWay Portfolio for Customized Single-use Assemblies My News Release contains wide tables. View fullscreen. Also from this source Mar 21, 2017, 08:00 ETMilliporeSigma Introduces Mobius® MyWay Portfolio for Customized... Mar 06, 2017, 12:00 ETMilliporeSigma Advances Lab Water Purification Technology with... Explore More news releases in similar topics Health Care & Hospitals Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals New Products & Services Trade Show News You just read: MilliporeSigma Introduces Next-Generation High-Sensitivity Protein Detection Platform News provided by MilliporeSigma Apr 03, 2017, 08:00 ET Share this article Looking to send a news release with PR Newswire? Take advantage of the world's leading distribution platform. Sign up to get started Request more information Have an account? Log In Phone 8AM - 10PM ET +1-888-776-0942 Send a Release Sign Up Blog For Journalists Contact Us Search Searching for your content... Advanced Search Contact PR Newswire 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Contact Us General Inquiries Request a Demo Editorial Bureaus Partnerships Media Inquiries Worldwide Offices Solutions Cision Communications Cloud™ For Marketers For Public Relations For IR & Compliance For Agency For Small Business All Products About About PR Newswire About Cision Become a Publishing Partner Become a Channel Partner Careers   Global Sites Asia Brazil Canada Europe Finland France India Israel Mexico Middle East Netherlands Sweden United Kingdom My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Terms of Use Privacy Policy Information Security Policy Statement Site Map RSS Feeds Copyright © 2017 PR Newswire Association LLC. All Rights Reserved. A Cision company. News Solutions Resources News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News dansk Deutsch español Français italiano Nederlands norsk português suomeksi svenska Phone +1-888-776-0942 8AM - 10PM ET Chat All contact info Send a ReleaseLog In
Volg ons op: APS Nieuwsmanager login | Cision Communication Cloud™ login | English Home Diensten Verstuur direct een persbericht De media bereiken? Nieuwswaardige content creëren? Media-aandacht monitoren en analyseren Workshops & events Inspiratie Gepubliceerde persberichten Hoe schrijf je een effectief persbericht Verhalen van klanten Over ons Over ANP Pers Support Waarom kies jíj voor ANP Pers Support? Reacties van klanten Vacatures Contact Maak een afspraak Persbericht laten beoordelen Persbericht versturen Home/ Persberichten/ Merck Introduces Next-Generation High-Sensitivity Protein Detection Platform Merck Introduces Next-Generation High-Sensitivity Protein Detection Platform maandag 3 april 2017 14:01 Economie Dit is een origineel bericht van PR Newswire - New SMCxPRO(TM) technology offers high speed, high sensitivity for single molecule detection - Meets customer demand for biomarker and novel target discovery and detection DARMSTADT, Germany, April 3, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- Merck [http://www.merckgroup.com/en/index.html], a leading science and technology company, today announced the launch of its newest high-sensitivity detection platform, SMCxPRO(TM) technology, at the American Association for Cancer Research Annual Meeting in Washington, D.C. Photo - https://mma.prnewswire.com/media/485409/Merck_SMCxPRO.jpg [https://mma.prnewswire.com/media/485409/Merck_SMCxPRO.jpg] The SMCxPRO(TM) platform allows researchers to detect and quantify low-abundance biomarkers that traditional methods cannot measure. The instrument features a high-sensitivity detection system, with speed and accuracy, in a compact design. It will be available in Q3 of 2017. "Merck's newest innovation, SMCxPRO(TM) technology, is part of a suite of tools for detecting and characterizing, accelerating drug discovery and improving overall lab productivity," said Jason Apter, Head of Research Solutions Strategic Marketing & Innovation at the life science business sector of Merck [http://www.merckgroup.com/en/products/life_science/life_science.html]. "Detection of low-abundance biomarkers allows for quantitation of a new class of novel targets. We are committed to empowering researchers by providing the technologies needed to accelerate advancements in healthcare." Along with the new SMCxPRO(TM) technology, Merck offers a wide range of solutions for biomarker discovery and novel target identification including its recently released Sanger CRISPR libraries that expand the company's suite of gene editing tools. AACR attendees are encouraged to visit booth #931 to learn more about Merck's life science products and to speak with company experts. Follow us on twitter @Merck_lifesci [https://twitter.com/Merck_lifesci]. All Merck news releases are distributed by email at the same time they become available on the Merck website. Please go to www.merckgroup.com/subscribe [http://www.merckgroup.com/subscribe] to register online, change your selection or discontinue this service. About MerckMerck is a leading science and technology company in healthcare, life science and performance materials. Around 50,000 employees work to further develop technologies that improve and enhance life - from biopharmaceutical therapies to treat cancer or multiple sclerosis, cutting-edge systems for scientific research and production, to liquid crystals for smartphones and LCD televisions. In 2016, Merck generated sales of EUR 15.0 billion in 66 countries. Founded in 1668, Merck is the world's oldest pharmaceutical and chemical company. The founding family remains the majority owner of the publicly listed corporate group. Merck holds the global rights to the Merck name and brand. The only exceptions are the United States and Canada, where the company operates as EMD Serono, MilliporeSigma and EMD Performance Materials. To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/merck-introduces-next-generation-high-sensitivity-protein-detection-platform-300433140.html [http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/merck-introduces-next-generation-high-sensitivity-protein-detection-platform-300433140.html] Merck CONTACT: Karen Tiano +49 6151 72 44461 PR Newswire Dit persbericht is via ANP Pers Support naar internationale (vak en online) media gestuurd. Heb je nieuws voor buitenlandse journalisten? Bekijk dan onze mogelijkheden of neem contact met ons op. Andere persberichten van deze organisatie Het nieuwe DXC Technology leidt digitale transformaties en helpt internationale en overheidsbedrijven te groeien door verandering dinsdag 4 april 2017 08:31 Finse Containerships Ontvangt Bijna 17 Miljoen Euro Subsidie van EU en NEFCO dinsdag 4 april 2017 05:52 Heidrick & Struggles kondigt afwezigheid om medische redenen aan van CEO Tracy Wolstencroft dinsdag 4 april 2017 02:41 Level 3 Gepositioneerd in Challengers Kwadrant van Gartner Magic Quadrant 2017 voor Netwerkdiensten, Global maandag 3 april 2017 20:45 Verstuur nu éénmalig een persbericht Verstuur persberichten en beeldmateriaal naar redacties in binnen- en buitenland. Via het ANP-net, het internationale medianetwerk van PR Newswire of met een perslijst op maat. Direct persbericht versturen Contact Verrijn Stuartlaan 7 2288 EK Rijswijk 070 - 41 41 234 Follow us Ontvang onze nieuwsbrief Blijf op de hoogte en schrijf je in. Home Diensten Inspiratie Over ons Contact Algemene voorwaarden APS Direct Login ANP Pers Support is onderdeel van ANP en PR Newswire 070 - 41 41 234
Events Resources Blog Journalists +44 (0)20 7454 5110+44 (0)20 7454 5110 Log In Sign Up News Products Contact Search News in Focus Browse News Releases All Public Company News View All News Releases All Multimedia News Regulatory News Benelux Regulatory News View All Regulatory News D/A/CH Regulatory News France Regulatory News UK Regulatory News Business & Money Auto & Transportation View All Auto & Transportation Aerospace & Defence Airlines & Aviation Air Freight Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads & Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Haulage & Road Transportation Business Technology View All Business Technology Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertainment & Media View All Entertainment & Media Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film & Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing View All Financial Services & Investing Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers & Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC & SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders’ Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business View All General Business Awards Commercial Real Estate Conference Call Announcements Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls & Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology View All Consumer Technology Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Websites Wireless Communications Energy View All Energy Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil & Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environment View All Environment Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing View All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Aerospace & Defence Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation & Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking & Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecommunications View All Telecommunications Carriers & Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunications Equipment Telecommunications Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail View All Consumer Products & Retail Animals & Pets Beers, Wines & Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics & Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture & Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewellery Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertainment & Media View All Entertainment & Media Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film & Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health View All Health Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports View All Sports General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel View All Travel Amusement Parks & Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels & Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest View All Policy & Public Interest Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Economic News, Trends & Analysis Education Environmental European Government Workplace & Union Not For Profit Public Safety People & Culture People & Culture View All People & Culture Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabled Hispanic LGBT Religion Older People Veterans Women Merck Introduces Next-Generation High-Sensitivity Protein Detection Platform English Deutsch Español Français News provided by Merck 03 Apr, 2017, 13:00 BST Share this article - New SMCxPRO™ technology offers high speed, high sensitivity for single molecule detection - Meets customer demand for biomarker and novel target discovery and detection DARMSTADT, Germany, April 3, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- Merck, a leading science and technology company, today announced the launch of its newest high-sensitivity detection platform, SMCxPRO™ technology, at the American Association for Cancer Research Annual Meeting in Washington, D.C.  Photo - https://mma.prnewswire.com/media/485409/Merck_SMCxPRO.jpg The SMCxPRO™ platform allows researchers to detect and quantify low-abundance biomarkers that traditional methods cannot measure. The instrument features a high-sensitivity detection system, with speed and accuracy, in a compact design. It will be available in Q3 of 2017. "Merck's newest innovation, SMCxPRO™ technology, is part of a suite of tools for detecting and characterizing, accelerating drug discovery and improving overall lab productivity," said Jason Apter, Head of Research Solutions Strategic Marketing & Innovation at the life science business sector of Merck. "Detection of low-abundance biomarkers allows for quantitation of a new class of novel targets. We are committed to empowering researchers by providing the technologies needed to accelerate advancements in healthcare." Along with the new SMCxPRO™ technology, Merck offers a wide range of solutions for biomarker discovery and novel target identification including its recently released Sanger CRISPR libraries that expand the company's suite of gene editing tools. AACR attendees are encouraged to visit booth #931 to learn more about Merck's life science products and to speak with company experts. Follow us on twitter @Merck_lifesci. All Merck news releases are distributed by email at the same time they become available on the Merck website. Please go to www.merckgroup.com/subscribe to register online, change your selection or discontinue this service. About Merck Merck is a leading science and technology company in healthcare, life science and performance materials. Around 50,000 employees work to further develop technologies that improve and enhance life – from biopharmaceutical therapies to treat cancer or multiple sclerosis, cutting-edge systems for scientific research and production, to liquid crystals for smartphones and LCD televisions. In 2016, Merck generated sales of € 15.0 billion in 66 countries. Founded in 1668, Merck is the world's oldest pharmaceutical and chemical company. The founding family remains the majority owner of the publicly listed corporate group. Merck holds the global rights to the Merck name and brand. The only exceptions are the United States and Canada, where the company operates as EMD Serono, MilliporeSigma and EMD Performance Materials.   To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/merck-introduces-next-generation-high-sensitivity-protein-detection-platform-300433140.html SOURCE Merck 03 Apr, 2017, 13:00 BST Preview: Merck führt hochsensible Proteinnachweisplattform der nächsten Generation ein 21 Mar, 2017, 12:00 GMT Preview: Merck Introduces Mobius® MyWay Portfolio for Customized Single-Use Assemblies My News Release contains wide tables. View fullscreen. Also from this source 03 Apr, 2017, 18:54 BSTMerck présente un nouveau et ultra sensible détecteur de proteins 03 Apr, 2017, 18:47 BSTMerck presenta la plataforma de detección de proteínas de alta... Explore More news releases in similar topics Health Care & Hospitals Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Trade Show News You just read: Merck Introduces Next-Generation High-Sensitivity Protein Detection Platform News provided by Merck 03 Apr, 2017, 13:00 BST Share this article Contact Us +44 (0)20 7454 5110 from 8 AM - 5:30 PM GMT Send a Release Sign Up Blog For Journalists Contact Us Search Contact PR Newswire +44 (0)20 7454 5110 from 8 AM - 5:30 PM GMT Contact Us Overview Request More Info Become a Partner   Products The Wire Multimedia News Releases Disclosure Services Media Intelligence About About PR Newswire About Cision Partnering Opportunities Careers   Global Sites Asia Brazil Canada Finland France India Israel Mexico Middle East Netherlands Sweden United States My Services All News Releases Customer Portal Resources Blog Journalists My Services All News Releases Customer Portal Resources Blog Journalists +44 (0)20 7454 5110 from 8 AM - 5:30 PM GMT Terms of Use Privacy Policy Information Security Policy Statement Site Map Copyright © 2017 PR Newswire Europe Limited. All Rights Reserved. A Cision company. News Products Contact News in Focus Browse News Releases All Public Company News View All News Releases All Multimedia News Regulatory News Benelux Regulatory News View All Regulatory News D/A/CH Regulatory News France Regulatory News UK Regulatory News Business & Money Auto & Transportation View All Auto & Transportation Aerospace & Defence Airlines & Aviation Air Freight Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads & Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Haulage & Road Transportation Business Technology View All Business Technology Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertainment & Media View All Entertainment & Media Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film & Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing View All Financial Services & Investing Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers & Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC & SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders’ Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business View All General Business Awards Commercial Real Estate Conference Call Announcements Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls & Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology View All Consumer Technology Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Websites Wireless Communications Energy View All Energy Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil & Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environment View All Environment Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing View All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Aerospace & Defence Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation & Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking & Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecommunications View All Telecommunications Carriers & Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunications Equipment Telecommunications Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail View All Consumer Products & Retail Animals & Pets Beers, Wines & Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics & Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture & Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewellery Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertainment & Media View All Entertainment & Media Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film & Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health View All Health Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports View All Sports General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel View All Travel Amusement Parks & Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels & Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest View All Policy & Public Interest Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Economic News, Trends & Analysis Education Environmental European Government Workplace & Union Not For Profit Public Safety People & Culture People & Culture View All People & Culture Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabled Hispanic LGBT Religion Older People Veterans Women Phone +44 (0)20 7454 5110 from 8 AM - 5:30 PM GMT All contact info Send a ReleaseLog In
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 3 April 2017 by Military News Merck to Hold First-Quarter 2017 Sales and Earnings Conference Call on May 2 KENILWORTH, N.J.–(BUSINESS WIRE)–Merck (NYSE: MRK), known as MSD outside the United States and Canada, will hold its first-quarter 2017 sales and earnings conference call with institutional investors and analysts at 8:00 a.m. EDT on Tuesday, May 2. During the call, company executives will provide an overview of Merck’s performance for the quarter and year. Investors, journalists and the general public may access a live audio webcast of the call on Merck’s website at http://investors.merck.com/investors/webcasts-and-presentations/default.aspx. A replay of the webcast, along with the sales and earnings news release and supplemental financial disclosures, will be available at www.merck.com. Institutional investors and analysts can participate in the call by dialing (706) 758-9927 or (877) 381-5782 and using ID code number 91134398. Members of the media are invited to monitor the call by dialing (706) 758-9928 or (800) 399-7917 and using ID code number 91134398. Journalists who wish to ask questions are requested to contact a member of Merck’s Media Relations team at the conclusion of the call. About Merck For over a century, Merck has been a global health care leader working to help the world be well. Merck is known as MSD outside the United States and Canada. Through our prescription medicines, vaccines, biologic therapies, and animal health products, we work with customers and operate in more than 140 countries to deliver innovative health solutions. We also demonstrate our commitment to increasing access to health care through far-reaching policies, programs and partnerships. For more information, visit www.merck.com and connect with us on Twitter, Facebook, YouTube and LinkedIn. Forward-Looking Statement of Merck & Co., Inc., Kenilworth, N.J., USA This news release of Merck & Co., Inc., Kenilworth, N.J., USA (the “company”) includes “forward-looking statements” within the meaning of the safe harbor provisions of the U.S. Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These statements are based upon the current beliefs and expectations of the company’s management and are subject to significant risks and uncertainties. If underlying assumptions prove inaccurate or risks or uncertainties materialize, actual results may differ materially from those set forth in the forward-looking statements. Risks and uncertainties include but are not limited to, general industry conditions and competition; general economic factors, including interest rate and currency exchange rate fluctuations; the impact of pharmaceutical industry regulation and health care legislation in the United States and internationally; global trends toward health care cost containment; technological advances, new products and patents attained by competitors; challenges inherent in new product development, including obtaining regulatory approval; the company’s ability to accurately predict future market conditions; manufacturing difficulties or delays; financial instability of international economies and sovereign risk; dependence on the effectiveness of the company’s patents and other protections for innovative products; and the exposure to litigation, including patent litigation, and/or regulatory actions. The company undertakes no obligation to publicly update any forward-looking statement, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. Additional factors that could cause results to differ materially from those described in the forward-looking statements can be found in the company’s 2016 Annual Report on Form 10-K and the company’s other filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) available at the SEC’s Internet site (www.sec.gov). CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Android Overtakes Windows for First Time – StatCounter Next PostNext Axalta Welcomes Elizabeth Lempres to Board of Directors Search Recent Posts Star Snacks to create 115 jobs, invest $18 million in Macon-Bibb County Global Textile Company Selects Randolph County for First U.S. Manufacturing Location Will U.S. Senator Ron Johnson Put Patriotism Before Partisan Political Power Play? Fortuna Provides Update on Regulatory Review and Announces Issuance of Management Cease Trade Order Update: Demand for Payment by Jereh Energy Services Business Contacts Business Directory Proudly powered by WordPress
Latest News Dow 20,650 -13.01 -0.06% Nasdaq 5,895 -17.06 -0.29% S&P 500 2,359 -3.88 -0.16% 3:03 A.M. ET Germany's DAX 30 index opens 0.1% lower at 12,248.53 3:02 A.M. ET Updated How the ‘3M’ option — Merkel, Macron and May— would mean stability for Europe 3:01 A.M. ET France's CAC 40 index opens 0.1% higher at 5,089.30 3:01 A.M. ET U.K.'s FTSE 100 opens 0.3% higher at 7,299.54 3:00 A.M. ET Stoxx Europe 600 opens 0.1% lower at 379.01 2:54 A.M. ET Updated Even after Brexit, central banks prefer pounds over euros: survey 2:54 A.M. ET Updated How the pending Aramco IPO could cause a surge in oil prices 2:53 A.M. ET Updated The Dow rally’s ‘in trouble’ if this warning flag holds true 2:50 A.M. ET Updated Apple makes move that could improve its gadgets, but it won’t be easy 2:30 A.M. ET Apple price target lifted to $150 from $140 at Pacific Crest 2:29 A.M. ET Nvidia downgraded to underweight from sector weight at Pacific Crest 2:28 A.M. ET South African rand falls another 1.4% against dollar to $13.87 after S&P downgrade 1:52 A.M. ET ABB to buy Bernecker + Rainer 12:57 A.M. ET Euro, dollar weaker against yen as investors shy away from riskier assets 12:44 A.M. ET Oil prices hold after Monday's pullback 12:08 A.M. ET Updated North Carolina stuffs Gonzaga to win NCAA basketball championship 4/03 Australian trade surplus higher than forecast 4/03 Asian markets pull back amid growing global uncertainty 4/03 India stocks close at 2-year high as investors bullish on Modi 4/03 Updated As weddings become more elaborate and expensive, guests send more regrets Log In Home News Viewer Video SectorWatch Podcasts First Take Games Portfolio My MarketWatch News Viewer Markets U.S. Europe/Middle East Emerging Markets Asia Canada SectorWatch Columns Market Snapshot Movers & Shakers The Tell Currencies Futures Movers Pre-Market News Tools Earnings Wall Markets Overview IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar Currency Tools Futures Contracts Market Screener Hulbert Interactive Investing Stocks Mutual Funds ETFs Options Bonds Commodities Currencies Futures Financial Adviser Center Hedge Funds/Insider Trades Getting Started MarketWatch Adviser Columns Options Trader Revolution Investing Tools Stock Screener Funds Finder ETF Screener Options Screener IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar More... Personal Finance 10 Things Big Spender Real Estate Spending & Saving Taxes Columns The Moneyologist Brett Arends Bill Bischoff Amy Hoak Chuck Jaffe Jennifer Openshaw Jennifer Waters Tools Funds Finder Today's Rates Retirement Retire Here, Not There Encore Taxes How-to Guides Social Security Estate Planning Events Columns Robert Powell's Retirement Portfolio Andrea Coombes's Working Retirement Tools Retirement Planner How long will my money last? Economy Federal Reserve Capitol Report Economic Report Columns Darrell Delamaide Irwin Kellner Rex Nutting Tools Economic Calendar Real Estate Location Scouts realtor.com My MarketWatch Watchlist Alerts Games Log In Home Press Release Merck to Hold First-Quarter 2017 Sales and Earnings Conference Call on May 2 By Published: Apr 3, 2017 6:45 a.m. ET Share KENILWORTH, N.J., Apr 03, 2017 (BUSINESS WIRE) -- Merck MRK, -0.11% known as MSD outside the United States and Canada, will hold its first-quarter 2017 sales and earnings conference call with institutional investors and analysts at 8:00 a.m. EDT on Tuesday, May 2. During the call, company executives will provide an overview of Merck’s performance for the quarter and year. Investors, journalists and the general public may access a live audio webcast of the call on Merck’s website at http://investors.merck.com/investors/webcasts-and-presentations/default.aspx. A replay of the webcast, along with the sales and earnings news release and supplemental financial disclosures, will be available at www.merck.com. Institutional investors and analysts can participate in the call by dialing (706) 758-9927 or (877) 381-5782 and using ID code number 91134398. Members of the media are invited to monitor the call by dialing (706) 758-9928 or (800) 399-7917 and using ID code number 91134398. Journalists who wish to ask questions are requested to contact a member of Merck’s Media Relations team at the conclusion of the call. About Merck For over a century, Merck has been a global health care leader working to help the world be well. Merck is known as MSD outside the United States and Canada. Through our prescription medicines, vaccines, biologic therapies, and animal health products, we work with customers and operate in more than 140 countries to deliver innovative health solutions. We also demonstrate our commitment to increasing access to health care through far-reaching policies, programs and partnerships. For more information, visit www.merck.com and connect with us on Twitter, Facebook, YouTube and LinkedIn. Forward-Looking Statement of Merck & Co., Inc., Kenilworth, N.J., USA This news release of Merck & Co., Inc., Kenilworth, N.J., USA (the “company”) includes “forward-looking statements” within the meaning of the safe harbor provisions of the U.S. Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These statements are based upon the current beliefs and expectations of the company’s management and are subject to significant risks and uncertainties. If underlying assumptions prove inaccurate or risks or uncertainties materialize, actual results may differ materially from those set forth in the forward-looking statements. Risks and uncertainties include but are not limited to, general industry conditions and competition; general economic factors, including interest rate and currency exchange rate fluctuations; the impact of pharmaceutical industry regulation and health care legislation in the United States and internationally; global trends toward health care cost containment; technological advances, new products and patents attained by competitors; challenges inherent in new product development, including obtaining regulatory approval; the company’s ability to accurately predict future market conditions; manufacturing difficulties or delays; financial instability of international economies and sovereign risk; dependence on the effectiveness of the company’s patents and other protections for innovative products; and the exposure to litigation, including patent litigation, and/or regulatory actions. The company undertakes no obligation to publicly update any forward-looking statement, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. Additional factors that could cause results to differ materially from those described in the forward-looking statements can be found in the company’s 2016 Annual Report on Form 10-K and the company’s other filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) available at the SEC’s Internet site (www.sec.gov). View source version on businesswire.com: http://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20170403005010/en/ SOURCE: Merck"> <Property FormalName="PrimaryTwitterHandle" Value="@Merck Merck Media: Claire Gillespie, 267-305-0932 or Investors: Teri Loxam, 908-740-1986 Amy Klug, 908-740-1898 Copyright Business Wire 2017 Quote References MRK -0.07 -0.11% Most Popular What happens to your debt when you die? How upgrading humans will become the next billion-dollar industry North Carolina stuffs Gonzaga to win NCAA basketball championship Apple makes move that could improve its gadgets, but it won’t be easy These dogs make up to $10K per social media post MarketWatch Partner Center Sponsored Headlines MarketWatch Site Index Topics Help Feedback Newsroom Roster Media Archive Premium Products Mobile Company Company Info Code of Conduct Corrections Advertising Media Kit Advertise Locally Reprints & Licensing Broker Center Your Ad Choices Dow Jones Network WSJ.com Barron's Online BigCharts Virtual Stock Exchange Financial News Online WSJ.com Small Business realtor.com Mansion Global Back to Top Copyright ©2017 MarketWatch, Inc. All rights reserved. By using this site you agree to the Terms of Service, Privacy Policy, and Cookie Policy (updated). Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. Intraday data delayed per exchange requirements. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real time last sale data provided by NASDAQ. More information on NASDAQ traded symbols and their current financial status. Intraday data delayed 15 minutes for Nasdaq, and 20 minutes for other exchanges. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. SEHK intraday data is provided by SIX Financial Information and is at least 60-minutes delayed. All quotes are in local exchange time. Advanced Search Stocks Columns Authors Topics No results found Merck & Co. Inc. U.S.: NYSE: MRK $63.47 -0.07 (-0.11%) Volume 6.3M Open $63.43 High $63.71 Low $63.22 P/E Ratio 45.47 Div Yield 2.96 Market Cap 174.5B
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 3 April 2017 by Military News ‘Merck More than a Mother’ from Africa to Asia for the first time – in partnership with Asia Pacific Initiative on Reproduction (ASPIRE) KUALA LUMPUR, Malaysia, April 3, 2017/APO/ — ‚Merck More than a Mother’ engages policy makers and fertility experts to define interventions to improve access to regulated fertility care in Africa and Asia. Merck collaborates with Asian Fertility Societies to build fertility care capacity and improve access to information and health. Merck (www.MerckGroup.com), a leading science and technology company through its ‘Merck More than a Mother’ initiative in partnership with Asia Pacific Initiative on Reproduction (ASPIRE), conducted a panel to address challenges and solutions to improve access to regulated fertility care in Africa and Asia. The high level panel discussion of policy makers and international fertility experts held during the 7th annual Congress of ASPIRE in Malaysia also focused on exploring opportunities to collaborate with Asian Fertility Societies in order to build cost effective and safe fertility care capacity in Africa and developing countries. After the success of the collaboration between ‘Merck More than a Mother’ and Indian and Indonesian fertility experts to provide practical embryology training, Merck will connect Africa with Asia to provide more opportunities for building capacity and interventions to empower infertile women and couples. “Through ‘Merck More than a Mother’ we empower an under-privileged segment of women. Women who couldn’t bear children and for this they are discriminated and mistreated by their husbands, families and communities. In some cultures, childless women still suffer discrimination, stigma and ostracism. This is unacceptable and has to change through our campaign,” emphasized Rasha Kelej, Chief Social Officer, Merck Healthcare. Watch below the stories of women who have suffered as a result of the infertility stigma: “When I created ‘Merck More than a Mother’ I knew important women around the world would rally to the cause but I was surprised at their enthusiasm and the speed at which they did so. First ladies; ministers of health; ministers of gender; parliament members; fertility experts; presidents of fertility societies; CEOs of successful businesses; women and men are strongly supporting this campaign every day,” Rasha Kelej added.  The high level panel discussion included: Her Royal Highness The Crown Princess Azizah of Pahang, Founder and Life President, Tunku Azizah Fertility Foundation, Malaysia; Hon. Sarah Opendi, Minister of State of Health, Uganda; Hon. Zuliatu Cooper, Minister of Health and Sanitation, Sierra Leone; Hon. Betty  Amongi, Minister of Lands, Housing and Urban Development, Uganda; Hon. Julieta Kavetuna, Deputy Minister of Health and Social Services, Namibia; Hon. Joyce Lay, Member of Parliament, Kenya; Dr. Ivan Sini, Chairman, Indonesian Reproductive Sciences Institute; Dr. Kamini Rao, Chairperson of International Institute for Training and Research in Reproductive Health; Prof. Oladapo Ashiru, President of Africa Fertility Society, Nigeria; Dr. Jaideep Malhotra, immediate Past President, ASPIRE India; Prof. Joe Simpson, Immediate Past President, International Federation of Fertility Societies; and Dr. Rasha Kelej, Chief Social Officer, Merck Healthcare.  Her Royal Highness The Crown Princess Azizah of Pahang, Founder and Life President, Tunku Azizah Fertility Foundation, Malaysia, emphasized at the high level panel that she strongly supports ‘Merck More than a Mother’ campaign to support all infertile women, not only in Africa but all over the world. “Infertility is a global issue, all childless women face different kinds of social suffering and mistreatment everywhere in the world,” she said. Minister of State for Health of Uganda, Hon. Sarah Opendi emphasized: “In Uganda, between 15-20% of couples fail to conceive. Fertility clinics in the country to address this problem are few and expensive. Together with ‘Merck More than a Mother’ and as ‘Merck More than a Mother’ Ambassador; we are together with Merck creating awareness that infertility can be prevented and that to improve access, fertility care can be integrated into the existing public reproductive healthcare services which will be cost effective as the infrastructure is already there. In addition we are building a hospital for Women Health where an IVF center will be established to provide couples with affordable and effective treatment with the support of the Merck Embryologist Training Program”. Sierra Leone’s Minister State of Health and Sanitation Hon. Zuliatu Cooper explained: “In Sierra Leone, infertile couples are suffering every day because we do not have facilities to diagnose or treat them. Through ‘Merck More than a Mother’ that is championed by H. E. First Lady of Sierra Leone, Merck in partnership with Ministry of Health will support fertility care training, where we are making history in the country as we are going to establish our platform of fertility experts so that childless couples can be treated in their home country for the first time.” “This a historic achievement for Africa, as ‘Merck More than a Mother’ will do the same in Liberia where currently there are no fertility care facilities and infertile couples have to get treatment abroad too,” Zuliatu Cooper added. Dr. Ivans Sini, Chairman, Indonesian Reproductive Science Institute (IRSI) stated: “We are very happy to partner with Merck to provide this practical high technology training for the first time to establish African embryologists platform to be able together to improve access to safe and cost effective fertility care in Africa, it is a great initiative and we are very proud to be part of it.” About ‘Merck More than a Mother’ ‘Merck More than a Mother’ is championed by the First Ladies of Central African Republic and Sierra Leone, Madam Brigitte Touadera and Madam Sia Koroma respectively. It was first implemented in Kenya in 2015 followed by Uganda, Nigeria, Tanzania, Ghana, Cote d’Ivoire and Central African Republic in 2016 and in Liberia and Sierra Leone in 2017. Watch below the videos of the first ladies of Central African Republic and Sierra Leone on why they support ‘Merck More than a Mother’: Through ‘Empowering Berna’, ‘Merck More than a Mother’ supports infertile women who can no longer be treated by empowering them socially and economically to lead independent and happier lives. Over 1,000 infertile women in Kenya, Uganda, Nigeria, Ghana, Tanzania, Central African Republic, Ethiopia, Liberia and Cote D’Ivoire who can no longer be treated have been empowered through the ‘Empowering Berna’ project. Watch below video on the stories of infertile women from Liberia, Uganda, Ghana, Nigeria and Cote d’Ivoire before and after they enrolled in ‘Merck More than a Mother’s’ Empowering Berna project: ‘Merck More than a Mother’ also provides training programmes for embryologists in Africa to improve access to cost effective fertility care. In addition, it supports governments to define policies to regulate ART, address the need for interventions to break the stigma around infertile women and raise awareness about infertility prevention and male infertility and the necessity for a team approach to family building among couples. The training of African embryologists has already started in Indonesia and India and is benefitting eight participants from Uganda, Kenya, Tanzania, Nigeria and Ghana. ‘Merck More than a Mother’ will also support fertility training for healthcare providers in Sierra Leone and Liberia to establish a fertility experts’ platform that will enable childless couples to be treated in their home countries for the first time. Watch the videos below of the ‘Merck Africa Embryology Training Program’ in India and Indonesia as trainees from Uganda, Kenya, Tanzania, Ghana and Nigeria share their experience. CategoriesUncategorized TagsAfrica,Asia,Business,Central African Republic,Ethiopia,Ghana,Health,India,Infrastructure,Kenya,Liberia,Namibia,Nigeria,Pharmaceutical,Sierra Leone,Tanzania,Uganda,Women,MBC,SMS Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Asia Pacific Canthaxanthin Market in food & beverages industry to hit $60 bn by 2024.: Global Market Insights Inc. Next PostNext Private Sector Investment Finance: Tsetsii Wind Farm Project in Mongolia Wins Prize at the IJGlobal Awards 2016 Search Recent Posts Geminae Releases Icons, A Collection of Vintage-Inspired Reversible Clothes Rxcalculations Launches Pharmaceutical Calculations Mobile Application Following Strong sales, Karma Mobility Unveils New Website Green Root Tea Launches a New Line of Tea that Shakes up the Industry Eosera™ Unveils Earwax MD To Hearing Aid Centers Business Contacts Business Directory Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to main content App RSS SPH A Singapore press holdings portal SearchLogIn Home News Latest Opinion Science And Tech Crime Entertainment Sports The Straits Times Private home prices fall for 14th straight quarter The Business Times Grab buys Indonesia e-commerce startup Kudo The Business Times Mandatory board quota for women? CEOs' views mixed The Straits Times Singapore start-ups head to China - and thrive The Straits Times Man sent ex-girlfriend's nude photos to website Lifestyle Features Women Travel Food Health Digital The Straits Times Private home prices fall for 14th straight quarter The Business Times Grab buys Indonesia e-commerce startup Kudo The Business Times Mandatory board quota for women? CEOs' views mixed The Straits Times Singapore start-ups head to China - and thrive The Straits Times Man sent ex-girlfriend's nude photos to website Singapore The Straits Times Private home prices fall for 14th straight quarter The Business Times Grab buys Indonesia e-commerce startup Kudo The Business Times Mandatory board quota for women? CEOs' views mixed The Straits Times Singapore start-ups head to China - and thrive The Straits Times Man sent ex-girlfriend's nude photos to website Business The Straits Times Private home prices fall for 14th straight quarter The Business Times Grab buys Indonesia e-commerce startup Kudo The Business Times Mandatory board quota for women? CEOs' views mixed The Straits Times Singapore start-ups head to China - and thrive The Straits Times Man sent ex-girlfriend's nude photos to website Malaysia The Straits Times Private home prices fall for 14th straight quarter The Business Times Grab buys Indonesia e-commerce startup Kudo The Business Times Mandatory board quota for women? CEOs' views mixed The Straits Times Singapore start-ups head to China - and thrive The Straits Times Man sent ex-girlfriend's nude photos to website Asia The Straits Times Private home prices fall for 14th straight quarter The Business Times Grab buys Indonesia e-commerce startup Kudo The Business Times Mandatory board quota for women? CEOs' views mixed The Straits Times Singapore start-ups head to China - and thrive The Straits Times Man sent ex-girlfriend's nude photos to website World The Straits Times Private home prices fall for 14th straight quarter The Business Times Grab buys Indonesia e-commerce startup Kudo The Business Times Mandatory board quota for women? CEOs' views mixed The Straits Times Singapore start-ups head to China - and thrive The Straits Times Man sent ex-girlfriend's nude photos to website Forum Services Horoscope Chinese Zodiac Currency Converter 4D, TOTO & SWEEP Weather toggle menu Search LogIn News Singapore Business Asia World Malaysia Crime Transport Entertainment Sports Opinion Science & Tech Lifestyle Features Women Travel Food Health Digital Luxury Grab buys Indonesia e-commerce startup Kudo Mandatory board quota for women? CEOs' views mixed Private home prices fall for 14th straight quarter Man sent ex-girlfriend's nude photos to website Singapore start-ups head to China - and thrive Warren Buffett adorns Cherry Coke cans in China Ezra chairman's villa in Sentosa Cove being sold Consumer watchdog to keep eye on profiteering from water, power price hikes S'pore maths inspires UK educators Hacking of Mindef system a 'covert' attack Tenants told to move before BTO flats are ready Philippine actress Kylie Padilla takes a stand against bashers of her dark underarm photo World Reuters Monday, Apr 3, 2017 Share this article News PostPurchase this article for republication. Tags cancer World The cost of cancer: New drugs show success at a steep price Reuters | Monday, Apr 3, 2017 The image of cells taken by a fluorescence confocal microscope shows cancer cells labelled brightly by a scanning laser. Photo: Institute of Molecular and Cell Reuters Monday, Apr 3, 2017 Newer cancer drugs that enlist the body's immune system are improving the odds of survival, but competition between them is not reining in prices that can now top US$250,000 (S$350,000) a year. The drugs' success for patients is the result of big bets in cancer therapy made by Bristol-Myers Squibb Co, Merck & Co Inc and Roche Holding AG, among others in big pharma. The industry's pipeline of cancer drugs expanded by 63 percent between 2005 and 2015, according to the QuintilesIMS Institute, and a good number are reaching the market. The global market for cancer immunotherapies alone is expected to grow more than fourfold globally to US$75.8 billion by 2022 from US$16.9 billion in 2015, according to research firm GlobalData. For a graphic, click http://tmsnrt.rs/2omboI1 "For cancer drugs in general ... it is hard for us to drive down cost," said Steve Miller, chief medical officer at Express Scripts Holding Co, the nation's largest manager of drug benefit plans for employers and insurers. "You don't want to be in the position of being told to use the second best cancer drug for your child." Lawmakers on both sides of the aisle, as well as President Donald Trump, have been grappling with how to restrain rising prescription drug costs. They have talked about solutions ranging from more price negotiation to faster approval of new drugs, often invoking increased competition between drugmakers. "Competition is key to lowering drug prices," Trump told pharmaceutical executives at an Oval Office meeting in January. But that is not happening with new drugs called checkpoint inhibitors that work by releasing a molecular brake, allowing the immune system to recognize and attack cancer cells the same way it fights infections caused by bacteria or viruses. For cancers like melanoma, the treatments can mean long-term survival for around 20 percent of patients. Bristol's Yervoy, first approved in 2011, targets a protein known as CTLA-4. Other immunotherapies, including Bristol's Opdivo, Keytruda from Merck, Roche's Tecentriq, and Pfizer Inc's Bavencio, involve a different protein called PD-1. Other targets are being explored. Some new data will be presented this week in Washington at the American Association for Cancer Research's annual meeting. Current checkpoint inhibitors each have a list price near US$150,000 a year. A combination of Yervoy and Opdivo, approved by the Food and Drug Administration for advanced or inoperable melanoma, has a cost of US$256,000 a year for patients who respond to the treatment. Similar immunotherapies are in development at companies like AstraZeneca Plc. Merck, which declined to comment on pricing plans, expects an FDA decision by May 10 on its combination of Keytruda and chemotherapy as an initial treatment for the most common form of lung cancer - by far the biggest market for cancer drugs. Pfizer said Bavencio, cleared by the FDA earlier this month to treat Merkel cell carcinoma, a rare type of skin cancer, has a price "comparable to other checkpoint inhibitors approved for different indications." The pharmaceutical industry holds that discussion of prescription drug prices has to take into account the major investment required for innovation and discovery of new lifesaving drugs. "UNRESTRAINED PRICING POWER" Scientific progress, and pricing power, are driving pharmaceutical companies to emphasize oncology research. "Most of the strategy on the part of pharmaceutical companies assumes unrestrained pricing power," said Dr. Peter Bach, director of Memorial Sloan Kettering's Center for Health Policy Outcomes in New York. "We don't see evidence that companies are pursuing cost-effective strategies." Health insurers have had success in demanding price concessions in some drug categories - like diabetes, where several companies sell similar products and insurers are able to negotiate price discounts or rebates in exchange for coverage. According to IMS, that tactic capped the overall rise in spending on diabetes medicines at 8 percent in 2015, compared with an increase of 30 percent in billed invoices. All of the invoice price growth for insulin was offset by price cuts, the institute said. But discounting is much less common for newer, innovative cancer drugs, mostly given by injection and approved for defined patient populations. Net price growth for branded oncology drugs averaged 4.8 percent in 2015, versus 6.4 percent for invoices, according to IMS. Express Scripts' Miller and others said makers of new cancer medications enjoy pricing power due to coverage requirements, insurance plan structure and a lack of head-to-head comparison studies. "Cancer drugs don't compete on price," said Dr. Aaron Kesselheim, a researcher at Harvard Medical School and author of several studies of drug pricing. "Drug companies have market exclusivity and we require payers to cover cancer drugs - Medicare has six protected classes, including cancer." Medicare, the federal government's healthcare plan for seniors and the disabled, covers most prescription drugs under its "Part D" pharmacy benefits. The plans are required to cover all drugs in six classes: cancer, HIV, antidepressants, antispychotics, seizure disorders like epilepsy, and immune system suppressants for people undergoing organ transplantation. Trump met recently with Representatives Elijah Cummings and Peter Welch, both Democrats, to discuss draft legislation allowing the government to negotiate Medicare drug prices - but the bill preserves the six protected classes. In addition, drugs given by injection, including many cancer therapies, are covered under Medicare's main medical benefit. Bristol disappointed investors when it did not pursue accelerated FDA review of the Opdivo/Yervoy combination for newly-diagnosed lung cancer - putting Merck ahead in the lucrative lung cancer market. "All of the immunotherapies have similar price points," said Miller at Express Scripts. "When you stack therapies, it means more expense for patients and (health) plan sponsors." Sign up for our e-newsletter now! Get all the latest news, lifestyle and trending stories, delivered to your inbox! Name Email Address I have read and accept the Privacy Policy Please wait No comments yet. Be the first to post comment. follow us SHOPPING Truffle Any Food You Love Now! Bluetooth Wall Echo Speaker Bar Only $50! Enjoy Healthy Smoothie On The Go Only At $29.90! 100% Original Remax Power Bank On Sale! About Us Contact Us Privacy Statement Follow Us Tell Us   Name * Email Address * Comment * Submit SPH DIGITAL NEWS / ASIAONE GROUP / Copyright © 2017. Singapore Press Holdings Ltd . Co. Regn. No. 198402868E. Terms & Conditions | Personal Data Protection Statement
blog news articles page Contact us Thesis Statement Format Thesis Statement Format news Holt environmental science chapter 1 Welcome to Bruno's Marketplace - the Gourmet Flavors of Date: 2017-04-03 04:20 More videos «Holt environmental science chapter 1» Prentice Hall Bridge page John Milledge Academy | John Milledge Academy Macmillan - Distinguished & Award Winning Global Publisher Merck Veterinary Manual Awards Merck Veterinary Manuals, to recognize scholastic achievement in fourth-year students. Prentice Hall Bridge page Nowicki Biology is focused on making biology relevant for students through intriguing questions, exciting and easy-to-use technology, and extensive examples in the book and online showing biology in action. John Milledge Academy | John Milledge Academy Bruce Starker Memorial Research Awards Established to support student travel to professional forestry meetings, such as those conducted by the Society of American Foresters, the Western Forestry and Conservation Association and similar professional organizations. Also available to those studying advanced forest practices in operational settings, experimental plots, growth studies, or other sites of topical forestry interest with primary emphasis on private forestry. Macmillan - Distinguished & Award Winning Global Publisher Discover Deli with a Difference! Established in 6987, Deli Brands of America has a tradition of quality and value that is customers will taste the difference and come back time and time again for products prepared by Deli Brands of America. As a family-owned and operated USDA processing facility, we provide delicatessen, steak, veal, pork, lamb and other specialty meat items nationwide to distributors, chain restaurants, retail foodservice and industrial accounts.  As a private label manufacturer of food products, Deli Brands can maximize your brand effectiveness with products made to your specifications. WBA lightweight champion Jorge Linares will return to the Manchester Arena in England to rematch hometown favorite Anthony Crolla and defend his world title for the first time on March 75. Pearson Prentice Hall and our other respected imprints provide educational materials, technologies, assessments and related services across the secondary curriculum. Nothing encourages students to study and review more than a game! The interactive review games covering the key concepts and vocabulary from each chapter will keep students engaged while they prepare for upcoming tests. I follow the sequence of units as shown on the listing to the left. Unit plans are available at the page for each chapter. Academic Excellence Monetary award, given to four students in each class in recognition of their academic ranking. Novartis-Ethicon Surgical Excellence Award &ndash Large Animal Monetary award that celebrates the veterinary student who demonstrates outstanding large animal surgical skills and academics. «Holt environmental science chapter 1» in pictures. More images «Holt environmental science chapter 1». Contact | RSS feed | sitemap.xml | News
Photos Videos Topics Live PAK 127/3 (19) - WI 124/8 (20) Live UAE 48/0 (8) - PNG (Yet to bat) Home India Mumbai Delhi World Business Technology Sports Entertainment Bollywood Hollywood Television Lifestyle Education & Careers TRENDING# Kishori Amonkar Narendra Modi IPL 2017 Yogi Adityanath Arvind Kejriwal Home Health The cost of cancer: new drugs show success at a steep price Shares1 Mon, 3 Apr 2017-11:34am , Reuters The drugs' success for patients is the result of big bets in cancer therapy made by Bristol-Myers Squibb Co, Merck & Co Inc and Roche Holding AG, among others in big pharma. Newer cancer drugs that enlist the body's immune system are improving the odds of survival, but competition between them is not reining in prices that can now top $250,000 a year. The drugs' success for patients is the result of big bets in cancer therapy made by Bristol-Myers Squibb Co, Merck & Co Inc and Roche Holding AG, among others in big pharma. The industry's pipeline of cancer drugs expanded by 63 percent between 2005 and 2015, according to the QuintilesIMS Institute, and a good number are reaching the market. The global market for cancer immunotherapies alone is expected to grow more than fourfold globally to $75.8 billion by 2022 from $16.9 billion in 2015, according to research firm GlobalData. For a graphic, click http://tmsnrt.rs/2omboI1 "For cancer drugs in general ... it is hard for us to drive down cost," said Steve Miller, chief medical officer at Express Scripts Holding Co, the nation's largest manager of drug benefit plans for employers and insurers. "You don't want to be in the position of being told to use the second best cancer drug for your child." Lawmakers on both sides of the aisle, as well as President Donald Trump, have been grappling with how to restrain rising prescription drug costs. They have talked about solutions ranging from more price negotiation to faster approval of new drugs, often invoking increased competition between drugmakers. "Competition is key to lowering drug prices," Trump told pharmaceutical executives at an Oval Office meeting in January. But that is not happening with new drugs called checkpoint inhibitors that work by releasing a molecular brake, allowing the immune system to recognize and attack cancer cells the same way it fights infections caused by bacteria or viruses. For cancers like melanoma, the treatments can mean long-term survival for around 20 percent of patients. Bristol's Yervoy, first approved in 2011, targets a protein known as CTLA-4. Other immunotherapies, including Bristol's Opdivo, Keytruda from Merck, Roche's Tecentriq, and Pfizer Inc's Bavencio, involve a different protein called PD-1. Other targets are being explored. Some new data will be presented this week in Washington at the American Association for Cancer Research's annual meeting. Current checkpoint inhibitors each have a list price near $150,000 a year. A combination of Yervoy and Opdivo, approved by the Food and Drug Administration for advanced or inoperable melanoma, has a cost of $256,000 a year for patients who respond to the treatment. Similar immunotherapies are in development at companies like AstraZeneca Plc. Merck, which declined to comment on pricing plans, expects an FDA decision by May 10 on its combination of Keytruda and chemotherapy as an initial treatment for the most common form of lung cancer - by far the biggest market for cancer drugs. Pfizer said Bavencio, cleared by the FDA earlier this month to treat Merkel cell carcinoma, a rare type of skin cancer, has a price "comparable to other checkpoint inhibitors approved for different indications." The pharmaceutical industry holds that discussion of prescription drug prices has to take into account the major investment required for innovation and discovery of new lifesaving drugs. "UNRESTRAINED PRICING POWER" Scientific progress, and pricing power, are driving pharmaceutical companies to emphasize oncology research. "Most of the strategy on the part of pharmaceutical companies assumes unrestrained pricing power," said Dr. Peter Bach, director of Memorial Sloan Kettering's Center for Health Policy Outcomes in New York. "We don't see evidence that companies are pursuing cost-effective strategies." Health insurers have had success in demanding price concessions in some drug categories - like diabetes, where several companies sell similar products and insurers are able to negotiate price discounts or rebates in exchange for coverage. According to IMS, that tactic capped the overall rise in spending on diabetes medicines at 8 percent in 2015, compared with an increase of 30 percent in billed invoices. All of the invoice price growth for insulin was offset by price cuts, the institute said. But discounting is much less common for newer, innovative cancer drugs, mostly given by injection and approved for defined patient populations. Net price growth for branded oncology drugs averaged 4.8 percent in 2015, versus 6.4 percent for invoices, according to IMS. Express Scripts' Miller and others said makers of new cancer medications enjoy pricing power due to coverage requirements, insurance plan structure and a lack of head-to-head comparison studies. "Cancer drugs don't compete on price," said Dr. Aaron Kesselheim, a researcher at Harvard Medical School and author of several studies of drug pricing. "Drug companies have market exclusivity and we require payers to cover cancer drugs - Medicare has six protected classes, including cancer." Medicare, the federal government's healthcare plan for seniors and the disabled, covers most prescription drugs under its "Part D" pharmacy benefits. The plans are required to cover all drugs in six classes: cancer, HIV, antidepressants, antispychotics, seizure disorders like epilepsy, and immune system suppressants for people undergoing organ transplantation. Trump met recently with Representatives Elijah Cummings and Peter Welch, both Democrats, to discuss draft legislation allowing the government to negotiate Medicare drug prices - but the bill preserves the six protected classes. In addition, drugs given by injection, including many cancer therapies, are covered under Medicare's main medical benefit. Bristol disappointed investors when it did not pursue accelerated FDA review of the Opdivo/Yervoy combination for newly-diagnosed lung cancer - putting Merck ahead in the lucrative lung cancer market. "All of the immunotherapies have similar price points," said Miller at Express Scripts. "When you stack therapies, it means more expense for patients and (health) plan sponsors." (This article has not been edited by DNA's editorial team and is auto-generated from an agency feed.) TOP TOP   Comments   Also Read Health ‘Awetism Run’ sees larger crowd, sends message through Health Autistic people deserve to be a part of mainstream crowd: Sayuri Dalvi Health 'Autism can be a gift': A beautiful and touching letter from a father on world Autism awareness day Health World Autism Awareness Day: Single mother Stuti Das speaks to DNA on what it takes to raise a child with autism Health Hey chatterbox, better use that phone with caution! Health 'Detox' Your Brain. Spare your Body. Live Cricket Score Live PAK 127/3 (19) PAK beat WI by 7 wickets WI 124/8 (20) Full Scorecard | Commentary Live UAE 48/0 (8) PNG (Yet to bat) Full Scorecard | Commentary Related Do you know what you're smoking? Most people don't, says study In a first, researchers cut out HIV genes from animals infected with virus Video Watch: Rakhi Sawant apologises after arrest warrant issued for her statement about Valmiki WATCH: These adorable two-year-old twins act out their favourite scene from Frozen to perfection Watch | World Autism Awareness Day: Here are some talented autistic artists showcasing their work View all Tags Food and Drug Administration Donald Trump Steve Miller American Association for Cancer Research Cancer Research Elijah Cummings Harvard Medical School New York Washington Merck & Co Inc IMS Bristol-Myers Squibb Co Peter Bach Pfizer Inc American Association AstraZeneca PLC. Co Inc Drug Administration GlobalData Health Policy Merkel Oval Office Roche Holding AG SITE INDEX About DNA Contact us Investors Advertise Reprint Rights News Maduro extends Easter break for Venezuela's public workers Watch: Two girls perform covers of Leonard Cohen's Hallelujah and the internet can't get enough Afghanistan sacks top generals over brazen hospital attack Dalai Lama's visit strictly religious not political Centre Haley says she discussed US secretary of state post with Trump Sport Soccer-Bullet point preview of Premier League fixtures, round 30 Soccer-Bullet point preview of Premier League fixtures, round 30 Soccer-Dyche keen to build on solid foundation at Burnley Soccer-Bullet point preview of Premier League fixtures, round 30 Soccer-Bullet point preview of Premier League fixtures, round 30 Entertainment Jesse Eisenberg welcomes first child with girlfriend Mama June appears in public for first time since weight loss Wait, what? Kamya Punjabi can be JAILED for 6 months, here's why! FLASHBACK: When Parveen Babi CLAIMED Amitabh Bachchan wanted to kill her! 'Golmaal 4' will be a nice break for me: Parineeti Money Technology firm Nanoco cuts full-year expectations Gave approval to Aircel-Maxis deal in normal course of business: P Chidambaram ED arrests two people in shell companies crackdown B P Kanungo takes charge as RBI Deputy Governor Govt exceeds FY17 tax collection target at Rs 17.10 lakh crore Partner site: Zee News ©2017 Diligent Media Corporation Ltd.
  Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Wires Home My Profile Logout Login Feedback DailyMail NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad The cost of cancer: new drugs show success at a steep price By Reuters Published: 02:03 EDT, 3 April 2017 | Updated: 02:03 EDT, 3 April 2017 e-mail By Deena Beasley April 3 (Reuters) - Newer cancer drugs that enlist the body's immune system are improving the odds of survival, but competition between them is not reining in prices that can now top $250,000 a year. The drugs' success for patients is the result of big bets in cancer therapy made by Bristol-Myers Squibb Co, Merck &amp; Co Inc and Roche Holding AG, among others in big pharma. The industry's pipeline of cancer drugs expanded by 63 percent between 2005 and 2015, according to the QuintilesIMS Institute, and a good number are reaching the market. The global market for cancer immunotherapies alone is expected to grow more than fourfold globally to $75.8 billion by 2022 from $16.9 billion in 2015, according to research firm GlobalData. For a graphic, click http://tmsnrt.rs/2omboI1 "For cancer drugs in general ... it is hard for us to drive down cost," said Steve Miller, chief medical officer at Express Scripts Holding Co, the nation's largest manager of drug benefit plans for employers and insurers. "You don't want to be in the position of being told to use the second best cancer drug for your child." Lawmakers on both sides of the aisle, as well as President Donald Trump, have been grappling with how to restrain rising prescription drug costs. They have talked about solutions ranging from more price negotiation to faster approval of new drugs, often invoking increased competition between drugmakers. "Competition is key to lowering drug prices," Trump told pharmaceutical executives at an Oval Office meeting in January. But that is not happening with new drugs called checkpoint inhibitors that work by releasing a molecular brake, allowing the immune system to recognize and attack cancer cells the same way it fights infections caused by bacteria or viruses. For cancers like melanoma, the treatments can mean long-term survival for around 20 percent of patients. Bristol's Yervoy, first approved in 2011, targets a protein known as CTLA-4. Other immunotherapies, including Bristol's Opdivo, Keytruda from Merck, Roche's Tecentriq, and Pfizer Inc's Bavencio, involve a different protein called PD-1. Other targets are being explored. Some new data will be presented this week in Washington at the American Association for Cancer Research's annual meeting. Current checkpoint inhibitors each have a list price near $150,000 a year. A combination of Yervoy and Opdivo, approved by the Food and Drug Administration for advanced or inoperable melanoma, has a cost of $256,000 a year for patients who respond to the treatment. Similar immunotherapies are in development at companies like AstraZeneca Plc. Merck, which declined to comment on pricing plans, expects an FDA decision by May 10 on its combination of Keytruda and chemotherapy as an initial treatment for the most common form of lung cancer - by far the biggest market for cancer drugs. Pfizer said Bavencio, cleared by the FDA earlier this month to treat Merkel cell carcinoma, a rare type of skin cancer, has a price "comparable to other checkpoint inhibitors approved for different indications." The pharmaceutical industry holds that discussion of prescription drug prices has to take into account the major investment required for innovation and discovery of new lifesaving drugs. "UNRESTRAINED PRICING POWER" Scientific progress, and pricing power, are driving pharmaceutical companies to emphasize oncology research. "Most of the strategy on the part of pharmaceutical companies assumes unrestrained pricing power," said Dr. Peter Bach, director of Memorial Sloan Kettering's Center for Health Policy Outcomes in New York. "We don't see evidence that companies are pursuing cost-effective strategies." Health insurers have had success in demanding price concessions in some drug categories - like diabetes, where several companies sell similar products and insurers are able to negotiate price discounts or rebates in exchange for coverage. According to IMS, that tactic capped the overall rise in spending on diabetes medicines at 8 percent in 2015, compared with an increase of 30 percent in billed invoices. All of the invoice price growth for insulin was offset by price cuts, the institute said. But discounting is much less common for newer, innovative cancer drugs, mostly given by injection and approved for defined patient populations. Net price growth for branded oncology drugs averaged 4.8 percent in 2015, versus 6.4 percent for invoices, according to IMS. Express Scripts' Miller and others said makers of new cancer medications enjoy pricing power due to coverage requirements, insurance plan structure and a lack of head-to-head comparison studies. "Cancer drugs don't compete on price," said Dr. Aaron Kesselheim, a researcher at Harvard Medical School and author of several studies of drug pricing. "Drug companies have market exclusivity and we require payers to cover cancer drugs - Medicare has six protected classes, including cancer." Medicare, the federal government's healthcare plan for seniors and the disabled, covers most prescription drugs under its "Part D" pharmacy benefits. The plans are required to cover all drugs in six classes: cancer, HIV, antidepressants, antispychotics, seizure disorders like epilepsy, and immune system suppressants for people undergoing organ transplantation. Trump met recently with Representatives Elijah Cummings and Peter Welch, both Democrats, to discuss draft legislation allowing the government to negotiate Medicare drug prices - but the bill preserves the six protected classes. In addition, drugs given by injection, including many cancer therapies, are covered under Medicare's main medical benefit. Bristol disappointed investors when it did not pursue accelerated FDA review of the Opdivo/Yervoy combination for newly-diagnosed lung cancer - putting Merck ahead in the lucrative lung cancer market. "All of the immunotherapies have similar price points," said Miller at Express Scripts. "When you stack therapies, it means more expense for patients and (health) plan sponsors." (Editing by Edward Tobin) Share or comment on this article e-mail Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article. Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail     DON'T MISS Kylie Jenner shows off taut tummy in sports bra and tiny shorts for Puma shoe campaign... amid reports she split from Tyga again Working out her issues Don't mess with Naomi Watts! Actress gets revenge on fan who took sneaky picture of her on Subway in the best way possible  Snapping back PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Nicole Richie parades her slim figure in bandeau bikini while husband Joel strips off for water slide fun in Palm Beach 'It's an exceptional friendship': Pregnant Danielle Bux 'moves back in' with ex Gary Lineker despite expecting a baby with her new boyfriend   Where are they now? A look into what the iconic stars of Neighbours are up to 30 years on What do the original residents of Ramsay Street look like now? Braless Kim Kardashian covers her sheer top with a strategically placed leather jacket on date night with Kanye West Just the two of them 'It's a scab that never heals': Alec Baldwin talks 'permanent break' with daughter Ireland after THAT infamous 'rude, thoughtless pig' voicemail Mischa Barton shows off her washboard abs and slender frame as she poses in bikini top for 138 Water shoot... after revealing heartache over sex tape 'You tell someone you want to f**k them and I'm meant to buy you an owl?' More drama unfolds between Sam and Tiff on a very explosive MIC  Elizabeth Hurley, 51, shows off her age-defying inredible figure in a tiny tangerine bikini as she enjoys a beach break Beach babe  'F*** yeah I have': Paris Jackson celebrates birthday lunch with friends in LA... as she shuts down Twitter troll who claimed she'd 'put on weight' 'It was my PR person creating rumors': Susan Sarandon explains 'fight' with Stepmom co-star Julia Roberts... and reveals she is 'now dating' Jessica Lange A bit off all white! Gisele Bundchen legs it in revealing belted kimono after shopping spree in Costa Rica... as Tom Brady gets back his Super Bowl jersey 'Our little miracle': McFly's Harry Judd reveals he's expecting a second child with wife Izzy... a year after couple's IVF battle to conceive daughter Lola Billie Faiers shows off sensational post-baby figure in tight-fitting lace dress... just a month after giving birth to son Arthur Tanned and toned  There was little headway in the rape case investigation as Episode Six ended with the wrong kind of cliff-hanger in Broadchurch, by JIM SHELLEY Welcome to the jetset! Tamara Ecclestone takes daughter Sophia, 3, on a shopping spree at luxury Beverly Hills store  Got it from her mumma  'I'm not creepy!' Sam Faiers insists she's not 'begging' beau Paul Knightley for marriage... as they vow not to have more children before getting wed 'There's no ONE person for everyone': Natasha Hamilton defends engagement to Charles Gay as they plan a beach wedding and BABY NUMBER 5 'We are complete': Dad-of-four Peter Andre rules out any more children as he reveals his wife Emily is 'too shattered' after the birth of their son Theo Danny Dyer returns to EastEnders set 'fighting fit' following a six-week break from the BBC soap following 'concerns' about his behaviour  'You were drunk the first time!' Mary Berry reveals her husband of fifty years had to propose THREE times before she finally agreed to marry him  Support system: Sombre Kylie Jenner is joined by sister Kim Kardashian while heading to studio in LA... after 'split' with Tyga Sibling support  Dermot O'Leary 'set to return to The Nightly Show' after winning praise from viewers as bosses try to save the ITV programme A hit with the viewers  'I don't know if I can watch this': Emmerdale viewers are left in tears as Laurel makes the heartbreaking decision to bring Ashley home to die due to his dementia Denise Welch, 58, shows off her bikini body as she strips down to her swimwear for a restaurant boogie to her son's band The 1975 Loving life Katie Price shares sweet clip of daughter Princess, 9, massaging her very tanned face... after coming under fire for posting snaps of her child PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Kourtney Kardashian gets wet and wild in Hawaii during vacation with ex Scott Disick and their children Bit of all white!  'I am proud to be a Muslim': Bella Hadid flaunts her incredible figure in a monochrome swimsuit and sheer gown as she discusses religion 'Opening day!' Emily Ratajkowski enjoys burger and beer as Dodgers trounce the Padres in LA Sporty day out for the supermodel Chloe Lewis looks stylish in blazer as she films new TOWIE scenes... after breaking down in tears during row with Kate Wright over her ex Dan Edgar  Carol Vorderman enjoys night out with pals... after revealing her mother has been diagnosed with terminal cancer Sad news  Beautiful in blue! Naomi Watts stuns in silk sleeveless number as she joins Brooke Shields at Tribeca Ball Loked breathtaking in blue 'Can I be responsible for another human being?' Jourdan Dunn gives candid interview about the shock of becoming a teenage mum . 'Would you like to be 100 French?': Flirty Manu Feildel makes VERY crude joke about Jackie 'O' Henderson's heritage during radio interview 'I'm in no rush to get married': Kym Marsh reveals she's taking things slow with long-term beau Matt Baker as her family life 'couldn't get any better' Far from Desperate! Eva Longoria reveals she's 'obsessed' with Ed Sheeran after her media mogul husband set their romantic desert proposal to his music Stephen Bear sparks hacking concerns with VILE tweet comparing new girlfriend Charlotte Crosby with exes Vicky Pattison and Jemma Lucy Kylie Minogue shows off her tiny waist in a figure-hugging gold gown as she accepts the Britain-Australia Society Award in London  Something to tell us? Lucy Mecklenburgh poses in exquisite lace-embellished wedding dress sparking engagement rumours among her fans Their romance is red hot! Jennifer Lopez, 47, demands to be noticed in unusual outfit as she steps out with new flame Alex Rodriguez in NYC Hilarious costumes, dire dialogue ...Harlots is lip-smackingly awful: CHRISTOPHER STEVENS reviews last night's TV   Like father, like son: Rod Stewart and his mini-me son Aiden, six, sport matching paisley print shirts as they enjoy a coffee stop with leggy Penny Lancaster in LA Up in smoke! Jonah Hill showcases huge weight loss in Palace soccer jersey as he steps out for a cigarette break Shrinking  Evergreen: Make-up free Christy Turlington, 47, reveals barefaced beauty and trim figure in leggings for errands Ageless beauty We need roles for older actors, says Glenda, 80: Actress laments the lack of elderly people in plays  'They take breaks all the time': Kylie Jenner, 19, splits with rapper beau Tyga, 27, AGAIN... but is it for good this time? Keeping up? Mischa Barton poses with Denise Richards as she shares cast photos from The Toybox...after opening up about sex tape She's not shy! Coco Austin shows off her ample assets in very plunging swimsuit as she posts revealing photos on Snapchat Red hot! Brooke Shields, 51, flaunts athletic body in strapless swimsuit as she swings into blue lagoon on vacation Looking good  'Tan lines!': Lea Michele showcases peachy posterior and side boob in skimpy green bathing suit on vacation Gorgeous in green Keeping the weight off! Mama June is seen for first time since shocking Not To Hot body reveal where she went from 460lbs to a size 4 Major transformation Harrison Ford will NOT be fined or lose license after near miss with a passenger plane carrying 110 people The pilot had a near-miss in Orange County John Legend reveals he enjoys making fried chicken at home with wife Chrissy Teigen to relax... and says she tells him off for spending too much time on his phone 'It helped that she was a nurse as well!' MAFS' Simon and Alene gush about their romance on Today as Simon REFUSES to condemn Anthony's treatment of Nadia Hardening up: Melissa George immortalises her boys baby shoes in bronze amid a bitter custody battle with ex partner Jean-David Blanc 'Some people are in it for publicity' MAFS's Lauren Bran says 'drama queen' Scarlett Cooper is 'having it off with Jonesy'... after calling 'husband' Andrew a 'f***ing w**ker' Forgetting something? Candice Swanepoel goes without trousers in a longline grey sweater on New York City stroll with son Anacã Leggy lady 'It's been a rollercoaster few months!' Scarlett Moffatt 'to write new book' about her rise to fame following body makeover and whirlwind TV career   'TheBeachBUNS': John Stamos trousers split in the middle of his performance with The Beach Boys It wasn't all Fun Fun Fun  Made In Chelsea's Louise Thompson brags about her 'ab progress' as shows off VERY tanned and toned tum in a barely-there bralet Not shy on social media 'It was horrible!': Alexander Skarsgard reveals beating up Nicole Kidman in domestic violence scenes for Big Little Lies was 'draining' 'The cat had it coming!' Holly Willoughby calls in sick on This Morning after VOMITING on her pet... leaving Phillip Schofield so stressed he downs booze Bella Hadid poses in yet ANOTHER bikini during Mexican getaway... after missing mom Yolanda's Mother Of The Year honor in LA Swim-suits her!  Pony up! Lisa Wilkinson opts for a fresh new look as switches out her usual straight bob for a series of flirty up-dos Ex Bachelor star Heather Maltman wears a skimpy two-piece swimsuit as she surveys Queensland flood damage with radio co-hosts 'How did I survive?': Kyle Sandilands reflects on 'having sex with every person he could, being on drugs and taking cars that didn't belong to him' during his adolescent years Gigi Hadid dons somber all-black attire in NYC... while her boyfriend Zayn Malik monkeys around David Spade, 52, has a spring in his step on solo outing after romantic clinch in Hawaii with Naya Rivera, 30  Dinner for one  Heather Morris both 'thrilled' and 'disappointed' to dance to Britney Spears' hit Toxic on DTWS ...after singing it on Glee three years ago 'I made a bad move': Hangover actor Mike Epps apologizes for stunt in which he brought a kangaroo onstage only for the terrified creature to PUNCH him in the face 'It takes guts': Nicki Minaj says it's not easy walking the red carpet in extremely racy outfits as she lets down her guard to talk insecurities Racy for her new man! Jennifer Lopez, 47, squeezes into VERY tight black leather skirt exposing her G-string for dinner date with Alex Rodriguez, 41 Busty Pamela Anderson squeezes her famous curves into a low-cut floral frock as she enjoys night out in London Blooming lovely 'He got my clothes off!': Kim Kardashian explains Mert Alas talked her into stripping for GQ... even though her publicist was against it Braless Kim Kardashian covers her sheer top with leather jacket as she enjoys date night with Kanye West Looking good  John Cena reveals he first proposed Nikki Bella when she was doped up for surgery as smitten couple bask in engagement bliss Not so jet set! Jessica Alba goes grunge in striped maxi dress as she puts comfort first for flight Jet set style  Charli XCX flaunts toned pins and flat stomach in tight-fitting crop top and mini shorts during energetic performance in San Francisco   Director Rupert Sanders reflects on 'momentary lapse' that lead to his affair with Kristen Stewart Met working on Snow White and the Huntsman 'You're so muscly': Ray Quinn displays the results of his incredible body transformation as he gets Loose Women viewers hot under the collar in a VERY tight top EXCLUSIVE: Prince Harry's girlfriend's family in ugly split over her half-sister's plan for tell-all book as their brother says: 'Leave Meghan alone already.' Pregnant Rosie Huntington-Whiteley sheathes her blossoming baby bump in a paisley blouse as she cosies up to fiancé Jason Statham Now THAT'S a ring! WWE star John Cena proposes to Nikki Bella with HUGE round-cut diamond New The Rock of wrestling! Hey, big spender! Comedian Martin Lawrence proposes to nurse practitioner girlfriend Roberta Moradfar with a $500K diamond ring Teen Mom 2 star Javi Marroquin and MTV Real World's Madison Channing Walls break up after two-week romance Short-lived  Dakota Johnson flaunts her sensationally slender figure and peachy derriere in skimpy white backless swimsuit on girly getaway in Miami Dangerous curves ahead! Real Housewives star NeNe Leakes, 49, stuns in blue bikini as she takes a 'senior spring break trip' with husband and kids 'Paradise!': Ashley Tisdale lives it up in tropical colored bikini on romantic trip with husband Christopher French Fun in the sun Too busy to dye? Sarah Jessica Parker, 52, shows off dark roots on the NYC set of her HBO hit Divorce which is now in its second season From actress to anchor! Gina Rodriguez flashes a peace sign as she heads to her guest-hosting gig on the Today show with Al Roker It's a real nail biter! Elle Fanning looks stressed-out with Peter Dinklage as they talk between scenes on the New York set of I Think We're Alone Now Ariel Winter revs up fans with racy pose on motorbike in booty-baring jeans... before taking it down a gear for low key outing with boyfriend Amber Rose opts for a low-key look as she bares her midriff with her mother at the mall... ahead of her appearance on VH1's Hip Hop Squares Suge Knight claims ex-wife and former Death Row Records security chief Reggie White Jr 'killed Tupac Shakur and reveals that he was the real target of the drive-by' Smiling Bill Cosby arrives to pretrial hearing where judge sets his rape trial to begin in June with sequestered jury Lady in red! The Duchess of Cornwall dazzles in a crimson couture gown as she joins Charles at a glittering gala dinner in Florence  Ready for summer! Scream Queens star Lea Michele flaunts toned midriff in pretty white outfit during wine tour of Napa Valley 'I'm deeply honored and beyond excited': Olivia Wilde will make her Broadway debut in a production of George Orwell's 1984 John Torode puts on a united front with 'wonderful' MasterChef co-host Gregg Wallace for a selfie... after claiming they've 'never been friends' Supermodel Bella Hadid is RED HOT in a string of skimpy bikini pictures as she 'reflects and recharges' in Mexico Organised her own shoot One hot chef! Sarah Michelle Gellar stuns in green leather biker jacket as she arrives at talk show in NYC to promote new cookbook Chloe Goodman shows off her incredibly peachy posterior in high-rise bikini while busty sister Lauryn goes for clashing two-piece in Maldives 'I'm glad she got her happy ending': Sarah Harding reveals being a mum was pal Cheryl's 'ultimate goal' as she congratulates her on her newborn son Looks peachy! Casey Batchelor flaunts her pert behind in an envy-inducing holiday snap as she continues her break in the Dominican Republic 'He hasn't complained once': Vogue Williams thanks beau Spencer Matthews for 'putting up with her whinging' as they cuddle up for cosy Instagram post Tyra Banks lists 'mansion in the sky' New York duplex for $17.5 million... and it's also available to rent for $50k a month Room with a view EXCLUSIVE: 'I've only got love for her:' The Voice winner Mo Adeniran thanks abusive foster carer for 'making him a better person' Megan McKenna flashes her toned stomach in sexy off-the-shoulder blouse as she films TOWIE with a casually-chic Georgia Kousoulou You look like a dream, girl! Slender Jennifer Hudson sizzles in a slinky silver minidress... before posing with adorable son David backstage at The Voice 'There's no need for BRUTALITY': The Voice invader is unmasked as a wannabe rapper as he accuses security of 'almost choking him to death' Great British Heel Off: Controversial host Noel Fielding wears furry gilet and platform shoes with mismatching socks ahead of new TV series Unexpected choice SPOILER ALERT: Blast from the past! Denise Black confirms her return to Coronation Street as she is pictured on set for the first time in 10 years 'I'm shy': Yolanda Hadid says she's not ready to start dating again after 2015 split from David Foster... who has recently 'romanced' Christie Brinkley Hip-hop hits the cobblestones! Will.I.Am releases flashy video for new single Fiyah... and it was shot on set of beloved British soap Coronation Street Peter Andre appears to takes a swipe at ex Katie Price over her new reality series... before praising his 'calm' second wife Emily MacDonagh Rear-ly good friends! Proud Christina Milian flashes her derriere alongside bride-to-be Nicole Williams' perky posterior in series of saucy posts 'This is horrendous viewing': Stephen Bear stuns viewers as he drops F Bomb LIVE on This Morning before wreaking havoc in studio with silly spray Breaking Bad and Better Call Saul actor Raymond Cruz joins cast of hotly-anticipated Sons Of Anarchy spin off Best known as Tuco on Breaking Bad Such a sport! Pixie Lott tries her hand at football for charity match in aid of Alzheimer's Research UK... just a day after making her musical comeback Kim Kardashian appears shaken and frightened after man crashes into her outside LA restaurant... six months after she was subject to Paris robbery Attention, emerging talent! As Paris Jackson celebrates her 19th birthday, her make-up pro details her stunning beauty look for the Fashion LA Awards Country chic! Kellie Pickler is a classic beauty as she flaunts her enviable figure in a strapless bardot black gown Dazzling at the ACMs 'I feel more empowered': Maren Morris says cutting off 12 inches of hair has given her a new attitude as she stuns at ACM Awards TOWIE star Chloe Sims is uncharacteristically casual in skin-tight jeans with trainers and T-shirt as she joins James Lock for filming Shunned her glam look 'Going on a trampoline is a worry': Stacey Solomon laments how childbirth has affected her intimate area as she quips 'I want it to be good down there' 'It's in bad taste': BBC slammed for meme of Ed Sheeran mocked up to mimic Britney's 2007 meltdown after vowing to 'tackle mental health stigma' Muva's new lover? Amber Rose sparks speculation she's embarked on a romance with French Montana as she shares snap of their cosy night out  'It's unnatural for her age': Katie Price comes under fire AGAIN as she shares snap of daughter Princess, nine, mimicking model pose during Maldives trip Julianne Hough bares her shoulders in flounce top on date with fiancé Brooks Laich at WeHo hotspot Catch LA The 28-year-old DWTS judge held hands Sophie Turner puts on a leggy display in a thigh-skimming floral dress as she steps out arm-in-arm with boyfriend Joe Jonas for smitten dinner date 'He sent me a love letter every single day': Jools Oliver reveals how husband Jamie wooed her at just 17 with adoring daily notes (and she's kept them all) PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Bottoms up! Bella Hadid flaunts her amazing body as she parties on the beach in Cabo in a VERY revealing blue bikini Spry Generation! The Who's Roger Daltrey, 73, looks bleary-eyed as he clambers into taxi clutching a bottle of Prosecco after night out with pal Charlotte Mc-Giddy! Tipsy model McKinney can't contain her giggles as she leaves Fashion Los Angeles Awards afterparty worse for wear 'I dance around my closet!' Drew Barrymore jokes about dating as she promotes new show with Ellen Single since her split from Will Kopelman 'The best mum to our boys': Wayne Rooney shares gushing tribute to wife Coleen as she celebrates her 31st birthday Happy families PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Gwyneth and her Iron Man! Paltrow and her buff beau Brad Falchuk show off their beach bodies in skimpy swim gear in Mexico It mutt be love! Orlando Bloom cuddles up to Katy Perry's adorable pet pooch as he heads to dinner... two months after shock split Playing nice Tickled pink! Charlotte Dawson flaunts her tanned and toned pins in skimpy lace co-ord as she playfully throws a few shapes outside fashion show EXCLUSIVE: 'He was out of line': Sam brands MIC new boy James ' a douche' for hitting on his sister Louise... but admits raging boyfriend Ryan 'overreacted' 'She is gutted': Kate Moss, 43, 'is left pining for toyboy beau Count Nikolai von Bismarck, 30, as parents send him to the US for detox treatment' That one's not for the faint-hearted: Soap star pin-up Helen Flanagan displays her lithe figure in a barely-there pink bikini as she sizzles in Dubai Kim Kardashian's makeup artist reveals the major beauty blunders you're making that EVERYONE else notices - and says we should STOP contouring  Root of his happiness! Proud dad David Beckham looks on as youngest son Cruz, 12, bravely climbs a tree during fun trip to the park PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Sienna Miller flashes slender physique in TINY bikini during Cancun getaway Looked every inch the beach babe Pamela Anderson cuts a chic figure in a sophisticated dog-tooth dress as she flashes a smile while visiting her 'new love' Julian Assange WWE legend John Cena gets down on one knee and proposes to his girlfriend Nikki Bella in front of 70,000 fans at WrestleMania Ring in the ring 'I'm so proud of you': Steph Davis admits she has 'every faith' in ex Jeremy McConnell as she pens good luck message to him ahead of his stint in rehab Slacks And The City: Sarah Jessica Parker channels casual attire in ripped sweater and tracksuit bottoms as she swaps her Manolos for flats in LA What would Miranda say? Cynthia Nixon is worlds away from her sassy SATC alter-ego as she goes low-key to catch the Subway in NYC  'We've never been friends': Masterchef's John Torode reveals he doesn't socialise with co-host Gregg Wallace... despite being his best man last year Ouk-hellou boys! TOWIE's Yazmin flaunts her eye-popping cleavage in barely-there mini dress for date night with beau James Lock New girl on the scene 'Let's go walk this baby out!': Heavily pregnant Jenna Jameson displays her huge baby bump in skintight black mini dress as she waits for the tot's arrival Only got eyes for you! Leggy Kate Hudson enjoys a cosy brunch date with new boyfriend Danny Fujikawa Couldn't keep their eyes off each other Fergie teams fierce asymmetric logo dress with quirky red socks as she ups the glamour for Fashion Los Angeles Awards after-party Designer gear Mum's approval! Beaming Jennifer Lopez introduces her mother Guadalupe to beau Alex Rodriguez Things are getting serious!  'F*** me!': The Voice final descends into chaos as Tom Jones SWEARS on air and the stage is INVADED by a fan That IS unusual, Tom! Curvy Kelly Brook returns to Lorraine just a month after blasting her widely-panned and 'pointless' appearance on the daytime show Je n'ai regrette rien 'It's great to know how old I am': Hollywood legend Doris Day, 95, discovers she is TWO YEARS OLDER than she thought Came as a shock Why SHOULD I hide my new mum tum? Rebekah Vardy hits back at abusive trolls who called her 'fat and huge' after she gave birth Backstreet Boys send the crowd wild with Nineties pop nostalgia as they put on a larger than life performance at the Country Music Awards Ricky Hatton enjoys night out at fashion show in Manchester with Playboy model Carla Howe She's certainly a knockout Abi Titmuss, 41, reveals shock pregnancy... THREE WEEKS after announcing her engagement to actor fiancé Ari Welkom SPOILER ALERT: The Walking Dead loses a comrade who makes ultimate sacrifice during season seven finale... as embattled survivors prepare for war Miranda Hart describes her grief at losing her best friend to cancer aged 42 just weeks after the mother-of-one was told the disease had returned  Wayne Rooney prostitute Jenny Thompson shimmers in a leggy pink minidress as she's lifted up by a male pal outside fashion show bash Braless Chantelle Connelly shows off taut abs in barely-there bralet as she locks lips with busty ex Jemma Lucy at reality star-studded fashion show PICTURED: Surprise romance! Naya Rivera, 30, and David Spade, 52, canoodle in the pool on Hawaiian holiday as she moves on after divorce MIC's Lucy Watson shows off her envy-inducing figure as she joins beefcake beau James Dunmore in sizzling snaps from Maldives break Sheer booty! Kim Kardashian stuns in see-through gown and figure-hugging bodysuit at Fashion Los Angeles Awards Centre of attention Not so Fergalicious! Fergie has a style crisis in a bizarre ensemble at the Fashion Los Angeles Awards Not the most flattering ensemble Thigh's the limit! Hailey Baldwin dons kinky boots as she stuns at the Fashion Los Angeles Awards  Certainly looked boot-ilicious Tulisa looks effortlessly stylish as she teases a glimpse of her ample cleavage in a low-cut cream cami on a rare night out in London Sunday fun day 'I love me some Vicky McClure!' Thandie Newton reveals her girl crush on her Line of Duty co-star as she live tweets along with episode Step In Time! Emily Mortimer displays her fancy footwork as she performs song and dance number while filming Mary Poppins sequel in London Pink power! Rhian Sugden flaunts her enviably toned legs in chic shorts and crop top as she cosies up to fiancé Oliver Mellor for fashion show Lisa Rinna's stunning model daughters Amelia and Delilah Hamlin steal her red carpet spotlight at Fashion Los Angeles Awards The new Hadids Paris Jackson stuns in ornate mini-dress as she accepts Emerging Talent honour at the Fashion Los Angeles Awards She's in style The Sweetest Love! Robin Thicke, 40, and girlfriend April Love Geary, 22, pack on the PDA in Malibu as the model smoothers him with kisses in a clinch Zac Efron flexes his bulging bicep and showcases his intricate feather tattoo in steamy shirtless selfie as he makes the most of desert break to Dubai 'She's being harvested right now, with the radio on!' Chris Evans reveals his wife Natasha is undergoing IVF again - and says she's happy for him to talk about it 'Really feeling a hair change': Sarah Hyland is unrecognisable as she debuts her newly dyed honey blonde tresses Blonde bombshell Dunk it like Beckham! David is all smiles as he watches the LA Lakers win at Staples Center Seemed in high spirits as he watched the game from the sidelines Why does Kate dress like a woman TWICE her age? How the Duchess steals styles from 60-somethings Princess Anne and Camilla Duchess of Cambridge jetted out to Pippa's secret hen do in France as Prince William was wowing the locals with his 'dad dancing' 100 miles away in Verbier  Angels on Earth! Victoria's Secret beauties Stella Maxwell and Lily Aldridge flaunt their perfect forms at the Fashion Los Angeles Awards Cindy Crawford takes her lookalike kids Kaia and Presley to Fashion Los Angeles Awards as Yolanda Hadid is named Mother of the Year 'He's a f***ing p***k!': Tearful Megan McKenna slams ex Pete Wicks as she addresses cheating rumours on TOWIE Ended in tears for the couple So in love! Joe Jonas plants a kiss on girlfriend Sophie Turner during day out together in Los Angeles  Game of Thrones beauty looked smitten Kady McDermott shows off her killer body in sizzling pink latex dress as she joins beau Scott Thomas at fashion show in Manchester Nice to PV-C you! 'Another day at the office': Amber Heard fires a series of killer punches as she teases intense fight sequence in hotly-anticipated flick Aquaman 'It only gets worse. Melanie, Stephen I'm sorry': Kyle Sandilands apologises to Mel B and estranged husband Belafonte AGAIN after police gun raid Ruby Rose poses TOPLESS in striking shot by girlfriend Jessica Origliasso as two enjoy romantic getaway together Saucy trip Make-up free Mila Kunis steps out to run errands as husband Ashton Kutcher joins Paris Jackson at Fashion LA Awards  Stayed at home Ex TOWIE star Danielle Armstrong shows off her ample assets and toned stomach as she strips down to sporty lingerie for a sizzling selfie 'The gifts are never ending': Neil Patrick Harris celebrates 13 YEAR anniversary with David Burtka as he posts heartwarming snap 'And we are done': Brooklyn Beckham, 18, proudly shows off his first tattoo... as he chooses matching Native American inking to dad David Shining star! Nicole Kidman dazzles in glittering Alexander McQueen gown as she supports husband Keith Urban at the ACM Awards Couple goals! Faith Hill and Tim McGraw color coordinate at the ACM Awards... before sharing a passionate on stage kiss Still head over heels Hot metal! Carrie Underwood takes to the stage at the ACM Awards dressed in TWO shimmery metallic ensembles Metallic magic Wigging out! Nicki Minaj shows off extra long hair extensions at a fashion awards show in LA Super long locks at the event A place in the sun: Fifty Shades Darker star Dakota Johnson wears VERY skimpy red bikini while lounging on the beach in Miami Actress strolled along the beach Horsing around! Madonna shares video of son David show jumping as she enjoys family fun time  Proudly filmed her son's riding session Blue jean baby! Ashlee Simpson cuts a classic figure in distressed denim while out with Evan Ross and daughter Jagger Snow A matching set A Bloom(ing) surprise! Sam Faiers 'stunned' as Hollywood star Orlando 'grills her on TOWIE gossip' after she introduces herself at LA showbiz bash Countess Alexandra joins her ex-husband Prince Joachim of Denmark and his new wife to celebrate the former couple's son Felix's confirmation day 'Boom, I'm here': Apollo Nida's new girlfriend surprises Kandi Burruss at restaurant grand opening on RHOA Her former BFF's ex Cruel moment The Hangover actor brings a chained kangaroo on stage during a comedy act - but marsupial gets his revenge by PUNCHING him Sharing her secrets! Behati Prinsloo wiggles her hips and flaunts her post-baby body in sexy criss-cross swimsuit Showed off her trim middle Head Start to Home Cooked Get Recipes more SHARE PICTURE Copy link to paste in your message Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Network This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Contributors Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
Science BI Intelligence Events Trending Tech Insider Finance Politics Strategy Life Sports Video All × From To You have successfully emailed the post. × 
     

 A combination of cancer drugs work better together than on their own — but there's a catch Bill Berkrot, Reuters Apr. 3, 2017, 10:18 AM 793 facebook linkedin twitter email print A human melanoma cell line.Shutterstock April 3 (Reuters) - Patients with advanced melanoma who received Bristol-Myers Squibb's immunotherapies Opdivo and Yervoy had improved overall survival compared with those on Yervoy alone, with 64 percent on the combination therapy still alive after two years, according to data released on Monday. The combination therapy won approval to treat the deadliest form of skin cancer based on its ability to delay disease worsening, known as progression-free survival, with the condition that it ultimately helps patients live longer. Data presented at the American Association for Cancer Research meeting in Washington for the first time demonstrated that overall survival benefit. Prior to the introduction of these new drugs that help the immune system fight cancer, including Keytruda from Merck & Co , advanced melanoma was a short-term death sentence. The new drugs do come at a hefty price. The combination regimen used in the study costs about $145,200, Bristol said. In the 945-patient late stage trial, median overall survival for Yervoy, known chemically as ipilimumab, was 20 months. Median overall survival had not yet been reached for the combination or for Opdivo (nivolumab) alone, with a minimum follow-up of 28 months. After two years, 59 percent of those who got Opdivo alone were still alive, while 64 percent of patients in the combination group were alive. "This level of survival rate at two years is really unprecedented," said Fouad Namouni, Bristol's head of medical and oncology development. Put another way, the combination therapy reduced the risk of death 45 percent compared with Yervoy, the company said. No new safety issues turned up in the study, Bristol-Myers said. However, the rate of serious adverse side effects was 58 percent for the combination, 21 percent for Opdivo and 28 percent for Yervoy. "It is exciting to see that initial results suggest that the nivolumab plus ipilimumab combination provides favorable survival outcomes compared with ipilimumab alone," Dr. James Larkin, the study's lead investigator, said in a statement. The higher rate of severe side effects should be considered when making treatment decisions, he added. Bristol-Myers is looking to regain its standing in the burgeoning immuno-oncology field. It ceded its perceived lead to Merck last year, when Opdivo proved no better than chemotherapy as an initial treatment for advanced lung cancer, by far the biggest oncology market. Merck's Keytruda won approval as a first-line treatment for advanced non-small cell lung cancer. (Reporting by Bill Berkrot; Editing by Cynthia Osterman) Read the original article on Reuters. Copyright 2017. Follow Reuters on Twitter. More from Reuters: Prosecutor accuses Samsung chief of conspiring to hide millions of dollars in bribes (SSNLF) The world's largest tech fund is considering a $1 billion plus investment in WeWork Silicon Valley is financing the fight against Trump's immigration policy (BOX, NFLX, MSFT, AAPL) Samsung just recalled nearly 3 million washing machines because they might explode U.S. to meet target of admitting 10,000 Syrian refugees: White House SEE ALSO: Mylan is recalling EpiPens in the US NOW WATCH: Hackers and governments can see you through your phone’s camera — here’s how to protect yourself Loading video... More: Reuters Company News Cancer Immunotherapy Pharmaceutical Industry facebook linkedin twitter email print × Recommended For You Powered by Sailthru A combination of cancer drugs work better together than on their own — but there's a catch A combination of cancer drugs work better together than on their own — but there's a catch April 3 (Reuters) - Patients with advanced... Recommended For You Featured Foreign policy star Anne-Marie Slaughter: the 2 key lessons that helped me most in my career More "Idea Factory" » Craiglist's founder Craig Newmark on overcoming 'my suckage as a manager' More "Idea Factory" » Science Emails & Alerts Get the best of Business Insider delivered to your inbox every day. Sign-Up Get the Slide Deck from Henry Blodget's IGNITION Presentation on the Future of Digital     Read Business Insider On The Go Available on iOS or Android Find A Job Tech Jobs C-Level Jobs Media Jobs Design Jobs Finance Jobs Sales Jobs See All Jobs » Thanks to our partners Follow us on: Also check out: * Copyright © 2017 Business Insider Inc. All rights reserved. Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy. Disclaimer Commerce Policy Made in NYC Stock quotes by finanzen.net International Editions: UK DE AUS ID IN MY SG PL SE NL FR IT JP
We're Sorry eNCA does not support the browser you are using. Please update Internet Explorer to version 11 or higher, or download and install the Google Chrome browser No thanks I'll take my chances ... click here to view eNCA.com in this browser. 28 °C 15 °C Johannesburg, South Africa 30 °C 15 °C Pretoria, South Africa 23 °C 14 °C Cape Town, South Africa 32 °C 20 °C Durban, South Africa 29 °C 13 °C Mbombela, South Africa 31 °C 16 °C Bloemfontein, South Africa 29 °C 13 °C Polokwane, South Africa 24 °C 16 °C Port Elizabeth, South Africa 32 °C 19 °C East London, South Africa 38 °C 18 °C Upington, South Africa 31 °C 16 °C Mahikeng, South Africa Change City Johannesburg Pretoria Cape Town Durban Mbombela Bloemfontein Polokwane Port Elizabeth East London Upington Mahikeng Newsletters News Stream TV Guide Story ‘I will not betray our people,’ says Gigaba Story Understanding Judge Davis's dagga judgment Story Gordhan calls for mass mobilisation Top Stories Video Radio South Africa Africa World Money Sport Technology Life Opinion Weather Interviews Podcasts Comment Now! The cost of cancer: new drugs show success at a steep price Technology Monday 3 April 2017 - 1:16pm File: Express Scripts' Miller and others said makers of new cancer medications enjoy pricing power due to coverage requirements, insurance plan structure and a lack of head-to-head comparison studies. Photo: Wikimedia Commons WASHINGTON - Newer cancer drugs that enlist the body's immune system are improving the odds of survival, but competition between them is not reining in prices that can now top $250,000 (R3,4-million) a year. The drugs' success for patients is the result of big bets in cancer therapy made by Bristol-Myers Squibb Co, Merck & Co Inc and Roche Holding AG, among others in big pharma. The industry's pipeline of cancer drugs expanded by 63 percent between 2005 and 2015, according to the QuintilesIMS Institute, and a good number are reaching the market. READ: How Africa can win the fight against childhood cancer The global market for cancer immunotherapies alone is expected to grow more than fourfold globally to $75.8-billion by 2022 from $16.9-billion in 2015, according to research firm GlobalData. For a graphic, click http://tmsnrt.rs/2omboI1 "For cancer drugs in general ... it is hard for us to drive down cost," said Steve Miller, chief medical officer at Express Scripts Holding Co, the nation's largest manager of drug benefit plans for employers and insurers. "You don't want to be in the position of being told to use the second best cancer drug for your child." Lawmakers on both sides of the aisle, as well as President Donald Trump, have been grappling with how to restrain rising prescription drug costs. They have talked about solutions ranging from more price negotiation to faster approval of new drugs, often invoking increased competition between drugmakers. "Competition is key to lowering drug prices," Trump told pharmaceutical executives at an Oval Office meeting in January. But that is not happening with new drugs called checkpoint inhibitors that work by releasing a molecular brake, allowing the immune system to recognize and attack cancer cells the same way it fights infections caused by bacteria or viruses. For cancers like melanoma, the treatments can mean long-term survival for around 20 percent of patients. Bristol's Yervoy, first approved in 2011, targets a protein known as CTLA-4. Other immunotherapies, including Bristol's Opdivo, Keytruda from Merck, Roche's Tecentriq, and Pfizer Inc's Bavencio, involve a different protein called PD-1. Other targets are being explored. Some new data will be presented this week in Washington at the American Association for Cancer Research's annual meeting. Current checkpoint inhibitors each have a list price near $150,000 a year. A combination of Yervoy and Opdivo, approved by the Food and Drug Administration for advanced or inoperable melanoma, has a cost of $256,000 a year for patients who respond to the treatment. Similar immunotherapies are in development at companies like AstraZeneca Plc. Merck, which declined to comment on pricing plans, expects an FDA decision by May 10 on its combination of Keytruda and chemotherapy as an initial treatment for the most common form of lung cancer - by far the biggest market for cancer drugs. Pfizer said Bavencio, cleared by the FDA earlier this month to treat Merkel cell carcinoma, a rare type of skin cancer, has a price "comparable to other checkpoint inhibitors approved for different indications." The pharmaceutical industry holds that discussion of prescription drug prices has to take into account the major investment required for innovation and discovery of new lifesaving drugs. "Unrestrained pricing power" Scientic progress, and pricing power are driving pharmaceutical companies to emphasize oncology research. "Most of the strategy on the part of pharmaceutical companies assumes unrestrained pricing power," said Dr. Peter Bach, director of Memorial Sloan Kettering's Center for Health Policy Outcomes in New York. "We don't see evidence that companies are pursuing cost-effective strategies." Health insurers have had success in demanding price concessions in some drug categories - like diabetes, where several companies sell similar products and insurers are able to negotiate price discounts or rebates in exchange for coverage. According to IMS, that tactic capped the overall rise in spending on diabetes medicines at 8 percent in 2015, compared with an increase of 30 percent in billed invoices. All of the invoice price growth for insulin was offset by price cuts, the institute said. But discounting is much less common for newer, innovative cancer drugs, mostly given by injection and approved for defined patient populations. Net price growth for branded oncology drugs averaged 4.8 percent in 2015, versus 6.4 percent for invoices, according to IMS. Express Scripts' Miller and others said makers of new cancer medications enjoy pricing power due to coverage requirements, insurance plan structure and a lack of head-to-head comparison studies. "Cancer drugs don't compete on price," said Dr. Aaron Kesselheim, a researcher at Harvard Medical School and author of several studies of drug pricing. "Drug companies have market exclusivity and we require payers to cover cancer drugs - Medicare has six protected classes, including cancer." Medicare, the federal government's healthcare plan for seniors and the disabled, covers most prescription drugs under its "Part D" pharmacy benefits. The plans are required to cover all drugs in six classes: cancer, HIV, antidepressants, antispychotics, seizure disorders like epilepsy, and immune system suppressants for people undergoing organ transplantation. Trump met recently with Representatives Elijah Cummings and Peter Welch, both Democrats, to discuss draft legislation allowing the government to negotiate Medicare drug prices - but the bill preserves the six protected classes. In addition, drugs given by injection, including many cancer therapies, are covered under Medicare's main medical benefit. Bristol disappointed investors when it did not pursue accelerated FDA review of the Opdivo/Yervoy combination for newly-diagnosed lung cancer - putting Merck ahead in the lucrative lung cancer market. "All of the immunotherapies have similar price points," said Miller at Express Scripts. "When you stack therapies, it means more expense for patients and (health) plan sponsors." Reuters Comment Now! Discussion Policy Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. RELATED STORIES Hodgkin's lymphoma: an uncommon cancer that's easily missed in Africa 03 February 2017 The incidence of Hodgkin's lymphoma in Kenya isn't known, but new information is emerging to shed light on its prevalence. THE CONVERSATION AFRICA. Tell-tale signs of cancer, survivors promote awareness and hope 10 September 2016 It's Childhood Cancer Awareness month, and a group of survivors is taking to the streets of SA to promote awareness, especially the importance of early detection. Hope for liver cancer sufferers 08 July 2016 Ground breaking treatment gives hope to people with liver cancer. Trending 1S&P downgrades SA to junk status 2Earth tremor rocks parts of the country 3ANC leaders meet over Zumas cabinet reshuffle 4ANC Integrity Commission wants Zuma to resign 5Moodys fined: Agency admits to false credit ratings Full coverage Zuma reshuffles cabinet Rand slumps nearly 3% on downgrade The Trump Presidency Trump's son-in-law Kushner visits Iraq Treasury Troubles Markets still reeling after Treasury leadership change The Omar al-Bashir conundrum Sudan's President Bashir calls for establishment of African court View All Cartoon Currencies Commodities JSE Indices US Dollar 13.8468 -0.1552 GB Pound 17.2209 -0.1356 Euro 14.7569 -0.1619 View More Data delayed by at least 15 minutes. ICE Brent Crude $ 53.1 -0.97 Gold $ 1256.89 0.34 Platinum $ 954.5 0.05 View More Data delayed by at least 15 minutes. FTSE/JSE Top 40 45561.08 0 FTSE/JSE All Share 52457.75 0 FTSE/JSE Resource 10 32817.25 0 View More Data delayed by at least 15 minutes. SECTIONS Top Stories South Africa Africa World Money Sport Life Technology Opinion SHOWS #Africa Against All Odds CheckPoint eNCA Afrikaans eNCA isiZulu eNews Direct eShibobo Judge For Yourself Maggs on Media Meet the Media with Eusebius Mckasier Moneyline The Justice Factor Week In One ABOUT About Contact Jobs News Team Privacy Policy Press Releases Licensing Discussions Policy Advertise on eNCA.com WATCH US ON 24h Live Stream DSTV 403 e.tv africa eNews Direct eNuus Kyknet FOLLOW US ON Twitter Facebook Youtube RSS Feeds © 2016 eNews Channel Africa. All rights reserved NEWS STREAMclose View All News Stream 0 eNCA.com would like to send you push notifications. Notifications can be turned off any time in your browser settings. Yes, please. No, thanks. You have been registered for browser notifications Click here to find out how to turn notifcations off in browser settings. Close
Channel NewsAsia Return to Mobile Site Bristol-Myers immunotherapy combination extends survival in melanoma News TV Connect Watch Live 0 My Playlist Sign In Menu News Asia Pacific Singapore World Business Sport Entertainment Technology Health Lifestyle Videos Weather MORE Photos Special Reports Archives Services PSI Live Shows News Schedule Features On The Ground Specials Facebook Twitter Linkedin YouTube Mobile SMS eNews RSS Return to Mobile Site Health Bristol-Myers immunotherapy combination extends survival in melanoma Posted 03 Apr 2017 20:35 Email More A A REUTERS: Patients with advanced melanoma who received Bristol-Myers Squibb's immunotherapies Opdivo and Yervoy had improved overall survival compared with those on Yervoy alone, with 64 percent on the combination therapy still alive after two years, according to data released on Monday. The combination therapy won approval to treat the deadliest form of skin cancer based on its ability to delay disease worsening, known as progression-free survival, with the condition that it ultimately helps patients live longer. Data presented at the American Association for Cancer Research meeting in Washington for the first time demonstrated that overall survival benefit. Prior to the introduction of these new drugs that help the immune system fight cancer, including Keytruda from Merck & Co, advanced melanoma was a short-term death sentence. The new drugs do come at a hefty price. The combination regimen used in the study costs about US$145,200, Bristol said. In the 945-patient late stage trial, median overall survival for Yervoy, known chemically as ipilimumab, was 20 months. Median overall survival had not yet been reached for the combination or for Opdivo (nivolumab) alone, with a minimum follow-up of 28 months. After two years, 59 percent of those who got Opdivo alone were still alive, while 64 percent of patients in the combination group were alive. "This level of survival rate at two years is really unprecedented," said Fouad Namouni, Bristol's head of medical and oncology development. Put another way, the combination therapy reduced the risk of death 45 percent compared with Yervoy, the company said. No new safety issues turned up in the study, Bristol-Myers said. However, the rate of serious adverse side effects was 58 percent for the combination, 21 percent for Opdivo and 28 percent for Yervoy. "It is exciting to see that initial results suggest that the nivolumab plus ipilimumab combination provides favorable survival outcomes compared with ipilimumab alone," Dr. James Larkin, the study's lead investigator, said in a statement. The higher rate of severe side effects should be considered when making treatment decisions, he added. Bristol-Myers is looking to regain its standing in the burgeoning immuno-oncology field. It ceded its perceived lead to Merck last year, when Opdivo proved no better than chemotherapy as an initial treatment for advanced lung cancer, by far the biggest oncology market. Merck's Keytruda won approval as a first-line treatment for advanced non-small cell lung cancer. (Reporting by Bill Berkrot; Editing by Cynthia Osterman) - Reuters Email More YOU MAY ALSO LIKE From Our Website From the Web Happening Now new window view more My Facebook Friends Back To Top JUMP TO Select Section Asia Pacific Singapore World Business Sport Entertainment Technology Health Lifestyle Videos Weather Photos Special Reports Archives Services PSI Navigate to: News TV Connect Watch Live GET OUR APPS iPhone/iPad Android Get Our News Facebook Twitter Linkedin YouTube Mobile SMS eNews RSS News Asia Pacific World Sport Technology Lifestyle Photos Archives Singapore Business Entertainment Health Videos Special Reports TV Live News Schedule Shows Services Weather ADVERTISE WITH US Online Mobile TV Contact Sales Channel NewsAsia Channel News Asia About Us Coverage Hotel Partners Events & Seminars Presenters & Correspondents Contact Us Mediacorp Mediacorp News Group © 2017 About Mediacorp Pte Ltd Terms and Conditions Privacy Policy Back To Top
X Edition: India Business Business Home Economy Reuters Summits Deals Business Video Company Results & Outlooks Autos Markets Markets Home Stocks India Markets US Markets Currencies Commodities India Elections Top News India Insight Monsoon Top News Video World World Home South Asia Middle East Special Reports Reuters Investigates World Video Tech Technology Home Science Tech Video Innovation Commentary Commentary Home Expert Zone Breakingviews Breakingviews Home Breakingview Videos Money Money Home Stock Screener Fund Screener Sport & Life Sports Lifestyle Bollywood Entertainment Oddly Enough Health Arts Lifestyle Video Pictures Pictures Home The Wider Image Photographers Focus 360 Video The cost of cancer: new drugs show success at a steep price Africa América Latina عربي Argentina Brasil Canada 中国 Deutschland España France India Italia 日本 México РОССИЯ United Kingdom United States Health | Tue Apr 4, 2017 | 12:04am IST The cost of cancer: new drugs show success at a steep price A cancer cell (white) being attacked by two cytotoxic T cells (red), part of a natural immune response triggered by immunotherapy. REUTERS/NIH By Deena Beasley Newer cancer drugs that enlist the body's immune system are improving the odds of survival, but competition between them is not reining in prices that can now top $250,000 a year. The drugs' success for patients is the result of big bets in cancer therapy made by Bristol-Myers Squibb Co, Merck & Co Inc and Roche Holding AG, among others in big pharma. The industry's pipeline of cancer drugs expanded by 63 percent between 2005 and 2015, according to the QuintilesIMS Institute, and a good number are reaching the market. The global market for cancer immunotherapies alone is expected to grow more than fourfold globally to $75.8 billion by 2022 from $16.9 billion in 2015, according to research firm GlobalData. For a graphic, click tmsnrt.rs/2omboI1 "For cancer drugs in general ... it is hard for us to drive down cost," said Steve Miller, chief medical officer at Express Scripts Holding Co, the nation's largest manager of drug benefit plans for employers and insurers. "You don't want to be in the position of being told to use the second best cancer drug for your child." Lawmakers on both sides of the aisle, as well as President Donald Trump, have been grappling with how to restrain rising prescription drug costs. They have talked about solutions ranging from more price negotiation to faster approval of new drugs, often invoking increased competition between drugmakers. "Competition is key to lowering drug prices," Trump told pharmaceutical executives at an Oval Office meeting in January. But that is not happening with new drugs called checkpoint inhibitors that work by releasing a molecular brake, allowing the immune system to recognize and attack cancer cells the same way it fights infections caused by bacteria or viruses. For cancers like melanoma, the treatments can mean long-term survival for around 20 percent of patients. Bristol's Yervoy, first approved in 2011, targets a protein known as CTLA-4. Other immunotherapies, including Bristol's Opdivo, Keytruda from Merck, Roche's Tecentriq, and Pfizer Inc's Bavencio, involve a different protein called PD-1. Other targets are being explored. Some new data will be presented this week in Washington at the American Association for Cancer Research's annual meeting. Current checkpoint inhibitors each have a list price near $150,000 a year. A combination of Yervoy and Opdivo, approved by the Food and Drug Administration for advanced or inoperable melanoma, has a cost of $256,000 a year for patients who respond to the treatment. Similar immunotherapies are in development at companies like AstraZeneca Plc. Merck, which declined to comment on pricing plans, expects an FDA decision by May 10 on its combination of Keytruda and chemotherapy as an initial treatment for the most common form of lung cancer - by far the biggest market for cancer drugs. Pfizer said Bavencio, cleared by the FDA earlier this month to treat Merkel cell carcinoma, a rare type of skin cancer, has a price "comparable to other checkpoint inhibitors approved for different indications." The pharmaceutical industry holds that discussion of prescription drug prices has to take into account the major investment required for innovation and discovery of new lifesaving drugs. "UNRESTRAINED PRICING POWER" Scientific progress, and pricing power, are driving pharmaceutical companies to emphasize oncology research. "Most of the strategy on the part of pharmaceutical companies assumes unrestrained pricing power," said Dr. Peter Bach, director of Memorial Sloan Kettering's Center for Health Policy Outcomes in New York. "We don't see evidence that companies are pursuing cost-effective strategies." Health insurers have had success in demanding price concessions in some drug categories - like diabetes, where several companies sell similar products and insurers are able to negotiate price discounts or rebates in exchange for coverage. According to IMS, that tactic capped the overall rise in spending on diabetes medicines at 8 percent in 2015, compared with an increase of 30 percent in billed invoices. All of the invoice price growth for insulin was offset by price cuts, the institute said. But discounting is much less common for newer, innovative cancer drugs, mostly given by injection and approved for defined patient populations. Net price growth for branded oncology drugs averaged 4.8 percent in 2015, versus 6.4 percent for invoices, according to IMS. Express Scripts' Miller and others said makers of new cancer medications enjoy pricing power due to coverage requirements, insurance plan structure and a lack of head-to-head comparison studies. "Cancer drugs don't compete on price," said Dr. Aaron Kesselheim, a researcher at Harvard Medical School and author of several studies of drug pricing. "Drug companies have market exclusivity and we require payers to cover cancer drugs - Medicare has six protected classes, including cancer." Medicare, the federal government's healthcare plan for seniors and the disabled, covers most prescription drugs under its "Part D" pharmacy benefits. The plans are required to cover all drugs in six classes: cancer, HIV, antidepressants, antispychotics, seizure disorders like epilepsy, and immune system suppressants for people undergoing organ transplantation. Trump met recently with Representatives Elijah Cummings and Peter Welch, both Democrats, to discuss draft legislation allowing the government to negotiate Medicare drug prices - but the bill preserves the six protected classes. In addition, drugs given by injection, including many cancer therapies, are covered under Medicare's main medical benefit. Bristol disappointed investors when it did not pursue accelerated FDA review of the Opdivo/Yervoy combination for newly-diagnosed lung cancer - putting Merck ahead in the lucrative lung cancer market. "All of the immunotherapies have similar price points," said Miller at Express Scripts. "When you stack therapies, it means more expense for patients and (health) plan sponsors." (Editing by Edward Tobin) Next In Health Mylan hit with new class action lawsuit over EpiPen pricing Mylan NV has been hit with a new proposed class action lawsuit over the price of its EpiPen allergy treatment, which shot up to more than $600 for a two-pack of the device from less than $100 in 2007. Kansas House fails in attempt to override Medicaid veto Lawmakers in Kansas on Monday failed to override Republican Governor Sam Brownback's veto of a bill expanding eligibility for Medicaid for the poor under the federal Affordable Care Act (ACA). Teva wins FDA approval for Huntington's drug Israel-based Teva Pharmaceutical Industries Ltd said the U.S. Food and Drug Administration had approved its drug to treat chorea stemming from Huntington's disease, a fatal degenerative disorder. MORE FROM REUTERS Sponsored Content From Around the WebPromoted by Revcontent Trending Stories Editor's Pick Under pressure, Snapdeal woos staff with promises of profit Sponsored Topics X Follow Reuters: Follow Us On Twitter Follow Us On Facebook RSS Follow Us On LinkedIn Subscribe: Newsletters | Apps Reuters News Agency | Brand Attribution Guidelines | Careers Reuters is the news and media division of Thomson Reuters. Thomson Reuters is the world's largest international multimedia news agency, providing investing news, world news, business news, technology news, headline news, small business news, news alerts, personal finance, stock market, and mutual funds information available on Reuters.com, video, mobile, and interactive television platforms. Learn more about Thomson Reuters products: Eikon Information, analytics and exclusive news on financial markets - delivered in an intuitive desktop and mobile interface Elektron Everything you need to empower your workflow and enhance your enterprise data management World-Check Screen for heightened risk individual and entities globally to help uncover hidden risks in business relationships and human networks Westlaw Build the strongest argument relying on authoritative content, attorney-editor expertise, and industry defining technology ONESOURCE The most comprehensive solution to manage all your complex and ever-expanding tax and compliance needs CHECKPOINT The industry leader for online information for tax, accounting and finance professionals All quotes delayed a minimum of 15 minutes. See here for a complete list of exchanges and delays. Site Feedback Corrections Advertising Guidelines Cookies Terms of Use Privacy Policy
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 3 April 2017 by Military News MilliporeSigma Introduces Next-Generation High-Sensitivity Protein Detection Platform - New SMCxPRO™ technology offers high speed, high sensitivity for single molecule detection - Meets customer demand for biomarker and novel target discovery and detection BILLERICA, Mass., April 3, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- MilliporeSigma today announced the launch of its newest high-sensitivity detection platform, SMCxPRO™ technology, at the American Association for Cancer Research Annual Meeting in Washington, D.C.  The SMCxPRO™ platform allows researchers to detect and quantify low-abundance biomarkers that traditional methods cannot measure. The instrument features a high-sensitivity detection system, with speed and accuracy, in a compact design. It will be available in Q3 of 2017. "MilliporeSigma's newest innovation, SMCxPRO™ technology, is part of a suite of tools for detecting and characterizing, accelerating drug discovery and improving overall lab productivity," said Jason Apter, Head of Research Solutions Strategic Marketing & Innovation at MilliporeSigma. "Detection of low-abundance biomarkers allows for quantitation of a new class of novel targets. We are committed to empowering researchers by providing the technologies needed to accelerate advancements in healthcare." Along with the new SMCxPRO™ technology, MilliporeSigma offers a wide range of solutions for biomarker discovery and novel target identification including its recently released Sanger CRISPR libraries that expand the company's suite of gene editing tools. AACR attendees are encouraged to visit booth #931 to learn more about MilliporeSigma's products and to speak with company experts. Follow us on twitter @MilliporeSigma. All Merck KGaA, Darmstadt, Germany news releases are distributed by email at the same time they become available on the EMD Group website. In case you are a resident of the U.S. or Canada please go to www.emdgroup.com/subscribe to register again for your online subscription of this service as our newly introduced geo-targeting requires new links in the email. You may later change your selection or discontinue this service. About the Life Science Business of Merck KGaA, Darmstadt, Germany The life science business of Merck KGaA, Darmstadt, Germany, which operates as MilliporeSigma in the U.S. and Canada, has 19,000 employees and 65 manufacturing sites worldwide, with a portfolio of more than 300,000 products enabling scientific discovery. Udit Batra is the global chief executive officer of MilliporeSigma. Merck KGaA, Darmstadt, Germany completed its $17 billion acquisition of Sigma-Aldrich in November 2015, creating a leader in the $125 billion global life science industry. Merck KGaA, Darmstadt, Germany is a leading company for innovative and top-quality high-tech products in healthcare, life science and performance materials. The company has six businesses – Biopharmaceuticals, Consumer Health, Allergopharma, Biosimilars, Life Science and Performance Materials – and generated sales of €12.85 billion in 2015. Around 50,000 employees work in 66 countries to improve the quality of life for patients, to foster the success of customers and to help meet global challenges. Merck KGaA, Darmstadt, Germany is the world's oldest pharmaceutical and chemical company – since 1668, the company has stood for innovation, business success and responsible entrepreneurship. Holding an approximately 70 percent interest, the founding family remains the majority owner of the company to this day. The company holds the global rights to the name and the trademark "Merck" internationally except for the United States and Canada, where the company operates as EMD Serono, MilliporeSigma and EMD Performance Materials. SOURCE MilliporeSigma CategoriesUncategorized TagsHealth Care/Hospitals, Medical Equipment, Medical/Pharmaceuticals, New Products/Services, Tradeshow News Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Europe Methyl-2-cyanoacrylate Market Dynamics, Forecasts to 2021, Sales and Revenue Analysis Report Next PostNext CultureSummit 2017 Abu Dhabi Will Convene 300 Leaders From More Than 80 Countries Search Recent Posts Healthcare CRM Market | Global Industry Analysis and Opportunity Assessment 2015-2022 Global Sports and Fitness Wear Sales Market 2017 – Adidas, Nike, Puma, Under Armour, VF Clinical Chemistry Analyzers Market To Be Driven By Increasing Prevalence Of Chronic Diseases Such As Diabetes Till 2025: Grand View Research, Inc. Digital Glass Military Aircraft Cockpit Systems Market Potential and Niche Segments, Geographical regions and Trends 2026 Vascular Access Systems Market Segmentation, Industry trends and Development to 2026 Business Contacts Business Directory Proudly powered by WordPress
X Edition: United States Business Business Home Legal Deals Aerospace & Defense Finance Autos Reuters Summits ADventures Data Dive Markets Markets Home U.S. Markets European Markets Asian Markets Global Market Data Stocks Bonds Currencies Commodities Futures Funds Earnings Dividends World World Home U.S. Special Reports Reuters Investigates Euro Zone Middle East China Japan Mexico Brazil Africa Russia India Politics Politics Home Polling Explorer Live: Trump's First 100 Days Supreme Court Tech Technology Home Science Top 100 Global Innovators Media Environment Innovation Commentary Commentary Home Podcasts Breakingviews Breakingviews Home Breakingviews Video Money Money Home Retirement Lipper Awards Analyst Research Stock Screener Fund Screener Life Health Sports Arts Entertainment Oddly Enough Pictures Pictures Home The Wider Image Photographers Focus 360 Video RPT-The cost of cancer: new drugs show success at a steep price Africa América Latina عربي Argentina Brasil Canada 中国 Deutschland España France India Italia 日本 México РОССИЯ United Kingdom United States Market News | Mon Apr 3, 2017 | 7:00am EDT RPT-The cost of cancer: new drugs show success at a steep price (Repeats to additional customers with no changes to text) By Deena Beasley April 3 Newer cancer drugs that enlist the body's immune system are improving the odds of survival, but competition between them is not reining in prices that can now top $250,000 a year. The drugs' success for patients is the result of big bets in cancer therapy made by Bristol-Myers Squibb Co, Merck & Co Inc and Roche Holding AG, among others in big pharma. The industry's pipeline of cancer drugs expanded by 63 percent between 2005 and 2015, according to the QuintilesIMS Institute, and a good number are reaching the market. The global market for cancer immunotherapies alone is expected to grow more than fourfold globally to $75.8 billion by 2022 from $16.9 billion in 2015, according to research firm GlobalData. For a graphic, click tmsnrt.rs/2omboI1 "For cancer drugs in general ... it is hard for us to drive down cost," said Steve Miller, chief medical officer at Express Scripts Holding Co, the nation's largest manager of drug benefit plans for employers and insurers. "You don't want to be in the position of being told to use the second best cancer drug for your child." Lawmakers on both sides of the aisle, as well as President Donald Trump, have been grappling with how to restrain rising prescription drug costs. They have talked about solutions ranging from more price negotiation to faster approval of new drugs, often invoking increased competition between drugmakers. "Competition is key to lowering drug prices," Trump told pharmaceutical executives at an Oval Office meeting in January. But that is not happening with new drugs called checkpoint inhibitors that work by releasing a molecular brake, allowing the immune system to recognize and attack cancer cells the same way it fights infections caused by bacteria or viruses. For cancers like melanoma, the treatments can mean long-term survival for around 20 percent of patients. Bristol's Yervoy, first approved in 2011, targets a protein known as CTLA-4. Other immunotherapies, including Bristol's Opdivo, Keytruda from Merck, Roche's Tecentriq, and Pfizer Inc's Bavencio, involve a different protein called PD-1. Other targets are being explored. Some new data will be presented this week in Washington at the American Association for Cancer Research's annual meeting. Current checkpoint inhibitors each have a list price near $150,000 a year. A combination of Yervoy and Opdivo, approved by the Food and Drug Administration for advanced or inoperable melanoma, has a cost of $256,000 a year for patients who respond to the treatment. Similar immunotherapies are in development at companies like AstraZeneca Plc. Merck, which declined to comment on pricing plans, expects an FDA decision by May 10 on its combination of Keytruda and chemotherapy as an initial treatment for the most common form of lung cancer - by far the biggest market for cancer drugs. Pfizer said Bavencio, cleared by the FDA earlier this month to treat Merkel cell carcinoma, a rare type of skin cancer, has a price "comparable to other checkpoint inhibitors approved for different indications." The pharmaceutical industry holds that discussion of prescription drug prices has to take into account the major investment required for innovation and discovery of new lifesaving drugs. "UNRESTRAINED PRICING POWER" Scientific progress, and pricing power, are driving pharmaceutical companies to emphasize oncology research. "Most of the strategy on the part of pharmaceutical companies assumes unrestrained pricing power," said Dr. Peter Bach, director of Memorial Sloan Kettering's Center for Health Policy Outcomes in New York. "We don't see evidence that companies are pursuing cost-effective strategies." Health insurers have had success in demanding price concessions in some drug categories - like diabetes, where several companies sell similar products and insurers are able to negotiate price discounts or rebates in exchange for coverage. According to IMS, that tactic capped the overall rise in spending on diabetes medicines at 8 percent in 2015, compared with an increase of 30 percent in billed invoices. All of the invoice price growth for insulin was offset by price cuts, the institute said. But discounting is much less common for newer, innovative cancer drugs, mostly given by injection and approved for defined patient populations. Net price growth for branded oncology drugs averaged 4.8 percent in 2015, versus 6.4 percent for invoices, according to IMS. Express Scripts' Miller and others said makers of new cancer medications enjoy pricing power due to coverage requirements, insurance plan structure and a lack of head-to-head comparison studies. "Cancer drugs don't compete on price," said Dr. Aaron Kesselheim, a researcher at Harvard Medical School and author of several studies of drug pricing. "Drug companies have market exclusivity and we require payers to cover cancer drugs - Medicare has six protected classes, including cancer." Medicare, the federal government's healthcare plan for seniors and the disabled, covers most prescription drugs under its "Part D" pharmacy benefits. The plans are required to cover all drugs in six classes: cancer, HIV, antidepressants, antispychotics, seizure disorders like epilepsy, and immune system suppressants for people undergoing organ transplantation. Trump met recently with Representatives Elijah Cummings and Peter Welch, both Democrats, to discuss draft legislation allowing the government to negotiate Medicare drug prices - but the bill preserves the six protected classes. In addition, drugs given by injection, including many cancer therapies, are covered under Medicare's main medical benefit. Bristol disappointed investors when it did not pursue accelerated FDA review of the Opdivo/Yervoy combination for newly-diagnosed lung cancer - putting Merck ahead in the lucrative lung cancer market. "All of the immunotherapies have similar price points," said Miller at Express Scripts. "When you stack therapies, it means more expense for patients and (health) plan sponsors." (Editing by Edward Tobin) Next In Market News BRIEF-Evolution Gaming Group to build Canadian studio * TO BUILD A NEW LIVE CASINO STUDIO IN METRO VANCOUVER AREA OF BRITISH COLUMBIA, ITS FIRST OUTSIDE OF EUROPE RPT-After Cyclone Debbie, China replaces Australian coal with U.S. cargoes * Debbie knocked out 11.5 mln tonnes of metallurgical coal - Noble MORE FROM REUTERS Sponsored Content From Around the WebPromoted by Revcontent Trending Stories Pictures Photos of the day Sponsored Topics X Follow Reuters: Follow Us On Twitter Follow Us On Facebook Follow Us On RSS Follow Us On Instagram Follow Us On YouTube Follow Us On LinkedIn Subscribe: Feeds | Newsletters | Podcasts | Apps Reuters News Agency | Brand Attribution Guidelines | Careers Reuters is the news and media division of Thomson Reuters. Thomson Reuters is the world's largest international multimedia news agency, providing investing news, world news, business news, technology news, headline news, small business news, news alerts, personal finance, stock market, and mutual funds information available on Reuters.com, video, mobile, and interactive television platforms. Learn more about Thomson Reuters products: Eikon Information, analytics and exclusive news on financial markets - delivered in an intuitive desktop and mobile interface Elektron Everything you need to empower your workflow and enhance your enterprise data management World-Check Screen for heightened risk individual and entities globally to help uncover hidden risks in business relationships and human networks Westlaw Build the strongest argument relying on authoritative content, attorney-editor expertise, and industry defining technology ONESOURCE The most comprehensive solution to manage all your complex and ever-expanding tax and compliance needs CHECKPOINT The industry leader for online information for tax, accounting and finance professionals All quotes delayed a minimum of 15 minutes. See here for a complete list of exchanges and delays. Site Feedback Corrections Advertising Guidelines Cookies Terms of Use Privacy Policy
Contact Us Journalists Blog Log In Sign Up Send a Release News Solutions Resources Search News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News dansk Deutsch español Français italiano Nederlands norsk português suomeksi svenska Non-small Cell Lung Cancer Therapeutics Market Worth $12.2 Billion by 2025: Grand View Research, Inc. News provided by Grand View Research, Inc. Apr 03, 2017, 05:30 ET Share this article SAN FRANCISCO, April 3, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- The global non-small cell lung cancer therapeutics market is expected to reach a value of USD 12.2 billion by 2025, based on a new report by Grand View Research, Inc. The non-small cell cancer therapeutics (NSCLC) market is anticipated to witness significant growth during the forecast period. This can be attributed to the high investment by market players in the research and development of lung cancer therapy, presence of a rich pipeline, and increasing penetration of drugs during the forecast period. Grand View Research Logo      (Logo: http://photos.prnewswire.com/prnh/20150105/723757 ) Introduction of several drugs in various geographical regions is likely to drive the market during the forecast period. For instance, in October 2016, the FDA granted Breakthrough Therapy Designation to Alecensa (alectinib), a drug developed by Genentech to treat ALK-positive NSCLC as a first-line treatment. The drug has been approved in the U.S., Japan, Canada, Hong Kong, South Korea, Kuwait, and Israel. Presence of a strong pipeline of drugs for non-small cell lung cancer helps propel the market during the forecast period. Bristol-Myers Squibb Company, Orion Corporation, Merck KGaA, AstraZeneca, F. Hoffmann-La Roche Ltd, and Pfizer, Inc. have major molecules in the pipeline. Browse full research report with TOC on "Non-small Cell Lung Cancer (NSCLC) Therapeutics Market Analysis By Drug (Alimta, Iressa, Avastin, Tarceva, Zykadia, Tagrisso, Xalkori, Cyramza, Opdivo, Alecensa), By Region (North America, Europe, Asia Pacific, Latin America, MEA), And Segment Forecasts, 2014 - 2025" at: http://www.grandviewresearch.com/industry-analysis/non-small-cell-lung-cancer-nsclc-therapeutics-market Further key findings from the report suggest:  By drug, Alimta accounted for the highest share in 2015. However, it is expected to witness decline in its share during the forecast period. Alecensa (alectinib) is expected to grow at the highest rate during the forecast period. This is majorly attributed to the clinical benefit of the drug to treat ALK-positive NSCLC. Alecensa is expected to be a competitor to Pfizer's Xalkori and Merck's Keytruda during the forecast period. A superior progression-free survival rate of Alecensa was observed in the clinical trials as compared to Crizotinib. Geographically, North America dominated the overall industry in 2015. This is due to the early entry of drugs in the market, increased adoption of new treatment, and high cost of the drug. It is expected that North America would maintain its dominance during the forecast period and grow with the highest rate over the coming years due to expected entry of new drugs. Several players are operating in the industry. Geographical penetration and development of innovative & effective drugs are the key strategies of the players to increase their share. Some of the key players are GlaxoSmithKline (GSK) Plc., Novartis AG, AstraZeneca, F. Hoffmann-La Roche AG, Bristol-Myers Squibb, Pfizer Inc., Eli Lilly & Company, and Sanofi. Browse related reports by Grand View Research:  Medical Imaging Reagents Market - http://www.grandviewresearch.com/industry-analysis/medical-imaging-reagents-market Hospital Acquired Disease Testing Market - http://www.grandviewresearch.com/industry-analysis/hospital-acquired-disease-testing-market Protein Engineering Market - http://www.grandviewresearch.com/industry-analysis/protein-engineering-market Coronary Artery Bypass Graft Devices Market - http://www.grandviewresearch.com/industry-analysis/coronary-artery-bypass-graft-devices-market Grand View Research has segmented the non-small cell lung cancer therapeutics market by drug and region:  Non-small Cell Lung Cancer Therapeutics Market Drug Outlook (Market Revenue in USD Million, 2014 - 2025)  Alimta Iressa Avastin Tarceva Zykadia Tagrisso Xalkori Cyramza Opdivo Alecensa Non-small Cell Lung Cancer Therapeutics Market Regional Outlook (Market Revenue in USD Million, 2014 - 2025)  North America U.S. Canada Europe UK Germany Asia Pacific Japan China Latin America Brazil Mexico Middle East and Africa South Africa Read Our Blog: Non-small Cell Lung Cancer Therapeutics Market: Recent Commercialization of Various Drugs and Expected Launch of Pipeline Drugs to Propel the Market by 2025 About Grand View Research  Grand View Research, Inc. is a U.S. based market research and consulting company, registered in the State of California and headquartered in San Francisco. The company provides syndicated research reports, customized research reports, and consulting services. To help clients make informed business decisions, we offer market intelligence studies ensuring relevant and fact-based research across a range of industries, from technology to chemicals, materials and healthcare. Contact: Sherry James Corporate Sales Specialist, USA Grand View Research, Inc Phone: 1-415-349-0058 Toll Free: 1-888-202-9519 Email: sales@grandviewresearch.com Web: http://www.grandviewresearch.com SOURCE Grand View Research, Inc. Apr 03, 2017, 06:00 ET Preview: Phototherapy Equipment Market Size to Reach $788.7 Million by 2025: Grand View Research, Inc. Apr 03, 2017, 05:00 ET Preview: Fetal and Neonatal Care Equipment Market Worth $12.7 Billion by 2025: Grand View Research, Inc. My News Release contains wide tables. View fullscreen. Also from this source Apr 03, 2017, 07:30 ETWafer And IC Shipping and Handling Market Worth $14.16 Billion by... Apr 03, 2017, 07:00 ETReflective Materials Market Worth $31.14 Billion By 2025 | CAGR:... Explore More news releases in similar topics Health Care & Hospitals Medical Pharmaceuticals Surveys, Polls and Research You just read: Non-small Cell Lung Cancer Therapeutics Market Worth $12.2 Billion by 2025: Grand View Research, Inc. News provided by Grand View Research, Inc. Apr 03, 2017, 05:30 ET Share this article Looking to send a news release with PR Newswire? Take advantage of the world's leading distribution platform. Sign up to get started Request more information Have an account? Log In Phone 8AM - 10PM ET +1-888-776-0942 Send a Release Sign Up Blog For Journalists Contact Us Search Searching for your content... Advanced Search Contact PR Newswire 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Contact Us General Inquiries Request a Demo Editorial Bureaus Partnerships Media Inquiries Worldwide Offices Solutions Cision Communications Cloud™ For Marketers For Public Relations For IR & Compliance For Agency For Small Business All Products About About PR Newswire About Cision Become a Publishing Partner Become a Channel Partner Careers   Global Sites Asia Brazil Canada Europe Finland France India Israel Mexico Middle East Netherlands Sweden United Kingdom My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Terms of Use Privacy Policy Information Security Policy Statement Site Map RSS Feeds Copyright © 2017 PR Newswire Association LLC. All Rights Reserved. A Cision company. News Solutions Resources News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News dansk Deutsch español Français italiano Nederlands norsk português suomeksi svenska Phone +1-888-776-0942 8AM - 10PM ET Chat All contact info Send a ReleaseLog In
Tumor Immunoprofiling: HISTALIM Launches HISTOPROFILE (Photo: HISTALIM) Download Full Size Small Preview Thumbnail ???pagination.previous??? ???pagination.next??? (Photo: HISTALIM) Full Size Small Preview Thumbnail Full Size Small Preview Thumbnail April 03, 2017 05:00 AM Eastern Daylight Time MONTPELLIER, France--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Recent clinical data confirm the importance of patient stratification in the development of cancer immunotherapies. For instance Merck’success with Keytruda (Pembrolizumab, anti PDL-1) in lung cancer demonstrates that the patient screening according to the ligand overexpression of the therapeutic target is a winning strategy in immuno-oncology. Though the pertinence of personalized medicine in oncology cannot be argued, one must also consider that the reactivation of the immune system against tumors engage subtle and complex mechanisms, which can be more efficient when multiple pathways are simultaneously activated. This opinion is commonly shared by many researchers in immuno-oncology who engage clinical trials combining therapies against several targets. If clinical results confirm the relevance of this approach, it will be necessary to qualify patients on the basis of multiple biomarkers. Given the fact that a biopsy can only be used on a few histological slides, an obvious conclusion arises: it becomes urgent to extract several markers from a single slide. Positive progress of liquid biopsy and molecular biology could potentially address this issue. But these solutions do not allow to localize the marker, which is sometimes required. To get more precise information on the tumor microenvironment, the protein expression is not enough: associated morphologic information needs to be known. Nowadays several clinical trials in immuno-oncology rely on multiplex immunohistochemistry to use a sufficient number of markers despite the scarcity of biological material. It can be anticipated that the routine histopathologic diagnostic will integrate multiplex analysis of markers so that pathologist can try this new challenge: characterize tumor immune profile from a single biopsy. Cultural and technological barriers will have to be removed in order to let histopathology progress as fast as the innovations in immuno-oncology. For instance fluorescence revelation is not commonly used by the pathologists. Complex multiplex IHC staining require slide scanners compatible with multispectral imaging, which is not widely spread. Then the volume of data processed from multiplex staining will require to use image analysis solutions able to facilitate the pathologist’s diagnostic. This is a new paradigm for histopathology which is evolving toward a more subtle science than it was already, being source of “rich-data” for the treatment of patients. This new generation histopathology, led by “augmented pathologists” and able to define the tumor immune profile from one single biopsy, is developed by HISTALIM under the brand named HISTOPROFILE. Contacts HISTALIM: Press contact: Jean-Philippe Coton, +33619646737 CEO contact@histalim.com Release Summary Tumor immuno profiling : HISTALIM launches HISTOPROFILE. #Hashtags #AACR17 #MultiplexIHC Social Media Profiles HISTALIM on Twitter HISTALIM on LinkedIn HISTALIM on Youtube Contacts HISTALIM: Press contact: Jean-Philippe Coton, +33619646737 CEO contact@histalim.com Site Navigation Home Home Submit a Press Release Services News All News News with Multimedia News by Industry News by Subject News by Language Tradeshows & Events Earnings & Conference Calls Education Overview Distribution & Media Media & Journalist Tools Sample Press Release FAQ Find Your News Online How-to Disclosure Resources About Us Overview Become a Member Contact Us Follow Us Jobs Business Wire Newsroom Business Wire Events Search Advanced News Search Advanced News Search Log In Sign Up Follow Us Twitter LinkedIn Google+ More from Business Wire Blog Apps UK/Ireland Deutschland France Hong Kong Italy Japan EON: Enhanced Online News Tradeshownews.com PYMNTS.com Business Wire Information Contact Us Privacy Statement Terms of Use © 2017 Business Wire, Inc.
e-paper India Follow us: Today in New Delhi, India Apr 03, 2017-Monday -°C New Delhi Humidity - Wind - select city Metro cities - Delhi Mumbai Chennai Kolkata Other cities - Noida Gurgaon Bengaluru Hyderabad Bhopal Chandigarh Dehradun Indore Jaipur Lucknow Patna Ranchi Powered by Close india world cities opinion cricket sports entertainment lifestyle business tech education whatnow photos videos jaago re IPL in Days Livemint Livehindustan Shine HTcampus Mycollegesabroad Desimartini There is cure for cancer, but it will cost more than $2,50,000 a year business Updated: Apr 03, 2017 14:12 IST Reuters Reuters Chemotherapists prepare their research using the Drugcam system's cameras, which detects and reports the slightest error at a laboratory in La Rochelle on March 17, 2017. The unique process was developed in the city of La Rochelle allowing the hospital to use a system for securing chemotherapy preparations. / AFP PHOTO / Xavier LEOTY(AFP) Newer cancer drugs that enlist the body’s immune system are improving the odds of survival, but competition between them is not reining in prices that can now top $250,000 a year. The drugs’ success for patients is the result of big bets in cancer therapy made by Bristol-Myers Squibb Co, Merck & Co Inc and Roche Holding AG, among others in big pharma. The industry’s pipeline of cancer drugs expanded by 63 percent between 2005 and 2015, according to the QuintilesIMS Institute, and a good number are reaching the market. The global market for cancer immunotherapies alone is expected to grow more than fourfold globally to $75.8 billion by 2022 from $16.9 billion in 2015, according to research firm GlobalData. For a graphic, click http://tmsnrt.rs/2omboI1 “For cancer drugs in general ... it is hard for us to drive down cost,” said Steve Miller, chief medical officer at Express Scripts Holding Co, the nation’s largest manager of drug benefit plans for employers and insurers. “You don’t want to be in the position of being told to use the second best cancer drug for your child.” Lawmakers on both sides of the aisle, as well as President Donald Trump, have been grappling with how to restrain rising prescription drug costs. They have talked about solutions ranging from more price negotiation to faster approval of new drugs, often invoking increased competition between drugmakers. “Competition is key to lowering drug prices,” Trump told pharmaceutical executives at an Oval Office meeting in January. But that is not happening with new drugs called checkpoint inhibitors that work by releasing a molecular brake, allowing the immune system to recognize and attack cancer cells the same way it fights infections caused by bacteria or viruses. For cancers like melanoma, the treatments can mean long-term survival for around 20 percent of patients [L2N18F2CT]. Bristol’s Yervoy, first approved in 2011, targets a protein known as CTLA-4. Other immunotherapies, including Bristol’s Opdivo, Keytruda from Merck, Roche’s Tecentriq, and Pfizer Inc’s Bavencio, involve a different protein called PD-1. Other targets are being explored. Some new data will be presented this week in Washington at the American Association for Cancer Research’s annual meeting. Current checkpoint inhibitors each have a list price near $150,000 a year. A combination of Yervoy and Opdivo, approved by the Food and Drug Administration for advanced or inoperable melanoma, has a cost of $256,000 a year for patients who respond to the treatment. Similar immunotherapies are in development at companies like AstraZeneca Plc. Merck, which declined to comment on pricing plans, expects an FDA decision by May 10 on its combination of Keytruda and chemotherapy as an initial treatment for the most common form of lung cancer - by far the biggest market for cancer drugs [L1N1F10WJ]. Pfizer said Bavencio, cleared by the FDA earlier this month to treat Merkel cell carcinoma, a rare type of skin cancer, has a price “comparable to other checkpoint inhibitors approved for different indications.” The pharmaceutical industry holds that discussion of prescription drug prices has to take into account the major investment required for innovation and discovery of new lifesaving drugs. “UNRESTRAINED PRICING POWER” Scientific progress, and pricing power, are driving pharmaceutical companies to emphasize oncology research. “Most of the strategy on the part of pharmaceutical companies assumes unrestrained pricing power,” said Dr. Peter Bach, director of Memorial Sloan Kettering’s Center for Health Policy Outcomes in New York. “We don’t see evidence that companies are pursuing cost-effective strategies.” Health insurers have had success in demanding price concessions in some drug categories - like diabetes, where several companies sell similar products and insurers are able to negotiate price discounts or rebates in exchange for coverage. According to IMS, that tactic capped the overall rise in spending on diabetes medicines at 8 percent in 2015, compared with an increase of 30 percent in billed invoices. All of the invoice price growth for insulin was offset by price cuts, the institute said. But discounting is much less common for newer, innovative cancer drugs, mostly given by injection and approved for defined patient populations. Net price growth for branded oncology drugs averaged 4.8 percent in 2015, versus 6.4 percent for invoices, according to IMS. Express Scripts’ Miller and others said makers of new cancer medications enjoy pricing power due to coverage requirements, insurance plan structure and a lack of head-to-head comparison studies. “Cancer drugs don’t compete on price,” said Dr. Aaron Kesselheim, a researcher at Harvard Medical School and author of several studies of drug pricing. “Drug companies have market exclusivity and we require payers to cover cancer drugs - Medicare has six protected classes, including cancer.” Medicare, the federal government’s healthcare plan for seniors and the disabled, covers most prescription drugs under its “Part D” pharmacy benefits. The plans are required to cover all drugs in six classes: cancer, HIV, antidepressants, antispychotics, seizure disorders like epilepsy, and immune system suppressants for people undergoing organ transplantation. Trump met recently with Representatives Elijah Cummings and Peter Welch, both Democrats, to discuss draft legislation allowing the government to negotiate Medicare drug prices - but the bill preserves the six protected classes. In addition, drugs given by injection, including many cancer therapies, are covered under Medicare’s main medical benefit. Bristol disappointed investors when it did not pursue accelerated FDA review of the Opdivo/Yervoy combination for newly-diagnosed lung cancer - putting Merck ahead in the lucrative lung cancer market. [L1N1F92MU] “All of the immunotherapies have similar price points,” said Miller at Express Scripts. “When you stack therapies, it means more expense for patients and (health) plan sponsors.” tags Cancer treatment cancer cure Bristol-Myers Squibb Merck & Co Roche Holding AG more from business Visa woes: Singapore blocks visas to Indian IT professionals Apr 03, 2017 14:01 IST Oil prices fall as US rig count stokes oversupply worries Apr 03, 2017 12:39 IST Not a Drop to Waste- A Water Day Infographic Partnered Feature Recommended for you India World Business Education Autos Real estate Opinion Analysis Columns Editorials Blogs Authors Cities Delhi Gurgaon Noida Mumbai Bhopal Chandigarh Dehradun Indore Jaipur Kolkata Lucknow Patna Ranchi Sports Cricket Football Tennis Others Entertainment Movie reviews Bollywood Hollywood Regional movies World cinema TV Music Tabloid Lifestyle Sex & relationship Health & fitness Fashion & trends Art & culture Travel Books Brunch Tech Tech Reviews Gadgets Photos Videos Epaper HT Indepth Punjab Livemint Livehindustan Shine HTcampus Desimartini HTsyndication Follow us on: Newsletter Register with Hindustan Times to get best news and articles Copyright © HT Media Limited All rights reserved. About us Contact us Privacy policy Disclaimer Print Ad rates Jobs Connaught Place world’s 9th most costly office location: CBRE report Apr 03, 2017 14:06 IST BJP ignoring farmer suicide by pushing for stricter cow slaughter laws: Sena Apr 03, 2017 14:12 IST Pakistani forces shell Indian posts on LoC in Poonch; Army retaliates Apr 03, 2017 14:01 IST Bihar: Former JD(U) legislator arrested over minor girl’s murder Apr 03, 2017 13:43 IST Somali pirates hijack Indian commercial ship: Former anti-piracy official Apr 03, 2017 13:40 IST Himachal CM Virbhadra Singh’s Delhi farmhouse attached by ED Apr 03, 2017 13:33 IST Adityanath gets ready to pick his officers, RSS to lend a helping hand Apr 03, 2017 13:11 IST Australian PM Turnbull expected to make his first India visit next week Apr 03, 2017 14:10 IST UK police arrest nine over brutal attack on teenage asylum seeker Apr 03, 2017 13:59 IST Leopard near runway shuts down Nepal international airport Apr 03, 2017 13:41 IST Trump says US to act alone on N Korea if China doesn’t solve it Apr 03, 2017 13:41 IST Julian Assange set to stay in Ecuador embassy as leftist on verge of winning el... Apr 03, 2017 11:38 IST Paris climate pact bad deal for US, India and China benefitted from agreement: Trump... Apr 03, 2017 11:08 IST In pics | Homeless Poles build vessel that they plan to take around the globe Apr 03, 2017 11:01 IST delhi gurgaon noida mumbai bhopal chandigarh dehradun indore jaipur kolkata lucknow patna ranchi BJP ignoring farmer suicide by pushing for stricter cow slaughter laws: Sena Apr 03, 2017 14:12 IST NCP chief Sharad Pawar to address Sangharsh yatra in Maharashtra; Rahul Gandhi to... Apr 03, 2017 13:45 IST MCD election: Cong ex-MLA Amrish Gautam quits party, AK Walia threatens to foll... Apr 03, 2017 13:41 IST MCD election: Time for Delhi to borrow smart ideas for civic reforms Apr 03, 2017 13:38 IST Rae Bareli village to finally see a new ‘Savera’ Apr 03, 2017 12:52 IST Hindu, Muslim couples tie knots under one roof Apr 03, 2017 12:51 IST Flower biz losing fragrance post anti-Romeo drive Apr 03, 2017 12:49 IST Meet the Uttarakhand high court judges who made Ganga, Yamuna living entities Apr 03, 2017 12:54 IST analysis columns editorials blogs authors The Pluto debate: Is it or is it not a planet? Apr 03, 2017 13:09 IST MCD election: Time for Delhi to borrow smart ideas for civic reforms Apr 03, 2017 13:38 IST Rajini should have gone to Sri Lanka . Apr 03, 2017 12:59 IST Here’s why China is financing local elections in Nepal Apr 03, 2017 12:44 IST Former England batsman Michael Carberry scores ton on return from cancer Apr 03, 2017 13:29 IST IPL 2017: How to bet? Bookmakers find new way to hoodwink cops, tip RCB to win Apr 03, 2017 11:55 IST Pakistan thrash West Indies by seven wickets in 4th T20I, clinch series 3-1 Apr 03, 2017 08:56 IST Delhi Daredevils may miss Angelo Mathews for better part of IPL 2017 Apr 02, 2017 23:40 IST Unlike Virat Kohli, Rohit Sharma still ‘good friends’ with Aussie cricketers Apr 02, 2017 22:08 IST football tennis other sports ht gifa Sania Mirza-Barbora Strycova lose in Miami Open final Apr 03, 2017 13:57 IST Former England batsman Michael Carberry scores ton on return from cancer Apr 03, 2017 13:29 IST The Undertaker retires from WWE after losing to Roman Reigns at WrestleMania 33 Apr 03, 2017 14:07 IST Sachin Tendulkar, Anil Kumble lead tributes for PV Sindhu after India Open win Apr 03, 2017 11:36 IST IPL 2017: How to bet? Bookmakers find new way to hoodwink cops, tip RCB to win Apr 03, 2017 11:55 IST movie reviews bollywood hollywood regional movies world cinema tv music tabloid Kim Kardashian wants siblings for her kids, knows another pregnancy will risky Apr 03, 2017 13:42 IST Priyanka Chopra voted second most beautiful woman in the world, Beyonce tops li... Apr 03, 2017 13:11 IST Mirza Juuliet cast surprised as CBFC keeps masturbation sequence intact Apr 03, 2017 12:22 IST Baahubali 2 release biggest movie event ever: Karan Johar Apr 03, 2017 12:06 IST Why did Nicole Kidman say yes to Aquaman? Only for James Wan, she says Apr 03, 2017 12:06 IST sex & relationships health & fitness fashion & trends art & culture travel books more from lifestyle brunch AIIMS develops app to monitor heart failure patients remotely Apr 03, 2017 12:05 IST Chemical commonly used in plastics may increase breast cancer risk Apr 03, 2017 11:50 IST You may suffer from heart trouble if you have high thyroid hormone levels Apr 03, 2017 11:50 IST Here’s why laziness spreads uncontrolled: It is contagious, say researchers Apr 03, 2017 11:25 IST Picasso’s famous anti-war painting Guernica resonates even after 80 years Apr 03, 2017 09:32 IST There is cure for cancer, but it will cost more than $2,50,000 a year Apr 03, 2017 14:12 IST Visa woes: Singapore blocks visas to Indian IT professionals Apr 03, 2017 14:01 IST Oil prices fall as US rig count stokes oversupply worries Apr 03, 2017 12:39 IST Indian markets bet on a hands-off RBI and stronger rupee Apr 03, 2017 12:30 IST India March factory output grows fastest in 5 months, PMI survey show Apr 03, 2017 12:13 IST Bajaj Auto sales down 11% in March . Apr 03, 2017 12:00 IST Tesla delivers quarterly record of 25,000 vehicles in Q1 Apr 03, 2017 10:55 IST Nokia 9 specifications leaked, to come with Nokia OZO Audio, iris scanner Apr 03, 2017 13:51 IST Sony Xperia XZs with Snap 820 SoC, 19-MP rear camera to be launched in India to... Apr 03, 2017 13:06 IST Apple’s next gen iPhones to sport new screen technology to make reading, viewing... Apr 03, 2017 13:03 IST Samsung Galaxy S8 iris scanner, face recognition has a security flaw | Watch it... Apr 01, 2017 16:57 IST Apple iPhone 8 may not get a curved display as Samsung Galaxy S8 Apr 01, 2017 14:57 IST Snapchat, Facebook’s rival, now gets a ‘Search’ feature Apr 01, 2017 14:32 IST Palmer Luckey, Oculus co-founder, leaves Zuckerberg’s Facebook Apr 01, 2017 14:21 IST OFB Trade Apprenticeship 2017 exam answer keys released, check them here Apr 03, 2017 14:11 IST JEE-Mains exam moderately easy but lengthy, say students Apr 03, 2017 00:29 IST No summer fun, only exam heat for some in Mumbai Apr 02, 2017 23:34 IST JEE Main 2017: Entrance exam was ‘easy to moderately difficult’ Apr 02, 2017 22:16 IST JEE Main 2017: An analysis of the entrance exam question paper Apr 03, 2017 07:47 IST Looking back at the Dalai Lama on his visit to Arunachal Apr 03, 2017 08:57 IST Bengal’s Renaissance-period libraries banking on competitive... Apr 02, 2017 13:04 IST Caring for a common condition on Autism Awareness Day Apr 01, 2017 23:13 IST Himalaya’s hidden gem: Pilgrimage to Karthik Swami temple Apr 01, 2017 13:52 IST Tribal artists from Odisha display traditional art forms Mar 31, 2017 12:35 IST HT Explains | 10 things you need Aadhaar for Apr 01, 2017 18:33 IST Half-truths and rumours fuel UP’s anti-slaughterhouse drive Apr 01, 2017 16:03 IST Eco-mine tour: A first-hand experience of the life of a miner Apr 01, 2017 15:06 IST Mad rush in auto showrooms after huge discounts on BS-III vehicles Mar 31, 2017 18:56 IST 70 girls allegedly stripped in UP school for menstrual blood check Mar 31, 2017 17:45 IST ht-indepth real-estate autos punjab epaper ht-brand stories weekend
Events Resources Blog Journalists +44 (0)20 7454 5110+44 (0)20 7454 5110 Log In Sign Up News Products Contact Search News in Focus Browse News Releases All Public Company News View All News Releases All Multimedia News Regulatory News Benelux Regulatory News View All Regulatory News D/A/CH Regulatory News France Regulatory News UK Regulatory News Business & Money Auto & Transportation View All Auto & Transportation Aerospace & Defence Airlines & Aviation Air Freight Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads & Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Haulage & Road Transportation Business Technology View All Business Technology Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertainment & Media View All Entertainment & Media Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film & Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing View All Financial Services & Investing Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers & Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC & SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders’ Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business View All General Business Awards Commercial Real Estate Conference Call Announcements Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls & Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology View All Consumer Technology Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Websites Wireless Communications Energy View All Energy Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil & Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environment View All Environment Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing View All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Aerospace & Defence Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation & Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking & Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecommunications View All Telecommunications Carriers & Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunications Equipment Telecommunications Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail View All Consumer Products & Retail Animals & Pets Beers, Wines & Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics & Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture & Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewellery Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertainment & Media View All Entertainment & Media Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film & Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health View All Health Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports View All Sports General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel View All Travel Amusement Parks & Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels & Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest View All Policy & Public Interest Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Economic News, Trends & Analysis Education Environmental European Government Workplace & Union Not For Profit Public Safety People & Culture People & Culture View All People & Culture Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabled Hispanic LGBT Religion Older People Veterans Women Non-small Cell Lung Cancer Therapeutics Market Worth $12.2 Billion by 2025: Grand View Research, Inc. News provided by Grand View Research, Inc. 03 Apr, 2017, 10:30 BST Share this article SAN FRANCISCO, April 3, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- The global non-small cell lung cancer therapeutics market is expected to reach a value of USD 12.2 billion by 2025, based on a new report by Grand View Research, Inc. The non-small cell cancer therapeutics (NSCLC) market is anticipated to witness significant growth during the forecast period. This can be attributed to the high investment by market players in the research and development of lung cancer therapy, presence of a rich pipeline, and increasing penetration of drugs during the forecast period. Grand View Research Logo      (Logo: http://photos.prnewswire.com/prnh/20150105/723757 ) Introduction of several drugs in various geographical regions is likely to drive the market during the forecast period. For instance, in October 2016, the FDA granted Breakthrough Therapy Designation to Alecensa (alectinib), a drug developed by Genentech to treat ALK-positive NSCLC as a first-line treatment. The drug has been approved in the U.S., Japan, Canada, Hong Kong, South Korea, Kuwait, and Israel. Presence of a strong pipeline of drugs for non-small cell lung cancer helps propel the market during the forecast period. Bristol-Myers Squibb Company, Orion Corporation, Merck KGaA, AstraZeneca, F. Hoffmann-La Roche Ltd, and Pfizer, Inc. have major molecules in the pipeline. Browse full research report with TOC on "Non-small Cell Lung Cancer (NSCLC) Therapeutics Market Analysis By Drug (Alimta, Iressa, Avastin, Tarceva, Zykadia, Tagrisso, Xalkori, Cyramza, Opdivo, Alecensa), By Region (North America, Europe, Asia Pacific, Latin America, MEA), And Segment Forecasts, 2014 - 2025" at: http://www.grandviewresearch.com/industry-analysis/non-small-cell-lung-cancer-nsclc-therapeutics-market Further key findings from the report suggest:  By drug, Alimta accounted for the highest share in 2015. However, it is expected to witness decline in its share during the forecast period. Alecensa (alectinib) is expected to grow at the highest rate during the forecast period. This is majorly attributed to the clinical benefit of the drug to treat ALK-positive NSCLC. Alecensa is expected to be a competitor to Pfizer's Xalkori and Merck's Keytruda during the forecast period. A superior progression-free survival rate of Alecensa was observed in the clinical trials as compared to Crizotinib. Geographically, North America dominated the overall industry in 2015. This is due to the early entry of drugs in the market, increased adoption of new treatment, and high cost of the drug. It is expected that North America would maintain its dominance during the forecast period and grow with the highest rate over the coming years due to expected entry of new drugs. Several players are operating in the industry. Geographical penetration and development of innovative & effective drugs are the key strategies of the players to increase their share. Some of the key players are GlaxoSmithKline (GSK) Plc., Novartis AG, AstraZeneca, F. Hoffmann-La Roche AG, Bristol-Myers Squibb, Pfizer Inc., Eli Lilly & Company, and Sanofi. Browse related reports by Grand View Research:  Medical Imaging Reagents Market - http://www.grandviewresearch.com/industry-analysis/medical-imaging-reagents-market Hospital Acquired Disease Testing Market - http://www.grandviewresearch.com/industry-analysis/hospital-acquired-disease-testing-market Protein Engineering Market - http://www.grandviewresearch.com/industry-analysis/protein-engineering-market Coronary Artery Bypass Graft Devices Market - http://www.grandviewresearch.com/industry-analysis/coronary-artery-bypass-graft-devices-market Grand View Research has segmented the non-small cell lung cancer therapeutics market by drug and region:  Non-small Cell Lung Cancer Therapeutics Market Drug Outlook (Market Revenue in USD Million, 2014 - 2025)  Alimta Iressa Avastin Tarceva Zykadia Tagrisso Xalkori Cyramza Opdivo Alecensa Non-small Cell Lung Cancer Therapeutics Market Regional Outlook (Market Revenue in USD Million, 2014 - 2025)  North America U.S. Canada Europe UK Germany Asia Pacific Japan China Latin America Brazil Mexico Middle East and Africa South Africa Read Our Blog: Non-small Cell Lung Cancer Therapeutics Market: Recent Commercialization of Various Drugs and Expected Launch of Pipeline Drugs to Propel the Market by 2025 About Grand View Research  Grand View Research, Inc. is a U.S. based market research and consulting company, registered in the State of California and headquartered in San Francisco. The company provides syndicated research reports, customized research reports, and consulting services. To help clients make informed business decisions, we offer market intelligence studies ensuring relevant and fact-based research across a range of industries, from technology to chemicals, materials and healthcare. Contact: Sherry James Corporate Sales Specialist, USA Grand View Research, Inc Phone: 1-415-349-0058 Toll Free: 1-888-202-9519 Email: sales@grandviewresearch.com Web: http://www.grandviewresearch.com SOURCE Grand View Research, Inc. 03 Apr, 2017, 11:00 BST Preview: Phototherapy Equipment Market Size to Reach $788.7 Million by 2025: Grand View Research, Inc. 03 Apr, 2017, 10:00 BST Preview: Fetal and Neonatal Care Equipment Market Worth $12.7 Billion by 2025: Grand View Research, Inc. My News Release contains wide tables. View fullscreen. Also from this source 03 Apr, 2017, 12:30 BSTWafer And IC Shipping and Handling Market Worth $14.16 Billion by... 03 Apr, 2017, 12:00 BSTReflective Materials Market Worth $31.14 Billion By 2025 | CAGR:... Explore More news releases in similar topics Health Care & Hospitals Medical Pharmaceuticals Surveys, Polls and Research You just read: Non-small Cell Lung Cancer Therapeutics Market Worth $12.2 Billion by 2025: Grand View Research, Inc. News provided by Grand View Research, Inc. 03 Apr, 2017, 10:30 BST Share this article Contact Us +44 (0)20 7454 5110 from 8 AM - 5:30 PM GMT Send a Release Sign Up Blog For Journalists Contact Us Search Contact PR Newswire +44 (0)20 7454 5110 from 8 AM - 5:30 PM GMT Contact Us Overview Request More Info Become a Partner   Products The Wire Multimedia News Releases Disclosure Services Media Intelligence About About PR Newswire About Cision Partnering Opportunities Careers   Global Sites Asia Brazil Canada Finland France India Israel Mexico Middle East Netherlands Sweden United States My Services All News Releases Customer Portal Resources Blog Journalists My Services All News Releases Customer Portal Resources Blog Journalists +44 (0)20 7454 5110 from 8 AM - 5:30 PM GMT Terms of Use Privacy Policy Information Security Policy Statement Site Map Copyright © 2017 PR Newswire Europe Limited. All Rights Reserved. A Cision company. News Products Contact News in Focus Browse News Releases All Public Company News View All News Releases All Multimedia News Regulatory News Benelux Regulatory News View All Regulatory News D/A/CH Regulatory News France Regulatory News UK Regulatory News Business & Money Auto & Transportation View All Auto & Transportation Aerospace & Defence Airlines & Aviation Air Freight Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads & Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Haulage & Road Transportation Business Technology View All Business Technology Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertainment & Media View All Entertainment & Media Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film & Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing View All Financial Services & Investing Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers & Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC & SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders’ Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business View All General Business Awards Commercial Real Estate Conference Call Announcements Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls & Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology View All Consumer Technology Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Websites Wireless Communications Energy View All Energy Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil & Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environment View All Environment Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing View All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Aerospace & Defence Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation & Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking & Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecommunications View All Telecommunications Carriers & Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunications Equipment Telecommunications Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail View All Consumer Products & Retail Animals & Pets Beers, Wines & Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics & Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture & Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewellery Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertainment & Media View All Entertainment & Media Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film & Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health View All Health Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports View All Sports General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel View All Travel Amusement Parks & Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels & Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest View All Policy & Public Interest Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Economic News, Trends & Analysis Education Environmental European Government Workplace & Union Not For Profit Public Safety People & Culture People & Culture View All People & Culture Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabled Hispanic LGBT Religion Older People Veterans Women Phone +44 (0)20 7454 5110 from 8 AM - 5:30 PM GMT All contact info Send a ReleaseLog In
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 3 April 2017 by Military News Tumor Immunoprofiling: HISTALIM Launches HISTOPROFILE MONTPELLIER, France–(BUSINESS WIRE)–Recent clinical data confirm the importance of patient stratification in the development of cancer immunotherapies. For instance Merck’success with Keytruda (Pembrolizumab, anti PDL-1) in lung cancer demonstrates that the patient screening according to the ligand overexpression of the therapeutic target is a winning strategy in immuno-oncology. Though the pertinence of personalized medicine in oncology cannot be argued, one must also consider that the reactivation of the immune system against tumors engage subtle and complex mechanisms, which can be more efficient when multiple pathways are simultaneously activated. This opinion is commonly shared by many researchers in immuno-oncology who engage clinical trials combining therapies against several targets. If clinical results confirm the relevance of this approach, it will be necessary to qualify patients on the basis of multiple biomarkers. Given the fact that a biopsy can only be used on a few histological slides, an obvious conclusion arises: it becomes urgent to extract several markers from a single slide. Positive progress of liquid biopsy and molecular biology could potentially address this issue. But these solutions do not allow to localize the marker, which is sometimes required. To get more precise information on the tumor microenvironment, the protein expression is not enough: associated morphologic information needs to be known. Nowadays several clinical trials in immuno-oncology rely on multiplex immunohistochemistry to use a sufficient number of markers despite the scarcity of biological material. It can be anticipated that the routine histopathologic diagnostic will integrate multiplex analysis of markers so that pathologist can try this new challenge: characterize tumor immune profile from a single biopsy. Cultural and technological barriers will have to be removed in order to let histopathology progress as fast as the innovations in immuno-oncology. For instance fluorescence revelation is not commonly used by the pathologists. Complex multiplex IHC staining require slide scanners compatible with multispectral imaging, which is not widely spread. Then the volume of data processed from multiplex staining will require to use image analysis solutions able to facilitate the pathologist’s diagnostic. This is a new paradigm for histopathology which is evolving toward a more subtle science than it was already, being source of “rich-data” for the treatment of patients. This new generation histopathology, led by “augmented pathologists” and able to define the tumor immune profile from one single biopsy, is developed by HISTALIM under the brand named HISTOPROFILE. CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Diamond Market Improves After Cautious 1Q Next PostNext Profilage immunitaire des tumeurs : HISTALIM lance HISTOPROFILE Posted on 3 April 2017 by Military News Tumor Immunoprofiling: HISTALIM Launches HISTOPROFILE MONTPELLIER, France–(BUSINESS WIRE)–Recent clinical data confirm the importance of patient stratification in the development of cancer immunotherapies. For instance Merck’success with Keytruda (Pembrolizumab, anti PDL-1) in lung cancer demonstrates that the patient screening according to the ligand overexpression of the therapeutic target is a winning strategy in immuno-oncology. Though the pertinence of personalized medicine in oncology cannot be argued, one must also consider that the reactivation of the immune system against tumors engage subtle and complex mechanisms, which can be more efficient when multiple pathways are simultaneously activated. This opinion is commonly shared by many researchers in immuno-oncology who engage clinical trials combining therapies against several targets. If clinical results confirm the relevance of this approach, it will be necessary to qualify patients on the basis of multiple biomarkers. Given the fact that a biopsy can only be used on a few histological slides, an obvious conclusion arises: it becomes urgent to extract several markers from a single slide. Positive progress of liquid biopsy and molecular biology could potentially address this issue. But these solutions do not allow to localize the marker, which is sometimes required. To get more precise information on the tumor microenvironment, the protein expression is not enough: associated morphologic information needs to be known. Nowadays several clinical trials in immuno-oncology rely on multiplex immunohistochemistry to use a sufficient number of markers despite the scarcity of biological material. It can be anticipated that the routine histopathologic diagnostic will integrate multiplex analysis of markers so that pathologist can try this new challenge: characterize tumor immune profile from a single biopsy. Cultural and technological barriers will have to be removed in order to let histopathology progress as fast as the innovations in immuno-oncology. For instance fluorescence revelation is not commonly used by the pathologists. Complex multiplex IHC staining require slide scanners compatible with multispectral imaging, which is not widely spread. Then the volume of data processed from multiplex staining will require to use image analysis solutions able to facilitate the pathologist’s diagnostic. This is a new paradigm for histopathology which is evolving toward a more subtle science than it was already, being source of “rich-data” for the treatment of patients. This new generation histopathology, led by “augmented pathologists” and able to define the tumor immune profile from one single biopsy, is developed by HISTALIM under the brand named HISTOPROFILE. CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Diamond Market Improves After Cautious 1Q Next PostNext Profilage immunitaire des tumeurs : HISTALIM lance HISTOPROFILE Posted on 3 April 2017 by Military News Tumor Immunoprofiling: HISTALIM Launches HISTOPROFILE MONTPELLIER, France–(BUSINESS WIRE)–Recent clinical data confirm the importance of patient stratification in the development of cancer immunotherapies. For instance Merck’success with Keytruda (Pembrolizumab, anti PDL-1) in lung cancer demonstrates that the patient screening according to the ligand overexpression of the therapeutic target is a winning strategy in immuno-oncology. Though the pertinence of personalized medicine in oncology cannot be argued, one must also consider that the reactivation of the immune system against tumors engage subtle and complex mechanisms, which can be more efficient when multiple pathways are simultaneously activated. This opinion is commonly shared by many researchers in immuno-oncology who engage clinical trials combining therapies against several targets. If clinical results confirm the relevance of this approach, it will be necessary to qualify patients on the basis of multiple biomarkers. Given the fact that a biopsy can only be used on a few histological slides, an obvious conclusion arises: it becomes urgent to extract several markers from a single slide. Positive progress of liquid biopsy and molecular biology could potentially address this issue. But these solutions do not allow to localize the marker, which is sometimes required. To get more precise information on the tumor microenvironment, the protein expression is not enough: associated morphologic information needs to be known. Nowadays several clinical trials in immuno-oncology rely on multiplex immunohistochemistry to use a sufficient number of markers despite the scarcity of biological material. It can be anticipated that the routine histopathologic diagnostic will integrate multiplex analysis of markers so that pathologist can try this new challenge: characterize tumor immune profile from a single biopsy. Cultural and technological barriers will have to be removed in order to let histopathology progress as fast as the innovations in immuno-oncology. For instance fluorescence revelation is not commonly used by the pathologists. Complex multiplex IHC staining require slide scanners compatible with multispectral imaging, which is not widely spread. Then the volume of data processed from multiplex staining will require to use image analysis solutions able to facilitate the pathologist’s diagnostic. This is a new paradigm for histopathology which is evolving toward a more subtle science than it was already, being source of “rich-data” for the treatment of patients. This new generation histopathology, led by “augmented pathologists” and able to define the tumor immune profile from one single biopsy, is developed by HISTALIM under the brand named HISTOPROFILE. CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Diamond Market Improves After Cautious 1Q Next PostNext Profilage immunitaire des tumeurs : HISTALIM lance HISTOPROFILE Posted on 3 April 2017 by Military News Tumor Immunoprofiling: HISTALIM Launches HISTOPROFILE MONTPELLIER, France–(BUSINESS WIRE)–Recent clinical data confirm the importance of patient stratification in the development of cancer immunotherapies. For instance Merck’success with Keytruda (Pembrolizumab, anti PDL-1) in lung cancer demonstrates that the patient screening according to the ligand overexpression of the therapeutic target is a winning strategy in immuno-oncology. Though the pertinence of personalized medicine in oncology cannot be argued, one must also consider that the reactivation of the immune system against tumors engage subtle and complex mechanisms, which can be more efficient when multiple pathways are simultaneously activated. This opinion is commonly shared by many researchers in immuno-oncology who engage clinical trials combining therapies against several targets. If clinical results confirm the relevance of this approach, it will be necessary to qualify patients on the basis of multiple biomarkers. Given the fact that a biopsy can only be used on a few histological slides, an obvious conclusion arises: it becomes urgent to extract several markers from a single slide. Positive progress of liquid biopsy and molecular biology could potentially address this issue. But these solutions do not allow to localize the marker, which is sometimes required. To get more precise information on the tumor microenvironment, the protein expression is not enough: associated morphologic information needs to be known. Nowadays several clinical trials in immuno-oncology rely on multiplex immunohistochemistry to use a sufficient number of markers despite the scarcity of biological material. It can be anticipated that the routine histopathologic diagnostic will integrate multiplex analysis of markers so that pathologist can try this new challenge: characterize tumor immune profile from a single biopsy. Cultural and technological barriers will have to be removed in order to let histopathology progress as fast as the innovations in immuno-oncology. For instance fluorescence revelation is not commonly used by the pathologists. Complex multiplex IHC staining require slide scanners compatible with multispectral imaging, which is not widely spread. Then the volume of data processed from multiplex staining will require to use image analysis solutions able to facilitate the pathologist’s diagnostic. This is a new paradigm for histopathology which is evolving toward a more subtle science than it was already, being source of “rich-data” for the treatment of patients. This new generation histopathology, led by “augmented pathologists” and able to define the tumor immune profile from one single biopsy, is developed by HISTALIM under the brand named HISTOPROFILE. CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Diamond Market Improves After Cautious 1Q Next PostNext Profilage immunitaire des tumeurs : HISTALIM lance HISTOPROFILE Search Recent Posts Healthcare CRM Market | Global Industry Analysis and Opportunity Assessment 2015-2022 Global Sports and Fitness Wear Sales Market 2017 – Adidas, Nike, Puma, Under Armour, VF Clinical Chemistry Analyzers Market To Be Driven By Increasing Prevalence Of Chronic Diseases Such As Diabetes Till 2025: Grand View Research, Inc. Digital Glass Military Aircraft Cockpit Systems Market Potential and Niche Segments, Geographical regions and Trends 2026 Vascular Access Systems Market Segmentation, Industry trends and Development to 2026 Business Contacts Business Directory Proudly powered by WordPress
Latest News Dow 20,650 -13.01 -0.06% Nasdaq 5,895 -17.06 -0.29% S&P 500 2,359 -3.88 -0.16% 3:03 A.M. ET Germany's DAX 30 index opens 0.1% lower at 12,248.53 3:02 A.M. ET Updated How the ‘3M’ option — Merkel, Macron and May— would mean stability for Europe 3:01 A.M. ET France's CAC 40 index opens 0.1% higher at 5,089.30 3:01 A.M. ET U.K.'s FTSE 100 opens 0.3% higher at 7,299.54 3:00 A.M. ET Stoxx Europe 600 opens 0.1% lower at 379.01 2:54 A.M. ET Updated Even after Brexit, central banks prefer pounds over euros: survey 2:54 A.M. ET Updated How the pending Aramco IPO could cause a surge in oil prices 2:53 A.M. ET Updated The Dow rally’s ‘in trouble’ if this warning flag holds true 2:50 A.M. ET Updated Apple makes move that could improve its gadgets, but it won’t be easy 2:30 A.M. ET Apple price target lifted to $150 from $140 at Pacific Crest 2:29 A.M. ET Nvidia downgraded to underweight from sector weight at Pacific Crest 2:28 A.M. ET South African rand falls another 1.4% against dollar to $13.87 after S&P downgrade 1:52 A.M. ET ABB to buy Bernecker + Rainer 12:57 A.M. ET Euro, dollar weaker against yen as investors shy away from riskier assets 12:44 A.M. ET Oil prices hold after Monday's pullback 12:08 A.M. ET Updated North Carolina stuffs Gonzaga to win NCAA basketball championship 4/03 Australian trade surplus higher than forecast 4/03 Asian markets pull back amid growing global uncertainty 4/03 India stocks close at 2-year high as investors bullish on Modi 4/03 Updated As weddings become more elaborate and expensive, guests send more regrets Log In Home News Viewer Video SectorWatch Podcasts First Take Games Portfolio My MarketWatch News Viewer Markets U.S. Europe/Middle East Emerging Markets Asia Canada SectorWatch Columns Market Snapshot Movers & Shakers The Tell Currencies Futures Movers Pre-Market News Tools Earnings Wall Markets Overview IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar Currency Tools Futures Contracts Market Screener Hulbert Interactive Investing Stocks Mutual Funds ETFs Options Bonds Commodities Currencies Futures Financial Adviser Center Hedge Funds/Insider Trades Getting Started MarketWatch Adviser Columns Options Trader Revolution Investing Tools Stock Screener Funds Finder ETF Screener Options Screener IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar More... Personal Finance 10 Things Big Spender Real Estate Spending & Saving Taxes Columns The Moneyologist Brett Arends Bill Bischoff Amy Hoak Chuck Jaffe Jennifer Openshaw Jennifer Waters Tools Funds Finder Today's Rates Retirement Retire Here, Not There Encore Taxes How-to Guides Social Security Estate Planning Events Columns Robert Powell's Retirement Portfolio Andrea Coombes's Working Retirement Tools Retirement Planner How long will my money last? Economy Federal Reserve Capitol Report Economic Report Columns Darrell Delamaide Irwin Kellner Rex Nutting Tools Economic Calendar Real Estate Location Scouts realtor.com My MarketWatch Watchlist Alerts Games Log In Home Press Release Data on Verastem’s Focal Adhesion Kinase Inhibitor Defactinib Presented at the 2017 American Association for Cancer Research Annual Meeting By Published: Apr 2, 2017 2:05 p.m. ET Share BOSTON, Apr 02, 2017 (BUSINESS WIRE) -- Verastem, Inc. VSTM focused on discovering and developing drugs to treat cancer, today announced the oral presentation of data for its lead focal adhesion kinase (FAK) inhibitor, defactinib, by the Company’s scientific collaborator David G. DeNardo, PhD, Assistant Professor of Medicine, Division of Oncology, Department of Immunology, Washington University School of Medicine in St. Louis, at the 2017 American Association for Cancer Research (AACR) annual meeting in Washington, DC. In an oral presentation titled, “Reprogramming the tumor microenvironment to improve responses to therapy,” Dr. DeNardo described data demonstrating that FAK inhibition can enable efficacy of PD-1 inhibition in preclinical models of pancreatic cancer that, like the clinical disease, are otherwise refractory to checkpoint inhibition. As described in Dr. DeNardo’s presentation, a clinical trial is in progress, which combines Verastem’s FAK inhibitor defactinib with Merck’s PD-1 inhibitor pembrolizumab together with gemcitabine in patients with advanced pancreatic ductal adenocarcinoma (PDAC). Initial analysis of immune biomarkers from matched pairs of metastatic biopsies, taken either pre or post treatment, from patients with PDAC has been conducted in this study. “Immunotherapeutic agents have shown little clinical benefit in pancreatic cancer and this is likely due, at least in part, to the presence of an immunosuppressive tumor microenvironment including a dense stroma which may prevent T cell entry into, or function within, tumor tissues,” said Dr. DeNardo. “Our initial biomarker data, indicating an increase in activated proliferating cytotoxic T cells together with a reduction in tumor-associated macrophages (TAMs) appear promising. We are extremely interested to see whether these immune changes that may shift the balance from immunosuppressive to immunoreactive tumors, may translate into a clinical benefit for pancreatic cancer patients who have few effective treatment options.” Jonathan Pachter, PhD, Verastem’s Chief Scientific Officer, added, “Pancreatic cancer has the highest mortality rate of all major cancers, and the disease is still considered largely incurable. The data presented today by Dr. DeNardo at AACR 2017 provide important support and rationale for the ongoing clinical study evaluating Verastem’s lead FAK inhibitor defactinib in combination with pembrolizumab and gemcitabine in patients with pancreatic cancer.” The ongoing Phase 1 clinical trial is being conducted at the Washington University School of Medicine in St. Louis under the direction of Andrea Wang-Gillam, MD, PhD, Clinical Director of the Gastrointestinal Oncology Program with financial support from the Precision Medicine Research Associates and the BJH Foundation. The trial, which is expected to enroll approximately 50 patients, is currently completing its dose-escalation portion. Details for the oral symposium presentation at AACR 2017 are: Title: Reprogramming the Tumor Microenvironment to Facilitate Responses to Immunotherapy Session: Major Symposium; SY14 – Myelomonocytic Cells and Stroma as Therapeutic Targets Location: Room 206 – Level 2 Washington Convention Center Date and time: Sunday, April 2, 2017 from 2:05-2:30pm ET A copy of the oral presentation slides will be available here following the conclusion of Dr. DeNardo’s presentation and a webcast will be available from AACR beginning on April 26, 2017. About the Tumor Microenvironment The tumor microenvironment encompasses multiple tumor and non-tumor cell populations and an extracellular matrix that support cancer cell survival. This includes immunosuppressive regulatory T cells, myeloid-derived suppressor cells, tumor-associated macrophages, cancer-associated fibroblasts and extracellular matrix proteins that can hamper the entry and therapeutic benefit of cytotoxic T cells and anti-cancer drugs. In addition to targeting the proliferative and survival signaling of cancer cells, Verastem’s product candidates, including duvelisib and defactinib, also target the tumor microenvironment to potentially improve a patient’s response to therapy. About Defactinib Defactinib is an investigational inhibitor of FAK, a non-receptor tyrosine kinase encoded by the PTK-2 gene that mediates oncogenic signaling in response to cellular adhesion and growth factors. [1] Based on the multi-faceted roles of FAK, defactinib is used to treat cancer through modulation of the tumor microenvironment, enhancement of anti-tumor immunity, and reduction of cancer stem cells. [2,3] Defactinib is currently being evaluated in combination with immunotherapy for the treatment of pancreatic cancer, ovarian cancer, non-small cell lung cancer, and mesothelioma, in three combination clinical trials with pembrolizumab or avelumab from Merck & Co. and Pfizer/Merck KGaA, respectively. [4,5,6] Information about these and additional clinical trials evaluating the safety and efficacy of defactinib can be found on www.clinicaltrials.gov. About Verastem, Inc. Verastem, Inc. VSTM is a biopharmaceutical company focused on discovering and developing drugs to improve outcomes for patients with cancer. Verastem is currently developing duvelisib, a dual inhibitor of PI3K-delta and PI3K-gamma, which has successfully met its primary endpoint in a Phase 2 study in iNHL and is currently being evaluated in a Phase 3 clinical trial in patients with CLL. In addition, Verastem is developing the FAK inhibitor defactinib, which is currently being evaluated in three separate clinical collaborations in combination with immunotherapeutic agents for the treatment of several different cancer types, including pancreatic cancer, ovarian cancer and non-small cell lung cancer, and mesothelioma. Verastem’s product candidates seek to treat cancer by modulating the local tumor microenvironment, enhancing anti-tumor immunity and reducing cancer stem cells. For more information, please visit www.verastem.com. Verastem forward-looking statements notice: This press release includes forward-looking statements about Verastem's strategy, future plans and prospects, including statements regarding the development and activity of Verastem's investigational product candidates, including duvelisib and defactinib (VS-6063), and Verastem's PI3K and FAK programs generally, the structure of our planned and pending clinical trials and the timeline and indications for clinical development, our rights to develop or commercialize our product candidates and our ability to finance contemplated development activities and fund operations for a specified period. The words "anticipate," "believe," "estimate," "expect," "intend," "may," "plan," "predict," "project," "target," "potential," "will," "would," "could," "should," "continue," and similar expressions are intended to identify forward-looking statements, although not all forward-looking statements contain these identifying words. Each forward-looking statement is subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed or implied in such statement. Applicable risks and uncertainties include the risks that the preclinical testing of Verastem's product candidates and preliminary or interim data from clinical trials may not be predictive of the results or success of ongoing or later clinical trials; that data may not be available when expected; that enrollment of clinical trials may take longer than expected; that our product candidates will cause unexpected safety events or result in an unmanageable safety profile as compared to their level of efficacy; that Verastem will be unable to successfully initiate or complete the clinical development of its product candidates; that the development of Verastem's product candidates will take longer or cost more than planned; that Verastem may not have sufficient cash to fund its contemplated operations; that Verastem will not pursue or submit regulatory filings for its product candidates; and that Verastem's product candidates will not receive regulatory approval, become commercially successful products, or result in new treatment options being offered to patients. Other risks and uncertainties include those identified under the heading "Risk Factors" in Verastem's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2016 and in any subsequent filings with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission. The forward-looking statements contained in this press release reflect Verastem's views as of the date of this release, and Verastem does not undertake and specifically disclaims any obligation to update any forward-looking statements. [1] Schaller MD and Parsons JT. Focal adhesion kinase: an integrin-linked protein tyrosine kinase. Trends Cell Biol. 1993 3: 258-62. [2] Jiang H et al. Targeting focal adhesion kinase renders pancreatic cancers responsive to checkpoint immunotherapy. Nat Med 2016: Aug 22(8) 851-60. [3] Sulzmaier FJ et al. FAK in cancer: mechanistic findings and clinical applications. Nature Rev Cancer. 2014 14: 598-610. [4] www.clinicaltrials.gov, NCT02546531 [5] www.clinicaltrials.gov, NCT02943317 [6] www.clinicaltrials.gov, NCT02758587 View source version on businesswire.com: http://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20170402005084/en/ SOURCE: Verastem, Inc. Verastem, Inc. Brian Sullivan, 781-292-4214 Director, Corporate Development bsullivan@verastem.com Copyright Business Wire 2017 Most Popular What happens to your debt when you die? How upgrading humans will become the next billion-dollar industry North Carolina stuffs Gonzaga to win NCAA basketball championship Apple makes move that could improve its gadgets, but it won’t be easy These dogs make up to $10K per social media post MarketWatch Partner Center Sponsored Headlines MarketWatch Site Index Topics Help Feedback Newsroom Roster Media Archive Premium Products Mobile Company Company Info Code of Conduct Corrections Advertising Media Kit Advertise Locally Reprints & Licensing Broker Center Your Ad Choices Dow Jones Network WSJ.com Barron's Online BigCharts Virtual Stock Exchange Financial News Online WSJ.com Small Business realtor.com Mansion Global Back to Top Copyright ©2017 MarketWatch, Inc. All rights reserved. By using this site you agree to the Terms of Service, Privacy Policy, and Cookie Policy (updated). Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. Intraday data delayed per exchange requirements. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real time last sale data provided by NASDAQ. More information on NASDAQ traded symbols and their current financial status. Intraday data delayed 15 minutes for Nasdaq, and 20 minutes for other exchanges. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. SEHK intraday data is provided by SIX Financial Information and is at least 60-minutes delayed. All quotes are in local exchange time. Advanced Search Stocks Columns Authors Topics No results found
Please enter your login details    Comment   Forgot password? Rewards Sunday Times The Times LIVE Sites Sowetan LIVE Sunday World BDlive Books Live Other Times Media Titles SEARCH JOBS   m.timeslive.co.za Times LIVE SA kids remain 'chronically malnourished' Mugabe will 'rule Zim, even from a wheelchair' SUBSCRIBE AM PM Marketing News South Africa Africa World Sassa grants save family of six from going hungry For now‚ there is a bit of food in the cupboard for the Mbete family‚ which is entirely dependent on social security. Break-in at Rosebank jewellery store Cape Town residents fume over tapas bar Ex-Springbok in court after car crash Tears roll for judge at ConCourt interview Problems for women in judiciary could fill a book‚ says Acting SCA President Rich-list star: SA home to most dollar multimillionaires on the continent Botswana rocked by earthquake‚ aftershocks felt in South Africa The aftershocks of a large earthquake which struck Botswana were felt as far away as Gauteng on Monday night. Mali peace conference calls for talks with jihadists New jihadist alliance claims border attack in Mali Boko Haram kidnap 22 girls, women in northeast Nigeria 'Political' song puts Nigerian musician in dock Mali's state of emergency extended by 10 days Malawi urged to ban cheap super-strong liquor destroying young lives New sex harassment suit against Fox News, ousted chief Fox News and its ousted chief Roger Ailes were hit Monday with a fresh sexual harassment lawsuit filed by a female contributor who says she was denied a job after refusing the chairman's advances. Survivors sought after Colombia mudslide kills 262 Tunisia shuts nightclub over call to prayer remix Eleven killed in suspected suicide bombing on Russian metro train Trump son-in-law Kushner visits Iraq Explosion hits Saint Petersburg metro, injuries reported Australia's indigenous aid programme bureaucratic and wasteful: UN Politics Politics Government warns anti-Zuma protesters The government has warned protesters demonstrating against President Jacob Zuma that police will crack down on illegal actions. Judge Mandisa Maya tipped to be first female president of the SCA Gigaba to brief media after ratings downgrade 'If Zuma had any decency he'd quit' Downgrade 'slow poison' for SA Junk leader, junk country Moody’s says it may downgrade SA’s credit rating after Cabinet reshuffle Sport Soccer Rugby Cricket Golf Tennis Motor Sport More Sport Jayiya scores hat-trick as Cape Town City thrash Chippa United Bongolethu Jayiya scored a hat trick in the space of 10 minutes for the fastest in the 21-year history of the Premier Soccer League history as Cape Town City went back to the top of the table on Monday night with a convincing 4-1 home win over Chippa United at the... Is Baxter’s link to the Bafana coaching job starting to affect his club United? ‘‘I would have put my house on Chiefs beating Sundowns” — Gavin Hunt Vilakazi and Arendse look likely to miss the rest of the PSL season Title-chasing Cape Town City set sights on premiership summit Dino Ndlovu just cannot stop scoring Baxter allegedly tells Safa he will accept Bafana job on condition his son becomes national team goalkeeper coach Coetzee hopes the versatile Venter will give the Springboks defence bite Springbok coach Allister Coetzee believes that defensive consultant Brendan Venter will bring more cohesion to that aspect of their play in 2017‚ even though he will be the fourth defence coach in a year. Johan Ackermann confirms he's leaving the Lions Ex-Springbok Dalton in court for assault Stormers will measure progress after Chiefs clash Boks gather in Stellenbosch without form fullback SP Marais Smith excited about SA rugby despite Cheetahs setback Ackermann to finally put Lions fans out of their misery and reveal his future plans Why we're all talking about Markram It’s become difficult to read the sport pages without seeing an argument for the inclusion of Aiden Markram at the expense of Stephen Cook in the test squad South Africa will send to England in July. Record-breaking Titans pummel Warriors to lift the Momentum ODI Cup Record breaking Titans pummels Warriors to lift the Momentum ODI Cup Proteas opener Elgar backs Russell Domingo to continue as coach Elliott joins Brummie Bears Warriors hoping to be second time lucky against the Titans in the final Titans coach Mark Boucher defends out-of-form Amla‚ Cook and Duminy Women call to 'dump Trump' While the ANA Inspiring Women in Sports Conference was under way this week, a plane flew over Mission Hills towing a banner reading: "USGA & LPGA: DUMP TRUMP". Jordan Spieth looking forward to shedding Augusta hoodoo Golf to salute 'The King' at Arnold Palmer Invitational Muirfield opens doors to women - and the Open Historic Muirfield club to allow women members Injury-plagued Tiger Woods to miss Arnold Palmer tournament Miami winner Konta into WTA top 10 Britain's Johanna Konta climbed into the WTA top 10 on Monday, the highest place so far in the 25-year-old's career coming after tournament wins in Sydney and Miami. Nadal socks it to Jack, Fabio awaits in semifinal Nadal on track for Federer showdown as Sock downed Vettel and Ferrari are back in the sunshine Sebastian Vettel has lived through a number of false dawns at Ferrari but bright sunshine bathed the team's garage after the German's Australian Grand Prix victory yesterday. Lewis Hamilton fights off Vettel to grab Aussie GP pole Tour de France sets wheels in motion for Chinese revolution Lewis Hamilton 'in league of his own' after Aussie blitz Lewis Hamilton leaves rivals in the dust in season's first practice Lewis wants to see more women in the paddock Lewis Hamilton looks for fast start to new Formula One season Doctor Know: Who would miss golden opportunity like this? Success breeds success. History is littered with examples where one athlete's breakthrough performance and success inspires the next generation to imitate, rather than imagine their own journey to world-class performance. No bomb will stop Oxford Mbalula bids farewell to the 'sport movement' It's Smiling Blue Eyes in a Classic Country Garden WATCH: It's time I gave SA a show not on TV – Van Niekerk confirms participation in SA champs Olympic champion Wayde van Niekerk becomes a Discovery Vitality ambassador 'Marginal gains a load of rubbish' Entertainment Entertainment Competitions KB hopes to 'break stereotypes' with new 7de Laan gig Musician and TV star Keabetswe Mamosadi popularly known as KB hopes to break stereotypes associated with Afrikaans and black culture with her new role on popular Afrikaans soapie 7de Laan. Khanyi Mbau & Nadia Nakai to heat things up on Lip Sync Battle Africa season 2 EXCLUSIVE: 'It was not about Lerato Kganyago, I resigned on principle,' says Bonang Matheba EXCLUSIVE: Explosive battle between Bonang and SABC threatens to go nuclear Here's how Nasty C and Emtee wins this life game Bonang's fans threaten to leave Metro after news of her resignation Bonang on Metro FM resignation: 'I found out about the changes an hour before I went on air' Life & Style Life & Style Food IgnitionLive Books LIVE In Your Corner Blood test could help you find the right meds to fight depression Researchers in the US have identified a biological marker that could help doctors prescribe the most effective medications for depression by means of a simple blood test. The findings bring hope to patients who don't find relief from the most commonly prescribed... Why you should turn your child into a book lover (& how to do it) Two new studies suggest how to improve your cold symptoms IN PICTURES: 7 baby zoo animals that are making the internet say 'awwwww' Grilled salmon with blueberry salsa The gloves are off: will porn stars ever wear condoms? Cape Town bar gets crafty with booze-friendly food (think beer floats!) Consumer Live Consumer Live SA 'up there with the best' recycling plastic bottles Many South Africans are under the impression that we don’t have much of a recycling culture‚ but when it comes to plastic bottles‚ we’re up there with the best in the world. More fakes on the make Travelstart's April Fool's Day prank a non-starter Wesbank accused of 'coaxing' defaulting consumers to surrender their cars Game stores recall 'full HD' TVs that aren't It's high time you got alarmed Don't call us‚ we'll call you‚ and we'll make sure you get help: Credit Ombud Motoring Motoring Ferrari F430 once owned by President Donald Trump sells for $270K A 10-year-old bright red Ferrari that belonged to President Donald Trump went on the block Saturday and sold for $270,000, auctioneers said. Fiat marks 60 years of the Fiat 500 with special edition Ford recalls Ford Fiesta ST models Porsche ups the potency for 2017 Lamborghini breaks another record Mercedes ignition fault can only be fixed mid-2017‚ waiting for parts Sci-Tech Scitech Twitter drops egg icon in battle with Internet 'trolls' An egg icon that for years marked profiles of new Twitter users was gone Monday, a victim of "trolls" who often hid behind them to launch anonymous online attacks. Europe overtakes US as Internet child abuse hub: study WATCH: These microbes use 'gatling guns' to hunt Mother’s Day‚ my phone and apartheid trending on Google SA Twitter makes room for more characters in tweets Space blanket floats away during historic spacewalk SpaceX hails 'revolution' after recycled rocket launch, landing SUNDAY TIMES     Latest previous next Break-in at Rosebank jewellery store Judge Mandisa Maya tipped to be first female president of the SCA Cape Town residents fume over tapas bar Ex-Springbok in court after car crash Deputy mayor's killing a grim reminder of slain family New property Bills out for comment Problems for women in judiciary could fill a book‚ says Acting SCA President Tears roll for judge at ConCourt interview 'Death threats' to newsman Why credit ratings matter and why they can’t be ignored Gigaba to brief media after ratings downgrade Cost of cancer drugs out of control It's the Chad and Cameron show - again SA still a rich-list star SA kids remain 'chronically malnourished' EXCLUSIVE: 'It was not about Lerato Kganyago, I resigned on principle,' says Bonang Matheba Khanyi Mbau & Nadia Nakai to heat things up on Lip Sync Battle Africa season 2 Mugabe will 'rule Zim, even from a wheelchair' 'If Zuma had any decency he'd quit' Health department in sick bay: R3.2bn budget shortfall leaves 11.5% of jobs unfilled Downgrade 'slow poison' for SA Junk leader, junk country Moody’s says it may downgrade SA’s credit rating after Cabinet reshuffle Tunisia shuts nightclub over call to prayer remix Survivors sought after Colombia mudslide kills 262 New sex harassment suit against Fox News, ousted chief Botswana rocked by earthquake‚ aftershocks felt in South Africa SA 'up there with the best' recycling plastic bottles 'Executive changes initiated by President Zuma have put at risk fiscal and growth outcomes' - Read the full statement by ratings agency S&P Clamour for Zuma's head grows after SA relegated to junk status BREAKING: Gauteng hit by another earth tremor OUTA calls for Zuma's head after SA relegated to junk status Acting SCA president reveals issues of racial divisions in the courts Rand slumps nearly 3% to R13.74/$ on downgrade Cosatu to take a view on Zuma's cabinet reshuffle Here's how Nasty C and Emtee stay 'Winning' with new music video Downgrade to junk status - what does it mean? Bonang on Metro FM resignation: 'I found out about the changes an hour before I went on air' BREAKING: SA’s sovereign credit rating downgraded to junk status Tue Apr 04 09:04:17 SAST 2017 Rich splash the cash to secure EU bolthole Home The Times Article Cost of cancer drugs out of control Reuters | 2017-04-04 07:17:49.0 Cancer cells. Image by: Thinkstock Newer cancer drugs that enlist the body's immune system are improving the odds of survival but competition between their developers is not reining in prices - a year's course of treatment can now cost more than $250,000 (about R3.4-million). Save & Share Tweet Email Print The drugs' success for patients is the result of big bets in cancer therapy made by Bristol-Myers Squibb, Merck and Roche, among others. The industry's pipeline of cancer drugs expanded by 63% between 2005 and 2015, according to the QuintilesIMS Institute, and a good number are reaching the market. The global market for cancer immuno-therapies is expected to grow more than fourfold globally to $75.8-billion by 2022 from $16.9-billion in 2015, according to GlobalData. "For cancer drugs in general ... it is hard for us to drive down costs," said Steve Miller, chief medical officer at Express Scripts Holding, the largest US manager of drug benefit plans. "You don't want to be told to use the second-best cancer drug for your child." Lawmakers have talked about solutions ranging from price negotiation to faster approval of new drugs, often invoking increased competition between drugmakers. "Competition is the key to lowering drug prices," US President Donald Trump said in January. But that is not happening. New drugs called "checkpoint inhibitors" release a molecular brake, freeing the immune system to recognise and attack cancer cells. For cancers such as melanoma, the treatments can mean long-term survival for 20% of patients. Current checkpoint inhibitors have a list price of about $150,000 a year. One combination for advanced or inoperable melanoma has a cost of $256,000 a year. Scientific progress and pricing power are driving pharmaceuticals companies to emphasise oncology research. "Most of the strategy of pharmaceuticals companies assumes unrestrained pricing power," said Peter Bach, director of Memorial Sloan Kettering's Centre for Health Policy Outcomes, in New York. Share Tweet SHARE YOUR OPINION If you have an opinion you would like to share on this article, please send us an e-mail to the Times LIVE iLIVE team. In the mean time, click here to view the Times LIVE iLIVE section. Most Popular Today This Week 1 The Big Read: The guilt of the gutless three 2 Downgrade to junk status - what does it mean? 3 Metro FM reshuffle: Bonang resigns, Masechaba jumps on board and Khanyi gets a new show 4 SHOCK! Bonang Matheba resigns from Metro FM 5 Botswana rocked by earthquake‚ aftershocks felt in South Africa 1 Jaws drop in court as airport heist accused reveals he earns R400,000 a month 2 BREAKING: Zuma to justify Gordhan axing with intelligence report - sources 3 Zuma admits that ‘things are bad’ 4 Zuma considers stepping down early in deal to oust Gordhan 5 The Big Read: The guilt of the gutless three Read more popular stories Sponsored Links Main Menu News Politics Business Entertainment Life & Style Sci-Tech Consumer Live Sport Food Our Network Sunday Times SowetanLIVE Sunday World BusinessLIVE Business Day Financial Mail Rand Daily Mail Wanted Online BooksLIVE HeraldLIVE DispatchLIVE IgnitionLIVE Social Network Facebook Twitter Instagram Online Services Advertise Online Mobile site RSS Feeds Syndication Print Services Advertise in print Subscription Services e-Paper Ezines/Magazines SA Home Owner Business Media MAGS African Leader Banker SA FM Boardroom FM Travel Franchising Healthy Times Infrastructure Journal of SA Architecture Pursuit SA Mining Voice of Local Government Contact Us Contact Details Other Terms & Conditions BEE Credentials Times LIVE © Tue Apr 04 09:04:17 SAST 2017 Times Media Group. All rights reserved. Use of this site constitutes acceptance of our Terms & Conditions and Privacy Policy. X
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 3 April 2017 by satprnews satprnews Medication Adherence 2017 Global Market Demand, Growth, Opportunities and analysis of Top Key Player Forecast to 2022 Medication Adherence Market 2017 Wiseguyreports.Com Adds “Medication Adherence Market -Market Demand, Growth, Opportunities, Manufacturers, Analysis of Top Key Players and Forecast to 2022” To Its Research Database. This report studies the global Medication Adherence market, analyzes and research the Medication Adherence development status and forecast in USA, EU, Japan, China, India and Southeast Asia. This report focuses on the top players in global market, like Novartis Pfizer Roche Sanofi Merck & Co. Johnson & Johnson GlaxoSmithKline AstraZeneca Gilead Sciences Takeda AbbVie Amgen Teva Lilly Bristol-Myers Squibb Bayer Novo Nordisk Astellas Boehringer Ingelheim Actavis Request for Sample report @ https://www.wiseguyreports.com/sample-request/1142895-global-medication-adherence-market-research-report-2017 Market segment by Regions/Countries, this report covers USA EU Japan China India Southeast Asia Market segment by Application, Medication Adherence can be split into Cardiovascular Medication Adherence CNS Medication Adherence Diabetes Medication Adherence Oncology Medication Adherence Respiratory Medication Adherence Gastrointestinal Medication Adherence Rheumatology Medication Adherence To get complete report visit@ https://www.wiseguyreports.com/reports/1142895-global-medication-adherence-market-research-report-2017 Key Points in Table of Content: Global Medication Adherence Market Research Report 2017 1 Industry Overview 1.1 Medication Adherence Market Overview 1.1.1 Medication Adherence Product Scope 1.1.2 Market Status and Outlook 1.2 Global Medication Adherence Market Size and Analysis by Regions 1.2.1 USA 1.2.2 EU 1.2.3 Japan 1.2.4 China 1.2.5 India 1.2.6 Southeast Asia 1.3 Medication Adherence Market by End Users/Application 1.3.1 Cardiovascular Medication Adherence 1.3.2 CNS Medication Adherence 1.3.3 Diabetes Medication Adherence 1.3.4 Oncology Medication Adherence 1.3.5 Respiratory Medication Adherence 1.3.6 Gastrointestinal Medication Adherence 1.3.7 Rheumatology Medication Adherence  …. 3 Company (Top Players) Profiles 3.1 Novartis 3.1.1 Company Profile 3.1.2 Main Business/Business Overview 3.1.3 Products, Services and Solutions 3.1.4 Medication Adherence Revenue (Value) 2012-2017 3.1.5 Recent Developments     3.2 Pfizer 3.2.1 Company Profile 3.2.2 Main Business/Business Overview 3.2.3 Products, Services and Solutions 3.2.4 Medication Adherence Revenue (Value) 2012-2017 3.2.5 Recent Developments     3.3 Roche       3.3.1 Company Profile 3.3.2 Main Business/Business Overview 3.3.3 Products, Services and Solutions 3.3.4 Medication Adherence Revenue (Value) 2012-2017 3.3.5 Recent Developments     3.4 Sanofi       3.4.1 Company Profile 3.4.2 Main Business/Business Overview 3.4.3 Products, Services and Solutions 3.4.4 Medication Adherence Revenue (Value) 2012-2017 3.4.5 Recent Developments     3.5 Merck & Co.       3.5.1 Company Profile 3.5.2 Main Business/Business Overview 3.5.3 Products, Services and Solutions 3.5.4 Medication Adherence Revenue (Value) 2012-2017 3.5.5 Recent Developments     3.6 Johnson & Johnson       3.6.1 Company Profile 3.6.2 Main Business/Business Overview 3.6.3 Products, Services and Solutions 3.6.4 Medication Adherence Revenue (Value) 2012-2017 3.6.5 Recent Developments     3.7 GlaxoSmithKline       3.7.1 Company Profile 3.7.2 Main Business/Business Overview 3.7.3 Products, Services and Solutions 3.7.4 Medication Adherence Revenue (Value) 2012-2017 3.7.5 Recent Developments     3.8 AstraZeneca       3.8.1 Company Profile 3.8.2 Main Business/Business Overview 3.8.3 Products, Services and Solutions 3.8.4 Medication Adherence Revenue (Value) 2012-2017 3.8.5 Recent Developments     3.9 Gilead Sciences       3.9.1 Company Profile 3.9.2 Main Business/Business Overview 3.9.3 Products, Services and Solutions 3.9.4 Medication Adherence Revenue (Value) 2012-2017 3.9.5 Recent Developments     3.10 Takeda       3.10.1 Company Profile 3.10.2 Main Business/Business Overview 3.10.3 Products, Services and Solutions 3.10.4 Medication Adherence Revenue (Value) 2012-2017 3.10.5 Recent Developments     3.11 AbbVie 3.12 Amgen 3.13 Teva 3.14 Lilly 3.15 Bristol-Myers Squibb 3.16 Bayer 3.17 Novo Nordisk 3.18 Astellas 3.19 Boehringer Ingelheim 3.20 Actavis  Continued…             Buy this report @ https://www.wiseguyreports.com/checkout?currency=one_user-USD&report_id=1142895 Contact Us: NORAH TRENT                Sales@Wiseguyreports.Com  Ph: +1-646-845-9349 (US) Ph: +44 208 133 9349 (UK) Follow on LinkedIn @https://www.linkedin.com/company/wise-guy-research-consultants-pvt-ltd-?trk=biz-companies-cym       CategoriesUncategorized TagsGoogle News, Medication Adherence, Medication Adherence Industry, Medication Adherence Industry Trends, Medication Adherence Manufacturers, Medication Adherence Market, Medication Adherence Market Growth, Medication Adherence Market Sale, Medication Adherence Market Share, satPRnews, Uncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Empire of Dirt: A Feature Film from 18th Century Ireland is Coming Soon! Next PostNext BbRadio: The Most Compact, Lightweight, PTT Walkie Talkie is Coming Soon! Search Recent Posts Puerto Rico Takes Top Spots at 2017 Human Exploration Rover Challenge Manulife Asset Management Shares Investment Insights in „Global Intelligence Interim Outlook: Spring 2017” RISI’s Latin American Conference Opens Registration to Welcome the Forest Product Industry SHAREHOLDER ALERT: Faruqi & Faruqi, LLP Encourages Investors Who Suffered Losses In Galena Biopharma, Inc. To Contact The Firm What Do You Know About Your Right To Counsel? Business Contacts Business Directory Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Helping the world invest better since 1993. Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Latest Stock Picks Stocks Premium Services Return S&P Stock Advisor Flagship service 227% 68% Rule Breakers High-growth stocks 98% 57% Income Investor Dividend stocks 46% 42% Hidden Gems Small-cap stocks 57% 54% Inside Value Undervalued stocks 47% 31% Returns as of 3/20/2017 Stock Market News Latest Investing News Gainers & Losers in the Market Today 3 Top Dividend Stocks to Buy Now Dividend Paying Stocks for Beginners Top Growth Stock for 2017 Discover High Growth Stocks 10 Best Stocks Right Now Popular Stocks Apple Stock (AAPL) Facebook Stock (FB) Tesla Stock (TSLA) Netflix Stock (NFLX) Google Stock (GOOG) Amazon Stock (AMZN) GE Stock (GE) Disney Stock (DIS) Twitter Stock (TWTR) Snapchat Stock (SNAP) How to Invest Learn How to Invest How to Invest in Stocks Start Investing with $100 a Month Investing Knowledge Center Learn Options Trading Guide to Index, Mutual & ETF Funds How to Build a Dividend Portfolio Investing for Retirement Track Your Performance Portfolio Tracker Rate & Research Stocks - CAPS Investing Accounts Compare Brokerage Accounts Compare IRA Accounts Retirement Retirement Planning 401Ks | IRAs | Asset Allocation Step by step guide to retirement Your 2016 Guide to Retirement Plans Will Social Security be there for me? Retirement Guide: 20s | 30s | 40s | 50s Save for College or Retirement? $16,122 Social Security Bonus Already Retired Time to Retire, Now What? Living in Retirement in Your 60s Should I Reverse Mortgage My Home? Should I Get a Long Term Care Policy? Your 2017 Guide to Social Security Personal Finance Credit Cards Best Credit Cards of 2017 Best Credit Card Sign-Up Bonuses Best Balance-Transfer Credit Cards Best Travel Credit Cards Best Cash-Back Credit Cards Best No-Annual-Fee Credit Cards Mortgages Compare Mortgage Rates Get Pre-Approved How Much House Can I Afford? 11 Mortgage Essentials Demystified Taxes How to Reduce Your Taxes Deductions Even Pros Overlook Audit-Proof Your Tax Return What Info Should I Keep? Saving & Budgeting Getting Out of Debt Create an Emergency Fund Which Accounts Should I Use? College Savings Community Our Mission: Helping the World Invest — Better Founded in 1993 by brothers Tom and David Gardner, The Motley Fool helps millions of people attain financial freedom through our website, podcasts, books, newspaper column, radio show, and premium investing services. Who is The Motley Fool? About Us Foolanthropy Fool.com Site Help Media Inquiries Contact Us Fool Podcasts Motley Fool Money Marketfoolery Industry Focus Motley Fool Answers Rule Breaker Investing Social Media + Facebook Twitter Discussion Boards CAPS - Stock Picking Community Latest Stock Picks Stocks Stocks Premium Services Return S&P Stock Advisor Flagship service 227% 68% Rule Breakers High-growth stocks 98% 57% Income Investor Dividend stocks 46% 42% Hidden Gems Small-cap stocks 57% 54% Inside Value Undervalued stocks 47% 31% Returns as of 3/20/2017 Stock Market News Latest Investing News Gainers & Losers in the Market Today 3 Top Dividend Stocks to Buy Now Dividend Paying Stocks for Beginners Top Growth Stock for 2017 Discover High Growth Stocks 10 Best Stocks Right Now Popular Stocks Apple Stock (AAPL) Facebook Stock (FB) Tesla Stock (TSLA) Netflix Stock (NFLX) Google Stock (GOOG) Amazon Stock (AMZN) GE Stock (GE) Disney Stock (DIS) Twitter Stock (TWTR) Snapchat Stock (SNAP) How to Invest How to Invest Learn How to Invest How to Invest in Stocks Start Investing with $100 a Month Investing Knowledge Center Learn Options Trading Guide to Index, Mutual & ETF Funds How to Build a Dividend Portfolio Investing for Retirement Track Your Performance Portfolio Tracker Rate & Research Stocks - CAPS Investing Accounts Compare Brokerage Accounts Compare IRA Accounts Retirement Retirement Retirement Planning 401Ks IRAs Asset Allocation Step by step guide to retirement Your 2016 Guide to Retirement Plans Will Social Security be there for me? Retirement Guide: 20s Retirement Guide: 30s Retirement Guide: 40s Retirement Guide: 50s Save for College or Retirement? $16,122 Social Security Bonus Already Retired Time to Retire, Now What? Living in Retirement in Your 60s Should I reverse Mortgage My Home? Should I Get a Long Term Care Policy? Your 2016 Guide to Social Security Personal Finance Personal Finance Credit Cards Best Credit Cards of 2017 Best Credit Card Sign-Up Bonuses Best Balance-Transfer Credit Cards Best Travel Credit Cards Best Cash-Back Credit Cards Best No-Annual-Fee Credit Cards Mortgages Compare Mortgage Rates Get Pre-Approved How Much House Can I Afford? 11 Mortgage Essentials Demystified Taxes How to Reduce Your Taxes Deductions Even Pros Overlook Audit-Proof Your Tax Return What Info Should I Keep? Saving & Budgeting Getting Out of Debt Create an Emergency Fund Which Accounts Should I Use? College Savings Community Community Who is The Motley Fool? About Us Foolanthropy Fool.com Site Help Media Inquiries Contact Us Fool Podcasts Motley Fool Money Marketfoolery Industry Focus Motley Fool Answers Rule Breaker Investing Social Media + Facebook Twitter Discussion Boards CAPS - Stock Picking Community Login Search Search: Why Dynavax Technologies Corporation Stock Briefly Spiked Today Dynavax's Heplisav-B is headed to an advisory committee meeting this July. George Budwell (TMFGBudwell) Apr 3, 2017 at 10:05AM What happened Shares of Dynavax Technologies Corporation (NASDAQ:DVAX) gained as much as 19% in pre-market trading this morning on the news that the Food and Drug Administration's vaccines and related biological products advisory committee (VRBPAC) will review the company's experimental hepatitis B vaccine, Heplisav-B, on July 28, 2017. Even though this advisory committee meeting will be held less than two weeks ahead of Heplisav's scheduled Prescription Drug User Fee Act (PDUFA) target action date of Aug. 10, 2017, Dynavax said the FDA isn't currently planning on changing this date. Image source: Getty Images. Despite this surge in pre-market trading, Dynavax's shares opened up only 6% higher, and have steadily cooled off as the market digests this regulatory update.  So what An advisory committee meeting tends to be held when the FDA has outstanding questions about an experimental medical product after a formal internal review has been conducted. In this case, the FDA appears dubious about Heplisav's risk-to-reward profile, which is probably going to be the central theme of the advisory committee. The big picture issue is that GlaxoSmithKline's (NYSE:GSK) Engerix-B and Merck's (NYSE:MRK) Recombivax HB are already on the market for this indication, meaning that there's no overwhelmingly pressing need to approve yet another hepatitis B vaccine.  Now what The one issue working in Heplisav's favor is that there is a documented need for vaccines that target specific subpopulations like diabetics. Review studies, after all, have shown that Engerix-B and Recombivax HB tend to produce fairly weak levels of seroprotection in diabetics compared to non-diabetics. However, the FDA doesn't seem to think this gap in care is sufficient to green-light Heplisav without rigorously vetting its potential side effects.   The bottom line is that an advisory committee is somewhat of a neutral event in Heplisav's case. The FDA's reluctance to approve this vaccine because of rare side effects like Wegener's Granulomatosis isn't exactly a new issue, so an external review was probably always in the cards. At least this time around, investors will get to hear the FDA's side of the story -- instead of having to rely on Dynavax's broad strokes version following a Complete Response Letter.  George Budwell has no position in any stocks mentioned. The Motley Fool has no position in any of the stocks mentioned. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author George Budwell (TMFGBudwell) George Budwell has been writing about healthcare and biotechnology companies at the Motley Fool since 2013. His primary interests are novel small molecule drugs, next generation vaccines, and cell therapies. Article Info Apr 3, 2017 at 10:05AM Health Care Stocks Merck and Co. NYSE:MRK $63.47 down $0.07 (-0.11%) GlaxoSmithKline NYSE:GSK $42.03 down $0.13 (-0.31%) Dynavax Technologies NASDAQ:DVAX $5.85 down $0.10 (-1.68%) Read More Tax-Loss Selling: 3 Stocks to Dump Right Now Does This Upstart Pose a Threat to GlaxoSmithKline? Why Dynavax Technologies Shares Slid 12% in June Why Dynavax Technologies Corporation Stock Is Skyrocketing Today What Will Dynavax Do if Heplisav-B Is Rejected? Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Terms of Use Privacy Policy Accessibility Policy Copyright, Trademark and Patent Information Terms and Conditions © 1995 - 2017 The Motley Fool. All rights reserved. Current Why Dynavax Technologies Corporation Stock Briefly Spiked Today @themotleyfool #stocks $MRK, $GSK, $DVAX
About Us Contact Us Help user name password Client login:    First time user sign up Forgot your login info? Website Directory     Submit Website Search All categoriesAdvertising  GeneralAerospace  GeneralAgriculture  GeneralAirlines  GeneralAmerica - Post 9/11  GeneralApparel  GeneralApple Products  GeneralArchitectural  GeneralArchitecture  ArchitectureArt & Entertainments  Books  Celebrities  Country Music  Dance  Magazines  Movies  Museums  Music  Music Downloads  News & Talk Shows  Performing Arts  Photography  Television  Web SitesArts/Culture  GeneralAuction  GeneralAutomotive  Aftermarket  Classic Autos  Consumer Publications  General  Motorcycle & Bike  Racing  Recreational Vehicle  Repair & Service  Trade PublicationsBlogging & Social Media  Blogging & Social MediaBusiness  Advertising / Marketing  Books  Consumer Research  Direct Marketing  e-Commerce  Entrepreneurs  Finance  Franchise  Human Resources  Insurance  Investment  Management  Markets  Network Marketing  Online Marketing / SEO  Payday Loans  Public Relations  Publications  Real Estate  Retail  Stocks  Supermarkets  Women in BusinessCareers/HR  GeneralChemical  GeneralCoaching / Mentoring  Coaching / MentoringComputers  Apple Products  Databases  Games & Entertainment  General  Hosting  Instruction  Linux / GNU "Open Source"  Macintosh  Microsoft Windows PC  Operating Systems  Programming  Security  Software  Tablet PCs  UtilitiesConstruction  GeneralConsumer  Gifts and Collectibles  Hobbies  Web sites / InternetDesign  Graphic Design  Industrial  WebE-Cigarette  GeneraleCommerce  GeneralEconomy  GeneralEducation  College / University  General  Home Schooling  K-12  Post Graduate  TechnicalElectronics  GeneralEmail Marketing  GeneralEmailWire Press Releases  Press Release TipsEmployment/Careers  GeneralEngineering  GeneralEntertainment  GeneralEnvironment  GeneralEvents / Trade Shows  GeneralFinance  GeneralFood  GeneralFranchise  GeneralFraud / Identity Theft  GeneralGaming  GeneralGovernment  General  Judicial  Law Enforcement  Legislative  Local  National  Public Services  Security  State  TransportationHealthcare  GeneralHome and Family  Banking / Personal Finance  Bereavement / Loss  Home Furnishings / Interiors  Landscaping & Gardening  Marriage / Relationships  Money  Parenting  Payday Loans  Pets  Taxes  Wedding / BridalHome Schooling  GeneralHotels/Resorts  GeneralHousehold  GeneralIndustry  Aerospace / Defense  Agriculture  Apparel / Textiles  Broadcast  Construction / Building  Electrical  Food  Funeral  Healthcare  Leisure / Hospitality  Logistics / Shipping  Manufacturing / Production  Mining / Metals  Oil / Energy  Paper / Forest Products  Plumbing, Heating & AC  Print Media  Printing  Publishing  Radio  Restaurants  Tobacco  ToyInsurance  GeneralInternet/Online  GeneralLegal  GeneralLeisure  GeneralLifestyle  Beauty  Dating / Singles  Diet / Weight Loss  Fashion  Food / Beverage  Health & Fitness  Hotel / Resorts  Pastimes  Restaurants  Retirement  Travel & TourismMachinery  GeneralMaritime  GeneralMedical  Addiction  Allergies  Alternative Medicine  Asthma  Cancer  Cardiology  Chiropractic  Dental  Dermatology  Diabetes  Emergency  Family Medicine  General  General  Geriatrics  Hospitals  Infectious Diseases  Internal Medicine  Managed Care / HMO  Medical Products  Mental Health  Neurology  Nursing  Nutrition  OB / GYN  Pediatrics  Pharmaceuticals  Physical Therapy  Plastic Surgery  Psychology  Radiology / Imaging  Research  Sports Medicine  Surgery  VisionMilitary  GeneralMining/Metals  GeneralMiscellaneous  GeneralNanotechnology  NanotechnologyNon-profit  GeneralOccupational Safety  Occupational SafetyOil/Energy  GeneralOpinion / Editorial  Opinion / EditorialPaper Products  GeneralPaper/Forest  GeneralPharmaceuticals  GeneralPodcasting  Announce  Tools and ServicesPolitics  PoliticsPrint Media  GeneralPublic Utilities  Public UtilitiesPublishing  GeneralRadio  GeneralReal Estate  GeneralReligion  Christian  General  Islam  Jewish  OtherRestaurants  GeneralRetail  GeneralRSS & Content Syndication  RSS & Content SyndicationScience and Research  Science and ResearchSelf-Help / Personal Growth  Self-Help / Personal GrowthShipbuilding  GeneralSociety  African American Interests  Asian Interests  Childrens Issues  Disabled Issues / Disabilities  Gay / Lesbian  Hispanic  Mens Interests  Native American  Senior Citizens  Social Services  Teen Issues/Interests  Womens InterestSoftware  GeneralSports  Baseball  Basketball  Bicycling  Boating / Maritime  Bowling  Boxing  Fishing  Football  Golf  Hockey  Hunting  Martial Arts  Outdoors  Rugby  Soccer  Tennis  Water  Winter/SnowSports/Fitness  GeneralStocks  GeneralSupermarkets  GeneralTechnology  Biotechnology  Computer  Electronics  Enterprise Software  Games  Graphics/Printing/CAD  Hardware / Peripherals  Industrial  Information  Internet  Multimedia  Networking  Public Sector/Government  Robotics  Semiconductor  Software  Telecommunications  WebmastersTelecom  General  WirelessTelevision  GeneralTobacco  GeneralTrade  GeneralTransportation  GeneralTravel  GeneralUtilities  GeneralVolunteer  VolunteerWeather  Weather Home > News By Company > ReportsWeb.com Tweet   Insulin Biosimilars Global Market Key Developments, Outlook, 2016 Analysis & Forecast to 2022 ReportsWeb.com published Insulin Biosimilars Global Market from its database. This report Strategic recommendations in key business segments based on the market estimations. This report Supply chain trends mapping the latest technological advancements.   (EMAILWIRE.COM, April 03, 2017 ) According to Publisher, the Global Insulin Biosimilars market is accounted for $xx million in 2015 and is expected to reach $xx million by 2022 growing at a CAGR of xx% from 2015 to 2022. Growing pervasiveness of type 1 diabetes and ongoing approvals by the government authorities are nurturing the market growth. Some drivers such as growing population exposures, technological developments and favorable medical repayment scenario in developed countries are poised to favour the market growth. For more information about this report: http://www.reportsweb.com/insulin-biosimilars-global-market-outlook-2016-2022 However, patent protection rights of Insulin and strong vengeance from the key manufacturers are some of the restraints limiting the market. North America led the insulin biosimilars market due to rising demand for insulin in the region. Europe is anticipated to account for second largest share and Asia Pacific is expected to grow at a fastest rate during the forecast period. APAC players are competing on the basis of price and have pool of patients affected by diabetes, thus fueling the market growth. Some of the key players operating in the market include Eli Lilly & Co., Boehringer Ingelheim, Merck & Co., Pfizer Inc., Biocon, Mylan N.V., Merck & Co., Pfizer Inc., Sanofi S.A., Ypsomed AG, NOVO Nordisk A/S and Wockhardt Limited. Disease Indications Covered: - Type I Diabetes - Type II Diabetes Biosimilars Types Covered: - Long-Acting Biosimilars - Premixed Biosimilars - Rapid-Acting Biosimilars Request Sample Copy at http://www.reportsweb.com/inquiry&RW0001564963/sample Regions Covered: - North America US Canada Mexico - Europe Germany France Italy UK Spain Rest of Europe - Asia Pacific Japan China India Australia New Zealand Rest of Asia Pacific - Rest of the World Middle East Brazil Argentina South Africa Egypt What our report offers: - Market share assessments for the regional and country level segments - Market share analysis of the top industry players - Strategic recommendations for the new entrants - Market forecasts for a minimum of 7 years of all the mentioned segments, sub segments and the regional markets - Market Trends (Drivers, Constraints, Opportunities, Threats, Challenges, Investment Opportunities, and recommendations) - Strategic recommendations in key business segments based on the market estimations - Competitive landscaping mapping the key common trends - Company profiling with detailed strategies, financials, and recent developments - Supply chain trends mapping the latest technological advancements Company Profiling 9.1 Eli Lilly & Co. 9.2 Boehringer Ingelheim GmbH 9.3 Biocon Limited 9.4 Mylan N.V. 9.5 Merck & Co. 9.6 Pfizer Inc. 9.7 Sanofi S.A. 9.8 Ypsomed AG 9.9 NOVO Nordisk A/S 9.10 Wockhardt Limited Inquire before Buying at http://www.reportsweb.com/inquiry&RW0001564963/buying Contact Information: ReportsWeb.com Priya Sisodia Tel: +1-646-491-9876 Email us This is a press release. Press release distribution and press release services by EmailWire.Com: http://www.emailwire.com/us-press-release-distribution.php. 
   Search All categoriesAdvertising  GeneralAerospace  GeneralAgriculture  GeneralAirlines  GeneralAmerica - Post 9/11  GeneralApparel  GeneralApple Products  GeneralArchitectural  GeneralArchitecture  ArchitectureArt & Entertainments  Books  Celebrities  Country Music  Dance  Magazines  Movies  Museums  Music  Music Downloads  News & Talk Shows  Performing Arts  Photography  Television  Web SitesArts/Culture  GeneralAuction  GeneralAutomotive  Aftermarket  Classic Autos  Consumer Publications  General  Motorcycle & Bike  Racing  Recreational Vehicle  Repair & Service  Trade PublicationsBlogging & Social Media  Blogging & Social MediaBusiness  Advertising / Marketing  Books  Consumer Research  Direct Marketing  e-Commerce  Entrepreneurs  Finance  Franchise  Human Resources  Insurance  Investment  Management  Markets  Network Marketing  Online Marketing / SEO  Payday Loans  Public Relations  Publications  Real Estate  Retail  Stocks  Supermarkets  Women in BusinessCareers/HR  GeneralChemical  GeneralCoaching / Mentoring  Coaching / MentoringComputers  Apple Products  Databases  Games & Entertainment  General  Hosting  Instruction  Linux / GNU "Open Source"  Macintosh  Microsoft Windows PC  Operating Systems  Programming  Security  Software  Tablet PCs  UtilitiesConstruction  GeneralConsumer  Gifts and Collectibles  Hobbies  Web sites / InternetDesign  Graphic Design  Industrial  WebE-Cigarette  GeneraleCommerce  GeneralEconomy  GeneralEducation  College / University  General  Home Schooling  K-12  Post Graduate  TechnicalElectronics  GeneralEmail Marketing  GeneralEmailWire Press Releases  Press Release TipsEmployment/Careers  GeneralEngineering  GeneralEntertainment  GeneralEnvironment  GeneralEvents / Trade Shows  GeneralFinance  GeneralFood  GeneralFranchise  GeneralFraud / Identity Theft  GeneralGaming  GeneralGovernment  General  Judicial  Law Enforcement  Legislative  Local  National  Public Services  Security  State  TransportationHealthcare  GeneralHome and Family  Banking / Personal Finance  Bereavement / Loss  Home Furnishings / Interiors  Landscaping & Gardening  Marriage / Relationships  Money  Parenting  Payday Loans  Pets  Taxes  Wedding / BridalHome Schooling  GeneralHotels/Resorts  GeneralHousehold  GeneralIndustry  Aerospace / Defense  Agriculture  Apparel / Textiles  Broadcast  Construction / Building  Electrical  Food  Funeral  Healthcare  Leisure / Hospitality  Logistics / Shipping  Manufacturing / Production  Mining / Metals  Oil / Energy  Paper / Forest Products  Plumbing, Heating & AC  Print Media  Printing  Publishing  Radio  Restaurants  Tobacco  ToyInsurance  GeneralInternet/Online  GeneralLegal  GeneralLeisure  GeneralLifestyle  Beauty  Dating / Singles  Diet / Weight Loss  Fashion  Food / Beverage  Health & Fitness  Hotel / Resorts  Pastimes  Restaurants  Retirement  Travel & TourismMachinery  GeneralMaritime  GeneralMedical  Addiction  Allergies  Alternative Medicine  Asthma  Cancer  Cardiology  Chiropractic  Dental  Dermatology  Diabetes  Emergency  Family Medicine  General  General  Geriatrics  Hospitals  Infectious Diseases  Internal Medicine  Managed Care / HMO  Medical Products  Mental Health  Neurology  Nursing  Nutrition  OB / GYN  Pediatrics  Pharmaceuticals  Physical Therapy  Plastic Surgery  Psychology  Radiology / Imaging  Research  Sports Medicine  Surgery  VisionMilitary  GeneralMining/Metals  GeneralMiscellaneous  GeneralNanotechnology  NanotechnologyNon-profit  GeneralOccupational Safety  Occupational SafetyOil/Energy  GeneralOpinion / Editorial  Opinion / EditorialPaper Products  GeneralPaper/Forest  GeneralPharmaceuticals  GeneralPodcasting  Announce  Tools and ServicesPolitics  PoliticsPrint Media  GeneralPublic Utilities  Public UtilitiesPublishing  GeneralRadio  GeneralReal Estate  GeneralReligion  Christian  General  Islam  Jewish  OtherRestaurants  GeneralRetail  GeneralRSS & Content Syndication  RSS & Content SyndicationScience and Research  Science and ResearchSelf-Help / Personal Growth  Self-Help / Personal GrowthShipbuilding  GeneralSociety  African American Interests  Asian Interests  Childrens Issues  Disabled Issues / Disabilities  Gay / Lesbian  Hispanic  Mens Interests  Native American  Senior Citizens  Social Services  Teen Issues/Interests  Womens InterestSoftware  GeneralSports  Baseball  Basketball  Bicycling  Boating / Maritime  Bowling  Boxing  Fishing  Football  Golf  Hockey  Hunting  Martial Arts  Outdoors  Rugby  Soccer  Tennis  Water  Winter/SnowSports/Fitness  GeneralStocks  GeneralSupermarkets  GeneralTechnology  Biotechnology  Computer  Electronics  Enterprise Software  Games  Graphics/Printing/CAD  Hardware / Peripherals  Industrial  Information  Internet  Multimedia  Networking  Public Sector/Government  Robotics  Semiconductor  Software  Telecommunications  WebmastersTelecom  General  WirelessTelevision  GeneralTobacco  GeneralTrade  GeneralTransportation  GeneralTravel  GeneralUtilities  GeneralVolunteer  VolunteerWeather  Weather Advertising | How to contact us | Privacy Statement | EmailWire Press Releases | Partnership Opportunities EmailWire is a press release distribution service of GroupWeb Media LLC. © Copyright GroupWeb Media LLC 2017
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Helping the world invest better since 1993. Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Latest Stock Picks Stocks Premium Services Return S&P Stock Advisor Flagship service 227% 68% Rule Breakers High-growth stocks 98% 57% Income Investor Dividend stocks 46% 42% Hidden Gems Small-cap stocks 57% 54% Inside Value Undervalued stocks 47% 31% Returns as of 3/20/2017 Stock Market News Latest Investing News Gainers & Losers in the Market Today 3 Top Dividend Stocks to Buy Now Dividend Paying Stocks for Beginners Top Growth Stock for 2017 Discover High Growth Stocks 10 Best Stocks Right Now Popular Stocks Apple Stock (AAPL) Facebook Stock (FB) Tesla Stock (TSLA) Netflix Stock (NFLX) Google Stock (GOOG) Amazon Stock (AMZN) GE Stock (GE) Disney Stock (DIS) Twitter Stock (TWTR) Snapchat Stock (SNAP) How to Invest Learn How to Invest How to Invest in Stocks Start Investing with $100 a Month Investing Knowledge Center Learn Options Trading Guide to Index, Mutual & ETF Funds How to Build a Dividend Portfolio Investing for Retirement Track Your Performance Portfolio Tracker Rate & Research Stocks - CAPS Investing Accounts Compare Brokerage Accounts Compare IRA Accounts Retirement Retirement Planning 401Ks | IRAs | Asset Allocation Step by step guide to retirement Your 2016 Guide to Retirement Plans Will Social Security be there for me? Retirement Guide: 20s | 30s | 40s | 50s Save for College or Retirement? $16,122 Social Security Bonus Already Retired Time to Retire, Now What? Living in Retirement in Your 60s Should I Reverse Mortgage My Home? Should I Get a Long Term Care Policy? Your 2017 Guide to Social Security Personal Finance Credit Cards Best Credit Cards of 2017 Best Credit Card Sign-Up Bonuses Best Balance-Transfer Credit Cards Best Travel Credit Cards Best Cash-Back Credit Cards Best No-Annual-Fee Credit Cards Mortgages Compare Mortgage Rates Get Pre-Approved How Much House Can I Afford? 11 Mortgage Essentials Demystified Taxes How to Reduce Your Taxes Deductions Even Pros Overlook Audit-Proof Your Tax Return What Info Should I Keep? Saving & Budgeting Getting Out of Debt Create an Emergency Fund Which Accounts Should I Use? College Savings Community Our Mission: Helping the World Invest — Better Founded in 1993 by brothers Tom and David Gardner, The Motley Fool helps millions of people attain financial freedom through our website, podcasts, books, newspaper column, radio show, and premium investing services. Who is The Motley Fool? About Us Foolanthropy Fool.com Site Help Media Inquiries Contact Us Fool Podcasts Motley Fool Money Marketfoolery Industry Focus Motley Fool Answers Rule Breaker Investing Social Media + Facebook Twitter Discussion Boards CAPS - Stock Picking Community Latest Stock Picks Stocks Stocks Premium Services Return S&P Stock Advisor Flagship service 227% 68% Rule Breakers High-growth stocks 98% 57% Income Investor Dividend stocks 46% 42% Hidden Gems Small-cap stocks 57% 54% Inside Value Undervalued stocks 47% 31% Returns as of 3/20/2017 Stock Market News Latest Investing News Gainers & Losers in the Market Today 3 Top Dividend Stocks to Buy Now Dividend Paying Stocks for Beginners Top Growth Stock for 2017 Discover High Growth Stocks 10 Best Stocks Right Now Popular Stocks Apple Stock (AAPL) Facebook Stock (FB) Tesla Stock (TSLA) Netflix Stock (NFLX) Google Stock (GOOG) Amazon Stock (AMZN) GE Stock (GE) Disney Stock (DIS) Twitter Stock (TWTR) Snapchat Stock (SNAP) How to Invest How to Invest Learn How to Invest How to Invest in Stocks Start Investing with $100 a Month Investing Knowledge Center Learn Options Trading Guide to Index, Mutual & ETF Funds How to Build a Dividend Portfolio Investing for Retirement Track Your Performance Portfolio Tracker Rate & Research Stocks - CAPS Investing Accounts Compare Brokerage Accounts Compare IRA Accounts Retirement Retirement Retirement Planning 401Ks IRAs Asset Allocation Step by step guide to retirement Your 2016 Guide to Retirement Plans Will Social Security be there for me? Retirement Guide: 20s Retirement Guide: 30s Retirement Guide: 40s Retirement Guide: 50s Save for College or Retirement? $16,122 Social Security Bonus Already Retired Time to Retire, Now What? Living in Retirement in Your 60s Should I reverse Mortgage My Home? Should I Get a Long Term Care Policy? Your 2016 Guide to Social Security Personal Finance Personal Finance Credit Cards Best Credit Cards of 2017 Best Credit Card Sign-Up Bonuses Best Balance-Transfer Credit Cards Best Travel Credit Cards Best Cash-Back Credit Cards Best No-Annual-Fee Credit Cards Mortgages Compare Mortgage Rates Get Pre-Approved How Much House Can I Afford? 11 Mortgage Essentials Demystified Taxes How to Reduce Your Taxes Deductions Even Pros Overlook Audit-Proof Your Tax Return What Info Should I Keep? Saving & Budgeting Getting Out of Debt Create an Emergency Fund Which Accounts Should I Use? College Savings Community Community Who is The Motley Fool? About Us Foolanthropy Fool.com Site Help Media Inquiries Contact Us Fool Podcasts Motley Fool Money Marketfoolery Industry Focus Motley Fool Answers Rule Breaker Investing Social Media + Facebook Twitter Discussion Boards CAPS - Stock Picking Community Login Search Search: 3 Stocks the Smartest Investors are Buying Right Now Idera Pharmaceuticals, Bristol-Myers Squibb, and Apple have attracted the attention of some of the world's best investors of late. George Budwell, Chuck Saletta, and Cory Renauer (TMFGBudwell) Apr 3, 2017 at 8:21AM Although it's never a particularly good strategy to blindly follow other investors, the activity of elite investors like Carl Icahn and Warren Buffet (which is reported quarterly) can provide worthwhile investing ideas. Armed with this insight, we asked three of our contributors which stocks they think might be worth taking a cue on from the smartest investors. They recommended Idera Pharmaceuticals (NASDAQ:IDRA), Bristol-Myers Squibb (NYSE:BMY), and Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL). Below, they outline their reasoning for why they think these three stocks may be worth buying right now.  Image Source: Getty Images. The Baker Brothers are gobbling up this tiny biotech George Budwell (Idera): Julian and Felix Baker seemingly have the Midas touch when it comes to picking clinical-stage biotechs. So when their aptly named hedge Baker Bros. Advisors fund picked up another 3.25 million shares of Idera Pharmaceuticals in the fourth quarter of 2016, I stood up and took notice.  Although Idera has three drug candidates under development at the moment, the company's most important value driver is IMO-2125. IMO-2125 is a TLR9 agonist designed to be used in combination with either Bristol-Myers Squibb's Yervoy or Merck's Keytruda in patients with advanced skin cancer who fail to respond to checkpoint inhibitor monotherapy. At a recent conference, Idera reported that IMO-2125 showed some encouraging synergistic effects with Yervoy in an early stage study, warranting further development. In response, multiple analysts ratcheted up their one-year price targets for Idera's shares, implying an upside potential of 139% from current levels.  The basic issue is that IMO-2125 may be able to grab an accelerated regulatory approval based on the need for alternative treatment options for skin cancer patients who don't respond to checkpoint inhibitors -- combined with the drug's promising early results. If so, Idera could break into the commercial-stage biotech population within the next two years and perhaps generate hundreds of millions in sales in the process. So Idera may still be grossly undervalued, with a current market cap of $371 million despite its shares gaining 66% so far this year. That said, the Baker brothers have periodically been dead wrong about clinical-stage biotechs in the past, and encouraging early stage results often fail to translate into viable commercial products, especially among oncology drug candidates. As such, investors certainly shouldn't ignore the serious risks associated with this stock, even if the Baker brothers did dramatically up their stake in the most recent quarter.   Can Icahn do it again? Cory Renauer (Bristol-Myers Squibb Co): Carl Icahn's ability to sniff out opportunity in biopharma could make Bristol one of the best cancer drug stocks you can buy this year. He scooped up shares of ImClone Systems after an insider trading scandal sent them plunging. As board chairman, he helped orchestrate its sale to Eli Lilly at a steep premium.  More, recently a manufacturing glitch led Genzyme shares low enough to stir Icahn's interest. After taking on a huge stake in the company, he helped negotiate a deal with Sanofi, to Genzyme shareholders' immense benefit. Bristol-Myers Squibb got on Icahn's radar following a clinical trial misstep with Opdivo. Although Opdivo is approved for the treatment of advanced lung cancer in cases where previous lines of therapy have failed to halt its progression, it failed to outperform standard chemotherapy in the first-line setting. The clinical setback was significant, but I don't think Opdivo sales, or Bristol's bottom line, are finished climbing. The blockbuster cancer drug makes it hard for tumors to shut down an immune system attack, an effective approach that led to the drug generating a stunning $3.77 billion in sales last year. However, with a $92 billion market cap at recent prices, selling Bristol for a premium would be much harder to pull off than Icahn's previous triumphs. Whatever the activist investor's intentions may be, Bristol's shares look like a relative bargain. The stock has been trading at just 18 times forward earnings estimates despite expectations of 14.5% annual earnings growth over the next five years. While a mega-merger at a premium would be a nice cherry on top, simply meeting consensus growth expectations would make this stock a pretty sweet deal. Buffett bets big on this tech titan Chuck Saletta (Apple): Warren Buffett's Berkshire Hathaway added over 42 million shares of tech titan Apple in its most recent disclosure filing period. Buffett is a renowned value investor and known for avoiding investments in technology companies, so that big bet on a tech titan is a bold move. Apple is something of a challenge for value-oriented investors. On one hand, its shares don't look expensive based on backwards-looking valuation metrics, especially when you consider its exceptionally strong balance sheet and the cash and short-term investments piled up there. On the other hand, its growth opportunities are tied to the hardware upgrade cycle -- particularly regarding its iPhones. That reliance on an upgrade cycle makes Apple's growth prospects vulnerable to consumers who don't feel the new features are worth the cost of an upgrade. It also puts Apple at risk of competition that may be able to leapfrog Apple's own innovations or offer similar features at lower prices. That makes forecasting Apple's future growth -- a key driver of most valuation models -- cloudier than it would be with a company with a less innovation-dependent repeat purchase cycle. Still, a vote of confidence in the form of a large share purchase from a value investing maven like Warren Buffett is a sign that Apple has substantial branding and staying power. Only the future will tell whether Apple can deliver the growth it needs to justify its market price today, but if Buffett is confident enough in that growth to invest, who am I to argue?    Chuck Saletta has no position in any stocks mentioned. Cory Renauer has no position in any stocks mentioned. George Budwell owns shares of Berkshire Hathaway (B shares). The Motley Fool owns shares of and recommends Apple and Berkshire Hathaway (B shares). The Motley Fool has the following options: long January 2018 $90 calls on Apple and short January 2018 $95 calls on Apple. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author George Budwell, Chuck Saletta, and Cory Renauer (TMFGBudwell) George Budwell has been writing about healthcare and biotechnology companies at the Motley Fool since 2013. His primary interests are novel small molecule drugs, next generation vaccines, and cell therapies. Article Info Apr 3, 2017 at 8:21AM Health Care Stocks Apple NASDAQ:AAPL $143.70 up $0.04 (0.03%) Bristol-Myers Squibb NYSE:BMY $54.21 down $0.17 (-0.31%) Idera Pharmaceuticals NASDAQ:IDRA $2.43 down $0.04 (-1.62%) Read More 3 Best Pharmaceutical Stocks for Long-Term Investors 3 Top Cancer Drug Stocks to Buy in 2017 Merck Makes Nice With Bristol-Myers Squibb The Big Reason Bristol-Myers Squibb Company Stock Exploded 15% Higher in February Factor Xa's Win Billions of Dollars in Sales From Warfarin Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Terms of Use Privacy Policy Accessibility Policy Copyright, Trademark and Patent Information Terms and Conditions © 1995 - 2017 The Motley Fool. All rights reserved. Current 3 Stocks the Smartest Investors are Buying Right Now @themotleyfool #stocks $AAPL, $BMY, $IDRA
NEWS National Sports Lifestyle & Entertainment Business International Editor's Picks Snippets Lahore Karachi Islamabad OPINION Editorials Columns Mailbox Multimedia News In Pictures Cartoons Print Edition Today's Paper E-PAPER Blogs Read All Blogs Write For Us Nawaiwaqt Group Nawaiwaqt Newspaper Waqt News TV Family Magazine Phool Magazine Nidaimillat Magazine Sunday Magazine Weekend Young Nation Articles eMag October Reign Tuesday | April 04, 2017 NEWS National Sports Lifestyle & Entertainment Business International Editor's Picks Snippets Lahore Karachi Islamabad OPINION Editorials Columns Mailbox Multimedia News In Pictures Cartoons Videos Editor's Picks Featured Newspaper Picks Print Edition Today's Paper E-Paper Blogs Read All Blogs Write For Us Connect with us   Facebook Twitter Google Plus RSS Youtube     Follow @the_nation   Latest Apr 04, 11:41 am Orange Line Metro shouldn’t harm historical sites: SC Apr 04, 11:16 am Zulfikar Ali Bhutto: The man who saved Pakistan after the 1971 breakup Apr 04, 11:12 am Ajmer Sharif's head supports ban on beef, cow slaughter Apr 04, 10:51 am Naeem-ul-Haq clarifies his comments about Gen Kiyani Apr 04, 10:27 am ‘Imran Khan who?’ – Ayaz Sadiq refuses to recognise the PTI chief Apr 04, 10:02 am Earthquake jolts Malakand, Lower Dir, sorrounding areas Apr 04, 09:51 am Public holiday in Sindh as PPP observes Bhutto’s 38th death anniversary Apr 04, 09:26 am Trudeau ‘proud’ as Malala to formally receive Canadian citizenship on 12th   The cost of cancer: new drugs show success at a steep price April 03, 2017, 5:42 pm SHARE : Reuters Tweet Newer cancer drugs that enlist the body's immune system are improving the odds of survival, but competition between them is not reining in prices that can now top $250,000 a year. The drugs' success for patients is the result of big bets in cancer therapy made by Bristol-Myers Squibb Co (BMY.N), Merck & Co Inc (MRK.N) and Roche Holding AG (ROG.S), among others in big pharma. The industry's pipeline of cancer drugs expanded by 63 percent between 2005 and 2015, according to the QuintilesIMS Institute, and a good number are reaching the market. The global market for cancer immunotherapies alone is expected to grow more than fourfold globally to $75.8 billion by 2022 from $16.9 billion in 2015, according to research firm GlobalData.  "For cancer drugs in general ... it is hard for us to drive down cost," said Steve Miller, chief medical officer at Express Scripts Holding Co (ESRX.O), the nation's largest manager of drug benefit plans for employers and insurers. "You don't want to be in the position of being told to use the second best cancer drug for your child." Lawmakers on both sides of the aisle, as well as President Donald Trump, have been grappling with how to restrain rising prescription drug costs. They have talked about solutions ranging from more price negotiation to faster approval of new drugs, often invoking increased competition between drugmakers. "Competition is key to lowering drug prices," Trump told pharmaceutical executives at an Oval Office meeting in January. But that is not happening with new drugs called checkpoint inhibitors that work by releasing a molecular brake, allowing the immune system to recognize and attack cancer cells the same way it fights infections caused by bacteria or viruses. For cancers like melanoma, the treatments can mean long-term survival for around 20 percent of patients. Bristol's Yervoy, first approved in 2011, targets a protein known as CTLA-4. Other immunotherapies, including Bristol's Opdivo, Keytruda from Merck, Roche's Tecentriq, and Pfizer Inc's (PFE.N) Bavencio, involve a different protein called PD-1. Other targets are being explored. Some new data will be presented this week in Washington at the American Association for Cancer Research's annual meeting. Current checkpoint inhibitors each have a list price near $150,000 a year. A combination of Yervoy and Opdivo, approved by the Food and Drug Administration for advanced or inoperable melanoma, has a cost of $256,000 a year for patients who respond to the treatment. Similar immunotherapies are in development at companies like AstraZeneca Plc (AZN.L). Merck, which declined to comment on pricing plans, expects an FDA decision by May 10 on its combination of Keytruda and chemotherapy as an initial treatment for the most common form of lung cancer - by far the biggest market for cancer drugs. Pfizer said Bavencio, cleared by the FDA earlier this month to treat Merkel cell carcinoma, a rare type of skin cancer, has a price "comparable to other checkpoint inhibitors approved for different indications." The pharmaceutical industry holds that discussion of prescription drug prices has to take into account the major investment required for innovation and discovery of new lifesaving drugs. "UNRESTRAINED PRICING POWER" Scientific progress, and pricing power, are driving pharmaceutical companies to emphasize oncology research. "Most of the strategy on the part of pharmaceutical companies assumes unrestrained pricing power," said Dr. Peter Bach, director of Memorial Sloan Kettering's Center for Health Policy Outcomes in New York. "We don't see evidence that companies are pursuing cost-effective strategies." Health insurers have had success in demanding price concessions in some drug categories - like diabetes, where several companies sell similar products and insurers are able to negotiate price discounts or rebates in exchange for coverage. According to IMS, that tactic capped the overall rise in spending on diabetes medicines at 8 percent in 2015, compared with an increase of 30 percent in billed invoices. All of the invoice price growth for insulin was offset by price cuts, the institute said. But discounting is much less common for newer, innovative cancer drugs, mostly given by injection and approved for defined patient populations. Tweet More by Reuters RELATED NEWS November 09, 2016 Gut bacteria ‘may help drugs fight cancer’ July 23, 2016 Scientists hunt 'anti-evolution' drugs in new cancer fight July 27, 2015 Cheap drugs cut breast cancer deaths by 18pc August 13, 2013 Breast cancer drugs ‘could treat lung cancer’ MORE IN HEALTH March 27, 2017, 11:08 pm Hepatitis C drug faces fierce battle February 15, 2017, 11:56 pm Footballers prone to brain damage, dementia: study January 19, 2017, 1:13 pm MSD for Mothers commits $10m, expertise to help end preventable deaths January 14, 2017, 5:22 pm Ebola's long-term effects revealed Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. comments powered by Disqus TODAY'S POPULAR Most Viewed | Most Commented Undertaker retires Salafi NATO and Shia eclipse Gen Raheel's role in Saudi-led military alliance concerns ... Pakistan jump to 4th in ICC T20 rankings after beating West ... Gen Raheel's role in Saudi-led military alliance concerns ... ‘Stop bullying ECP and give income evidence,’ Marriyum ... SHC orders to reinstate AD Khawaja as IG Sindh PTA to form cyber security directorate to track blasphemous ... LATEST COMMENTS asad lateef HA HA HA HA asad lateef 0+0+0=0 this is my answer. Mujahid Bhutto was a criminal...... Justice was done.......... ADVERTISEMENT LATEST COMMENTS asad lateef HA HA HA HA asad lateef 0+0+0=0 this is my answer. Mujahid Bhutto was a criminal...... Justice was done.......... OUR CONTACT DETAILS NIPCO House, 4 Shaarey Fatima Jinnah, LAHORE (Pakistan) Tel : 092-42-6367580 Fax : 092-42-6367005 About Us Advertise Contact Us Terms & Conditions © COPYRIGHT 2017, NAWAIWAQT GROUP OF NEWSPAPERS Powered by :
395851 3468 sfoglia le notizie Newsletter Chi siamo METEO Milano Roma Torino Napoli ◄ ► SEGUI IL TUO OROSCOPO Ariete Toro Gemelli Cancro Leone Vergine Bilancia Scorpione Sagittario Capricorno Acquario Pesci ◄ ► Menù Immediapress Home Fatti Cronaca Politica Esteri Regioni e Province Video News Tg AdnKronos Soldi Finanza Economia Euro Fondi News Italia Economia Lavoro Norme Dati Sindacato Professionisti Previdenza Start up Made in Italy Cerco lavoro Multimediale Salute Sanità Medicina Farmaceutica Doctor's Life Salus tg Salus tv Sport Risultati Live calcio Gol Serie A Gol Coppa Italia Cultura Musei On Line Musa TV Intrattenimento Spettacolo Rotocalco Automotive Weekend Magazine Speciali Benessere Cybernews Moda Meteo Turismo Sostenibilità Risorse World in Progress Tendenze Csr In Pubblico In Privato Best Practices Appuntamenti Normativa Dalla A alla Z Focus Professioni Prometeo TV Immediapress Agricoltura e Allevamento Alimentazione Ambiente Architettura e Edilizia Arredamento e Design Auto e Motori Chimica e Farmacia Cultura e Tempo Libero Economia e Finanza Energia Formazione e Lavoro Ict Meccanica Media e Pubblicita Moda Politica e PA Salute e Benessere Sport Terzo Settore Trasporti e Logistica Turismo PR Newswire Multimedia Video News Tg AdnKronos Fotogallery Salus TG Salus TV Rotocalco AdnKronos – Governo Informa Musa TV Italia Economia Prometeo TV Gastronomia Automotive Weekend Audio News GrAudio AKI Politica Economia Sicurezza Cultura e Media Religione Agricoltura e Allevamento Alimentazione Ambiente Architettura e Edilizia Arredamento e Design Auto e Motori Chimica e Farmacia Cultura e Tempo Libero Economia e Finanza Energia Formazione e Lavoro Ict Meccanica Media e Pubblicita Moda Politica e PA Salute e Benessere Sport Terzo Settore Trasporti e Logistica Turismo PR Newswire Home . Immediapress . Chimica e Farmacia . Merck Introduces Next-Generation High-Sensitivity Protein Detection Platform Merck Introduces Next-Generation High-Sensitivity Protein Detection Platform CHIMICA E FARMACIA Tweet Condividi su WhatsApp Pubblicato il: 03/04/2017 14:01 - New SMCxPRO™ technology offers high speed, high sensitivity for single molecule detection - Meets customer demand for biomarker and novel target discovery and detection DARMSTADT, Germany, April 3, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- Merck, a leading science and technology company, today announced the launch of its newest high-sensitivity detection platform, SMCxPRO™ technology, at the American Association for Cancer Research Annual Meeting in Washington, D.C.  Photo - https://mma.prnewswire.com/media/485409/Merck_SMCxPRO.jpg The SMCxPRO™ platform allows researchers to detect and quantify low-abundance biomarkers that traditional methods cannot measure. The instrument features a high-sensitivity detection system, with speed and accuracy, in a compact design. It will be available in Q3 of 2017. "Merck's newest innovation, SMCxPRO™ technology, is part of a suite of tools for detecting and characterizing, accelerating drug discovery and improving overall lab productivity," said Jason Apter, Head of Research Solutions Strategic Marketing & Innovation at the life science business sector of Merck. "Detection of low-abundance biomarkers allows for quantitation of a new class of novel targets. We are committed to empowering researchers by providing the technologies needed to accelerate advancements in healthcare." Along with the new SMCxPRO™ technology, Merck offers a wide range of solutions for biomarker discovery and novel target identification including its recently released Sanger CRISPR libraries that expand the company's suite of gene editing tools. AACR attendees are encouraged to visit booth #931 to learn more about Merck's life science products and to speak with company experts. Follow us on twitter @Merck_lifesci. All Merck news releases are distributed by email at the same time they become available on the Merck website. Please go to www.merckgroup.com/subscribe to register online, change your selection or discontinue this service. About MerckMerck is a leading science and technology company in healthcare, life science and performance materials. Around 50,000 employees work to further develop technologies that improve and enhance life – from biopharmaceutical therapies to treat cancer or multiple sclerosis, cutting-edge systems for scientific research and production, to liquid crystals for smartphones and LCD televisions. In 2016, Merck generated sales of € 15.0 billion in 66 countries. Founded in 1668, Merck is the world's oldest pharmaceutical and chemical company. The founding family remains the majority owner of the publicly listed corporate group. Merck holds the global rights to the Merck name and brand. The only exceptions are the United States and Canada, where the company operates as EMD Serono, MilliporeSigma and EMD Performance Materials.   To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/merck-introduces-next-generation-high-sensitivity-protein-detection-platform-300433140.html Tweet Condividi su WhatsApp TAG: Immediapress, comunicati, aziende informano, press release Commenti Per scrivere un commento è necessario registrarsi ed accedere: ACCEDI oppure REGISTRATI Tg AdnKronos, 3 aprile 2017 Cerca Notizie Più Cliccate 1. Pensione anticipata, da oggi si calcola online 2. Rissa in diretta tv, volano schiaffi a Domenica Live 3. Pensione anticipata, cos'è e come fare domanda 4. Terrore a San Pietroburgo, bomba in metro: 11 morti e 42 feriti 5. Conto corrente, le regole per pagare meno spese Video 'Ndrangheta, maxi-operazioni contro le cosche calabresi: arresti Giovane accoltellato a morte a Brescia, l'aggressione in un video Lavori pericolosi e false certificazioni, truffa da 13 milioni per lavori sulla Salerno-RC Come armi e droga: il business degli animali Revolver, Ak 47 e carabine: arsenale sequestrato in una cantina La carica dei bulldog, raduno record a Brescia Balletto e breakdance insieme in un video L'identità di un'auto, il linguaggio stilistico Škoda La poesia del cinema per Giornata mondiale autismo In Evidenza Design, a Milano sfida in bianco tra archistar con White in the City Panasonic al FuoriSalone tra tradizione artigianale e tecnologia BioInItaly Investment Forum Lega Pro, ADM e Sportradar firmano protocollo per contrasto match fixing CIDA: "Alternanza scuola-lavoro. Una risorsa da costruire insieme" Sharing Italy Hi Future! Guarda avanti VIII Conferenza economica CIA - 'Agricoltura crea valore' Tonno Callipo una storia che arriva dal mare ‘Diritti in Salute’ di Altroconsumo LAV, i lasciti testamentari a favore di animali Eni – Future Experience for You(ng) Non più centrali elettriche, nuova vita per 23 impianti Assogenerici apre le porte delle aziende con "Fabbriche aperte” Il cambiamento siamo noi, Poste Italiane guarda al futuro   Seguici 395851 3468 Fatti Soldi Lavoro Salute Sport Cultura Intrattenimento Magazine Sostenibilità Immediapress Multimedia AKI Chi siamo Palazzo dell'Informazione © 2014 GMC S.A.P.A. di G.P. Marra - Piazza Mastai, 9 - 00153 Roma partita IVA 01145141006 - codice fiscale e Registro Imprese di Roma 02981990589 copyright - disclaimer - privacy - gruppo adnkronos - contatti - archivio - cookie
Latest News Dow 20,650 -13.01 -0.06% Nasdaq 5,895 -17.06 -0.29% S&P 500 2,359 -3.88 -0.16% 3:03 A.M. ET Germany's DAX 30 index opens 0.1% lower at 12,248.53 3:02 A.M. ET Updated How the ‘3M’ option — Merkel, Macron and May— would mean stability for Europe 3:01 A.M. ET France's CAC 40 index opens 0.1% higher at 5,089.30 3:01 A.M. ET U.K.'s FTSE 100 opens 0.3% higher at 7,299.54 3:00 A.M. ET Stoxx Europe 600 opens 0.1% lower at 379.01 2:54 A.M. ET Updated Even after Brexit, central banks prefer pounds over euros: survey 2:54 A.M. ET Updated How the pending Aramco IPO could cause a surge in oil prices 2:53 A.M. ET Updated The Dow rally’s ‘in trouble’ if this warning flag holds true 2:50 A.M. ET Updated Apple makes move that could improve its gadgets, but it won’t be easy 2:30 A.M. ET Apple price target lifted to $150 from $140 at Pacific Crest 2:29 A.M. ET Nvidia downgraded to underweight from sector weight at Pacific Crest 2:28 A.M. ET South African rand falls another 1.4% against dollar to $13.87 after S&P downgrade 1:52 A.M. ET ABB to buy Bernecker + Rainer 12:57 A.M. ET Euro, dollar weaker against yen as investors shy away from riskier assets 12:44 A.M. ET Oil prices hold after Monday's pullback 12:08 A.M. ET Updated North Carolina stuffs Gonzaga to win NCAA basketball championship 4/03 Australian trade surplus higher than forecast 4/03 Asian markets pull back amid growing global uncertainty 4/03 India stocks close at 2-year high as investors bullish on Modi 4/03 Updated As weddings become more elaborate and expensive, guests send more regrets Log In My MarketWatch Home Press Release Corticosteroids Market Key Players Profile and Industry Analysis to 2022 - ReportnReports By Published: Apr 2, 2017 9:30 p.m. ET Share PUNE, India, April 3, 2017 /PRNewswire via COMTEX/ -- PUNE, India, April 3, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- Global Corticosteroids Market report provides a basic overview of the industry including definitions, classifications, applications and industry chain structure. The Corticosteroids market analysis is provided for the international market including development history, competitive landscape analysis, and major regions' development status. Complete report on Corticosteroids industry spread across 105 pages providing 08 company profiles and 181 tables and figures is available at http://www.reportsnreports.com/reports/901158-global-corticosteroids-market-research-report-2017.html. Market Segment by Regions, this report splits Global into several key Region, with production, consumption, revenue, market share and growth rate of Corticosteroids in these regions, from 2012 to 2022 (forecast), like North America, China, Europe, Japan, India, Southeast Asia split by product type, with production, revenue, price, market share and growth rate of each type Split by application, this report focuses on consumption, market share and growth rate of Corticosteroids in each application. This report studies Corticosteroids in Global market, especially in North America, Europe, China, Japan, Southeast Asia and India, focuses on top manufacturers in global market, with sales, price, revenue and market share for each manufacturer, covering Sumitomo, Pfizer, Novartis, Merck, Sanofi, Johnson and Johnson, GSK, AstraZeneca and Cipla. Buy a copy at http://www.reportsnreports.com/purchase.aspx?name=901158 . Related Reports:  Global Steroid-Corticosteroids Market Research Report 2017 The Global Steroid-Corticosteroids Industry, 2017 Market Research Report" is a professional and in-depth study on the current state of the global Steroid-Corticosteroids industry with a focus on the global market. The report provides key statistics on the market status of the Steroid-Corticosteroids manufacturers and is a valuable source of guidance and direction for companies and individuals interested in the industry. Firstly, the report provides a basic overview of the industry including its definition, applications and manufacturing technology. Then, the report explores the international major industry players in detail. In this part, the report presents the company profile, product specifications, capacity, production value, and 2012-2017 market shares for each company. Through the statistical analysis, the report depicts the global total market of Steroid-Corticosteroids industry including capacity, production, production value, cost/profit, supply/demand. The total market is further divided by company, by country, and by application/type for the competitive landscape analysis. The report then estimates 2016-2021 market development trends of Steroid-Corticosteroids industry. Analysis of upstream raw materials, downstream demand, and current market dynamics is also carried out. In the end, the report makes some important proposals for a new project of Steroid-Corticosteroids Industry before evaluating its feasibility. Overall, the report provides an in-depth insight of 2011-2021 global Steroid-Corticosteroids industry covering all important parameters. United States Intranasal Corticosteroids Industry 2017 Market Research Report This report studies Intranasal Corticosteroids in United States market, focuses on price, sales, revenue of each type in Global. This report also focuses on the sales (consumption), production, import and export of Centrifugal Intranasal Corticosteroids in United States, forecast to 2021, from 2016. Firstly, this report focuses on price, sales, revenue and growth rate of each type, as well as the types and each type price of key manufacturers, through interviewing key manufacturers. Second on basis of segments by manufacturers, this report focuses on the sales, price of each type, average price of Centrifugal Intranasal Corticosteroids, revenue and market share, for key manufacturers. The Intranasal Corticosteroids industry development trends and marketing channels are also analyzed and the feasibility of new investment projects are assessed and overall research conclusions offered. With the tables and figures the report provides key statistics on the state of the industry and is a valuable source of guidance and direction for companies and individuals. Europe Intranasal Corticosteroids Industry 2016 Market Research Report The Europe Intranasal Corticosteroids Industry 2016 Market Research Report is a professional and in-depth study on the current state of the Intranasal Corticosteroids industry. Firstly, the report provides a basic overview of the industry including definitions, classifications, applications and industry chain structure. The Intranasal Corticosteroids market analysis is provided for the international market including development history, competitive landscape analysis, and major regions' development status. Secondly, development policies and plans are discussed as well as manufacturing processes and cost structures. This report also states import/export, supply and consumption figures as well as cost, price, revenue and gross margin by regions (Germany, UK, France, Russia, Italy, Benelux and Spain), and other regions can be added. About Us:  ReportsnReports.com is your single source for all market research needs. Our database includes 500,000+ market research reports from over 95 leading global publishers & in-depth market research studies of over 5000 micro markets. With comprehensive information about the publishers and the industries for which they publish market research reports, we help you in your purchase decision by mapping your information needs with our huge collection of reports. We provide 24/7 online and offline support to our customers. Contact:Ritesh Tiwari 2nd floor, metropole Next to Inox theatre Bund garden road Pune - 411011 Maharashtra, India + 1 888 391 5441 sales@reportsandreports.com Connect With Us On:  LinkedIn: http://www.linkedin.com/company/reportsnreports SOURCE ReportsnReports Copyright (C) 2017 PR Newswire. All rights reserved Most Popular What happens to your debt when you die? How upgrading humans will become the next billion-dollar industry North Carolina stuffs Gonzaga to win NCAA basketball championship Apple makes move that could improve its gadgets, but it won’t be easy These dogs make up to $10K per social media post Sponsored Headlines MarketWatch Site Index Topics Help Feedback Newsroom Roster Media Archive Premium Products Mobile Company Company Info Code of Conduct Corrections Advertising Media Kit Advertise Locally Reprints & Licensing Broker Center Your Ad Choices Dow Jones Network WSJ.com Barron's Online BigCharts Virtual Stock Exchange Financial News Online WSJ.com Small Business realtor.com Mansion Global Back to Top Copyright ©2017 MarketWatch, Inc. All rights reserved. By using this site you agree to the Terms of Service, Privacy Policy, and Cookie Policy (updated). Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. Intraday data delayed per exchange requirements. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real time last sale data provided by NASDAQ. More information on NASDAQ traded symbols and their current financial status. Intraday data delayed 15 minutes for Nasdaq, and 20 minutes for other exchanges. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. SEHK intraday data is provided by SIX Financial Information and is at least 60-minutes delayed. All quotes are in local exchange time. Advanced Search Stocks Columns Authors Topics No results found
Anmelden   Registrieren? Fan werden finanzen.at ATX 2 847 0,6%  Dow 20 650 -0,1%  Nasdaq 5 432 -0,1%  Euro 1,0660 -0,1%  ATX P 1 442 0,6%  EStoxx50 3 473 -0,8%  Nikkei 18 810 -0,9%  CHF 1,0688 0,0%  DAX 12 257 -0,5%  FTSE100 7 283 -0,6%  Öl 52,9 -0,3%  Gold 1 258 -0,1%  News Analysen Experten Kolumnen ATX News Börse News & Analysen myfinanzen Broker-Vergleich Ressorts Aktien Anleihen Devisen ETF Fonds Rohstoffe Zertifikate Zinsen CFDs Quellen APA Aktiencheck Businesswire Dow Jones Newswires dpa-AFX Heute im Fokus Nachrichtenarchiv 03.04.2017 03:30:00 A A Teilen Drucken Corticosteroids Market Key Players Profile and Industry Analysis to 2022 - ReportnReports Tweet PUNE, India, April 3, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- Global Corticosteroids Market report provides a basic overview of the industry including definitions, classifications, applications and industry chain structure. The Corticosteroids market analysis is provided for the international market including development history, competitive landscape analysis, and major regions' development status. Complete report on Corticosteroids industry spread across 105 pages providing 08 company profiles and 181 tables and figures is available at http://www.reportsnreports.com/reports/901158-global-corticosteroids-market-research-report-2017.html. Market Segment by Regions, this report splits Global into several key Region, with production, consumption, revenue, market share and growth rate of Corticosteroids in these regions, from 2012 to 2022 (forecast), like North America, China, Europe, Japan, India, Southeast Asia split by product type, with production, revenue, price, market share and growth rate of each type Split by application, this report focuses on consumption, market share and growth rate of Corticosteroids in each application. This report studies Corticosteroids in Global market, especially in North America, Europe, China, Japan, Southeast Asia and India, focuses on top manufacturers in global market, with sales, price, revenue and market share for each manufacturer, covering Sumitomo, Pfizer, Novartis, Merck, Sanofi, Johnson and Johnson, GSK, AstraZeneca and Cipla. Buy a copy at http://www.reportsnreports.com/purchase.aspx?name=901158 . Related Reports:  Global Steroid-Corticosteroids Market Research Report 2017 The Global Steroid-Corticosteroids Industry, 2017 Market Research Report" is a professional and in-depth study on the current state of the global Steroid-Corticosteroids industry with a focus on the global market. The report provides key statistics on the market status of the Steroid-Corticosteroids manufacturers and is a valuable source of guidance and direction for companies and individuals interested in the industry. Firstly, the report provides a basic overview of the industry including its definition, applications and manufacturing technology. Then, the report explores the international major industry players in detail. In this part, the report presents the company profile, product specifications, capacity, production value, and 2012-2017 market shares for each company. Through the statistical analysis, the report depicts the global total market of Steroid-Corticosteroids industry including capacity, production, production value, cost/profit, supply/demand. The total market is further divided by company, by country, and by application/type for the competitive landscape analysis. The report then estimates 2016-2021 market development trends of Steroid-Corticosteroids industry. Analysis of upstream raw materials, downstream demand, and current market dynamics is also carried out. In the end, the report makes some important proposals for a new project of Steroid-Corticosteroids Industry before evaluating its feasibility. Overall, the report provides an in-depth insight of 2011-2021 global Steroid-Corticosteroids industry covering all important parameters. United States Intranasal Corticosteroids Industry 2017 Market Research Report This report studies Intranasal Corticosteroids in United States market, focuses on price, sales, revenue of each type in Global. This report also focuses on the sales (consumption), production, import and export of Centrifugal Intranasal Corticosteroids in United States, forecast to 2021, from 2016. Firstly, this report focuses on price, sales, revenue and growth rate of each type, as well as the types and each type price of key manufacturers, through interviewing key manufacturers. Second on basis of segments by manufacturers, this report focuses on the sales, price of each type, average price of Centrifugal Intranasal Corticosteroids, revenue and market share, for key manufacturers. The Intranasal Corticosteroids industry development trends and marketing channels are also analyzed and the feasibility of new investment projects are assessed and overall research conclusions offered. With the tables and figures the report provides key statistics on the state of the industry and is a valuable source of guidance and direction for companies and individuals. Europe Intranasal Corticosteroids Industry 2016 Market Research Report The Europe Intranasal Corticosteroids Industry 2016 Market Research Report is a professional and in-depth study on the current state of the Intranasal Corticosteroids industry. Firstly, the report provides a basic overview of the industry including definitions, classifications, applications and industry chain structure. The Intranasal Corticosteroids market analysis is provided for the international market including development history, competitive landscape analysis, and major regions' development status. Secondly, development policies and plans are discussed as well as manufacturing processes and cost structures. This report also states import/export, supply and consumption figures as well as cost, price, revenue and gross margin by regions (Germany, UK, France, Russia, Italy, Benelux and Spain), and other regions can be added. About Us:  ReportsnReports.com is your single source for all market research needs. Our database includes 500,000+ market research reports from over 95 leading global publishers & in-depth market research studies of over 5000 micro markets. With comprehensive information about the publishers and the industries for which they publish market research reports, we help you in your purchase decision by mapping your information needs with our huge collection of reports. We provide 24/7 online and offline support to our customers. Contact: Ritesh Tiwari 2nd floor, metropole Next to Inox theatre Bund garden road Pune - 411011 Maharashtra, India + 1 888 391 5441 sales@reportsandreports.com Connect With Us On:  LinkedIn: http://www.linkedin.com/company/reportsnreports Eintrag hinzufügen Eintrag bearbeiten Erfolgreich hinzugefügt!. Zu Portfolio/Watchlist wechseln. Es ist ein Fehler aufgetreten! Kein Portfolio vorhanden. Bitte zusätzlich den Namen des neuen Portfolios angeben. Keine Watchlisten vorhanden. Bitte zusätzlich den Namen der neuen Watchlist angeben. Portfolioname: Watchlistname: Portfolio: Name: Typ: ISIN: Börse: Anzahl: Aktueller Kurs: Kurszeit: Kaufpreis: Kaufdatum: Kaufwert: EUR   Hinzufügen Speichern   Newssuche   GO   NEWS VON Goldminen als Inflationsgewinner So sichern Sie sich niedrige Kreditzinsen Krieg der Währungen Protektionismus bedroht die Weltwirtschaft "Das Jahr der zwei Hälften" Börse aktuell - Live Ticker ATX und DAX leichter erwartet -- Asiens Börsen uneinheitlich TecDAX dürfte mit Verlust eröffnen. Dow Jones schließt im Minus. Nachrichten Nachrichten zu Aktien Alle Nachrichten Wie bewerten Sie diese Seite? schlecht sehr gut Aktien ATX DAX EuroStoxx 50 Dow Jones NASDAQ 100 EuroStoxx 50 Nikkei 225 S&P 500 Kontakt  -  Impressum - Werbung Sitemap - Datenschutz - Disclaimer - AGB Für die aufgeführten Inhalte kann keine Gewährleistung für die Vollständigkeit, Richtigkeit und Genauigkeit übernommen werden. Kursinformationen von SIX Financial Information Deutschland GmbH. Verzögerung 15 Min. (Nasdaq, NYSE: 20 Min.). © 1999-2017 finanzen.net GmbH
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 3 April 2017 by Military News Corticosteroids Market Key Players Profile and Industry Analysis to 2022 – ReportnReports PUNE, India, April 3, 2017 /PRNewswire/ — Global Corticosteroids Market report provides a basic overview of the industry including definitions, classifications, applications and industry chain structure. The Corticosteroids market analysis is provided for the international market including development history, competitive landscape analysis, and major regions’ development status. Complete report on Corticosteroids industry spread across 105 pages providing 08 company profiles and 181 tables and figures is available at http://www.reportsnreports.com/reports/901158-global-corticosteroids-market-research-report-2017.html. Market Segment by Regions, this report splits Global into several key Region, with production, consumption, revenue, market share and growth rate of Corticosteroids in these regions, from 2012 to 2022 (forecast), like North America, China, Europe, Japan, India, Southeast Asia split by product type, with production, revenue, price, market share and growth rate of each type Split by application, this report focuses on consumption, market share and growth rate of Corticosteroids in each application. This report studies Corticosteroids in Global market, especially in North America, Europe, China, Japan, Southeast Asia and India, focuses on top manufacturers in global market, with sales, price, revenue and market share for each manufacturer, covering Sumitomo, Pfizer, Novartis, Merck, Sanofi, Johnson and Johnson, GSK, AstraZeneca and Cipla. Buy a copy at http://www.reportsnreports.com/purchase.aspx?name=901158 . Related Reports:  Global Steroid-Corticosteroids Market Research Report 2017 The Global Steroid-Corticosteroids Industry, 2017 Market Research Report” is a professional and in-depth study on the current state of the global Steroid-Corticosteroids industry with a focus on the global market. The report provides key statistics on the market status of the Steroid-Corticosteroids manufacturers and is a valuable source of guidance and direction for companies and individuals interested in the industry. Firstly, the report provides a basic overview of the industry including its definition, applications and manufacturing technology. Then, the report explores the international major industry players in detail. In this part, the report presents the company profile, product specifications, capacity, production value, and 2012-2017 market shares for each company. Through the statistical analysis, the report depicts the global total market of Steroid-Corticosteroids industry including capacity, production, production value, cost/profit, supply/demand. The total market is further divided by company, by country, and by application/type for the competitive landscape analysis. The report then estimates 2016-2021 market development trends of Steroid-Corticosteroids industry. Analysis of upstream raw materials, downstream demand, and current market dynamics is also carried out. In the end, the report makes some important proposals for a new project of Steroid-Corticosteroids Industry before evaluating its feasibility. Overall, the report provides an in-depth insight of 2011-2021 global Steroid-Corticosteroids industry covering all important parameters. United States Intranasal Corticosteroids Industry 2017 Market Research Report This report studies Intranasal Corticosteroids in United States market, focuses on price, sales, revenue of each type in Global. This report also focuses on the sales (consumption), production, import and export of Centrifugal Intranasal Corticosteroids in United States, forecast to 2021, from 2016. Firstly, this report focuses on price, sales, revenue and growth rate of each type, as well as the types and each type price of key manufacturers, through interviewing key manufacturers. Second on basis of segments by manufacturers, this report focuses on the sales, price of each type, average price of Centrifugal Intranasal Corticosteroids, revenue and market share, for key manufacturers. The Intranasal Corticosteroids industry development trends and marketing channels are also analyzed and the feasibility of new investment projects are assessed and overall research conclusions offered. With the tables and figures the report provides key statistics on the state of the industry and is a valuable source of guidance and direction for companies and individuals. Europe Intranasal Corticosteroids Industry 2016 Market Research Report The Europe Intranasal Corticosteroids Industry 2016 Market Research Report is a professional and in-depth study on the current state of the Intranasal Corticosteroids industry. Firstly, the report provides a basic overview of the industry including definitions, classifications, applications and industry chain structure. The Intranasal Corticosteroids market analysis is provided for the international market including development history, competitive landscape analysis, and major regions’ development status. Secondly, development policies and plans are discussed as well as manufacturing processes and cost structures. This report also states import/export, supply and consumption figures as well as cost, price, revenue and gross margin by regions (Germany, UK, France, Russia, Italy, Benelux and Spain), and other regions can be added. About Us:  ReportsnReports.com is your single source for all market research needs. Our database includes 500,000+ market research reports from over 95 leading global publishers & in-depth market research studies of over 5000 micro markets. With comprehensive information about the publishers and the industries for which they publish market research reports, we help you in your purchase decision by mapping your information needs with our huge collection of reports. We provide 24/7 online and offline support to our customers. Contact: Ritesh Tiwari 2nd floor, metropole Next to Inox theatre Bund garden road Pune – 411011 Maharashtra, India + 1 888 391 5441 sales@reportsandreports.com Connect With Us On:  LinkedIn: http://www.linkedin.com/company/reportsnreports SOURCE ReportsnReports CategoriesUncategorized TagsSurveys, Polls and Research Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Le chef de la direction de Bombardier demande d’ajuster la rémunération prévue pour 2016 des membres de la haute direction de la Société Next PostNext Tesla Q1 2017 Vehicle Production and Deliveries Search Recent Posts Healthcare CRM Market | Global Industry Analysis and Opportunity Assessment 2015-2022 Global Sports and Fitness Wear Sales Market 2017 – Adidas, Nike, Puma, Under Armour, VF Clinical Chemistry Analyzers Market To Be Driven By Increasing Prevalence Of Chronic Diseases Such As Diabetes Till 2025: Grand View Research, Inc. Digital Glass Military Aircraft Cockpit Systems Market Potential and Niche Segments, Geographical regions and Trends 2026 Vascular Access Systems Market Segmentation, Industry trends and Development to 2026 Business Contacts Business Directory Proudly powered by WordPress
Contact Us Journalists Blog Log In Sign Up Send a Release News Solutions Resources Search News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News dansk Deutsch español Français italiano Nederlands norsk português suomeksi svenska Corticosteroids Market Key Players Profile and Industry Analysis to 2022 - ReportnReports News provided by ReportsnReports Apr 02, 2017, 21:30 ET Share this article PUNE, India, April 3, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- Global Corticosteroids Market report provides a basic overview of the industry including definitions, classifications, applications and industry chain structure. The Corticosteroids market analysis is provided for the international market including development history, competitive landscape analysis, and major regions' development status. Complete report on Corticosteroids industry spread across 105 pages providing 08 company profiles and 181 tables and figures is available at http://www.reportsnreports.com/reports/901158-global-corticosteroids-market-research-report-2017.html. Market Segment by Regions, this report splits Global into several key Region, with production, consumption, revenue, market share and growth rate of Corticosteroids in these regions, from 2012 to 2022 (forecast), like North America, China, Europe, Japan, India, Southeast Asia split by product type, with production, revenue, price, market share and growth rate of each type Split by application, this report focuses on consumption, market share and growth rate of Corticosteroids in each application. This report studies Corticosteroids in Global market, especially in North America, Europe, China, Japan, Southeast Asia and India, focuses on top manufacturers in global market, with sales, price, revenue and market share for each manufacturer, covering Sumitomo, Pfizer, Novartis, Merck, Sanofi, Johnson and Johnson, GSK, AstraZeneca and Cipla. Buy a copy at http://www.reportsnreports.com/purchase.aspx?name=901158 . Related Reports:  Global Steroid-Corticosteroids Market Research Report 2017 The Global Steroid-Corticosteroids Industry, 2017 Market Research Report" is a professional and in-depth study on the current state of the global Steroid-Corticosteroids industry with a focus on the global market. The report provides key statistics on the market status of the Steroid-Corticosteroids manufacturers and is a valuable source of guidance and direction for companies and individuals interested in the industry. Firstly, the report provides a basic overview of the industry including its definition, applications and manufacturing technology. Then, the report explores the international major industry players in detail. In this part, the report presents the company profile, product specifications, capacity, production value, and 2012-2017 market shares for each company. Through the statistical analysis, the report depicts the global total market of Steroid-Corticosteroids industry including capacity, production, production value, cost/profit, supply/demand. The total market is further divided by company, by country, and by application/type for the competitive landscape analysis. The report then estimates 2016-2021 market development trends of Steroid-Corticosteroids industry. Analysis of upstream raw materials, downstream demand, and current market dynamics is also carried out. In the end, the report makes some important proposals for a new project of Steroid-Corticosteroids Industry before evaluating its feasibility. Overall, the report provides an in-depth insight of 2011-2021 global Steroid-Corticosteroids industry covering all important parameters. United States Intranasal Corticosteroids Industry 2017 Market Research Report This report studies Intranasal Corticosteroids in United States market, focuses on price, sales, revenue of each type in Global. This report also focuses on the sales (consumption), production, import and export of Centrifugal Intranasal Corticosteroids in United States, forecast to 2021, from 2016. Firstly, this report focuses on price, sales, revenue and growth rate of each type, as well as the types and each type price of key manufacturers, through interviewing key manufacturers. Second on basis of segments by manufacturers, this report focuses on the sales, price of each type, average price of Centrifugal Intranasal Corticosteroids, revenue and market share, for key manufacturers. The Intranasal Corticosteroids industry development trends and marketing channels are also analyzed and the feasibility of new investment projects are assessed and overall research conclusions offered. With the tables and figures the report provides key statistics on the state of the industry and is a valuable source of guidance and direction for companies and individuals. Europe Intranasal Corticosteroids Industry 2016 Market Research Report The Europe Intranasal Corticosteroids Industry 2016 Market Research Report is a professional and in-depth study on the current state of the Intranasal Corticosteroids industry. Firstly, the report provides a basic overview of the industry including definitions, classifications, applications and industry chain structure. The Intranasal Corticosteroids market analysis is provided for the international market including development history, competitive landscape analysis, and major regions' development status. Secondly, development policies and plans are discussed as well as manufacturing processes and cost structures. This report also states import/export, supply and consumption figures as well as cost, price, revenue and gross margin by regions (Germany, UK, France, Russia, Italy, Benelux and Spain), and other regions can be added. About Us:  ReportsnReports.com is your single source for all market research needs. Our database includes 500,000+ market research reports from over 95 leading global publishers & in-depth market research studies of over 5000 micro markets. With comprehensive information about the publishers and the industries for which they publish market research reports, we help you in your purchase decision by mapping your information needs with our huge collection of reports. We provide 24/7 online and offline support to our customers. Contact: Ritesh Tiwari 2nd floor, metropole Next to Inox theatre Bund garden road Pune - 411011 Maharashtra, India + 1 888 391 5441 sales@reportsandreports.com Connect With Us On:  LinkedIn: http://www.linkedin.com/company/reportsnreports SOURCE ReportsnReports Apr 03, 2017, 06:00 ET Preview: Synthetic Leather Market Size, Revenue and Share by Type, Application and Manufactures to 2022 Analyzed at ReportsnReports.com Mar 31, 2017, 13:00 ET Preview: Offshore Supply Vessel Market Growing at CAGR of 6.03% During 2016 to 2021- ReportsnReports My News Release contains wide tables. View fullscreen. Also from this source Apr 03, 2017, 21:30 ETLiDAR Market Growing at a CAGR of 25.8% During 2017 to 2022 -... Apr 03, 2017, 13:00 ETHVAC Services Market Growing at a CAGR of 6.62% During 2017 to... Explore More news releases in similar topics Health Care & Hospitals Medical Pharmaceuticals Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Surveys, Polls and Research You just read: Corticosteroids Market Key Players Profile and Industry Analysis to 2022 - ReportnReports News provided by ReportsnReports Apr 02, 2017, 21:30 ET Share this article Looking to send a news release with PR Newswire? Take advantage of the world's leading distribution platform. Sign up to get started Request more information Have an account? Log In Phone 8AM - 10PM ET +1-888-776-0942 Send a Release Sign Up Blog For Journalists Contact Us Search Searching for your content... Advanced Search Contact PR Newswire 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Contact Us General Inquiries Request a Demo Editorial Bureaus Partnerships Media Inquiries Worldwide Offices Solutions Cision Communications Cloud™ For Marketers For Public Relations For IR & Compliance For Agency For Small Business All Products About About PR Newswire About Cision Become a Publishing Partner Become a Channel Partner Careers   Global Sites Asia Brazil Canada Europe Finland France India Israel Mexico Middle East Netherlands Sweden United Kingdom My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Terms of Use Privacy Policy Information Security Policy Statement Site Map RSS Feeds Copyright © 2017 PR Newswire Association LLC. All Rights Reserved. A Cision company. News Solutions Resources News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News dansk Deutsch español Français italiano Nederlands norsk português suomeksi svenska Phone +1-888-776-0942 8AM - 10PM ET Chat All contact info Send a ReleaseLog In
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 3 April 2017 by Military News Corticosteroids Market Key Players Profile and Industry Analysis to 2022 – ReportnReports PUNE, India, April 3, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- Global Corticosteroids Market report provides a basic overview of the industry including definitions, classifications, applications and industry chain structure. The Corticosteroids market analysis is provided for the international market including development history, competitive landscape analysis, and major regions' development status. Complete report on Corticosteroids industry spread across 105 pages providing 08 company profiles and 181 tables and figures is available at http://www.reportsnreports.com/reports/901158-global-corticosteroids-market-research-report-2017.html. Market Segment by Regions, this report splits Global into several key Region, with production, consumption, revenue, market share and growth rate of Corticosteroids in these regions, from 2012 to 2022 (forecast), like North America, China, Europe, Japan, India, Southeast Asia split by product type, with production, revenue, price, market share and growth rate of each type Split by application, this report focuses on consumption, market share and growth rate of Corticosteroids in each application. This report studies Corticosteroids in Global market, especially in North America, Europe, China, Japan, Southeast Asia and India, focuses on top manufacturers in global market, with sales, price, revenue and market share for each manufacturer, covering Sumitomo, Pfizer, Novartis, Merck, Sanofi, Johnson and Johnson, GSK, AstraZeneca and Cipla. Buy a copy at http://www.reportsnreports.com/purchase.aspx?name=901158 . Related Reports:  Global Steroid-Corticosteroids Market Research Report 2017 The Global Steroid-Corticosteroids Industry, 2017 Market Research Report" is a professional and in-depth study on the current state of the global Steroid-Corticosteroids industry with a focus on the global market. The report provides key statistics on the market status of the Steroid-Corticosteroids manufacturers and is a valuable source of guidance and direction for companies and individuals interested in the industry. Firstly, the report provides a basic overview of the industry including its definition, applications and manufacturing technology. Then, the report explores the international major industry players in detail. In this part, the report presents the company profile, product specifications, capacity, production value, and 2012-2017 market shares for each company. Through the statistical analysis, the report depicts the global total market of Steroid-Corticosteroids industry including capacity, production, production value, cost/profit, supply/demand. The total market is further divided by company, by country, and by application/type for the competitive landscape analysis. The report then estimates 2016-2021 market development trends of Steroid-Corticosteroids industry. Analysis of upstream raw materials, downstream demand, and current market dynamics is also carried out. In the end, the report makes some important proposals for a new project of Steroid-Corticosteroids Industry before evaluating its feasibility. Overall, the report provides an in-depth insight of 2011-2021 global Steroid-Corticosteroids industry covering all important parameters. United States Intranasal Corticosteroids Industry 2017 Market Research Report This report studies Intranasal Corticosteroids in United States market, focuses on price, sales, revenue of each type in Global. This report also focuses on the sales (consumption), production, import and export of Centrifugal Intranasal Corticosteroids in United States, forecast to 2021, from 2016. Firstly, this report focuses on price, sales, revenue and growth rate of each type, as well as the types and each type price of key manufacturers, through interviewing key manufacturers. Second on basis of segments by manufacturers, this report focuses on the sales, price of each type, average price of Centrifugal Intranasal Corticosteroids, revenue and market share, for key manufacturers. The Intranasal Corticosteroids industry development trends and marketing channels are also analyzed and the feasibility of new investment projects are assessed and overall research conclusions offered. With the tables and figures the report provides key statistics on the state of the industry and is a valuable source of guidance and direction for companies and individuals. Europe Intranasal Corticosteroids Industry 2016 Market Research Report The Europe Intranasal Corticosteroids Industry 2016 Market Research Report is a professional and in-depth study on the current state of the Intranasal Corticosteroids industry. Firstly, the report provides a basic overview of the industry including definitions, classifications, applications and industry chain structure. The Intranasal Corticosteroids market analysis is provided for the international market including development history, competitive landscape analysis, and major regions' development status. Secondly, development policies and plans are discussed as well as manufacturing processes and cost structures. This report also states import/export, supply and consumption figures as well as cost, price, revenue and gross margin by regions (Germany, UK, France, Russia, Italy, Benelux and Spain), and other regions can be added. About Us:  ReportsnReports.com is your single source for all market research needs. Our database includes 500,000+ market research reports from over 95 leading global publishers & in-depth market research studies of over 5000 micro markets. With comprehensive information about the publishers and the industries for which they publish market research reports, we help you in your purchase decision by mapping your information needs with our huge collection of reports. We provide 24/7 online and offline support to our customers. Contact: Ritesh Tiwari 2nd floor, metropole Next to Inox theatre Bund garden road Pune - 411011 Maharashtra, India + 1 888 391 5441 sales@reportsandreports.com Connect With Us On:  LinkedIn: http://www.linkedin.com/company/reportsnreports CategoriesUncategorized TagsHealth Care/Hospitals, Medical/Pharmaceuticals, Pharmaceuticals, Supplementary Medicine, Surveys, Polls & Research Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Diamond Resorts International – Sedona Awaits Travelers with Red Rocks and Blue Skies Next PostNext Ghost in the Shell an economic bonanza for Wellington Search Recent Posts INVESTOR ALERT: Lundin Law PC Announces Securities Class Action Lawsuit against BioAmber Inc. and Encourages Investors with Losses to Contact the Firm Statement by Digital Citizens Alliance on President Trump’s Signing of Data Privacy Legislation Offis Multi-Cloud Services Sponsors RightScale 2017 ANZ State of the Cloud Report A New and Improved Version of Personalized Jewellery Website Launched Poetry from the Heart: How to Express Feelings through Music Business Contacts Business Directory Proudly powered by WordPress
Events Resources Blog Journalists +44 (0)20 7454 5110+44 (0)20 7454 5110 Log In Sign Up News Products Contact Search News in Focus Browse News Releases All Public Company News View All News Releases All Multimedia News Regulatory News Benelux Regulatory News View All Regulatory News D/A/CH Regulatory News France Regulatory News UK Regulatory News Business & Money Auto & Transportation View All Auto & Transportation Aerospace & Defence Airlines & Aviation Air Freight Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads & Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Haulage & Road Transportation Business Technology View All Business Technology Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertainment & Media View All Entertainment & Media Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film & Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing View All Financial Services & Investing Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers & Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC & SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders’ Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business View All General Business Awards Commercial Real Estate Conference Call Announcements Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls & Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology View All Consumer Technology Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Websites Wireless Communications Energy View All Energy Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil & Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environment View All Environment Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing View All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Aerospace & Defence Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation & Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking & Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecommunications View All Telecommunications Carriers & Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunications Equipment Telecommunications Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail View All Consumer Products & Retail Animals & Pets Beers, Wines & Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics & Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture & Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewellery Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertainment & Media View All Entertainment & Media Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film & Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health View All Health Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports View All Sports General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel View All Travel Amusement Parks & Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels & Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest View All Policy & Public Interest Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Economic News, Trends & Analysis Education Environmental European Government Workplace & Union Not For Profit Public Safety People & Culture People & Culture View All People & Culture Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabled Hispanic LGBT Religion Older People Veterans Women Corticosteroids Market Key Players Profile and Industry Analysis to 2022 - ReportnReports News provided by ReportsnReports 03 Apr, 2017, 02:30 BST Share this article PUNE, India, April 3, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- Global Corticosteroids Market report provides a basic overview of the industry including definitions, classifications, applications and industry chain structure. The Corticosteroids market analysis is provided for the international market including development history, competitive landscape analysis, and major regions' development status. Complete report on Corticosteroids industry spread across 105 pages providing 08 company profiles and 181 tables and figures is available at http://www.reportsnreports.com/reports/901158-global-corticosteroids-market-research-report-2017.html. Market Segment by Regions, this report splits Global into several key Region, with production, consumption, revenue, market share and growth rate of Corticosteroids in these regions, from 2012 to 2022 (forecast), like North America, China, Europe, Japan, India, Southeast Asia split by product type, with production, revenue, price, market share and growth rate of each type Split by application, this report focuses on consumption, market share and growth rate of Corticosteroids in each application. This report studies Corticosteroids in Global market, especially in North America, Europe, China, Japan, Southeast Asia and India, focuses on top manufacturers in global market, with sales, price, revenue and market share for each manufacturer, covering Sumitomo, Pfizer, Novartis, Merck, Sanofi, Johnson and Johnson, GSK, AstraZeneca and Cipla. Buy a copy at http://www.reportsnreports.com/purchase.aspx?name=901158 . Related Reports:  Global Steroid-Corticosteroids Market Research Report 2017 The Global Steroid-Corticosteroids Industry, 2017 Market Research Report" is a professional and in-depth study on the current state of the global Steroid-Corticosteroids industry with a focus on the global market. The report provides key statistics on the market status of the Steroid-Corticosteroids manufacturers and is a valuable source of guidance and direction for companies and individuals interested in the industry. Firstly, the report provides a basic overview of the industry including its definition, applications and manufacturing technology. Then, the report explores the international major industry players in detail. In this part, the report presents the company profile, product specifications, capacity, production value, and 2012-2017 market shares for each company. Through the statistical analysis, the report depicts the global total market of Steroid-Corticosteroids industry including capacity, production, production value, cost/profit, supply/demand. The total market is further divided by company, by country, and by application/type for the competitive landscape analysis. The report then estimates 2016-2021 market development trends of Steroid-Corticosteroids industry. Analysis of upstream raw materials, downstream demand, and current market dynamics is also carried out. In the end, the report makes some important proposals for a new project of Steroid-Corticosteroids Industry before evaluating its feasibility. Overall, the report provides an in-depth insight of 2011-2021 global Steroid-Corticosteroids industry covering all important parameters. United States Intranasal Corticosteroids Industry 2017 Market Research Report This report studies Intranasal Corticosteroids in United States market, focuses on price, sales, revenue of each type in Global. This report also focuses on the sales (consumption), production, import and export of Centrifugal Intranasal Corticosteroids in United States, forecast to 2021, from 2016. Firstly, this report focuses on price, sales, revenue and growth rate of each type, as well as the types and each type price of key manufacturers, through interviewing key manufacturers. Second on basis of segments by manufacturers, this report focuses on the sales, price of each type, average price of Centrifugal Intranasal Corticosteroids, revenue and market share, for key manufacturers. The Intranasal Corticosteroids industry development trends and marketing channels are also analyzed and the feasibility of new investment projects are assessed and overall research conclusions offered. With the tables and figures the report provides key statistics on the state of the industry and is a valuable source of guidance and direction for companies and individuals. Europe Intranasal Corticosteroids Industry 2016 Market Research Report The Europe Intranasal Corticosteroids Industry 2016 Market Research Report is a professional and in-depth study on the current state of the Intranasal Corticosteroids industry. Firstly, the report provides a basic overview of the industry including definitions, classifications, applications and industry chain structure. The Intranasal Corticosteroids market analysis is provided for the international market including development history, competitive landscape analysis, and major regions' development status. Secondly, development policies and plans are discussed as well as manufacturing processes and cost structures. This report also states import/export, supply and consumption figures as well as cost, price, revenue and gross margin by regions (Germany, UK, France, Russia, Italy, Benelux and Spain), and other regions can be added. About Us:  ReportsnReports.com is your single source for all market research needs. Our database includes 500,000+ market research reports from over 95 leading global publishers & in-depth market research studies of over 5000 micro markets. With comprehensive information about the publishers and the industries for which they publish market research reports, we help you in your purchase decision by mapping your information needs with our huge collection of reports. We provide 24/7 online and offline support to our customers. Contact: Ritesh Tiwari 2nd floor, metropole Next to Inox theatre Bund garden road Pune - 411011 Maharashtra, India + 1 888 391 5441 sales@reportsandreports.com Connect With Us On:  LinkedIn: http://www.linkedin.com/company/reportsnreports SOURCE ReportsnReports 03 Apr, 2017, 11:00 BST Preview: Synthetic Leather Market Size, Revenue and Share by Type, Application and Manufactures to 2022 Analyzed at ReportsnReports.com 31 Mar, 2017, 18:00 BST Preview: Offshore Supply Vessel Market Growing at CAGR of 6.03% During 2016 to 2021- ReportsnReports My News Release contains wide tables. View fullscreen. Also from this source 02:30 BSTLiDAR Market Growing at a CAGR of 25.8% During 2017 to 2022 -... 03 Apr, 2017, 18:00 BSTHVAC Services Market Growing at a CAGR of 6.62% During 2017 to... Explore More news releases in similar topics Health Care & Hospitals Medical Pharmaceuticals Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Surveys, Polls and Research You just read: Corticosteroids Market Key Players Profile and Industry Analysis to 2022 - ReportnReports News provided by ReportsnReports 03 Apr, 2017, 02:30 BST Share this article Contact Us +44 (0)20 7454 5110 from 8 AM - 5:30 PM GMT Send a Release Sign Up Blog For Journalists Contact Us Search Contact PR Newswire +44 (0)20 7454 5110 from 8 AM - 5:30 PM GMT Contact Us Overview Request More Info Become a Partner   Products The Wire Multimedia News Releases Disclosure Services Media Intelligence About About PR Newswire About Cision Partnering Opportunities Careers   Global Sites Asia Brazil Canada Finland France India Israel Mexico Middle East Netherlands Sweden United States My Services All News Releases Customer Portal Resources Blog Journalists My Services All News Releases Customer Portal Resources Blog Journalists +44 (0)20 7454 5110 from 8 AM - 5:30 PM GMT Terms of Use Privacy Policy Information Security Policy Statement Site Map Copyright © 2017 PR Newswire Europe Limited. All Rights Reserved. A Cision company. News Products Contact News in Focus Browse News Releases All Public Company News View All News Releases All Multimedia News Regulatory News Benelux Regulatory News View All Regulatory News D/A/CH Regulatory News France Regulatory News UK Regulatory News Business & Money Auto & Transportation View All Auto & Transportation Aerospace & Defence Airlines & Aviation Air Freight Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads & Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Haulage & Road Transportation Business Technology View All Business Technology Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertainment & Media View All Entertainment & Media Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film & Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing View All Financial Services & Investing Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers & Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC & SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders’ Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business View All General Business Awards Commercial Real Estate Conference Call Announcements Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls & Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology View All Consumer Technology Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Websites Wireless Communications Energy View All Energy Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil & Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environment View All Environment Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing View All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Aerospace & Defence Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation & Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking & Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecommunications View All Telecommunications Carriers & Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunications Equipment Telecommunications Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail View All Consumer Products & Retail Animals & Pets Beers, Wines & Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics & Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture & Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewellery Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertainment & Media View All Entertainment & Media Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film & Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health View All Health Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports View All Sports General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel View All Travel Amusement Parks & Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels & Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest View All Policy & Public Interest Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Economic News, Trends & Analysis Education Environmental European Government Workplace & Union Not For Profit Public Safety People & Culture People & Culture View All People & Culture Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabled Hispanic LGBT Religion Older People Veterans Women Phone +44 (0)20 7454 5110 from 8 AM - 5:30 PM GMT All contact info Send a ReleaseLog In
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 4 April 2017 by Military News Pain Management Therapeutics Market Deep Research Study with Forecast by 2025 Albany, NY — (SBWIRE) — 04/03/2017 — Pain Management Therapeutics Market: Overview Pain management therapeutics comprise various methods to ease varied degrees of pain among patients and improve their quality of life. Pharmaceutical therapeutics are usually the first line of treatment for pain management and if this does not work, patients opt for other methods such as pain managing devices, physiotherapy, and chiropractic therapy. Pain management therapeutics can be categorized into antidepressants, anticonvulsants, opioids, anesthetics, antimigraine agents, non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drugs (NSAIDS), and non-narcotic analgesics. Various drugs are used for the management of different kinds of pain, such as fibromyalgia, neuropathic pain, arthritic pain, chronic back pain, post-operative pain, migraine, and cancer-related pain. A common trend that has been observed among patients is the consumption of over-the-counter (OTC) drugs rather than prescription drugs. Request a Brochure of the Report @ https://www.tmrresearch.com/sample/sample?flag=B&rep_id=1724 Pain Management Therapeutics Market: Trends The growing prevalence of chronic diseases such as diabetes and cancer has been single-handedly driving the demand for pain management therapeutics and the number of people suffering from this kind of pain has been surging at a substantial rate. In addition to this, a massive geriatric population susceptible to arthritis, nerve damage, neuropathy, and joint pain is also boosting the market for pain management therapeutics. Supplementing market growth are favorable regulatory scenarios in many developed countries around the world. However, as more and more patients opt for generic pain management drugs, the branded segment has been suffering a major setback. Moreover, the patent expiries of a number of blockbuster drugs will have a significant impact on the overall market for pain management therapeutics. Request for TOC of the Report @ https://www.tmrresearch.com/sample/sample?flag=T&rep_id=1724 Pain Management Therapeutics Market: Market Potential Despite the fact that leading brands are nearing a point of saturation, the pain management therapeutics market possesses strong potential for growth, particularly for smaller players. For instance, looking to expand its footprint in the global market as well as strengthen its U.S. pharmaceutical unit, Ireland-based Endo International plc acquired Auxilium Pharmaceuticals in 2015. The company also launched the BELBUCA Bucccal Film in 2016, which is used for the management of chronic pain. Purdue Pharma, headquartered in Connecticut, U.S., ventured into a patent agreement with Acura Pharmaceuticals, Inc. and Egalet Corporation in 2016 for the development and sales of opioid pain management medicines. Pain Management Therapeutics Market: Regional Outlook Geographically, the global market for pain management therapeutics comprises North America, Europe, Latin America, Asia Pacific, and the Middle East and Africa. North America and Europe hold the largest share in the overall market and are slated to continue their dominance throughout the forecast period. The rising consumption of advanced pain management drugs and the availability of well-established and sophisticated healthcare infrastructure are the key factors driving the North America and Europe pain management therapeutics market. Asia Pacific is an immensely lucrative region and a number of players are looking to expand their operations in the many emerging countries in the region. This can be attributed to strong economic growth in nations such as China, India, Malaysia, and Japan, rising investments in the healthcare industry in these countries, and the increasing affordability of the population. Read Complete Report @ https://www.tmrresearch.com/pain-management-therapeutics-market Pain Management Therapeutics Market: Competitive Analysis There are a host of generic as well as branded drug manufacturers in the global pain management therapeutics market. These include GlaxoSmithKline plc, Novartis AG, Johnson & Johnson, Abbott Laboratories, AstraZeneca, Teva Pharmaceutical Industries Limited, Merck & Co., Inc., Purdue Pharma L.P., Endo Pharmaceuticals, Inc., Mallinckrodt Pharmaceuticals, Depomed, Inc., and Pfizer, Inc. Although companies producing branded pain management therapeutics have a strong foothold in the market, the market is actually dominated by generic drug manufacturers, giving small- and medium-scale players immense scope for growth. About TMR Research TMR Research is a premier provider of customized market research and consulting services to business entities keen on succeeding in todayâ€™s supercharged economic climate. Armed with an experienced, dedicated, and dynamic team of analysts, we are redefining the way our clientsâ€™ conduct business by providing them with authoritative and trusted research studies in tune with the latest methodologies and market trends. Our savvy custom-built reports span a gamut of industries such as pharmaceuticals, chemicals and metals, food and beverages, and technology and media, among others. With actionable insights uncovered through in-depth research of the market, we try to bring about game-changing success for our clients. CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Global Luxury Hotels Market-Marriott International, Hilton, Starwood Hotels & Resorts (Marriott), Hyatt Hotels Next PostNext Paints and Coatings for Global Market, Trend, Public Demand, Forecast 2025 Search Recent Posts BLOG: Cisco Spark Board Wins “Best of the Best” Red Dot Award ‘Progress is not fast enough if we are serious’ about meeting energy goals by 2030 – UN official Microsoft announces new licensing partnership with Casio GeekWire: ‘Special Olympics makes technological leaps and bounds with help from Microsoft’ Medical Waste Management Market 2017 Research In-Depth Analysis, Applications, Forecasts to 2025 Business Contacts Business Directory Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 4 April 2017 by Military News Pancreatic Cancer Therapeutics Market – Epidemiology Analysis, Therapy, Development and Demand Forecast to 2023 The global pancreatic cancer therapeutics market holds numerous opportunities for the key players, as pancreatic cancer is a highly challenging disease among all types of cancer, which has no specific treatment available for it, as of now. Also, growing incidence of cancer and technological advancements are supporting the growth of the global pancreatic cancer therapeutics market growth. Explore Report at: www.psmarketresearch.com/market-analysis/pancreatic-cance… Cancer instigates uncountable growth of cells due to some abnormalities in the body. Some of the common symptoms of pancreatic cancer include weight loss, diarrhea, jaundice and abdominal pain. Cancer hampers the pancreas’ normal functioning, with smoking being the major risk factor for pancreatic cancer. Diagnosis of this type of cancer is done by patient history check and complete physical examination, followed by urine, stool and blood tests. Also, personal or family history of pancreatitis and BRCA2 mutation inclines a person to be affected by pancreatic cancer. A number of imaging techniques such as MRI, ultrasound and CT scan are used for the disease diagnosis. The most common form of treatment is chemotherapy done by medical practitioners and oncologists. The drugs approved for the pancreatic cancer treatment include, but are not limited to ONIVYDE (irinotecan liposome injection); 5-FU (fluorouracil); Gemzar (gemcitabine); and ABRAXANE (albumin-bound paclitaxel). Apart from this, FOLFIRINOX, a combination of three chemotherapy drugs (5-FU/leucovorin, irinotecan, and oxaliplatin) is commonly used in the treatment of metastatic pancreatic adenocarcinoma. Other emerging treatments involve chemotherapies for advanced pancreatic cancer, combined with agents already approved for use, which are being investigated in clinical trials. Request for Table of Content at: www.psmarketresearch.com/market-analysis/pancreatic-cance… The investment in both segments of pancreatic cancers is significant. However, the growing prevalence and growing reach of novel techniques in the developing regions are the aspects likely to drive the growth of the exocrine category, throughout the forecast period. Presently, the global pancreatic cancer therapeutics industry is merged in nature, with only a few top companies seizing the major share of the market. Some of the top companies operating in this market are Celgene Corporation; Eli Lilly and Company; Amgen, Inc.; F. Hoffmann-La Roche AG; PharmaCyte Biotech, Inc.; Novartis AG; Teva Pharmaceutical Industries Ltd.; Clovis Oncology; Pfizer, Inc.; and Merck & Co., Inc. Browse Other Related report at: www.psmarketresearch.com/industry-report/pharmaceuticals Several companies are concentrating on the introduction of technologically advanced products, in order to obtain a significant share in the fast-growing medical devices area. Also, collaborations, mergers and partnerships with well-established players are the key approaches followed by top players to increase their market share, during the forecast period. About P&S Market Research P&S Market Research is a market research company, which offers market research and consulting services for various geographies around the globe. We provide market research reports, industry forecasting reports, business intelligence, and research based consulting services across different industry/business verticals. As one of the top growing market research agency, we’re keen upon providing market landscape and accurate forecasting. Our analysts and consultants are proficient with business intelligence and market analysis, through their interaction with leading companies of the concerned domain. We help our clients with B2B market research and assist them in identifying various windows of opportunity, and framing informed and customized business expansion strategies in different regions. Contact: Abhishek Executive – Client Partner 347, 5th Ave. #1402 New York City, NY – 10016 Toll-free: +1-888-778-7886 (USA/Canada) Email: enquiry@psmarketresearch.com Web: www.psmarketresearch.com 347, 5th Ave. #1402 New York City, NY – 10016 This release was published on openPR. CategoriesUncategorized TagsHealth & Medicine Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Benign Prostatic Hyperplasia Therapeutics Market – Epidemiology Analysis, Therapy, Development, Growth and Demand Forecast to 2023 Next PostNext Good communication helps improve outcomes for heart patients Search Recent Posts Digital Pacific Acquires Anchor Seaborn Networks e Grupo Werthein vão construir um novo sistema de cabos de fibra ótica submarinos conectando a Argentina e o Brasil, com conectividade subsequente com os EUA Stand Up To Cancer Awards Innovative Research Grants in Immuno-oncology to 10 Early-career Scientists Hastings Center Scholar Participates in Isaac Asimov Memorial Debate on De-Extinction Good communication helps improve outcomes for heart patients Business Contacts Business Directory Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 4 April 2017 by Military News Global Esophageal Cancer Therapeutics Market Analysis, Development and Demand Forecast to 2023 Global esophageal cancer therapeutics market is expected to witness significant growth with an increasing awareness regarding cancer treatment and technological advancements. Also, high demand for safe and effective medications and rising prevalence of cancer are driving the growth of the global market. The regulatory bodies such as USFDA, EMA are supporting the growth of the global market by providing funding, designations and grants for speeding up the drug development process. Explore Report at: www.psmarketresearch.com/market-analysis/esophageal-cance… Esophageal cancer involves formation of malignant cells in the tissues of the esophagus. Esophagus is a muscular tube that enable food and liquids to move from the throat to the stomach. The main types of esophageal cancer are adenocarcinoma and squamous cell carcinoma. Adenocarcinoma forms in cells that produce and release mucus and other fluids. Squamous cell carcinoma forms in flat cells lining the esophagus. Esophageal squamous cell carcinoma includes heavy alcohol consumption and smoking as major risk factors, with gastroesophageal reflux disease and Barrett esophagus further contributing as the risk factors of esophageal adenocarcinoma. Esophageal cancer has no early signs or symptoms; therefore, an advanced stage diagnosis is difficult. Some of the major drivers for the global esophageal cancer therapeutics market include combination therapies, treatment advancements, increasing number of regulatory approvals for esophageal cancer and a rise in the number of cancer treatment centers. Moreover, the launch of new drug therapies for esophageal cancer is expected to contribute as a key market driver in the near future. Also with a dense pipeline, many new drug candidates are expected to enter the global esophageal cancer therapeutics market. Safety concerns and efficacy of the treatment are the major factors that can hinder the market growth over the forecast period. Other factors hampering the market growth include low availability of drugs commercially and high cost of therapy for the treatment of esophageal cancer. Request for Table of Content at: www.psmarketresearch.com/market-analysis/esophageal-cance… Certain chemotherapy medications such as Doxorubicin, Bleomycin, Vinblastine, Dacarbazine, Chlorambucil, Procarbazine Prednisolone, Mustine, Vincristine, Etoposide, Cyclophosphamide, Gemcitabine, Cisplatin and Cytarabine are well established as a conventional method. Immunotherapy, combination therapy, monoclonal antibodies and steroids have also been showing good results for the treatment of esophageal cancer. Browse Other Related Report at: www.psmarketresearch.com/industry-report/pharmaceuticals Some of the key players operating in the global esophageal cancer therapeutics market include Genentech, Inc., Sanofi-Aventis, Eli Lilly and Company, Ono Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd., Merck & Co., Inc., Johnson & Johnson Pharmaceutical Research & Development, LLC, Gilead Sciences, and Bristol-Myers Squibb, among others. About P&S Market Research P&S Market Research is a market research company, which offers market research and consulting services for various geographies around the globe. We provide market research reports, industry forecasting reports, business intelligence, and research based consulting services across different industry/business verticals. As one of the top growing market research agency, we’re keen upon providing market landscape and accurate forecasting. Our analysts and consultants are proficient with business intelligence and market analysis, through their interaction with leading companies of the concerned domain. We help our clients with B2B market research and assist them in identifying various windows of opportunity, and framing informed and customized business expansion strategies in different regions. Contact: Abhishek Executive – Client Partner 347, 5th Ave. #1402 New York City, NY – 10016 Toll-free: +1-888-778-7886 (USA/Canada) Email: enquiry@psmarketresearch.com Web: www.psmarketresearch.com 347, 5th Ave. #1402 New York City, NY – 10016 This release was published on openPR. CategoriesUncategorized TagsHealth & Medicine Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Benign Prostatic Hyperplasia Therapeutics Market – Epidemiology Analysis, Therapy, Development, Growth and Demand Forecast to 2023 Next PostNext Good communication helps improve outcomes for heart patients Search Recent Posts Digital Pacific Acquires Anchor Seaborn Networks e Grupo Werthein vão construir um novo sistema de cabos de fibra ótica submarinos conectando a Argentina e o Brasil, com conectividade subsequente com os EUA Stand Up To Cancer Awards Innovative Research Grants in Immuno-oncology to 10 Early-career Scientists Hastings Center Scholar Participates in Isaac Asimov Memorial Debate on De-Extinction Good communication helps improve outcomes for heart patients Business Contacts Business Directory Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to main content Advertisement Home Topics Biotech Clinical Trials Disease Research Drug Discovery Drug Pipeline Drug Safety Formulation/Delivery Genomics/Proteomics Industry News Legal/Regulatory Life Sciences Pharma Mergers & Acquistions Preclinical Trials Watch Science Connect Events Laboratory Design Conference RD 100 Conference Search Social Facebook LinkedIn Twitter Guides Companies Products Learn Login Register Subscribe Channels R&D LDN SC Advertisement Advertisement Tauopathies Market Entry Requires Shrewd Strategies from Pharma Companies Fri, 03/31/2017 - 8:40am Comments by Akiko Fukui, MSc, Healthcare Analyst, GlobalData Pharmaceutical companies hoping to effectively compete in the tauopathies space, which is yet to see its first drug hit the market, are adopting a broad range of strategies including entering into licensing agreements and partnerships for the co-development of products, and pursuing multiple indications and drug candidates, according to research and consulting firm GlobalData. The company’s latest report states that, given the vast range of unmet needs in neurodegenerative diseases in general, pharmaceutical companies are developing drugs simultaneously in multiple indications, meaning that the same mechanism of action (MOA) can be applied in different indications with little need for additional research efforts and costs. Examples of this include AbbVie/C2N Diagnostics’ ABBV-8E12, TauRX Therapeutics’ TRx-237, and Cortice Biosciences’ TPI-287. Manufacturers are particularly pursuing Alzheimer’s disease and tauopathies concomitantly. Since tauopathies share more common disease pathways with Alzheimer’s disease, progress and insight gained in researching the disease can be directly applied to tauopathies drug development, and vice versa. In addition to targeting multiple indications, another ongoing trend is pursuing multiple compounds in an effort to build a strong portfolio of drugs. For example, Neurimmune Holding is carrying out preclinical studies in BIIB076, NI205, and NI-308, all of which are antibody therapies currently in preclinical stages of development. This is a good way of balancing pipeline risk and increasing the chances of delivering clinical drug candidates that can modulate the target pathway. A very common strategy in the tauopathies market is that companies are entering into licensing partnerships for the co-development of products. Examples include Anavir/Otsuka’s AVP-796, Sellas Life Sciences Group/Catalent’s zolpidem, AbbVie/C2N Diagnostics’ ABBV-8E12, and Merck & Co./Alectos Therapeutics’ MK-8719. This strategy enables companies to join efforts and resources, and share the costs and risks of R&D. The discovery stages of potential tauopathy treatments are commonly conducted by small specialist biotechnology companies, while the later stages of development are carried out by larger and more established companies. For smaller companies, the main advantages of entering in-licensing agreements with larger companies include access to resources for larger trials and teams with capabilities to market and bring the product through the regulatory process. Biotech Related Reads Tauopathy Drugs for Neurodegenerative Diseases Could Take Off First-to-Market Drug is Launched Drug Candidate Stabilizes Essential Transport Mechanism in Nerve Cells Enzyme Treatment of Gene May Reverse Alzheimer's Effects Roche to Start New Trial of AC Immune Drug Against Alzheimer's Advertisement Advertisement View the discussion thread. Connect with Drug Discovery & Development Facebook LinkedIn Twitter Resources About Us Advertising Info Contact Us Contributor Guidelines Directory FAQs Privacy Policy Product Announcement Form Subscriptions Terms & Conditions Topics Biotech Clinical Trials Disease Research Drug Discovery Drug Pipeline Drug Safety Formulation/Delivery Genomics/Proteomics Industry News Legal/Regulatory Life Sciences Pharma Mergers & Acquistions Preclinical Trials © Copyright 2017 Advantage Business Media Advertisement Advertisement
News Specialties CME / CE Collections Medical News Latest Medical News Health Policy Practice Management Public Health Washington Watch Meeting Coverage Blogs & Columns Specialties Allergy & Immunology Anesthesiology Cardiology Critical Care Dermatology Emergency Medicine Endocrinology Gastroenterology Genetics Geriatrics HIV / AIDS Hospital-Based Medicine Infectious Disease Nephrology Neurology Nursing OB / GYN Oncology / Hematology Ophthalmology Orthopedics Pain Management Pathology Pediatrics Primary Care Psychiatry Pulmonology Radiology Rheumatology Surgery Transplantation Urology Continuing Medical Education CME / CE Clinical Context State Required CME Graduate Medical Education CME Tracker Mastery Of Medicine Collections AGA Reading Room ASCO Reading Room Endocrine Society Reading Room Surveys Quizzes Special Reports Sign Up Log In Sign Up Log In Search Are Digital Health Interventions Good for Kids? Putting Patients First By Cutting Admin Tasks: HealthLeaders Media ACP: Improving Care for LGBT Community cme/ce BMI Falls Short for Cardiometabolic Risk Assessment in Minorities cme/ce Flu Shot Cut Risk of Flu-Related Death Among Most Kids LATEST MEDICAL NEWS Cardiology Claudication: Endovascular Therapy-Exercise Combo Best Bet Meta-analysis supports insurance coverage of exercise programs MedpageToday savesaved by Nicole Lou Reporter, MedPage Today/CRTonline.org April 03, 2017 For intermittent claudication, it is best to pair endovascular treatment with supervised exercise training, a meta-analysis showed. Getting endovascular therapy on top of supervised exercise training meant patients could walk longer on the treadmill (standardized mean difference 0.79, 95% CI 0.18-1.39; weighted mean difference 98.9 feet, 95% CI 31.4-166.4). Compared to exercise alone, getting both therapies was also associated with lower odds of revascularization or amputation over 1-year follow-up (OR 0.19, 95% CI 0.09-0.40), reported Dharam J. Kumbhani, MD, SM, of UT Southwestern Medical Center in Dallas, and colleagues. During this time, resting ankle brachial index also tended to be higher among patients who got endovascular therapy, whether they got it alone (standard mean difference 0.64, 95% CI 0.38-0.90) or with exercise training (standard mean difference 0.62, 95% CI 0.33-0.91), they wrote in JACC: Cardiovascular Interventions. However, stenting alone couldn't beat exercise for improving exercise capacity or risk of future revascularization or amputation. What's more, patients in the all treatment groups walked similar distances on the treadmill before the onset of claudication. All this suggests that supervised exercise training still holds an important place in treating patients with lower-extremity peripheral arterial disease and intermittent claudication, according to Neal N. Sawlani, MD, MPH, and Scott Kinlay, MBBS, PhD, both of the VA Boston Healthcare System. "Overall, the study is a stunning reaffirmation of supervised exercise training, both compared with the well-reimbursed therapy of revascularization alone and, by implication, as an important adjunct to endovascular revascularization when this is deemed necessary," they wrote in an accompanying editorial. Sawlani and Kinlay appeared to lament how rare supervised exercise training is in the U.S. "First, it is not covered by medical insurers, and second, it is sometimes difficult for patients to attend 3 supervised classes a week for several months." "As a result, those of us who treat claudication can only advise patients to pay for supervised exercise out of their own pocket or keep walking, a prescription that is sometimes misinterpreted as 'go take a hike [out of my office].' In contrast, revascularization, particularly by endovascular techniques, provides a relatively immediate 'fix' for both the patient (improved walking) and the institution and provider (handsome insurance reimbursement)." Kumbhani's group pooled seven randomized trials. Included were 987 patients with stable intermittent claudication on medical therapy, who were followed for a median of 12.4 months. "This report is very timely, as currently, representatives of several cardiovascular societies are lobbying the Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services to reimburse supervised exercise training for patients with claudication," the editorialists commented. "We who treat patients with claudication have long recognized that the lack of insurance coverage for supervised exercise programs is a denial of the scientific evidence. Maybe the advice we should give insurers about supervised exercise therapy is the only message we currently appear to give our patients, namely, pay for structured exercise programs, or 'go take a hike.'" Sawlani and Kinlay suggested that until these exercise programs gain insurance coverage, structured home-based regimens will have to do. Kumbhani disclosed support from the American College of Cardiology (ACC). Some co-authors disclosed relevant relationships with Medtronic, CSI, Gore, Boston Scientiﬁc, Merck, The Medicines Company, Novo Nordisk, Abbott Vascular, AstraZeneca, Asahi, Cardinal Health, Elsevier, GE Healthcare, St. Jude Medical, InfraRedx, Spectranetics, the ACC, Bayer, and Azalez. The editorial was supported by VA Clinical Science Research and Development Awards and by the Assistant Secretary of Defense for Health Affairs, through the Gulf War Illness Research Program. Kinlay disclosed relevant relationships with Medtronic and The Medicines Company. Sawlani disclosed no relevant relationships with industry. 2017-04-03T14:00:00-0400 Primary Source JACC: Cardiovascular Interventions Source Reference: Pandey A, et al "Comparative efficacy of endovascular revascularization versus supervised exercise training in patients with intermittent claudication: meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials" JACC Cardiovasc Interv 2017; DOI: 10.1016/j.jcin.2017.01.027. Secondary Source JACC: Cardiovascular Interventions Source Reference: Sawlani NN and Kinlay S "Claudication: pay for structured exercise or go take a hike" JACC Cardiovasc Interv 2017; DOI: 10.1016/j.jcin.2017.02.036. 0 comments More in Cardiology Mitralign Safe for Tricuspid Repair in Early Data Routine Imaging After TAVR Suggested to Catch Thrombosis Study: Don't Judge PCI Operators by Patient Mortality Claudication: Endovascular Therapy-Exercise Combo Best Bet About Help Center Site Map Terms of Use Privacy Policy Advertise with us Your Ad Choices The material on this site is for informational purposes only, and is not a substitute for medical advice, diagnosis or treatment provided by a qualified health care provider. © 2017 MedPage Today, LLC. All rights reserved.
NYMag.com Daily Intelligencer Vulture The Cut Science of Us Select All Grub Street The Strategist Log In Register My Account My Profile My Comments My Reviews My Friends Sign Out FOLLOW: Facebook Twitter Instagram The Cut Fashions Runway Street Style Designers Fame Beauty Goods Love & War Search Sections Fashions Fame Beauty Goods Love & War Plus Runway Street Style Designers Sites NYMag.com Daily Intelligencer Vulture Science of Us Grub Street Bedford & Bowery Like Us Follow Us Follow Us Ad will collapse in seconds… CLOSE Popular on The Cut April 3, 2017 04/03/2017 9:58 a.m. A Male-Birth-Control Injection May Soon Be Available in India, But Drugmakers Aren’t Getting Behind It By Lisa Ryan Share Facebook iconShare Twitter iconTweet Google Plus iconShare Pinterest iconPin It Email iconEmail Comment iconComment Print icon Print The reversible inhibition of sperm under guidance (RISUG) male-contraceptive injection. Photo: Sumit Dayal/Bloomberg via Getty Images Doctors in India have developed a new male-contraceptive injection that would provide men with years of fertility control and has been found to be safe, effective, and easy to use in human trials. But although the injection would ease the contraceptive burden on women and cut down on birth-control costs, drugmakers are showing “little interest” in the discovery. As Bloomberg reports, the new male-birth-control method — called reversible inhibition of sperm under guidance (RISUG) — is 98 percent effective at preventing pregnancy, doesn’t have any major side effects, and could cost as little as $10 in poor countries. Invented by Sujoy Guha, a biomedical engineer in India, RISUG uses a polymer gel that’s injected into sperm-carrying tubes in the scrotum and acts as a buffer to sperm. It can be reversed with a second shot that breaks down the gel, and after years of successful human trials, scientists are set to submit it for regulatory approval in India soon. The affordable method could take a sizable chunk out of the $10 billion market for female contraceptives and the $3.2 billion market for condoms worldwide, two areas that are currently dominated by pharmaceutical giants Pfizer Inc., Bayer AG, and Merck & Co. That could be why drugmakers aren’t rallying to support RISUG. (Representatives for those companies also told Bloomberg that they aren’t actively researching male birth control.) In fact, only a U.S. nonprofit has stepped up to help with the development of the technology so far. Per Bloomberg: “The fact that the big companies are run by white, middle-aged males who have the same feeling — that they would never do it — plays a major role,” said Herjan Coelingh Bennink, a gynecology professor who helped develop the contraceptives Implanon and Cerazette as head of research and development in women’s health for Organon International from 1987 to 2000. “If those companies were run by women, it would be totally different.” The burden of contraception largely falls on the shoulders of women across the world. According to the World Health Organization, nearly 225 million women around the world have unmet contraceptive needs, and a United Nations report found that almost 60 percent of married women used birth-control pills or another form of modern contraception in 2015. On the other hand, only 8 percent of women in the UN report relied on their male partner using condoms. Bloomberg Related This New Male Birth-Control Method Is Like an IUD for Guys Tags: male birth control contraception birth control male contraception health and wellness love and war More Male-Birth-Control Injection May Soon Be Available in India Share on Facebook Tweet this Story Top Stories Kim Kardashian’s Pain Was a Bit Too Palpable Michelle Obama’s Favorite J. Crew Designer Is Stepping Down Who Should Play Elena and Lila in the Elena Ferrante HBO Series? Most Viewed Stories Ivanka Trump’s Neighbor Watched the Protests Against Her While Sipping a Glass of Wine Jenna Lyons Is Leaving J.Crew How to Get Your Next Profile Picture to Look Like Melania Trump’s Official Portrait The Law Student Fantasizing About Anthony Bourdain Miranda Lambert Makes History at the Academy of Country Music Awards The Argument for Dresses This Spring Madame Clairevoyant: Horoscopes for the Week of April 3 Kim Kardashian’s Pain Was a Bit Too Palpable Women Everywhere Forgive Donald Trump for Everything After Watching 40-Second Instagram Video Amber Heard Sues Over Body Double’s Explicit Sex Scenes From Our Partners HuffPost Parents Mom Who Beat Cancer While Pregnant Dies A Day After… goop A Mid-Century Modern Aficionado's Newest Outpost-Plus… Man Repeller 5 Women in Dior SS17 on What Femininity Means to Them powered by PubExchange Most Popular Video On The Cut SNL's Greatest (and Funniest) Feminist Moments The Latest on the Cut 1:56 a.m. Nicki Minaj Opens Up About the Insecurities Even Confident Entertainers Can Have “You know what, we win and fail.” Yesterday at 11:54 p.m. Alex Rodriguez and Jennifer Lopez Attended Business Meeting Together Taking that relationship to another level. Yesterday at 6:27 p.m. Condé Nast To Freelancers: Want To Be Paid Faster? Take A Pay Cut More money or a faster turnaround? In the gig economy, you choose. Yesterday at 6:21 p.m. Inside the Homes of Georgia O’Keeffe and New York City Socialites The book How They Decorated profiles stylish women of the 20th century. Yesterday at 6:04 p.m. Jenna Lyons Has Been Pure Style Inspiration for Decades A look back at her influence at J.Crew. Yesterday at 5:37 p.m. Trump Models Is Losing Models Managers have left and founded their own agencies, as well. Yesterday at 5:25 p.m. Kim Kardashian’s Pain Was a Bit Too Palpable Meanwhile, Khloé sets out to make denim “history.” Yesterday at 5:10 p.m. Michelle Obama’s Favorite J. Crew Designer Is Stepping Down As she departs from J. Crew, a look back at the Jenna Lyons looks that defined Michelle Obama’s first lady style. Yesterday at 5:08 p.m. Bella Hadid Says She’s Proud to Be Muslim The model opened up about her faith in a new interview. Yesterday at 4:39 p.m. Ivanka Trump’s Neighbor Watched People Protest Her While Sipping Wine Dianne Bruce is the ultimate petty neighbor. Yesterday at 4:34 p.m. The Trailer for the Nasty Gal Netflix Show Is Here Sophia Amoruso may have declared bankruptcy, but her pop-culture reign is far from over. Yesterday at 3:58 p.m. Why Does Everyone Want This Crazy-Expensive Lotion? A small brand sold 2,000 bottles within 24 hours. Yesterday at 2:56 p.m. The Between Two Ferns Hillary Clinton Bit You Didn’t Get to See It involved a fax machine. Yesterday at 2:14 p.m. This Handmade Pepper Mill Is Always a Dinner-Party Hit It’s neither restaurant-blah nor Sharper-Image futuristic. Yesterday at 1:59 p.m. Who Should Play Elena and Lila in the Elena Ferrante HBO Series? A challenge in fancasting. Yesterday at 1:47 p.m. Rupert Sanders Opens Up About His Affair With Kristen Stewart You know, the one Donald Trump kept tweeting about in 2012. Yesterday at 12:58 p.m. 5 Spring Drugstore Makeup and Skin-Care Buys Under $20 Great news: You can now buy Korean sheet masks at every CVS. Yesterday at 12:54 p.m. Say It Ain’t So: Jenna Lyons Is Leaving J.Crew In her 26-year career there, she became practically synonymous with the brand. Yesterday at 12:53 p.m. How to Get Your Profile Picture to Look Like Melania Trump’s Official Portrait Get that look! Yesterday at 12:47 p.m. Fox News’ Julie Roginsky Files Sexual Harassment Lawsuit The post-scandal nightmare at the cable network continues. Newsletters Facebook Twitter Pinterest Instagram RSS Feedly Privacy Terms Sitemap Media Kit Ad Choices About Us Contacts Feedback We’re Hiring! © 2017, New York Media LLC. View all trademarks LOG IN REGISTER Social Account Facebook or Remember Me Forgot Password? Sign up with a social account: Facebook Don’t worry. We will never post to your social media account without your permission. or create an account Female Male NYMag.com may email me about new site features and special offers. By creating an account, you agree with the Terms of Service and Privacy Policy. We’ve sent a registration confirmation email to . Please follow the instructions in the email within 48 hours to complete your registration. Forgot Your Password? Enter your email address or username and we’ll email instructions on how to reset your password. This username or email is associated with a Facebook account. Log in with your social account: Facebook Check Your Inbox We’ve sent you an email with instructions on how to reset your password. Choose a Username Your username will appear next to your comments. Email: By creating a NYMag.com account, you agree with the Terms of Service and Privacy Policy. You already have an account registered under . You can link your Facebook account to your existing account. No, Sign In Welcome! You are now a registered user of NYMag.com, TheCut.com, Vulture.com, ScienceOfUs.com and GrubStreet.com. Want more? Subscribe to our daily newsletters. Daily Intelligencer Constant news updates on politics, business, media, and real estate. Vulture Breaking news and analysis on all the latest TV, movies, music, books, theater, and art. The Cut Get the latest fashion, beauty, and shopping news and recommendations. No Thanks We're sorry. You must confirm your registration within 48 hours of submitting your registration request. Please register again. You are already registered. Please log in. Reset Your Password Enter a new password Your password has been successfully changed. Please log in.
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 3 April 2017 by Military News Competitive Landscape for U.S. Bacterial Conjunctivitis Drugs Market by Segments – 2024 Albany, NY — (SBWIRE) — 04/03/2017 — The U.S. market for bacterial conjunctivitis drugs has been declining sharply over the last few years. Analysts project the trend to continue in the coming years. In 2013, the market’s opportunity was valued at US$473.3 mn, which is likely to reduce to US$439.8 mn by 2024. In the coming years, the market will have to experience a patent cliff as the top U.S. brands of bacterial conjunctivitis drugs, such as AzaSite, Zymaxid, Moxeza, and Vigamox, are set to lose their marketing exclusivity very soon. The growing genericization of antibacterial drugs has impacted the demand for branded drugs significantly. The generic versions of patented formulations, with almost same efficiency as the latter, are easily available at much lower rates in the market. This has increased the sales volume, albeit at the cost of revenues. Many branded ophthalmic drug manufacturers have incurred huge losses due to the generic cannibalization in this market. Rising Prevalence of MDROs Creates Serious Challenge for Market’s Growth Apart from this, the rising prevalence of multi-drug resistant organisms (MDROs), triggered by wide usage of antibiotics, incorrect drug dosage, and inappropriate medications, has created serious challenges for the treatment of infections such as bacterial conjunctivitis. Researchers across the world are working on discovering efficient drugs for these MDROs. However, the non-availability of effective medications in near future is likely to hamper the market’s growth over the coming years. Obtain Report Details @ http://www.transparencymarketresearch.com/us-bacterial-conjunctivitis-drugs-market.html Although the market is facing a number of restraints at present, it may experience a little relief in future if the product development partnerships (PDPs) models for business are implemented by participants. As various research and development procedures incur a high amount, exerting substantial pressure on pharma companies, strategic alliances with small biotech research organizations will prove to be beneficial for both the parties. Market Encroachment by Generic Variations to Limit Demand for Topical Fluoroquinolones Fluoroquinolones, macrolides, and aminoglycosides are the major classes of drugs used for the treatment of bacterial conjunctivitis. The demand for topical fluoroquinolones is the highest among all classes of bacterial conjunctivitis drugs in the U.S. However, the segment is projected to be hindered severely in the coming years, owing to the forthcoming patent expirations of bestselling drugs of this class, such as Vigamox, Moxeza, and Zymaxid by the end of 2016. The market’s opportunity will also be hurt significantly over the next few years due to the encroachment by generic variations of these drugs and decline from US$361.9 mn in 2013 to US$286.4 mn by 2024. Imminent Patent Expiries to Hurt Leading Players Severely Valeant Pharmaceuticals Int. Inc., Santen Pharmaceutical Co. Ltd., Pfizer Inc., Perrigo Com. Plc., Novartis AG, Merck & Co. Inc., F. Hoffmann-La Roche Ltd., Bayer AG, Akorn Inc., and Actavis Plc. are leading the market for bacterial conjunctivitis drugs in the U.S. The imminent patent expiries is likely to hurt the business of these players significantly in the near future. However, the rising prevalence of bacterial infection in eyes and the increasing susceptibility to infection among individuals of various age groups may provide rewarding opportunities to participants over the next few years. Players are recommended to focus on developing herbal medicines for the treatment of bacterial conjunctivitis, as the consumer preference is shifting from pharmacological medicines to herbal treatment regimens. Fill the form for an exclusive sample of this report @ http://www.transparencymarketresearch.com/sample/sample.php?flag=S&rep_id=12323 About Transparency Market Research Transparency Market Research (TMR) is a market intelligence company, providing global business information reports and services. Our exclusive blend of quantitative forecasting and trends analysis provides forward-looking insight for thousands of decision makers. We have an experienced team of Analysts, Researchers, and Consultants, who us e proprietary data sources and various tools and techniques to gather, and analyze information. Our business offerings represent the latest and the most reliable information indispensable for businesses to sustain a competitive edge. Each TMR Syndicated Research report covers a different sector – such as pharmaceuticals, chemical, energy, food & beverages, semiconductors, med-devices, consumer goods and technology. These reports provide in-depth analysis and deep segmentation to possible micro levels. With wider scope and stratified research methodology, our syndicated reports thrive to provide clients to serve their overall research requirement. Contact Transparency Market Research 90 State Street, Suite 700 Albany, NY 12207 Tel: +1-518-618-1030 USA – Canada Toll Free: 866-552-3453 Email: sales@transparencymarketresearch.com Website: http://www.transparencymarketresearch.com Browse market research blog: https://tmrresearch.blogspot.com/ CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious LUNGevity Launches Groundbreaking Platform for Patient Voices Next PostNext Global Food Grains Vending Machine Market Research Report 2017 – 2021 Search Recent Posts Healthcare CRM Market | Global Industry Analysis and Opportunity Assessment 2015-2022 Global Sports and Fitness Wear Sales Market 2017 – Adidas, Nike, Puma, Under Armour, VF Clinical Chemistry Analyzers Market To Be Driven By Increasing Prevalence Of Chronic Diseases Such As Diabetes Till 2025: Grand View Research, Inc. Digital Glass Military Aircraft Cockpit Systems Market Potential and Niche Segments, Geographical regions and Trends 2026 Vascular Access Systems Market Segmentation, Industry trends and Development to 2026 Business Contacts Business Directory Proudly powered by WordPress
DailyCaller The DC Home Politics US World Entertainment Sports Business Opinion Outdoors Deals Issues Blogs Send a Tip Columnists Ann Coulter Ask Matt Labash Matt Lewis The Mirror DC Trawler Ginni Thomas           DailyCaller   Search:     Home Politics US World Entertainment Sports Business Opinion Outdoors Deals Daily Dealer Wine Club Issues Defense Education Energy Blogs The Mirror DC Trawler Send a Tip Business   President Trump meet with Pharma industry representatives at the White House. REUTERS/Yuri Gripas    Cancer Drugs Keep Curbing Mortality Rates — But At A High Price Robert Donachie Finance and Health Care Reporter 10:39 AM 04/03/2017      Pinterest  Reddit  LinkedIn  WhatsApp     Share         TOP 5569440 New drugs are showing promise of improving the odds of surviving cancer, but they come with a price-tag equivalent of four years at one of the nation’s finest universities. Medications called checkpoint inhibitors, which allow for the immune system to recognize and attack cancer cells the same way it fights regular infections, are rapidly increasing cancer survival rates. Overall death rates from cancer from 2010-2014 have fallen by 1.8 percent per year for men and 1.4 percent per year for women. Death rates for 11 of the 16 most common cancer types in men and 13 of the 18 most common cancer types (including breast) in women are the decline. (RELATED: Survival Rates For Cancers Increase) Despite a growing competition in the market, pricing of these groundbreaking drugs aren’t curbing as economists would expect. Prices of said drugs can top $250,000 a year, and each checkpoint inhibitor has a market list-price around $150,000. Improvements in cancer-related drugs are thanks to work by pharmaceutical companies like Bristol-Myers Squibb, Merck & Co, and Roche Holding AG, Reuters reports. The global market for cancer drugs is expected to grow from around $17 billion to $75.8 billion in 2022. President Donald Trump has made health care a hall mark component of his administration’s legislative agenda. The president hosted pharmaceutical executives in the Oval Office in January to discuss ways of cutting drug prices. The pharmaceutical industry claims that the exorbitant prices of some drugs are a result of the high cost of bringing a drug to market. It takes a major initial investment to research, discover, produce, test, and market a new  drug. While pharmaceutical companies have had some success in negotiating down the price of some older cancer treatments, it isn’t common for prices to go below a market-rate for newer, innovative treatment options. There remains one bright spot. Medicare, the government-backed health care program for the poor and elderly, Part D covers most prescription drugs. Part D plans are required to cover all cancer-related drugs. Therefore, those who are the most at-risk of developing cancer–the elderly–are likely covered if a diagnoses occurs. Follow Robert on Twitter Send tips to [email protected] Content created by The Daily Caller News Foundation is available without charge to any eligible news publisher that can provide a large audience. For licensing opportunities of our original content, please contact [email protected] . Tags: Donald Trump Hide Comments   Show comments Free News Alerts Privacy: We never share your email Sections Politics US Opinion Entertainment World Business Sports Tech Featured Partners Columns Ann Coulter Ask Matt Labash Matt Lewis The Mirror DC Trawler Ginni Thomas Corporate About Us Advertise With Us Employment Terms Of Use Privacy Policy Contact Us Follow Facebook Twitter Google+ © Copyright 2010 - 2017 | The Daily Caller
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 3 April 2017 by satprnews satprnews Alopecia (Hair Loss)Treatment Market Plying for Significant Growth During 2016 – 2022 Alopecia is a term used to describe excessive hair damage under certain medical conditions or dietary issues. Sedentary lifestyle, and unhealthy diets is leading to loss of hair among masses. Furthermore, ageing and hormonal imbalance, increasing chronic disease like arthritis, cancer, hypertension, depression also leads to hair loss especially among middle aged population. According to American Hair Loss Association, androgenetic alopecia accounts for over 95% of hair loss in men.  Over 800 thousand patients are seeking some kind of treatment for hair loss worldwide. For the treatment of alopecia, U.S. FDA proved two drugs – Minoxidil, to treat hypertension and finasteride (Propecia) to treat benign prostate hyperplasia (BPH). American Hair Loss Association recommends the use of minoxidil in patients who have not responded to finasteride treatment. Prevalence rate of alopecia is high among working age population. Treatment seeking rate for alopecial is more prevalent in developed regions as compared to that in developing regions, however, over the past few years, demand for alopecia treatment has increased dramatically in developing regions such as China and India owing to increase in healthcare expenditure and improved healthcare infrastructure facilities. In China, 6 percent females and 21 percent of males suffer from hormone driven hair loss. A sample of this report is available upon request @ http://www.persistencemarketresearch.com/samples/9677 Changing lifestyle along with increase in stress level among working class population is expected to boost the demand for treatment of hair loss globally. Furthermore, rise in geriatrics population along with high demand for surgical hair transplant is expected to drive the alopecia treatment market. Increasing consumer disposable incomes and health awareness, emphasis to look good, and technological advancement in hair treatment medical devices are some other key drivers for this market. Since accessibility for scalp treatment is easily accessible and available, the demand for alopecia treatment has increased. Though the market is expected to witness healthy growth during the forecast period, high cost of the medications and possible side effects/allergic reactions are acting as key barrier for alopecia market. The alopecia treatment market has grown substantially at a healthy CAGR due to changing lifestyle and greater emphasis on outward appearance to look good. With rapid technological advancement and innovation, alopecia treatment market is expected to grow globally. North America is the largest market for alopecia treatment while Asia Pacific is expected to be the fastest growing market during the forecast period. The alopecia treatment market is expected to register a significant CAGR during the forecast period. Depending on geographic regions, alopecia treatment is segmented into seven key regions: North America, Latin America, Europe, Asia Pacific, and Middle East & Africa. North America, followed by Europe, is expected to dominate the alopecia treatment market throughout the forecast period. Asia Pacific excluding Japan is poised to witness fastest growth owing to outburst of middle aged population in the region. Also, the region is witnessing healthy growth in terms of GDP, which in turn is expected to propel growth at healthy digits. Middle East & Africa and Latin America are expected to sluggish growth during the forecast period. Request to View Tables of Content @ http://www.persistencemarketresearch.com/toc/9677 Some of the key market players for alopecia treatment market are Cipla, Viviscal, Dr. Reddy’s Laboratories Ltd., Regaine, Merck & Co., Inc, Ranbaxy Laboratories Ltd, Phyto – Alès Groupe, Kirkland Signature, Vitabiotics, Nanogen, Alpecin – Dr. Kurt Wolff GmbH & Co. KG, Rogaine – Johnson and Johnson.   About Us  Persistence Market Research (PMR) is a U.S.-based full-service market intelligence firm specializing in syndicated research, custom research, and consulting services. PMR boasts market research expertise across the Healthcare, Chemicals and Materials, Technology and Media, Energy and Mining, Food and Beverages, Semiconductor and Electronics, Consumer Goods, and Shipping and Transportation industries. The company draws from its multi-disciplinary capabilities and high-pedigree team of analysts to share data that precisely corresponds to clients’ business needs. PMR stands committed to bringing more accuracy and speed to clients’ business decisions. From ready-to-purchase market research reports to customized research solutions, PMR’s engagement models are highly flexible without compromising on its deep-seated research values. Contact Persistence Market Research Pvt. Ltd 305 Broadway 7th Floor, New York City, NY 10007, United States, USA – Canada Toll Free: 800-961-0353 Email: sales@persistencemarketresearch.com  media@persistencemarketresearch.com  Web: http://www.persistencemarketresearch.com CategoriesUncategorized TagsAlopecia, Alopecia Treatment Market, Global 1, Google News, Hair Loss, Healthcare Market, Life Sciences, Market Growth, Market Shares, Market size, Market Trends, satPRnews, Transformational Health Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Meso Numismatics To Be Featured At Heritage Auctions Signature Auction Next PostNext Japan’s Adastria Co., Ltd. to acquire US contemporary apparel brand Velvet Search Recent Posts Alamos Gold Completes Retirement of US$315 Million Senior Secured Notes Serengeti Announces Positive PEA Results: 21% IRR Pre-tax for Kwanika Copper-Gold Project Serinus Energy Announces Executive Appointment InfraCap MLP ETF (NYSE: AMZA) Declares Quarterly Dividend Freddie Mac Obtains First ACIS Policies of 2017 Business Contacts Business Directory Proudly powered by WordPress
Today: April 4, 2017, 9:05 am ﻿ HOME SIGN UP! NEW PRESS RELEASE CATEGORIES Your current selected language is German Click below to switsch to English ﻿ HOME SIGN UP! NEW PRESS RELEASE CATEGORIES ﻿ Health New Study: PharmaPoint: Dyslipidemia - Global Drug Forecast and Market Analysis to 2025 Recently published research from GlobalData, "PharmaPoint: Dyslipidemia - Global Drug Forecast and Market Analysis to 2025", is now available at Fast Market Research PR-Inside.com: 2017-04-03 15:54:37 GlobalData estimates sales of dyslipidemia therapeutics to be approximately $11.2B across the 7MM in 2015, encompassing the US, 5EU, and Japan. The dyslipidemia market will grow at a strong CAGR of 10.1% over the forecast period, reaching sales of $29.2B by 2025. The US is the largest market for dyslipidemia therapies, contributing approximately 61.5% of total sales in the base year. GlobalData expects uptake of the revolutionary class of PCSK9 targeting biologics to be the strongest driver of growth in the dyslipidemia market in the 7MM, reaching peak sales of $9.5B in 2025. Despite the launch of such efficacious lipid-lowering therapies, there is ample opportunity for pipeline drugs targeting the broader mixed dyslipidemia market. As pricing is expected to be the strongest barrier to uptake in the dyslipidemia space, cost-effective therapies will be more successful at penetrating the market. Full Report Details at - www.fastmr.com/prod/1272281_pharmapoint_dyslipidemia.aspx?afid=7 .. Highlights Key Questions Answered * The level of unmet needs in the dyslipidemia market remains high. Will the pipeline drugs fulfil these unmet needs of the market? Key Opinion Leaders (KOLs) interviewed by GlobalData provide insights and highlight opportunities for drug developers. * The 10-year forecast period will mark the launch of several biologics targeting PCSK9. How will the market be impacted? Which of the marketed and pipeline drugs will have the highest peak sales at the highest CAGR, and why? * Pricing has a strong influence over drug uptake. How will reimbursement affect the adoption of combination therapy in the different markets? Key Findings * The major drivers for growth across the 7MM in the dyslipidemia market during the forecast period will be the launch of the novel PCSK9 targeting therapies. * KOLs interviewed by GlobalData opined that ETC-1002 (bempedoic acid) will be a strong contender, and will displace ezetimibe as the standard of care for statin intolerant patients. * The highest revenue generators in the 7MM market at the end of 2025 will be the PCSK9 targeting therapies and ETC-1002. * In other interviews, KOLs highlighted that the greatest unmet need in the dyslipidemia space is disease awareness, with a large proportion of patients going underdiagnosed, and of those who are diagnosed, drug treatment rates are also low. Report Scope * Overview of dyslipidemia, including epidemiology, etiology, pathophysiology, symptoms, diagnosis, and treatment guidelines. * Annualized dyslipidemia therapeutics market revenue, annual cost of therapy and treatment usage pattern data from 2015 and forecast for ten years to 2025. * Key topics covered include strategic competitor assessment, market characterization, unmet needs, clinical trial mapping and implications for the dyslipidemia therapeutics market. * Pipeline analysis: comprehensive data split across different phases, emerging novel trends under development, and detailed analysis of late-stage pipeline drugs. * Analysis of the current and future market competition in the global dyslipidemia therapeutics market. Insightful review of the key industry drivers, restraints and challenges. Each trend is independently researched to provide qualitative analysis of its implications. Reasons to Get this Report The report will enable you to - * Develop and design your in-licensing and out-licensing strategies through a review of pipeline products and technologies, and by identifying the companies with the most robust pipeline. Additionally a list of acquisition targets included in the pipeline product company list. * Develop business strategies by understanding the trends shaping and driving the dyslipidemia therapeutics market. * Drive revenues by understanding the key trends, innovative products and technologies, market segments, and companies likely to impact the dyslipidemia therapeutics market in future. * Formulate effective sales and marketing strategies by understanding the competitive landscape and by analysing the performance of various competitors. * Identify emerging players with potentially strong product portfolios and create effective counter-strategies to gain a competitive advantage. * Track drug sales in the 7MM dyslipidemia therapeutics market from 2015-2025. * Organize your sales and marketing efforts by identifying the market categories and segments that present maximum opportunities for consolidations, investments and strategic partnerships. Companies Mentioned in this Report: AbbVie , Aegerion Pharmaceuticals, Inc., Akcea Therapeutics, Inc. and Ionis Pharmaceuticals, Amarin , Amgen , AstraZeneca , Cerenis Therapeutics, Inc., Daiichi Sankyo , Eli Lilly , Esperion Therapeutics, Inc., Genzyme , Merck & Co. , Regeneron Pharmaceuticals, Inc., Sanofi , The Medicines Company About GlobalData GlobalData is a leading provider of global business intelligence including market, competitor, product and customer information. It provides in-depth research, analysis, data and forecasts through a range of interactive online databases, reports and management briefings. GlobalData has a large team of experienced research and analysis, consulting, and marketing experts. It has a global presence, including key offices in the US, Europe and Asia. The group has over 50 years of experience of delivering market intelligence data and analysis and a highly experienced senior management team. View more research from GlobalData at www.fastmr.com/catalog/publishers.aspx?pubid=1015&afid=701 About Fast Market Research Fast Market Research is a leading distributor of market research and business information. Representing the world's top research publishers and analysts, we provide quick and easy access to the best competitive intelligence available. Our unbiased, expert staff is always available to help you find the right research to fit your requirements and your budget. For more information about these or related research reports, please visit our website at www.fastmr.com or call us at 1.800.844.8156 (1.413.485.7001 Int'l) Press Information Published by Bill Thompson 18008448156 e-mail www.fastmr.com # 875 Words Related Articles More From The Author New Study: Bath & Shower Products (Personal [..] "Bath & Shower Products (Personal Hygiene) Market in BRICS - Outlook to 2020: Market Size, Growth and Forecast Analytics" is [..] Now Available: Face Make-Up (Make-Up) Market in [..] "Face Make-Up (Make-Up) Market in South America - Outlook to 2020: Market Size, Growth and Forecast Analytics" is [..] New Report Available: Meal Kits (Prepared Meals) [..] "Meal Kits (Prepared Meals) Market in BRICS - Outlook to 2020: Market Size, Growth and Forecast Analytics" is a [..] New Study: Nectars (Soft Drinks) Market in [..] "Nectars (Soft Drinks) Market in North America - Outlook to 2020: Market Size, Growth and Forecast Analytics" is [..] Cured Meats (Savory & Deli Foods) Market [..] "Cured Meats (Savory & Deli Foods) Market in Europe - Outlook to 2020: Market Size, Growth and Forecast Analytics" is [..]   More From Health Frost & Sullivan independent industry report identifies [..] PERTH, W. AUSTRALIA, Mar 28, 2017 - (ACN Newswire) - Proteomics International Laboratories Ltd (PILL; ASX:PIQ) is the leader in [..] New dynamics in monitoring diagnostics in leukemia Dresden/Germany Diagnosis leukemia and stem cell transplantation The diagnosis "leukemia" for patients means to undergo [..] PromarkerD Predictive Diagnostics for DKD to Roll-out [..] PERTH, AUSTRALIA, Mar 22, 2017 - (ACN Newswire) - Proteomics International Laboratories Ltd ('PILL'; ASX: PIQ), a world leader [..] Do Prostalgene Drops Help To Restore Prostate [..] Prostate enlargement is among the most common health problems for men over 50. With age the incidence of this condition [..] Is OnycoSolve Spray The Key To Obliterating [..] Toenail fungus is an undesirable but stubborn infection that comes with sweating, itching, cracking and scaling of the feet, inflammations, [..] Disclaimer: If you have any questions regarding information in this press release please contact the company added in the press release. Please do not contact pr-inside. We will not be able to assist you. PR-inside disclaims the content included in this release. ﻿ Home Sign Up! New Press Release Categories Terms Of Service Privacy About Us Contact Us                
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 3 April 2017 by satprnews satprnews Global Advanced Drug Delivery Systems-Market, Trends, Growth and Forecast (2017-2022) Summary Orbis Research add’s New Report Global Markets for Advanced Drug Delivery Systems Market Trend and Forecast (2017-2022) which has been prepared based on an in-depth market analysis with inputs from industry experts. Description The Global Market for Advanced drug delivery systems was valued at $XX billion in 2014 and is forecasted to reach nearly $XX billion by 2020 at a compound annual growth rate (CAGR) of XX%. Drug delivery system is a process of administering a pharmaceutical compound in humans or animals to achieve a therapeutic effect. The new and emerging drug delivery systems are much advanced over traditional systems in terms of their site specificity, accuracy, efficacy, decreased dosing frequency, mechanism of action and reductions in toxic metabolites. These advantages of advanced drug delivery systems are driving significant growth in the global drug delivery markets. The market will grow at a healthy pace in the next few years because of continuous discovery and development of new drug delivery systems in research-based pharmaceutical companies, which is again a reason for strategic collaborations and profitable partnerships between pharmaceutical companies. Get a PDF Sample of Global Markets for Advanced Drug Delivery Systems Report at: http://www.orbisresearch.com/contacts/request-sample/220353 The global market for advanced drug delivery systems is segmented of basis of 1) Type (Oral drug delivery system, Injection-based drug delivery system, Inhalation/Pulmonary drug delivery system, Transdermal drug delivery system, Transmucosal drug delivery system and Carrier based drug delivery system), 2) Application (Cardiovascular diseases, Oncology, Urology, Diabetes, CNS, Ophthalmology, Inflammatory diseases, Infections and Others), 3) Technology (Prodrug, Implants and Intrauterine devices (IUDs), Targeted drug delivery, Polymeric drug delivery) and 4) Geographic Regions. Carrier based drug delivery system has sub-segments like Liposomal drug delivery system and Nanoparticle drug delivery system. North America has the largest market for advanced drug delivery systems, followed by Europe. These regions have a well-established pharmaceutical industry which fuel the growth of the advanced drug delivery market. The Asian market is expected to double its growth in coming years because of developments in pharmaceutical and healthcare industries. The major players for this market include 3M Company, Abbott Laboratories, Amgen Inc., Astellas Pharma, Astrazeneca, Baxter International Inc., Bayer Healthcare Pharmaceuticals, Boston Scientific, Celgene Corporation, Glaxosmithkline PLC, Merck & Co, Novartis, Pfizer, Roche Holding, Sanofi SA and Teva Pharmaceuticals among others. Drivers The global advanced drug delivery market is driven by development of new drugs and biologics. Also, advances in understanding human biology and diseases, R & D spending, non-traditional administration routes and new and emerging technologies fuel this market. Restraints The product recalls of advanced drug delivery products is a major factor that is hindering the growth of this market along with raised concerns on R&D expenditure for development of such products. Place a Purchase Order for Global Markets for Advanced Drug Delivery Systems Report at: http://www.orbisresearch.com/contact/purchase/220353 What the report offers? 1) Market Definition for the specified topic along with identification of key drivers and restraints for the market. 2) Market analysis for the Global Advanced Drug Delivery Systems Market in Healthcare Industry, with region specific assessments and competition analysis on a global and regional scale. 3) Identification of factors instrumental in changing the market scenarios, rising prospective opportunities and identification of key companies which can influence the market on a global and regional scale. 4) Extensively researched competitive landscape section with profiles of major companies along with their strategic initiatives and market shares. 5)Identification and analysis of the Macro and Micro factors that affect the Global Advanced Drug Delivery Systems Market in Healthcare Industry on both global and regional scale. 6) A comprehensive list of key market players along with the analysis of their current strategic interests and key financial information. CategoriesUncategorized TagsAdvanced Drug Delivery, Advanced Drug Delivery System, Google News, Medical, Medicines, Pharmaceuticals, satPRnews Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Dental Consumables Market Report 2021: Development Trends, Drivers, Market Entry Strategies Next PostNext Glycine Market 2017 Global Trend, Segmentation and Opportunities Forecast To 2022 Search Recent Posts Distributed Temperature Sensing Systems Market Value Chain and Forecast 2015-2025 Impact of Existing and Emerging Capsule Endoscope and Workstations Market Trends 2015-2025 Now Available – Worldwide Flexible Barrier Films for Electronics Market Report 2015-2025 2017-2021 Global Automotive Evp (Electric Vacuum Pump) Industry Analysis & Forecast Report Thyroid Function Tests Market To Increase at Steady Growth Rate Business Contacts Business Directory Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 3 April 2017 by Military News Pain Management Therapeutics Market to Exceed US$ 83 Billion Globally by 2024 New York, March 31: Market Research Engine has published a new report titled as “Pain Management Therapeutics Market by Therapeutics Analysis (Antidepressants, Anesthetics, Anticonvulsants, Opioids (Oxycodones, Hydrocodones, Tramadol), Antimigraine Agents, Other Non-narcotic Analgesic); by Indication Analysis (Migraine, Cancer Pain, Neuropathic Pain, Fibromyalgia, Chronic Back Pain, Arthritic Pain, Post-operative Pain) – Global Industry Analysis and Forecast 2016 – 2024” How Big is The Pain Management Therapeutics Market? The pain management therapeutics market is expected to exceed more than US$ 83 Billion by 2024; Growing at a CAGR of more than 3.5% in the given forecast period. Browse Full Report: www.marketresearchengine.com/reportdetails/pain-managemen… Pain management is one of the branch of medicine which utilizes an inter punitive approach for improving the superiority and easing the suffering of life of persons who are living with the chronic pain. The usual pain management group consists of clinical psychologists, clinical nurse specialists, physician assistants, occupational therapists, physiotherapists, pharmacists and medical practitioners. Market analyst proposes that almost 20% of world’s population currently suffers from chronic pain. Factors that are increasing number of surgeries, changing lifestyle, increasing geriatric population and increasing prevalence of chronic diseases are responsible for growth in new patients every year. The major driving factors of pain management therapeutics market are as follows: Approving health care reforms and regulatory scenario Increasing approval of pain management therapeutics between end users Increasing in geriatric population with high risk of different diseases Growing frequency of chronic pain disorders The restraining factors of pain management therapeutics market are as follows: Enduring pain relief from medical devices, alternative therapies and surgical procedures Prescription drug exploitation Exclusive rights expiry of entry of generics and key drugs Download Free Sample Report: www.marketresearchengine.com/requestsample/pain-managemen… The pain management therapeutics market is segmented on the lines of its therapeutics, indication and regional. Based on therapeutics segmentation it covers antimigraine agents, non steroidal anti inflammatory drugs, anesthetics, antidepressants, anticonvulsants, opioids and other non narcotic analgesic. Opioidsis further segmented into tramadol, hydrocodones, oxycodaones and others such as methadone, meperidine, fentanyl, codeine, morphine. Based on indication segmentation the pain management therapeutics market covers cancer pain, post operative pain, migraine, arthritic pain, chronic back pain, fibromyalgia and neuropathic pain. The pain management therapeutics marketis geographic segmentation covers various regions such as North America, Europe, Asia Pacific, Latin America, Middle East and Africa. Each geography market is further segmented to provide market revenue for select countries such as the U.S., Canada, U.K. Germany, China, Japan, India, Brazil, and GCC countries. This report provides: 1) An overview of the global market for pain management therapeutics and related technologies. 2) Analyses of global market trends, with data from 2013, estimates for 2014 and 2015, and projections of compound annual growth rates (CAGRs) through 2024. 3) Identifications of new market opportunities and targeted promotional plans for pain management therapeutics. 4) Discussion of research and development, and the demand for new products and new applications. 5) Comprehensive company profiles of major players in the industry. REPORT SCOPE: The scope of the report includes a detailed study of global and regional markets for pain management therapeutics with the reasons given for variations in the growth of the industry in certain regions. The report covers detailed competitive outlook including the market share and company profiles of the key participants operating in the global market. Key players profiled in the report include Abbott Laboratories, AstraZeneca, Depomed, Inc., Endo Pharmaceuticals, Inc., GlaxoSmithKline plc, Johnson & Johnson, Mallinckrodt Pharmaceuticals, Merck & Co., Inc., Novartis AG, Pfizer, Inc., Purdue Pharma L.P., and Teva Pharmaceutical Industries Limited. Company profile includes assign such as company summary, financial summary,business strategy and planning, SWOT analysis and current developments. The Top Companies Report is intended to provide buyers with a snapshot of the industry’s most influential players. The Pain management therapeutics Market has been segmented as below: By Therapeutics Analysis Antimigraine agents Non steroidal anti inflammatory drugs Anesthetics Antidepressants Anticonvulsants Opioids Tramadol Hydrocodones Oxycodaones Others (Methadone, Meperidine, Fentanyl, Codeine, Morphine) Other non narcotic analgesic By Indication Analysis Cancer pain Post operative pain Migraine Arthritic pain Chronic back pain Fibromyalgia Neuropathic pain By Regional Analysis North America Europe Asia-Pacific Rest of the World Reasons to Buy this Report: 1) Obtain the most up to date information available on all pain management therapeutics market globally. 2) Identify growth segments and opportunities in the industry. 3) Facilitate decision making on the basis of strong historic and forecast of pain management therapeutics data. 4) Assess your competitor’s refining portfolio and its evolution. About MarketResearchEngine.com Market Research Engine is a global market research and consulting organization. We provide market intelligence in emerging, niche technologies and markets. Our market analysis powered by rigorous methodology and quality metrics provide information and forecasts across emerging markets, emerging technologies and emerging business models. Our deep focus on industry verticals and country reports help our clients to identify opportunities and develop business strategies. Media Contact Company Name: Market Research Engine Contact Person: John Bay Email: john@marketresearchengine.com Phone: +1-855-984-1862, +91-860-565-7204 Country: United States Website: www.marketresearchengine.com/ Address: 3422 SW 15 Street, Suite #8942, Deerfield Beach, FL 33442, United States This release was published on openPR. CategoriesUncategorized TagsHealth & Medicine Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Galvanizing Market 2017 – Arcelor, RIVA, Severstal, Hyundai-steel, Rio Tinto, Nippon Steel Corporation, JFE, Concord, Youfa, WISCO, ANSHAN IRON AND STEEL, Magang, HBIS, Baosteel, Shougang, DLS, Sutor Next PostNext Organ Preservation Solutions Market is Expected to Cross US$ 300 Million by 2023 Search Recent Posts New Study: 2017 APAC Ceramic Coating Industry 2022 BitHub.Africa Announces African Blockchain Opportunity Crowdsale Campaign to Foster Region’s Cryptocurrency Ecosystem Salt Funds sours further on NPT’s Kiwi Property deal Beef + Lamb New Zealand resolutions pass Annual reunion honors sacrifice of POW, MIA service members Business Contacts Business Directory Proudly powered by WordPress
Investing Trading Credit Markets Options Technology Energy LoginMy Member Benefitsarchivesresearchyour teamabout usFAQLog out Share This Article Facebook LinkedIn Twitter Google+ Reddit Print Email Pinterest Delicious StumbleUpon Gmail Yahoo Tumblr Digg Private Briefing with WILLIAM PATALON III, Executive Editor A Candid Look at a "Post-Water America" – and the One Company Trying to Avoid It Late last year, Sarah Scoles asked herself these two tough questions. First, what would a “post-water America” look like? Full Story This is premium content for paid-up Private Briefing subscribers only. How would you like to put an extra $125,000 in your nest egg? You can potentially do it this year - and you'll only have to risk $20 to learn how. Click here. Our FlagshipMoney Morning Michael A. Robinson'sStrategic Tech Investor Shah Gilani'sWall Street Insights & Indictments YourProfit Alerts Keith Fitz-Gerald'sTotal Wealth Dr. Kent Moors'Oil & Energy Investor Tom Gentile'sPower Profit Trades Michael Lewitt's Sure Money D.R. Barton's10 Minute Millionaire Research ServicesMoney Map Press Archives Research Your Team About Us FAQ Videos Login to My Account Visit Money Map Press Forget your password? Not a member? Investing Trading Credit Markets Options Technology Energy HOME Email this Article Send with mail | ahoo instead. To: Required Needs to be a valid email From: Required Needs to be a valid email Subject: IPO News: Is This Extremely Secretive $4.7 Billion Company About to Go Public? Message: URL: http://bit.ly/2nEqx7m  +  nine  =  fourteen Required Please enter the correct value. Share Email this Article Send with mail | ahoo instead. To: Required Needs to be a valid email From: Required Needs to be a valid email Subject: IPO News: Is This Extremely Secretive $4.7 Billion Company About to Go Public? Message: URL: http://bit.ly/2nEqx7m eight  ×   =  72 Required Please enter the correct value. get daily headlines subscribe now! today's private briefing Twitter Follow topicFollow Biotech and Pharma Alertsno responses IPOs IPO News: Is This Extremely Secretive $4.7 Billion Company About to Go Public? By Jack Delaney, Associate Editor, Money Morning • March 31, 2017 Start the conversation Leave a Reply Click here to cancel reply. Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Name * Email * Website 2  ×   =  fourteen Comment Some HTML is OK Sign me up for the Money Morning newsletter IPO News: There's a massive new development out of Cambridge, Mass., the home to some of the top academic minds at Harvard University and the Massachusetts Institute of Technology (MIT). A secretive biotech company that doesn't sell any products somehow has a valuation of $4.7 billion. This stealthy startup is sitting on $1.3 billion in cash and has raised over $1.9 billion since its inception. Little is known about the CEO other than he reportedly has a $500 million fortune. But here's what we do now… This private company could revolutionize modern medicine, and it may go public soon if it can successfully launch a new vaccine … IPO News: The Secret $4 Billion Biotech Firm with Big Plans There are reportedly 12 drugs in its pipeline, although there are very few clues as to what the biotech firm is actually working on. According to Forbes, the company's remedies could cure everything from cancer to the Zika virus. In fact, well-known pharmaceutical companies are lining up to invest or work with the secretive group. In 2013, this private business signed a deal for a $240 million cash payment with AstraZeneca Plc. (NYSE ADR: AZN), a biopharmaceutical company worth nearly $80 billion. AstraZeneca followed that with a $140 million investment in 2014. Alexion, a rare-disease specialist, also jumped at the chance of investing with $25 million in 2014. In June 2016, Merck & Co. Inc. (NYSE: MRK) paid $200 million to get the biotech company's help to develop cancer vaccines. We're closely watching this company because of the success of recent healthcare IPOs. Shares of AnaptysBio Inc. (Nasdaq: ANAB) opened at $16 per share on Jan. 2 and opened this morning at $29.17 per share. Must Read – Spotify IPO: The Secret Way You could Make Up to 156% in Profit That's an increase of 82% in just over two months. Of course, finding news about the tight-lipped firm hasn't been easy. But because of an obscure lawsuit, there's more information available about the secretive company than ever before. Here's the scoop on what could be the biggest healthcare IPO this year… This Could Be the Biggest IPO News of 2017 Join the conversation. Click here to jump to comments… (0) COMMENTS FACEBOOK COMMENTS TAGS Tags: IPOs Leave a Reply Click here to cancel reply. Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Name * Email * Website three  −   =  one Comment Some HTML is OK Sign me up for the Money Morning newsletter Private Briefing Login with WILLIAM PATALON III, Executive Editor TODAY'S INSIGHT A Candid Look at a "Post-Water America" – and the One Company Trying to Avoid It Forget your password? Not a member? Profit Alerts Never miss a profit pick again. Choose from the topics below to receive our money-making recommendations in real time. Biotech and Pharma Alerts (this article) IPO Watch (this article) Best Investments Alerts Gold and Silver Alerts Don't forget choose a topic. View all topics Daily Market Strategies Before the Bell Preview After Market Roundup Breaking Stories Profit Strategies Best Investments Alerts Trading Strategy Alerts Retirement Tips Options Trading Stock Market Crash Insurance Hot Trends Marijuana Industry Updates Cybersecurity Updates Wall Street Scam Watch Bitcoin/Cryptocurrency Updates Politics Alerts Financial Regulation Alerts Terrorism Watch Conspiracy Theories Alerts U.S. Economy Fed Watch Housing Market Updates Economic Data Alerts Bond Market Watch Global Markets US Dollar Alerts China and All Asia Alerts Europe Alerts Emerging Economies Alerts Currencies Watch Stocks Biotech and Pharma Alerts Penny Stocks Alerts Energy Watch Tech Watch Dividend Stocks Alerts Small Cap Stocks Alerts Apple Updates Facebook Updates Amazon Updates Google Updates Exxon Updates IPO Watch Stocks to Watch Commodities Gold and Silver Alerts Oil and Gas Alerts Alternative Energy Alerts Metals Updates Expert Insight Keith Fitz-Gerald Michael Lewitt Dr Kent Moors Michael A Robinson Shah Gilani Tom Gentile William Patalon III D R Barton Jr Sid Riggs Ernie Tremblay Enter email: Submit We respect your privacy. Learn more. Select Topics & Save Latest News April 3, 2017 By Michael E. Lewitt Leave a Comment How to Quit Being An Ignorant Investor April 3, 2017 By Garrett Baldwin Leave a Comment Dow Jones News Today: Dow Falls 13 Points After Weak Auto Sales Numbers April 3, 2017 By Alex McGuire Leave a Comment Top Penny Stock Gainers to Watch in April 2017 Trending Posts 6368 Reads 43 Likes Price of Gold Today Continues 2017 Rate Hike Rally The price of gold today continues the recent rate hike rally. But the surging dollar this week has worried investors. Here's why gold will still rally in 2017... 4730 Reads 10 Likes Top Marijuana Stocks to Watch This Week (April 3) There's exciting news about the top marijuana stocks to watch this week. In fact, there's one pot stock that could climb 201% over the next year... Today's Markets DJIA -13.01 (0.06%) 20,650.21 NASDAQ -17.06 (0.29%) 5,894.68 S&P -3.88 (0.16%) 2,358.84 AZN 0.00 (0.00%) 31.14 MRK 0.07 (0.11%) 63.47 ANAB 0.15 (0.54%) 27.90 ABOUT MONEY MORNING Money Morning gives you access to a team of ten market experts with more than 250 years of combined investing experience – for free. Our experts – who have appeared on FOXBusiness, CNBC, NPR, and BloombergTV – deliver daily investing tips and stock picks, provide analysis with actions to take, and answer your biggest market questions. Our goal is to help our millions of e-newsletter subscribers and Moneymorning.com visitors become smarter, more confident investors. QUICK LINKS About Us How Money Morning Works FAQs Contact Us Search Article Archive Forgot Username/Password Login to Private Briefing FREE NEWSLETTERS Strategic Tech Investor Oil & Energy Investor Total Wealth Research Wall Street Insights & Indictments Power Profit Trades Sure Money Investor 10 Minute Millionaire PREMIUM SERVICES Money Map Press Home Money Map Report Energy Advantage Nova-X Report Private Briefing Energy Inner Circle High Velocity Profits Biotech Insider Alert Capital Wave Forecast Radical Technology Profits Stealth Profits Trader Short-Side Fortunes The Delta Factor Money Calendar Alert Weekly Cash Clock Zenith Trading Circle Get In Touch Like Our Page Follow Us Watch Us on YouTube © 2017 Money Morning All Rights Reserved. Protected by copyright of the United States and international treaties. Any reproduction, copying, or redistribution (electronic or otherwise, including the world wide web), of content from this webpage, in whole or in part, is strictly prohibited without the express written permission of Money Morning. Address: 16 W. Madison St. Baltimore, MD, 21201 | Phone: 888.384.8339 I Disclaimer | Sitemap | Privacy Policy | Whitelist Us You may choose from these hot topics to start receiving our money-making recommendations in real time. Don't forget choose a topic. Biotech and Pharma Alerts (this article) IPO Watch (this article) Best Investments Alerts Gold and Silver Alerts View all topics Interested in other topics? You can add more alerts below. Daily Market Updates:Select All Before the Bell Preview After Market Roundup Breaking Stories Profit Strategies:Select All Best Investments Alerts Trading Strategy Alerts Retirement Tips Options Trading Stock Market Crash Insurance Hot Trends:Select All Marijuana Industry Updates Cybersecurity Updates Wall Street Scam Watch Bitcoin/Cryptocurrency Updates Politics Alerts Financial Regulation Alerts Terrorism Watch Conspiracy Theories Alerts U.S. Economy:Select All Fed Watch Housing Market Updates Economic Data Alerts Bond Market Watch Global Markets:Select All US Dollar Alerts China and All Asia Alerts Europe Alerts Emerging Economies Alerts Currencies Watch Stocks:Select All Biotech and Pharma Alerts Penny Stocks Alerts Energy Watch Tech Watch Dividend Stocks Alerts Small Cap Stocks Alerts Apple Updates Facebook Updates Amazon Updates Google Updates Exxon Updates IPO Watch Stocks to Watch Commodities:Select All Gold and Silver Alerts Oil and Gas Alerts Alternative Energy Alerts Metals Updates Expert Insight:Select All Keith Fitz-Gerald Michael Lewitt Dr Kent Moors Michael A Robinson Shah Gilani Tom Gentile William Patalon III D R Barton Jr Sid Riggs Ernie Tremblay Enter email: Submit We respect your privacy. Learn more. Select Topics & Save
× Ad Blocker Interference Detected It looks like you're using an ad blocker, which blocks not only this site's ads but also article content. Please whitelist this site to be able to see all the articles, without missing out on important news. Firefox: Click ad blocker icon in menu bar and then click "Disable on naturalnews.com" to whitelist. Chrome: Click ad blocker icon in menu bar and then click "Enabled on this site" to whitelist. Opera: Click ad blocker icon in menu bar and then click "Enabled on this site" to whitelist. Internet Explorer: Click Tools icon in menu bar then click "Manage add-ons". In Manage Add-ons windows, find ad blocker add-on and disable it. It will apply after restart IE. Naturalnews.com Home Subscribe (Free) About NaturalNews Contact Us Write for NaturalNews Media info Advertising info ARTICLES BLOGS LABS SCIENCE REFERENCE REPORTS VIDEOS RADIO INFOGRAPHICS MUSIC CARTOONS LIBRARY RSS STORE Search Powered by GoodGopher.com North Korea will nuke America, warns high-level defector The insane vaccine industry now wants you FIRED from your job if you aren’t vaccinated Sunday, April 02, 2017 by: D. Samuelson Tags: health freedom at risk, HPV, mandatory workplace vaccines, Medical Tyranny, Robert F. Kennedy Jr., Vaccine industry run amuck, World Mercury Project, zostavax (Natural News) You may work for a company that has initiated a “workplace wellness program” as part of their human resources health care offerings. These programs could include classes to quit smoking, lose weight, ease stress or any other type of exercise or action that your company believes fits under the guise of “disease prevention.” Under Obamacare, which goes under the Orwellian name of the “Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act,” employers that offer wellness programs, says Healthimpactnews.com, can get “rewards of up to 50% off of insurance premiums” for individuals who sign up. So there’s quite an incentive for employers to get their workers involved. A new bill called H.R. 1313, sponsored and introduced by Virginia Foxx (R-NC), appears to be “a threat to anyone participating in these programs.” Why?  Hidden in the legalese of H.R. 1313 is a loophole where companies may have the power to mandate that their employees get vaccines as part of the wellness program in order to keep their jobs. This way, the company can be in compliance to the federal “government’s endorsed standard of care, which includes receipt of federally recognized vaccines.” The draconian march toward forced vaccinations has gained more ground than you may realize. According to the National Vaccine Information Center (NVIC) there are 134 bills in 35 states that have been introduced to “restrict, eliminate or expand vaccine exemptions” as well as bills to “shame school children with vaccine exemptions.” The President and co-founder of NVIC, Barbara Loe Fisher, a staunch advocate for health freedom and informed consent, urges all concerned to get involved in the fight against forced vaccinations. One thing is absolutely certain. The pharmaceutical industry will not back down from concocting vaccines. It matters not who is injured or maimed. The most recent Merck & Co. disaster is the vaccine for shingles they named Zostavax. Fiercepharma.com reports there have been “thousands of complaints,” with injuries ranging from shingles, to blindness, paralysis, brain damage and death. Merck happens to also be the producer of the Gardasil HPV vaccine that has been pushed on females 9 – 26 since its FDA approval in 2006. It has since expanded the market to include males.  A  2015 report from Lifesitenews.com detailed over 50 cases of serious medical injury to Canadian teens after taking the HPV shot and “in the U.S., more than 100 deaths and tens of thousands of reports of adverse actions.” The controversy concerning the link between autism and vaccines continues. While President Trump made overtures to Robert F. Kennedy Jr. early in his administration about Kennedy leading a commission to study those links, there’s been little news since. On the other hand, Kennedy has only become more vocal with his World Mercury Project. He, along with Robert DeNiro, made a $100,000 offer to anyone who can provide a peer reviewed scientific study stating that thimerosal, a mercury containing preservative, “is safe in the amounts contained in vaccines currently being administered to American children and pregnant women.” Health Ranger Mike Adams has also chimed in on this subject with his own challenge. While we understand that children are the most vulnerable to the toxic effects of vaccines, the idea that H.R. 1313 could be used to force employees to take whatever vaccine their employer deemed necessary means that all are vulnerable to the pharmaceutical vaccine cartel and their sorcery. It’s imperative to keep informed and stand against their medical tyranny. Sources: HealthImpactNews.com NVIC.com YouTube.com Fiercepharma.com LifeSiteNews.com WorldMercuryProject.org Science.NaturalNews.com YouTube.com Previous :Lack of sleep said to be health time bomb, the “next sugar” Next : Will this French superfood crawl its way to American restaurants? Join the Health Ranger's FREE email newsletter Get breaking news alerts on GMOs, fluoride, superfoods, natural cures and more... (Note: Avoid using gmail.com addresses, because Google deliberately censors this email newsletter to protect Big Pharma's profits.) Your privacy is protected. Unsubscribe at any time. | Learn more... More news on health freedom at risk The insane vaccine industry now wants you FIRED from your job if you aren’t vaccinated Disqus Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Take Action: Support Natural News by linking to this article from your website Permalink to this article: http://www.naturalnews.com/2017-04-02-the-insane-vaccine-industry-now-wants-you-fired-from-your-job-if-you-arent-vaccinated.html Embed article link: (copy HTML code below): <a href="http://www.naturalnews.com/2017-04-02-the-insane-vaccine-industry-now-wants-you-fired-from-your-job-if-you-arent-vaccinated.html">The insane vaccine industry now wants you FIRED from your job if you aren’t vaccinated</a> Reprinting this article: Non-commercial use OK, cite NaturalNews.com with clickable link. Follow Natural News on Facebook, Twitter, Google Plus, and Pinterest Most Viewed Articles Today Week Month Year The corrupt vaccine industry has the means and motive to stage a massive false flag “outbreak” to demand nationwide vaccine mandates - NaturalNews.com North Korea ready to nuke America … “world should be ready” warns high-level defector who confirms nuke launch plans with NBC News - NaturalNews.com Smart Meters could be overbilling you by a whopping 582% - NaturalNews.com 10 Foods your liver loves you to consume - NaturalNews.com Avoid these leftovers lurking in your fridge, they could make you sick - NaturalNews.com This must-see interview with James Rickards will make you completely rethink your financial preparedness for the coming collapse - NaturalNews.com Massive academic cover-up concealing a near-total collapse of ocean food chains … mass death to humans will follow - NaturalNews.com The insane vaccine industry now wants you FIRED from your job if you aren’t vaccinated - NaturalNews.com Tea found to play a major role in the fight against dementia - NaturalNews.com Cholesterol is NOT the enemy: It's inflammation that's making you fat and killing you slowly Farmers are now forced to hack into their own tractors to bypass draconian manufacturer controls - NaturalNews.com Zika virus vaccine will genetically re-engineer your DNA - NaturalNews.com Beware of these 6 common household items that cause cancer Is garlic the key to stopping this silent killer? - NaturalNews.com Children across California found to have higher lead poisoning than those in Flint, Michigan - NaturalNews.com Chipotle has officially eliminated all artificial ingredients from its menu - NaturalNews.com Chewing gum ingredients and the titanium dioxide debate - NaturalNews.com How to construct a “bugout” home for $250 - NaturalNews.com Smart Meters could be overbilling you by a whopping 582% - NaturalNews.com Health Ranger awarded U.S. patent for breakthrough anti-radiation formula that eliminates Cesium-137 from your body - NaturalNews.com Scientists have discovered a way to destroy cancer tumors using nothing but sound waves - NaturalNews.com Healthy eyes – Creating clear vision naturally - NaturalNews.com Attention vaccine fanatics: your 'shedders' should stay home from school for 2 weeks after every LIVE virus inoculation Banned video reveals the horrors of Venezuela’s starving population - NaturalNews.com BULLETPROOF BRAIN: Health Ranger lecture reveals secrets of protecting your brain from aluminum and mercury in mandatory vaccines - NaturalNews.com Bill in West Virginia would BAN homeschooling, treating it as child abuse - NaturalNews.com Earthquake scientists have been totally WRONG: Quake risk “dramatically underestimated” warns new report - NaturalNews.com Californian Senator Richard Pan pushing to outlaw parental rights in all medical decisions - NaturalNews.com Avoid these leftovers lurking in your fridge, they could make you sick - NaturalNews.com Five new websites to bookmark for the coming collapse - NaturalNews.com FAKE SCIENCE on parade as exact opposite news headlines appear right next to each other, citing the exact same study - NaturalNews.com Vaccine Injury Denialism is the denial of fundamental human dignity… see this highly emotional video of children damaged by vaccines - NaturalNews.com New bill would allow farmers to sue Monsanto if GMO crops invade their property - NaturalNews.com FACT CHECK: Yes, the CDC and FDA both confirm African Green Monkey kidney cells are put in vaccines used across the U.S. - NaturalNews.com 8 ways to make healthy organic soil for your garden - NaturalNews.com The corrupt vaccine industry has the means and motive to stage a massive false flag “outbreak” to demand nationwide vaccine mandates - NaturalNews.com CDC document bombshell reveals list of all vaccine excipients, including “African Green Monkey Kidney Cells” and fibroblast cells from aborted human fetuses … see the complete list - NaturalNews.com Smart Meters could be overbilling you by a whopping 582% - NaturalNews.com How Big Pharma gets away with selling crystal meth to children: By renaming it 'Adderall' BREAKING: CDC confirms Natural News 100% CORRECT on report of African Green Monkey kidney cells used in vaccines - NaturalNews.com VACCINE STUDY: Peer-reviewed study shows vaccinated children have a 700% higher chance of neurodevelopmental disorder - NaturalNews.com Brand name processed foods found laced with glyphosate weed killer… Cheerios, Wheaties and more - NaturalNews.com Countless teenage girls suffer paralysis, blood clots, brain damage and chronic pain from force-vaccination of Gardasil’s HPV “shot in the dark” - NaturalNews.com Woman accidentally cremated while still alive - NaturalNews.com Heartbreaking letter from dying EPA scientist begs Monsanto “moles” inside the agency to stop lying about dangers of RoundUp (glyphosate) - NaturalNews.com Vitamin C breakthrough discovery: Low-cost nutrient halts growth of cancer stem cells… 1000% more effective than cancer drug… peer-reviewed science confirms powerful effects - NaturalNews.com Top 9 vaccines you NEVER need and exactly why the CDC has to scare everybody into getting them Meet Dr. Jack Wolfson, a courageous cardiologist willing to tell the truth about modern medicine Vault 7 bombshell just vindicated every conspiracy theorist: The CIA can spy on anyone through TVs, iPhones, smart phones and Windows PCs - NaturalNews.com The best and worst forms of magnesium to take as a supplement Statin scam exposed: Cholesterol drugs cause rapid aging, brain damage and diabetes Vaccine overload disorder is sweeping the nation while MDs are calling it anything but what it really is - NaturalNews.com Five new websites to bookmark for the coming collapse - NaturalNews.com Attention vaccine fanatics: your 'shedders' should stay home from school for 2 weeks after every LIVE virus inoculation In the 1930s, Adolf Hitler arrested and executed ‘fake news’ journalists who rightfully claimed that Jews were being exterminated - NaturalNews.com The best and worst forms of magnesium to take as a supplement The 8 Most Dangerous Medicines on Earth... are you taking any of these? Pepsi admits its soda contains cancer-causing ingredients Statin scam exposed: Cholesterol drugs cause rapid aging, brain damage and diabetes CONFIRMED: Cancer is entirely a man-made disease Top 9 vaccines you NEVER need and exactly why the CDC has to scare everybody into getting them Does green tea have caffeine? Seven things you need to know Top six alkaline foods to eat every day for vibrant health Hillary Clinton's health in rapid collapse... voters in shock after photos show her unable to walk up small flight of stairs Hexavalent chromium (chromium-6) was just found in 75% of drinking water... the mass chemical suicide of America is under way Chaos will erupt across America in less than 100 days... no matter who wins the election Testosterone cures cancer; doctors stunned at discovery - NaturalNews.com 12 easy ways to remove acid build-up from your body, alkalize your pH and beat disease 10 health benefits of cucumbers CLAIM: Historic event to occur in the next six days that will end the rise of Trump and seize the future of America for totalitarian globalists And now the cover-up murders begin in Flint, Michigan: Water treatment plant foreman found dead... young mom murdered in her home after filing lawsuit against Michigan government Smokers or past smokers: Six ways to cleanse and revitalize your lungs Popular on Facebook 16K Indian state will pay farmers to go 100% organic and GMO-free 12K Study: Manuka honey kills more bacteria than all available antibiotics 10K Washington Post goes “full treason” – fabricates entire story falsely claiming Trump won because of Russian hacks 8K US Court of Appeals: States and counties can ban GMO crops despite federal laws 6K The 7 most dangerous vaccines injected into humans and exactly why they cause more harm than good 6K Trump allowed Black homeless woman to live in Trump Tower for 8 years, rent free 4K In the 1930s, Adolf Hitler arrested and executed ‘fake news’ journalists who rightfully claimed that Jews were being exterminated 3K Facebook rolls out plans to push GMOs by labeling anti-GMO stories ‘fake’ news 3K Food companies hiding harmful high fructose corn syrup under new name 3K Standing Rock victory in North Dakota as US Army Corps of Engineers revokes pipeline permits 3K TREASON: Left-wing media attempting a “soft coup” in America by hyperventilating over self-contrived Russian conspiracy fabrication 3K Russian hack narrative revealed to be elaborate media hoax… email leaks actually came from Bernie Sanders insider 3K Facebook to become left-wing propaganda echo chamber with Orwellian plan to label independent journalism “fake” 3K Scam: No trace of Aloe Vera found in products at Walmart, CVS 2K Will President Trump dismantle dangerous vaccine mandates that harm children across America? 2K Medical scientists stunned as “magic mushroom” treatment found to heal mental illness… yet it remains illegal 2K Protesters at Dakota Pipeline have noticed unidentified crop dusters spraying chemicals over them late at night 2K Top doctors reveal that vaccines can trigger autoimmunity, turning our immune systems against us Advertise with NaturalNews... Health News Blueberries the new antidepressants? Plant nutrients found to protect "happy hormones" in women who recently gave birth (Naturalnews.com) Chewing gum ingredients and the titanium dioxide debate (Naturalnews.com) Chewing gum ingredients and the titanium dioxide debate (Naturalnews.com) Tea found to play a major role in the fight against dementia (Naturalnews.com) Is Marine Phytoplankton Powder a grounbreaking advance in human nutrition? (Naturalnewsblogs.com) Depression and Celiac Disease (Naturalnewsblogs.com) Support NaturalNews Sponsors: Advertise with NaturalNews... AlternativeNews.com The independent news source for free-thinking people GoodGopher.com Search for more articles like this one at GoodGopher.com - the search engine for news and information. Talk Radio without corporate collusion Now streaming: 28 amazing hosts like the Health Ranger, Robert Scott Bell and more Find the up-to-date news you're looking for at Fetch.News Find articles on today's most searched keywords & topics. Uncensored Health Videos Visit TV.NaturalNews.com for uncensored videos for a healthier and happier life Vaccine News Real-time Independent Media news on Vaccines GMO News Real-time Independent Media news on GMOs Support NaturalNews Sponsors: Advertise with NaturalNews... Read Archived NaturalNews Stories NaturalNews.com Natural News Toolbar Privacy Policy Terms of Use About Us Contact Us/Feedback Write for Natural News Media Information Advertise Information Follow Us Email Newsletter Facebook Twitter Google Pinterest YouTube Diaspora Seen RSS This site is part of the Natural News Network © 2016 All Rights Reserved. Privacy | Terms All content posted on this site is commentary or opinion and is protected under Free Speech. Truth Publishing International, LTD. is not responsible for content written by contributing authors. The information on this site is provided for educational and entertainment purposes only. It is not intended as a substitute for professional advice of any kind. Truth Publishing assumes no responsibility for the use or misuse of this material. Your use of this website indicates your agreement to these terms and those published here. All trademarks, registered trademarks and servicemarks mentioned on this site are the property of their respective owners.
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 3 April 2017 by Military News Healthcare Associated Infections (HAI) Treatment Market: New Tech Developments & Advancements to Watch out for 2018 Albany, NY — (SBWIRE) — 04/03/2017 — Healthcare-associated infections (HAIs) are the ones that are contracted by patients while they are receiving treatment for another medical condition in a healthcare setting. Thus HAIs can be acquired at any place where healthcare is delivered. HAIs are generally caused by infectious agents, pathogens, fungi, bacteria, and viruses. The risk factors associated with these infections are use of indwelling medical devices, surgeries, injections, contaminated healthcare environment, communication of diseases between workers and patients, and improper use of antibiotics. Browse Global Strategic Business Report: http://www.transparencymarketresearch.com/healthcare-associated-infections-treatment.html HAIs are a major cause of mortality and morbidity on a worldwide scale. Each year HAIs lead to thousands of deaths. A majority of HAIs include conditions such as urinary tract infections, surgical site infections, bloodstream infections, gastroenteritis, and pneumonia. The overall HAI treatment market can be classified on the basis of devices and pharmaceuticals used for HAI treatment. The major pharmaceuticals used in HAI treatment are viral pharmaceuticals, bacterial pharmaceuticals, and fungal pharmaceuticals. The major drug classes used in the pharmaceuticals segment are B-Lactam Antibiotics, cephalosporins, quinolones, glycopeptides, lincosamides, polypeptides, carbapenems, lipopeptides, penicillins, macrolides, tuberculosis, etracyclines, sulfonamides, and other such formulations. The medical devices segment can be further categorized into catheters and ventilation devices and in-line sterile IV filtration. Download Exclusive Brochure of This Report : http://www.transparencymarketresearch.com/sample/sample.php?flag=B&rep_id=1223 The U.S. is the largest market for HAI treatment pharmaceuticals and devices. In the U.S., each year more than 1.5 million patients contract HAI. Recently Partners for Patients had introduced a USD 500 million grant to help hospitals and other healthcare providers to reduce HAIs in the U.S. it is expected that if successful, this program will save USD 50 billion of U.S. Medicare over the next ten years. The other markets for HAI treatment devices and pharmaceuticals are Asia-Pacific, Europe, and the Rest of the World. Some of the major players of this market include companies such as Merck, Johnson & Johnson, GlaxoSmithKline, Sharklet Technologies, Ondine Biomedical and some others. This research report analyzes this market depending on its market segments, major geographies, and current market trends. Geographies analyzed under this research report include North America Asia Pacific Europe Rest of the World This report provides comprehensive analysis of Market growth drivers Factors limiting market growth Current market trends Market structure Market projections for upcoming years CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Global and China Insulin Market: Evolving Technology, Trends and Industry Analysis – 2019 Next PostNext Acoustic Wave Sensor Market Overview, Cost Structure Analysis, Growth Opportunities and Forecast in North America 2019 Search Recent Posts Healthcare CRM Market | Global Industry Analysis and Opportunity Assessment 2015-2022 Global Sports and Fitness Wear Sales Market 2017 – Adidas, Nike, Puma, Under Armour, VF Clinical Chemistry Analyzers Market To Be Driven By Increasing Prevalence Of Chronic Diseases Such As Diabetes Till 2025: Grand View Research, Inc. Digital Glass Military Aircraft Cockpit Systems Market Potential and Niche Segments, Geographical regions and Trends 2026 Vascular Access Systems Market Segmentation, Industry trends and Development to 2026 Business Contacts Business Directory Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 3 April 2017 by Military News Patient Handling Equipment Market: Increasing Patient Base, Medical Tourism and Rising Income Levels Are Expected to Propel the Market Albany, NY — (SBWIRE) — 04/03/2017 — Awareness about mobility aids is constantly increasing and several government organizations are known to offer subsidies, grants, and funding, while various public and private insurance players are provide insurance coverage. Increase in reimbursement for mobility and assistive devices by both private and government insurance players are likely to provide growth opportunities in the patient handling equipment market. Organizations such as the Occupational Safety and Health Administration (OSHA) and the American Nurse Association (ANA) recommend that manual lifting of patients must be minimized and eliminated. For instance, a study conducted by OSHA in 2013 concluded that musculoskeletal disorders such as strains and sprains were one of the leading causes of injury to health care workers while manually moving, shifting, and lifting patients. These developments would drive the demand for these globally. The research report on patient handling equipment market includes in-depth analysis of the product types, end-user, and geography. Base on product type, the market has been segmented into lifting slings, wheelchair, medical beds, ambulatory aids, shower, bath and toileting equipment, and others. In terms of end-user, the market has been divided into hospitals, home health care, nursing homes, assisted living facility, and others. The scope of this study analyzes each segment in terms of revenue (US$ Mn) and covers exhaustive information on the global volume trends of product equipment. In 2015, medical beds product segment accounted for a lion’s share in the global patient handling equipment market. The hospital end user segment accounted for the largest market share compared to other end user segments in 2015. This end user segment is expected to maintain its dominance in the market; however, other end users such as rehabilitation centers, trauma centers are expected to witness the highest growth during the forecast period from 2016 to 2024. The global patient handling equipment market was analyzed across four geographies: North America, Europe, Asia Pacific, and Rest of the World. For more information on this report, fill the form @ http://www.transparencymarketresearch.com/sample/sample.php?flag=S&rep_id=6577 The key market players in this market have launched new products with technologically advanced and ergonomical design features in this market. In May 2015, Getinge Group introduced new Citadel Patient Care System, which is a medical bed with therapeutic mattresses for provision of improved care and support while handling high dependency patients. Technological advancements such as introduction of automated patient lifting and transfer techniques also act as a potential driver of the patient handling equipment market. These innovative products would sharply reduce the average time and number of caregivers that are deployed per patient in a health care setting. Therefore, advancements in assistive technology and improved product design coupled with government subventions are expected to contribute to market growth in the near future. Geographically, Europe was the largest market for patient handling equipment in terms of revenue in 2015. The patient handling equipment market in Asia Pacific is anticipated to expand at the fastest growth rate during the forecast period from 2016 to 2024. Other emerging markets in rest of the world such as Latin America, and the Middle East & Africa are also expected to witness a steady growth during the forecast period. Increasing patient base, medical tourism, and rising income levels are also expected to propel the market. Highly priced equipment’s have a minuscule consumer base in under- developed and developing regions due to the high cost of technologically advanced equipment which are unaffordable for small and medium size healthcare settings. In addition, apart from these factors the lower labor cost of caregivers in developing economies could further restrain the market growth in emerging economies. Key players profiled in this report include Bayer AG, Continental Manufacturing Chemist, Inc., Elanco Animal Health, Inc., Indian Immunologicals Ltd., M.B.D. Marketing (S) Pte Ltd., Merck Animal Health, Merial, Nicosia International, Vallée S.A., and Zoetis, Inc. About Transparency Market Research Transparency Market Research (TMR) is a global market intelligence company providing business information reports and services. The company’s exclusive blend of quantitative forecasting and trend analysis provides forward-looking insight for thousands of decision makers. TMR’s experienced team of analysts, researchers, and consultants use proprietary data sources and various tools and techniques to gather and analyze information. Our business offerings represent the latest and the most reliable information indispensable for businesses to sustain a competitive edge. Contact Us Transparency Market Research State Tower, 90 State Street, Suite 700 Albany, NY 12207 United States Tel: +1-518-618-1030 USA – Canada Toll Free: 866-552-3453 Email: sales@transparencymarketresearch.com Website: http://www.transparencymarketresearch.com CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Investor Investigation over Possible Securities Laws Violations by Fang Holdings Ltd (NYSE:SFUN) Next PostNext Global Clinical Mass Spectrometry Market in United States, China with Sales, Price, Revenue and Market Forecast 2017 Search Recent Posts N.C. Industrial Hemp Commission Scheduled to Hold Public Meeting this Week: Hemp, Inc. Reports Global Automotive Personal Assistant System Market Outlook 2017-2021 Global Automotive Near Field Communication (NFC) System Market to Grow at a CAGR Of 70.52% During The Period 2017-2021 Why wearing your heart on your sleeve is right Impressive line-up for Fonterra Dairy Woman of the Year 2017 Business Contacts Business Directory Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 3 April 2017 by Military News Veterinary Vaccine Industry Overview, Market Analysis And Professional Survey Report, 2021: Hexa Reports “Get key Market Research Reports and Insightful Company Profiles” The increasing prices of storing & upkeep of injections and the growing prices of meat are hampering the development of the “Veterinary Vaccines Market”. The Veterinary Vaccines are the greatest profitable products, division of emphasis, for veterinary medicine makers. It is tracked narrowly by parasitic ides. Specified the defensive nature of veterinary healthcare, the veterinary injection marketplace is projected to observe substantial income traction above the upcoming years. With growing occurrence of food-borne zoonotic sicknesses, international animal production has substantially condensed per annum. Increasing tendency of adoption of pet animals, owing to gradually sheltered way of life, elderly international populace and growing per person income stages are features helping call for mate animal vaccines. Operative coordination of product improvement, registering and appreciation rules might decrease time-to-market for veterinary vaccines. This might help entire important investors in the veterinary vaccine price chain – governments, medicine manufacturers, distributors, ranch landlords and domestic animal holders. Browse Detail Report With TOC @ http://www.hexareports.com/report/global-veterinary-vaccine-market-professional-survey-report-2016 Issues like the growth in livestock populace and repetitive occurrence of livestock sicknesses; growing occurrence of zoonotic illnesses; creativities by numerous government agencies, animal associations, important companies; and the outline of novel vaccine categories are motivating the veterinary vaccine market. Vaccination is single of the best utilized uses of present biotechnology to stop prolonged microbial, virus-related and protozoal sicknesses. Veterinary vaccines are environmentally friendly and utilized to surge animal well-being by averting the demise of animals, loss of dairy products and financial hurt of proprietors. In recent times extremely operative third generation vaccine in contrast to rabies disease has been developed by way of the support of recombinant skill. By the usage of the vaccine, we may evade the difficulty of antibiotic and drug confrontation by the bacteria. The veterinary vaccines market is divided on the source of product, disease, technology, and area. The veterinary vaccine products market is classified into buddy animal vaccines, cattle vaccines, poultry vaccines, piggish vaccines, horsy vaccines, aquaculture vaccines, and additional animal vaccines. In this market, buddy animal vaccines procedure the rapidly developing product section, owing to growing alertness about immunization, growing number of zoonotic illnesses in the hominoid populace, and the growing amount of animals and domestic owners. Request A Sample copy of This Report @ http://www.hexareports.com/report/global-veterinary-vaccine-market-professional-survey-report-2016/request-sample As per the source of technology, the veterinary vaccines market is categorized into incapacitated vaccines, living weakened vaccines, toxoid vaccines, conjugate vaccines, DNA vaccines, recombinant vaccines, and subunit vaccines. Living weakened vaccines grasp the biggest segment of the veterinary vaccines market, by technology. The living weakened vaccines segment is primarily motivated by issues like as the growing occurrence of sicknesses between piggish and poultry animals along with the comfort of management and long-standing resistance offered by these injections. As per the source of area, the veterinary vaccines market is divided into North America, Europe, Asia, and the Rest of the World (RoW). Internationally, North America and Europe rule the veterinary vaccines market and these double areas are jointly backing the market by greater than 70% segment. The U.S. denotes the principal market for veterinary vaccines by almost 40% segment in North America owing to increasing animal wellbeing and developing expertise for injection manufacture. Consequently, growing exploration actions on animal sicknesses in Canada, it is anticipated to top the market throughout the prediction period with great market stake. In the year 2016, Europe was responsible for the biggest portion of the veterinary vaccines market, which was trailed by North America. Yet, Asia is anticipated to record the uppermost progress in the prediction period. In Asia, market development will mainly be focused in India, China, South Korea, and Thailand. Main companies working in the veterinary vaccines market are Boehringer Ingelheim, Elanco Animal Health, Merck Animal Health, Merial Inc., and Zoetis Inc. Browse More Machinery Related Market Research Reports: • Global Scroll Chiller Market Research Report 2021 – http://www.hexareports.com/report/global-scroll-chiller-2021 • Global Samplers Market Research Report 2021 – http://www.hexareports.com/report/global-samplers-2021 About Us: Hexa Reports is a market research and consulting organization, offering industry reports, custom research and consulting services to a host of key industries across the globe. We offer comprehensive business intelligence in the form of industry reports which help our clients obtain clarity about their business environment and enable them to undertake strategic growth initiatives. Media Contact Company Name: Hexa Reports Contact Person: Michelle Thoras and Ryan Shaw Email: sales@hexareports.com Phone: +1-800-489-3075 Address:Felton Office Plaza, 6265 Highway 9 City: Felton State: California Country: United States Website: http://www.hexareports.com/report/global-veterinary-vaccine-market-professional-survey-report-2016 CategoriesUncategorized TagsBusiness, Manufacturing & Industry, Marketing & Sales, News & Current Affairs, World Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Thermoformed Plastics Market is expected to reach 506.3 Kilo Tons by 2023, expanding at a CAGR of 4.1% during the forecast period 2016 to 2023: Credence Research Next PostNext Rising Energy Demand Is Anticipated To Surge The Well Cementing Services Market Growth Till 2024: Grand View Research, Inc. Search Recent Posts AG&P Announces Integrated Plug-and-Play Solutions for LNG Supply Network in Asia 3DTV Market: 2017 Global Trend and 2022 Forecast Research Report Furfuryl Alcohol Market Analysis, Trends, Forecast, 2015-2025 Market Size of 2 – Ethyl Anthraquinone, Forecast Report 2015-2025 Games4Health 2017 Winners Announced by the Sorenson Center for Discovery & Innovation at the Eccles School Business Contacts Business Directory Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 3 April 2017 by Military News Nanotechnology Drug Delivery Market Regulations and Competitive Landscape Outlook to 2023 Albany, NY — (SBWIRE) — 04/03/2017 — Nano-technology field has a potential to make significant impact on healthcare by delivering disease diagnosis, monitoring, implants, regenerative medicines and drug delivery, drug discovery for biomedicine. Since last few years, significant progress has been made in the field of nano-medicine (i.e. nano-technology), resulting in a number of products, including therapeutics and imaging agents, enabling more effective and less toxic therapeutic and diagnostic interventions. This progress have resulted in development of innovative diagnostic and therapeutic personalized nano-medicine treatment. Rapidly expanding areas of research and development to develop novel nano-medicine is expected to drive the market growth in future. Moreover, one of the major factor assisting market growth is the rising prevalence of infectious diseases and cancer, developing nanotechnology research, and rising demand for novel drug delivery systems. However, high cost coupled with stringent regulatory scenario hampers the market growth to some extent. Obtain Report Details @ http://www.transparencymarketresearch.com/pressrelease/nanotechnology-drug-delivery.htm A detailed qualitative analysis of the factors responsible for driving and restraining the growth of the global nanotechnology drug delivery market and future opportunities has been provided in the market overview section. This section of the report also provides market attractiveness analysis, technology trend, industry challenges, sale data for some non-marketed nano-pharmaceuticals, patent landscape, and market share analysis by key players (%) operating in the nanotechnology drug delivery market. Based on technology, the global nanotechnology drug delivery market has been segmented into nanocrystals, nanoparticles, liposomes, micelles, nanotubes and others. The market for these technology types has been extensively analyzed based on sales revenue of the various leading marketed products developed by the manufacturers. The market size and forecast in terms of USD million for each technology has been provided for the period from 2013 to 2023. The report on the nanotechnology drug delivery market also provides compound annual growth rate (CAGR %) for each of the market segments mentioned above for the forecast period from 2015 to 2023, considering 2014 as the base year. Additionally, the report also categorized based on different application area of nanotechnology such as neurology, oncology, cardiovascular/physiology, anti-inflammatory/immunology, anti-infective and other applications. The market size and forecast in terms of USD million for each application has been provided for the period from 2013 to 2023. The report also provides compound annual growth rate (CAGR %) for each application segments mentioned above for the forecast period from 2015 to 2023, considering 2014 as the base year. Geographically, the global nanotechnology drug delivery market has been categorized into North America, Europe, Asia-Pacific, Latin America and Rest of the World (RoW). The market size and forecast for each of these regions have been provided for the period from 2013 to 2023 along with CAGR (%) for the forecast period from 2013 to 2023. The research study also incorporates the competitive scenario of major players in these regions. Fill The Form To Gain Deeper Insights On This Market @ http://www.transparencymarketresearch.com/sample/sample.php?flag=B&rep_id=1822 The report concludes with the profiles of major players in the global nanotechnology drug delivery market based on various attributes such as company overview, financial overview, business strategies, product portfolio, and recent developments. Major players profiled in this report include AbbVie, Inc., Amgen Inc., Celgene Corporation, Johnson & Johnson, Merck & Co., Inc., Novartis International AG, Perrigo Company plc and others. About Transparency Market Research Transparency Market Research (TMR) is a global market intelligence company providing business information reports and services. The company’s exclusive blend of quantitative forecasting and trend analysis provides forward-looking insight for thousands of decision makers. TMR’s experienced team of analysts, researchers, and consultants use proprietary data sources and various tools and techniques to gather and analyze information. Contact us: Transparency Market Research 90 State Street, Suite 700, Albany NY – 12207 United States Tel: +1-518-618-1030 USA – Canada Toll Free 866-552-3453 Email: sales@transparencymarketresearch.com Website: http://www.transparencymarketresearch.com/ CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Banana Powder Market Spicing Up Due to Changing Lifestyles and Increasing Demand Next PostNext Bridge Crane Market Key Player, Regions, Manufacturers Analysis, Application and Specification, Cost Analysis, Price and Gross Margin by 2017-2022 Search Recent Posts Enrolments Open at Eclipse Early Education Group’s New Centre at Cranbourne East International Tax Planning and Asset Protection for High Net Worth Investors Labor Market Institutions and the Cost of Recessions Allergen Alert: Wegmans Food Markets, Inc. Issues Allergen Alert on Undeclared Peanuts in Wegmans Original Killer Brownies with Pecans, Sold Individually or Pre-packaged by the pound in Bakery in New York State Stores Only IBS Investment Bank Acquires Interest in The Progressive Orthopaedic Company, LLC Business Contacts Business Directory Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 3 April 2017 by satprnews satprnews Nasopharyngeal Cancer Market to be at Forefront by 2022 Nasopharyngeal is a type of cancer which takes place in head or neck. It happens in nasopharynx, which is a upper part of the of the throat behind the nose. It is also called nasopharyngeal carcinoma (NPC). It has also been linked with Epstein-Barr virus.  In 2015, American Society of Clinical Oncology (ASCO) estimated 3200 to be diagnosed with NPC in U.S. The prevalence rate is fairly rate, as one in out of every 100,000 population are diagnosed with this chronic disorder. However, over the last few years, there has been a dramatic rise in prevalence rate of nasopharyngeal cancer. This is mainly attributed to increasing tobacco and alcohol consumption. The global prevalence of nasopharyngeal cancer is likely to peak by the end of forecast period. In developing region, nasopharyngeal cancer is widely prevalent in South East Asia such as China. Various symptoms of nasopharyngeal cancer are lump in the neck, hearing loss, stuffiness, numbness, frequent headaches, fatigue, blurred, weight loss etc. A sample of this report is available upon request @ http://www.persistencemarketresearch.com/samples/9680 Increasing geriatric population, rise in consumption of tobacco, increasing health awareness, changing lifestyle, are key driving factors for nasopharyngeal cancer treatment market. Also, rapid adoption of technologies in healthcare premises is expected to further boost nasopharyngeal cancer treatment market. This trend is likely to be seen in developing regions where healthcare expenditure is increasing at a significant rate. Developed regions are witnessing since accessibility for nasopharyngeal cancer treatment and procedure is easily accessible and available, the demand for nasopharyngeal cancer market has increased. Companies are investing heavily in developing regions to offer effective treatment solutions for higher care quality, greater efficiency and better patient outcomes. With so many advantages of nasopharyngeal cancer market, it has few disadvantages too. High cost of the treatment and side effects are acting as a barrier for nasopharyngeal cancer market. Nasopharyngeal Cancer Market is broadly classified on the basis of the following segments – Nasopharyngeal Cancer Market by Treatment: Surgery Radiation Chemotherapy Nasopharyngeal Cancer Market by Product Type: Keratinizing squamous cell carcinoma Nonkeratinizing squamous cell carcinoma Undifferentiated or poorly differentiated The nasopharyngeal cancer market has grown substantially at a healthy CAGR due to increasing number of patients with nasopharyngeal cancer. With rapid technological advancement and innovation, nasopharyngeal cancer market is expected to grow globally. North America is the largest market for nasopharyngeal cancer treatment, however, Asia Pacific is expected to witness fastest growth during the forecast period. The nasopharyngeal cancer market is expected to register a significant CAGR over the forecast period. Depending on geographic regions, nasopharyngeal cancer market is segmented into seven key regions: North America, Latin America, Europe, Asia Pacific and Middle East & Africa. North America along with Europe is expected to dominate the global nasopharyngeal market throughout the forecast period, however, Asia Pacific is expected to witness fastest growth during the forecast period. Increasing healthcare awareness along with increasing spending on IT and healthcare technologies in developing regions is expected to boost overall demand for effective treatment of nasopharyngeal cancer market. Though there has been an alarming increase in incidence rate of nasopharyngeal in Latin America, ineffective public policy formulation mechanism along with low healthcare expenditure has led to moderate growth in the region. Latin America and MEA are expected to witness moderate growth during the forecast period. Request to View Tables of Content @  http://www.persistencemarketresearch.com/toc/9680 Some of the key market players for Nasopharyngeal Cancer Market market are Cyclacel Pharmaceuticals Inc., F. Hoffmann-La Roche Ltd, Sanofi, Merck & Co., Inc., CELGENE CORPORATION, BioDiem Ltd About Us Persistence Market Research (PMR) is a third-platform research firm. Our research model is a unique collaboration of data analytics and market research methodology to help businesses achieve optimal performance. To support companies in overcoming complex business challenges, we follow a multi-disciplinary approach. At PMR, we unite various data streams from multi-dimensional sources. By deploying real-time data collection, big data, and customer experience analytics, we deliver business intelligence for organizations of all sizes. Contact Us Persistence Market Research 305 Broadway 7th Floor, New York City, NY 10007, United States, USA – Canada Toll Free: 800-961-0353 Email: sales@persistencemarketresearch.com Web: http://www.persistencemarketresearch.com CategoriesUncategorized TagsGlobal 1, Global Nasopharyngeal Cancer Market, Google News, Healthcare Market, Life Sciences, Market Growth, Market Shares, Market size, Market Trends, Nasopharyngeal Cancer, Nasopharyngeal Cancer Market, satPRnews, Transformational Health Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Form 8.3 – Aberdeen Asset Management Plc Next PostNext Global Contactless Payments Market (2017-2023): Increase in Mobile Banking Services Due to the Adoption of Contactless Readers – Research and Markets Search Recent Posts IMPORTANT SHAREHOLDER ALERT: Khang & Khang LLP Announces Securities Class Action Lawsuit against FTD Companies, Inc. and Encourages Investors with Losses to Contact the Firm IMPORTANT SHAREHOLDER ALERT: Khang & Khang LLP Announces Securities Class Action Lawsuit against FTD Companies, Inc. and Encourages Investors with Losses to Contact the Firm Rise Announces Name Change to Rise Gold Corp. Samson Oil & Gas Receives Extension on Promissory Note Payment Fast Growing China Spending on Robotics to Reach $59.4 Billion in 2020, According to IDC Business Contacts Business Directory Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 3 April 2017 by Military News Antidiabetics Market Global Industry Volume and Region Analysis – 2023 The anti-diabetics market includes drugs, which are used for treatment of diabetes mellitus and are also known as oral hypoglycemic/antihyperglycemic agents. The anti-diabetics market has grown tremendously in recent years with increasing prevalence of diabetes mellitus. Thus, systemic therapies for diabetes have become the focal point of attention due to the burgeoning diabetic population size, with diabetes affecting middle age groups and children across all income groups globally. The anti-diabetics market has been segmented based on type of drug class into biguanides (metformin), sulfonylureas (glimepiride), meglitinides (repaglinide), thiazolidinediones (pioglitazone), dipeptidyl peptidase IV (DPP-IV) inhibitors (sitagliptin), and α-glucosidase inhibitors (acarbose). Obtain Report Details @ www.transparencymarketresearch.com/antidiabetics-market.html Among these drug classes, Biguanides act directly against insulin resistance. Sulfonylureas (SUs) were the earliest drug classes in the market for treatment of diabetes and have a significant market presence. α-glucosidase inhibitors delay postprandial glucose absorption by hydrolysis of disaccharide is into monosaccharide’s in the small intestine. Meglitinides are prandial insulin releasers that stimulate rapid insulin secretion. The thiazolidinediones are insulin-sensitizing drugs, which improve whole-body insulin sensitivity through gene regulation. DPP-IV inhibitors make a significant impact on glucose tolerance and make lasting improvements in the health outcomes of diabetic patients. Some of the major drivers and opportunities for growth of this market include drug combinations of several agents such as sitagliptin and metformin and other drug combinations that are in different stages of clinical and pipeline development. Increase in the prevalence of diabetes and new product launches by major pharmaceutical companies re some of the key drivers for growth in this market. In 2015, Boehringer Ingelheim GmbH launched two new drugs (Synjardy & Glyxambi)for treatment of diabetes mellitus type II. Some of the key opportunities for the antidiabetics include a strong pipeline for antidiabetics and entry of new players in the market, for instance, Novo Nordisk’s diabetes drug’s Tresiba, and Ryzodeg received FDA approval in September 2015. Moreover, Boehringer Ingelheim GmbH has a strong pipeline for anti-diabetic drugs, such as Linagliptin which is a dipeptidyl peptidase (DPP) 4 inhibitor) for patients suffering from diabetes mellitus type II and high cardiovascular risk. However, despite the availability of numerous branded antidiabetic drugs, many of these drugs have lost patent protection. In the wake of huge pressures from government and regulatory authorities, which have banned top selling drugs in various countries, in order to promote generic drugs at lower costs for diabetic patients. For instance, Mankind Pharma, launched anti-diabeticDynaglipt (Teneligliptin) under the drug class DPP-4 inhibitors in November 2015 in India targeting the middle to low income diabetic patient population. As a result, the volume of antidiabetics is expected to shift to first generation drugs and other generic drugs in the market. Moreover, there is a huge unmet medical need for antidiabetics that can treat multiple chronic disorderscoexisting with diabetessuch as cardiovascular diseases, dyslipidemia, hypertension etc. Another major restraint in the antidiabetics market is reduction in the efficacy of drugs over a period and canlead to other health complications. Some of the major players in the market include Astra Zeneca plc, Boehringer Ingelheim GmbH, Eli Lilly & Co., Johnson & Johnson, Mankind Pharma Ltd., Merck & Co. Inc., Novartis AG, Novo Nordisk A/S, SanofiS.A., and Teva Pharmaceutical Industries Ltd. Fill the form for an exclusive sample of this report @ www.transparencymarketresearch.com/sample/sample.php?flag… Transparency Market Research (TMR) is a market intelligence company, providing global business information reports and services. Our exclusive blend of quantitative forecasting and trends analysis provides forward-looking insight for thousands of decision makers. We have an experienced team of Analysts, Researchers, and Consultants, who us e proprietary data sources and various tools and techniques to gather, and analyze information. Our business offerings represent the latest and the most reliable information indispensable for businesses to sustain a competitive edge. Contact Transparency Market Research 90 State Street, Suite 700 Albany, NY 12207 Tel: +1-518-618-1030 USA – Canada Toll Free: 866-552-3453 Email: sales@transparencymarketresearch.com Website: www.transparencymarketresearch.com Browse market research blog: tmrresearch.blogspot.com/ This release was published on openPR. CategoriesUncategorized TagsHealth & Medicine Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Global Lymphoma Treatments Market By Geography Products Analyzers 2015 – 2023 Next PostNext Human Albumin and Factor Vlll Market – Global Industry Analysis and Forecast 2016 – 2023 Search Recent Posts IMPORTANT SHAREHOLDER ALERT: Khang & Khang LLP Announces Securities Class Action Lawsuit against FTD Companies, Inc. and Encourages Investors with Losses to Contact the Firm IMPORTANT SHAREHOLDER ALERT: Khang & Khang LLP Announces Securities Class Action Lawsuit against FTD Companies, Inc. and Encourages Investors with Losses to Contact the Firm Rise Announces Name Change to Rise Gold Corp. Samson Oil & Gas Receives Extension on Promissory Note Payment Fast Growing China Spending on Robotics to Reach $59.4 Billion in 2020, According to IDC Business Contacts Business Directory Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 3 April 2017 by satprnews satprnews Venous Thromboembolism (VTE) Market – Global Industry Insights, Trends, Outlook, and Opportunity Analysis, 2016–2024 Venous Thromboembolism (VTE) Market According to the International Society on Thrombosis and Haemostasis, Inc., venous thromboembolism (VTE) is a leading cause of death and disability worldwide. Approximately 10 million cases of venous thromboembolism occur annually. VTE refers to the formation of blood clots in vein. If the clot is in deep vein (usually leg), it is called as deep vein thrombosis, while a clot in lungs is termed as pulmonary embolism. There are around 100,000 to 300,000 VTE related deaths reported annually in the U.S. (International Society on Thrombosis and Haemostasis, Inc.). The number is much higher in Europe, which is at 544,000 deaths annually. Moreover, it is also estimated that up to 60% of VTE cases occur during or after hospitalization. This preventable health condition is usually overlooked as a major public health problem leading to deaths. Request for PDF of Sample Pages @ https://www.coherentmarketinsights.com/insight/request-sample/188 Global venous thromboembolism market taxonomy The global market is segmented on the basis of product type and disease type. On the basis of product type, the market is segmented as follows: Drug therapy Heparin Apixaban Dabigatran Rivaroxaban Edoxaban Warfarin Devices Thrombolytic therapy Heparin has been the gold standard for treating VTE. In a recent study published (2017) in the New England Journal of Medicine, Rivaroxaban has shown to be more effective in reducing the risk of a recurrent events in patients with venous thromboembolism in equipoise with continued anticoagulation medications compared to Aspirin. Devices used for treating VTE include compression stockings, and intermittent pneumatic compression devices. Thrombolytic therapy includes administering tissue plasminogen activator. Ask for Discount before buying @ https://www.coherentmarketinsights.com/insight/request-discount/188 Innovative treatment and drugs to fuel growth of global venous thromboembolism market The APEX (Acute Medically Ill VTE Prevention with Extended Duration Betrixaban) trial reported in March 2017 that extended use of betrixaban post parenteral prophylaxis with enoxaparin lowers the VTE incidence among patients discharged from hospital. Currently, there no anticoagulants approved for extended-duration use in patients after hospital discharge and in those who are at high risk of VTE. This treatment approach could significantly benefit those patients and be a growth contributor for the global venous thromboembolism market. Global venous thromboembolism market regional overview Based on the article published by the steering committee of world Thrombosis Day in 2014, incidence rate of VTE in North America, Western Europe, Australia and southern Latin America (Argentina) was in the range of 0.75-2.69 per 1,000 individuals, which increase to 2-7 per 1,000 individuals in population aged 70 years and above. Moreover, according its research findings, awareness about venous thromboembolism is very low globally. Furthermore, the condition is largely undocumented, except in North America and Europe. Daiichi Sankyo Company, Limited commenced a large scale clinical registry for cancer-VTE patients in Japan, in March 2017. This facility would enroll and follow up to 10,000 cancer patients for a year to achieve following objectives: Frequency of concurrent VTE Treatment status of VTE Investigate the incidence of VTE events, ischemic stroke, haemorrhagic events, and systemic embolisms Clarify appropriate use of Direct Oral Anticoagulant (DOAC) including Lixiana (Edoxaban) This is expected to provide a tremendous stimulus to the venous thromboembolism market. Low public awareness is one of the major factors responsible for confined growth rate of VTE market, especially in emerging nations such as India, China, Brazil, Turkey, and Indonesia. The market is poised to grow with growing awareness level, increasing healthcare spending and easier accessibility for the masses. To know the latest trends and insights prevalent in the Venous Thromboembolism (VTE) Market, click the link below: https://www.coherentmarketinsights.com/ongoing-insight/venous-thromboembolism-market-188 Major players in the global venous thromboembolism market include Pfizer Inc., Boehringer Ingelheim GmbH, Sanofi S.A., Abbott Laboratories, Dupont Pharm Co, Bristol-Myers Squibb Company, Merck & Co. Inc., Bayer AG, Upsher-Smith Laboratories, Inc., and 3M Health Care. About Coherent Market Insights: Coherent Market Insights is a prominent market research and consulting firm offering action-ready syndicated research reports, custom market analysis, consulting services, and competitive analysis through various recommendations related to emerging market trends, technologies, and potential absolute dollar opportunity. Contact Us: Mr. Shah Coherent Market Insights 1001 4th Ave, #3200 Seattle, WA 98154 Tel: +1-206-701-6702 Email: sales@coherentmarketinsights.com CategoriesUncategorized TagsGoogle News, Healthcare, satPRnews, Venous Thromboembolism (VTE) Market, Venous Thromboembolism Market forecast, Venous Thromboembolism Market opportunity analysis Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Optical Encoder Ics Market 2021: Analysed by Business Growth, Development Factors, Applications, and Future Prospects Next PostNext Integration of Latest Technologies into Existent Offerings to Mark Growth Strategy of Micro Irrigation Systems Manufacturers Search Recent Posts Healthcare CRM Market | Global Industry Analysis and Opportunity Assessment 2015-2022 Global Sports and Fitness Wear Sales Market 2017 – Adidas, Nike, Puma, Under Armour, VF Clinical Chemistry Analyzers Market To Be Driven By Increasing Prevalence Of Chronic Diseases Such As Diabetes Till 2025: Grand View Research, Inc. Digital Glass Military Aircraft Cockpit Systems Market Potential and Niche Segments, Geographical regions and Trends 2026 Vascular Access Systems Market Segmentation, Industry trends and Development to 2026 Business Contacts Business Directory Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 3 April 2017 by Military News Orally disintegrating tablet Market to Register Substantial Expansion by 2025 Drug delivery via oral route is the gold standard in pharmaceutical market. Oral tablets are generally designed for release of drug into the gastrointestinal tract for quick absorption into the body circulation. Oral tablets are generally swallowed intact with water only with an exception of orally disintegrating tablets (ODT’s) and chewing tablet. Orally disintegrating tablets are drug containing solid unit dosage that rapidly disintegrates and dissolves in mouth within 60 seconds or less, without the requirement of water. In December 1996, US FDA (Food and Drug Administration) approved Claritin (loratadine), as the first ever orally disintegrating tablet which was a formation of Zydis ODT. Later, more two formations of Zydis ODT namely Klonopin (clonazepam) and Maxalt (rizatriptan), were FDA approved in December 1997 and June 1998 respectively. Orally disintegrating tablets can be swallowed and can also be dissolved in water before consumption. Orally disintegrating tablets are also called as rapid-dissolving, rapid-disintegrating, mouth-dissolving and orodispersible. Orally disintegrating tablet technology products entered the pharmaceutical market since 1980. Owing to the better and thorough understanding of the bio-chemical and physicochemical parameters by pharmaceutical scientists and better patient compliance, orally disintegrating tablets have gained considerable market. Orally disintegrating tablets have seen to be used as a preferred alternative over conventional tablets and capsules. According to a research article published in world journal of pharmacy and pharmaceutical sciences, of all the tablets worldwide, over 90% of tablets are ingested by oral routes. Orally disintegrating tablets can be manufactured by many methods and techniques such as lyophilization or freeze drying, tablet molding, spray drying, mass-extrusion, phase transition, melt granulation, sublimation, cotton candy technology and direct compression method. Out of all the methods or technologies applied for production, direct compression method is the most preferred, cost-effective and also provides orally disintegrating tablets with adequate structural integrity. Of the total drug prescriptions, about two-third are dispensed as solid dosage forms, while 50 percent of these are dispensed as compressed tablets. The major driver in ODT market is that the orally disintegrating tablets prevent several limitations faced in tablets and capsules such as chocking, bitter taste and swelling discomfort faced, especially in children and geriatric patients. Orally disintegrating tablet market has seen a steady growth and there is rapid expansion in product pipelines. Also, over the past decade, more patient-friendly, better taste and compliant dosage form has enhanced demand for oral disintegrating market. Its importance is recognized by both the academia and industry. While growing importance of oral disintegrating tablets has been marked recently when the term ‘Orodispersible Tablet’ was adopted by European Pharmacopoeia and has explained it as the tablet that disperses rapidly in mouth when placed on tongue, before swallowing. Orally disintegrating tablet market faces some challenges like, difficulty in formulation of drugs with relatively high or large doses, such as formulation for ciprofloxacin antibiotic with high adult of 500mg tablet is found to be difficult. Thus, technologies applied for orally disintegrating tablets is limited by drug amount content in each unit dose, which should be less than 400mg and 60mg for insoluble and soluble drugs respectively. Other challenges include low mechanical strength of the orally disintegrating tablets due to its soft molded matrices or porosity; it requires special packaging and care to maintain proper stability as compared to other tablets and capsules, as orally disintegrating tablets are hygroscopic and require surfactants as well as solid buffers to optimize drug solubility; and some orally disintegrating tablets are costly. ODT’s have opportunity to be used for peptide and protein based drug delivery systems and can also be combined with various drug carriers to develop controlled released ODT’s. With technological advancement increasing in development of orally disintegrating tablets, formulations containing pharmaceutical ingredient that is lipophilic active with help of new orally disintegrating tablets technology can provide great opportunities for growth in orally disintegrating tablets market. Based on disease indications orally disintegrating tablet market is segmented into CNS diseases, gastrointestinal diseases and oncology. Amongst which central nervous system diseases segment holds the largest market. Drugs used in therapeutic intervention for gastro esophageal reflux disease (GERD), schizophrenia, Parkinson ’s disease, migraine, sleeping aids, etc., drives the market for CNS segment of orally disintegrating tablet market. While based on distribution channels, orally disintegrating tablet market is segmented into hospital pharmacies, retail pharmacies, drug stores, and retail pharmacies. A Sample of this Report is Available Upon Request @ www.persistencemarketresearch.com/samples/14572 On the basis of regional presence, global orally disintegrating tablet market is segmented into five key regions viz. North America, Latin America, Europe, Asia Pacific excluding Japan, Japan and Middle East & Africa. The key players in global orally disintegrating tablet market are Pfizer Inc., Eli Lilly and Company, Merck & Co., Inc., AstraZeneca, Bristol-Myers Squibb Company, GlaxoSmithKline plc, F. Hoffmann-La Roche Ltd, Johnson and Johnson services, Johnson Services, Inc., and Mission Pharmacal Company. Request to View Tables of Content @ www.persistencemarketresearch.com/toc/14572 About Us Persistence Market Research (PMR) is a third-platform research firm. Our research model is a unique collaboration of data analytics and market research methodology to help businesses achieve optimal performance. To support companies in overcoming complex business challenges, we follow a multi-disciplinary approach. At PMR, we unite various data streams from multi-dimensional sources. By deploying real-time data collection, big data, and customer experience analytics, we deliver business intelligence for organizations of all sizes. Contact Us Persistence Market Research 305 Broadway 7th Floor, New York City, NY 10007, United States, USA – Canada Toll Free: 800-961-0353 Email: sales@persistencemarketresearch.com Web: www.persistencemarketresearch.com This release was published on openPR. CategoriesUncategorized TagsHealth & Medicine Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Lysosomal acid lipase deficiency (LAAL) Treatment Market Set to Surge Significantly During 2017 to 2025 Next PostNext Chemotherapy-Induced Neutropenia Treatment Market Projected to Garner Significant Revenues by 2025 Search Recent Posts Healthcare CRM Market | Global Industry Analysis and Opportunity Assessment 2015-2022 Global Sports and Fitness Wear Sales Market 2017 – Adidas, Nike, Puma, Under Armour, VF Clinical Chemistry Analyzers Market To Be Driven By Increasing Prevalence Of Chronic Diseases Such As Diabetes Till 2025: Grand View Research, Inc. Digital Glass Military Aircraft Cockpit Systems Market Potential and Niche Segments, Geographical regions and Trends 2026 Vascular Access Systems Market Segmentation, Industry trends and Development to 2026 Business Contacts Business Directory Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 3 April 2017 by satprnews satprnews Anticoagulants Market Progresses for Huge Profits During 2015 to 2021 The Anticoagulants Market report provides in-depth analysis of parent market trends, macro-economic indicators and governing factors along with market attractiveness as per segments. The report also maps the qualitative impact of various market factors on market segments and geographies. Anticoagulants are used to eliminate the risk of blood clots in the body. Blood clots are formed when platelets stick together and proteins in the blood bind together to form a solid mass. Generally, blood clots play an important role in stopping external bleeding caused by any injury to the skin. However, when blood clots form in the blood vessels, they can be dangerous as they can block blood circulation. Blood clots in arteries or the heart can obstruct blood flow and cause a heart attack. Such clots in blood vessels in the brain can cause a stroke. Anticoagulants stop the platelets from adhering to one another and clotting proteins from binding together. These are commonly used in the treatment of deep vein thrombosis (DVT), pulmonary embolism, atrial fibrillation, and managing high and moderate risk of stroke. A sample of this report is available upon request @ www.persistencemarketresearch.com/samples/4090 Anticoagulants are mainly categorized as herapins, warfarin, low molecular weight heparins (LMWHs), factor Xa inhibitors, and direct thrombin inhibitors (DTIs). Heparin is an injectable anticoagulant widely used in hospitals for rapid anticoagulation. LMWHs are administered about twice a day as subcutaneous injections to treat DVT. These are more convenient to use than heparins, as LMWHs can be self injected at home. Warfarin is usually prescribed as part of long-term anticoagulant therapy for patients with atrial fibrillation to help reduce the risk of stroke by more than 60%. The global anticoagulants market is categorized based on various types of anticoagulant drugs and applications. Based on types of anticoagulants, the report covers Betrixaban, Dabigatran (Pradaxa), Edoxaban, Rivaroxaban (Xarelto), and Eliquis (Apixaban). The application segment is further sub segmented into cardiovascular diseases, coronary artery diseases, cardiac arrhythmia, myocardial infarction, DVT, and heart valve replacement. In terms of geography, North America dominates the global anticoagulants market. This is due to increased awareness about therapeutic applications of anticoagulants in disease management in the region. The U.S. represents the largest market for anticoagulants in North America, followed by Canada. In Europe, Germany, France and the U.K. hold major shares of the anticoagulants market. The anticoagulant market in Asia too, is expected to show high growth rates in the next five years. This is because a lot of companies are setting up manufacturing facilities in the region. Moreover, the growing population is also driving the growth of the market in the region. India, China, and Japan are expected to be the fastest growing markets for anticoagulants in Asia. The increasing aging population is a key driver for the global anticoagulants market. Also, increasing investment in R&D in the pharmaceutical sector and the introduction of innovative oral anticoagulants drugs have fueled the growth of this market. However, stringent regulations set by various governments hamper the growth of the global anticoagulants market. Moreover, risk of side-effects and complications associated with the usage of oral anticoagulants also hinders growth of the global anticoagulants market. Increasing number of mergers and acquisitions of drug manufacturing companies is a key trend of the global anticoagulants market. To view TOC of this report is available upon request @ www.persistencemarketresearch.com/toc/4090 The major companies operating in this market are Abbott Laboratories, Baxter International Inc., Astrazeneca plc, Bayer AG, BioVascular Inc., Boehringer Ingelheim GmbH, Eli Lilly and Company, Bristol-Myers Squibb Company, Merck & Co., Inc., Genentech Inc., GlaxoSmithKline plc, Pfizer, Inc., Sanofi, and Novartis AG. About Us Persistence Market Research (PMR) is a third-platform research firm. Our research model is a unique collaboration of data analytics and market research methodology to help businesses achieve optimal performance. To support companies in overcoming complex business challenges, we follow a multi-disciplinary approach. At PMR, we unite various data streams from multi-dimensional sources. By deploying real-time data collection, big data, and customer experience analytics, we deliver business intelligence for organizations of all sizes. Contact Us Persistence Market Research 305 Broadway 7th Floor, New York City, NY 10007, United States, USA – Canada Toll Free: 800-961-0353 Email: sales@persistencemarketresearch.com Web: http://www.persistencemarketresearch.com CategoriesUncategorized TagsAnticoagulants, Anticoagulants Industry, Anticoagulants Market, blood clots, Global 1, Google News, Healtcare, Healthcare Market, Market Growth, Market Shares, Market size, Market Trends, satPRnews Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Silicone Elastomers Market is Expected to Reach USD 8.7 Billion by 2022 Next PostNext Natural Protein A Resins Market will grow at 8% CAGR from 2016 to 2024 Posted on 3 April 2017 by satprnews satprnews Anticoagulants Market Progresses for Huge Profits During 2015 to 2021 The Anticoagulants Market report provides in-depth analysis of parent market trends, macro-economic indicators and governing factors along with market attractiveness as per segments. The report also maps the qualitative impact of various market factors on market segments and geographies. Anticoagulants are used to eliminate the risk of blood clots in the body. Blood clots are formed when platelets stick together and proteins in the blood bind together to form a solid mass. Generally, blood clots play an important role in stopping external bleeding caused by any injury to the skin. However, when blood clots form in the blood vessels, they can be dangerous as they can block blood circulation. Blood clots in arteries or the heart can obstruct blood flow and cause a heart attack. Such clots in blood vessels in the brain can cause a stroke. Anticoagulants stop the platelets from adhering to one another and clotting proteins from binding together. These are commonly used in the treatment of deep vein thrombosis (DVT), pulmonary embolism, atrial fibrillation, and managing high and moderate risk of stroke. A sample of this report is available upon request @ www.persistencemarketresearch.com/samples/4090 Anticoagulants are mainly categorized as herapins, warfarin, low molecular weight heparins (LMWHs), factor Xa inhibitors, and direct thrombin inhibitors (DTIs). Heparin is an injectable anticoagulant widely used in hospitals for rapid anticoagulation. LMWHs are administered about twice a day as subcutaneous injections to treat DVT. These are more convenient to use than heparins, as LMWHs can be self injected at home. Warfarin is usually prescribed as part of long-term anticoagulant therapy for patients with atrial fibrillation to help reduce the risk of stroke by more than 60%. The global anticoagulants market is categorized based on various types of anticoagulant drugs and applications. Based on types of anticoagulants, the report covers Betrixaban, Dabigatran (Pradaxa), Edoxaban, Rivaroxaban (Xarelto), and Eliquis (Apixaban). The application segment is further sub segmented into cardiovascular diseases, coronary artery diseases, cardiac arrhythmia, myocardial infarction, DVT, and heart valve replacement. In terms of geography, North America dominates the global anticoagulants market. This is due to increased awareness about therapeutic applications of anticoagulants in disease management in the region. The U.S. represents the largest market for anticoagulants in North America, followed by Canada. In Europe, Germany, France and the U.K. hold major shares of the anticoagulants market. The anticoagulant market in Asia too, is expected to show high growth rates in the next five years. This is because a lot of companies are setting up manufacturing facilities in the region. Moreover, the growing population is also driving the growth of the market in the region. India, China, and Japan are expected to be the fastest growing markets for anticoagulants in Asia. The increasing aging population is a key driver for the global anticoagulants market. Also, increasing investment in R&D in the pharmaceutical sector and the introduction of innovative oral anticoagulants drugs have fueled the growth of this market. However, stringent regulations set by various governments hamper the growth of the global anticoagulants market. Moreover, risk of side-effects and complications associated with the usage of oral anticoagulants also hinders growth of the global anticoagulants market. Increasing number of mergers and acquisitions of drug manufacturing companies is a key trend of the global anticoagulants market. To view TOC of this report is available upon request @ www.persistencemarketresearch.com/toc/4090 The major companies operating in this market are Abbott Laboratories, Baxter International Inc., Astrazeneca plc, Bayer AG, BioVascular Inc., Boehringer Ingelheim GmbH, Eli Lilly and Company, Bristol-Myers Squibb Company, Merck & Co., Inc., Genentech Inc., GlaxoSmithKline plc, Pfizer, Inc., Sanofi, and Novartis AG. About Us Persistence Market Research (PMR) is a third-platform research firm. Our research model is a unique collaboration of data analytics and market research methodology to help businesses achieve optimal performance. To support companies in overcoming complex business challenges, we follow a multi-disciplinary approach. At PMR, we unite various data streams from multi-dimensional sources. By deploying real-time data collection, big data, and customer experience analytics, we deliver business intelligence for organizations of all sizes. Contact Us Persistence Market Research 305 Broadway 7th Floor, New York City, NY 10007, United States, USA – Canada Toll Free: 800-961-0353 Email: sales@persistencemarketresearch.com Web: http://www.persistencemarketresearch.com CategoriesUncategorized TagsAnticoagulants, Anticoagulants Industry, Anticoagulants Market, blood clots, Global 1, Google News, Healtcare, Healthcare Market, Market Growth, Market Shares, Market size, Market Trends, satPRnews Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Silicone Elastomers Market is Expected to Reach USD 8.7 Billion by 2022 Next PostNext Natural Protein A Resins Market will grow at 8% CAGR from 2016 to 2024 Search Recent Posts 顧客体験（CX）─“気まずい真実”が明らかに Cargotec Corporation, announcement of managers’ transactions: Pelkonen, Mikko Cargotec Oyj, ilmoitus johdon liiketoimista: Pelkonen, Mikko Cargotec Oyj, ilmoitus johdon liiketoimista: Laine, Mikael Cargotec Corporation, announcement of managers’ transactions: Laine, Mikael Business Contacts Business Directory Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 3 April 2017 by satprnews satprnews Preventive Healthcare Technologies And Services Market is Expected to Reach USD 432.4 Billion by 2024 The global preventive healthcare technologies and services market is expected to reach USD 432.4 billion by 2024, according to a new report by Grand View Research, Inc. Key factors driving the market expansion include the growing awareness about preventive measures, which enhance the quality of life, lifespan, and minimize the possible healthcare spending. Browse the report: http://www.orbisresearch.com/reports/index/preventive-healthcare-technologies-and-services-market-size-and-forecast-by-technology-early-detection-and-screening-vaccines-chronic-disease-management-advanced-technologies-to-reduce-errors-and-trend-analysis-from-2013-to-2024 The growth of this market is attributed to the adoption of advanced technology and development of preventive measures, including vaccines, screening & monitoring devices, and smart devices to reduce medical errors. Growth of the market is also fueled by the factors such as reducing birth rate that is resulting in increase of geriatric population, which is more prone to the chronic diseases. With the introduction of Human Development Index (HDI) ratings since 2010, all countries are engaged in the overall development of their country and citizens. Life expectancy has a significant impact on HDI calculations. Governments of the countries have been focusing on improving life expectancy of the people by implementing various programs, including free or affordable vaccination, smoking cessation, and affordable insurance schemes. These programs cause a direct positive impact on the preventable technologies and services space. Request a sample of the report: http://www.orbisresearch.com/contacts/request-sample/111367 A large share of preventive healthcare includes early detection and screening technology. This segment pertains to personalized diagnostic techniques, which has captured the largest share owing to accuracy and availability of the innovative techniques for diagnosis. Further Key Findings from the Study Suggest: According to data published by the WHO, the percentage of the total vaccinations in the U.S. has been growing. The vaccinations included those funded by the government as well as the private purchases. In 2015, the early detection and screening technologies’ segment captured the largest share. The advantages associated with personalized medicine technologies, such as high accuracy and detection of the possible disease or disorder at an early stage, are mainly attributed to the largest share of the segment. With the introduction of advanced technology and growing demand for accurate screening methods, the growth of the early detection and screening is expected to be the fastest during the forecast period. Buy the report@http://www.orbisresearch.com/contact/purchase/111367 North American region dominated this space by capturing over the 48.0% of the global market in 2015. This region is anticipated to dominate the market throughout the forecast period. Some of the factors having a significant impact on the regional market growth are government initiatives, high per capita income, and the presence of a large number of major players in the region. Growing economies and government initiatives are expected to drive the growth of the Asia Pacific region. The segment is expected to witness a lucrative CAGR over 15% during the forecast period. Some major players in the consolidated market are McKesson Corporation; Scripto LLC; Omnicell, Inc.; Healthways, Inc.; Alere; Medtronic; GlaxoSmithKline plc; Pfizer, Inc.; and Merck & Co, Inc. About Us: Orbis Research (orbisresearch.com) is a single point aid for all your market research requirements. We have vast database of reports from the leading publishers and authors across the globe. We specialize in delivering customized reports as per the requirements of our clients. We have complete information about our publishers and hence are sure about the accuracy of the industries and verticals of their specialization. This helps our clients to map their needs and we produce the perfect required market research study for our clients. Contact Information: Hector Costello Senior Manager – Client Engagements 4144N Central Expressway, Suite 600, Dallas, Texas – 75204, U.S.A. Phone No.: +1 (214) 884-6817; +9164101019 Email: sales@orbisresearch.com CategoriesUncategorized TagsGoogle News, Healthcare, Preventive Healthcare Technologies And Services Market, satPRnews Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Global Molecular Cytogenetics Market Analysis by Technology (FISH and CGH) – Forecast 2022 Next PostNext North America Opioid Market Analysis and Forecast 2024 by Application (Pain Relief, Cancer Pain, Post-operative Pain Management, Low Back Pain) Search Recent Posts Releases New Report on the Global Profenofos Market Samenvatting: Panasonic richt Amerikaanse divisie Panasonic Media Entertainment Company op Young Performer Promotes Anti Bullying Program in Honor of Brendan Carr Power Metals Appoints New CEO and Director X-ray Photoelectron Spectroscopy Market Revenue and Value Chain 2015-2025 Business Contacts Business Directory Proudly powered by WordPress
