Login Home Sections Latest News Science News Medical News Life News Business News Marketplace  RSS Feeds by Section Expert Pitch Expert Spotlight Expert Features Currently Embargoed Journal Related News Video/Audio Channels Public Health Dermatology Cancer Infectious Diseases Race Evolution and Darwin Climate Science Environmental Science All Journal News Wildlife Influenza Ebola U.S. Politics Immigration National Infrastructure U.S. Supreme Court U.S. National Security U.S. Foreign Relations Zika Virus Terrorism  RSS Feeds by Channel Wires Archived Wires: Daily Wire SciWire MedWire LifeWire BizWire Special Wires Calendar: Upcoming Theme Wires Experts Expert Pitch Expert Spotlight Expert Features Expert Query Form Advanced Article Search Newsrooms Search Newsrooms/Institutions University of Kentucky American Thoracic Society (ATS) University of Missouri Health Texas Tech University University of California, Los Angeles (UCLA), Health Sciences Newswise American Society of Nephrology (ASN) Mount Sinai Health System About Member Services Services for Journalists Services for Public Users FAQ: Contributors/Source Institutions FAQ: Journalists FAQ: Public Users Participating Institutions Media Subscribers Sample Effectiveness Reports Archived Wires Terms of Service Privacy Policy Our Staff Contact Newswise Blog Newswise Blog Subscribe Now   < Previous Article Return to Article List Next Article > Sanford Studying Immunotherapy Drug for Esophageal Cancer Keynote 181 trial exploring pembrolizumab Article ID: 668610 Released: 31-Jan-2017 2:05 PM EST Source Newsroom: Sanford Health Add to Favorites more news from this source contact patient services Share Jonathan Bleeker, M.D. Amit Panwalkar, M.D. MEDIA CONTACT Available for logged-in reporters only CHANNELS Cancer, Digestive Disorders, Immunology KEYWORDS immunotheraphy, pembrolizumab, Esophageal Cancer, Immunotherapy Clinical Trials Newswise — SIOUX FALLS, S.D. – A clinical trial at Sanford Health is studying if an immunotherapy drug developed by Merck might be able to treat certain patients with advanced esophageal cancer. The Merck Keynote 181 trial is now open at Sanford. The study is exploring the Merck drug pembrolizumab, an immune checkpoint inhibitor that allows the body to recognize the cancer and use its immune system to clear the disease. Keynote 181 is open for patients with advanced esophageal cancer who have received two previous therapies. Participants, who must be at least 18, are required to provide a tissue biopsy. Sanford is also studying the application of pembrolizumab in other types of cancer under the Merck Investigator Studies Program, or MISP. The drug is FDA approved for melanoma and certain types of lung cancer. Sioux Falls oncologist Jonathan Bleeker, M.D., and Fargo-based oncologist Amit Panwalkar, M.D., are co-principal investigators for the study. “The immune system plays an important role in regulating the body, but those mechanisms become even more critical when the body needs to fight a disease like cancer,” said Bleeker. “Researchers, including our own at Sanford, have discovered that pembrolizumab can work in treating other types of cancer. Sanford and Merck recognized the need to study the potential of this drug in patients with esophageal cancer.” Keynote 181 is available in both Sioux Falls and Fargo and is open for 100 participants. For more information or to enroll, call 87-SURVIVAL. Sanford offers more than 20 clinical trials involving immunotherapy. For a complete list, visit sanfordhealth.org/clinicaltrials. About Sanford Health Sanford Health is an integrated health system headquartered in the Dakotas. It is one of the largest health systems in the nation with 45 hospitals and nearly 300 clinics in nine states and four countries. Sanford Health’s 28,000 employees, including more than 1,300 physicians, make it the largest employer in the Dakotas. Nearly $1 billion in gifts from philanthropist Denny Sanford have allowed for several initiatives, including global children's clinics, genomic medicine and specialized centers researching cures for type 1 diabetes, breast cancer and other diseases. For more information, visit sanfordhealth.org. ### Permalink to this article COMMENTS | COMMENTING POLICY Comment/Share Share Leave a comment... Commenting policy ©2017 Newswise, Inc 215 5th St. SW, Suite 100, Charlottesville VA 22903 434-296-9417 Privacy Notice Terms of Service Contact Us 2.2466 seconds Follow Us Hide the chat Chat now!
Login Home Sections Latest News Science News Medical News Life News Business News Marketplace  RSS Feeds by Section Expert Pitch Expert Spotlight Expert Features Currently Embargoed Journal Related News Video/Audio Channels Public Health Dermatology Cancer Infectious Diseases Race Evolution and Darwin Climate Science Environmental Science All Journal News Wildlife Influenza Ebola U.S. Politics Immigration National Infrastructure U.S. Supreme Court U.S. National Security U.S. Foreign Relations Zika Virus Terrorism  RSS Feeds by Channel Wires Archived Wires: Daily Wire SciWire MedWire LifeWire BizWire Special Wires Calendar: Upcoming Theme Wires Experts Expert Pitch Expert Spotlight Expert Features Expert Query Form Advanced Article Search Newsrooms Search Newsrooms/Institutions University of Kentucky American Thoracic Society (ATS) University of Missouri Health Texas Tech University University of California, Los Angeles (UCLA), Health Sciences Newswise American Society of Nephrology (ASN) Mount Sinai Health System About Member Services Services for Journalists Services for Public Users FAQ: Contributors/Source Institutions FAQ: Journalists FAQ: Public Users Participating Institutions Media Subscribers Sample Effectiveness Reports Archived Wires Terms of Service Privacy Policy Our Staff Contact Newswise Blog Newswise Blog Subscribe Now   < Previous Article Return to Article List Next Article > Sanford Studying Immunotherapy Drug for Esophageal Cancer Keynote 181 trial exploring pembrolizumab Article ID: 668610 Released: 31-Jan-2017 2:05 PM EST Source Newsroom: Sanford Health Add to Favorites more news from this source contact patient services Share Jonathan Bleeker, M.D. Amit Panwalkar, M.D. MEDIA CONTACT Available for logged-in reporters only CHANNELS Cancer, Digestive Disorders, Immunology KEYWORDS immunotheraphy, pembrolizumab, Esophageal Cancer, Immunotherapy Clinical Trials Newswise — SIOUX FALLS, S.D. – A clinical trial at Sanford Health is studying if an immunotherapy drug developed by Merck might be able to treat certain patients with advanced esophageal cancer. The Merck Keynote 181 trial is now open at Sanford. The study is exploring the Merck drug pembrolizumab, an immune checkpoint inhibitor that allows the body to recognize the cancer and use its immune system to clear the disease. Keynote 181 is open for patients with advanced esophageal cancer who have received two previous therapies. Participants, who must be at least 18, are required to provide a tissue biopsy. Sanford is also studying the application of pembrolizumab in other types of cancer under the Merck Investigator Studies Program, or MISP. The drug is FDA approved for melanoma and certain types of lung cancer. Sioux Falls oncologist Jonathan Bleeker, M.D., and Fargo-based oncologist Amit Panwalkar, M.D., are co-principal investigators for the study. “The immune system plays an important role in regulating the body, but those mechanisms become even more critical when the body needs to fight a disease like cancer,” said Bleeker. “Researchers, including our own at Sanford, have discovered that pembrolizumab can work in treating other types of cancer. Sanford and Merck recognized the need to study the potential of this drug in patients with esophageal cancer.” Keynote 181 is available in both Sioux Falls and Fargo and is open for 100 participants. For more information or to enroll, call 87-SURVIVAL. Sanford offers more than 20 clinical trials involving immunotherapy. For a complete list, visit sanfordhealth.org/clinicaltrials. About Sanford Health Sanford Health is an integrated health system headquartered in the Dakotas. It is one of the largest health systems in the nation with 45 hospitals and nearly 300 clinics in nine states and four countries. Sanford Health’s 28,000 employees, including more than 1,300 physicians, make it the largest employer in the Dakotas. Nearly $1 billion in gifts from philanthropist Denny Sanford have allowed for several initiatives, including global children's clinics, genomic medicine and specialized centers researching cures for type 1 diabetes, breast cancer and other diseases. For more information, visit sanfordhealth.org. ### Permalink to this article COMMENTS | COMMENTING POLICY Comment/Share Share Leave a comment... Commenting policy ©2017 Newswise, Inc 215 5th St. SW, Suite 100, Charlottesville VA 22903 434-296-9417 Privacy Notice Terms of Service Contact Us 1.5829 seconds Follow Us Hide the chat Chat now!
SubscribeStarting at 99 cents MembersSign In SUBSCRIBE NOW Get unlimited access to Globe.com today Menu SubscribeStarting at 99 cents MembersSign In Business & Tech SubscribeStarting at 99 cents MembersSign In Metro Sports Business & Tech Opinion Politics Lifestyle Arts Cars Real Estate Most popular on bostonglobe.com Based on what you've read recently, you might be interested in theses stories Anatomy of a play call: From headset to ‘hike!’ After divorce, NBC Boston and WHDH both stumble in January Trump Tells Israel to Hold Off on Building New Settlements Globe photos of the month, January 2017 Today's Paper Magazine Obituaries Weather Comics Crossword The Big Picture Digital Access 99 cents a week for the first 4 weeks Subscribe Subscribe Home Delivery Save 50% off the regular rate Subscribe Subscribe Already a subscriber? Members Sign In Digital Access 99 cents a week for the first 4 weeks Subscribe Subscribe Home Delivery Save 50% off the regular rate Subscribe Subscribe Already a subscriber? Members Sign In Merck profit soars on new drugs, expects better 2017 E-Mail Share via e-mail To Add a message Your e-mail Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Comments Print The Boston Globe Tweet Share MICHAEL REYNOLDS/EPA Merck CEO Kenneth Frazier (second from left) and other pharmaceutical industry executives met with President Trump on Tuesday in Washington. By Linda A. Johnson Associated Press  February 03, 2017 Profits at the drug maker Merck surged in the fourth quarter, and the company CEO told investors that a ‘‘constructive’’ meeting with President Trump focused on reducing taxes and relaxing regulations. Merck chief executive Kenneth Frazier said Thursday that he’s encouraged by an initial meeting he and other pharmaceutical executives had Tuesday with Trump, who has said drug makers have been ‘‘getting away with murder’’ on prices. Advertisement The pharmaceutical industry has come under fire in recent months over soaring drug prices, which have been blasted by patients, doctors, politicians, and others. Drug companies and investors have been alternatively worried that the Trump administration and Congress will move to reduce prices, and cheered by hopes that they will help them increase profits by reducing taxes and cutting regulations so they can bring new drugs to market faster. On a conference call to discuss financial results, Frazier told analysts the meeting with Trump focused on possible changes to US tax laws, removing ‘‘outdated’’ regulations, and using market forces to make medicines more affordable. Get Talking Points in your inbox: An afternoon recap of the day’s most important business news, delivered weekdays. Sign Up Thank you for signing up! Sign up for more newsletters here ‘‘What I heard from Mr. Trump was a concern less around the costs of drugs in the aggregate,’’ and more about affordability for patients and finding a way for them to share in the sizeable discounts insurers and other payers negotiate with drug makers, Frazier said. He said more meetings with Trump are expected, and that while he expects Congress to introduce bills calling for government price negotiations or controls, he doesn’t think that’s widely seen as a solution. Merck’s fourth quarter profit surged 21 percent on the strength of aggressive cost-cutting and sales of two new drugs, cancer medicine Keytruda and hepatitis C treatment Zepatier. Advertisement Keytruda is among the most successful of a new generation of cancer medicines that work by helping the immune system fight tumors. Launched in September 2014 for advanced skin cancer, Keytruda has since been approved for treating lung cancer — a much bigger market — plus head and neck cancer. Keytruda had sales of $483 million in the quarter and $1.4 billion over 2016, and could get US approval in March for two other tumor types. Edward Jones analyst Ashtyn Evans wrote to investors that she expects annual Keytruda sales to reach $7 billion by 2020. Zepatier was launched early last year in the crowded field of new drugs that cure hepatitis C. It brought in $229 million in fourth-quarter sales, putting it on pace to possibly hit $1 billion in sales this year. Strong sales of those and other drugs, plus the cost cuts, helped Merck overcome the ongoing drag of lower revenues from older drugs, especially ones that are starting to face competition from generics. That will continue, as a big-selling cholesterol drug, Vytorin, will soon face cheaper copycats. Merck, the country’s second-biggest drug maker, reported fourth-quarter net income of $1.18 billion, or 42 cents per share. Excluding one-time costs, earnings were 89 cents per share, a penny better than industry analysts had projected. Loading comments... Top 10 Trending Articles Most Viewed Most Commented Most Shared Real journalists. Real journalism. Subscribe to The Boston Globe today. My Account Log in Manage my Account Mobile Customer Service Sign Up For Newsletters Contact Help FAQs Globe newsroom Advertise Social Facebook Twitter Google+ More ePaper News in Education Archives Privacy policy Terms of service Terms of purchase Your Ad Choices Work at Boston Globe Media © 2017 Boston Globe Media Partners, LLC You're reading  1 of 5 free articles. Get UNLIMITED access for only 99¢ per week Subscribe Now > You're reading1 of 5 free articles.Keep scrolling to see more articles recomended for you Subscribe now You're reading 1 of 5 free articles. Get UNLIMITED access for only 99¢ per week. Subscribe now You're reading 2 of 5 free articles. Get UNLIMITED access for only 99¢ per week. Subscribe now You're reading 3 of 5 free articles. Get UNLIMITED access for only 99¢ per week. Subscribe now You're reading 4 of 5 free articles. Get UNLIMITED access for only 99¢ per week. Subscribe now You're reading 5 of 5 free articles. Get UNLIMITED access for only 99¢ per week. Subscribe now We hope you've enjoyed your 5 free articles. Continue reading by subscribing to Globe.com for just 99¢. Subscribe Now Already a member? Log in Home Special Offer for Business Travelers Get the day’s top stories by 6 am. and breaking news as it unfolds Connect with Facebook or Sign up & return to story Please enter a valid email Subscriber Log in | Privacy Policy Close Wake up with today’s top stories Get Today’s Headlines every morning and breaking news as it unfolds. Connect with Facebook or Sign up & return to story Please enter a valid email Subscriber Log in | Privacy Policy Close Thanks for signing up Browse our full list of free Globe newsletters Return to your story Close We hope you’ve enjoyed your 5 free articles Continue reading by subscribing to Globe.com for just 99¢. Subscribe Now Subscribe Now Already a subscriber? Log in DON'T MISS THESE MUST READS Get unlimited access and never miss a story Anatomy of a play call: From headset to ‘hike!’ After divorce, NBC Boston and WHDH both stumble in January Trump Tells Israel to Hold Off on Building New Settlements Globe photos of the month, January 2017 Subscriber Log In We hope you've enjoyed your 5 free articles' Continue reading by subscribing to BostonGlobe.com for just 99¢. Continue reading by subscribing to Globe.com for just $.99¢ Stay informed with unlimited access to Boston’s trusted news source. High-quality journalism from the region’s largest newsroom Convenient access across all of your devices Today’s Headlines daily newsletter Subscriber-only access to exclusive offers, events, contests, eBooks, and more Less than 25¢ a week GET FULL ACCESS NOW GET FULL ACCESS NOW Already a subscriber? Log in Your city. Your stories. Your Globe. Yours FREE for two weeks. Enjoy free unlimited access to Globe.com for the next two weeks. Limited time only - No credit card required! Get Today's Headlines newsletter Remember me BostonGlobe.com complimentary digital access has been provided to you, without a subscription, for free starting today and ending in 14 days. After the free trial period, your free BostonGlobe.com digital access will stop immediately unless you sign up for BostonGlobe.com digital subscription. Current print and digital subscribers are not eligible for the free trial. Thanks & Welcome to Globe.com You now have unlimited access for the next two weeks. Explore Globe.com BostonGlobe.com complimentary digital access has been provided to you, without a subscription, for free starting today and ending in 14 days. After the free trial period, your free BostonGlobe.com digital access will stop immediately unless you sign up for BostonGlobe.com digital subscription. Current print and digital subscribers are not eligible for the free trial.
  It appears your ad blocker is affecting our functionality. To continue reading, simply turn it off and refresh the page. E-Edition Stepsaver/Observers Citizens News Photo Reprints Contests Employment Dining About Us Advertising Newsroom History Forms Employment Privacy Terms of Use Contact Us Subscriptions Letters to the Editor Editorial and Opinion News Article News Tip Sports Department Website Issues Subscribe Activate Access Home Delivery Subscription Purchase a Digital Subscription Home Top Stories Advanced Search Calendar Weather Webcam Photo Reprints Lottery Contests Traffic Email Updates News Elections Local Election National Election Candidate Profiles Business Connecticut Local Morning 5 National New England Offbeat Today in History World Records Courts Inspections Police Bus Routes Sports The Zone UConn College Local sports MLB NBA NFL NHL Pro Sports Entertainment Arts Best Bets Movies Music Nightlife People Theater TV Lifestyle Wheels Horoscope Family Food Health Outdoors Technology Travel Tide Charts Social Moments Announcements Anniversaries Births Engagements Marriages Obits Opinion Editorials Syndicated Columnists Commentary Letters Your Page Columns Active Outdoors Beer Snob CT-Music Living Here Matter Of Laugh And Death Nature Off Stage Ride CT Sunday Reflections Blogs Gardening Off The Record Throwback Thursday Time Out What’s for Dinner Marketplace Place Ad Jobs Open Houses Legal Ads Dining Guide Coupons Newspaper Ads Special Sections Classifieds Announcements Employment Merchandise Pets & Animals Real Estate for Rent Real Estate for Sale Transportation – Autos Rec Vehicles Services Investment Merck profit soars on new drugs, expects better 2017 February 2, 2017 - Business - Tagged: Donald Trump, Taxes - no comments By LINDA A. JOHNSON AP Medical Writer This Thursday, Dec. 18, 2014, file photo shows the Merck logo on a stained glass panel at a Merck company building in Kenilworth, N.J. Merck & Co. reports financial results Thursday, Feb. 2, 2017. (AP Photo/Mel Evans, File) Profits at the drugmaker Merck surged in the fourth quarter, and the company CEO told investors that a “constructive” meeting with President Donald Trump focused on reducing taxes and relaxing regulations. Merck CEO Kenneth Frazier on Thursday said he’s encouraged by an initial meeting he and other pharmaceutical executives had Tuesday with Trump, who has said drugmakers have been “getting away with murder” on drug prices. The pharmaceutical industry has come under fire in recent months over soaring drug prices, which have been blasted by patients, doctors, politicians and others. Drug companies and investors have been alternatively worried that the Trump administration and Congress will move to reduce prices, and cheered by hopes that they will help them increase profits by reducing taxes and reducing regulations so they can bring new drugs to market faster. On a conference call to discuss Merck’s latest financial results, Frazier told analysts the meeting with Trump focused on possible changes to U.S. tax laws, removing “outdated” regulations and using market forces to make medicines more affordable. “What I heard from Mr. Trump was a concern less around the costs of drugs in the aggregate,” and more about affordability for patients and finding a way for them to share in the sizeable discounts insurers and other payers negotiate with drugmakers, Frazier said. He said more meetings with Trump are expected, and that while he expects Congress to introduce bills calling for government price negotiations or controls, he doesn’t think that’s widely seen as a solution. Merck’s fourth quarter profit surged 21 percent on the strength of aggressive cost-cutting and sales of two new drugs, the cancer medicine Keytruda and the hepatitis C treatment Zepatier. Keytruda is among the most successful of a new generation of cancer medicines that work by helping the immune system fight tumors. Launched in September 2014 for advanced skin cancer, Keytruda has since been approved for treating lung cancer – a much bigger market – plus head and neck cancer. Keytruda had sales of $483 million in the quarter and $1.4 billion over 2016, and could get U.S. approval in March for two other tumor types. Edward Jones analyst Ashtyn Evans wrote to investors that she expects annual Keytruda sales to reach $7 billion by 2020. Zepatier was launched early last year in the crowded field of new drugs that cure hepatitis C. It brought in $229 million in fourth-quarter sales, putting it on pace to possibly hit $1 billion in sales this year. Strong sales of those and other drugs, plus the cost cuts, helped Merck overcome the ongoing drag of lower revenues from older drugs, especially ones that are starting to face competition from generics, like the cholesterol pill Zetia and the allergy spray Nasonex. That will continue, as a big-selling cholesterol drug, Vytorin, will soon face cheaper copycats. Merck, the country’s second-biggest drugmaker, reported fourth-quarter net income of $1.18 billion, or 42 cents per share. Excluding one-time costs, earnings were 89 cents per share, a penny better than industry analysts had projected. Sales dipped 1 percent to $10.12 billion, just shy of Wall Street forecasts for $10.2 billion. Merck shares jumped $1.75, or 3 percent, to $63.85 in midday trading. The Kenilworth, New Jersey, company expects full-year earnings in the range of $2.47 to $2.62 per share, with revenue of $38.6 billion to $40.1 billion – just a tad below what analysts were expecting. For all of 2016, Merck reported net income of $5.7 billion, or $2.04 per share, on revenue of $39.8 billion. BernsteinResearch analyst Tim Anderson called the 2017 forecasts “a relief,” given Merck’s prior cautionary language and what its rivals have been predicting for 2017. Share this: Email Print Facebook Twitter Google WhatsApp Pinterest Reddit More Skype LinkedIn Pocket Tumblr Telegram Related Leave a Reply Cancel reply You must be logged in to post a comment. More articles from Business State suing doctor, UConn employee for prescriptions scheme February 2, 2017 - Business - Tagged: UConn, University of Connecticut - no comments The state is suing a Fairfield County doctor and her husband, a University of Connecticut employee, for allegedly prescribing costly unnecessary medications to state workers enrolled in the state employee pharmacy benefit plan. The state’s lawsuit alleges that Kwasi Gyambibi… Read Post → Huge GE turbine being hauled from upstate NY to Pennsylvania February 2, 2017 - Business - Tagged: GE, Police - no comments SCHENECTADY, N.Y. – A 175-ton steam turbine made in New York is slowly making its way across the central section of the state while headed to Pennsylvania. The 350,000-pound turbine is aboard a truck that’s about 350 feet long and… Read Post → New York Times racks up digital customers; print ads slide February 2, 2017 - Business - Tagged: Donald Trump, Social media - no comments NEW YORK (AP) — The New York Times Co. is racking up digital subscribers as President Donald Trump makes news waves, but the decline in the print business continues to drag on its finances. The New York company said Thursday… Read Post → EDAC receives another $4.5 million state loan Part of First Five February 2, 2017 - Business Towns: Cheshire CT, Greater Waterbury - 1 comment A Cheshire company is among five in the state to share $12 million in loans approved by the State Bond Commission Wednesday for business growth and development. EDAC Technologies Corp., was allocated a $4.5 million no interest loan as a… Read Post → Facebook must pay $500 million in damages in Oculus intellectual property case February 2, 2017 - Business - Tagged: Social media - no comments SAN FRANCISCO – Facebook is on the hook for $500 million in damages after losing an intellectual property lawsuit Wednesday to ZeniMax Media over its virtual reality headset, the Oculus Rift. ZeniMax, a video game publisher, sued the social network… Read Post → Disney agrees to $100 million settlement in anti-poaching lawsuit brought by animators February 2, 2017 - Business - no comments LOS ANGELES – Walt Disney Co. has agreed to pay $100 million to settle a long-running lawsuit brought by animators and visual effects workers who alleged that several Hollywood companies had adhered to an anti-poaching pact that kept pay down…. Read Post → American Airlines inaugurates office in Havana February 2, 2017 - Business - Tagged: Donald Trump, Inauguration - no comments HAVANA – American Airlines formally opened an office in Havana on Wednesday, and an executive said the company will move ahead with its plans for Cuba despite uncertainty over what President Donald Trump’s administration will bring. The inauguration came two… Read Post → Pork industry says not to worry about a bacon shortage February 2, 2017 - Business - 1 comment DES MOINES, Iowa (AP) – Pork industry experts say U.S. consumers shouldn’t worry about a bacon shortage. The reassurance comes amid news that demand for bacon depleted frozen pork belly supplies in the U.S. to a record low for December…. Read Post → Cheshire firms get boost Small business loan will help Marion for new, faster metal stamping press February 2, 2017 - Business - Tagged: biznews, Cheshire, Christopher Murphy, Dannel Malloy, Douglas Johnson Towns: Cheshire CT, Greater Waterbury - no comments CHESHIRE – Marion Manufacturing Co., a producer of wire and metal parts for various industries, has received a $225,000 state loan to buy a new, faster metal stamping press at its facility on Reinhard Road. The Department of Economic and… Read Post → Vermont furniture maker issues recall for tip-over hazard February 1, 2017 - Business - Tagged: recall - no comments Vermont children’s furniture maker Bolton Furniture has issued a recall of its “Two Over Two 4-drawer dressers” due to serious tipping and entrapment hazards, the state Department of Consumer Protection announced Wednesday. These hazards may result in serious injury or… Read Post → ‹ Older posts Newspaper Ads Latest News St. Margaret fights back 4 hours ago GOP senators advance Trump’s pick for EPA 5 hours ago Campus chaos spurs questions at Berkeley 5 hours ago Police storm prison to end hostage standoff; guard found dead 5 hours ago Punxsutawney Phil predicts more winter 5 hours ago CategoriesCategories Select Category _Posts Announcements    Anniversaries    Births    Engagements    Marriages    Reunions Blogs    City Beat    Gardening    Off The Record    Pickin’ on Life    Throwback Thursday    Time Out    What’s for Dinner Campership Cartoon Columns    Active Outdoors    Beer Snob    CT-Music    Living Here    Matter Of Laugh And Death    Nature    Off Stage    Ride CT    Sunday Reflections Community Entertainment    Arts    Best Bets    Movies    Music    Nightlife    People    Theater    TV Featured Gallery    Auto Racing Photo Gallery    College Sports    Graduations    Local Sports Photos    NASA Image of the day    News Gallery    NFL Photo Gallery    Social Moments    Top Sports Horoscope Lifestyle    Family    Food    Health    Outdoors    Technology    Travel    wheels News    Bus Routes    Business    Connecticut    Elections       Candidate Profiles       Election Videos       Local Election       National Election          US Senate and House       State Elections    Local    Morning 5    National    New England    News Videos    Offbeat    Today in History    World Obituaries Opinion    Commentary    Editorials    Letters    Syndicated Columnists    Worth Reading    Your Page Records    Courts    Inspections    Police Special    Honor rolls Sports    Athlete of the Week    Auto Racing    College    Fantasy football    Goalzone    Golf    High School    Hoopzone    Latest on The Zone    Local Sports       Local Sports Videos    MLB    NBA    NFL    NHL    Olympics    Pro Sports    Redzone    Soccer    Sports featured    Sports Gallery    Sports Videos    Strikezone    Sunday Six    The Zone test    Top 25 football poll    UConn       Football       Men’s Basketball       The coaches       UConn video       Women’s Basketball The Streak Top Stories Valedictorians    Valedictorians 2014    Valedictorians 2016 Videos Polls Should the state take over municipalities with struggling finances? Yes, I think it's a great idea No, Connecticut needs to fix itself first View Results  Loading ... Polls Archive Reader Comments freepress on U.S.: Trump disappointed in deal with Australia freepress on Pork industry says not to worry about a bacon shortage raycity222 on EDAC receives another $4.5 million state loan conservative1 on TV viewers don’t want to hear celebrity opinions conservative1 on TV viewers don’t want to hear celebrity opinions Towns Barkhamsted Beacon Falls Bethlehem Bridgewater Burlington Canaan Cheshire Colebrook Cornwall Falls Village Goshen Harwinton Kent Litchfield Middlebury Morris Naugatuck New Hartford Norfolk Oxford Plymouth Prospect Roxbury Salisbury Seymour Sharon Southbury Thomaston Torrington Warren Waterbury Watertown Winsted Wolcott Woodbury Lottery Powerball for 02/01/2017 09-43-57-60-64 PB-10Next Drawing: Sat. Feb. 4Next Jackpot: $229.0 Million; Est. Cash Value: $138.3 Mega Millions for 01/31/2017 03-14-27-62-72 MB-04 MP-3Next Drawing: Fri. Feb. 3Next Jackpot: $20.0 Million; Est. Cash Value: $11.9 Lotto! for 01/31/2017 02-03-20-22-25-28Next Drawing: Fri. Feb. 3Next Jackpot: $2.5 Million; Est. Cash Value: $2,036,000 Lucky for Life for 01/30/2017 06-08-28-36-42 LB-12Next Drawing: Thu. Feb. 2 Cash5 for 02/01/2017 12-18-21-26-33 Upcoming Events Jan 29 Sun 7:18 pm 2nd Annual Juried Members Exhibi... @ Mattatuck Museum 2nd Annual Juried Members Exhibi... @ Mattatuck Museum Jan 29 @ 7:18 pm – Mar 19 @ 8:18 pm Exhibition of works by chosen artists of Mattatuck Museum’s second annual juried members exhibition, “Mixmaster.” Ends March 19. Opening reception 1 to 3 p.m. 10:55 pm Mixmaster Exhibition @ Mattatuck Museum, Mixmaster Exhibition @ Mattatuck Museum, Jan 29 @ 10:55 pm – Mar 19 @ 11:55 pm Open reception 1-3 p.m. Parking free behind museum. Feb 3 Fri 9:00 am Benefit Book Fair @ Barnes & Noble Booksellers Benefit Book Fair @ Barnes & Noble Booksellers Feb 3 @ 9:00 am – 10:00 pm SS. Peter and Paul School will conduct a benefit book fair Friday, Feb. 3, from 9 a.m. to 10 p.m. at the Barnes and Noble Booksellers, 235 Union St. in the Brass Mill Commons. Mention SS. Peter and Paul School... 9:30 am Yoga for Parents @ Walzer Family Jewish Community Campus Yoga for Parents @ Walzer Family Jewish Community Campus Feb 3 @ 9:30 am – 10:30 am Relax, de-stress, increase flexibility.Fridays. Ends March 10. 10:00 am “Sacred Moments” @ Wisdom House Retreat and Conference Center “Sacred Moments” @ Wisdom House Retreat and Conference Center Feb 3 @ 10:00 am – 4:00 pm The Marie Louise Trichet Art Gallery at Wisdom House Retreat and Conference Center, 299 East Litchfield Road, has opened a new exhibit, “Sacred Moments.” The joint exhibit features the combined works of New London artist Ashby Carlisle and New Hartford... View Calendar Add Add to Timely Calendar Add to Google Add to Outlook Add to Apple Calendar Add to other calendar Export to XML Featured Ads Advertising Syst Admin and Financial Analyst ADVERTISING Advertising Systems Administrator /Financial Analyst Full-time position working with Business Department in maintaining and analyzing advertising sales efforts. A college degree in Marketing, Advertising/ Business, or equivalent combination of education and experience is preferred. Strong analytical, mathematical, problem solving and computer skills a must. Excellent benefits package includes health, vision, dental, life and disability […] WATERBURY WATERBURY beaut. lg 3BR 2nd flr. Wood St. all renov, near school $825 sec no pet 203-695-3311 Comments Popular Today Week Month All Many Americans are coalescing against Trump TV viewers don't want to hear celebrity opinions Luxury townhouse plan in Watertown raises traffic, value issues Women's March experience was enlightening Americans would pay for border wall Today Week Month All Teen driver to serve 15 years for fatalities Andrew Falk Barbara A. Larkin Luxury townhouse plan in Watertown raises traffic, value issues Fire at multifamily home in Waterbury Featured Ads Featured Coupons Sign up for Email Updates Email Updates Top Stories Town News Lifestyle News Daily News Update Entertainment News The Zone Meta Register Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Republican American 389 Meadow St Waterbury CT 06712 203 574-3636 Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
Skip to content MilTech pr@satprnews.com HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Main Menu Bionomics to Receive Milestone Payment from MSD for Initiation of Phase 1 Clinical Study of Candidate Alzheimer’s Treatment 3 February 2017Military News NEW YORK, Feb. 3, 2017 /PRNewswire/ — Bionomics Limited (ASX:BNO, OTCQX:BNOEF), a biopharmaceutical company focused on the discovery and development of innovative therapeutics for the treatment of diseases of the central nervous system (CNS) and cancer, today announced the completion of the first milestone in its ongoing collaboration with MSD (known as Merck & Co., Inc., Kenilworth NJ, USA in the US and Canada) to develop novel candidates for treatment of cognitive dysfunction associated with Alzheimer’s disease. As part of a research collaboration and license agreement announced in June 2014 the first administration of a candidate therapy in a clinical trial triggers a US$10 million milestone payment to Bionomics. „We are excited that MSD has initiated this clinical trial evaluating a candidate developed under our cognition collaboration. This milestone provides validation of the utility of our drug discovery platform to identify high-quality candidates as well as our strategic approach to partner selected assets,” said Bionomics CEO and Managing Director, Dr. Deborah Rathjen. „The portfolio of products under our collaboration with MSD are designed to address cognitive dysfunction in important CNS indications, and Alzheimer’s disease is of chief importance among these as there remains an urgent need for new treatments.” Under the 2014 agreement, MSD funds all early-stage and clinical development of any candidate within the collaboration and is responsible for worldwide commercialization. Bionomics received US$20 million in upfront payments and is eligible to receive up to US$506 million for reaching pre-defined research and clinical development milestones, plus eventual undisclosed royalties on any product sales. FOR FURTHER INFORMATION PLEASE CONTACT: Australia Monsoon Communications Rudi Michelson +613 9620 3333 rudim@monsoon.com.au US Stern IR, Inc. Beth Del Giacco +1 212 362 1200 beth@sternir.com About Bionomics Limited Bionomics (ASX: BNO) is a global, clinical stage biopharmaceutical company leveraging its proprietary platform technologies to discover and develop a deep pipeline of best in class, novel drug candidates focused on the treatment of serious central nervous system disorders and on the treatment of cancer. Bionomics’ lead drug candidate BNC210, currently in Phase 2 for the treatment of generalized anxiety disorder and for post-traumatic stress disorder, is a novel, proprietary negative allosteric modulator of the alpha-7 (α7) nicotinic acetylcholine receptor. The Company is also developing BNC101, its lead humanized monoclonal antibody targeting a key receptor on cancer stem cells that is overexpressed in metastatic colorectal cancer, metastatic pancreatic cancer and many other solid tumours; BNC101 entered clinical trials in the first quarter of 2016. Bionomics has strategic partnerships with Merck & Co., Inc. (known as MSD outside the United States and Canada) in pain and cognition. www.bionomics.com.au Factors Affecting Future Performance This announcement contains „forward-looking” statements within the meaning of the United States’ Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Any statements contained in this announcement that relate to prospective events or developments, including, without limitation, statements made regarding Bionomics’ drug candidates (including BNC210 and BNC101), its licensing agreements with Merck & Co., Inc. and any milestone or royalty payments thereunder, drug discovery programs, ongoing and future clinical trials, and timing of the receipt of clinical data for our drug candidates are deemed to be forward-looking statements. Words such as „believes,” „anticipates,” „plans,” „expects,” „projects,” „forecasts,” „will” and similar expressions are intended to identify forward-looking statements. There are a number of important factors that could cause actual results or events to differ materially from those indicated by these forward-looking statements, including unexpected safety or efficacy data, unexpected side effects observed in clinical trials, risks related to our available funds or existing funding arrangements, our failure to introduce new drug candidates or platform technologies or obtain regulatory approvals in a timely manner or at all, regulatory changes, inability to protect our intellectual property, risks related to our international operations, our inability to integrate acquired businesses and technologies into our existing business and to our competitive advantage, as well as other factors. Results of studies performed on our drug candidates and competitors’ drugs and drug candidates may vary from those reported when tested in different settings. Subject to the requirements of any applicable legislation or the listing rules of any stock exchange on which our securities are quoted, we disclaim any intention or obligation to update any forward-looking statements as a result of developments occurring after the date of this announcement. Monsoon Communications Level 1, 121 Flinders Lane Melbourne VIC 3000 p: 03 9620 3333 e: info@monsoon.com.au w: www.monsoon.com.au This message and its attachments may contain legally privileged or confidential information. It is intended solely for the named addressee. If you are not the addressee indicated in this message (or responsible for delivery of the message to the addressee), you may not copy or deliver this message or its attachments to anyone. Rather, you should permanently delete this message and its attachments and kindly notify the sender by reply e-mail. No warranty is made that the e-mail or attachment(s) are free from computer virus or other defect. If you wish to be removed from our contact list please send an email to info@monsoon.com.au immediately. SOURCE Bionomics Limited RELATED LINKS http://www.bionomics.com.au Posted Under Uncategorized Tagged Business Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries Companies company Computing post private Technology Post navigation Promote and Improve Health and Wellness in a Natural Way with Massage Therapies from BEST RELAXATION Pharming Announces Additional Conversions of its Amortizing Bonds Search Search for: Partners US Restaurants Copyright © 2017 MilTech. Proudly powered by WordPress. | Theme: Awaken by ThemezHut.
Regulatory News Search Search Products & Services    News Releases Close Send a release Become a client For journalists Global sites Asia Brazil Canada Finland France India Israel Mexico Netherlands Sweden United States See more news releases in Biotechnology | Health Care & Hospitals | Medical Pharmaceuticals | Pharmaceuticals | Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries Bionomics to Receive Milestone Payment from MSD for Initiation of Phase 1 Clinical Study of Candidate Alzheimer's Treatment NEW YORK, Feb. 3, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- Bionomics Limited (ASX:BNO, OTCQX:BNOEF), a biopharmaceutical company focused on the discovery and development of innovative therapeutics for the treatment of diseases of the central nervous system (CNS) and cancer, today announced the completion of the first milestone in its ongoing collaboration with MSD (known as Merck & Co., Inc., Kenilworth NJ, USA in the US and Canada) to develop novel candidates for treatment of cognitive dysfunction associated with Alzheimer's disease. As part of a research collaboration and license agreement announced in June 2014 the first administration of a candidate therapy in a clinical trial triggers a US$10 million milestone payment to Bionomics. "We are excited that MSD has initiated this clinical trial evaluating a candidate developed under our cognition collaboration. This milestone provides validation of the utility of our drug discovery platform to identify high-quality candidates as well as our strategic approach to partner selected assets," said Bionomics CEO and Managing Director, Dr. Deborah Rathjen. "The portfolio of products under our collaboration with MSD are designed to address cognitive dysfunction in important CNS indications, and Alzheimer's disease is of chief importance among these as there remains an urgent need for new treatments." Under the 2014 agreement, MSD funds all early-stage and clinical development of any candidate within the collaboration and is responsible for worldwide commercialization. Bionomics received US$20 million in upfront payments and is eligible to receive up to US$506 million for reaching pre-defined research and clinical development milestones, plus eventual undisclosed royalties on any product sales. FOR FURTHER INFORMATION PLEASE CONTACT: Australia Monsoon Communications Rudi Michelson +613 9620 3333 rudim@monsoon.com.au US Stern IR, Inc. Beth Del Giacco +1 212 362 1200 beth@sternir.com About Bionomics Limited Bionomics (ASX: BNO) is a global, clinical stage biopharmaceutical company leveraging its proprietary platform technologies to discover and develop a deep pipeline of best in class, novel drug candidates focused on the treatment of serious central nervous system disorders and on the treatment of cancer. Bionomics' lead drug candidate BNC210, currently in Phase 2 for the treatment of generalized anxiety disorder and for post-traumatic stress disorder, is a novel, proprietary negative allosteric modulator of the alpha-7 (α7) nicotinic acetylcholine receptor. The Company is also developing BNC101, its lead humanized monoclonal antibody targeting a key receptor on cancer stem cells that is overexpressed in metastatic colorectal cancer, metastatic pancreatic cancer and many other solid tumours; BNC101 entered clinical trials in the first quarter of 2016. Bionomics has strategic partnerships with Merck & Co., Inc. (known as MSD outside the United States and Canada) in pain and cognition. www.bionomics.com.au Factors Affecting Future Performance This announcement contains "forward-looking" statements within the meaning of the United States' Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Any statements contained in this announcement that relate to prospective events or developments, including, without limitation, statements made regarding Bionomics' drug candidates (including BNC210 and BNC101), its licensing agreements with Merck & Co., Inc. and any milestone or royalty payments thereunder, drug discovery programs, ongoing and future clinical trials, and timing of the receipt of clinical data for our drug candidates are deemed to be forward-looking statements. Words such as "believes," "anticipates," "plans," "expects," "projects," "forecasts," "will" and similar expressions are intended to identify forward-looking statements. There are a number of important factors that could cause actual results or events to differ materially from those indicated by these forward-looking statements, including unexpected safety or efficacy data, unexpected side effects observed in clinical trials, risks related to our available funds or existing funding arrangements, our failure to introduce new drug candidates or platform technologies or obtain regulatory approvals in a timely manner or at all, regulatory changes, inability to protect our intellectual property, risks related to our international operations, our inability to integrate acquired businesses and technologies into our existing business and to our competitive advantage, as well as other factors. Results of studies performed on our drug candidates and competitors' drugs and drug candidates may vary from those reported when tested in different settings. Subject to the requirements of any applicable legislation or the listing rules of any stock exchange on which our securities are quoted, we disclaim any intention or obligation to update any forward-looking statements as a result of developments occurring after the date of this announcement. Monsoon Communications Level 1, 121 Flinders Lane Melbourne VIC 3000 p: 03 9620 3333 e: info@monsoon.com.au w: www.monsoon.com.au This message and its attachments may contain legally privileged or confidential information. It is intended solely for the named addressee. If you are not the addressee indicated in this message (or responsible for delivery of the message to the addressee), you may not copy or deliver this message or its attachments to anyone. Rather, you should permanently delete this message and its attachments and kindly notify the sender by reply e-mail. No warranty is made that the e-mail or attachment(s) are free from computer virus or other defect. If you wish to be removed from our contact list please send an email to info@monsoon.com.au immediately.   SOURCE Bionomics Limited RELATED LINKS http://www.bionomics.com.au Journalists and Bloggers Visit PR Newswire for Journalists for releases, photos and customised feeds just for media. View and download archived video content distributed by MultiVu on The Digital Center. Next in Biotechnology News   Get content for your website Enhance your website's or blog's content with PR Newswire's customised real-time news feeds. Start today.       Contact PR Newswire Send us an email at MarketingUK@prnewswire.co.uk or call us at +44 (0)20 7454 5382       Become a PR Newswire client Request more information about PR Newswire products & services or call us at +44 (0)20 7454 5382     Products & Services Knowledge Centre Browse News Releases Meet the Media Contact PR Newswire About PR Newswire Contact PR Newswire PR Newswire's Terms of Use Apply Privacy and Cookie Policy Site Map RSS Feeds Blog Copyright © 2017 PR Newswire Association LLC. All Rights Reserved. A Cisioncompany. Powered by Clickability.
Share 10 Tweet 0 Entertainment Movies TV Music Celebrity News Famous Relationships Rumors Movie Trailers Entertainment 2017-02-02 WWE News: Watch XFL ’30 For 30’ ESPN Special Stream Online, ‘This Was The XFL’ Entertainment 2017-02-02 BTS New Concept Photos Unveiled, Teaser Videos For New Album To Release Soon? Entertainment 2017-02-02 ‘Winds Of Winter’ Release Date Rumor: Book Might Come Out This Year After All Entertainment 2017-02-02 Kate Moss, 43, Gets Naked For W Magazine ‘Powerful Women’ Issue News & Politics News Politics World Education Crime Business Green News Animal News News 2017-02-03 GOP-Controlled House Overturns Obama’s Gun Rule Preventing Sales To Mentally Ill News 2017-02-03 Vacheron Constantin And Piaget Get New CEOs News 2017-02-02 Yemen Raid: What We Know About Trump’s First Major Military Operation News 2017-02-02 Trump Club Loses Suit: National Golf Club Jupiter Must Pay Former Members Sports Soccer Wrestling Basketball Football Sports Commentary Baseball Hockey MMA Wrestling 2017-02-03 WWE Planning Huge Feud For Brock Lesnar And Roman Reigns After ‘Wrestlemania 33’ Basketball 2017-02-03 Chicago Bulls Trade Rumors: Jahlil Okafor Offer Made To Philadelphia 76ers Wrestling 2017-02-03 WWE News: Goldberg To Win WWE Universal Title And Defend It At ‘WrestleMania 33’ Wrestling 2017-02-02 WWE News: ‘Wrestle Kingdom 11’ Match To Air On Cable Television Lifestyle LGBTQ Fashion Shopping Travel Food & Dining Parenting Religion Lifestyle 2017-02-02 Gwyneth Paltrow’s Goop Hits And Misses: Slammed By OB/GYN For Peddling Jade Egg Lifestyle, News 2017-01-28 Guy Fieri Helps Re-Open Planet Hollywood Restaurant At Disney Springs In Orlando [Videos] Lifestyle 2017-01-22 The Obamas’ New Digs: Check Out The Former First Family’s Possible Picks Lifestyle 2017-01-17 Donald Trump’s Childhood Home Auction Buzz: Will Trump Bid On His Old House? Health Health Health Studies Medicine Nutrition Health 2017-02-02 Sahana Khatun, 10, Becomes First Girl To Be Treated For ‘Tree Man’ Syndrome Health 2017-01-29 How PTSD Differs From Other Anxiety Disorders Health 2017-01-28 Rare Amnesia Cases In Massachusetts Likely Linked To Opioid Abuse Health 2017-01-28 Safe Injection Sites: Seattle Opening Facilities Where Drug Addicts Can Use Illegal Drugs Science & Tech Science Technology Geek Culture Gaming Space Discoveries Gadgets Gaming 2017-02-02 ‘Marvel Heroes’ Adds Beast Hero, Jubilee Team-Up In Latest Update Science 2017-02-02 Nuclear Fusion Energy News: Infinite Power By 2030 With Nuclear Fusion Reactor? Gaming 2017-02-01 Nintendo Reveals Switch Online Price, Possibility Of VR Support Gaming 2017-02-01 Nintendo NES Classic Edition Stocks And Availability To Increase Soon? BuzzWorthy Online Videos Odd News Social Media Human Interest Aliens & UFOs Theories BuzzWorthy 2017-02-02 Kiersten Miles: Nanny Donates Part Of Her Liver To Save Toddler’s Life BuzzWorthy 2017-02-02 Gang Member Slaps Dead Rival In The Face As He Lays In Casket At Funeral [Video] BuzzWorthy 2017-02-02 Texas Family Finds Rattlesnake In Toilet, 23 Other Snakes Hiding In Home BuzzWorthy 2017-02-01 Trump’s Long And Real Hair Secret? Propecia Hair-Growth Drug, Says His Doctor SUBSCRIBE Full RSS Feed Latest News Feed Entertainment News Feed Tech Feed World News Gaming Feed Sports Feed Funny & Strange Feed Health Feed Lifestyle Feed BuzzWorthy Feed Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Delivered To Your INBOX Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Email Address Or follow us online Facebook Twitter Google-plus Rss Trump, Pharma Talk Conflicts Of Interest: Invested In Celgene, Merck, Johnson And Johnson News Analysis 10 0 0 January 31, 2017 Trump, Pharma Talk Conflicts Of Interest: Invested In Celgene, Merck, Johnson And Johnson Maryam Louise While constitutionally questionable executive orders are flying out of the White House via Trump, pharma is rejoicing after their meeting on January 31 because Trump has reversed some of his ideas about how his administration will be dealing with them. At one time, Senator Bernie Sanders agreed with Trump on some of his ideas to renegotiate pricing deals with pharmaceutical companies, according to a January 13 report from CNBC. Mainly, Sanders sided with Trump because Trump stated pharma companies were “getting away with murder” by overcharging the U.S. government for medications and other supplies, according to a January 11 report from Reuters. However, Bernie Sanders likely would not agree with Donald Trump’s new plans proposed on January 31, and Trump’s change of heart toward the pharma industry could be due to his conflicts of interest — more of which might be hidden in his still-unreleased tax returns. For now, what the public does know is that Trump met on January 31 with top pharma executives that own companies Trump has invested in the recent past. For example, in November of 2016, Forbes alleged Trump owns stock in pharma companies such as “Pfizer, Merck, Celgene and GlaxoSmithKline… Procter and Gamble, and Johnson and Johnson.” Business Insider gave a complete list of Trump’s investments as of July 2015, and there were other players in the pharmaceutical industry companies mentioned such as Gilead Sciences and McKesson (an information technology and pharmaceutical distribution services company). Adding to the idea that Trump may have conflicts of interest, among the pharma attendants at Trump’s meeting on January 31, according to Reuters, were top executives at Merck, Johnson and Johnson, Celgene, Eli Lilly, Amgen, and “Switzerland’s Novartis AG as well as the head of the Pharmaceutical Research and Manufacturers of America lobbying group (PhRMA).” Trump promised to be tough on big pharma and was not which might be an indication of a conflict of interest. [Image by Chip Somodevilla/Getty Images] Business Insider gave a rundown of events, and also noted that after a hard month, pharma stocks were going up after the Trump PhRMA meeting on January 31. On December 7, 2016, Bloomberg quoted a representative of PhRMA claiming that she looks forward to a president that will give the pharmaceutical industry the power to “self-regulate on pricing” — and it appears she got her wish. Unlike some of the ideals that Bernie Sanders might agree with about the changes needed to the pharmaceutical industry, Donald Trump’s new plan is different than his old one, as told by VOX. For example, around March of 2016, Donald Trump adopted a “longstanding Democratic pledge to let Medicare negotiate bulk discounts in the price it pays for prescription drugs.” Despite this, Vox argues that on January 31, Trump reversed ideas about negotiating bulk discounts on drugs, and instead called his old ideas a version of “price fixing” that would inhibit small businesses in the pharmaceutical industry. In other words, instead of pressuring pharma to lower prices, Trump is going to give them more money by getting rid of regulations and lowering their taxes instead. A reason that there could be a “new plan” by Trump and pharma executives that favors PhRMA – and not the American people – is because Donald Trump has owned stocks in their companies in the recent past. Protesters could add Trump’s red flag of siding with Big Pharma as another excuse to denounce the president. [Image by Win McNamee/Getty Images] In fact, many of these companies are part of Trump’s stock investments, and Fortune listed pharmaceutical companies such as Celgene, Gilead Sciences, Johnson and Johnson, and McKesson in his top 14. Although Trump owned these stocks, he claims he has signed them over to his family in a “blind trust” that the Atlantic disputes is not truly “blind.” Instead, there are many opinions that Trump has and will continue to have issues with conflicts of interest regarding various industries despite denouncing that he will have conflicts of interest. Adding to the inability of the public to see through any lies that Donald Trump might put out that pertain to conflicts of interest he does not want the public to connect, Donald Trump has not officially turned in his tax returns from years past. Although it is required that a new president offers up their tax returns for scrutiny, and not doing it makes it difficult for the press to ascertain if there may be more conflicts of interest hidden behind his alleged “IRS audit” — the taxes are still not turned in even as President Trump makes executive orders. Furthermore, on January 22, Counselor Kellyanne Conway announced on behalf of President Trump that he “will not be releasing his tax returns,” according to CNN, and she also stated the following. “Our position from the campaign has not changed. [Trump] is under audit and has been advised by accountants and lawyers not to release [his tax returns].” In addition to conflicts of interest with Trump and Big Pharma, as previously reported by the Inquisitr, it is predicted that Trump’s poor bedside manner with other countries, such as Mexico or the seven countries involved in the Muslim ban, may start a trade war, according to former Mexican President Vincente Fox on January 30. [Feature Image by Andrew Harrer/Pool/Getty Images] Now Watch This: Nancy Pelosi Calls Steve Bannon A “White Supremacist” Now Read This: Mike Pence’s Black History Month Tweet Honoring A White Man Draws Flak Share 10 Tweet 0 Share 0 Share 0 Pin It 0 Author Maryam Louise Tags: amgen, bernie sanders, Business, corruption February 2, 2017 NFL Uses Lady Gaga For Hidden Agenda Ahead Of Super Bowl 2017? [Opinion] February 1, 2017 ‘Z Nation’ 2017 Season 4: Lucy Ages Fast As Show Makes Odd Promise [Opinion] Comments LATEST HEADLINES WWE Planning Huge Feud For Brock Lesnar And Roman Reigns After ‘Wrestlemania 33’ Huawei P10 Release: 2017 Flagship Arriving With ‘Plus’ & ‘Lite’ Variants? Chicago Bulls Trade Rumors: Jahlil Okafor Offer Made To Philadelphia 76ers WWE News: Goldberg To Win WWE Universal Title And Defend It At ‘WrestleMania 33’ Mike Pence’s Black History Month Tweet Honoring A White Man Draws Flak GOP-Controlled House Overturns Obama’s Gun Rule Preventing Sales To Mentally Ill Beyoncé Suffered Miscarriage, Rumored Fertility Troubles Before Conceiving Twins ‘Today’ Bumps Tamron Hall For Megyn Kelly, Is Savannah Guthrie Next? Vacheron Constantin And Piaget Get New CEOs Samsung Galaxy S8 Specs: Battery, Awkward Fingerprint Scanner Location And More Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Delivered To Your INBOX Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Email Address Or follow us online Facebook Twitter Google-plus Rss Follow Inquisitr Trending Stories WWE Opinion: WWE Has The Time And Place Set To Turn Roman Reigns Into The Biggest Heel Of All Time 44.3k 0 0 Noam Chomsky Calls For ‘Militant Labor Movement’ To Transform American Politics And Fight Trump 15.5k 0 0 Song Joong-ki, Song Hye-kyo To Reunite In February for DOTS’ First Anniversary? 5.3k 0 0 WWE News: Nikki Bella Officially Retiring, Leaving WWE After ‘WrestleMania 33’ 4.9k 0 0 Internet Personality Chris Crocker: Remixed, Revisited, And Royally Underappreciated [Opinion] 4k 0 0 WWE News: John Cena & Nikki Bella To Battle The Miz & Maryse At ‘WrestleMania 33 3.1k 0 0 Recent Videos Politics Donald Trump’s Solution To Supreme Court Gridlock Is “Go Nuclear” Politics Acting Attorney General Sally Yates Fired After Defying Travel Ban News Starbucks Will Hire 10,000 Refugees Politics One Million Petition Trump U.K. Visit Entertainment Celebrity News TV Famous Relationships Movie Trailers Movies Music Online Videos Rumors Lifestyle Shopping Travel Fashion Food & Dining Geek Culture Parenting Religion Health Health Studies Medicine Nutrition News Politics Animal News Education Green News Media Industry Odd News World South America Africa Asia Australia News Canada Europe Middle East Odd News Pics Opinion Sports Baseball Basketball Boxing Football Golf Hockey MMA NASCAR Soccer Tennis Science Discoveries Space Theories Technology Automotive Green Tech Gadgets Mobile Gaming Business Social Media Start-up BuzzWorthy Info About Advertising Write for Inquisitr Privacy Policy Contact News Partners Opposing Views Huffington Post Fark Buzz Feed Supported By DoubleClick Google Adsense Softlayer Connect Facebook Twitter Delivered To Your INBOX Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Email Address All content © 2008 - 2017 The Inquisitr News.
Skip to content MilTech pr@satprnews.com HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Main Menu Controlled Release Delivery 2017: Strengthening innovation and overcoming the challenging regulatory landscape 3 February 2017Military News (1888PressRelease) February 03, 2017 – Controlled Release Delivery 2017 will provide practical and critical discussions on the latest innovation in controlled release drug delivery. Alongside this, the conference will strengthen understanding in the latest regulatory landscape. Aimed at drug development experts and formulation specialists, the 2017 event will explore key topics such as innovations in drug delivery, nanoparticles/nanomedicine & QbD, CNS drug delivery and therapeutic application. Key presentation not to miss: Pranav Gupta, Principal Scientist from Merck & Co will be just one of the speakers presenting at this year’s show. Pranav will be presenting on ‘Formulation Design & Considerations for Optimal Drug Product Performance of Oral Controlled Release Systems’ where he will discuss the following: • Drivers for CR development & oral CR landscape over the past ten years • Key considerations for CR technology selection, pre-clinical considerations for CR assessment • Share case studies across different oral CR delivery systems highlighting critical formulation considerations to ensure optimal DP performance • Discuss emerging technologies for oral CR development Also speaking at the conference includes controlled release experts from: Novartis Institutes for BioMedical Research, Janssen, GSK, Boehringer Ingelheim, Actelion, Merrion Pharmaceuticals and more… Some 2017 Highlights include: • Novartis optimise the success of biopharmaceutical approaches for controlled release delivery • Can lipid suspensions improve oral bioavailability? Answers from Janssen • Insights into the opportunities and limitations to improving solubility and bioavailability with Actelion • Hear InnoCore Pharmaceuticals discuss microparticles and hydrogels for parenteral drug delivery • Explore formulation design and optimal drug product performance of oral controlled release systems with Merck A full speaker line-up and detailed conference agenda is available to download online at www.controlledreleasedelivery.com/1888 . For those looking to attend, there is currently a £100 discount available which expires on 28th February 2017. Controlled Release Delivery Strengthening innovation and overcoming the challenging regulatory landscape 3rd & 4th April 2017 London, UK www.controlledreleasedelivery.com/1888 Contact Information: For all media enquiries contact Zoe Gale on Tel: +44 (0)20 7827 6032 / Email: zgale ( @ ) smi-online dot co dot uk To register for the conference, visit www.controlledreleasedelivery.com/1888 or contact Ameenah Begum for group bookings on Tel: +44 (0)20 7827 6166 / Email: abegum ( @ ) smi-online dot co dot uk To sponsor, speak or exhibit at the conference, contact Alia Malick on Tel: +44 (0)20 7827 6168 / Email: amalick ( @ ) smi-online dot co dot uk About SMi Group: Established since 1993, the SMi Group is a global event-production company that specializes in Business-to-Business Conferences, Workshops, Masterclasses and online Communities. We create and deliver events in the Defence, Security, Energy, Utilities, Finance and Pharmaceutical industries. We pride ourselves on having access to the world’s most forward thinking opinion leaders and visionaries, allowing us to bring our communities together to Learn, Engage, Share and Network. More information can be found at http://www.smi-online.co.uk ### Posted Under Uncategorized Tagged Business Companies company defence engage Industry Technology Uncategorized World Post navigation US EPA Issues Final Rule for Formaldehyde Emissions Standard in Composite Wood Products Nashville Church of Scientology Brings People of Faith Together in Unity Controlled Release Delivery 2017: Strengthening innovation and overcoming the challenging regulatory landscape 3 February 2017Military News (1888PressRelease) February 03, 2017 – Controlled Release Delivery 2017 will provide practical and critical discussions on the latest innovation in controlled release drug delivery. Alongside this, the conference will strengthen understanding in the latest regulatory landscape. Aimed at drug development experts and formulation specialists, the 2017 event will explore key topics such as innovations in drug delivery, nanoparticles/nanomedicine & QbD, CNS drug delivery and therapeutic application. Key presentation not to miss: Pranav Gupta, Principal Scientist from Merck & Co will be just one of the speakers presenting at this year’s show. Pranav will be presenting on ‘Formulation Design & Considerations for Optimal Drug Product Performance of Oral Controlled Release Systems’ where he will discuss the following: • Drivers for CR development & oral CR landscape over the past ten years • Key considerations for CR technology selection, pre-clinical considerations for CR assessment • Share case studies across different oral CR delivery systems highlighting critical formulation considerations to ensure optimal DP performance • Discuss emerging technologies for oral CR development Also speaking at the conference includes controlled release experts from: Novartis Institutes for BioMedical Research, Janssen, GSK, Boehringer Ingelheim, Actelion, Merrion Pharmaceuticals and more… Some 2017 Highlights include: • Novartis optimise the success of biopharmaceutical approaches for controlled release delivery • Can lipid suspensions improve oral bioavailability? Answers from Janssen • Insights into the opportunities and limitations to improving solubility and bioavailability with Actelion • Hear InnoCore Pharmaceuticals discuss microparticles and hydrogels for parenteral drug delivery • Explore formulation design and optimal drug product performance of oral controlled release systems with Merck A full speaker line-up and detailed conference agenda is available to download online at www.controlledreleasedelivery.com/1888 . For those looking to attend, there is currently a £100 discount available which expires on 28th February 2017. Controlled Release Delivery Strengthening innovation and overcoming the challenging regulatory landscape 3rd & 4th April 2017 London, UK www.controlledreleasedelivery.com/1888 Contact Information: For all media enquiries contact Zoe Gale on Tel: +44 (0)20 7827 6032 / Email: zgale ( @ ) smi-online dot co dot uk To register for the conference, visit www.controlledreleasedelivery.com/1888 or contact Ameenah Begum for group bookings on Tel: +44 (0)20 7827 6166 / Email: abegum ( @ ) smi-online dot co dot uk To sponsor, speak or exhibit at the conference, contact Alia Malick on Tel: +44 (0)20 7827 6168 / Email: amalick ( @ ) smi-online dot co dot uk About SMi Group: Established since 1993, the SMi Group is a global event-production company that specializes in Business-to-Business Conferences, Workshops, Masterclasses and online Communities. We create and deliver events in the Defence, Security, Energy, Utilities, Finance and Pharmaceutical industries. We pride ourselves on having access to the world’s most forward thinking opinion leaders and visionaries, allowing us to bring our communities together to Learn, Engage, Share and Network. More information can be found at http://www.smi-online.co.uk ### Posted Under Uncategorized Tagged Business Companies company defence engage Industry Technology Uncategorized World Post navigation US EPA Issues Final Rule for Formaldehyde Emissions Standard in Composite Wood Products Nashville Church of Scientology Brings People of Faith Together in Unity Search Search for: Partners US Restaurants Copyright © 2017 MilTech. Proudly powered by WordPress. | Theme: Awaken by ThemezHut.
Skip to content MilTech pr@satprnews.com HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Main Menu Dow Jones Industrial Average Slips Ahead of Jobs Report; S&amp;P 500 Outperforms 3 February 2017Military News Shutterstock photo The  Dow Jones Industrial Average (DJIA) traded in a tight 91-point range — exploring both sides of breakeven — as traders parsed over several geopolitical developments emerging out of D.C. and digested another solid jobs report ahead of tomorrow’s nonfarm payrolls data. While the Dow couldn’t keep its head above water — even with a positive earnings reaction for Merck & Co., Inc. ( MRK ) — and the Nasdaq Composite (COMP) followed Facebook Inc’s ( FB ) post-earnings path lower, the S&P 500 Index (SPX) outperformed its peers, eking out a modest gain. Continue reading for more on today’s market, including: The skepticism that could help send social media stocks to higher highs. What this rare bullish signal could mean for Apple Inc. ( AAPL ). A low-risk options strategy for high-volatility stocks . Plus, Macy’s buyout rumors, one brokerage firm’s worst day in eight years, and 3 healthcare stocks that made big moves. The  Dow Jones Industrial Average (DJIA –  19,884.91) shed 6 points, or 0.03%. The 14 Dow winners were led by MRK, which gained 3.3%. The 16 decliners were paced by Caterpillar Inc. ( CAT ), which dropped 1.4%. The  S&P 500 Index (SPX – 2,280.85) managed to eke out a gain of 1.3 points, or 0.06%. The Nasdaq Composite (COMP – 5,636.20)  ended down 6.5 points, or 0.1%. The  CBOE Volatility Index (VIX – 11.93) added 0.1 point, or 1%. 5 Items on Our Radar Today Speaking at the National Prayer Breakfast this morning, President Donald Trump said he would “totally destroy” the Johnson Amendment , which bars all tax-exempt nonprofits — including religious institutions — from donating to political activities and campaigns. Trump went on to say that he supports abolishing the amendment so that religious leaders can “speak freely and without fear of retribution.” (The Washington Post) Conservative  French presidential candidate Francois Fillon is being urged by some lawmakers to drop out of the race, as accusations of financial improprieties mar the candidate’s campaign. Investigations by French authorities are currently underway, though Fillon denies any wrongdoing. (Reuters) The  buyout rumors that sent Macy’s Inc ( M ) higher. After one rival cut trade commissions, this brokerage firm had its worst day in eight years. 3  healthcare stocks that made big moves. Data courtesy of Trade-Alert Commodities March-dated crude futures fell 34 cents, or 0.6%, to finish the day at $53.54 per barrel. Black gold made early gains as U.S.-Iran tensions mounted, but continued concerns over rising U.S. stockpiles eventually pushed crude oil lower for the day. April-dated gold futures closed up $11.10, or 0.9%, at $1,219.40 per ounce — its highest settlement since Nov. 16. The precious metal rose as increasing geopolitical anxiety heightened its safe-haven appeal. Stay on top of overnight news & big morning movers. Sign up now for Schaeffer’s Opening View. The views and opinions expressed herein are the views and opinions of the author and do not necessarily reflect those of Nasdaq, Inc. Posted Under Uncategorized Tagged Companies Markets post radar Uncategorized Post navigation Microsoft, Google and IBM Surge in Public Cloud is at Expense of Smaller Providers A Low-Risk Options Strategy for High-Volatility Stocks Search Search for: Partners US Restaurants Copyright © 2017 MilTech. Proudly powered by WordPress. | Theme: Awaken by ThemezHut.
null
Post Profile for Your Business      Submit Press Release Join Now     Sign In   Businesses Articles Press Releases   Business Directory Products & Services Jobs Recent Press Releases Press Release Pricing Submit Press Release Businesses Products & Services Products Services Press Releases Jobs Press Release Pricing | News by Category | News by Country | News by US Region | Recent News | PR.com News on Your Site   Press Releases   Market Research Hub Press Release Receive press releases from Market Research Hub: By Email RSS Feeds: Psoriasis Treatment Market Precise Industry Analysis and Growth Trends Forecasted for 2016 to 2024, TMR Study Report presents a brief overview of the global market along with psoriasis treatment .It also provides information and data analysis of the global market with respect to the segments based on products, distribution channel, therapy type and geography. Albany, NY, February 03, 2017 --(PR.com)-- The global market for psoriasis treatment demonstrates a highly competitive landscape, especially due to the rising investments in the field of psoriasis treatment connected to research and development as stated in the latest report from Transparency Market Research. This study has been recently added to the wide portfolio of Market Research Hub’s research studies. The title of the report is ‘Psoriasis Treatment Market 2016-2024 Global Industry Trends and Forecast’. According to TMR estimations, the opportunities in the global market for psoriasis treatment is anticipated to grow at a CAGR of 5.10% during the forecast period of 2016 to 2024. Request for Sample Report: http://www.marketresearchhub.com/enquiry.php?type=S&repid=931750 In the initial section, the report presents a brief overview of the global market along with psoriasis treatment snapshot. A detailed qualitative analysis of drivers & restraints as well as opportunities has been provided in this section. Psoriasis is a persistent autoimmune skin disease which is not contagious. It majorly affects both the skin and joints of the person who is affected by this disease. Psoriasis generally causes the skin of the individual to become red, itchy and scaly. Doctors and dermatologists perform many clinical trials to find the treatment most appropriate and most effective for the patient. Treatment decisions are based on the type of psoriasis, severity, patient's age, sex, quality of life and objections about particular treatments. Furthermore, the market has been segmented on the basis of product type, therapy types, by distribution channel and by regions. The current market for treatment of psoriasis is above $3 billion dollars and it includes systemic therapeutic drugs, topical treatments and biologics. Among these, biologics have shown strong benefit in psoriasis. Also, the FDA approval of new biologics is prompting key companies to invest heavily in research and development of psoriasis therapies. By product, it is classified into TNF inhibitors, Vitamin D Analogues or combinations, and interleukin blockers. In addition to this, TNF inhibitors have emerged as the most demanded product in this market. Browse Full Report with TOC: http://www.marketresearchhub.com/report/psoriasis-treatment-market-global-industry-analysis-size-share-growth-trends-and-forecast-2016-2024-report.html. Currently, the major drivers for the market of psoriasis treatment are: Increase in the number of psoriasis patients Approval of new biologics Increase in access to treatment in developing markets Novel Pipeline Drugs In terms of geography, the global market has been categorized into five regions such as North America, Asia-Pacific, Europe, Latin America and MEA. The augmented demand for psoriasis treatment products is likely to reflect positively on this regional market in the coming years. Related Reports: Japan Proton Therapy Market, Forecast, Reimbursement Policies & Patients Treated at Centers- http://www.marketresearchhub.com/report/japan-proton-therapy-market-forecast-reimbursement-policies-patients-treated-at-centers-report.html United States Congestive Heart Failure (CHF) Treatment Devices Market Report 2017- http://www.marketresearchhub.com/report/united-states-congestive-heart-failure-chf-treatment-devices-market-report-2017-report.html Major players profiled in this report include Amgen Inc., Eli Lilly and Company, Novartis AG, Johnson & Johnson, LEO Pharma A/S, Merck & Co., Inc., Pfizer, Inc., AstraZeneca, AbbVie Inc., and Biogen. Various attributes of these key players such as financial overview, business strategies, product portfolio, recent developments and SWOT analysis are also highlighted in the report. About Market Research Hub Market Research Hub (MRH) is a next-generation reseller of research reports and analysis. MRH’s expansive collection of Market Research Reports has been carefully curated to help key personnel and decision makers across industry verticals to clearly visualize their operating environment and take strategic steps. MRH functions as an integrated platform for the following products and services: Objective and sound market forecasts, qualitative and quantitative analysis, incisive insight into defining industry trends, and market share estimates. Our reputation lies in delivering value and world-class capabilities to our clients. Contact Us 90 State Street Albany, NY 12207 United States Toll Free: 866-997-4948 (US-Canada) Tel : +1-518-621-2074 Email : press@marketresearchhub.com Website : http://www.marketresearchhub.com/ Follow us on LinkedIn: https://www.linkedin.com/company/market-research-hub Contact Information Market Research Hub Sudip Saha 866-997-4948 Contact www.marketresearchhub.com/ Click here to view the list of recent Press Releases from Market Research Hub Promote Your Business Affiliate Program Link To Us Email this page to a friend PR.com Contact Us About Us Terms of Use Help
Post Profile for Your Business      Submit Press Release Join Now     Sign In   Businesses Articles Press Releases   Business Directory Products & Services Jobs Recent Press Releases Press Release Pricing Submit Press Release Businesses Products & Services Products Services Press Releases Jobs Press Release Pricing | News by Category | News by Country | News by US Region | Recent News | PR.com News on Your Site   Press Releases   iHealthcareAnalyst, Inc. Press Release Receive press releases from iHealthcareAnalyst, Inc.: By Email RSS Feeds: Global Contraceptive Drugs and Devices Market Analysis: Size, Share, Growth Trends and Forecast to 2020, New Findings by iHealthcareAnalyst, Inc. Contraceptive Drugs and Devices Market by Drug Type (Oral Pills, Injectable Drugs and Topical Drugs), and Device Type (Diaphragms - Cervical Cap or Shield, Female Condoms, Intrauterine Devices, Male Condoms, Non-Surgical Permanent Devices, Sponges, Sub-Dermal Implants, and Vaginal Rings) 2016-2020. Maryland Heights, MO, February 03, 2017 --(PR.com)-- The global contraceptive drugs and devices market to reach nearly USD 15.3 Billion in 2020, at a CAGR of 3.5% from 2016 to 2020, due to unmet need and favorable provisions under the affordable care act. Browse Contraceptive Drugs and Devices Market by Drug Type (Oral Pills, Injectable Drugs and Topical Drugs), and Device Type (Diaphragms - Cervical Cap or Shield, Female Condoms, Intrauterine Devices, Male Condoms, Non-Surgical Permanent Devices, Sponges, Sub-Dermal Implants, and Vaginal Rings) 2016-2020 at https://www.ihealthcareanalyst.com/report/contraceptives-drugs-devices-market/. The effective contraceptive methods of birth control include intrauterine and implantable birth control devices followed by a number of hormone based methods including oral pills, patches, vaginal rings, and injections. These devices also prevent spreading of sexually transmitted infection. Some of the products such as male condoms and female condoms also help in preventing sexually transmitted infections. Other methods include physical barriers such as condoms, diaphragms and birth control sponges. Different types of contraceptive drugs and devices or birth control methods have large differences in effectiveness, actions required of users, and side effects. The global contraceptive drugs and devices market report estimates the market size (Revenue USD million - 2013 to 2020) for key market segments based on the drug type (oral pills, injectable drugs and topical drugs), device type (diaphragms - cervical cap or shield, female condoms, intrauterine devices, male condoms, non-surgical permanent devices, sponges, sub-dermal implants, and vaginal rings), and forecasts growth trends (CAGR% - 2016 to 2020). The global contraceptive drugs and devices market research report is further segmented by geography (regional and country based) into North America (U.S., Canada), Latin America (Brazil, Mexico, Rest of LA), Europe (U.K., Germany, France, Italy, Spain, Rest of EU), Asia Pacific (Japan, China, India, Rest of APAC), and Rest of the World. The global contraceptive drugs and devices market report also provides the detailed market landscape (market drivers, restraints, opportunities), market attractiveness analysis and profiles of major competitors in the global market including company overview, financial snapshot, key products, technologies and services offered, and recent developments. Major players operating in the global contraceptive drugs and devices market and included in this report are Actavis, Inc., Bayer AG, Church & Dwight, Co., Inc., Cooper Surgical, Inc., Mayer Laboratories, Inc., Merck & Co., Inc., Pfizer, Inc., Reckitt Benckiser PLC, Teva Pharmaceutical Industries Ltd. and The Female Health Company. To request Table of Contents and Sample Pages of this report visit: https://www.ihealthcareanalyst.com/report/contraceptives-drugs-devices-market/. About Us iHealthcareAnalyst, Inc. is a global healthcare market research and consulting company providing market analysis, and competitive intelligence services to global clients. The company publishes syndicate, custom and consulting grade healthcare reports covering animal healthcare, biotechnology, clinical diagnostics, healthcare informatics, healthcare services, medical devices, medical equipment, and pharmaceuticals. In addition to multi-client studies, we offer creative consulting services and conduct proprietary single-client assignments targeted at client’s specific business objectives, information needs, time frame and budget. Please contact us to receive a proposal for a proprietary single-client study. Contact Us iHealthcareAnalyst, Inc. 2109, Mckelvey Hill Drive Maryland Heights, MO 63043 United States Email: sales@ihealthcareanalyst.com Website: https://www.ihealthcareanalyst.com Contact Information iHealthcareAnalyst, Inc. Ana Aitawa (314) 500-7508 Contact https://www.ihealthcareanalyst.com/ Click here to view the list of recent Press Releases from iHealthcareAnalyst, Inc. Promote Your Business Affiliate Program Link To Us Email this page to a friend PR.com Contact Us About Us Terms of Use Help

Photos Videos Topics Live Cricket Score Home India Mumbai Delhi World Business Technology Sports Entertainment Lifestyle Education & Careers TRENDING# Budget 2017 Arun Jaitley Kaabil Raees Donald Trump Home Health Reuters Health News Summary Shares1 Fri, 3 Feb 2017-10:29am , Reuters UK agency says Pfizer breast cancer drug too expensive Pfizer's breast cancer drug Ibrance, or palbociclib, is too expensive to justify its use on Britain's state-run health service, the country's healthcare cost-effectiveness watchdog said on Friday. Following is a summary of current health news briefs. UK agency says Pfizer breast cancer drug too expensive Pfizer's breast cancer drug Ibrance, or palbociclib, is too expensive to justify its use on Britain's state-run health service, the country's healthcare cost-effectiveness watchdog said on Friday. The National Institute for Health and Care Excellence (NICE) said in draft guidance that although the medicine was likely to offer some improvement in overall survival, this could not be quantified from clinical trials. Maternity, paternity leave rates in the U.S. remain low The proportion of U.S. women taking maternity leave has remained about the same for the past two decades, according to a new study. Laws mandating paid leave in four states and an expanding national economy have had no impact on the proportion of working women who take maternity leave, which remains at about 678 per 10,000 births, an economist reports in the American Journal of Public Health. Hungary orders all poultry to be kept inside to contain bird flu Hungary's chief veterinarian has issued an order that all poultry must be kept inside after the bird flu virus spread to 11 counties and more than 3 million birds had to be culled. The food safety authority NEBIH said in a statement on Thursday the aim was to limit the possibility of contact between wildfowl and poultry stock. U.S. House panel to take up bill to spur generic drug development A U.S. House of Representatives subcommittee will take up bipartisan legislation next week to foster generic drug development, the committee's chairman, Representative Greg Walden, said on Thursday. "President (Donald) Trump made it clear ... he wants competition to lower drug prices, and that is precisely what this measure will help accomplish," Walden, a Republican from Oregon, said at a health subcommittee hearing. Fat shaming tied to increased risk of metabolic problems Obese people who feel stigmatized about their size are not only more likely to struggle with weight loss, they're also more likely to develop cardiovascular disease and metabolic disorders, a new study suggests. In many cultures, people who are obese are viewed as stereotypically lazy, lacking in willpower, incompetent, unattractive and personally responsible for their excess weight, researchers note in the journal Obesity. These negative beliefs, known as weight bias, can cause obese people to experience discrimination, which is in turn associated with an increased risk of "internalizing disorders" like depression, anxiety and low self-esteem, previous research has found. Opioid addiction implant maker Braeburn Pharma pulls IPO Braeburn Pharmaceuticals Inc, the maker of the first long-acting implant to treat opioid addiction in the United States, said on Thursday that it had decided not to proceed with its initial public offering, citing current market environment. The company, which filed to go public in late December, was expected to offer about 7.7 million shares in the price range of $18-$21 per share. http://bit.ly/2jAS1vV Amgen cholesterol drug succeeds in cutting serious heart problems: study Amgen Inc said its potent cholesterol fighter Repatha significantly reduced the risk of heart attacks, strokes and death in patients with heart disease, according to initial results of a large, eagerly-anticipated trial released on Thursday. The data should pave the way for greater acceptance by health insurers and pharmacy benefit managers, who have been rejecting about 75 percent of prescriptions written for the expensive medicine despite multiple appeals by physicians. No new safety problems cropped up in the 27,500 patient study called Fourier, Amgen said. It also said Repatha's effect on mental function was similar to placebo, likely alleviating concerns that it might impair cognition in some patients. U.S. FDA approves Bristol-Myers' Opdivo for bladder cancer The U.S. Food and Drug Administration on Thursday expanded the use of Bristol-Myers Squibb Co's Opdivo to include treatment of urothelial carcinoma, the most common type of bladder cancer. Opdivo, part of a new class of medicines designed to use the body's own immune system to fight cancer, is already approved to treat advanced melanoma, a form of lung cancer, kidney cancer, and Hodgkin lymphoma. 'Heading' in soccer may lead to concussion symptoms Purposely "heading" a soccer ball may lead to concussion symptoms despite research suggesting those issues mainly arise from accidental knocks to the head, according to a new study. While amateur soccer players were at an increased risk of concussion-like symptoms from colliding with each other and objects, they also had an increased risk for those symptoms if they often used their head to hit the ball - an action known as heading. Merck 2017 forecast reassuring; full-speed ahead with Keytruda Merck & Co Inc, faced with patent expirations and increasing development costs for its high-profile Keytruda cancer immunotherapy, reassured investors on Thursday with a 2017 profit forecast roughly in line with Wall Street expectations. Shares of Merck were up nearly 3 percent at $63.90 after the U.S. drugmaker also reported fourth-quarter earnings that matched analysts' expectations. (This article has not been edited by DNA's editorial team and is auto-generated from an agency feed.) TOP TOP   Comments   Also Read Health Health outlay gets 28% boost Health Budget 2017 | Govt committed to eliminating black fever, filariasis, leprosy, measles: Arun Jaitley Health Litchis behind mysterious child deaths in Bihar: Study Health Did you know? TV has potential for enhanced therapy Health Conquering the scale, and scaling mountain peaks Health Life expectancy up, but no let up in infant mortality Video Shocking: Man climbs fence to avoid paying zoo ticket, gets mauled to death by tiger Balancing Act: Watch Vietnamese circus artist brothers smash an INSANE Guinness World Record ‘Backpack Challenge’ is the new teen craze taking over social media View all Tags Greg Walden Hungary Pfizer American Journal American Journal of Public Health Donald Nice Oregon UK United States U. S. House of Representatives U. S. FDA U. S. Food and Drug Administration Amgen Inc Merck Britain Care Excellence Co Inc Drug Administration Fourier Hodgkin National Institute National Institute for Health and Care Excellence Public Health Trump U. S. Food Wall Street SITE INDEX About DNA Contact us Advertise Reprint Rights News The single judge's order had come on appeals by RTI UPDATE 3-South Korea's presidential Blue House blocks search amid graft probe South Korea's presidential Blue House blocks search amid graft probe LS proceedings disrupted HIGHLIGHTS-EU leaders comments at summit in Malta Sport UPDATE 1-Golf-Back spasm forces Woods withdrawal from Dubai event Kevin Pietersen pulls out of IPL-10 owing to excess cricket Kohli is enemy No.1 but sledging will backfire: Hussey NBA-Highlights of Thursday's NBA games IND vs AUS: Mike Hussey warns Australia to avoid angering Virat Kohli Entertainment SC to hear 'Jolly LLB-2' matter on Feb. 7 FINALLY! Akshay Kumar BREAKS SILENCE on having ISSUES with Priyanka Chopra Outsiders can't afford to do ordinary work in Bollywood: Vidyut WATCH | 'Hare Krishna Hare Ram' from 'Commando 2': Vidyut Jammwal gives an energetic TWIST to the song! This has deeply affected me: Priyanka on Trump immigration ban Money Steel prices remain steady in thin trade Gram, its dal fall on subdued demand Select base metals slide on muted demand Companies spend over Rs 18,600 cr towards CSR in 2 years Wheat extends losses on ample stocks Partner site: Zee News ©2017 Diligent Media Corporation Ltd.
Sections Nightly News MSNBC Meet the Press Dateline Today Search Search Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on Google Plus Email page link Secondary Navigation Sections U.S. World Local Politics Investigations Health Mach Tech Science Pop Culture Lifestyle Business Weather Sports Latino Asian America NBCBLK NBC OUT Top Ongoing Dakota Pipeline Protests Super Bowl TV Nightly News Meet The Press Dateline Today Featured NBC News VR Your Business Inspiring America NBCBLK28 Multimedia Video Photo More From NBC Sports CNBC MSNBC.com NBC.com NBC Learn Re/Code Peacock Productions Next Steps for Vets Parent Toolkit NBC News works best with JavaScript turned on Feedback advertisement advertisement Business Business News Consumer Travel Economy Personal Finance Markets Business Jan 31 2017, 10:33 am ET Trump Tells Drugmakers to Manufacture in the U.S. by Dan Mangan, CNBC Share Share Tweet Share Comment Email Print advertisement Play Facebook Twitter Google Plus Embed Trump Calls for Lower Drug Prices During Pharma Meeting 1:37 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog <iframe src="http://www.nbcnews.com/widget/video-embed/866677315696" width="560" height="315" frameborder="0" allowfullscreen></iframe> President Donald Trump, during a meeting with leading drugmakers at the White House on Tuesday, called on them to produce their pharmaceuticals in the United States and said that he wanted to control "astronomical" drug prices. Trump also blasted foreign countries, which he said have been "freeloading" on the United States with price controls that limit what their own citizens can be charged for medications. "We have to get the prices down," Trump said. "We have to get the prices way down." "We have to get lower prices, we have to get even better innovation, and I want you to move your companies back to the United States," Trump said. "I want you to manufacture in the United States." Related: What's to Blame for High Drug Costs? Trump also said he wanted to make it easier for pharmaceutical companies to win regulatory approval for their products. "You're going to get your prices either approved, or not approved," the president said. "But it's going to be a quick process. It's not going to take 15 years." The meeting included the CEOs of Merck, Amgen, Eli Lilly, Novartis, Johnson & Johnson, as well as the head of the trade group PhRMA. In remarks to reporters while flanked by those CEOs, Trump said, "The U.S. drug companies have produced extraordinary results for our country, but the prices have been astronomical for our country." Dan Mangan, CNBC Email Topics Business News, Health news First Published Jan 31 2017, 10:33 am ET Next Story Amid H-1B Visa Lawsuit, Harley-Davidson Execs Roll up to the White House advertisement advertisement advertisement About Us Careers Contact Privacy Policy New Terms of Service nbcnews.com Site Map Advertise AdChoices © 2017 NBCnews.com
