Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Merck & Co. Inc. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Merck & Co. Inc. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Traders Buy AFLAC Incorporated (AFL) on Weakness Following Insider Selling Traders Buy Shares of Merck & Co., Inc. (MRK) on Weakness Following Insider Selling Short Interest in AAC Holdings Inc (AAC) Decreases By 0.1% Aaron's, Inc. (AAN) Short Interest Up 0.7% in March JPMorgan Chase & Co. Analysts Give Assicurazioni Generali SpA (G) a €16.50 Price Target Credit Suisse Group AG Reiterates “Hold” Rating for Credit Acceptance Corp. (CACC) Cantor Fitzgerald Reiterates Buy Rating for Cidara Therapeutics Inc (CDTX) Invesco Ltd. (IVZ) Given “Hold” Rating at Credit Suisse Group AG Oaktree Capital Group LLC (OAK) Lifted to B- at TheStreet Davita Inc (DVA) Raised to “B-” at TheStreet BMO Capital Markets Analysts Give Teck Resources Ltd (TECK.B) a C$41.00 Price Target BMO Capital Markets Analysts Give Teck Resources Ltd (TECK.B) a C$41.00 Price Target Hudbay Minerals Inc (HBM) PT Lowered to C$11.00 at Canaccord Genuity Benchmark Co. Reaffirms “Buy” Rating for InVitae Corp (NVTA) -$0.10 Earnings Per Share Expected for MINDBODY Inc (MB) This Quarter 8Point3 Energy Partners LP (CAFD) Expected to Announce Earnings of $0.26 Per Share Foundation Medicine Inc (FMI) Raised to Hold at Zacks Investment Research Granite Real Estate (GRP.U) Downgraded by Zacks Investment Research Invesco Ltd. (IVZ) Receives Buy Rating from Jefferies Group LLC Zacks: Addus Homecare Co. (ADUS) Receives Average Rating of “Buy” from Analysts Traders Buy Shares of Merck & Co., Inc. (MRK) on Weakness Following Insider Selling April 6th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Tyrone Williams Filed Under: Finance - Price Articles Tweet Investors purchased shares of Merck & Co., Inc. (NYSE:MRK) on weakness during trading hours on Wednesday following insider selling activity. $127.10 million flowed into the stock on the tick-up and $62.54 million flowed out of the stock on the tick-down, for a money net flow of $64.56 million into the stock. Of all equities tracked, Merck & Co. had the highest net in-flow for the day. Merck & Co. traded down ($0.10) for the day and closed at $63.57Specifically, Director Wendell P. Weeks sold 5,000 shares of the stock in a transaction that occurred on Monday, February 6th. The shares were sold at an average price of $64.51, for a total value of $322,550.00. Following the sale, the director now directly owns 5,100 shares in the company, valued at $329,001. The transaction was disclosed in a document filed with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which can be accessed through the SEC website. Also, EVP Michael J. Holston sold 91,959 shares of the stock in a transaction that occurred on Friday, February 3rd. The shares were sold at an average price of $63.96, for a total transaction of $5,881,697.64. Following the completion of the sale, the executive vice president now owns 105,559 shares in the company, valued at $6,751,553.64. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Insiders sold 160,809 shares of company stock worth $10,261,846 over the last quarter. Company insiders own 0.05% of the company’s stock. MRK has been the topic of a number of analyst reports. Bryan, Garnier & Co initiated coverage on shares of Merck & Co. in a research report on Friday, January 13th. They set a “buy” rating on the stock. Vetr lowered shares of Merck & Co. from a “sell” rating to a “strong sell” rating and set a $52.27 target price on the stock. in a research report on Tuesday, December 27th. Jefferies Group LLC lowered shares of Merck & Co. from a “hold” rating to an “underperform” rating and set a $48.00 target price on the stock. in a research report on Monday, December 19th. Leerink Swann restated a “market perform” rating on shares of Merck & Co. in a research report on Monday, March 20th. Finally, JPMorgan Chase & Co. restated a “buy” rating on shares of Merck & Co. in a research report on Wednesday, January 11th. One analyst has rated the stock with a sell rating, seven have issued a hold rating and eleven have issued a buy rating to the company. The stock currently has an average rating of “Buy” and an average target price of $67.72. The firm’s 50-day moving average price is $64.68 and its 200 day moving average price is $62.48. The company has a market cap of $173.63 billion, a P/E ratio of 44.85 and a beta of 0.79. Merck & Co. (NYSE:MRK) last released its earnings results on Thursday, February 2nd. The company reported $0.89 EPS for the quarter, topping analysts’ consensus estimates of $0.89 by $0.00. Merck & Co. had a net margin of 14.30% and a return on equity of 24.08%. The business had revenue of $10.10 billion for the quarter, compared to the consensus estimate of $10.22 billion. During the same period in the previous year, the firm earned $0.93 EPS. The business’s revenue for the quarter was down 1.0% on a year-over-year basis. Equities research analysts expect that Merck & Co., Inc. will post $3.81 earnings per share for the current year. The firm also recently announced a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Friday, April 7th. Investors of record on Wednesday, March 15th will be issued a $0.47 dividend. The ex-dividend date of this dividend is Monday, March 13th. This represents a $1.88 dividend on an annualized basis and a dividend yield of 2.97%. Merck & Co.’s payout ratio is currently 92.61%. Hedge funds have recently added to or reduced their stakes in the company. Blume Capital Management Inc. increased its stake in Merck & Co. by 14.0% in the third quarter. Blume Capital Management Inc. now owns 1,710 shares of the company’s stock worth $107,000 after buying an additional 210 shares during the last quarter. Intellectus Partners LLC acquired a new stake in Merck & Co. during the fourth quarter worth approximately $103,000. Roble Belko & Company Inc increased its stake in Merck & Co. by 16.6% in the third quarter. Roble Belko & Company Inc now owns 2,102 shares of the company’s stock worth $131,000 after buying an additional 300 shares during the last quarter. NewSquare Capital LLC increased its stake in Merck & Co. by 3.9% in the third quarter. NewSquare Capital LLC now owns 2,187 shares of the company’s stock worth $137,000 after buying an additional 83 shares during the last quarter. Finally, Mascoma Wealth Management LLC acquired a new stake in Merck & Co. during the fourth quarter worth approximately $135,000. Institutional investors and hedge funds own 74.10% of the company’s stock. ILLEGAL ACTIVITY NOTICE: This piece of content was first reported by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are reading this piece of content on another website, it was illegally copied and republished in violation of US and international copyright & trademark laws. The correct version of this piece of content can be viewed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/04/06/traders-buy-shares-of-merck-co-inc-mrk-on-weakness-following-insider-selling.html. Merck & Co. Company Profile Merck & Co, Inc is a global healthcare company. The Company offers health solutions through its prescription medicines, vaccines, biologic therapies and animal health products. It operates through four segments: Pharmaceutical, Animal Health, Healthcare Services and Alliances. The Company’s Pharmaceutical segment includes human health pharmaceutical and vaccine products marketed either directly by the Company or through joint ventures. Receive News & Ratings for Merck & Co. Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Merck & Co. Inc. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Susan Rice Denies leaking Names of Officials in Intelligence Reports Senate Facing Showdown over Nomination of Neil Gorsuch Ex-Trump Advisor Michael Flynn Seeking Immunity Challenges on Rollback of Climate Policies to Come President Trump Creating American Innovation Office © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
First Name: Last Name: Username: Email: Username Password Remember Me Username: Email: Back to Login    Home Member Login Signup About Contact Fri April 7, 2017 07:04AM "We make every effort to see that our actions live up to our words and be vigilant with regards to our behavior." - Thomas Sankara On the re-opening of SLPP Office … “We would never encourage violence” John Benjamin... Adverts Business & Finance Editorial Awoko Tok Tok Entertainment Features News Sports Sierra Leone News: Support to infertility care and training Merck(www.MerckGroup.com), a science and technology company through its “Merck More than a Mother” initiative in partnership with Asia Pacific Initiative on Reproduction (ASPIRE), conducted a panel to address challenges and solutions to improve access to regulated fertility care in Africa and Asia. The high level panel discussion of policy makers and international fertility experts held during the 7th annual Congress of ASPIRE in Malaysia also focused on exploring opportunities to collaborate with Asian Fertility Societies in order to build cost effective and safe fertility care capacity in Africa and developing countries. After the success of the collaboration between ‘Merck More than a Mother’ and Indian and Indonesian fertility experts to provide practical embryology training, Merck will connect Africa with Asia to provide more opportunities for building capacity and interventions to empower infertile women and couples. Sierra Leone’s Minister State of Health and Sanitation Hon. Zuliatu Cooper explained, “In Sierra Leone, infertile couples are suffering every day because we do not have facilities to diagnose or treat them. Through ‘Merck More than a Mother’ fertility care training will be supported and a platform for fertility experts will be created. “This a historic achievement for Africa, as ‘Merck More than a Mother’ will do the same in Liberia where currently there are no fertility care facilities and infertile couples have to get treatment abroad too,” Zuliatu Cooper added. “Through ‘Merck More than a Mother’, we empower an under-privileged segment of women. Women who couldn’t bear children and for this they are discriminated and mistreated by their husbands, families and communities. In cultures, childless women still suffer discrimination, stigma and ostracism. This is unacceptable and has to change through our campaign,” emphasized Rasha Kelej, Chief Social Officer, Merck Healthcare.“When I created ‘Merck More than a Mother’ I knew important women around the world would rally to the cause but I was surprised at their enthusiasm and the speed at which they did so. First Ladies; ministers of health; ministers of gender; parliament members; fertility experts; presidents of fertility societies; CEOs of successful businesses; women and men are strongly supporting this campaign every day,” Rasha Kelej added. Dr. Ivans Sini, Chairman, Indonesian Reproductive Science Institute (IRSI) stated, “We are very happy to partner with Merck to provide this practical high technology training for the first time to establish African embryologists platform to be able together to improve access to safe and cost effective fertility care in Africa, it is a great initiative and we are very proud to be part of it.” ‘Merck More than a Mother’ is championed by the First Ladies of Central African Republic and Sierra Leone, Brigitte Touadera and Sia Koroma respectively. It was first implemented in Kenya in 2015 followed by Uganda, Nigeria, Tanzania, Ghana, Cote d’Ivoire and Central African Republic in 2016 and in Liberia and Sierra Leone in 2017. By Ophaniel Gooding Thursday April 06, 2017. Comments are closed. Polls What do you prefer? A. Referendum before Elections B. Elections before Referendum View Results  Loading ... FRONT PAGE 06042017 FRONT PAGE FRONT PAGE 05042017 FRONT PAGE FRONT PAGE 04042017 FRONT PAGE International News Developed by UsualX, Powered & Maintained by Alemobet Innovations Awoko Newspaper Copyright © 2017-2018. All rights reserved.
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Merck & Co. Inc. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Merck & Co. Inc. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Insider Selling: salesforce.com, inc. (CRM) Insider Sells $341,757.57 in Stock Sun Valley Gold Llc Buys 170,000 Shares of Exeter Resource Corp (XRC) Stock Insider Selling: Diamond Hill Investment Group, Inc. (DHIL) Director Sells $288,045.00 in Stock Walt Disney Co (DIS) Shares Sold by Girard Securities Inc. Girard Securities Inc. Has $465,000 Position in Merck & Co., Inc. (MRK) GSA Capital Partners LLP Invests $218,000 in Icon Plc (ICLR) GSA Capital Partners LLP Takes Position in Brown & Brown, Inc. (BRO) GSA Capital Partners LLP Invests $218,000 in Icon Plc (ICLR) Viavi Solutions Inc (VIAV) Stake Lowered by GSA Capital Partners LLP Walt Disney Co (DIS) Shares Bought by Fred Alger Management Inc. Q2 2017 EPS Estimates for Incyte Co. Cut by Leerink Swann (INCY) StatPro Group PLC (SOG) Earns “Buy” Rating from Panmure Gordon Nanoco Group PLC (NANO) Rating Reiterated by Peel Hunt Persimmon plc (PSN) Rating Lowered to Hold at Liberum Capital StatPro Group PLC (SOG) Earns “Buy” Rating from Panmure Gordon FinnCap Reaffirms Buy Rating for Renew Holdings Plc (RNWH) ReNeuron Group Plc (RENE) Rating Reiterated by Stifel Nicolaus Spire Healthcare Group PLC (SPI) Rating Reiterated by Numis Securities Ltd Zacks: Brokerages Expect Descartes Systems Group Inc (DSGX) Will Post Earnings of $0.10 Per Share Renaissance Technologies LLC Has $4,482,000 Stake in Pattern Energy Group Inc (PEGI) Girard Securities Inc. Has $465,000 Position in Merck & Co., Inc. (MRK) April 6th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Patrick Bannon Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet Girard Securities Inc. raised its position in shares of Merck & Co., Inc. (NYSE:MRK) by 10.5% during the fourth quarter, according to its most recent filing with the SEC. The fund owned 7,898 shares of the company’s stock after buying an additional 752 shares during the period. Girard Securities Inc.’s holdings in Merck & Co. were worth $465,000 as of its most recent SEC filing. Other large investors have also bought and sold shares of the company. Prospera Financial Services Inc boosted its stake in Merck & Co. by 57.9% in the third quarter. Prospera Financial Services Inc now owns 10,645 shares of the company’s stock worth $664,000 after buying an additional 3,904 shares in the last quarter. Morgens Waterfall Vintiadis & Co. Inc. acquired a new stake in Merck & Co. during the third quarter worth approximately $2,278,000. Osborn Rohs Williams & Donohoe Ltd boosted its stake in Merck & Co. by 4.5% in the third quarter. Osborn Rohs Williams & Donohoe Ltd now owns 35,336 shares of the company’s stock worth $2,205,000 after buying an additional 1,518 shares in the last quarter. Patten & Patten Inc. TN boosted its stake in Merck & Co. by 0.7% in the third quarter. Patten & Patten Inc. TN now owns 167,233 shares of the company’s stock worth $10,437,000 after buying an additional 1,137 shares in the last quarter. Finally, Nisa Investment Advisors LLC boosted its stake in Merck & Co. by 5.3% in the third quarter. Nisa Investment Advisors LLC now owns 1,089,137 shares of the company’s stock worth $67,973,000 after buying an additional 55,150 shares in the last quarter. 74.10% of the stock is currently owned by institutional investors and hedge funds. Shares of Merck & Co., Inc. (NYSE:MRK) opened at 63.57 on Thursday. Merck & Co., Inc. has a 52 week low of $53.06 and a 52 week high of $66.80. The firm’s 50-day moving average price is $64.74 and its 200 day moving average price is $62.47. The company has a market capitalization of $174.54 billion, a PE ratio of 45.09 and a beta of 0.79. Merck & Co. (NYSE:MRK) last posted its quarterly earnings results on Thursday, February 2nd. The company reported $0.89 EPS for the quarter, beating the consensus estimate of $0.89 by $0.00. Merck & Co. had a net margin of 14.30% and a return on equity of 24.08%. The company had revenue of $10.10 billion for the quarter, compared to analyst estimates of $10.22 billion. During the same period in the prior year, the company earned $0.93 earnings per share. The firm’s revenue was down 1.0% on a year-over-year basis. Equities analysts predict that Merck & Co., Inc. will post $3.81 EPS for the current year. The firm also recently declared a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Friday, April 7th. Shareholders of record on Wednesday, March 15th will be issued a $0.47 dividend. This represents a $1.88 annualized dividend and a yield of 2.96%. The ex-dividend date is Monday, March 13th. Merck & Co.’s payout ratio is 92.61%. ILLEGAL ACTIVITY WARNING: “Girard Securities Inc. Has $465,000 Position in Merck & Co., Inc. (MRK)” was originally posted by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are viewing this report on another publication, it was stolen and republished in violation of U.S. and international trademark & copyright laws. The correct version of this report can be read at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/04/06/girard-securities-inc-has-465000-position-in-merck-co-inc-mrk.html. A number of research firms have commented on MRK. Vetr raised Merck & Co. from a “sell” rating to a “hold” rating and set a $65.54 price target on the stock in a report on Wednesday, March 1st. Sanford C. Bernstein reissued a “market perform” rating on shares of Merck & Co. in a report on Friday, February 24th. BMO Capital Markets decreased their price target on Merck & Co. from $72.00 to $70.00 and set an “outperform” rating on the stock in a report on Wednesday, February 15th. Jefferies Group LLC reissued an “underperform” rating and set a $52.00 price target (up from $50.00) on shares of Merck & Co. in a report on Saturday, March 11th. Finally, Leerink Swann reissued a “market perform” rating on shares of Merck & Co. in a report on Monday, March 20th. One equities research analyst has rated the stock with a sell rating, seven have given a hold rating and twelve have issued a buy rating to the stock. The stock has an average rating of “Buy” and a consensus target price of $67.72. In other news, EVP Adam H. Schechter sold 53,850 shares of the stock in a transaction dated Monday, April 3rd. The shares were sold at an average price of $63.48, for a total transaction of $3,418,398.00. The transaction was disclosed in a document filed with the SEC, which can be accessed through this hyperlink. Also, Director Wendell P. Weeks sold 5,000 shares of the stock in a transaction dated Monday, February 6th. The stock was sold at an average price of $64.51, for a total transaction of $322,550.00. Following the sale, the director now directly owns 5,100 shares in the company, valued at $329,001. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Over the last ninety days, insiders sold 160,809 shares of company stock worth $10,261,846. 0.05% of the stock is owned by corporate insiders. Merck & Co. Company Profile Merck & Co, Inc is a global healthcare company. The Company offers health solutions through its prescription medicines, vaccines, biologic therapies and animal health products. It operates through four segments: Pharmaceutical, Animal Health, Healthcare Services and Alliances. The Company’s Pharmaceutical segment includes human health pharmaceutical and vaccine products marketed either directly by the Company or through joint ventures. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding MRK? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Merck & Co., Inc. (NYSE:MRK). Receive News & Ratings for Merck & Co. Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Merck & Co. Inc. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Susan Rice Denies leaking Names of Officials in Intelligence Reports Senate Facing Showdown over Nomination of Neil Gorsuch Ex-Trump Advisor Michael Flynn Seeking Immunity Challenges on Rollback of Climate Policies to Come President Trump Creating American Innovation Office © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home Close Search Open Search Home News Back Categories All News National World Politics Business Entertainment Crime Emergency On Air Back Categories All On Air Early Edition Mike Hosking Breakfast Leighton Smith Show The Country Kerre McIvor and Mark Dye Afternoons Larry Williams Drive Sportstalk Marcus Lush Nights The All Sports Breakfast Saturday Morning with Jack Tame Andrew Dickens Sunday Cafe Veitch on Sport The Two Sunday Mornings with The Resident Builder Nutters Club Total Recall Real Life In My Day Overnight Talk The Best Of... Sports Power Hour Auckland Wellington Christchurch Otago On Demand Back Categories All On Demand Audio Video Listen from Overseas Listen via SONOS Week on Demand Opinion What's On Back Categories All What's On Submit community notices Cancellations Competitions Lifestyle Back Categories All Lifestyle Movies Travel Recipes Books Music Motoring Home and Garden Technology Photos Back Categories All Photos National World Politics Funny Entertainment Sport Lifestyle Weather Traffic Back Categories All Traffic Auckland Hamilton Tauranga Wellington Christchurch Contact Back Categories All Contact Contact Us Form Be the reporter Subscribe to our newsletter Advertise with Us Website Terms of Use & Privacy Policy Make a complaint NZH Focus Newstalk ZB Radio Sport Coast Mix The Hits ZM Flava Hauraki The ACC Other The Country ZB News News National World Politics Business Entertainment Crime Emergency Next On Air On Air Early Edition Mike Hosking Breakfast Leighton Smith Show The Country Kerre McIvor and Mark Dye Afternoons Larry Williams Drive Sportstalk Marcus Lush Nights The All Sports Breakfast Saturday Morning with Jack Tame Andrew Dickens Sunday Cafe Veitch on Sport The Two Sunday Mornings with The Resident Builder Nutters Club Total Recall Real Life In My Day Overnight Talk The Best Of... Sports Power Hour Auckland Wellington Christchurch Otago Next On Demand On Demand Audio Video Listen from Overseas Listen via SONOS Week on Demand Next Opinion Opinion What's On What's On Submit community notices Cancellations Next Competitions Competitions Lifestyle Lifestyle Movies Travel Recipes Books Music Motoring Home and Garden Technology Next Photos Photos National World Politics Funny Entertainment Sport Lifestyle Next Weather Weather Traffic Traffic Auckland Hamilton Tauranga Wellington Christchurch Next Contact Contact Contact Us Form Be the reporter Subscribe to our newsletter Advertise with Us Website Terms of Use & Privacy Policy Make a complaint Next NZH Focus NZH Focus Region: Auckland Auckland Wellington Christchurch Sportstalk 7PM - 8PM Loading... Home News National Tolley furious about privacy breach Tolley furious about privacy breach Author Issac Davison, Section National, Publish Date Thursday, 6 April 2017, 3:16PM Social Development Minister Anne Tolley says she is "furious" about a privacy breach at her ministry and has hinted jobs could be lost as a result of the blunder. (Mark Mitchell) Social Development Minister Anne Tolley says she is "furious" about a privacy breach at her ministry and has hinted jobs could be lost as a result of the blunder. The breach is deeply embarrassing as it comes at a time when Government is trying to persuade non-government organisations (NGOs) to share detailed, sensitive information about their clients. It also gives fresh ammunition for Opposition parties to attack National's much-vaunted social investment approach, which depends on greater information-sharing between agencies. "Embarrassing isn't the word," Tolley told reporters at Parliament this afternoon. "I am furious." The matter was now "an employment issue", she said. She would not go into further detail, but said it was "pretty serious" and had been referred to the chief executive. Tolley revealed yesterday that the Ministry for Social Development's information-sharing system had been shut down after one provider was found to be able to view information in another provider's folder. It was "lucky" that a no sensitive details were in the folder, Tolley said. Such incidents damaged public trust, she said. But she rejected any suggestion that MSD was not trustworthy with personal data. "MSD have a lot of data about a lot of people. We had one big incident around the kiosks, which was part of trying to give people better access to their own information. "MSD deals with a million New Zealanders on a daily basis and we don't have massive breaches of people's privacy. They should have been able to manage this." It would take "as long as it needs to take" to get a new system up and running, she said. Earlier today, the Privacy Commissioner released a highly critical report about the Government's policy of requiring community groups to give up data about their clients if they wanted state funding. The policy was "excessive" and breached privacy rules, the report concluded. Commissioner John Edwards said there was a risk that the new funding arrangement between MSD and NGOs could deter some people who were in need of support. "Not only could that put those people further at risk, and increases pressure on the NGOs, the ultimate result could be that those individuals become 'invisible' to Government and policy-makers," he said. The new MSD contracts investigated by Edwards would make the provision of personal, detailed client data a condition of Government funding. Community groups cannot opt out of the arrangement. The policy will be introduced in July, but Opposition parties now say it should be scrapped. It could apply to up to 4300 contracts linked to Work and Income, Family and Community Services and the Youth Development and Vulnerable Children ministries. So far, 136 providers had been asked to share their information, and 10 had agreed to do so. Edwards said no NGO received state funding "as of right", and it was important that Government took steps to ensure any programme it funded was effective. This required good data, he said. "However, insufficient consideration has been given to means by which Government might achieve those legitimate aims in ways that do not involve the collection of excessive or unnecessary personal information." The policy was inconsistent with the Privacy Act and should be amended, Edwards said. He identified three main privacy risks: Individuals could choose not to seek help at all; to provide incorrect information to preserve their privacy; or NGOs could give people access to MSD services without providing their personal information, meaning they became "invisible" to the Government. Edwards was also critical of MSD, saying it failed to clearly explain to NGOs what their data would be used for, who it would be disclosed to and how it could be used in future. It had also put the policy in place "prematurely" without proper consideration of the privacy risks. A possible alternative proposed by Edwards was to allow Statistics New Zealand to receive the information from NGOs, and that agency could provide anonymised analysis to the ministry. Tolley, however, said that recommendation could not be accepted. Anonymised data only told the ministry whether services were effective, and the Government wanted to "do much more than that", she said. MSD needed clients' names, addresses, dates of birth, the number of children they had, and the age of their youngest child. This would help determine whether agencies were duplicating each others' work and where the gaps in services were. Tolley said she had asked MSD whether exemptions could be made for groups which were reluctant to share their sensitive information. She also challenged Edwards' findings, saying they were based on assumption and that there was no proof people would choose not to seek help rather than provide their personal details to MSD. Labour's social development spokeswoman Carmel Sepuloni said the report confirmed that people most in need - clients of Women's Refuge or Rape Crisis - could be deterred from seeking support. The findings "throw a huge spanner in the works" of the Government's flagship social investment approach, she said. Under this approach, the Government is increasingly looking to use large, detailed datasets to decide which social services should get funding. "The Commissioner clearly states that this current data grab could not be deemed a better use of data and could instead deter those in need from seeking support and increase long term costs," Sepuloni said. Green Party social development spokeswoman Jan Logie said the Government needed to immediately put a stop to the MSD contracts. "With the Privacy Commissioner and community groups like Rape Crisis and Budget Services coming out against this data intrusion, the Government must realise that it will not achieve its social objectives by overriding individuals rights to privacy." National Move over Debbie: New cyclone warning for New Zealand Read Article Defamation trial jury retires on Little Read Article RMA reforms pass into law with support from... Read Article News National World Politics Business Entertainment More On Air Early Edition Mike Hosking Breakfast Leighton Smith Show The Country Kerre McIvor and Mark Dye Afternoons More On Demand Audio Video Listen from Overseas Listen via SONOS Week on Demand What's On Submit community notices Cancellations Lifestyle Movies Travel Recipes Books Music More Photos National World Politics Funny Entertainment More Traffic Auckland Hamilton Tauranga Wellington Christchurch Contact Contact Us Form Be the reporter Subscribe to our newsletter Advertise with Us Website Terms of Use & Privacy Policy More Opinion Competitions Weather NZH Focus Frequencies Alexandra 95.1FM Ashburton 98.1 FM 873AM Auckland 1080AM 89.4FM Blenheim 92.1FM Christchurch 1098AM 100.1FM Dunedin 1044AM Gisborne 945AM Greymouth 98.7FM Hawkes Bay 90.3FM 1278AM Kapiti 89.5FM Manawatu 100.2FM 927AM Masterton 846AM Nelson 1341AM New Plymouth 96.4FM 1053AM Northland 1026AM 1215AM Oamaru 1395AM Queenstown 89.6FM Rotorua 747AM Southland 864AM Taupo 96.0FM Tauranga 90.2FM 1008AM Timaru 1152AM Tokoroa 1413AM Waikato 1296AM 97FM Wanaka 90.6FM Wanganui 1197AM Wellington 89.3FM 1035AM Westport 1287AM Follow Us Follow us on Facebook Follow us on Twitter Follow us on Youtube © Copyright NZME Privacy Policy Terms of Use Third Party Info ON AIR: Sportstalk 7PM - 8PM Listen on iHeartRadio
Home Markets Companies Opinion Politics Technology Specials PF Portfolio My Page GST Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Editorial Comment Columnists Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll North East West South Election News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Editorial Comment Columnists Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page GST Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Editorial Comment Columnists Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page GST Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Editorial Comment Columnists Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page GST BS APPS iPad iPhone Android Wap BS PRODUCTS Smart Investor BS Hindi BS Motoring BS Books Today's Paper BS SPECIALS B2B Connect Power & Energy SME BS E-Paper Hi, Change Password Subscribe Sign out Change Password Manage My Account Sign out SIGN IN Subscribe               TRENDING ON BS #TelecomWars #Demonetisation #ElectionResults2017 #GST #AssemblyElections2017 News Stock Quote Authors  News    Stock Quote    Authors You are here: Home » B2B Connect » B2B - Chemicals » International News Chemicals exports reach $ 9.76 billion in Apr-Dec 2017 Special on B2B   A Commercial Feature Business Standard A COMMERCIAL FEATURE What's this ? Commercial Feature is a Business Standard Digital Marketing Initiative. The Editorial/Content team at Business Standard has not contributed to writing or editing these articles. For further information, please write to assist@bsmail.in Merck launches advanced lab water purification technology Milli-Q IQ 7000 The new system, designed to raise productivity, is first to use eco-friendly, mercury-free UV lamps BS B2B Bureau  |  Darmstadt, Germany  April 7, 2017 Last Updated at 09:53 IST email this article Message: Recipients' Email: Type address separated by commas Your Email: Enter the characters shown in the image. Send me a copy:   http://mybs.in/2UUt5aV Merck's new lab water purification technology Milli-Q IQ 7000 system ALSO READ Bodal Chemicals buys 42% stake in water treatment chemicals maker Trion Merck buys food safety testing specialist BioControl Not a drop anywhere! 63 mn Indians still do not have access to clean water Indian water purifier market to reach $4.1 bn by 2024: Study Water levels decrease by 70% in major reservoirs in India Merck, a leading science and technology company, has launched the Milli-Q IQ 7000 system, the seventh-generation Milli-Q water purification innovation. This launch marks 50 years of providing ultrapure water to scientists in laboratories all over the world.  “While there have been tremendous advancements in the lab, today’s scientists continue to seek ways to improve reproducibility and reliability of data. Our customers are looking for compact, ergonomic systems and software so that they can advance science, further faster. Our new lab water system addresses these pain points, allowing scientists to focus on problem solving, without worrying about the purity of their water. This new system reflects our legacy of pioneering innovations in lab water purification,” said Udit Batra, member of the Merck Executive Board and CEO, Life Science. For half a century, Merck has been the partner of choice for water purification systems and services for lab scientists who need to ensure their water is free of contaminants. To ensure that Merck’s new water purification systems meet customers’ evolving needs, the company combined customer feedback with its engineering and technical expertise to develop the Milli-Q IQ 7000 system - an even smaller, easier-to-use device. It is designed with ech2o mercury-free UV lamps for the photoxidation of organic contaminants; purification cartridges that are 33 percent smaller than previous versions and high-definition digital touchscreen similar to a mobile phone display for simple operation. It can be easily connected to lab networks through an integrated data management system that allows quick, easy access to information, which includes custom reporting and global system data archive for traceability and paperless environment for generating reports. It comes with hibernation mode to maintain system water quality with reduced energy consumption; ergonomic, precise dispensing wheel with a wider range of ultrapure water dispensing options - from drop-by-drop up to 2 liters per minute; and smaller footprint, free of tubing / cables for a smaller, clutter-free workspace. Merck’s leading brand, Milli-Q water, has become synonymous with ultrapure lab water, and is the most cited brand in peer-reviewed publications. Milli-Q systems have purification media that are tested and designed exclusively for Merck, allowing the company to provide the best water quality to labs across the world. Merck’s Milli-Q IQ 7000 system is the first product in an offering that will replace the existing bench-top Milli-Q Advantage A10 systems. Read More On Chemicals | Chemistry | Merck | Lab Water System | Water Purification | Milli-q | Udit Batra | Life Science | Research | B2b Connect | International News PREVIOUS STORY NEXT STORY RECOMMENDED FOR YOU Advertisements Rs 2 lakh health coverage @ Rs 8* per day Club ITC - 25% earnings on dining at ITC Hotels Cover from Natural Calamities. Buy Home Insurance Lavish 3 & 4 BHK in Khar, Mumbai @ 6.9 Cr* Onwards Open a demat account with Sharekhan & learn online trading. Go Cashless, buy Health Insurance Online Luxury 3 & 4 BHK in BKC, Mumbai @ 6.4 Cr* Onwards Cover from Earthquake & Floods. Buy Home Insurance New to investing in shares? New to the Stock Market? Take your FirstStep Merck launches advanced lab water purification technology Milli-Q IQ 7000 The new system, designed to raise productivity, is first to use eco-friendly, mercury-free UV lamps The new system, designed to raise productivity, is first to use eco-friendly, mercury-free UV lamps Merck, a leading science and technology company, has launched the Milli-Q IQ 7000 system, the seventh-generation Milli-Q water purification innovation. This launch marks 50 years of providing ultrapure water to scientists in laboratories all over the world.  “While there have been tremendous advancements in the lab, today’s scientists continue to seek ways to improve reproducibility and reliability of data. Our customers are looking for compact, ergonomic systems and software so that they can advance science, further faster. Our new lab water system addresses these pain points, allowing scientists to focus on problem solving, without worrying about the purity of their water. This new system reflects our legacy of pioneering innovations in lab water purification,” said Udit Batra, member of the Merck Executive Board and CEO, Life Science. For half a century, Merck has been the partner of choice for water purification systems and services for lab scientists who need to ensure their water is free of contaminants. To ensure that Merck’s new water purification systems meet customers’ evolving needs, the company combined customer feedback with its engineering and technical expertise to develop the Milli-Q IQ 7000 system - an even smaller, easier-to-use device. It is designed with ech2o mercury-free UV lamps for the photoxidation of organic contaminants; purification cartridges that are 33 percent smaller than previous versions and high-definition digital touchscreen similar to a mobile phone display for simple operation. It can be easily connected to lab networks through an integrated data management system that allows quick, easy access to information, which includes custom reporting and global system data archive for traceability and paperless environment for generating reports. It comes with hibernation mode to maintain system water quality with reduced energy consumption; ergonomic, precise dispensing wheel with a wider range of ultrapure water dispensing options - from drop-by-drop up to 2 liters per minute; and smaller footprint, free of tubing / cables for a smaller, clutter-free workspace. Merck’s leading brand, Milli-Q water, has become synonymous with ultrapure lab water, and is the most cited brand in peer-reviewed publications. Milli-Q systems have purification media that are tested and designed exclusively for Merck, allowing the company to provide the best water quality to labs across the world. Merck’s Milli-Q IQ 7000 system is the first product in an offering that will replace the existing bench-top Milli-Q Advantage A10 systems. BS B2B Bureau Business Standard http://bsmedia.business-standard.com/_media/bs/wap/images/bs_logo_amp.png 177 22 Subscribe to the Business Standard b2b Connect Newsletters and stay updated with latest news, features, events and more in key industries Select one or more industry newsletters Chemical   Plastic & Polymers   Pharma   Manufacturing   Hospitality   All of the above       Submit   Merck launches advanced lab water purification technology Milli-Q IQ 7000 The new system, designed to raise productivity, is first to use eco-friendly, mercury-free UV lamps Merck, a leading science and technology company, has launched the Milli-Q IQ 7000 system, the seventh-generation Milli-Q water purification innovation. This launch marks 50 years of providing ultrapure water to scientists in laboratories all over the world.  “While there have been tremendous advancements in the lab, today’s scientists continue to seek ways to improve reproducibility and reliability of data. Our customers are looking for compact, ergonomic systems and software so that they can advance science, further faster. Our new lab water system addresses these pain points, allowing scientists to focus on problem solving, without worrying about the purity of their water. This new system reflects our legacy of pioneering innovations in lab water purification,” said Udit Batra, member of the Merck Executive Board and CEO, Life Science. For half a century, Merck has been the partner of choice for water purification systems and services for lab scientists who need to ensure their water is free of contaminants. To ensure that Merck’s new water purification systems meet customers’ evolving needs, the company combined customer feedback with its engineering and technical expertise to develop the Milli-Q IQ 7000 system - an even smaller, easier-to-use device. It is designed with ech2o mercury-free UV lamps for the photoxidation of organic contaminants; purification cartridges that are 33 percent smaller than previous versions and high-definition digital touchscreen similar to a mobile phone display for simple operation. It can be easily connected to lab networks through an integrated data management system that allows quick, easy access to information, which includes custom reporting and global system data archive for traceability and paperless environment for generating reports. It comes with hibernation mode to maintain system water quality with reduced energy consumption; ergonomic, precise dispensing wheel with a wider range of ultrapure water dispensing options - from drop-by-drop up to 2 liters per minute; and smaller footprint, free of tubing / cables for a smaller, clutter-free workspace. Merck’s leading brand, Milli-Q water, has become synonymous with ultrapure lab water, and is the most cited brand in peer-reviewed publications. Milli-Q systems have purification media that are tested and designed exclusively for Merck, allowing the company to provide the best water quality to labs across the world. Merck’s Milli-Q IQ 7000 system is the first product in an offering that will replace the existing bench-top Milli-Q Advantage A10 systems. BS B2B Bureau Business Standard http://bsmedia.business-standard.com/_media/bs/wap/images/bs_logo_amp.png 177 22 MORE ON MARKETS: Quick Links Stock Market Live Portfolio Commodity Market Upcoming IPO Personal Finance Stock Market News Derivatives Mutual Funds Gold Price Sensex Browse STOCK Companies A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 Browse Mutual Funds A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z Index Stocks ACC Adani Ports Ambuja Cem. Asian Paints Aurobindo Pharma Axis Bank B P C L Bajaj Auto Bank of Baroda Bharti Airtel Bharti Infra. Bosch Cipla Coal India Dr Reddy's Labs Eicher Motors GAIL (India) Grasim Inds H D F C HCL Technologies HDFC Bank Hero Motocorp Hind. Unilever Hindalco Inds. ICICI Bank Indiabulls Housing Finance Indian Oil Corporation Ltd. IndusInd Bank Infosys ITC Kotak Mah. Bank Larsen & Toubro Lupin M & M Maruri Suzuki NTPC O N G C Power Grid Corpn Reliance Inds. St Bk of India Sun Pharma. Inds. Tata Motors Tata Motors-DVR Tata Power Co. Tata Steel TCS Tech Mahindra UltraTech Cement Ltd Wipro Yes Bank Zee Entertainment Copyrights © 2017 Business Standard Private Ltd. All rights reserved. From BS Website Home Companies Markets Opinion Politics Technology Specials Personal Finance Budget Latest News Today's Paper RBI Policy General News General Videos General Photo Gallery Events Authors About us About Us Code of Conduct Terms & Conditions Cookie Policy Disclaimer Investor Communication Support & Contact Partner with Us Careers Advertise with Us Contact Us Feedback Browser Support Sitemap Subscribe E-Paper BS Magazines Portfolio Tracker BS Products Smart Investor BS Hindi BS Motoring BS Books B2B Connect iPhone iPad android wap BS Fund Cafe 2016 Budget Insight Out Budget 2017 Budget 2017 Budget News Budget Connect with BS Facebook Google+ Linkedin Twitter Youtube RSS Upgrade To Premium Services Welcome User Business Standard is happy to inform you of the launch of "Business Standard Premium Services" As a premium subscriber you get an across device unfettered access to a range of services which include: Access Exclusive content - articles, features & opinion pieces Weekly Industry/Genre specific newsletters - Choose multiple industries/genres Access to 17 plus years of content archives Set Stock price alerts for your portfolio and watch list and get them delivered to your e-mail box End of day news alerts on 5 companies (via email) NEW: Get seamless access to WSJ.com at a great price. No additional sign-up required.   Premium Services In Partnership with   Dear Guest,   Welcome to the premium services of Business Standard brought to you courtesy FIS. Kindly visit the Manage my subscription page to discover the benefits of this programme. Enjoy Reading! Team Business Standard  
News Real Estate Hotels INSiGHT Classifieds Jobs 外資系転職 広告掲載 Newsletter Signup Register/Login LOGIN/REGISTER Facebook users Use your Facebook account to login or register with JapanToday. By doing so, you will also receive an email inviting you to receive our news alerts. Facebook connect OR LOGIN WITH YOUR JAPANTODAY ACCOUNT Remember Me Forgot Password? NEW USER REGISTRATION Reset Password *Required Register with a JapanToday account Letters and numbers only; 5 to 50 characters. This cannot be changed later. You will be sent an email to activate your account before you can log in. Yes, I would like to receive news alerts from JapanToday I agree to the Terms of Service and Privacy Policy JapanToday National Crime Entertainment Politics Business Tech Sports World Features search ALL LIFESTYLE ARTS & CULTURE KUCHIKOMI NEW PRODUCTS HEALTH FOOD TRAVEL EXECUTIVE IMPACT OPINIONS PODCAST EVENTS The cost of cancer: New drugs show success at a steep price Health Apr. 07, 2017 - 06:00AM JST ( 0 ) LONDON — Newer cancer drugs that enlist the body’s immune system are improving the odds of survival, but competition between them is not reining in prices that can now top $250,000 a year. The drugs’ success for patients is the result of big bets in cancer therapy made by Bristol-Myers Squibb Co, Merck & Co Inc and Roche Holding AG, among others in big pharma. The industry’s pipeline of cancer drugs expanded by 63% between 2005 and 2015, according to the QuintilesIMS Institute, and a good number are reaching the market. The global market for cancer immunotherapies alone is expected to grow more than fourfold globally to $75.8 billion by 2022 from $16.9 billion in 2015, according to research firm GlobalData. For a graphic, click here.  “For cancer drugs in general ... it is hard for us to drive down cost,” said Steve Miller, chief medical officer at Express Scripts Holding Co, the nation’s largest manager of drug benefit plans for employers and insurers. “You don’t want to be in the position of being told to use the second best cancer drug for your child.” Lawmakers on both sides of the aisle, as well as President Donald Trump, have been grappling with how to restrain rising prescription drug costs. They have talked about solutions ranging from more price negotiation to faster approval of new drugs, often invoking increased competition between drugmakers. “Competition is key to lowering drug prices,” Trump told pharmaceutical executives at an Oval Office meeting in January. But that is not happening with new drugs called checkpoint inhibitors that work by releasing a molecular brake, allowing the immune system to recognize and attack cancer cells the same way it fights infections caused by bacteria or viruses. For cancers like melanoma, the treatments can mean long-term survival for around 20 percent of patients. Bristol’s Yervoy, first approved in 2011, targets a protein known as CTLA-4. Other immunotherapies, including Bristol’s Opdivo, Keytruda from Merck, Roche’s Tecentriq, and Pfizer Inc’s Bavencio, involve a different protein called PD-1. Other targets are being explored. Some new data will be presented this week in Washington at the American Association for Cancer Research’s annual meeting. Current checkpoint inhibitors each have a list price near $150,000 a year. A combination of Yervoy and Opdivo, approved by the Food and Drug Administration for advanced or inoperable melanoma, has a cost of $256,000 a year for patients who respond to the treatment. Similar immunotherapies are in development at companies like AstraZeneca Plc. Merck, which declined to comment on pricing plans, expects an FDA decision by May 10 on its combination of Keytruda and chemotherapy as an initial treatment for the most common form of lung cancer - by far the biggest market for cancer drugs. Pfizer said Bavencio, cleared by the FDA earlier this month to treat Merkel cell carcinoma, a rare type of skin cancer, has a price “comparable to other checkpoint inhibitors approved for different indications.” The pharmaceutical industry holds that discussion of prescription drug prices has to take into account the major investment required for innovation and discovery of new lifesaving drugs. Scientific progress, and pricing power, are driving pharmaceutical companies to emphasize oncology research. “Most of the strategy on the part of pharmaceutical companies assumes unrestrained pricing power,” said Dr. Peter Bach, director of Memorial Sloan Kettering’s Center for Health Policy Outcomes in New York. “We don’t see evidence that companies are pursuing cost-effective strategies.” Health insurers have had success in demanding price concessions in some drug categories - like diabetes, where several companies sell similar products and insurers are able to negotiate price discounts or rebates in exchange for coverage. According to IMS, that tactic capped the overall rise in spending on diabetes medicines at 8 percent in 2015, compared with an increase of 30 percent in billed invoices. All of the invoice price growth for insulin was offset by price cuts, the institute said. But discounting is much less common for newer, innovative cancer drugs, mostly given by injection and approved for defined patient populations. Net price growth for branded oncology drugs averaged 4.8 percent in 2015, versus 6.4 percent for invoices, according to IMS. Express Scripts’ Miller and others said makers of new cancer medications enjoy pricing power due to coverage requirements, insurance plan structure and a lack of head-to-head comparison studies. “Cancer drugs don’t compete on price,” said Dr. Aaron Kesselheim, a researcher at Harvard Medical School and author of several studies of drug pricing. “Drug companies have market exclusivity and we require payers to cover cancer drugs - Medicare has six protected classes, including cancer.” Medicare, the federal government’s healthcare plan for seniors and the disabled, covers most prescription drugs under its “Part D” pharmacy benefits. The plans are required to cover all drugs in six classes: cancer, HIV, antidepressants, antispychotics, seizure disorders like epilepsy, and immune system suppressants for people undergoing organ transplantation. Trump met recently with Representatives Elijah Cummings and Peter Welch, both Democrats, to discuss draft legislation allowing the government to negotiate Medicare drug prices - but the bill preserves the six protected classes. In addition, drugs given by injection, including many cancer therapies, are covered under Medicare’s main medical benefit. Bristol disappointed investors when it did not pursue accelerated FDA review of the Opdivo/Yervoy combination for newly-diagnosed lung cancer - putting Merck ahead in the lucrative lung cancer market. “All of the immunotherapies have similar price points,” said Miller at Express Scripts. “When you stack therapies, it means more expense for patients and (health) plan sponsors.” (c) Copyright Thomson Reuters 2017. Tweet Back to top 0 Comments Login to comment Back to top Login to leave a comment Facebook users Use your Facebook account to login or register with JapanToday. By doing so, you will also receive an email inviting you to receive our news alerts. Facebook connect OR Login with your JapanToday account Remember Me › Forgot Password? NEW USER REGISTRATION JapanToday Insight Improving Your Intestinal Health at Enoshima Island Spa The Enoshima Island SpaHealth & Fitness Dining in the Ambiance of Enoshima Island Spa's Cave Café The Enoshima Island SpaHealth & Fitness Enoshima Island Spa Welcomes You to 2017 The Enoshima Island SpaHealth & Fitness Special Offers Treat Yourself (or Someone Else) to a Very Merry Esthe Christmas! Offer ends: n/a グローバルに 活躍したいあなたへ 外資系転職 バイリンガル人材の ための求人サイト 見てみる More in Health A 'sci-fi' cancer therapy fights brain tumors, study finds Apr. 06, 2017 - 03:59AM JST ( 0 ) Cancer study: Antibiotics linked to dangerous polyps Apr. 05, 2017 - 07:59AM JST ( 0 ) Treat yourself to a spa spring retreat at Hilton Tokyo Odaiba Apr. 05, 2017 - 06:01AM JST ( 0 ) Are any fad diets good for heart health? Apr. 04, 2017 - 05:56AM JST ( 3 ) Would legalizing medical marijuana help curb the opioid epidemic? Apr. 03, 2017 - 05:57AM JST ( 1 ) View all Most Popular Recent Comments 1 U.S. attacks Syrian gov't base with 59 cruise missiles 86 2 Abe brushes off fears of threats to civil rights by conspiracy bill 25 3 Supreme Court nominee Gorsuch heads for confirmation as Senate tears up own rules 14 4 Japan sees rise in stalking, domestic violence reports 14 5 Man jumps off platform; breaks through train driver's cabin window 13 View all Tamarama Apr. 07, 2017 - 04:03PM JST I always love the 'selfish' comments that fly around stories like this. I see it as… Posted in: Man jumps off platform; breaks through train driver's cabin window MadameD Apr. 07, 2017 - 04:02PM JST t-marie : I totally agree with you. Japan is safe until something happen to you! I… Posted in: Japan sees rise in stalking, domestic violence reports wtfjapan Apr. 07, 2017 - 04:01PM JST finally!! something I can agree with Mr Trump , Asaad , Putin and his buddies need… Posted in: U.S. attacks Syrian gov't base with 59 cruise missiles MsDelicious Apr. 07, 2017 - 04:00PM JST I love love hotels. Much cheaper and classier than regular hotels. Plus I like renting the… Posted in: Stats on entertainment businesses show accelerating pace of decline M3M3M3 Apr. 07, 2017 - 04:00PM JST There was a process underway in accordance with international law. A new compromise text of the… Posted in: U.S. attacks Syrian gov't base with 59 cruise missiles View all Time to Buy in Japan Find the perfect home today! Search Home National Crime Entertainment Politics Business Tech Sports World Features Events Lifestyle Arts & Culture Kuchikomi New Products Health Food Travel Executive Impact Commentary Opinions © 2017 GPlusMedia Inc. Privacy Terms of Service Moderation Policy 広告掲載/Advertise with us 総合案内/About us 編集部/Contact us 日本の読者様へ facebook twitter RSS
▮ Home ▮ Business Latest Headlines Top Stories Breaking News Earnings Biotech Investors IPOs M&A Canadian UK Key Wallstreet Events ▮ Industry News Technology Software Banking Automotive Energy More ▮ Stock Alerts Active Traders Before the Bell $5 and under Intraday Updates After the Bell ▮ Corp. Calendars Dividends Stock Splits Buybacks Conference Calls ▮ Earnings Calendars Earnings Calendar Pos Pre-announcements Profit Warnings Positive Surprise Negative Surprise Latest Earnings ▮ FDA Calendars Drug Approvals Device Approvals Clinical Trial Calendar ▮ Ratings Changes Upgrades Downgrades Cov Initiations Cov. Reiterated ▮ Economy US Europe Asia Global Economic Calendar Economic Scorecard Fed Members ▮ Markets Morning Mkt Analysis US Commentary European Commentary Asian Commentary Canadian Commentary Indian Commentary Commodities Bonds Currencies ▮ Politics US World Trump: First 100 Days Elections Congress General News ▮ Forex FX Top Stories Currency Analysis Currency Alerts Economic Calendar Economic Scorecard ▮ Health Hot Topics Diet & Fitness Kids Health Men's Health Women's Health Cancer News Drug Development Mental Health ▮ Tech Hot Topics Gadgets & Games Mobile Green Tech ▮ Entertainment Top Stories TV News Movie News Slide Shows Game of Thrones ▮ Music news Pop Rock Classic Rock Rap/Hip-Hop Country Alternative Oldies All Genre ▮ Content Licensing Newswires & Feeds Content Syndication Digital Signage Services Radio News Services ▮ Premium Emerging Biostocks Under The Radar Short-Term Investor NewsStream Login ▮ More Free Content RSS Feeds Search ▮ Blog Political Science / Nature Fundamental Analysis ▮ Columns Science & Tech Arts & Leisure Politics & Policy Money Home Business Latest Headlines Top Stories Breaking News Earnings Biotech Investors IPOs M&A Canadian UK Key Wallstreet Events Industry News Technology Software Banking Automotive Energy More Stock Alerts Active Traders Before the Bell $5 and under Intraday Updates After the Bell Corp. Calendars Dividends Stock Splits Buybacks Conference Calls Earnings Calendars Earnings Calendar Pos Pre-announcements Profit Warnings Positive Surprise Negative Surprise Latest Earnings FDA Calendars Drug Approvals Device Approvals Clinical Trial Calendar Ratings Changes Upgrades Downgrades Cov Initiations Cov. Reiterated Economy US Europe Asia Global Economic Calendar Economic Scorecard Fed Members Markets Morning Mkt Analysis US Commentary European Commentary Asian Commentary Canadian Commentary Indian Commentary Commodities Bonds Currencies Politics US World Trump: First 100 Days Elections Congress General News Forex FX Top Stories Currency Analysis Currency Alerts Economic Calendar Economic Scorecard Health Hot Topics Diet & Fitness Kids Health Men's Health Women's Health Cancer News Drug Development Mental Health Tech Hot Topics Gadgets & Games Mobile Green Tech Entertainment Top Stories TV News Movie News Slide Shows Game of Thrones Music news Pop Rock Classic Rock Rap/Hip-Hop Country Alternative Oldies All Genre Content Licensing Newswires & Feeds Content Syndication Digital Signage Services Radio News Services Premium Emerging Biostocks Under The Radar Short-Term Investor NewsStream Login More Free Content RSS Feeds Search Blog Political Science / Nature Fundamental Analysis Columns Science & Tech Arts & Leisure Politics & Policy Money Corporate News   E-MAIL  SHARE FONT-SIZE    Tweet Share Gainers & Losers Of Apr.6: HTGM, AKTX, FGEN, ARLZ, ADAP... 4/6/2017 10:17 PM ET The following are some of the biotech stocks that made their way onto the Day's Gainers & Losers' list of April 6, 2017. GAINERS 1. HTG Molecular Diagnostics Inc. (HTGM) Gained 31.64% to close Thursday's (Apr.6) trading at $7.24. News: No news Recent events: On March 22nd, the Company obtained CE marking in the European Union for its HTG EdgeSeq ALKPlus Assay EU, a test that helps to identify non-small cell lung cancer patients who are eligible for treatment with ALK-targeted therapeutics, such as Crizotinib. On March 23rd, the Company announced that its HTG EdgeSeq technology has been successfully adapted for use with the QIAGEN GeneReader NGS System based on the results of initial technical feasibility tests. Financials: The financial results for the fourth quarter and year ended December 31, 2016 were reported on Mar.23rd, 2017. Net loss attributable to stockholders in Q4, 2016 narrowed to $5.67 million or $0.76 per share from $5.69 million or $0.83 per share in the year-ago quarter. Revenue for the recent fourth quarter improved to $1.5 million from $1.2 million in Q4 2015. Analysts polled by Thomson Reuters expected the company to incur a loss of $0.76 per share on revenue of $1.81 million. The Company ended 2016 with total cash and investments of $11.8 million. 2. Akari Therapeutics Plc (AKTX) Gained 24.79% to close Thursday's trading at $14.60. News: The Company CEO, Gur Roshwalb, made a presentation at the Jefferies Complement Symposium today. The Company's lead drug candidate is Coversin, which is under two phase II clinical trials. The first phase II trial is evaluating Coversin in patients with paroxysmal nocturnal haemoglobinuria (PNH) who have never received a complement blocking therapy. The second phase II trial is evaluating Coversin in patients with PNH and C5 polymorphisms resistant to approved drug Soliris (eculizumab). Near-term catalyst: -- Interim results from the phase II trial evaluating Coversin in patients with PNH who have never received a complement blocking therapy will be released on April 24, 2017. 3. FibroGen Inc. (FGEN) Gained 15.03% to close Thursday's trading at $26.40. News: The Company has priced its follow-on offering at $22.95 per share. FibroGen is offering 5,228,750 shares of its common stock in the offering, and expects to raise gross proceeds of approximately $120 million. The offering is expected to close on April 11, 2017. Near-term catalysts: The Company's lead drug candidate is Roxadustat under development for anemia associated with lower risk myelodysplastic syndromes (MDS). FibroGen and AstraZeneca are collaborating on the development and commercialization of Roxadustat in China, the U.S., and other major markets. -- A phase II/III study of Roxadustat is slated to begin in China in the second half of 2017. -- The Company anticipates initiating a U.S. phase III MDS clinical trial in the third quarter of 2017. -- Top-line data from a phase II study of another drug candidate Pamrevlumab in Idiopathic Pulmonary Fibrosis are expected in the third quarter of this year. 4. Pulse Biosciences Inc. (PLSE) Gained 13.69% to close Thursday's trading at $20.02. News: No news Recent event: The Company submitted a 510(k) to the FDA for its PulseTx System for a general indication for soft tissue ablation on March 14th. The PulseTx System is based on the Company's proprietary technology called Nano-Pulse Stimulation, or NPS, and it marks Pulse Bio's first FDA 510(k) submission. Near term catalyst: - The Company expects to initiate the first NPS pilot study in immuno-oncology this year. Pulse Bio featured in our Company Spotlight column on February 17, 2017 when it was trading around $12.30. LOSERS 1. Aralez Pharmaceuticals Inc. (ARLZ) Lost 11.86% to close Thursday's trading at $1.56. News: The Company announced a reduction in U.S. sales force and cost savings program. Aralez is reducing its U.S. sales force by 32% and is also decreasing its marketing spend on Yosprala, a drug approved for the secondary prevention of cardiovascular disease in patients at risk for Aspirin-associated gastric ulcers. All these measures are expected to support a successful phased launch of Zontivity that is expected to begin in mid-April. Zontivity, developed by Merck, is indicated for the prevention of cardiovascular events in high risk patients. Aralez acquired the U.S. and Canadian rights to Zontivity from Merck last September. 2. BrainStorm Cell Therapeutics Inc. (BCLI) Lost 9.78% to close Thursday's trading at $4.06. News: No news Near-term catalysts: -- A planned phase III clinical trial of NurOwn in patients with Amyotrophic Lateral Sclerosis (Lou Gehrig's disease) to be conducted at multiple sites in the U.S. and in Israel is expected to begin enrolling patients in the second quarter of 2017. -- The Company's Memorandum of Understanding (MOU) with the Medical Research, Infrastructure, and Health Services Fund of the Tel Aviv Sourasky Medical Center (Ichilov Hospital) to explore the possibility of making NurOwn available to ALS patients under the provisions of Hospital Exemption regulation that was signed last month, is expected to be formalized in the first half of 2017. 3. Neos Therapeutics Inc. (NEOS) Lost 9.38% to close Thursday's trading at $7.25. News: No news Near-term catalysts: -- The Company's resubmitted New Drug Application for Cotempla XR-ODT for the treatment of attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) is under FDA review - with a decision expected on June 19, 2017. -- The Company's NDA for NT-0201, which is also for the treatment of ADHD, is under FDA review - with a decision expected on September 15, 2017. 4. Adaptimmune Therapeutics plc (ADAP) Lost 8.49% to close Thursday's trading at $5.50. News: No news Recent event: On Apr.5th, the Company announced a registered direct offering of 7 million American Depositary Shares to Matrix Capital Management Co. at a price of $6.00 per ADS. The closing of this offering is expected to take place on or about April 10, 2017. 5. Infinity Pharmaceuticals Inc. (INFI) Lost 8.21% to close Thursday's trading at $2.57. News: No news The key drug candidate in the pipeline is IPI-549, an oral immuno-oncology compound. Near-term catalysts: -- Report Phase 1 data from the monotherapy dose-escalation phase as well as the IPI-549 in combination with Opdivo dose-escalation phase in 2017 -- Complete the dose-escalation phase evaluating IPI-549 monotherapy in the first half of 2017 -- Begin enrolling patients with advanced solid tumors in the monotherapy expansion cohort during the second half of 2017 -- Complete the dose-escalation phase evaluating IPI-549 in combination with Opdivo in the second half of 2017 -- Begin enrolling patients with NSCLC, melanoma and SCCHN in expansion cohorts evaluating IPI-549 in combination with Opdivo in the second half of 2017. . Atara Biotherapeutics Inc. (ATRA) Lost 7.73% to close Thursday's trading at $18.55. News: No news Near-term catalysts: - Initial data from the Company's phase I trial of autologous version of ATA188 in patients with primary and secondary progressive multiple sclerosis to be presented by its collaborating investigators at a medical conference in late April. - Atara Bio plans to initiate a Phase 1 trial of allogeneic ATA188 in patients with multiple sclerosis in the second half of 2017. by RTT Staff Writer For comments and feedback: editorial@rttnews.com Business News Feeling Groovy: The 10 Countries With the Best Health Care The Ten Largest Economies In Africa Street on Job Watch After March Rate Hike Next Story Corporate News ACHN Awaits PNH Data, Avita Gears Up For PMA Filing, SSKN Effects Reverse Split Nestle Shareholders Approve All Proposals Samsung Expects 48% Rise In Q1 Operating Profit WD-40 Co Reports 10% Retreat In Q2 Bottom Line Mortgage Rates Are Falling Yet Again No Kidding: Super Cheap Flights From Seattle And Denver To London RPM International Inc Q3 Profit Drops 36% EARNINGS SUMMARY: Details of Fred`s Inc Q4 Earnings Report Twitter Unveils Faster, Leaner Lite App For Emerging Markets 8,000 Wanna-be Uber, Lyft Drivers Flunk Background Checks ARLZ Hands Out Pink Slips, JAZZ On A High Note, STDY On Track, TENX Abuzz Hudson's Bay Struggling Along With Other Retailers Amazon Will Reimburse Parents For Kids' In-app Purchases Pepsi Uses 'Black Lives Matter' To Hawk Its Soda Pop Mortgage Applications Fall In Seller's Market <<Previous        40 Articles Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. comments powered by Disqus RELATED NEWS HTG Molecular Diagnostics (HTGM) Soared To A New High For The Year HTG Molecular Diagnostics (HTGM) Has Surged To A New High For The Year RARE's Seizure Study Fails, HTGM Soars After-hours, NTEC Awaits Data In Q3 HTG Molecular Diagnostics (HTGM) Is Rising After It Obtained CE Marking Trade HTGM now with  Follow RTT Editor's Pick Most Read Most Emailed Mortgage Rates Are Falling Yet Again No Kidding: Super Cheap Flights From Seattle And Denver To London Twitter Unveils Faster, Leaner Lite App For Emerging Markets 8,000 Wanna-be Uber, Lyft Drivers Flunk Background Checks Hudson's Bay Struggling Along With Other Retailers Amazon Will Reimburse Parents For Kids' In-app Purchases Pepsi Uses 'Black Lives Matter' To Hawk Its Soda Pop Warren Buffett Appears On Cherry Coke Cans In China Mortgage Applications Fall In Seller's Market Swedish Company Implants Employees With Microchips Monsanto Q2 Profit Beats Estimates; Updates Outlook IRS To Use Private Debt Collectors FDA Nod For TEVA, Cheers For PRTK, SRNE Hits Goal, SNY Launches Kids Toothpaste New 52-week Highs On Nasdaq INNL To Be Acquired, ELGX Seeks Funds, Opdivo At FDA Altar Again, NLNK Abuzz Gainers & Losers Of Apr.4: INNL, BNTC, PRTK, CRVS, STDY... Famous Diamond Sold For Record $71.2 Million Gainers & Losers Of The Day: CYCC, NVCR, STDY, ACOR, OREX... Uber Uses Psychology To Influence Drivers Swedish Company Implants Employees With Microchips Setback For ACOR In Ampyra Suit, EARS Put On Notice, STDY On Steady Rise Bunzl Plc Buys Two Safety Businesses - Quick Facts ARLZ Hands Out Pink Slips, JAZZ On A High Note, STDY On Track, TENX Abuzz Drax Group Says Successful In Bid To Buy Louisiana Pellets Assets For $35.4 Mln Toshiba To Acquire ENGIE's 40% Stake In NuGen - Quick Facts Bunzl Plc Buys Two Safety Businesses - Quick Facts Schneider Electric Reportedly Nears Deal To Sell DTN For $1 Bln Sunoco To Sell Majority Of Convenience Stores To 7-Eleven For $3.3 Bln Gainers & Losers Of Apr.6: HTGM, AKTX, FGEN, ARLZ, ADAP... FDA Nod For TEVA, Cheers For PRTK, SRNE Hits Goal, SNY Launches Kids Toothpaste Drax Group Says Successful In Bid To Buy Louisiana Pellets Assets For $35.4 Mln Tesla Delivers Record 25,000 Vehicles In Q1 Dart Sees FY17 Profit Above Market, FY18 Profit In Line With Estimates; Stock Up Spotify's Deal With Universal Includes Paywall For New Releases EARNINGS SUMMARY: Details of A. Schulman Inc. Q2 Earnings Report CIT Completes $10.4 Bln Sale Of Commercial Aircraft Leasing Business To Avolon Copyright © 2017 RTTNews. All rights reserved. By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Service. About Us   |   Privacy   |   Feedback   |   Sitemap
Home Immunology March 30, 2017 Ready for spring allergies? March 30, 2017 by Kathleen Doheny, Healthday Reporter (HealthDay)—Spring routinely spells misery for allergy sufferers, but a recent survey reveals that most patients don't try to manage their symptoms until it's too late. The survey asked more than 1,000 adults with seasonal allergies and more than 500 parents of children with seasonal allergies how they prepared for the high pollen counts that come with warmer weather. The survey found that three out of four only thought about managing symptoms once they were experiencing those symptoms or when allergy season had already started. Also, more than half did not know what prescriptions were available to ease their allergy symptoms, while roughly a third did not know their allergy triggers or how to ease symptoms. And less than half of adults surveyed visited a doctor for advice or got a prescription for an allergy treatment before allergy season began. The survey was conducted by the Asthma and Allergy Foundation of America and drug maker Merck & Co. Not thinking about allergies until symptoms occur is inviting misery, said Dr. Rita Kachru, an allergist at UCLA Medical Center. "Once triggered, you are playing catch-up," she explained. So what can you do? Start by closing the windows in your home and staying indoors on high pollen count days, Kachru said. If you have to go outside and breathe in all those allergens, nasal gargling can help, Kachru said. This decreases exposure to the allergen before it binds to the nasal mucus and triggers the inflammatory response, she explained. To perform nasal gargling, buy an irrigation bottle, available at drug stores and online. Fill it with 8 ounces of distilled or boiled water that's been brought to room temperature. Add a half teaspoon of salt and a quarter teaspoon of baking soda. Halve the recipe for children, Kachru said. Sniff up the water from the tip of the bottle; 4 ounces per nostril for adults, half that for children. Never use unboiled tap water, she said. "Tap has a certain amount of bacteria that is not good up the nose," Kachru explained. But, nasal gargling usually doesn't appeal to small children, said Dr. Vivian Hernandez-Trujillo, section chief of allergy and immunology for Nicklaus Children's Hospital in Miami. Older children may balk too, she said. For them she prefers the neti pot to nasal gargling. A neti pot is a slightly different device from an irrigation bottle, although both are meant to help clear nasal passages. If children won't use either method, Hernandez-Trujillo recommends avoidance of allergens if possible. Otherwise, medications such as oral antihistamines, intranasal steroids and intranasal antihistamines can help, she said. Before using anything, however, it's crucial to identify if the symptoms are due to allergies, Hernandez-Trujillo said. It's best to get tested: Some parents think their child has allergies and it turns out to be a sinus infection. Talk to your primary care doctor or your pediatrician before using medication, she said, and ask about testing. Allergy shots, or immunotherapy, are another option, Kachru said. The course of treatment, with a small amount of the allergen injected to desensitize, is about three to five years. "The longer you do it, the better," she said. "Eighty-five percent of people who undergo allergy immunotherapy will be asymptomatic and have that last for eight to 10 years." Testing for allergies, done with either skin or blood tests, is generally covered by most health insurance plans, Kachru said. Explore further: Allergy sufferers can expect a bumper crop of weeds and pollen More information: Rita Kachru, M.D., assistant professor, clinical immunology and allergy, University of California, Los Angeles Health, and allergist, UCLA Medical Center, Santa Monica; Vivian Hernandez-Trujillo, M.D., section chief, allergy and immunology, Nicklaus Children's Hospital, Miami; February 2016 survey, Asthma and Allergy Foundation of America To learn more about allergies, visit the Asthma and Allergy Foundation of America. 0 shares feedback to editors Copyright © 2017 HealthDay. All rights reserved. Tweet Favorites Email Print PDF Featured Last comments Popular Chemists find that hookah tobacco heated electronically kills 70 percent more lung cells than traditional charcoal Apr 04, 2017 1 Marmite may be brain food, study says Apr 05, 2017 2 How the brain reacts to sleep deprivation Apr 05, 2017 0 Researchers discover a new cause of high plasma triglycerides Apr 05, 2017 0 New potential treatment target for inflammatory bowel disease patients Apr 04, 2017 0 more » Medical Xpress on facebook Related Stories Allergy sufferers can expect a bumper crop of weeds and pollen March 24, 2017 California experienced record rainfall this year and may have even made headway against the state's historic drought. Now that lush landscapes abound and spring is upon us, what does this mean for allergy sufferers? Welcome spring and still survive your allergies March 20, 2017 (HealthDay)—If you have seasonal allergies, the arrival of spring on Monday is probably less about warmth and flowers and more about itchy eyes and congestion. Easing your child's allergies June 16, 2016 (HealthDay)—Up to 40 percent of children in the United States have nasal allergies, the U.S. Food and Drug Administration says. Spring allergies? don't assume it's only pollen April 15, 2016 (HealthDay)—Spring allergy season is here, so if you know your triggers you can start reducing your symptoms, experts say. Hay fever sufferers prefer prescription medication, but use over-the-counter relief November 5, 2015 Anyone suffering with seasonal allergies knows the local pharmacy carries shelves full of over-the-counter medications to help manage symptoms. Unfortunately, most seasonal allergy sufferers take over-the counter (OTC) products ... When do allergy shots become necessary? April 12, 2016 The beauty of spring is upon us, but as lovely as it may be to look at, it can wreak havoc in your nose, throat and eyes. The higher the pollen count, the greater the misery. Recommended for you Altering the immune system to reverse paralysis April 3, 2017 In the ultimate betrayal, one's own immune system can turn against the protective sheath that envelops neurons in the brain, leaving the body paralyzed. Researchers have developed an experimental treatment that tames the ... FDA approves 1st drug for moderate and severe eczema cases March 28, 2017 U.S. regulators have approved the first powerful, injected medicine to treat serious cases of the skin condition eczema. 'Medicinal food' diet counters onset of type 1 diabetes March 27, 2017 Monash University's Biomedicine Discovery Institute researchers have led an international study that found - for the first time - that a diet yielding high amounts of the short-chain fatty acids acetate and butyrate provided ... Cell therapy approach could lead to novel treatments for asthma March 27, 2017 The incidence of asthma is increasing steadily, especially in developed countries. One of the reasons given for this rise is excessive levels of hygiene. Epidemiological studies have, indeed, shown that exposure to a so-called ... Team finds another immune system link science said didn't exist March 23, 2017 The University of Virginia School of Medicine has again shown that a part of the body thought to be disconnected from the immune system actually interacts with it, and that discovery helps explain cases of male infertility, ... Immune study in chickens reveals key hurdle for Campylobacter vaccine effort March 23, 2017 New University of Liverpool research reveals that the immune response of farmed chickens does not develop fast enough to fight off Campylobacter during their short lifespan. The findings have important implications in the ... 0 comments Please sign in to add a comment. Registration is free, and takes less than a minute. Read more Click here to reset your password. Sign in to get notified via email when new comments are made. Topics Addiction Alzheimer's disease & dementia Arthritis & Rheumatism Attention deficit disorders Autism spectrum disorders Cancer Cardiology Dentistry Diabetes Diseases, Conditions, Syndromes Genetics Health HIV & AIDS Immunology Inflammatory disorders Medical research Medications Neuroscience Obstetrics & gynaecology Ophthalmology Other Overweight and Obesity Parkinson's & Movement disorders Pediatrics Psychology & Psychiatry Sleep apnea Surgery Conditions Asthma Breast cancer Cardiovascular disease Chronic obstructive pulmonary disease Colon cancer Coronary artery disease Dementia Depression Heart attack Heart disease High blood pressure Influenza Kidney disease Leukemia Lung cancer Malaria Melanoma Multiple sclerosis Myocardial infarction Ovarian cancer Post traumatic stress disorder Rheumatoid arthritis Schizophrenia Skin cancer Stroke Type 2 diabetes Full List » Latest news Week's top Unread news Enter your Science X account credentials Remember me Forget password? Sign In Sign in with your Facebook or Google+ account Not a member? Register Profile Newsletter Favorites Activity PM My news Sign out top Home Search Mobile version Help About us FAQ Сontact Science X Account Sponsored Account Newsletter RSS feeds Cancer / Oncology HIV & AIDS news Immunology news Genetics news Connect Privacy Policy Terms of Use Medical Disclaimer © Medical Xpress 2011 - 2017, Science X network
Latest News Dow 20,663 +14.80 +0.07% Nasdaq 5,879 +14.47 +0.25% S&P 500 2,357 +4.54 +0.19% 3:03 A.M. ET Germany's DAX opens 0.5% lower at 12,177.39 3:01 A.M. ET France's CAC opens 0.4% lower at 5,101.33 3:01 A.M. ET U.K.'s FTSE 100 opens 0.2% lower at 7,287.01 3:00 A.M. ET Stoxx Europe 600 opens 0.3% lower at 379.54 2:25 A.M. ET Updated Oil futures leap after U.S. missile strikes on Syria 2:16 A.M. ET Japanese consumers' inflation expectations rise 2:16 A.M. ET Bets against U.K. retailers jump on Brexit jitters 12:53 A.M. ET June gold futures up $11.50, or 0.9%, to $1,264.80 an ounce 12:51 A.M. ET Nasdaq 100 futures down 11.25 points, or 0.2%, to 5,411 12:50 A.M. ET S&P 500 futures drop 4.7 points, or 0.2%, to 2,348 12:50 A.M. ET DJIA futures down 48 points, or 0.2%, to 20,556 12:50 A.M. ET U.S. stock futures pare losses in wake of U.S. airstrike against Syria 4/06 Updated Syrian media say air base suffered significant damage, casualties 4/06 Updated U.S. strikes Syrian air base with cruise missiles after chemical attack 4/06 Updated U.S. airstrike against Syria rattles stock-market futures 4/06 FCC chairman said to be planning rollback of net-neutrality regulations 4/06 Asian markets reverse early gains after U.S. airstrike 4/06 Updated How to hit a bulls-eye with your target-date mutual funds 4/06 Updated U.S. launches cruise missiles against Syria 4/06 Wal-Mart de Mexico sales growth sputters in Q1 Log In Home News Viewer Video SectorWatch Podcasts First Take Games Portfolio My MarketWatch News Viewer Markets U.S. Europe/Middle East Emerging Markets Asia Canada SectorWatch Columns Market Snapshot Movers & Shakers The Tell Currencies Futures Movers Pre-Market News Tools Earnings Wall Markets Overview IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar Currency Tools Futures Contracts Market Screener Hulbert Interactive Investing Stocks Mutual Funds ETFs Options Bonds Commodities Currencies Futures Financial Adviser Center Hedge Funds/Insider Trades Getting Started MarketWatch Adviser Columns Options Trader Revolution Investing Tools Stock Screener Funds Finder ETF Screener Options Screener IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar More... Personal Finance 10 Things Big Spender Real Estate Spending & Saving Taxes Columns The Moneyologist Brett Arends Bill Bischoff Amy Hoak Chuck Jaffe Jennifer Openshaw Jennifer Waters Tools Funds Finder Today's Rates Retirement Retire Here, Not There Encore Taxes How-to Guides Social Security Estate Planning Events Columns Robert Powell's Retirement Portfolio Andrea Coombes's Working Retirement Tools Retirement Planner How long will my money last? Economy Federal Reserve Capitol Report Economic Report Columns Darrell Delamaide Irwin Kellner Rex Nutting Tools Economic Calendar Real Estate Location Scouts realtor.com My MarketWatch Watchlist Alerts Games Log In Home Press Release Allergan Names Daphne Karydas as Senior Vice President of Global Investor Relations & Strategy By Published: Apr 6, 2017 4:15 p.m. ET Share DUBLIN, April 6, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- Allergan plc AGN, +0.24% a leading global biopharmaceutical company, today announced that Daphne Karydas will join the Company as Senior Vice President of Global Investor Relations and Strategy, effective April 17, 2017.  In this role, Ms. Karydas will lead the Company's engagement with the investment community, and will work with the Company's Executive Leadership Team to develop and execute the Company's long-term business strategy. Ms. Karydas will report to Tessa Hilado, Chief Financial Officer of Allergan. "I am delighted to name Daphne to this new role and excited to work with her to continue to enhance our relationships with the investment community, while simultaneously focusing on our long-term growth strategy," said Hilado. "Daphne's outstanding reputation and strong relationships across the financial community coupled with her deep healthcare and industry knowledge provides an excellent fit for this newly created role. She will be a vital leader for our organization as Allergan continues to deliver short- and long-term growth for our shareholders." "Daphne brings to our team a tremendous mix of financial, healthcare and biopharma industry leadership. She also brings an outstanding perspective on industry and macroeconomic trends that provide the fire power necessary to identify and set strategic objectives that enhance our Growth Pharma leadership position," said Brent Saunders, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of Allergan. "I am excited to work with Daphne as we continue building the most dynamic Company in the biopharmaceutical industry." Ms. Karydas has more than 16 years of industry experience as a leading institutional investor and financial analyst in the biopharmaceutical sector, most recently at J.P. Morgan Asset Management. Previously, she was a healthcare Equity Research Analyst and Portfolio Manager at The Boston Company Asset Management, a Bank of New York Mellon company. Before joining The Boston Company, Ms. Karydas was a Vice President at Goldman Sachs where she worked in the Investment Banking Division as well as Goldman Sachs Asset Management focused on healthcare companies. Earlier in her career, she was a Project Chemical Engineer at Merck & Co. in the Vaccines division where she focused on process development for novel vaccines. Ms. Karydas holds a B.A. and M.S. in chemical engineering from the Massachusetts Institute of Technology and an M.B.A. from Harvard Business School. About Allergan plc Allergan plc AGN, +0.24% headquartered in Dublin, Ireland, is a bold, global pharmaceutical company.  Allergan is focused on developing, manufacturing and commercializing branded pharmaceuticals, devices, surgical and biologic products for patients around the world. Allergan markets a portfolio of leading brands and best-in-class products for the central nervous system, eye care, medical aesthetics and dermatology, gastroenterology, women's health, urology and anti-infective therapeutic categories. Allergan is an industry leader in Open Science, the Company's R&D model, which defines our approach to identifying and developing game-changing ideas and innovation for better patient care. This approach has led to Allergan building one of the broadest development pipelines in the pharmaceutical industry with 70+ mid-to-late stage pipeline programs in development. Our Company's success is powered by our more than 16,000 global colleagues' commitment to being Bold for Life. Together, we build bridges, power ideas, act fast and drive results for our customers and patients around the world by always doing what is right. With commercial operations in approximately 100 countries, Allergan is committed to working with physicians, healthcare providers and patients to deliver innovative and meaningful treatments that help people around the world live longer, healthier lives every day. For more information, visit Allergan's website at www.Allergan.com. Forward-Looking Statement Statements contained in this press release that refer to future events or other non-historical facts are forward-looking statements that reflect Allergan's current perspective of existing trends and information as of the date of this release. Except as expressly required by law, Allergan disclaims any intent or obligation to update these forward-looking statements. Actual results may differ materially from Allergan's current expectations depending upon a number of factors affecting Allergan's business. These factors include, among others, the difficulty of predicting the timing or outcome of FDA approvals or actions, if any; the impact of competitive products and pricing; market acceptance of and continued demand for Allergan's products; difficulties or delays in manufacturing; and other risks and uncertainties detailed in Allergan's periodic public filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission, including but not limited to Allergan's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2016. Except as expressly required by law, Allergan disclaims any intent or obligation to update these forward-looking statements. CONTACTS:       Allergan: Investors:   Karina Calzadilla (862) 261-7328 Media:Mark Marmur (862) 261-7558 To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/allergan-names-daphne-karydas-as-senior-vice-president-of-global-investor-relations--strategy-300435866.html SOURCE Allergan plc Copyright (C) 2017 PR Newswire. All rights reserved Quote References AGN +0.57 +0.24% Most Popular U.S. airstrike against Syria rattles stock-market futures Amazon will create 30,000 part-time jobs, but Americans are desperate to work full-time This image of Jared Kushner is blowing up the internet Tesla fans, Barclays has a ‘reality pill’ for you Think you would win an argument with a robot? Watch this. MarketWatch Partner Center Sponsored Headlines MarketWatch Site Index Topics Help Feedback Newsroom Roster Media Archive Premium Products Mobile Company Company Info Code of Conduct Corrections Advertising Media Kit Advertise Locally Reprints & Licensing Broker Center Your Ad Choices Dow Jones Network WSJ.com Barron's Online BigCharts Virtual Stock Exchange Financial News Online WSJ.com Small Business realtor.com Mansion Global Back to Top Copyright ©2017 MarketWatch, Inc. All rights reserved. By using this site you agree to the Terms of Service, Privacy Policy, and Cookie Policy. Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. Intraday data delayed per exchange requirements. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real time last sale data provided by NASDAQ. More information on NASDAQ traded symbols and their current financial status. Intraday data delayed 15 minutes for Nasdaq, and 20 minutes for other exchanges. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. SEHK intraday data is provided by SIX Financial Information and is at least 60-minutes delayed. All quotes are in local exchange time. Advanced Search Stocks Columns Authors Topics No results found Allergan PLC U.S.: NYSE: AGN $238.34 +0.57 (+0.24%) Volume 1.5M Open $237.77 High $239.97 Low $237.15 P/E Ratio 6.37 Div Yield 0 Market Cap 79.7B Allergan PLC U.S.: NYSE: AGN $238.34 +0.57 (+0.24%) Volume 1.5M Open $237.77 High $239.97 Low $237.15 P/E Ratio 6.37 Div Yield 0 Market Cap 79.7B
Contact Us Journalists Blog Log In Sign Up Send a Release News Solutions Resources Search News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News dansk Deutsch español Français italiano Nederlands norsk português suomeksi svenska Allergan Names Daphne Karydas as Senior Vice President of Global Investor Relations & Strategy News provided by Allergan plc Apr 06, 2017, 16:15 ET Share this article DUBLIN, April 6, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- Allergan plc (NYSE: AGN), a leading global biopharmaceutical company, today announced that Daphne Karydas will join the Company as Senior Vice President of Global Investor Relations and Strategy, effective April 17, 2017.  In this role, Ms. Karydas will lead the Company's engagement with the investment community, and will work with the Company's Executive Leadership Team to develop and execute the Company's long-term business strategy. Ms. Karydas will report to Tessa Hilado, Chief Financial Officer of Allergan. "I am delighted to name Daphne to this new role and excited to work with her to continue to enhance our relationships with the investment community, while simultaneously focusing on our long-term growth strategy," said Hilado. "Daphne's outstanding reputation and strong relationships across the financial community coupled with her deep healthcare and industry knowledge provides an excellent fit for this newly created role. She will be a vital leader for our organization as Allergan continues to deliver short- and long-term growth for our shareholders." "Daphne brings to our team a tremendous mix of financial, healthcare and biopharma industry leadership. She also brings an outstanding perspective on industry and macroeconomic trends that provide the fire power necessary to identify and set strategic objectives that enhance our Growth Pharma leadership position," said Brent Saunders, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of Allergan. "I am excited to work with Daphne as we continue building the most dynamic Company in the biopharmaceutical industry." Ms. Karydas has more than 16 years of industry experience as a leading institutional investor and financial analyst in the biopharmaceutical sector, most recently at J.P. Morgan Asset Management. Previously, she was a healthcare Equity Research Analyst and Portfolio Manager at The Boston Company Asset Management, a Bank of New York Mellon company. Before joining The Boston Company, Ms. Karydas was a Vice President at Goldman Sachs where she worked in the Investment Banking Division as well as Goldman Sachs Asset Management focused on healthcare companies. Earlier in her career, she was a Project Chemical Engineer at Merck & Co. in the Vaccines division where she focused on process development for novel vaccines. Ms. Karydas holds a B.A. and M.S. in chemical engineering from the Massachusetts Institute of Technology and an M.B.A. from Harvard Business School. About Allergan plc Allergan plc (NYSE: AGN), headquartered in Dublin, Ireland, is a bold, global pharmaceutical company.  Allergan is focused on developing, manufacturing and commercializing branded pharmaceuticals, devices, surgical and biologic products for patients around the world. Allergan markets a portfolio of leading brands and best-in-class products for the central nervous system, eye care, medical aesthetics and dermatology, gastroenterology, women's health, urology and anti-infective therapeutic categories. Allergan is an industry leader in Open Science, the Company's R&D model, which defines our approach to identifying and developing game-changing ideas and innovation for better patient care. This approach has led to Allergan building one of the broadest development pipelines in the pharmaceutical industry with 70+ mid-to-late stage pipeline programs in development. Our Company's success is powered by our more than 16,000 global colleagues' commitment to being Bold for Life. Together, we build bridges, power ideas, act fast and drive results for our customers and patients around the world by always doing what is right. With commercial operations in approximately 100 countries, Allergan is committed to working with physicians, healthcare providers and patients to deliver innovative and meaningful treatments that help people around the world live longer, healthier lives every day. For more information, visit Allergan's website at www.Allergan.com. Forward-Looking Statement Statements contained in this press release that refer to future events or other non-historical facts are forward-looking statements that reflect Allergan's current perspective of existing trends and information as of the date of this release. Except as expressly required by law, Allergan disclaims any intent or obligation to update these forward-looking statements. Actual results may differ materially from Allergan's current expectations depending upon a number of factors affecting Allergan's business. These factors include, among others, the difficulty of predicting the timing or outcome of FDA approvals or actions, if any; the impact of competitive products and pricing; market acceptance of and continued demand for Allergan's products; difficulties or delays in manufacturing; and other risks and uncertainties detailed in Allergan's periodic public filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission, including but not limited to Allergan's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2016. Except as expressly required by law, Allergan disclaims any intent or obligation to update these forward-looking statements. CONTACTS:       Allergan: Investors:   Karina Calzadilla (862) 261-7328 Media: Mark Marmur (862) 261-7558 To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/allergan-names-daphne-karydas-as-senior-vice-president-of-global-investor-relations--strategy-300435866.html SOURCE Allergan plc Related Links http://www.allergan.com Apr 05, 2017, 16:30 ET Preview: Allergan Reports Topline Phase II Data Supporting Advancement of BOTOX® (onabotulinumtoxinA) for the Treatment of Major Depressive Disorder (MDD) My News Release contains wide tables. View fullscreen. Also from this source Apr 05, 2017, 16:30 ETAllergan Reports Topline Phase II Data Supporting Advancement of... Apr 05, 2017, 08:00 ETAllergan to Report First Quarter 2017 Earnings and Host... Explore More news releases in similar topics Biotechnology Health Care & Hospitals Medical Pharmaceuticals Pharmaceuticals Personnel Announcements You just read: Allergan Names Daphne Karydas as Senior Vice President of Global Investor Relations & Strategy News provided by Allergan plc Apr 06, 2017, 16:15 ET Share this article Looking to send a news release with PR Newswire? Take advantage of the world's leading distribution platform. Sign up to get started Request more information Have an account? Log In Phone 8AM - 10PM ET +1-888-776-0942 Send a Release Sign Up Blog For Journalists Contact Us Search Searching for your content... Advanced Search Contact PR Newswire 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Contact Us General Inquiries Request a Demo Editorial Bureaus Partnerships Media Inquiries Worldwide Offices Solutions Cision Communications Cloud™ For Marketers For Public Relations For IR & Compliance For Agency For Small Business All Products About About PR Newswire About Cision Become a Publishing Partner Become a Channel Partner Careers   Global Sites Asia Brazil Canada Europe Finland France India Israel Mexico Middle East Netherlands Sweden United Kingdom My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Terms of Use Privacy Policy Information Security Policy Statement Site Map RSS Feeds Copyright © 2017 PR Newswire Association LLC. All Rights Reserved. A Cision company. News Solutions Resources News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News dansk Deutsch español Français italiano Nederlands norsk português suomeksi svenska Phone +1-888-776-0942 8AM - 10PM ET Chat All contact info Send a ReleaseLog In
About About Medindia Medical Review Team Content Team Medindia Interviews Our Press Release Sitemap Advertise with Us Mobile Apps Careers Internship MedBlogs Login Register Explore Medindia Health Centers Information by Medical Specialty Free Homepages Health Websites Buy Online Medical Education Medicine & Movies Support Groups Health Laws Buy & Sell Medindia on Mobile Health Centers Anxiety & Depression Child Health Healthy Heart Diabetes View All Health and Wellness Doctors Health Insurance Health Laws View All Information by Medical Specialty Cardiology Dentistry Gastroenterology Neurology View All Health Tools Create Health Record Greetings Health Calculators View All Free Home Page Conference Doctors Hospitals NGO View All Health Websites - Categories Addiction AIDS and HIV Complementary Medicine View All Multimedia Animations Infographics Slideshow Videos View All Healthy Living Health Tips Lifestyle and Wellness Nutrition Facts Beauty Tips Home Remedies Travel & Health Yoga Consumer Health Doctors Health Tips Child Health Diet and Nutrition Senior Health View All Nutrition Facts Baby Foods Baked Products Breakfast Cereals View All Lifestyle and Wellness Fenugreek Diet during Typhoid Health Benefits of Soybean View All Beauty Tips Dark Circles Deep Sunken Eyes Eye Puffiness View All Diet and Nutrition Anti-ageing Foods Best Foods That Aid Digestion Bone Strengthening Foods View All Home Remedies Acidity Acne Alcoholism View All Obesity and Weight Loss Obesity Obesity and Carbohydrates Obesity and Malnutrition View All Complementary Medicine Acupuncture Ayurveda Aromatherapy View All News Health News A-Z Health News Central Latest Health News Leading Resources News Photo Gallery News Video Gallery Popular Health News Special Reports Latest Press Releases Press Releases A-Z Press Release Archive Submit Press Releases Writing a Press Release News Health News A-Z Health News Central Latest Health News Leading Resources News Photo Gallery News Video Gallery Health Special Reports Popular Health News Interviews and In depth Reports Health Watch Health In Focus India Special Lifestyle and Wellness Press Releases Latest Press Releases Press Releases A-Z Press Release Archive Press Release Comments Submit Press Releases Writing a Press Release Health A-Z Health Insurance Health Topics Health Encyclopedia First Aid Guide Health Facts Health Quiz Blood Tests Phobia Health Care Glossary Insurance Glossary Medical Acronyms Medical Aphorism Medical Mnemonics Health Guide Diet and Nutrition First Aid Guide Health Topics Health Encyclopedia Health Calculators Health Facts Health Quiz   Health News Health News RSS Medical Lab Test Medical Humour Phobias Press Release Surgical Procedures Drugs Drug Information Drug Price List Drug Brands in India Drug Toxicity Drugs by Conditions Drug Interaction with Foods Therapeutic Drug Classification Search Info Doctor Homepage Hospital Homepage Indian Doctors Online Search Open Access Journals Universities In India Articles Disease & Condition Diet & Nutrition Surgical Procedure Lifestyle and Wellness Investigation and Procedure Articles Preventive Health Symptom Articles Sleep Cancer Drug Related Articles Hair Loss Health Insurance Articles Health Screening Test e-Health Publications Complementary Medicine Condition By Specialty Health Topics Disease & Condition Diet & Nutrition Lifestyle and Wellness Symptom Articles Health Screening Test Surgical Procedures   First Aid Guide Cancer Hair Loss Health Facts Health Insurance Health Special Reports   Color Therapy Laboratory Test Medical Procedures Preventive Health Sleep   Travel and Health Yoga and Lifestyle Drug Related Articles e-Health Publications Complementary Medicine Calculators Diabetes Risk Assessment Calculator Pediatric Calculators Height and Weight Calculator Health Risk Assessment Tools Clinical Tools Cardiac Risk Calculator Lifestyle Interactive Tools Miscellaneous Tools Women's Health Calculator Men's Health Calculators Nutrition Calculator Pharma Tools Health Clock Conversion Calculators Latest Health Calculators Popular Health Calculators Diabetes Tools Blood Sugar-Conversion Blood Sugar Chart Diabetes Risk Assessment Calculator View All Pediatric Calculators Height and Weight for Children Development Milestone Immunisation View All Men's Health Check Your Prostate Gland Depression Calculator Preventive Health - Screening Tests View All Women's Health Multiple Pregnancy Calculator Ovulation Calculator Pregnancy Due Date Calculator View All Height Weight Tools Frame Size Calculator Height and Weight for Children Ideal Baby Weight Ideal Body Weight - Adults View All Cardiac Tools Activity Calorie Calculator Lifetime Risk of Heart Attack Cholesterol Risk Calculator View All Other Categories Cardiac Tools Clinical Tools Conversion Tools Health Clocks Health Risk Assessment Tools Lifestyle Interactive Tools Miscellaneous Tools Nutrition Utilities Pharma Tools Drugs Drugs by Condition Drug Information Drug Price Drug Brands in India Drug Toxicity FDA Approved Drugs ICD Codes Drug Interaction with Foods Therapeutic Drug Classification Drugs - Side Effects How to Take Drugs Drugs by Specialty Health Conditions Due to Drugs FDA Labeling Changes Ayurveda Drug Manufacturers Banned Drugs in India Drug Policy Drug Price - Act Pharma Councils Associations Pharma Links Drugs by Condition Abdominal Pain Abortion Acne View All Drug Information Aceclofenac Albendazole Ambroxol View All Drug Price List - Brand Names Acetaminophen Acyclovir Aspirin View All Drug Interaction with Food Alprazolam Amiodarone Amisulpride View All Drugs - Side Effects Abarelix Aclarubicin Alogliptin View All FDA Approved Drugs Ado-Trastuzumab Emtansine Alogliptin And Metformin Alogliptin And Pioglitazone View All Drug Database ICD Codes Drugs by Specialty Health Condtions Due to Drugs Drug Toxicity Drug Brands FDA Labeling Changes Therapeutic Classification of Drugs How to Take Drugs View All Directories Master Healthcare Directory Doctors Master Directory Doctor Directory Hospital Directory Chemist Directory Emergency Services Pharma Directory Surgical Suppliers NGO Directory International Hospital Directory Pincode Directory Ayuveda Colleges Dental Colleges Homepathy Colleges Medical Colleges Nursing Colleges Pharma Colleges Siddha Colleges Unani Colleges Doctor Directory Allopathy Doctors Allied Healthcare Members Add Doctors Doctor Master Directory Doctors by City Dentist Search By Specialty Hospital Directory Hospital Directory Hospitals by City International Hospital Directory Chemist Directory Add Chemists Chemist Directory Chemist Directory by City Surgical Suppliers Add Surgical Suppliers Surgical Suppliers Surgical Suppliers By City Pharma Directory Add Pharma Pharma Directory Pharma Directory by City Emergency Services Ambulance Blood Bank Day and Night Chemists Eye Bank Home Care Nursing Hospital Trauma Care Oxygen Services Education Universities In India Ministry of Health MCI Guidelines National Board of Examinations Surgical Training In UK CGFNS CGFNS Centers FRCS in UK MCQ Bank PLAB USMLE Centers USMLE Distance Education Topics International Journals Indian Journals Open Access Journals Colleges Medical Colleges Dental Colleges Nursing Colleges Pharma Colleges Homeopathy Colleges Ayurveda Colleges Unani Colleges Siddha Colleges PG Education Bio Informatics Degree Courses Diploma Courses Ministry of Health MCI Guidelines National Board of Examinations Surgical Training in UK Family Medicine Biomedical Ethics Chest Pain Classification of Burns Fever in Children Incision and Drainage of Abscess Low Back Pain Urinary Tract Infection View All Search Conferences Disease FAQs International Journals Indian Journals Journals Open Access Medical Dictionary Medical Acronyms Medical Mnemonics Other Resources CGFNS Centers Education News FRCS in UK Health Statistics Medical Electives MCQ Bank PLAB USMLE Centers More Health Polls Medindia Specials Syndromes Amazing Body Facts Health Survey World Health Days Consumer Protection Act Know your Body Health Statistics Medical Electives Medicine, Art & Literature Services Free Medical Downloads Advertise on Medindia Alumni Baby Names Buy and Sell E-Health Records Free Home Pages Mini Health Check up Medical Jobs Medindia Specials Health Acts in India Health Quotations Medical Aphorism Medical Conference Nobel Prize in Medicine Ribbon for a Cause Stamps on Doctors View All Health Insurance Health Insurance News Insurance Articles Insurance Companies- India Insurance Companies- United States Insurance Brokers List List of TPAs View All Other Health Resources ICD Codes Amazing Body Facts Health Poll Consumer Protection Act Health Survey Know Your Body Print Oath Syndromes World Health Days Medindia Research News New Insights To Protein Structure May Develop Potential Therapies by Madhumathi Palaniappan on  April 6, 2017 at 4:24 PM Research News The discovery of unexpected characteristics of a vital protein that is linked to blood pressure control and to nerve growth, pain control and heart tissue regeneration was found to open new paths to potential therapies for controlling heart diseases and pain. New Insights To Protein Structure May Develop Potential Therapies The study findings were published online in the journal Nature. ‘Unexpected characteristics of protein may open new paths to develop potential therapies for treating various chronic illnesses.’ The protein, called AT2, is one of a group of receptors that interact with the angiotensin II hormone, which regulates blood pressure. Angiotensin II receptor proteins are important factors in diabetes, hypertension, heart attack and congestive heart failure, and stroke. AT2 is also a member of a superfamily of proteins called G protein-coupled receptors, or GPCRs. These receptor proteins span the cell membrane, responding to different stimuli outside the cell -- nutrients, hormones and even light -- then triggering responses inside the cell. Because they are active in so many physiological processes in both healthy and disease states, GPCRs like AT2 are important drug targets. Delving into the Mystery While researchers have long been aware of AT2's physiological effects, how it acts remains a mystery. "AT2's activity has been observed on the organ and organism level, but how it works on the molecular level is not understood," said Vadim Cherezov, professor of chemistry, biological sciences, and physics and astronomy at the USC Dornsife College of Letters, Arts and Sciences. That's in part because AT2 doesn't behave like other GPCRs, according to Cherezov and Vsevolod Katritch, assistant professor of biological sciences and chemistry at USC Dornsife. Both scientists are also members of the Bridge Institute at the USC Michelson Center for Convergent Bioscience. "AT2 does not work through canonical signaling pathways for GPCRs," Katritch said. "It doesn't activate a G protein and it doesn't work through arrestins." In most cases, G proteins and a group of proteins called arrestins interact with a cleft that opens up on the intracellular side of GPCRs upon activation. When a stimulus triggers the GPCR from outside the cell, the GPCR activates a G protein or arrestin within the cell, which then relays the signal to other proteins in the cell, and so on, in something akin to a game of molecular "telephone." AT2, however, works through some other, currently unknown mechanisms of relaying the signals into the cell. To better understand AT2, Cherezov, Katritch and other scientists at the Bridge Institute collaborated with researchers at the Stanford Linear Accelerator Center (SLAC), Arizona State University and Merck & Co. to clarify its structure. The team bound two different molecules to AT2 as part of the process. The first molecule adhered only to AT2. The second bound both AT2 and its close relative, AT1. The scientists then used X-ray crystallography at a powerful X-ray free-electron laser (XFEL) source to determine AT2's structure. The SLAC facility, which hosts the world's first hard XFEL known as the Linac Coherent Light Source (LCLS), was key to uncovering these new findings. "This kind of room-temperature measurement on interesting membrane protein targets is something that LCLS is well-suited to perform," said SLAC staff scientist Mark Hunter. "Membrane proteins remain elusive targets for high-resolution structural studies, and researchers can spend many years trying to obtain crystals that are well ordered and large enough to use at conventional light sources." Startling Outcomes The X-ray crystallography results produced a trio of surprises. First, even though the two binding molecules were designed to inhibit and neutralize AT2, the researchers found that both seemed to do the opposite. "These molecules were derived from AT1 receptor blockers; therefore it was unexpected to find that they transform the AT2 receptor in an active-like state," Cherezov said. The researchers also saw that a helical section of the AT2 protein blocked the site where G proteins and arrestins normally interact. In most GPCRs, this flap of protein, known as helix VIII, lies along the inner surface of the cell membrane. "But in AT2, it's down, physically blocking the G protein and arrestin-binding site," Cherezov said. "That may explain why nobody could detect signaling through G proteins or arrestins when studying AT2." Finally, the crystal structure revealed previously unknown differences between the sites where small molecules, such as drugs, bind to AT2 and AT1. "The idea was always that receptors that are closely related and are activated by the same signal peptide should have similar binding pockets, so most drug discovery efforts for AT2 focused on the same chemical scaffolding that previously worked for AT1," Katritch said. "The startling differences between AT2 and AT1 ligand pockets that we see now will help us to have a fresh start on designing smaller, more drug-like molecules that are tailored to fit the AT2 receptor, which could set the drug discovery process in a different direction." First step to Targeted Therapies While noting that further research is needed, Cherezov said the current discovery is an important first step both to better understanding of similar atypical GPCRs and to potential new therapies. "The structure gives us the first clue of what's happening on a molecular level," he said. "We need to study further to really understand what other proteins it interacts with and how AT2 propagates signals in the cell. "This information then could be used to design selective drugs that specifically target AT2 and not AT1 or other GPCRs," he explained. That may be good news for patients coping with chronic conditions such as cardiovascular disease, diabetes and pain. Source: Eurekalert ← Link Found Between Self-Harming Behavior and Violence Towards Others Yo-Yo Dieting Linked to a Higher Risk for Stroke → Post your Comments Comments should be on the topic and should not be abusive. The editorial team reserves the right to review and moderate the comments posted on the site. * Your comment can be maximum of 2500 characters Notify me when reply is posted I agree to the terms and conditions Post Comments Your comments are automatically posted once they are submitted. All comments are however constantly reviewed for spam and irrelevant material (such as product or personal advertisements, email addresses, telephone numbers and website address). Such insertions do not conform to our policy and 'Terms of Use' and are either deleted or edited and republished. Please keep your comments brief and relevant.This section may also have questions seeking help. If you have the information you are welcome to respond, but please ensure that the information so provided is genuine and not misleading. You May Also Like Curbing Alcohol to Fight HIV Could Save Money in Kenya Tips That will Come Handy to Choose Sunscreen Quick Women Generally Prefer Looks Over Other Traits in Men Link Found Between Self-Harming Behavior and Violence Towards Others Related Links New Algorithms That Generate 3D Protein Structures may Revolutionize Drug Discoveries The ability to determine the 3D atomic structure of protein molecules is critical in understanding how they work and how they will respond to drug therapies. Mutant Prion Protein Helps Reveal Neurodegenerative Disease Mechanisms Mutant sheep scrapie prion lacks a stretch of amino acids that may be essential for infection. Research Provides New Insight Into Underlying Mechanism Of Cystic Fibrosis & Associated 'Gender Gap' In females, estrogen interferes with the protein channel complex,worsening the effects of CF and leading to higher mortality rates and shorter a lifespan. New Insights Detail Immature Zika Virus Structure New details related to the immature zika virus structure were revealed to develop effective antiviral treatments and vaccines. Diet and Nutrition Tips for Athletes A well balanced nutritious diet can help you keep physically fit and mentally alert not only during and after the sports events but all round the year. Magical Millets for Your Health Millets are far more nutrient dense than wheat and rice. They are inexpensive and tasty too. Nutritionists now advise switching to millets from wheat and rice. The Basics of Baby Food The healthiest baby foods can be made at home. Products from big brands that claim to develop infants health in a variety of ways are no match for nutritious home-made preparations. More News on: Magical Millets for Your Health The Basics of Baby Food Diet and Nutrition Tips for Athletes Nutrition IQ  News A - Z A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z News Search X Medindia Newsletters Subscribe to our Free Newsletters! Terms & Conditions and Privacy Policy. Stay Connected Follow @Medindia facebook Twitter Google Plus Linked in Stumbleupon Pinterest Delicious RSS Facebook What's New on Medindia Drugs for Erectile Dysfunction Erectile dysfunction linked to physical and psychological reasons can be treated with drugs to have ... Liver Transplantation Liver transplantation is a surgical option for the treatment of liver failure where the diseased ... How to Get Rid of Dark Circles through Facial Exercise Dark circles under the eyes can affect the quality of life. Adopting simple facial exercises and ... View All News Resource News Central Popular News Latest Health News News Category A-Z (500+) Health News and Press Release News Archive News Photo Gallery Lifestyle and Wellness Health Watch Health In Focus Celebrating Life Breaking Health News News From Other Resources India Special News Video Gallery Medindia Exclusive - Interviews and In depth Reports News Category AIDS/HIV News Alcohol & Drug Abuse News Alternative Medicine News Anti-Aging News Bird Flu News Cancer News Celebrity Health News Chikungunya News Child Health News Cholesterol News Clinical Trials News Corporate News Dengue News Dental News Diabetes News Diet & Nutrition News Drug News Education News Environmental Health General Health News Genetics & Stem Cells News Health Insurance News Heart Disease News Hospital News Hypertension News Indian Health News Lifestyle News Medical Gadgets Medical PDA News Medico Legal News Men´s Health News Mental Health News News on IT in Healthcare Nursing Profession News Obesity News Organ Donation News Research News Respiratory Disease News Senior Health News Sexual Health News Tropical Disease News Weight Loss Women Health News Surprising Insights on X-Ray Study Reveals Potential Drug Target Chemical Reaction in Eye can Boost our Vision We Are Born to Love Superheroes Discovery of Mini-Brains Could Change Understanding of Pain Medication Novel Flu Test Developed to Speed Up Respiratory Treatment More Research News News Archive Date: DAY 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 20 21 22 23 24 25 26 27 28 29 30 31 MONTH Jan Feb Mar Apr May Jun July Aug Sep Oct Nov Dec YEAR 2001 2002 2003 2004 2005 2006 2007 2008 2009 2010 2011 2012 2013 2014 2015 2016 2017 Category: All Categories AIDS/HIV News Alcohol & Drug Abuse News Alternative Medicine News Anti-Aging News Bird Flu News Cancer News Celebrity Health News Chikungunya News Child Health News Cholesterol News Clinical Trials News Corporate News Dengue News Dental News Diabetes News Diet & Nutrition News Drug News Education News Environmental Health General News Genetics & Stem Cells News Health Insurance News Heart Disease News Hospital News Hypertension News Indian Health News Lifestyle News Medical Gadgets Medical PDA News Medico Legal News Men´s Health News Mental Health News News on IT in Healthcare Nursing Profession News Obesity News Organ Donation News Press Release Research News Respiratory Disease News Senior Health News Sexual Health News Tropical Disease News Weight Loss Women Health News Keyword: About us Careers Benefits of Registration Advertising Policy Contact Us Press Sitemap Feedback Partnership Inquires Request to Use Medindia Content Unsubscribe Disclaimer - All information and content on this site are for information and educational purposes only. The information should not be used for either diagnosis or treatment or both for any health related problem or disease. Always seek the advice of a qualified physician for medical diagnosis and treatment. Full Disclaimer Advertise with us | Medindia Copyright | Privacy Policy | Terms of Use © All Rights Reserved 1997 - 2017 This site complies with the HONcode standard for trustworthy health information: verify here.
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 6 April 2017 by satprnews satprnews 3D Cell Culture Market Report, Trends, Size, Share, Analysis, Estimations and Forecasts to 2022. According to Stratistics MRC, the Global 3D Cell Culture Market is accounted for $375.25 million in 2015 and is expected to reach $1,520.15 million by 2022 growing at a CAGR of 22.1% during the forecast period. Increasing investment and R&D funding for cell based research, technological advancements and increasing demand for organ transplantation & tissue engineering are some of the factors boosting the market growth. However, high cost of research, and dearth of infrastructure for research in developing countries are anticipated to hamper the market growth. Hence it is an opportunity for players to increase in R&D spending in the growing market to gain the traction. By technology, scaffold-based segment dominated the global market with largest share owing to variety of material and structural choices for scaffold. North America accounted for largest share in the global market followed by Europe owing to rising government support, increasing incidence of cancer and introduction of new products in the market. Some of the key players in 3D Cell Culture market include Nano 3D Biosciences Inc, Tecan Trading AG, Corning Inc., 3D Biotek LLC, Reinnervate Ltd, Lonza Group, Becton, Dickinson and Company, 3D Biomatrix, Inc., VWR International LLC, PromoCell GmbH, InSphero AG, Nanofiber Solutions, Thermo Fisher Scientific, Global Cell Solutions, Inc., Sigma-Aldrich Corporation and Merck & Co., Inc. For More, Please Visit: http://www.strategymrc.com/report/3d-cell-culture-market Applications Covered: • In Vivo Applications for Stem Cells • Cell Based Assays/Toxicity Screening • 3D Printing/Microfluidics • Cancer Cell Research • Regenerative Medicine/Tissue Engineering • Other Applications End Users Covered: • Hospitals and Diagnostic Centers • Biotechnology and Pharmaceutical Industries • Research Laboratories • Other End Users Technologies Covered: • Scaffold Free o Microfluidics o 3-D Bioreactors o Ultra-Low Attachment Plates o Hanging Drop Plates o 3-D Petrisidhes o Magnetic Levitations & 3D Bioprinting • Scaffold Based o Micropatterened Surfaces o Hydrogels/Ecm Analogs o Solid Scaffolds Regions Covered: • North America o US o Canada o Mexico • Europe o Germany o France o Italy o UK o Spain o Rest of Europe • Asia Pacific o Japan o China o India o Australia o New Zealand o Rest of Asia Pacific • Rest of the World o Middle East o Brazil o Argentina o South Africa o Egypt What our report offers: – Market share assessments for the regional and country level segments – Market share analysis of the top industry players – Strategic recommendations for the new entrants – Market forecasts for a minimum of 7 years of all the mentioned segments, sub segments and the regional markets – Market Trends (Drivers, Constraints, Opportunities, Threats, Challenges, Investment Opportunities, and recommendations) – Strategic recommendations in key business segments based on the market estimations – Competitive landscaping mapping the key common trends – Company profiling with detailed strategies, financials, and recent developments – Supply chain trends mapping the latest technological advancements For More, Please Visit: http://www.strategymrc.com/report/3d-cell-culture-market https://twitter.com/StratisticsMRC Follow us on LinkedIn: https://www.linkedin.com/company/stratistics-market-research-consulting-pvt-ltd?trk=mini-profile Contact Details: Contact Person: James Lamb Email: info@strategymrc.com Phone: +1-301-202-5929 / +1-301-202-7681 Website: www.strategymrc.com About Stratistics MRC We offer wide spectrum of research and consulting services with in-depth knowledge of different industries. We are known for customized research services, consulting services and Full Time Equivalent (FTE) services in the research world. We explore the market trends and draw our insights with valid assessments and analytical views. We use advanced techniques and tools among the quantitative and qualitative methodologies to identify the market trends. Our research reports and publications are routed to help our clients to design their business models and enhance their business growth in the competitive market scenario. We have a strong team with hand-picked consultants including project managers, implementers, industry experts, researchers, research evaluators and analysts with years of experience in delivering the complex projects. For more information, please visit Stratistics Market Research Consulting Pvt Ltd CategoriesUncategorized TagsBusiness, Google News, Industry, Markets, satPRnews, Technology, World Post navigation Previous PostPrevious HighRadius to Present the Research-based Facts Behind Check and Electronic Payment Processing Next PostNext Fun & Addictive New One-Touch Arcade Game “Tap Tap in Galaxy” is Simple to Understand and Tough to Master Search Recent Posts In Vitro Diagnostics Market Report, Trends, Size, Share, Analysis, Estimations and Forecasts to 2022. Real-Time E-Healthcare System Market to register a healthy CAGR for the forecast period, 2015-2025 Red Pine Exploration Grants Stock Options Research report covers the Obesity Management Market Forecasts and Growth, 2015-2025 Offshore Crane Market Report, Trends, Size, Share, Analysis, Estimations and Forecasts to 2022. Business Directory Business Contacts Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 6 April 2017 by Military News Sensitech explores how real-time data collection ensures valuable decision making within the supply chain (1888PressRelease) April 06, 2017 – Sensitech, major key players in the global supply chain process management solutions market, has joined the speaker line-up for SMi Group’s 11th Pharmaceutical Logistics conference. Senior Manager Strategic Marketing for Life Sciences EMEA Olivier Simonnot will be presenting a keynote evaluating the collection of data in real-time, as well as best practices associated with its value for decision making at the shipment and at the strategic levels. The presentation will benefit attendees to address problems at the shipment level before they escalate and to understand where to focus resources to increase carrier performance while reducing costs. Mr Simmonot will also provide strategies on how to strengthen supply chain visibility as well as to implement geo-fences, red zones, and driver tracking to ensure that SOPs are being followed. He joins a lineup of seasoned experts Exelcius, Seer Pharma, Johnson and Johnson, Merck, Sharpe and Dohme, GlaxoSmithKline, Eli Lilly, Sanofi, IATA, AstraZeneca, ASC Associates, TEDAC, Turkish Cargo, GS1, TAPA, GIRP and more. The full roster of the speakers as well as their presentations can be viewed at www.pharmaceutical-logistics.com/1888 The 11th Pharmaceutical Logistics Event will also provide in-depth discussions on the demands of temperature regulation, warehousing and supply chain efficacy, innovation within clinical trial logistics, and regulatory considerations within the pharmaceutical industry. More information can be found on the event website. Pharmaceutical Logistics Conference 11th Annual Conference: 18th & 19th May Copthorne Tara Hotel, London, UK www.pharmaceutical-logistics.com/1888 Contact Information: For sponsorship and exhibition queries please contact Alia Malick at amalick ( @ ) smi-online dot co dot uk dot For delegate queries please contact Fateja Begum at fbegum ( @ ) smi-online dot co dot uk dot For media queries please contact Honey de Gracia at hdegracia ( @ ) smi-online dot co dot uk dot About SMi Group: Established since 1993, the SMi Group is a global event-production company that specializes in Business-to-Business Conferences, Workshops, Masterclasses and online Communities. We create and deliver events in the Defence, Security, Energy, Utilities, Finance and Pharmaceutical industries. We pride ourselves on having access to the world’s most forward thinking opinion leaders and visionaries, allowing us to bring our communities together to Learn, Engage, Share and Network. More information can be found at http://www.smi-online.co.uk ### CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Patient Advocacy Leaders to Gather and Discuss Industry Challenges and Solutions Next PostNext NC Investment Advisor Cited by Social Science Research Network in Top 10% of Article Downloads in March of 2017 Search Recent Posts Global Outlook of Electronic Design Automation Market: A Comprehensive Industry Overview with Latest Innovations and Trends Forecast 2021 TakeLessons Acquires Chromatik, a Digital Music Company Las Vegas, NV Author Publishes Second Novel Menifee, CA Author Publishes Children’s Book Geistlich Leads Brazil Dental Bone Graft Substitutes Market Despite Major Competition from Off-Label Imitation Products Business Directory Business Contacts Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 6 April 2017 by satprnews satprnews Pediatric Vaccines Market Report, Trends, Size, Share, Analysis, Estimations and Forecasts to 2022. According to Stratistics MRC, the Global Pediatric Vaccines market is estimated at $XX million in 2015 and is expected to grow at a CAGR of XX% to reach $XX million by 2022. Rising government and non-government financial support for development of vaccine is the major driver for the pediatric vaccine market. Increasing innovative technologies such as therapeutic and adjuvant vaccines are anticipated to fuel the pediatric vaccine market during the forecast period. Moreover, increasing expenditure of vaccines, little accessibility to remote areas and strict regulation for approval of vaccines are some of the factors hampering the global pediatric vaccine market. Infectious diseases segment is expected to grow at a faster rate during the forecast period. North America dominates the global market for pediatric vaccines followed by Europe. Moreover, the Asia Pacific is likely to report the highest CAGR during the forecast period, driven by the high birth rate in China and India. Some of the key players in the market include Johnson and Johnson, Abbott Laboratories, Baxter International, Eli Lilly and Company, Sanofi S.A, Novo Nordisk A/S, Bharat Biotech International Limited, Actelion Pharmaceuticals Ltd, Genentech, Inc., Shire Pharmaceuticals Group Plc, Merck & Co. Inc, Bristol-Myers Squibb Company, Amgen Inc., Novartis AG and Boehringer Ingelheim GmbH. For More, Please Visit: http://www.strategymrc.com/report/pediatric-vaccines-market Diseases type Covered: • Cancer and allergy • Infectious disease o Pneumococcal disease o Influenza o Diphtheria o Rotavirus o Tetanus o Haemophilus Influenzae type b (Hib) o Meningococcal o Hepatitis A o Hepatitis B o Rubella o Mumps o Measles o Pertussis o Varicella (chickenpox) o Polio Products Covered: • Anti-infective drugs • Pediatric hormones • Allergy & respiratory drugs • CNS drugs Vaccines type Covered: • Synthetic vaccines • Conjugate vaccines • Live attenuated vaccines • Dendritic cells vaccines • Toxoid vaccines • Recombinant vector vaccines • Subunit vaccines • Inactivated vaccines Regions Covered: • North America o US o Canada o Mexico • Europe o Germany o France o Italy o UK o Spain o Rest of Europe • Asia Pacific o Japan o China o India o Australia o New Zealand o Rest of Asia Pacific • Rest of the World o Middle East o Brazil o Argentina o South Africa o Egypt What our report offers: – Market share assessments for the regional and country level segments – Market share analysis of the top industry players – Strategic recommendations for the new entrants – Market forecasts for a minimum of 7 years of all the mentioned segments, sub segments and the regional markets – Market Trends (Drivers, Constraints, Opportunities, Threats, Challenges, Investment Opportunities, and recommendations) – Strategic recommendations in key business segments based on the market estimations – Competitive landscaping mapping the key common trends – Company profiling with detailed strategies, financials, and recent developments – Supply chain trends mapping the latest technological advancements For More, Please Visit: http://www.strategymrc.com/report/pediatric-vaccines-market https://twitter.com/StratisticsMRC Follow us on LinkedIn: https://www.linkedin.com/company/stratistics-market-research-consulting-pvt-ltd?trk=mini-profile Contact Details: Contact Person: James Lamb Email: info@strategymrc.com Phone: +1-301-202-5929 / +1-301-202-7681 Website: www.strategymrc.com About Stratistics MRC We offer wide spectrum of research and consulting services with in-depth knowledge of different industries. We are known for customized research services, consulting services and Full Time Equivalent (FTE) services in the research world. We explore the market trends and draw our insights with valid assessments and analytical views. We use advanced techniques and tools among the quantitative and qualitative methodologies to identify the market trends. Our research reports and publications are routed to help our clients to design their business models and enhance their business growth in the competitive market scenario. We have a strong team with hand-picked consultants including project managers, implementers, industry experts, researchers, research evaluators and analysts with years of experience in delivering the complex projects. For more information, please visit Stratistics Market Research Consulting Pvt Ltd CategoriesUncategorized TagsBusiness, Google News, Industry, Markets, satPRnews, Technology, World Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Global Audio Module Market 2021: Segmentation by Manufacturers, application, type & regions Next PostNext Global Data Center Automation Market By Solution Types, Service, Operating Environment, End users, Geography, Trends and Forecast to 2022 Posted on 6 April 2017 by satprnews satprnews Pediatric Vaccines Market Report, Trends, Size, Share, Analysis, Estimations and Forecasts to 2022. According to Stratistics MRC, the Global Pediatric Vaccines market is estimated at $XX million in 2015 and is expected to grow at a CAGR of XX% to reach $XX million by 2022. Rising government and non-government financial support for development of vaccine is the major driver for the pediatric vaccine market. Increasing innovative technologies such as therapeutic and adjuvant vaccines are anticipated to fuel the pediatric vaccine market during the forecast period. Moreover, increasing expenditure of vaccines, little accessibility to remote areas and strict regulation for approval of vaccines are some of the factors hampering the global pediatric vaccine market. Infectious diseases segment is expected to grow at a faster rate during the forecast period. North America dominates the global market for pediatric vaccines followed by Europe. Moreover, the Asia Pacific is likely to report the highest CAGR during the forecast period, driven by the high birth rate in China and India. Some of the key players in the market include Johnson and Johnson, Abbott Laboratories, Baxter International, Eli Lilly and Company, Sanofi S.A, Novo Nordisk A/S, Bharat Biotech International Limited, Actelion Pharmaceuticals Ltd, Genentech, Inc., Shire Pharmaceuticals Group Plc, Merck & Co. Inc, Bristol-Myers Squibb Company, Amgen Inc., Novartis AG and Boehringer Ingelheim GmbH. For More, Please Visit: http://www.strategymrc.com/report/pediatric-vaccines-market Diseases type Covered: • Cancer and allergy • Infectious disease o Pneumococcal disease o Influenza o Diphtheria o Rotavirus o Tetanus o Haemophilus Influenzae type b (Hib) o Meningococcal o Hepatitis A o Hepatitis B o Rubella o Mumps o Measles o Pertussis o Varicella (chickenpox) o Polio Products Covered: • Anti-infective drugs • Pediatric hormones • Allergy & respiratory drugs • CNS drugs Vaccines type Covered: • Synthetic vaccines • Conjugate vaccines • Live attenuated vaccines • Dendritic cells vaccines • Toxoid vaccines • Recombinant vector vaccines • Subunit vaccines • Inactivated vaccines Regions Covered: • North America o US o Canada o Mexico • Europe o Germany o France o Italy o UK o Spain o Rest of Europe • Asia Pacific o Japan o China o India o Australia o New Zealand o Rest of Asia Pacific • Rest of the World o Middle East o Brazil o Argentina o South Africa o Egypt What our report offers: – Market share assessments for the regional and country level segments – Market share analysis of the top industry players – Strategic recommendations for the new entrants – Market forecasts for a minimum of 7 years of all the mentioned segments, sub segments and the regional markets – Market Trends (Drivers, Constraints, Opportunities, Threats, Challenges, Investment Opportunities, and recommendations) – Strategic recommendations in key business segments based on the market estimations – Competitive landscaping mapping the key common trends – Company profiling with detailed strategies, financials, and recent developments – Supply chain trends mapping the latest technological advancements For More, Please Visit: http://www.strategymrc.com/report/pediatric-vaccines-market https://twitter.com/StratisticsMRC Follow us on LinkedIn: https://www.linkedin.com/company/stratistics-market-research-consulting-pvt-ltd?trk=mini-profile Contact Details: Contact Person: James Lamb Email: info@strategymrc.com Phone: +1-301-202-5929 / +1-301-202-7681 Website: www.strategymrc.com About Stratistics MRC We offer wide spectrum of research and consulting services with in-depth knowledge of different industries. We are known for customized research services, consulting services and Full Time Equivalent (FTE) services in the research world. We explore the market trends and draw our insights with valid assessments and analytical views. We use advanced techniques and tools among the quantitative and qualitative methodologies to identify the market trends. Our research reports and publications are routed to help our clients to design their business models and enhance their business growth in the competitive market scenario. We have a strong team with hand-picked consultants including project managers, implementers, industry experts, researchers, research evaluators and analysts with years of experience in delivering the complex projects. For more information, please visit Stratistics Market Research Consulting Pvt Ltd CategoriesUncategorized TagsBusiness, Google News, Industry, Markets, satPRnews, Technology, World Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Global Audio Module Market 2021: Segmentation by Manufacturers, application, type & regions Next PostNext Global Data Center Automation Market By Solution Types, Service, Operating Environment, End users, Geography, Trends and Forecast to 2022 Search Recent Posts Nutritional High Intl Inc. (SPLIF: OTCQB) | Nutritional High provides an update on its investee company Aura Health Corp. Levon Resources Ltd. (LVNVF: OTCQX International) | Levon to Complete Resource Infill Drilling to Test a Starter Pit Scenario Fission Uranium Corp. (FCUUF: OTCQX International) | Fission Confirms R1515W Zone with 2nd Well-Mineralized Hole: 48.0m Total Composite Mineralization, Including 4.44m Total Composite &gt;10,000 cps Freddie Mac (FMCC: OTCQB) | Freddie Mac Prices $1.3 Billion Multifamily K-Deal, KF29 Global Vibration Frequency Sensor Market 2017 analysis and Industry Forecast Business Directory Business Contacts Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 6 April 2017 by satprnews satprnews Remicade Biosimilar Market Forecast Research Reports Offers Key Insights About the drug and drug class: Biosimilar can be defined as a type of biological product that is highly similar to an already FDA approved drug, known as reference biological product. Biosimilars are drugs licensed by U.S. FDA and European Medicine Agency (EMA) and reflect no clinical and meaningful differences from the reference products in terms of safety, purity, efficacy and effectiveness. These biosimilar drugs can only be approved for the indications and conditions that have been previously approved for the reference product by big regulatory agencies. Remicade (infliximab) is a monoclonal antibody originally produced by Janssen Biotech Inc., and Merck & Co. (MSD) in partnership and licensed by the U.S. FDA in 1998. It is used in the treatment of Crohn’s disease in both adult and pediatric patients. Additionally it is also used for treatment of active ulcerative colitis, moderate to severe rheumatoid arthritis in combination with methroxate, spinal and active psoriatic arthritis, and plaque psoriasis. The U.S. FDA has approved a biosimilar drug similar to Remicade, named Inflectra, on 05 April, 2016, which is expected to erode the market share of Remicade due to lower competitive pricing. Inflectra (infliximab dyyb) is sold in the European market, after receiving an approval from the EMA’s CHMP in June, 2013 under the brand name Remsima (developed by South Korea’s Celltrion Healthcare and marketed by Pfizer’s Hospira). The drug Remsima is sold at a discount of 30% than that of original Remicade in 11 European markets including UK, France, Germany and Italy. Another Japanese company, Nippon Kayaku launched Infliximab BS in Japan on 28 November 2014 – however, the Japanese license only covers Crohn’s disease, rheumatoid arthritis and ulcerative colitis indications. The U.S. FDA has now launched Remicade’s biosimilar Inflectra, which is only the second biosimilar drug to be approved by the agency. Request Report Sample@ http://www.futuremarketinsights.com/reports/sample/rep-gb-1413 Drivers and Restraints: Drivers for the Remicade biosimilar include rising incidence of autoimmune diseases particularly rheumatoid arthritis and plaque psoriasis, early patent expiry of the branded version, discounted pricing across the European market and faster reaction times due to intravenous mode of administration. Further, entry of biosimilar version could provide financial relief on healthcare systems and improve patient’s accessibility to essential medication. Barriers of the Remicade biosimilar include serious side effects associated with the use of drug that could lead to hospitalization or even be fatal. These include tuberculosis, bacterial sepsis, invasive fungal infections (such as histoplasmosis) and others. As such, manufacturer of the drug has been mandated to include a “Boxed Warning” to alert both healthcare professionals and patients. Further, complex nature of the molecule and lack of FDA approved facilities for manufacturing the drug are factors that could restrain the growth of the drug’s market in developing regions. Visit For TOC@ http://www.futuremarketinsights.com/toc/rep-gb-1413 Market Segmentation: The Remicade (infliximab) biosimilar market is segmented based on approved disease indications and regions. By Disease Indication Crohn’s disease Rheumatoid arthritis Ankylosing spondylitis Psoriatic arthritis Ulcerative Colitis Plaque psoriasis By Regions North America Western Europe Eastern Europe Asia Pacific excluding Japan Japan Latin America MEA Market Overview: Early loss of patent exclusivity is one the major factors that could fuel attractive market growth of the Remicade biosimilar over the forthcoming years. Rising prevalence of relevant autoimmune disorders coupled with discounted pricing of the Remicade biosimilar in European markets are factors expected to contribute to increased referral and consumption of the drug. Development of faster approval procedures and proper U.S. FDA approved manufacturing facilities in the regional nodal countries are factors that contribute to increased drug uptake. Further, distinct naming and transparent labeling to ensure correct prescribing and dispensing and enhanced post-marketing surveillance are factors that could contribute largely towards prescriber confidence, and enhanced market uptake of the drug over the coming years. However, safety issues concerning manufacturing facilities along with potential side effects of drug consumption could hamper for acceptance of infliximab biosimilar over the long run. Remicade Biosimilar Market: Region- wise Outlook: Depending on geographic regions, global Remicade biosimilar market is segmented into seven key regions: North America, South America, Eastern Europe, Western Europe, Asia Pacific excluding Japan, Japan and Middle East & Africa. In terms of geography, Europe dominates the Remicade biosimilar market, followed by Japan and Latin America. The prime reason for the same is the launch of the biosimilar version soon after the patent expiry of the branded version. However, systematic and faster drug review process is expected to create revenue traction in markets over North America and other regions. Stringent regulatory approval procedures and streamlined manufacturing guidelines, particularly in the Central and South American nations, could lead to development of effective regional manufacturing and distribution strategies for Remicade biosimilars. Finally, rising government support for development of biosimilar drugs and low switching tendency from physicians secure the future market growth of the biosimilar in the near term. Remicade Biosimilar Market: Key Players: Some of the key market players in Remicade (infliximab – mAb) market are Janssen Biotech Inc., Merck &Co., Pfizer Inc. (AC. Hospira), Celltrion Inc., Alvogen, Napp Pharmaceuticals, and Nippon Kayaku. CategoriesUncategorized TagsGoogle News, Remicade Biosimilar Market, satPRnews Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Hazardous Location Thermostats Market Size, Status, Share and Technology Forecast to 2022 Next PostNext GeckoSystems Intl. Corp. (GOSY: OTC Pink Current) | GeckoSystems, an AI Robotics Co., Initiates Tech Transfer to Premier Chinese Robot Co. Search Recent Posts New Report Explores the World Drilling Bits Market Overview with Forecast To 2021 Vitality Biopharma, Inc. (VBIO: OTCQB) | Vitality Biopharma Announces International Patent Filing for Neural Repair Treatments Nutritional High Intl Inc. (SPLIF: OTCQB) | Nutritional High Provides Q2 Operational Update and Financial Results DIBZ International, Inc. (DIBZ: OTC Pink Current) | Turbo Global Partners Announces Fat Dog Spirits, LLC Executes Distribution Partnership with Opici Family Distributing AltiGen Communications, Inc. (ATGN: OTCQB) | AltiGen Communications, Inc. to Announce Second Quarter Fiscal Year 2017 Results Business Directory Business Contacts Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 6 April 2017 by Military News Anti-Viral Drugs Market Worth to cross USD 62.67 Billion at CAGR of 6.9% by 2022 Market Research Future Anti-Viral Drugs Market Analysis by Application (Hepatitis, HIV/AIDS, Herpes) and Mechanism of Action (Nucleotide Polymerase Inhibitors) – Forecast to 2022 Major Key Players are Merck & Co. Inc., Gilead Sciences Inc., Hoffmann-La Roche Ltd., GlaxoSmithKline Plc, Abbott Laboratories, Novartis International AG” — Market Research Future PUNE, MAHARASHTRA, INDIA, April 5, 2017 /EINPresswire.com/ — Market Overview: Anti-Viral Drugs are used to treat viral infections and are the only agents acting against viruses as either other drugs are ineffective or too toxic. The market segment of anti-viral drugs is driven by factors such as rise in healthcare expenditure, growing research and development investment, emergence of virus life-threatening diseases like bird flu, strong development pipeline and increasing incidence rates of viral infections particularly HIV. WHO has estimated that in 2015 about 36.7 million people are suffering from HIV/AIDS with 1.1 million deaths occurring due to AIDS-related illness the emergence of donor funding in the treatment of the disease has also increased the demands of anti-viral drug market. Strong research pipeline coupled with rise in research and development investment will be the market driver of the future. The constraints on the market include side effects associated with treatment, the cost of the therapy and poor efficacy and effectiveness of the drugs.The Global Anti-Viral Drugs Market has been evaluated as a growing market and it is expected that the market will touch high growth figures in future. The global anti-viral drugs market is expected to grow with CAGR of ~6.9% during the forecast period. There has been consolidation of the market as a few players have come to dominate the market due to acquisitions and mergers. Sample Copy of Report @ https://www.marketresearchfuture.com/sample_request/2454 Key Players: The major participants of this market are: Johnson & Johnson, Merck & Co. Inc., Gilead Sciences Inc., Hoffmann-La Roche Ltd., GlaxoSmithKline Plc, Abbott Laboratories, Novartis International AG, AstraZeneca AB, Cipla Inc. and others. Regional Analysis: Depending on geographic region, anti-viral drugs market is segmented into four key regions: America, Europe, Asia Pacific, and Middle East & Africa. Globally, America is the largest market for anti-viral drugs with Europe tied for the second space. Asia Pacific region is expected to be fastest growing region in anti-viral drugs market. Access the market data and market information presented through more than 25 market data tables and 25 figures spread over 84 numbers of pages of the project report “Global Anti-Viral Drugs Market – Forecast to 2022” Market Segmentation: Global anti-viral drugs market has been segmented on the basis of on the basis of application, which comprises hepatitis, HIV/AIDS, herpes, influenza and others. On the basis of mechanism of action; market is segmented into nucleotide polymerase inhibitors, reverse transcriptase inhibitors, protease inhibitors and others. Access Report Details @ https://www.marketresearchfuture.com/reports/anti-viral-drugs-market-2454 Intended Audience • Anti-viral drugs Manufacturers • Anti-viral drugs Suppliers • Private Research Laboratories • Research and Development (R&D) Companies • Market Research and Consulting Service Providers • Government Research Laboratories • Contract Manufacturing Organizations List of Tables Table 1 Global Anti-Viral Drugs Market, 2013-2022 (USD MILLION) Table 2 Global Anti-Viral Drugs Market, By Application, 2013-2022 (USD MILLION) Table 3 Global Anti-Viral Drugs Market, By Mechanism of Action, 2013-2022 (USD MILLION) Continued….. About Market Research Future: At Market Research Future (MRFR), we enable our customers to unravel the complexity of various industries through our Cooked Research Report (CRR), Half-Cooked Research Reports (HCRR), Raw Research Reports (3R), Continuous-Feed Research (CFR), and Market Research & Consulting Services. MRFR team have supreme objective to provide the optimum quality market research and intelligence services to our clients. Our market research studies by products, services, technologies, applications, end users, and market players for global, regional, and country level market segments, enable our clients to see more, know more, and do more, which help to answer all their most important questions. In order to stay updated with technology and work process of the industry, MRFR often plans & conducts meet with the industry experts and industrial visits for its research analyst members. Akash Anand Market Research Future +1 646 845 9312 email us here CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious 10 UAE locals to compete among others for 2 IFBB Pro Cards Next PostNext Educational benefits celebrated at the NSW DoE Oliver v5 roll out completion event Search Recent Posts Global Outlook of Electronic Design Automation Market: A Comprehensive Industry Overview with Latest Innovations and Trends Forecast 2021 TakeLessons Acquires Chromatik, a Digital Music Company Las Vegas, NV Author Publishes Second Novel Menifee, CA Author Publishes Children’s Book Geistlich Leads Brazil Dental Bone Graft Substitutes Market Despite Major Competition from Off-Label Imitation Products Business Directory Business Contacts Proudly powered by WordPress
Menu Topics Business Impact Connectivity Intelligent Machines Rewriting Life Sustainable Energy 10 Breakthrough Technologies 35 Innovators Under 35 50 Smartest Companies Views Views from the Marketplace Top Stories Magazine Events More Events Special Publications MIT News Magazine Help/Support Log in / Register Subscribe Log in / Register Search Click search or press enter SIMON LANDREIN Rewriting Life Can “Digital Therapeutics” Be as Good as Drugs? Entrepreneurs are betting on apps that improve—or just replace—prescription medication. by Christina Farr April 7, 2017 What if an app could replace a pill? That’s the big question behind an emerging trend known as “digital therapeutics.” The idea: software that can improve a person’s health as much as a drug can, but without the same cost and side-effects. Digital therapeutics, or “digiceuticals,” as some call them, have become a Holy Grail in some quarters of Silicon Valley, where investors see the chance to deliver medicine through your smartphone. Andreessen Horowitz, the venture firm, even predicts digital drugs will become “the third phase” of medicine, meaning the successor to the chemical and protein drugs we have now, but without the billion-dollar cost of bringing one to market.   “It’s going to seem backwards and even barbaric that our solution to everything was just giving out pills,” partner Vijay Pande wrote on the investment company’s blog. But defining exactly what a digital therapeutic actually is can be as elusive as finding the famous chalice. “It’s still a fluid space that everyone is trying to categorize,” says Peter Hames, the British CEO of a startup called Big Health, which offers an online therapy program for insomnia suffers called sleep.io that it claims can replace “pills or potions” with visualization exercises. Hames says digital therapies fall into two groups, which he calls “medication augmentation” and “medication replacement.” He says sleep.io is in the latter category because it actually makes sleeping pills unnecessary. “We’ve been able to show through multiple peer-reviewed studies that the outcomes are better than drugs,” he says. The term digital therapeutics began to circulate around 2013, in large part due to Sean Duffy, CEO of Omada Health. He began using it at conferences and in the company’s marketing materials to describe its online coaching software to help pre-diabetics avoid getting sick by exercising more and losing weight. Recommended for You FDA Opens Genetic Floodgates with 23andMe Decision A Robot with Its Head in the Cloud Tackles Warehouse Picking Meet the Guys Who Sold “Neuralink” to Elon Musk without Even Realizing It Self-Driving and Electric Cars Are Going to Have Tons of Strange Effects on Society Quantum Computing Now Has a Powerful Search Tool About a dozen startups now call themselves digital therapeutics providers, and say they’re distinct from the rest of the digital health market of activity monitors, smart scales, and sleep trackers. To distinguish themselves from “wellness” gadgets, digital therapeutics companies tend to carry out clinical tests and sometimes seek regulatory approvals –one company, Welldoc, offers a prescription-only version of its BlueStar phone app for managing diabetes, which it terms the “first FDA-cleared mobile prescription therapy.” But unlike drugs, digital therapeutics don’t usually need approval by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration, since often they promote lifestyle or dietary changes that are deemed to be low-risk. Whether a digital therapeutic involves a tracking sensor or coaching though an app, the biggest question is whether they provide a distinct, measureable medical benefit. One startup calling itself a digital therapeutics company is Virta Health, based in San Francisco. The company raised $37 million in March. Its goal is to actually “reverse” diabetes without drugs or surgery using online coaching to get people on a special diet high in fats and low on carbs. It has a study by Indiana State University to back up the claim—about half of the 262 people with type 2 diabetes enrolled in a 10-week trial were able to reduce their blood glucose levels to non-diabetic ranges. Steve Kraus, an investor at Bessemer Venture Partners, says he thinks digital therapeutics will be a “real thing, I really do,” but he says it’s not clear how many people will succeed with lifestyle intervention in the long run. Instead, he says, digital therapeutics used “in combination” with drugs, to make them work better, could be the idea’s sweet spot. What’s the most serious disease that a “digital” treatment could cure? Tell us in the comments. Some digital companies are already allying with pharmaceutical makers. One, Propeller Health, inked a deal with GlaxoSmithKline for what it calls a “digitally guided therapy” platform. The approach combines Glaxo’s asthma medications with sensors, made by Propeller, that patients attach to their inhalers to monitor when they’re used. Patients who get feedback from Propeller’s app end up using the medication less often. To win adoption, digital therapeutics companies have striven to mimic the drug industry’s practices and standards. Big Health, based in San Francisco, went as far as testing a placebo version of its insomnia app against the real thing. One group of insomnia-sufferers were given plausible-sounding, but fake, online visualization exercises; the other received the actual cognitive behavioral therapy that Big Health says works. The digital treatment “absolutely spanked the placebo,” says Hames. Hames believes that someday digital therapeutics companies may even outstrip drug companies when it comes to evidence. “We’re digital, so we’re going to have a firehose of data,” he says. Drugmakers don’t always track real-world results of their pills once clinical trials are done. But digital therapeutics companies could easily keep getting data. “It’s not in the drug company’s interest because they have already sold the drug,” he says. “Meanwhile, the insurance companies will say to us, ‘You have the data, so why don’t you just tell us?’” Some drug company executives remain skeptical. Robert Plenge, vice president at Merck’s research labs, had to look up “digital therapeutics” when asked whether they were important. “I don’t totally understand what you mean,” he says. “Which might in and of itself be your answer.” Plenge doesn’t think the idea would have much impact on drug development and questioned whether digital companies will be able to prove their offerings are worth the price. But some digital therapies are already much cheaper than your average drug. At Big Health, people are charged $400 a year, or about $33 a month, to use the insomnia software. The sleeping pill Ambien, by contrast, costs $73 for six tablets, or six nights of shut-eye. A notable difference is that insurance often pays most of the cost of drugs and insurers are still getting used to digital therapeutics. Omada Health, which bills employers and insurance plans $140 a month for the first four, then $20 per month, in 2016 again broke ground when Medicare agreed to reimburse the cost of its digital diabetes prevention program. Ambar Bhattacharyya, with Maverick Ventures, says he thinks insurers are ready to talk about covering digital therapies more widely. “This is an imminent issue that I suspect will be figured out within a year,” he says. If it’s good news, he says, the space is poised to explode. Get stories like this before anyone else with First Look. Subscribe today Already a Premium subscriber? Log in. Tagged Propeller Health, digital therapeutics, digiceuticals, digital drugs, Omada Health, Big Health Credit Illustration by Simon Landrein Christina Farr Guest Contributor Subscribe to Continue Reading Uh oh–you've read all of your free articles for this month. Become an Insider for unlimited access to online stories for less than $15 per month. Subscribe Insider Premium $179.95/yr US PRICE Subscribe See international, alumni and other pricing options Already an Insider? Log in. Have a magazine subscription? Activate your Insider account. Recommended for You FDA Opens Genetic Floodgates with 23andMe Decision A Robot with Its Head in the Cloud Tackles Warehouse Picking Meet the Guys Who Sold “Neuralink” to Elon Musk without Even Realizing It Self-Driving and Electric Cars Are Going to Have Tons of Strange Effects on Society Quantum Computing Now Has a Powerful Search Tool More from Rewriting Life Reprogramming our bodies to make us healthier. FDA Opens Genetic Floodgates with 23andMe Decision Gene-testing companies will be able to directly tell consumers their risk for certain diseases. by Emily Mullin Meet the Guys Who Sold “Neuralink” to Elon Musk without Even Realizing It What’s in a name? Neuralink is a lot sweeter now that a billionaire is behind it. by Antonio Regalado U.S. Government Moves Forward with Tests of Novel Zika Vaccine Flexible vaccines made from DNA could be used to counter emerging threats. by Emily Mullin More from Rewriting Life From Our Advertisers Sponsored by IBM Digital Consequences in partnership with SAP AI is the New Black Provided by BBVA The Next Step in Finance: Exponential Banking Want more award-winning journalism? Subscribe and become an Insider. Insider Premium {! insider.prices.premium !}* {! insider.display.menuOptionsLabel !} Our award winning magazine, unlimited access to our story archive, special discounts to MIT Technology Review Events, and exclusive content. {! insider.buttons.premium.buttonText !} See details+ What's Included Bimonthly home delivery and unlimited 24/7 access to MIT Technology Review’s website. The Download. Our daily newsletter of what's important in technology and innovation. Access to the Magazine archive. Over 24,000 articles going back to 1899 at your fingertips. Special Discounts to select partner offerings Discount to MIT Technology Review events Ad-free web experience First Look. Exclusive early access to stories. Insider Conversations. Join in and ask questions as our editors talk to innovators from around the world. Insider Plus {! insider.prices.plus !}* Best Value {! insider.display.menuOptionsLabel !} Everything included in Insider Basic, plus ad-free web experience, select discounts to partner offerings and MIT Technology Review events {! insider.buttons.plus.buttonText !} See details+ What's Included Bimonthly home delivery and unlimited 24/7 access to MIT Technology Review’s website. The Download. Our daily newsletter of what's important in technology and innovation. Access to the Magazine archive. Over 24,000 articles going back to 1899 at your fingertips. Special Discounts to select partner offerings Discount to MIT Technology Review events Ad-free web experience Insider Basic {! insider.prices.basic !}* {! insider.display.menuOptionsLabel !} Six issues of our award winning magazine and daily delivery of The Download, our newsletter of what’s important in technology and innovation. {! insider.buttons.basic.buttonText !} See details+ What's Included Bimonthly home delivery and unlimited 24/7 access to MIT Technology Review’s website. The Download. Our daily newsletter of what's important in technology and innovation. * {! insider.display.footerLabel !} See international prices See U.S. prices Revert to MIT Enterprise Forum pricing Revert to standard pricing The Download What's important in technology and innovation, delivered to you every day. Follow us Twitter Facebook RSS   The mission of MIT Technology Review is to equip its audiences with the intelligence to understand a world shaped by technology. Browse International Editions Company About Us Careers Advertise with Us Reprints and Permissions Press Room Your Account Log In / Create Account Newsletters Manage Account Manage Subscription Customer Support Help/FAQs Contact Us Feedback Sitemap More Events MIT Enterprise Forum MIT News Policies Ethics Statement Terms of Service Privacy Commenting Guidelines MIT Technology Review © 2016 v.|eiπ| / You've read all of your free articles this month. This is your last free article this month. You've read of free articles this month. Subscribe now or log in for unlimited online access.
Premium News Sport Business Money Opinion Obituaries Travel Tech & Science Culture Film TV Lifestyle Fashion Luxury Cars Video Free Mobile App Jobs Financial Services Rewards Events Dating Offers Shop Garden Shop Bookshop Box Office Puzzles Fantasy Football Wine Shop Work at The Telegraph Log out My Account Subscribe Rewards Search Video Login Register Subscribe Rewards Search Video Log out Rewards My Account Search Video Home News Sport Business ALL SECTIONS Business Economy Companies Opinion Markets Brexit A-Z Alex Telegraph Connect Events DEN More Telegraph Business ADHD video-game treatment moves closer to approval as PureTech steps up pipeline Tom Rees 6 April 2017 • 3:53pm A video-game based treatment designed to help sufferers of ADHD could be on the market within two years after passing a key clinical stage in its development, London-listed bio-pharmaceutical company PureTech Health has announced. Daphne Zohar, chief executive, also revealed that PureTech’s Gelesis product, a tablet that expands in the stomach to provide a feeling of fullness and help weight loss, would also be available within two years following positive results from studies. The company has also recently started developing a treatment for pancreatic cancer, which currently has a low, five-year survival rate. Ms Zohar said that Evo, a video game-based therapy developed by its subsidiary Akili that is intended to improve attention deficit hyperactivity disorder, was currently undergoing a randomised controlled pivotal study, the final stage before it is brought to the US Food and Drug Administration for approval. “About 30pc of patients that are diagnosed with ADHD don't want to have drug treatment and there's another 20pc or so that don't respond well to drugs,” said Ms Zohar, who co-founded the company in 2015. Should it get the green light, Evo will be the first treatment of its kind approved by the FDA. A screenshot from Evo PureTech is fully funded until the end of 2018 and is using its collaborations with big pharmaceutical companies such as Shire, Amgen, Merck and Pfizer to help commercialise its products. The company floated on the London Stock Exchange in late 2015, raising $160m to finance its development projects. “Because of the strong relationships we have in the pharmaceutical industry there is potential for partnerships to commercialise assets. A very big focus for us is partnering with the pharmaceutical companies to move these products to patients,” Ms Zohar said. Revenues more than halved in 2016 to $4.4m (£3.5m) from $11.8m (£9.5m), while pre-tax losses widened to $83.2m from $56m. “We don't consider ourselves a revenue-stage company. The idea is we launch these products and they could be multi-billion dollar products,” said Ms Zohar. Numis analyst Stefan Hamil said that the increased losses reflected the company’s stepped-up investments into its portfolio and that 2016 had been a “productive year”. PureTech Health’s shares dipped slightly to a low of 115.5p following the results. Share this article Follow Telegraph Business Follow on Facebook Follow on Twitter Follow on LinkedIn Related Topics Pharmaceutical industry Health ADHD Show more Galleries Gallery 05 Apr 2017, 12:18pm Gallery: Are these the world's most luxurious shopping centres? Gallery 04 Apr 2017, 4:36pm Gallery: Eight times companies changed their names - for good or ill Gallery 01 Apr 2017, 12:01am Gallery: These nine changes took effect in the UK from April 1 Business latest 07 Apr 2017, 7:45am Troubled Co-operative Bank receives 'proposals' from several potential buyers 07 Apr 2017, 7:33am Comment: The Co-op Bank is (almost) dead. Long live the Co-op Bank James Quinn Premium 07 Apr 2017, 6:00am Comment: Tom Hayes' case doesn't restore bank trust or offer insight into the financial crisis Juliet Samuel Premium 07 Apr 2017, 12:01am Feelunique accelerates French expansion with Beautyst buy 06 Apr 2017, 11:28pm Comment: Has Paul Polman done enough to stop Unilever being someone else's lunch? Ashley Armstrong Premium 06 Apr 2017, 11:19pm Dominic Chappell told to aid BHS inquiry 06 Apr 2017, 11:09pm Comment: Regulatory reform must be mirrored across the pond Mark Boleat Premium 06 Apr 2017, 10:19pm Uber-rival Lyft valued at over $7bn in fundraising 06 Apr 2017, 8:46pm Comment: Global Britain or isolationist island? Brexit has set us up for a monumental clash of ideas Jeremy Warner Premium 06 Apr 2017, 6:21pm Mike Ashley-backed Findel fills chief exec job for first time since 2015 06 Apr 2017, 6:02pm Liberty owner sews up needle market with Wool & the Gang deal 06 Apr 2017, 5:04pm FTSE 100 falters as risk appetite sours on Fed minutes and as Donald Trump meets Chinese President Xi Jinping 06 Apr 2017, 3:37pm Two ex-Barclays traders acquitted of rigging Libor 06 Apr 2017, 3:37pm Negative rates vital to keeping growth going, says Draghi  06 Apr 2017, 3:30pm Free banking could disappear if global interest rates stay low, IMF warns 06 Apr 2017, 3:28pm Serica Energy on the hunt for North Sea deals as cash pile grows 06 Apr 2017, 3:15pm Broking giant TP ICAP rethinks bosses' pay after investor backlash 06 Apr 2017, 2:19pm Spotify plans flotation - without an IPO 06 Apr 2017, 2:04pm Shares in Electrocomponents rise on sunny outlook 06 Apr 2017, 1:40pm Family businesses are 'less productive than other firms' 06 Apr 2017, 12:48pm National Grid to pay power plants to shut down this summer If you would like to add a comment, please register or log in Register Log in Contact us Rewards Archive Reader Prints Advertising Syndication Guidelines Privacy Terms and Conditions Leave your feedback © Telegraph Media Group Limited 2017 We've noticed you're adblocking. We rely on advertising to help fund our award-winning journalism. We urge you to turn off your ad blocker for The Telegraph website so that you can continue to access our quality content in the future. Thank you for your support. Need help? Click here for instructions Close
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 6 April 2017 by Military News PureTech’s Akili Announces Pilot Study Results 6 April 2017 PureTech Health plc PureTech’s Akili Announces Results from a Project EVO™ Pilot Study Demonstrating Improved Cognitive Control in Children with Sensory Processing Dysfunction and Attentional Deficits   Results show neurological changes in prefrontal cortex, providing additional evidence of targeted neurological mechanism of proprietary technology platform   Study published by collaborators at the University of California San Francisco   PureTech Health plc („PureTech”, LSE: PRTC), an advanced, clinical-stage biopharmaceutical company, announced results from a Project: EVO™ pilot study conducted by collaborators at the University of California San Francisco (UCSF) and published in PLOS ONE.  The study found that Akili Interactive Labs’ (a subsidiary of PureTech Health) digital treatment candidate Project: EVOTM improved cognitive control test scores of neurotypical children and children with Sensory Processing Dysfunction (SPD) both with and without attention impairments. Importantly, treatment with Akili’s Project: EVOTM also produced neurological changes in the prefrontal cortex of the brain and improved attention symptoms of children with SPD and inattention/hyperactivity.   Daphne Zohar, Co-Founder and Chief Executive Officer at PureTech Health, said: „At PureTech Health we are committed to exploring and understanding the full potential of our programmes through pilot and mechanistic studies with our academic collaborators. The results from this study are encouraging and positive, as they provide additional support for the targeted neurological mechanism of our proprietary Akili technology platform.”   The full text of the announcement from Akili is as follows:   Akili Announces Results from Pilot Study Showing Treatment with Project EVO™ Improves Cognitive Control in Children with Sensory Processing Dysfunction and Attentional Deficits   Results show neurological changes in prefrontal cortex, providing additional evidence of targeted neurological mechanism of proprietary technology platform   BOSTON and SAN FRANCISCO, April 5, 2017 – Akili Interactive Labs, Inc. („Akili”), today announced results from a pilot study, conducted by collaborators at the University of California San Francisco („UCSF”), evaluating the efficacy and possible neurological mechanisms of Project: EVOTM, a digital treatment being developed by Akili, in children with Sensory Processing Dysfunction (SPD) with and without attention impairments compared to typically developing children. Improvements on tests of cognitive control were observed in all groups, but the children with SPD and inattention/hyperactivity showed greater improvement in the Vanderbilt Assessment Scale as well as neurological changes in the prefrontal cortex of the brain. The results, published in PLOS ONE, provide additional evidence of a neurological mechanism underlying treatment response, and underscore the potential of a new kind of neurological targeting approach to treat patients based on specific clinical features.   In the open-label pilot study, 57 children received at-home treatment with Project: EVO for four weeks and subsequently underwent post-treatment cognitive, behavioural, and neurological assessment. Although all children showed improvement in measures of cognitive control after training, only the children with SPD and inattention showed statistically significant improvements in real world function using the Vanderbilt Assessment (n=20; p<0.001), a gold-standard parent-rating scale of real-world symptoms and function. Furthermore, a stimulus-locked EEG measure characterising the brain’s immediate response to specific stimuli showed robust change in the SPD+IA group (p<0.001). After treatment, 33% of this group showed a reduction of parent-reported symptoms large enough that they no longer met the clinical criteria for inattention. Follow-up analyses 9 months later showed maintenance of the parent-reported benefits that correlated with the neurological signal related to how the brain’s prefrontal cortex processes and controls incoming sensory information (p=0.042).   „These findings are quite exciting given that they both reproduce critical elements of the study of this technology in older adults and suggest that this treatment approach can have powerful effects across the lifespan and in distinct populations with specific cognitive deficits,” said Joaquin A. Anguera, PhD, Assistant Professor in the Departments of Neurology and Psychiatry at UCSF and lead author of this study. The prototype technology was originally published as the cover story in Nature, showing neurological changes and cognitive improvements in healthy older adults (Anguera et al., 2013; Nature).   The trial, which was conducted in two phases, initially assessed cognitive, behavioural, and neurological measurements of 62 children to quantify attentional abilities and the neurological underpinnings of these abilities. This study included a subset of children with SPD (roughly 54% of the sample) who were also stratified by an inattention/hyperactivity based on the Vanderbilt Assessment. The study found that children with SPD and inattention/hyperactivity performed worse at baseline on measures of cognition as well as the neurological measure (midline frontal theta power), compared to typically developing children and the SPD children who did not meet the inattention criteria.   „We’re encouraged to see not only the magnitude and duration of what appears to be a meaningful treatment effect, but also continued validation of the targeted neurological mechanism of our technology,” said Eddie Martucci Ph.D., Chief Executive Officer of Akili. „We are currently in the midst of a large-scale, randomized, controlled trial in ADHD, and we are excited to continue our clinical research to validate our digital treatments in populations where we can have a meaningful impact.”   „Once again, we are reminded by this study that it is critical to assess specific domains of function in our children with neurodevelopmental differences, in this case attention/cognitive control,” said Elysa Marco, MD, Associate Professor in the Departments of Neurology, Psychiatry, and Pediatrics at UCSF and an author on the study. „Once an area of challenge is identified, specifically targeting that skill or challenge can make a difference not only in brain activity but also in the classroom.”   Akili’s Project: EVOTM is currently being evaluated in a large, multi-site, randomised controlled trial in patients with paediatric ADHD that may serve the basis of the company’s submission to the FDA for clearance as a medical device treatment for the paediatric disorder. The company is developing other treatment and screening products that are based on the same technology that targets cognitive control to address a significant unmet need in various patient populations with cognitive deficiencies.   Akili and the investigators of the trial are conducting ongoing work to further study attention characterisation and treatment and paediatric cognitive disorders.   About Akili’s Products Akili’s technologies are based on a proprietary neuroscience approach developed to target specific neurological systems through sensory and digital mechanics. The company’s lead, patent-pending technology platform (used in this trial) is based on cognitive science exclusively licensed from the lab of Dr. Adam Gazzaley at the University of California, San Francisco, and proprietary adaptive algorithms developed at Akili, all built into action video game interfaces. The platform powers both assessment and treatment products, which deploy real-time, adaptive cognitive challenges and interventions, respectively. Both products target the brain’s interference processing system (an individual’s core ability to process multiple streams of information), a key function underlying cognitive control.   Akili is currently conducting multiple clinical trials of its leading digital medicine platform across a variety of patient populations, including paediatric ADHD, autism spectrum disorder (in collaboration with Autism Speaks), depression, Alzheimer’s disease and traumatic brain injury.   About Akili Interactive Labs, Inc. Akili is building clinically validated cognitive treatments and assessments that are delivered in an action video game interface. Leveraging medical-grade science and consumer-grade software technology, the company is seeking to produce a new type of medical product that can offer safe and effective scalable treatment and better monitoring for patients across a range of mental health and neurological conditions. The company was founded by and is a subsidiary of  PureTech Health (PRTC.L), together with leading neuroscientists and game designers. Akili’s lead product candidate, Project: EVOTM, is currently being evaluated in a pivotal trial in patients with paediatric ADHD that may serve the basis of the company’s submission to the FDA for clearance as a medical device treatment for the paediatric disorder. Akili has garnered investment from Shire PLC, Amgen Ventures and Merck Ventures BV, Amsterdam, The Netherlands, a subsidiary of Merck KGaA, Darmstadt, Germany (known as M Ventures in the United States and Canada), and it has strategic partnerships with Pfizer Inc. and Autism Speaks. PureTech Health plc (PRTC.L) owns 56.5% of the company as of 31 December 2016. This is calculated on a diluted basis, including issued and outstanding shares, options outstanding warrants, , as well as written commitments to issue options, but excluding unallocated shares authorised to be issued pursuant to equity incentive plans. About PureTech Health PureTech Health (PureTech Health plc, PRTC.L) is a cross-disciplinary, advanced, clinical-stage biopharmaceutical company developing novel medicines that modulate the adaptive human systems. PureTech’s therapies target the dysfunctions in the immune, nervous, and gastro-intestinal systems by addressing the underlying pathophysiology of disease from a systems perspective rather than through a single receptor or pathway. The company is advancing a rich pipeline that includes multiple human proof-of-concept studies and pivotal or registration studies expected to read out over the next 12 to 18 months. PureTech Health’s growing research and development pipeline has been developed in collaboration with some of the world’s leading scientific experts, who along with PureTech’s experienced team and a stellar board identify, analyse and advance very selectively the opportunities the company believes hold the most promise for patients. This experienced and engaged team places PureTech Health at the forefront of ground-breaking science and technological innovation and leads the company between and beyond existing disciplines. For more information, visit www.puretechhealth.com or connect with us on Twitter @puretechh.   Forward Looking Statement This press release contains statements that are or may be forward-looking statements, including statements that relate to the company’s future prospects, developments and strategies. The forward-looking statements are based on current expectations and are subject to known and unknown risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results, performance and achievements to differ materially from current expectations, including, but not limited to, those risks and uncertainties described in the risk factors included in the regulatory filings for PureTech Health plc. These forward-looking statements are based on assumptions regarding the present and future business strategies of the company and the environment in which it will operate in the future. Each forward-looking statement speaks only as at the date of this press release. Except as required by law and regulatory requirements, neither the company nor any other party intends to update or revise these forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise.   For further information: PureTech Health FTI Consulting   Allison Mead +1 617 651 3156 amead@puretechhealth.com   Ben Atwell, Matthew Cole +44 (0) 20 3727 1000     CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Watch VIVO Indian Premier League/IPL 2017 LIVE on CricketGateway.com Next PostNext Multi-disciplinary contract awarded in Kuwait Posted on 6 April 2017 by Military News PureTech’s Akili Announces Pilot Study Results 6 April 2017 PureTech Health plc PureTech’s Akili Announces Results from a Project EVO™ Pilot Study Demonstrating Improved Cognitive Control in Children with Sensory Processing Dysfunction and Attentional Deficits   Results show neurological changes in prefrontal cortex, providing additional evidence of targeted neurological mechanism of proprietary technology platform   Study published by collaborators at the University of California San Francisco   PureTech Health plc („PureTech”, LSE: PRTC), an advanced, clinical-stage biopharmaceutical company, announced results from a Project: EVO™ pilot study conducted by collaborators at the University of California San Francisco (UCSF) and published in PLOS ONE.  The study found that Akili Interactive Labs’ (a subsidiary of PureTech Health) digital treatment candidate Project: EVOTM improved cognitive control test scores of neurotypical children and children with Sensory Processing Dysfunction (SPD) both with and without attention impairments. Importantly, treatment with Akili’s Project: EVOTM also produced neurological changes in the prefrontal cortex of the brain and improved attention symptoms of children with SPD and inattention/hyperactivity.   Daphne Zohar, Co-Founder and Chief Executive Officer at PureTech Health, said: „At PureTech Health we are committed to exploring and understanding the full potential of our programmes through pilot and mechanistic studies with our academic collaborators. The results from this study are encouraging and positive, as they provide additional support for the targeted neurological mechanism of our proprietary Akili technology platform.”   The full text of the announcement from Akili is as follows:   Akili Announces Results from Pilot Study Showing Treatment with Project EVO™ Improves Cognitive Control in Children with Sensory Processing Dysfunction and Attentional Deficits   Results show neurological changes in prefrontal cortex, providing additional evidence of targeted neurological mechanism of proprietary technology platform   BOSTON and SAN FRANCISCO, April 5, 2017 – Akili Interactive Labs, Inc. („Akili”), today announced results from a pilot study, conducted by collaborators at the University of California San Francisco („UCSF”), evaluating the efficacy and possible neurological mechanisms of Project: EVOTM, a digital treatment being developed by Akili, in children with Sensory Processing Dysfunction (SPD) with and without attention impairments compared to typically developing children. Improvements on tests of cognitive control were observed in all groups, but the children with SPD and inattention/hyperactivity showed greater improvement in the Vanderbilt Assessment Scale as well as neurological changes in the prefrontal cortex of the brain. The results, published in PLOS ONE, provide additional evidence of a neurological mechanism underlying treatment response, and underscore the potential of a new kind of neurological targeting approach to treat patients based on specific clinical features.   In the open-label pilot study, 57 children received at-home treatment with Project: EVO for four weeks and subsequently underwent post-treatment cognitive, behavioural, and neurological assessment. Although all children showed improvement in measures of cognitive control after training, only the children with SPD and inattention showed statistically significant improvements in real world function using the Vanderbilt Assessment (n=20; p<0.001), a gold-standard parent-rating scale of real-world symptoms and function. Furthermore, a stimulus-locked EEG measure characterising the brain’s immediate response to specific stimuli showed robust change in the SPD+IA group (p<0.001). After treatment, 33% of this group showed a reduction of parent-reported symptoms large enough that they no longer met the clinical criteria for inattention. Follow-up analyses 9 months later showed maintenance of the parent-reported benefits that correlated with the neurological signal related to how the brain’s prefrontal cortex processes and controls incoming sensory information (p=0.042).   „These findings are quite exciting given that they both reproduce critical elements of the study of this technology in older adults and suggest that this treatment approach can have powerful effects across the lifespan and in distinct populations with specific cognitive deficits,” said Joaquin A. Anguera, PhD, Assistant Professor in the Departments of Neurology and Psychiatry at UCSF and lead author of this study. The prototype technology was originally published as the cover story in Nature, showing neurological changes and cognitive improvements in healthy older adults (Anguera et al., 2013; Nature).   The trial, which was conducted in two phases, initially assessed cognitive, behavioural, and neurological measurements of 62 children to quantify attentional abilities and the neurological underpinnings of these abilities. This study included a subset of children with SPD (roughly 54% of the sample) who were also stratified by an inattention/hyperactivity based on the Vanderbilt Assessment. The study found that children with SPD and inattention/hyperactivity performed worse at baseline on measures of cognition as well as the neurological measure (midline frontal theta power), compared to typically developing children and the SPD children who did not meet the inattention criteria.   „We’re encouraged to see not only the magnitude and duration of what appears to be a meaningful treatment effect, but also continued validation of the targeted neurological mechanism of our technology,” said Eddie Martucci Ph.D., Chief Executive Officer of Akili. „We are currently in the midst of a large-scale, randomized, controlled trial in ADHD, and we are excited to continue our clinical research to validate our digital treatments in populations where we can have a meaningful impact.”   „Once again, we are reminded by this study that it is critical to assess specific domains of function in our children with neurodevelopmental differences, in this case attention/cognitive control,” said Elysa Marco, MD, Associate Professor in the Departments of Neurology, Psychiatry, and Pediatrics at UCSF and an author on the study. „Once an area of challenge is identified, specifically targeting that skill or challenge can make a difference not only in brain activity but also in the classroom.”   Akili’s Project: EVOTM is currently being evaluated in a large, multi-site, randomised controlled trial in patients with paediatric ADHD that may serve the basis of the company’s submission to the FDA for clearance as a medical device treatment for the paediatric disorder. The company is developing other treatment and screening products that are based on the same technology that targets cognitive control to address a significant unmet need in various patient populations with cognitive deficiencies.   Akili and the investigators of the trial are conducting ongoing work to further study attention characterisation and treatment and paediatric cognitive disorders.   About Akili’s Products Akili’s technologies are based on a proprietary neuroscience approach developed to target specific neurological systems through sensory and digital mechanics. The company’s lead, patent-pending technology platform (used in this trial) is based on cognitive science exclusively licensed from the lab of Dr. Adam Gazzaley at the University of California, San Francisco, and proprietary adaptive algorithms developed at Akili, all built into action video game interfaces. The platform powers both assessment and treatment products, which deploy real-time, adaptive cognitive challenges and interventions, respectively. Both products target the brain’s interference processing system (an individual’s core ability to process multiple streams of information), a key function underlying cognitive control.   Akili is currently conducting multiple clinical trials of its leading digital medicine platform across a variety of patient populations, including paediatric ADHD, autism spectrum disorder (in collaboration with Autism Speaks), depression, Alzheimer’s disease and traumatic brain injury.   About Akili Interactive Labs, Inc. Akili is building clinically validated cognitive treatments and assessments that are delivered in an action video game interface. Leveraging medical-grade science and consumer-grade software technology, the company is seeking to produce a new type of medical product that can offer safe and effective scalable treatment and better monitoring for patients across a range of mental health and neurological conditions. The company was founded by and is a subsidiary of  PureTech Health (PRTC.L), together with leading neuroscientists and game designers. Akili’s lead product candidate, Project: EVOTM, is currently being evaluated in a pivotal trial in patients with paediatric ADHD that may serve the basis of the company’s submission to the FDA for clearance as a medical device treatment for the paediatric disorder. Akili has garnered investment from Shire PLC, Amgen Ventures and Merck Ventures BV, Amsterdam, The Netherlands, a subsidiary of Merck KGaA, Darmstadt, Germany (known as M Ventures in the United States and Canada), and it has strategic partnerships with Pfizer Inc. and Autism Speaks. PureTech Health plc (PRTC.L) owns 56.5% of the company as of 31 December 2016. This is calculated on a diluted basis, including issued and outstanding shares, options outstanding warrants, , as well as written commitments to issue options, but excluding unallocated shares authorised to be issued pursuant to equity incentive plans. About PureTech Health PureTech Health (PureTech Health plc, PRTC.L) is a cross-disciplinary, advanced, clinical-stage biopharmaceutical company developing novel medicines that modulate the adaptive human systems. PureTech’s therapies target the dysfunctions in the immune, nervous, and gastro-intestinal systems by addressing the underlying pathophysiology of disease from a systems perspective rather than through a single receptor or pathway. The company is advancing a rich pipeline that includes multiple human proof-of-concept studies and pivotal or registration studies expected to read out over the next 12 to 18 months. PureTech Health’s growing research and development pipeline has been developed in collaboration with some of the world’s leading scientific experts, who along with PureTech’s experienced team and a stellar board identify, analyse and advance very selectively the opportunities the company believes hold the most promise for patients. This experienced and engaged team places PureTech Health at the forefront of ground-breaking science and technological innovation and leads the company between and beyond existing disciplines. For more information, visit www.puretechhealth.com or connect with us on Twitter @puretechh.   Forward Looking Statement This press release contains statements that are or may be forward-looking statements, including statements that relate to the company’s future prospects, developments and strategies. The forward-looking statements are based on current expectations and are subject to known and unknown risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results, performance and achievements to differ materially from current expectations, including, but not limited to, those risks and uncertainties described in the risk factors included in the regulatory filings for PureTech Health plc. These forward-looking statements are based on assumptions regarding the present and future business strategies of the company and the environment in which it will operate in the future. Each forward-looking statement speaks only as at the date of this press release. Except as required by law and regulatory requirements, neither the company nor any other party intends to update or revise these forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise.   For further information: PureTech Health FTI Consulting   Allison Mead +1 617 651 3156 amead@puretechhealth.com   Ben Atwell, Matthew Cole +44 (0) 20 3727 1000     CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Watch VIVO Indian Premier League/IPL 2017 LIVE on CricketGateway.com Next PostNext Multi-disciplinary contract awarded in Kuwait Search Recent Posts Europe Erythropoietin Market 2016-2021: Business Development Analysis Global Durable Medical Equipment (DME) Market is Anticipated to Reach USD 242.1 Billion by 2024 Global Identity & Access Management Market 2021: Competition by Top Manufacturers, With Production, Revenue (Value) and Market Share Wet Waste Management Market Report, Trends, Size, Share, Analysis, Estimations and Forecasts to 2022. Global Medical Electronics Market Size, Growth, Share, Trends and Forecast by 2024 Business Directory Business Contacts Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 6 April 2017 by satprnews satprnews Veterinary Healthcare Market Report, Trends, Size, Share, Analysis, Estimations and Forecasts to 2022. The Global Veterinary Healthcare Market is estimated to be $22.6 billion in 2014 and is poised to reach $40.8 billion by 2022, growing at a CAGR of 7.66% from 2014 to 2022. Some of the key factors driving the market growth are rising incidence of diseases (food-borne and zoonotic) in animals which consequently transfer to human beings by consumption of meat, increase in pet ownership, food safety and improved nutrition. Whereas factors such as restrictions imposed by regulatory bodies against the excess use of antibiotics in production animals, protest of activists against the animal research and increasing cost of animal testing are hampering the market growth. Decrease in the Veterinary population is the major challenge in the Veterinary healthcare Market. Feed additives product segment is expected to grow with the highest CAGR in the Veterinary healthcare Market during the forecast period. The Global Veterinary Healthcare Market is segmented based on animal type, product and geography. By animal type, the veterinary healthcare market is categorized into Farm animals and Companion animals. The Farm Animal segment is further classified into Cattle, Swine, Fish, Sheep and Poultry. The Companion animals segment comprise of Dogs, Cats and Horses. Based on product type, the market is segmented into Vaccines, Feed Additives and Pharmaceuticals. Feed additives is further segmented into Nutritional Feed Additives and Medicinal Feed Additives. By geography, the veterinary healthcare market is segmented into North America, Europe, Asia Pacific and Rest of the World.  There were many mergers, joint ventures and acquisitions that took place in the recent years. North America leads the Veterinary Healthcare Market followed by Europe and then Asia-Pacific. However, Asia-Pacific will witness the highest growth in the coming years strongly driven by the growing population and increasing rate of pet adoption. Some of the key players in Veterinary Healthcare Market include Zoetis, Merck, Merial, Bayer, Elanco, Ceva, Virbac, Boehringer Ingelheim and Novartis. For More, Please Visit: http://www.strategymrc.com/report/global-veterinary-healthcare-market-outlook-2015-2022 What our report offers: – Market share assessments for the regional and country level segments – Market share analysis of the top industry players – Strategic recommendations for the new entrants – Market forecasts for a minimum of 8 years of all the mentioned segments, sub segments and the regional markets – Market Trends (Drivers, Constraints, Opportunities, Threats, Challenges, Investment Opportunities, and recommendations) – Strategic recommendations in key business segments based on the market estimations – Competitive landscaping mapping the key common trends – Company profiling with detailed strategies, financials, and recent developments – Supply chain trends mapping the latest technological advancements For More, Please Visit: http://www.strategymrc.com/report/global-veterinary-healthcare-market-outlook-2015-2022 https://twitter.com/StratisticsMRC Follow us on LinkedIn: https://www.linkedin.com/company/stratistics-market-research-consulting-pvt-ltd?trk=mini-profile Contact Details: Contact Person: James Lamb Email: info@strategymrc.com Phone: +1-301-202-5929 / +1-301-202-7681 Website: www.strategymrc.com About Stratistics MRC We offer wide spectrum of research and consulting services with in-depth knowledge of different industries. We are known for customized research services, consulting services and Full Time Equivalent (FTE) services in the research world. We explore the market trends and draw our insights with valid assessments and analytical views. We use advanced techniques and tools among the quantitative and qualitative methodologies to identify the market trends. Our research reports and publications are routed to help our clients to design their business models and enhance their business growth in the competitive market scenario. We have a strong team with hand-picked consultants including project managers, implementers, industry experts, researchers, research evaluators and analysts with years of experience in delivering the complex projects. For more information, please visit Stratistics Market Research Consulting Pvt Ltd CategoriesUncategorized TagsGoogle News, satPRnews Post navigation Previous PostPrevious „The 7th LIXIL International Student Architectural Competition” Top Three Universities Proceeding to Open Final Screening Announced Next PostNext COPsync, Inc. (COYN: OTC Pink Current) | Venue Change Search Recent Posts Global Outlook of Electronic Design Automation Market: A Comprehensive Industry Overview with Latest Innovations and Trends Forecast 2021 TakeLessons Acquires Chromatik, a Digital Music Company Las Vegas, NV Author Publishes Second Novel Menifee, CA Author Publishes Children’s Book Geistlich Leads Brazil Dental Bone Graft Substitutes Market Despite Major Competition from Off-Label Imitation Products Business Directory Business Contacts Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 6 April 2017 by Military News Hormone Replacement Therapy Market by Hormone Type,Route of Administration and Region According to the report „Hormone Replacement Therapy Market”, published by Market Data Forecast, the global market is projected to reach USD 22.31 billion by 2021, at a CAGR of 7.21% from 2016 to 2021. View Report at http://www.marketdataforecast.com/market-reports/global-hormone-replacement-therapy-market-957/ Hormone replacement therapy (HRT) is employed in patients suffering from declining levels of hormones with the right administration of hormones into the body. These therapies are generally meted out to women undergoing menopause. Estrogen is among the most commonly administered hormones. However, progesterone and testosterone are also administered when needed. Get free sample report at http://www.marketdataforecast.com/market-reports/global-hormone-replacement-therapy-market-957/request-sample Growing awareness on post-menopausal hazards, reimbursement policies, novel formulations, rise in unmet medical needs which require the employment of hormone therapy, benefits like lower risk of fractures are the few factors propelling the growth of global hormone replacement therapy market. Responsible for more than half of the market revenues, the estrogen replacement therapy segment dominates the global HRT market. The largest consumers of estrogen replacement therapy are post-menopausal women. North America dominated the market, where the majority of the contribution was from the USA owing to the well-established healthcare system. While, the market in the APAC region is expected to witness a rapid growth during the forecast period. Request Customization at http://www.marketdataforecast.com/market-reports/global-hormone-replacement-therapy-market-957/customize-report Global Market for Hormone Replacement Therapy is segmented by Hormone Type, Route of Administration and Region 1. By Hormone Type                                       ·         Estrogen Replacement Therapy                ·         Growth Hormone Replacement Therapy                              ·         Thyroid Replacement Therapy                   ·         Others                  2. By Route of Administration                                    ·         Oral                        ·         Parenteral                           ·         Transdermal                       ·         Others                  3. By Geography ·         North America ·         Europe ·         Asia-Pacific ·         Latin America ·         Middle-East & Africa Enquire before buying at http://www.marketdataforecast.com/market-reports/global-hormone-replacement-therapy-market-957/inquire Some of the key players operating in the hormone replacement industry are Abbott Laboratories, Novartis, Pfizer, Mylan Laboratories, Amgen, Merck & Co., Bayer, Eli Lily, Novo Nordisk, Wyeth, F. Hoffmann-La Roche, Hisamitsu Pharmaceutical Co. Inc. Buy this report at https://www.marketdataforecast.com/cart/buy-now/global-hormone-replacement-therapy-market-957 About us: Market Data Forecast is a firm working in the areas of market research and business intelligence. We have rich experience in research across major industry segments like Healthcare, Agriculture, Food & Beverages etc. and we cater to the needs of both individual and corporate clients. Our research services contribute to key business areas like business process improvement, key decision making and developing appropriate corporate strategy. We are truly committed to our clients and other stakeholders for providing customized research services of the highest quality all the while being an organization that’s trusted for its integrity, respected for its accountability, and admired for its excellence, by both clients and competitors alike. Contact: Abhishek Shukla Sales Manager Market Data Forecast Direct Line: +1-888-702-9626 Mobile: +91 9985550206 Mail: abhishek@marketdataforecast.com CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Global Food Preservatives market growth analysis report 2016–2021 Next PostNext Journalist Explorer Kinga Philipps Shares Tips on Spring Travel for Tips on TV Blog Search Recent Posts Dolat Ventures acquired by China Based Battery Manufacturer CORRECTION FROM SOURCE/ATCO Announces Dennis DeChamplain as Chief Financial Officer Automatic Gate Opening System Market to Witness Exponential Growth by 2026 Global AdvancedTCA Systems (ATCA) Market to Record Sturdy Growth by 2026 Intelligent Pigging Services Market: Global Industry Analysis and Opportunity Assessment 2017-2014:MRRSE Business Directory Business Contacts Proudly powered by WordPress
NJ.com Menu Home News Politics Sports High School Sports Entertainment Legal Notices Photos/Videos Obituaries Autos Jobs Real Estate Rentals Health Classifieds Local Businesses Place An Ad Opinion Follow Us Subscribe Back to Main Menu News News by County All Newspapers Business Crime Education Health Lottery Obituaries Politics Back to Main Menu Atlantic Bergen Burlington Camden Cape May Cumberland Essex Gloucester Hudson Hunterdon Mercer Middlesex Monmouth Morris Ocean Passaic Salem Somerset Sussex Union Warren Back to Main Menu The Star-Ledger The Times of Trenton The Jersey Journal South Jersey Times Hunterdon County Democrat Independent Press Horse News Back to Main Menu Politics Home Chris Christie Opinion The Auditor Back to Main Menu Sports Home Devils Eagles Flyers Giants Jets Knicks Mets Nets Phillies Rangers Red Bulls Rutgers Basketball Rutgers Football Rutgers Sports Seton Hall Sixers Yankees Back to Main Menu Football Wrestling Boys Basketball Girls Basketball Baseball Softball Boys Golf Girls Golf Boys Lacrosse Girls Lacrosse Boys Tennis Boys Track and Field Girls Track and Field Boys Volleyball Off Season Sports Bergen County Back to Main Menu Boys Bowling Girls Bowling Boys Cross Country Girls Cross Country Boys Fencing Girls Fencing Field Hockey Gymnastics Boys Ice Hockey Girls Ice Hockey Boys Skiing Girls Skiing Boys Soccer Girls Soccer Boys Swimming Girls Swimming Girls Tennis Girls Volleyball Boys Winter Track Girls Winter Track Back to Main Menu Entertainment Home Atlantic City Entertainment Celebrities Comics Events Food & Dining Arts Indulge Inside Jersey Movies Music Puzzles Shore TV Back to Main Menu Hunterdon County Democrat Photos Jersey Journal Photos NJ.com Photos South Jersey Times Photos Star-Ledger Photos Times of Trenton Photos Videos Back to Main Menu Homes for Sale New Homes For Rent Foreclosures Commercial Real Estate News Resources Place An Ad Back to Main Menu Home Buying Sell My Home Rental Living Home Ideas Mortgages and Loans I'm Moving Back to Main Menu Obituaries Rentals Pets For Sale Garage Sales Find n Save Fraud Prevention Manage Your Ad Place An Ad Back to Main Menu Find A Business Food & Dining Retail Shopping Health & Medicine Personal Care Entertainment Real Estate Automotive Claim Your Business Back to Main Menu Visit our Facebook Page Follow us on Twitter View our Instagram photos See our Tumblr feed See our Pinterest page Visit us on Google Plus Visit OMJ for NJ celebrity & style Back to Main Menu Email newsletters The Star-Ledger The Times of Trenton The Jersey Journal South Jersey Times Hunterdon County Democrat Star Gazette Back to Main Menu Close Customize Your Weather Set Your Location: Congratulations! Your weather is set to . You can change the location at any time. AccuWeather.com Quick Look Change your current location » View Full Weather Report Search Search NJ.com Account Sign In Close Sign in to NJ.com You are signed in as Edit Public Profile Sign Out Subscribe Email newsletters The Star-Ledger The Times of Trenton The Jersey Journal South Jersey Times Hunterdon County Democrat Star Gazette comments Concern over Readington affordable housing plan | Feedback Print Email Community Bulletin By Community Bulletin Hunterdon County Democrat on April 06, 2017 at 10:54 AM, updated April 06, 2017 at 11:25 AM comments To the editor: I want to share a quote which I found in the Readington Township Environmental Commission report dated 2002. There is a picture of a nature scene along Treetop Road in Readington. The caption states, "In the end our society will be defined not only by what we create, but by what we refuse to destroy." On the Planning Board at this time were two members who are on the planning board to this day. I supported these people for years because I thought they were for smart growth and open space. We would not all be gathered here tonight if this was actually true. I am not opposed to affordable housing. I believe everybody should have an opportunity to be successful. It is one of the reasons I am a teacher at Hunterdon Central Regional High School. If we are against this development, we must be against affordable housing. On March 2 at the Readington Township Committee meeting, a couple of the township committee members look stunned that we would actually question their judgment on the benefits of this development. Residents concerned about affordable housing plan The township knew what was best for us and they seemed shocked by our recalcitrant behavior. Maybe if they had involved us in the decision making process, then maybe, then just maybe, they would have realized this development was not in our best interests. We cannot talk about decreased property values because they do not care. We cannot talk about increased traffic congestion along Main Street because they do not care. What really bothers me is that if they tear down these woods and put in 72 rental units, they are going to tear down a piece of all of us who enjoy these woods. A neighbor of mine gave me an article about the benefits of nature. There was a study in this article. It said that people who lived within about a half mile of green space were found to have less disease, depression and anxiety, even if they did not use this open space. Still, they do not care, but to me, this is what they should care about the most. The township committee should care about the well-being of the citizens they represent, and yet they do not. I felt a cold wave wash over me at that meeting nearly three weeks ago. I realized their only concern was how many affordable housing units they could get out of this deal. I know that tough decisions have to be made with affordable housing, but the human element is lacking with these people. As one committee member said, "This development in this location is the easiest thing for the township to do." What about the Merck property? What about the property behind the Rail? What about the old diner on Route 22? These are all viable options for affordable housing and they would be true "redevelopment" plans. I am a teacher. There is an easy way to teach and there is a right way to teach. The right way to teach is never easy. We do not need our township to make the easy decisions. We need our township to make the right decisions. Whitehouse Station needs its open space just as much as the rest of Readington Township. Please help us to save our woods. Robert Baumgaertner Readington Township   Most Read N.J. News In Your Inbox From local news to politics to entertainment and sports, the twice daily Right Now eNewsletter has all of the New Jersey news you need! Leave this field blank    optional Check here if you do not want to receive additional email offers and information. See our privacy policy Thank you for your subscription! To view and subscribe to any of our other newsletters, please click here. Departments Local Photos Editorials Obituaries Entertainment Weddings and Anniversaries Active Discussions nj.com About Us About NJ.com Advertise with us Contact Us Visit OMJ.com Jobs at NJ Advance Media Newsletters Frequently Asked Questions More on NJ.com Interact Weather Site map Claim your free business listing Sponsor Content Search Place an ad Sell your car Sell/rent your home Post a job Post a free classified ad Apartments & rentals NJ.com Sections N.J. News Local News N.J. Politics Sports High School Sports Entertainment Food & Recipes Living Business Opinion Inside Jersey Legal Notices Obituaries Jobs Autos Real Estate Rentals Classifieds Shopping Good Deals Local Businesses Special Sections Contribute to NJ.com Submit an event Follow Us Twitter Google+ Facebook foursquare Newspaper stories and photos The Star-Ledger | Subscribe The Times of Trenton | Subscribe The Jersey Journal | Subscribe South Jersey Times | Subscribe Hunterdon County Democrat | Subscribe Star Gazette | Subscribe The Warren Reporter Suburban News Horse News Learn more about our newspapers Mobile iPhone, Android apps | Tablet apps Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement and Privacy Policy © 2017 New Jersey On-Line LLC. All rights reserved (About Us). The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of New Jersey On-Line LLC. Community Rules apply to all content you upload or otherwise submit to this site. Ad Choices
