About Future Staff Contact Privacy Policy Search for: Select Press Releases Home / Press Releases / MilliporeSigma Kicks Off Year-Long ‘Curiosity Cube™’ Tour MilliporeSigma Kicks Off Year-Long ‘Curiosity Cube™’ Tour Posted on January 13, 2017 by CSRwire Press Releases, Events and Reports in Press Releases Conceptual image of a businessman holding big hammer Recognizing that tomorrow’s discoveries depend on the next generation of scientists—and that breakthroughs begin with curiosity—MilliporeSigma has kicked off a year-long “Curiosity Cube™” tour. The tour builds on MilliporeSigma’s successful Curiosity Labs™ program, in which MilliporeSigma employees volunteer their time to deliver hands-on, interactive science lessons to inspire students to explore a career in science, technology, engineering and math (STEM). The Curiosity Cube™—a 22×10-foot, retrofitted shipping container that has been transformed into a mobile science lab—will visit more than two dozen stops across the United States in 2017, aiming to reach 350,000 students. “Through our Curiosity Labs™ program, we have brought leading edge science technology and experiments to tens of thousands of students around the globe—inspiring them to seek a career in science and pave a road to a future filled with innovative breakthroughs,” said Udit Batra, Member of the Executive Board, Merck KGaA, Darmstadt, Germany and CEO, MilliporeSigma. “We are excited to bring similar experiences to even more curious minds, of all ages, through the Curiosity Cube™ tour.” Equipped with the latest technology, the Curiosity Cube™ provides a learning environment that allows visitors of all ages to become immersed in specific science topics—from learning about how DNA works to building their own, custom microbe using a 3D printer. All Curiosity Cube™ experiments will be staffed by MilliporeSigma employees—allowing visitors to ask questions and discuss the possibilities of a future career in STEM. Cities on the Curiosity Cube’s™ tour across the United States include Boston, Austin, St. Louis, Milwaukee and Washington, DC. To follow the Curiosity Cube™ tour and other efforts of MilliporeSigma, follow the #SPARKCuriosity hashtag on Twitter and Facebook. All Merck KGaA, Darmstadt, Germany news releases are distributed by email at the same time they become available on the EMD Group website. In case you are a resident of the U.S. or Canada please go to www.emdgroup.com/subscribe to register again for your online subscription of this service as our newly introduced geo-targeting requires new links in the email. You may later change your selection or discontinue this service. About the Life Science Business of Merck KGaA, Darmstadt, Germany  The Life Science business of Merck KGaA, Darmstadt, Germany, which operates as MilliporeSigma in the U.S. and Canada, has 19,000 employees and 65 manufacturing sites worldwide, with a portfolio of more than 300,000 products enabling scientific discovery. Udit Batra is the global chief executive officer of MilliporeSigma. Merck KGaA, Darmstadt, Germany is a leading company for innovative and top-quality high-tech products in health care, Life Science and performance materials. The company has six businesses—Biopharmaceuticals, Consumer Health, Allergopharma, Biosimilars, Life Science and Performance Materials—and generated sales of €12.85 billion in 2015. Around 50,000 employees work in 66 countries to improve the quality of life for patients, to foster the success of customers and to help meet global challenges. Merck KGaA, Darmstadt, Germany is the world’s oldest pharmaceutical and chemical company—since 1668, the company has stood for innovation, business success and responsible entrepreneurship. Holding an approximately 70 percent interest, the founding family remains the majority owner of the company to this day. The company holds the global rights to the name and the trademark “Merck” internationally except for the United States and Canada, where the company operates as EMD Serono, MilliporeSigma and EMD Performance Materials. About the Corporate Responsibility Efforts of the Life Science Business of Merck KGaA, Darmstadt, Germany Through its corporate responsibility initiatives, the Life Science business of Merck KGaA, Darmstadt, Germany, which operates as MilliporeSigma in the U.S. and Canada, harnesses the collective expertise, passion and energy of employees to minimize its environmental footprint and positively impact communities around the world. The Life Science business of Merck KGaA, Darmstadt, Germany, is uniquely positioned to solve the toughest problems in life science through its efforts aligned with strengths in research, innovation and collaboration with the global scientific community. This helps differentiate its business and provides a competitive edge for its customers, while accelerating access to health for people everywhere. The Life Science business of Merck KGaA, Darmstadt, Germany, demonstrates its commitment to corporate responsibility through extensive programs in three main areas: Greener Products and Solutions—which includes Design for Sustainability, Green Chemistry, Packaging and Recycling initiatives; Employee and Community Engagement; and Sustainable Operations. Latest News Global Solar Council Releases Inaugural Quarterly Report Innovations, Historic Aviation Among Highlights of EAA AirVenture Oshkosh 2017 BOSS Accounting Outsourcing Specialists New Special Offer Rates Give Businesses Up to 71% Savings INVESTOR ALERT: Faruqi &amp; Faruqi, LLP Encourages Investors Who Suffered Losses in Excess of $100,000 Investing in TerraVia Holdings, Inc. to Contact the Firm Before Imminent Lead Plaintiff Deadline A Frogs Life TDSi Appoints New Distribution Channel Manager TM DEVELOPMENT JOINS STROKE CONTRARY TO STARVATION Certxpert.Com Offers EC-Council CEH Certification Exam at Affordable Price Go Live UK Announces the Successful Launch of the Redesigned Property Rescue Website My Design Station adds personal touch to wedding products. © 2015 SSUChronicle. All rights reserved. Top Optimization WordPress Plugins & Solutions by W3 EDGE
Home About/Contact US Privacy Policy Staff Daily Email Updates Headlines Arts Business Sports Leisure Health Technology Investing Merck & Company Inc. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Merck & Company Inc. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Recent Posts Zacks: Analysts Set $38.50 Price Target for KMG Chemicals, Inc. (KMG) Zacks: Air Liquide SA (AIQUY) Given Consensus Rating of “Buy” by Brokerages Eaton Vance Tax-Advantaged Global Dvd. Plans Monthly Dividend of $0.10 (ETG) Equities Analysts Issue Forecasts for Primo Water Corporation’s FY2016 Earnings (PRMW) Shaw Communications Inc (SJR.B) Receives “Outperform” Rating from Royal Bank Of Canada Short Interest in Timmins Gold Corp (TGD) Declines By 16.0% Brokerages Set $21.50 Target Price for SPX Co. (SPXC) Zacks: Analysts Set $31.50 Price Target for ServisFirst Bancshares, Inc. (SFBS) Zacks: West Marine, Inc. (WMAR) Given $9.67 Consensus Target Price by Analysts Zacks: Aerojet Rocketdyne Holdings, Inc. (AJRD) Receives Average Rating of “Strong Buy” from Brokerages Zacks: Shore Bancshares Inc (SHBI) Given Average Recommendation of “Hold” by Analysts Analysts Anticipate Horace Mann Educators Corporation (HMN) to Post $0.40 Earnings Per Share Ithaca Energy Inc. (IAE) Rating Reiterated by Barclays PLC OMNOVA Solutions Inc. (OMN) to Release Quarterly Earnings on Tuesday FY2016 EPS Estimates for Cineplex Inc Cut by National Bank Financial (CGX) Eaton Vance Tax-Managed Global Buy-Write (ETW) to Issue Monthly Dividend of $0.10 Eaton Vance Tax Managed Diversified Eq. (ETY) to Issue $0.08 Monthly Dividend Vanguard Total International Stock ETF (VXUS) Short Interest Update RBC Capital Markets Reaffirms Outperform Rating for Netflix, Inc. (NFLX) Robert W. Baird Reiterates Neutral Rating for Twitter, Inc. (TWTR) Merck & Company, Inc. (MRK) Upgraded to “Sell” by Vetr Inc. Posted by Jacob Kohn on Jan 13th, 2017 // No Comments Tweet Vetr upgraded shares of Merck & Company, Inc. (NYSE:MRK) from a strong sell rating to a sell rating in a research report report published on Thursday. Vetr currently has $58.15 price target on the stock. Other analysts have also recently issued reports about the company. Piper Jaffray Companies upgraded Merck & Company from a neutral rating to an overweight rating in a research report on Thursday. Morgan Stanley upgraded Merck & Company from an equal weight rating to an overweight rating and upped their price target for the company from $65.00 to $71.00 in a research report on Thursday. Jefferies Group reiterated an underperform rating and issued a $48.00 price target on shares of Merck & Company in a research report on Thursday. Guggenheim upgraded Merck & Company from a neutral rating to a buy rating and upped their price target for the company from $61.63 to $70.00 in a research report on Thursday. Finally, Zacks Investment Research raised Merck & Company from a hold rating to a buy rating and set a $70.00 price objective on the stock in a research note on Thursday, November 17th. Two investment analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, eight have given a hold rating and thirteen have issued a buy rating to the company. The company presently has an average rating of Hold and an average target price of $65.79. Merck & Company (NYSE:MRK) traded up 0.21% during midday trading on Thursday, reaching $62.34. The company’s stock had a trading volume of 9,949,662 shares. Merck & Company has a 1-year low of $47.97 and a 1-year high of $65.46. The firm has a market capitalization of $171.88 billion, a PE ratio of 31.84 and a beta of 0.77. The firm has a 50 day moving average price of $60.73 and a 200 day moving average price of $61.13. Merck & Company (NYSE:MRK) last released its quarterly earnings data on Tuesday, October 25th. The company reported $1.07 earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, beating analysts’ consensus estimates of $0.99 by $0.08. The business had revenue of $10.50 billion for the quarter, compared to analysts’ expectations of $10.17 billion. Merck & Company had a return on equity of 24.25% and a net margin of 13.76%. Merck & Company’s quarterly revenue was up 4.6% on a year-over-year basis. During the same period in the previous year, the business posted $0.96 earnings per share. On average, analysts predict that Merck & Company will post $3.79 EPS for the current year. ILLEGAL ACTIVITY NOTICE: This report was first posted by Web Breaking News and is owned by of Web Breaking News. If you are reading this report on another site, it was illegally copied and republished in violation of international trademark & copyright legislation. The original version of this report can be accessed at http://www.webbreakingnews.com/2017/01/13/merck-company-inc-mrk-upgraded-to-sell-by-vetr-inc.html. The business also recently declared a quarterly dividend, which was paid on Monday, January 9th. Shareholders of record on Thursday, December 15th were paid a $0.47 dividend. This represents a $1.88 dividend on an annualized basis and a yield of 3.02%. This is an increase from Merck & Company’s previous quarterly dividend of $0.46. The ex-dividend date of this dividend was Tuesday, December 13th. Merck & Company’s dividend payout ratio (DPR) is currently 95.92%. In other news, EVP Julie L. Gerberding sold 85,523 shares of the firm’s stock in a transaction that occurred on Monday, November 7th. The stock was sold at an average price of $60.02, for a total value of $5,133,090.46. Following the completion of the sale, the executive vice president now directly owns 77,762 shares of the company’s stock, valued at $4,667,275.24. The transaction was disclosed in a legal filing with the SEC, which is accessible through this link. Also, Chairman Kenneth C. Frazier sold 140,000 shares of the firm’s stock in a transaction that occurred on Thursday, November 10th. The shares were sold at an average price of $65.03, for a total value of $9,104,200.00. Following the completion of the sale, the chairman now directly owns 514,957 shares of the company’s stock, valued at $33,487,653.71. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. 0.05% of the stock is owned by company insiders. Hedge funds have recently added to or reduced their stakes in the stock. Solaris Asset Management LLC boosted its stake in Merck & Company by 3.8% in the third quarter. Solaris Asset Management LLC now owns 1,635 shares of the company’s stock worth $102,000 after buying an additional 60 shares during the last quarter. Blume Capital Management Inc. boosted its stake in Merck & Company by 14.0% in the third quarter. Blume Capital Management Inc. now owns 1,710 shares of the company’s stock worth $107,000 after buying an additional 210 shares during the last quarter. Nelson Van Denburg & Campbell Wealth Management Group LLC boosted its stake in Merck & Company by 1.8% in the third quarter. Nelson Van Denburg & Campbell Wealth Management Group LLC now owns 1,711 shares of the company’s stock worth $106,000 after buying an additional 30 shares during the last quarter. Acrospire Investment Management LLC boosted its stake in Merck & Company by 5.9% in the second quarter. Acrospire Investment Management LLC now owns 1,800 shares of the company’s stock worth $104,000 after buying an additional 100 shares during the last quarter. Finally, Roble Belko & Company Inc boosted its stake in Merck & Company by 124.7% in the second quarter. Roble Belko & Company Inc now owns 1,802 shares of the company’s stock worth $104,000 after buying an additional 1,000 shares during the last quarter. 72.43% of the stock is owned by institutional investors. Merck & Company Company Profile Merck & Co, Inc is a global healthcare company. The Company offers health solutions through its prescription medicines, vaccines, biologic therapies and animal health products, which it markets directly and through its joint ventures. It operates through one segment, Pharmaceutical. The Company’s Pharmaceutical segment includes human health pharmaceutical and vaccine products marketed either directly by the Company or through joint ventures. To view Vetr’s full report, visit Vetr’s official website. Receive News & Ratings for Merck & Company Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Merck & Company Inc. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter. « Previous Oil States International, Inc. (OIS) Given a $36.00 Price Target at BMO Capital Markets Next » BlackRock Inc. Raises Position in Fair Isaac Corporation (FICO) Latest News Nike Suspends Relationship with Maria Sharapova Rob Bironas Ex-Titans Kicker Dies in Car Crash Ron Washington Leaves Texas Rangers Due to an Affair Jonathan Dwyer Falls in Line with Other Banned NFL Players Tony Stewart Case Going to the Grand Jury Oscar Pistorius “Blade Runner” Found Not Guilty of Murder Leave a Reply Click here to cancel reply. Name (Required) Mail (will not be published) (Required) Website   Home Arts Business Sports Leisure Health Technology Headlines Investing © 2006-2017 Web Breaking News.
Menu Search Follow Us Facebook Instagram Twitter Youtube Flipboard LinkedIn Google+ RSS More Youtube Flipboard LinkedIn Google+ RSS Got a tip? Let us know. News Channels Startups Mobile Gadgets Enterprise Social Europe Asia Crunch Network Unicorn Leaderboard Gift Guides All Topics All Galleries All Timelines Video Shows Apps News CES 2017 Crunch Report Gadgets Reviews Interviews TC Features All Shows All Videos Events TechCrunch Events Disrupt Startup Battlefield Crunchies Meetups International City Events Hackathon Include NFL’s 1ST and Future TechCrunch Store News About Mobile World Congress CES All Events Crunchbase Trending Tesla Google Facebook News Startups Mobile Gadgets Enterprise Social Europe Message Us Search TechCrunch Search TechCrunch Search Search × Hi! You are about to activate our Facebook Messenger news bot. Once subscribed, the bot will send you a digest of trending stories once a day. You can also customize the types of stories it sends you. Click on the button below to subscribe and wait for a new Facebook message from the TC Messenger news bot. Thanks, TC Team 10th Annual CrunchiesWin A Trip To The Crunchies In San Francisco Enter To Win Today Palantir Big data company Palantir quietly raised another $20M in November Palantir says it didn’t racially discriminate against Asian people Why a Palantir IPO might not be far off Browse more... Alex Karp Why a Palantir IPO might not be far off Palantir: The Next Billion-Dollar Company Raises $90 Million Browse more... With billions of dollars at stake, Merck and Palantir partner to discover drugs faster Posted Jan 12, 2017 by Connie Loizos (@cookie) 0 SHARES Next Story Netflix’s iBoy would face a heavy dose of smartphone upgrade cycle regret Merck, the German multinational chemical and pharmaceutical company, is teaming up with Silicon Valley’s highest-profile data and analysis software company, Palantir, to more quickly develop new drugs and, hopefully, improve patient outcomes. The idea at the start is for the companies to partner on three of Merck’s business sectors: healthcare, life sciences, and performance materials. TechCrunch couldn’t make it to Palantir for an on-site announcement about the deal this morning, but founder and CEO Alex Karp said in a statement that, “When something like cancer is killing 8.2 million people each year we want to do everything we can to apply our technological expertise to the fight alongside partners who have been there since the beginning.” The companies aren’t discussing terms of the deal in any great detail, though Palantir has motivations beyond the purely altruistic, of course. Specifically, it will see some upside if its work leads to a promising drug or combination of drugs that achieve meaningful commercial success, according to both companies. We’re hoping to talk with either Karp or Merck CEO Stefan Oschmann this afternoon for more details, including whether Palantir’s work with Merck will preclude it from working with competing pharmaceutical giants like Bristol-Myers Squibb. (It’s probably safe to assume that it will.) Certainly, it’s a feather in the cap of Palantir. Not only does it demonstrate that the richly valued company isn’t reliant on U.S. government contracts alone, but there’s a lot of money at stake, with the market for lung cancer patients valued at $10 billion a year alone. Featured Image: panda3800/Shutterstock 0 SHARES Advertisement Advertisement Crunchbase Palantir Web Consultancy Founded 1996 Overview Palantir.net is a boutique web consultancy firm that creates engaging online experiences. It is a full-service web design, development, and strategy firm that uses open-source technologies to help enable people to share information in innovative ways. Location Chicago, IL Categories E-Commerce, Web Development, Web Design Founders George DeMet Website http://www.palantir.net/ Full profile for Palantir Web Consultancy Palantir Technologies Founded 2004 Overview Palantir's mission is to solve the most important problems for the world's most important institutions. Palantir was founded in 2004 by a handful of [PayPal](/company/paypal) alumni and Stanford computer scientists. Since then Palantir has doubled in size every year while retaining early-stage values: a startup culture, strong work ethic, and rigorous hiring standards. Palantir works in a variety … Location Palo Alto, CA Categories Computer, Analytics, Software, Information Technology Website http://www.palantir.com Full profile for Palantir Technologies Newsletter Subscriptions The Daily Crunch Get the top tech stories of the day delivered to your inbox TC Weekly Roundup Get a weekly recap of the biggest tech stories Crunchbase Daily The latest startup funding announcements Enter Address Subscribe SEE ALL NEWSLETTERS » Latest Crunch Report Nintendo Switch Hits the Market on March 3 | Crunch Report Watch More Episodes Alex Karp Palantir Popular Posts Featured Stories Sarah Michelle Gellar on starting Foodstirs VIDEO | 4:58 | Interviews Start thinking like a startup 3 hours ago | Mona Bijoor Dronerise: gradually, then suddenly 11 hours ago | Jon Evans, Columnist SpaceX successfully lands its first-stage Falcon 9 rocket on drone ship yesterday | Darrell Etherington SpaceX successfully returns to launch with Iridium-1 NEXT Falcon 9 mission yesterday | Darrell Etherington Latest From TechCrunch Start thinking like a startup 3 hours ago | Mona Bijoor Lessons from Dharamsala on business and life 5 hours ago | Karl Mehta Puerto Rico turns to tech and entrepreneurialism to revitalize the economy 7 hours ago | Jim Glade Innovation under the hood will rev the engines of a fintech revolution 11 hours ago | Matt Heiman Comment moderation powered by Up Next Netflix’s iBoy would face a heavy dose of smartphone upgrade cycle regret Posted Jan 12, 2017 CrunchBoard Job Listings Digital Marketing Specialist at IBISWorld (Los Angeles, CA, United States) Head of Marketing at Concord (San Francisco, CA, United States) DevOps Engineer @ Qadium at The Sourcery (San Francisco, CA, United States) Sales Director at Shopkick (New York, NY, United States) System Administrator at Shopkick (Redwood City, CA, United States) More from CrunchBoard Advertisement TechCrunch News Video Events Crunchbase TechCrunch Store About Staff Contact Us Advertise With Us Event & Editorial Calendar Send Us A Tip International China Europe Japan Follow TechCrunch Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Youtube Pinterest Tumblr Instagram StumbleUpon Feed TechCrunch Apps iOS Android Windows 8 Subscribe to The Daily Crunch Latest headlines delivered to you daily Subscribe to <span class="no-mobile">Subscribe to </span>The Daily Crunch Enter Email Address Subscribe © 2013-2017 AOL Inc. All rights reserved. Aol Tech Privacy Policy About Our Ads Anti Harassment Policy Terms of Service Powered by WordPress.com VIP Fonts by News Startups Mobile Gadgets Enterprise Social Europe Asia Crunch Network Unicorn Leaderboard Gift Guides All Galleries All Timelines Videos Apps News CES 2017 Crunch Report All Shows All Videos Events Disrupt Startup Battlefield Crunchies Meetups International City Events Hackathon Include NFL’s 1ST and Future TechCrunch Store All Events Crunchbase Message Us Most Popular WTF is machine learning? Oct 23, 2016 by John Mannes Start thinking like a startup 3 hours ago by Mona Bijoor Puerto Rico turns to tech and entrepreneurialism to revitalize the economy 7 hours ago by Jim Glade Innovation under the hood will rev the engines of a fintech revolution 11 hours ago by Matt Heiman Facebook encourages text statuses with new colored backgrounds Dec 19, 2016 by Josh Constine Technology can’t replace the human touch 11 hours ago by Ron Miller Dronerise: gradually, then suddenly 11 hours ago by Jon Evans SpaceX successfully lands its first-stage Falcon 9 rocket on drone ship yesterday by Darrell Etherington Apple’s first AirPods ad reminds me of the iPod ads yesterday by Romain Dillet
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy   Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Merck & Company Inc. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Merck & Company Inc. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Canada Pension Plan Investment Board Cuts Stake in Southwestern Energy Company (SWN) Qiagen N.V. (QGEN) Stake Maintained by Canada Pension Plan Investment Board Sharkey Howes & Javer Has $125,000 Stake in Pepsico, Inc. (PEP) Rockefeller Financial Services Inc. Maintains Position in Rigel Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (RIGL) Orinda Asset Management LLC Takes Position in Facebook, Inc. (FB) Rockefeller Financial Services Inc. Maintains Position in Salesforce.com Inc (CRM) The Travelers Companies, Inc. (TRV) Stake Maintained by Rockefeller Financial Services Inc. Rockefeller Financial Services Inc. Has $134,000 Position in Johnson Controls International PLC (JCI) Aperio Group LLC Boosts Stake in National CineMedia, Inc. (NCMI) Oramed Pharmaceuticals Inc. (ORMP) Shares Bought by PNC Financial Services Group Inc. Stonegate Bank (SGBK) Position Increased by PNC Financial Services Group Inc. HD Supply Holdings, Inc. (HDS) Shares Sold by PNC Financial Services Group Inc. PNC Financial Services Group Inc. Acquires 126 Shares of Signature Bank (SBNY) US Bancorp DE Has $175,000 Stake in Avangrid, Inc. (AGR) Fortinet, Inc. (FTNT) Stake Maintained by DekaBank Deutsche Girozentrale PAREXEL International Corporation (PRXL) Position Lowered by Advisor Group Inc. Advisor Group Inc. Raises Position in Callon Petroleum Company (CPE) US Bancorp DE Purchases 444 Shares of Terex Corporation (TEX) California Public Employees Retirement System Has $192,000 Position in Perceptron, Inc. (PRCP) California Public Employees Retirement System Holds Stake in IEC Electronics (IEC) Walter & Keenan Financial Consulting Co. MI ADV Acquires 1,000 Shares of Merck & Company, Inc. (MRK) January 13th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Stacy Sanders Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet Walter & Keenan Financial Consulting Co. MI ADV raised its position in shares of Merck & Company, Inc. (NYSE:MRK) by 2.5% during the third quarter, according to its most recent disclosure with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC). The firm owned 40,870 shares of the company’s stock after buying an additional 1,000 shares during the period. Merck & Company comprises approximately 1.4% of Walter & Keenan Financial Consulting Co. MI ADV’s investment portfolio, making the stock its 21st largest position. Walter & Keenan Financial Consulting Co. MI ADV’s holdings in Merck & Company were worth $2,551,000 as of its most recent SEC filing. Other hedge funds and other institutional investors have also added to or reduced their stakes in the company. Solaris Asset Management LLC raised its position in Merck & Company by 3.8% in the third quarter. Solaris Asset Management LLC now owns 1,635 shares of the company’s stock worth $102,000 after buying an additional 60 shares during the period. Acrospire Investment Management LLC raised its position in Merck & Company by 5.9% in the second quarter. Acrospire Investment Management LLC now owns 1,800 shares of the company’s stock worth $104,000 after buying an additional 100 shares during the period. Roble Belko & Company Inc raised its position in Merck & Company by 124.7% in the second quarter. Roble Belko & Company Inc now owns 1,802 shares of the company’s stock worth $104,000 after buying an additional 1,000 shares during the period. NewSquare Capital LLC raised its position in Merck & Company by 14.2% in the second quarter. NewSquare Capital LLC now owns 2,104 shares of the company’s stock worth $121,000 after buying an additional 261 shares during the period. Finally, Pinkerton Retirement Specialists LLC raised its position in Merck & Company by 1,925.2% in the second quarter. Pinkerton Retirement Specialists LLC now owns 2,248 shares of the company’s stock worth $130,000 after buying an additional 2,137 shares during the period. Institutional investors and hedge funds own 72.43% of the company’s stock. Shares of Merck & Company, Inc. (NYSE:MRK) traded up 0.18% during trading on Friday, hitting $62.32. 6,424,183 shares of the company traded hands. The company has a market capitalization of $171.82 billion, a price-to-earnings ratio of 31.83 and a beta of 0.77. The company has a 50 day moving average price of $60.73 and a 200 day moving average price of $61.13. Merck & Company, Inc. has a 52 week low of $47.97 and a 52 week high of $65.46. Merck & Company (NYSE:MRK) last released its earnings results on Tuesday, October 25th. The company reported $1.07 earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, topping the Thomson Reuters’ consensus estimate of $0.99 by $0.08. The firm earned $10.50 billion during the quarter, compared to analyst estimates of $10.17 billion. Merck & Company had a net margin of 13.76% and a return on equity of 24.25%. The business’s revenue was up 4.6% on a year-over-year basis. During the same quarter last year, the business earned $0.96 EPS. On average, analysts expect that Merck & Company, Inc. will post $3.79 earnings per share for the current year. The company also recently announced a quarterly dividend, which was paid on Monday, January 9th. Stockholders of record on Thursday, December 15th were issued a $0.47 dividend. This represents a $1.88 annualized dividend and a dividend yield of 3.02%. The ex-dividend date of this dividend was Tuesday, December 13th. This is a positive change from Merck & Company’s previous quarterly dividend of $0.46. Merck & Company’s dividend payout ratio (DPR) is 95.92%. ILLEGAL ACTIVITY NOTICE: “Walter & Keenan Financial Consulting Co. MI ADV Acquires 1,000 Shares of Merck & Company, Inc. (MRK)” was originally published by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are reading this piece on another publication, it was copied illegally and republished in violation of US & international copyright and trademark legislation. The original version of this piece can be accessed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/01/13/walter-keenan-financial-consulting-co-mi-adv-acquires-1000-shares-of-merck-company-inc-mrk.html. A number of research analysts have recently commented on MRK shares. Vetr lowered shares of Merck & Company from a “buy” rating to a “hold” rating and set a $64.84 price target for the company. in a research report on Monday, October 10th. Barclays PLC restated an “overweight” rating on shares of Merck & Company in a research report on Wednesday, October 12th. Leerink Swann restated a “market perform” rating and set a $65.00 price target on shares of Merck & Company in a research report on Wednesday, October 12th. Bank of America upgraded shares of Merck & Company from a “neutral” rating to a “buy” rating and upped their target price for the stock from $57.00 to $70.00 in a research report on Thursday, October 13th. Finally, Zacks Investment Research upgraded shares of Merck & Company from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating and set a $70.00 target price for the company in a research report on Friday, October 14th. Two research analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, eight have given a hold rating and thirteen have issued a buy rating to the company’s stock. The company presently has a consensus rating of “Hold” and an average target price of $65.79. In related news, EVP Julie L. Gerberding sold 85,523 shares of Merck & Company stock in a transaction dated Monday, November 7th. The shares were sold at an average price of $60.02, for a total transaction of $5,133,090.46. Following the completion of the sale, the executive vice president now owns 77,762 shares in the company, valued at approximately $4,667,275.24. The sale was disclosed in a document filed with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which is available at this link. Also, Chairman Kenneth C. Frazier sold 140,000 shares of Merck & Company stock in a transaction dated Thursday, November 10th. The shares were sold at an average price of $65.03, for a total transaction of $9,104,200.00. Following the sale, the chairman now owns 514,957 shares of the company’s stock, valued at approximately $33,487,653.71. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. 0.05% of the stock is currently owned by insiders. Merck & Company Company Profile Merck & Co, Inc is a global healthcare company. The Company offers health solutions through its prescription medicines, vaccines, biologic therapies and animal health products, which it markets directly and through its joint ventures. It operates through one segment, Pharmaceutical. The Company’s Pharmaceutical segment includes human health pharmaceutical and vaccine products marketed either directly by the Company or through joint ventures. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding MRK? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Merck & Company, Inc. (NYSE:MRK). Receive News & Ratings for Merck & Company Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Merck & Company Inc. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Wet Foot, Dry Foot Policy Ends for Cubans Confirmation Hearing of Senator Sessions Has Controversial Moments Golden Globe Award Winner Meryl Streep Blasts President-Elect Donald Trump to Receive Election Hacking Classified Report House GOP Members Back Down on Congressional Ethics Changes © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy   Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Merck & Company Inc. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Merck & Company Inc. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Canada Pension Plan Investment Board Cuts Stake in Southwestern Energy Company (SWN) Qiagen N.V. (QGEN) Stake Maintained by Canada Pension Plan Investment Board Sharkey Howes & Javer Has $125,000 Stake in Pepsico, Inc. (PEP) Rockefeller Financial Services Inc. Maintains Position in Rigel Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (RIGL) Orinda Asset Management LLC Takes Position in Facebook, Inc. (FB) Rockefeller Financial Services Inc. Maintains Position in Salesforce.com Inc (CRM) The Travelers Companies, Inc. (TRV) Stake Maintained by Rockefeller Financial Services Inc. Rockefeller Financial Services Inc. Has $134,000 Position in Johnson Controls International PLC (JCI) Aperio Group LLC Boosts Stake in National CineMedia, Inc. (NCMI) Oramed Pharmaceuticals Inc. (ORMP) Shares Bought by PNC Financial Services Group Inc. Stonegate Bank (SGBK) Position Increased by PNC Financial Services Group Inc. HD Supply Holdings, Inc. (HDS) Shares Sold by PNC Financial Services Group Inc. PNC Financial Services Group Inc. Acquires 126 Shares of Signature Bank (SBNY) US Bancorp DE Has $175,000 Stake in Avangrid, Inc. (AGR) Fortinet, Inc. (FTNT) Stake Maintained by DekaBank Deutsche Girozentrale PAREXEL International Corporation (PRXL) Position Lowered by Advisor Group Inc. Advisor Group Inc. Raises Position in Callon Petroleum Company (CPE) US Bancorp DE Purchases 444 Shares of Terex Corporation (TEX) California Public Employees Retirement System Has $192,000 Position in Perceptron, Inc. (PRCP) California Public Employees Retirement System Holds Stake in IEC Electronics (IEC) Merck & Company, Inc. (MRK) Research Coverage Started at Bryan, Garnier & Co January 13th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Latisha Jones Filed Under: Analyst Articles - US - Finance Tweet Bryan, Garnier & Co started coverage on shares of Merck & Company, Inc. (NYSE:MRK) in a report released on Friday. The brokerage set a “buy” rating on the stock. Several other research firms have also issued reports on MRK. Zacks Investment Research upgraded shares of Merck & Company from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating and set a $70.00 target price for the company in a research note on Friday, October 14th. Vetr lowered shares of Merck & Company from a “sell” rating to a “strong sell” rating and set a $52.27 target price for the company. in a research note on Tuesday, December 27th. Barclays PLC reiterated an “overweight” rating on shares of Merck & Company in a research note on Wednesday, October 12th. Leerink Swann reiterated a “market perform” rating and issued a $65.00 target price on shares of Merck & Company in a research note on Wednesday, October 12th. Finally, Jefferies Group downgraded shares of Merck & Company from a “hold” rating to an “underperform” rating and set a $48.00 price target on the stock. in a report on Monday, December 19th. Two analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, eight have assigned a hold rating and thirteen have given a buy rating to the company. The company currently has a consensus rating of “Hold” and an average price target of $65.79. Merck & Company (NYSE:MRK) traded down 0.06% during trading on Friday, reaching $62.17. 1,189,304 shares of the company’s stock traded hands. Merck & Company has a 52-week low of $47.97 and a 52-week high of $65.46. The company’s 50 day moving average is $60.73 and its 200-day moving average is $61.13. The stock has a market cap of $171.41 billion, a price-to-earnings ratio of 31.75 and a beta of 0.77. Merck & Company (NYSE:MRK) last posted its earnings results on Tuesday, October 25th. The company reported $1.07 earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, topping the Thomson Reuters’ consensus estimate of $0.99 by $0.08. Merck & Company had a net margin of 13.76% and a return on equity of 24.25%. The firm earned $10.50 billion during the quarter, compared to analyst estimates of $10.17 billion. During the same quarter in the prior year, the business posted $0.96 EPS. The business’s revenue was up 4.6% compared to the same quarter last year. On average, analysts anticipate that Merck & Company will post $3.79 earnings per share for the current fiscal year. The business also recently declared a quarterly dividend, which was paid on Monday, January 9th. Stockholders of record on Thursday, December 15th were given a dividend of $0.47 per share. The ex-dividend date was Tuesday, December 13th. This is a boost from Merck & Company’s previous quarterly dividend of $0.46. This represents a $1.88 annualized dividend and a dividend yield of 3.02%. Merck & Company’s dividend payout ratio is currently 95.92%. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION NOTICE: “Merck & Company, Inc. (MRK) Research Coverage Started at Bryan, Garnier & Co” was first published by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are reading this story on another website, it was stolen and reposted in violation of United States and international copyright legislation. The correct version of this story can be read at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/01/13/merck-company-inc-mrk-research-coverage-started-at-bryan-garnier-co.html. In related news, Director Rochelle B. Lazarus sold 20,000 shares of the company’s stock in a transaction that occurred on Wednesday, November 2nd. The shares were sold at an average price of $59.06, for a total value of $1,181,200.00. Following the transaction, the director now directly owns 9,594 shares in the company, valued at $566,621.64. The transaction was disclosed in a document filed with the SEC, which can be accessed through the SEC website. Also, EVP Julie L. Gerberding sold 85,523 shares of the company’s stock in a transaction that occurred on Monday, November 7th. The stock was sold at an average price of $60.02, for a total transaction of $5,133,090.46. Following the completion of the transaction, the executive vice president now owns 77,762 shares in the company, valued at $4,667,275.24. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Insiders own 0.05% of the company’s stock. Hedge funds and other institutional investors have recently bought and sold shares of the company. Solaris Asset Management LLC boosted its position in Merck & Company by 3.8% in the third quarter. Solaris Asset Management LLC now owns 1,635 shares of the company’s stock valued at $102,000 after buying an additional 60 shares during the period. Acrospire Investment Management LLC boosted its position in Merck & Company by 5.9% in the second quarter. Acrospire Investment Management LLC now owns 1,800 shares of the company’s stock valued at $104,000 after buying an additional 100 shares during the period. Roble Belko & Company Inc boosted its position in Merck & Company by 124.7% in the second quarter. Roble Belko & Company Inc now owns 1,802 shares of the company’s stock valued at $104,000 after buying an additional 1,000 shares during the period. Nelson Van Denburg & Campbell Wealth Management Group LLC boosted its position in Merck & Company by 1.8% in the third quarter. Nelson Van Denburg & Campbell Wealth Management Group LLC now owns 1,711 shares of the company’s stock valued at $106,000 after buying an additional 30 shares during the period. Finally, Blume Capital Management Inc. boosted its position in Merck & Company by 14.0% in the third quarter. Blume Capital Management Inc. now owns 1,710 shares of the company’s stock valued at $107,000 after buying an additional 210 shares during the period. Institutional investors own 72.43% of the company’s stock. Merck & Company Company Profile Merck & Co, Inc is a global healthcare company. The Company offers health solutions through its prescription medicines, vaccines, biologic therapies and animal health products, which it markets directly and through its joint ventures. It operates through one segment, Pharmaceutical. The Company’s Pharmaceutical segment includes human health pharmaceutical and vaccine products marketed either directly by the Company or through joint ventures. Receive News & Ratings for Merck & Company Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Merck & Company Inc. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Wet Foot, Dry Foot Policy Ends for Cubans Confirmation Hearing of Senator Sessions Has Controversial Moments Golden Globe Award Winner Meryl Streep Blasts President-Elect Donald Trump to Receive Election Hacking Classified Report House GOP Members Back Down on Congressional Ethics Changes © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
null
Home Ingredients Packaging Manufacturing Regulatory Finance Research Sectors Ingredients Packaging Manufacturing Regulatory Finance Research Regions Ingredients Packaging Manufacturing Regulatory Finance Research Events Ingredients Packaging Manufacturing Regulatory Finance Research Jobs Ingredients Packaging Manufacturing Regulatory Finance Research Directory Ingredients Packaging Manufacturing Regulatory Finance Research Search Lilly and Merck expand Immuno-Oncology collaboration 13-Jan-2017 Regulatory New study to evaluate combination of LARTRUVO (olaratumab) and KEYTRUDA® (pembrolizumab) Eli Lilly and Merck have announced the expansion of an existing immuno-oncology collaboration with Merck, known as MSD outside the U.S. and Canada, through a subsidiary, to add a new study of Lilly's LARTRUVO (olaratumab) with KEYTRUDA® (pembrolizumab) in patients with previously treated advanced or metastatic soft tissue sarcoma (STS). Notably, the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) recently granted accelerated approval for LARTRUVO (olaratumab injection, 10 mg/mL), in combination with doxorubicin, for the treatment of adults with STS with a histologic subtype for which an anthracycline-containing regimen is appropriate and which is not amenable to curative treatment with radiotherapy or surgery. LARTRUVO (olaratumab injection, 10 mg/mL), in combination with doxorubicin, also recently received conditional marketing authorisation from the European Medicines Agency for the treatment of adults with advanced STS not amenable to curative treatment with surgery or radiotherapy and who have not been previously treated with doxorubicin. "We look forward to further expanding our collaboration with Merck to include this combination study focused on advanced soft tissue sarcoma, a rare and difficult-to-treat disease with limited treatment options," said Susan Mahony, Ph.D., senior vice president and president, Lilly Oncology. "This collaborative study builds on the exciting data we have seen with olaratumab and supports our focus on investigating the potential of rational combinations to enhance efficacy and change the standards of care for people with cancer." "Historic and present day scientific advances continue to reinforce the role of combination therapies in extending the lives of people with cancer," said Eric Rubin, M.D., vice president and therapeutic area head, oncology early-stage development, Merck Research Laboratories. "Our collaboration with Lilly exemplifies our commitment to fully exploring combination regimens with KEYTRUDA to help arm physicians with the treatment tools they need to help their patients." Lilly is the sponsor of the Phase 1 study and enrollment is expected to begin mid-2017. Financial details of the collaboration were not disclosed. In addition to the study announced, other ongoing trials between Lilly and Merck, through a subsidiary, include: Studies of pemetrexed (plus carboplatin) and pembrolizumab in first-line nonsquamous non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC), including a Phase 3 study that is currently enrolling patients; A Phase 1 study examining the combination of ramucirumab with pembrolizumab in NSCLC, gastric cancer and bladder cancer; A Phase 1 study examining the combination of necitumumab with pembrolizumab in NSCLC; and A Phase 1 study examining the combination of abemaciclib, a CDK 4 and 6 inhibitor, with pembrolizumab. Based on the Phase 1 trial results, the collaboration has the potential to progress to Phase 2 trials in patients who have been diagnosed with either metastatic breast cancer or NSCLC. Olaratumab (marketed under the brand name LARTRUVO) is a platelet-derived growth factor receptor alpha (PDGFR-α) blocking antibody that specifically binds PDGFR-α and prevents receptor activation. LARTRUVO exhibits in vitro and in vivo anti-tumor activity against selected sarcoma cell lines and disrupted the PDGFR-α signaling pathway in in vivo tumor implant models. Pembrolizumab (marketed under the brand name KEYTRUDA®) is a humanised monoclonal antibody that works by increasing the ability of the body's immune system to help detect and fight tumor cells. Pembrolizumab blocks the interaction between PD-1 and its ligands, PD-L1 and PD-L2, thereby activating T lymphocytes, which may affect both tumor cells and healthy cells. Companies Merck MSD Lilly Oncology Subscriber Sign In email: password: Why subscribe? Related Articles Fujifilm Diosynth to collaborate with MSD on large-scale microbial biologics facility Zika outbreak gives rise to global fears Latest EU drug approvals span range of health issues Amgen and Immatics enter strategic collaboration to develop novel bispecific cancer immunotherapies Avacta announces CAR-T cell therapy research collaboration with major US cancer centre Elsevier R&D Solutions welcomes four biotech start-ups to The Hive Almac discover an exciting link between its immune response assay and checkpoint inhibitor-based therapy Taiho Ventures invests in Arcus Biosciences as part of $70 million series B investment round Bristol-Myers Squibb buys rare disease biotech Cormorant Pharmaceuticals CGT and CTM CRC sign T-cell research agreement OSE Pharma and Effimune merger to create OSE Immunotherapeutics Related Press Releases Proteros signs second oncology collaboration with MSD on epigenetic target Related Jobs David Khougazian joins Sanofi Pasteur MSD as President Meeta Gulyani to join Merck Serono on 7 May Jean-Paul Kress to become Sanofi Pasteur MSD president About Manufacturing Chemist Contact Us About HPCi Media Limited Terms and Conditions Privacy ^ Top
▮ Home ▮ Business Latest Headlines Top Stories Breaking News Earnings Biotech Investors IPOs M&A Canadian UK Key Wallstreet Events ▮ Industry News Technology Software Banking Automotive Energy More ▮ Stock Alerts Active Traders Before the Bell $5 and under Intraday Updates After the Bell ▮ Corp. Calendars Dividends Stock Splits Buybacks Conference Calls ▮ Earnings Calendars Earnings Calendar Pos Pre-announcements Profit Warnings Positive Surprise Negative Surprise Latest Earnings ▮ FDA Calendars Drug Approvals Device Approvals Clinical Trial Calendar ▮ Ratings Changes Upgrades Downgrades Cov Initiations Cov. Reiterated ▮ Economy US Europe Asia Global Economic Calendar Economic Scorecard Fed Members ▮ Markets Morning Mkt Analysis US Commentary European Commentary Asian Commentary Canadian Commentary Indian Commentary Commodities Bonds Currencies ▮ Politics US World White House Elections Congress General News ▮ Forex FX Top Stories Currency Analysis Currency Alerts Economic Calendar Economic Scorecard ▮ Health Hot Topics Diet & Fitness Kids Health Men's Health Women's Health Cancer News Drug Development Mental Health ▮ Tech Hot Topics Gadgets & Games Mobile Green Tech ▮ Entertainment Top Stories TV News Movie News Slide Shows Game of Thrones ▮ Music news Pop Rock Classic Rock Rap/Hip-Hop Country Alternative Oldies All Genre ▮ Content Licensing Newswires & Feeds Content Syndication Digital Signage Services Radio News Services ▮ Premium Emerging Biostocks Under The Radar Short-Term Investor NewsStream Login ▮ More Free Content RSS Feeds Search ▮ Blog Political Science / Nature Fundamental Analysis ▮ Columns Science & Tech Arts & Leisure Politics & Policy Money Home Business Latest Headlines Top Stories Breaking News Earnings Biotech Investors IPOs M&A Canadian UK Key Wallstreet Events Industry News Technology Software Banking Automotive Energy More Stock Alerts Active Traders Before the Bell $5 and under Intraday Updates After the Bell Corp. Calendars Dividends Stock Splits Buybacks Conference Calls Earnings Calendars Earnings Calendar Pos Pre-announcements Profit Warnings Positive Surprise Negative Surprise Latest Earnings FDA Calendars Drug Approvals Device Approvals Clinical Trial Calendar Ratings Changes Upgrades Downgrades Cov Initiations Cov. Reiterated Economy US Europe Asia Global Economic Calendar Economic Scorecard Fed Members Markets Morning Mkt Analysis US Commentary European Commentary Asian Commentary Canadian Commentary Indian Commentary Commodities Bonds Currencies Politics US World White House Elections Congress General News Forex FX Top Stories Currency Analysis Currency Alerts Economic Calendar Economic Scorecard Health Hot Topics Diet & Fitness Kids Health Men's Health Women's Health Cancer News Drug Development Mental Health Tech Hot Topics Gadgets & Games Mobile Green Tech Entertainment Top Stories TV News Movie News Slide Shows Game of Thrones Music news Pop Rock Classic Rock Rap/Hip-Hop Country Alternative Oldies All Genre Content Licensing Newswires & Feeds Content Syndication Digital Signage Services Radio News Services Premium Emerging Biostocks Under The Radar Short-Term Investor NewsStream Login More Free Content RSS Feeds Search Blog Political Science / Nature Fundamental Analysis Columns Science & Tech Arts & Leisure Politics & Policy Money European Market Updates   E-MAIL  SHARE FONT-SIZE    Tweet Share European Markets Rebound From Trump-Related Weakness 1/13/2017 11:59 AM ET The European markets bounced back from Thursday's weak performance and finished Friday's session firmly in positive territory. Pharmaceutical stocks recovered some ground following yesterday's pullback. Comments from U.S. President-elect Donald Trump's press conference on Wednesday weighed on the sector on Thursday. Shares of Fiat Chrysler also rebounded from yesterday's sharp decline. The stock sold-off after the U.S. EPA accused the company of diesel emissions violations. Bank stocks also turned in a strong performance Friday after some of the largest U.S. banks reported better than expected quarterly results. The pan-European Stoxx Europe 600 index advanced 0.91 percent. The Euro Stoxx 50 index of eurozone blue chip stocks increased 1.15 percent, while the Stoxx Europe 50 index, which includes some major U.K. companies, added 0.85 percent. The DAX of Germany climbed 0.94 percent and the CAC 40 of France rose 1.20 percent. The FTSE 100 of the U.K. gained 0.62 percent and the SMI of Switzerland finished higher by 0.92 percent. In Frankfurt, Merck KGaA rose 2.22 percent after announcing a partnership with Palantir giving the later a cut of Merck's resulting profits. Deutsche Bank climbed 3.81 percent and Commerzbank added 2.86 percent. In Paris, media & entertainment firm Technicolor plunged 19.69 percent after issuing downbeat trading update for 2016. Societe Generale advanced 3.48 percent and BNP Paribas gained 2.66 percent. Credit Agricole also finished higher by 3.88 percent. In London, Mitchells & Butlers increased 1.88 percent after the pub operator reported strong festive period sales across all brands. Grafton Group jumped 8.42 percent. In a trading update, the building materials and DIY group said its group revenue for the year to the end of December rose by 13 percent on a reported basis and by 10 percent in constant currencies. ITV advanced 2.81 percent after Goldman Sachs upgraded its outlook for the media sector to "attractive" from "neutral". Specialist building products distributor SIG soared 16.10 percent on reporting a 1.2 percent rise in group sales for the year to the end of December. Fiat Chrysler climbed 4.61 percent in Milan, after tumbling as much as 16 percent the previous day as the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency accused the company of using undeclared software to pass laboratory emissions tests. Germany's wholesale prices increased at the fastest pace since late 2012, data from Destatis showed Friday. Wholesale prices increased 2.8 percent in December from prior year, the biggest rise since October 2012, when prices climbed 3.1 percent. China exports declined more-than-expected at the end of the year on subdued global demand, while imports growth exceeded expectations, official data revealed Friday. Exports fell 6.1 percent annually in December, data from the General Administration of Customs revealed, which was much faster than the 3.8 percent decline economists had expected. On the other hand, imports climbed 3.1 percent, slightly faster than the forecast of 3 percent. As a result, the trade surplus dropped unexpectedly to $40.8 billion in December from around $44.6 billion in November. The surplus was forecast to increase to $47.5 billion. Retail sales in the U.S. increased by slightly less than expected in the month of December, according to a report released by the Commerce Department on Friday. The Commerce Department said retail sales climbed by 0.6 percent in December after edging up by a revised 0.2 percent in November. Economists had expected retail sales to advance by 0.7 percent compared to the 0.1 percent uptick originally reported for the previous month. U.S. producer price growth came in line with economist estimates in the month of December, the Labor Department revealed in a report on Friday. The Labor Department said its producer price index for final demand rose by 0.3 percent in December after climbing by 0.4 percent in November. With consumer expectations seeing a slight deterioration, the University of Michigan released a report on Friday unexpectedly showing a modest drop in U.S. consumer sentiment in the month of January. The University of Michigan said its consumer sentiment index edged down to 98.1 in January from 98.2 in December. Economists had expected the index to rise to 98.5. Reflecting rebounds in retail and wholesale inventories, the Commerce Department released a report on Friday showing that U.S. business inventories increased by more than expected in the month of November. The Commerce Department said business inventories climbed by 0.7 percent in November after edging down by a revised 0.1 percent in October. Economists had expected inventories to rise by 0.6 percent compared to the 0.2 percent drop that had been reported for the previous month. by RTT Staff Writer For comments and feedback: editorial@rttnews.com Market Analysis Trump Takes Power, Manufacturing In Focus -- Economic Preview For Week of January 16 Lazy, or Inefficient? These are the World's Least Productive Countries Universal Basic Income Back In Vogue Next Story European Market news European Shares Rise On Weaker Euro; FTSE Hits Fresh Record High FTSE 100 Extends Winning Streak As Healthcare Stocks Rebound CAC 40 Rises Led By Banks DAX Rebounds On US Optimism European Shares Seen Ticking Higher Ahead Of US Bank Earnings European Markets Weaken In Reaction To Trump Statements European Shares Slide As Trump Offers Little Clarity FTSE 100 Snaps Winning Run As Pound Rises CAC 40 Retreats After Trump Remarks DAX Edges Lower On US Policy Uncertainty European Shares Poised For Subdued Start As Trump Speech Disappoints European Markets Finish Higher Despite Slow Start European Shares Rebound From Early Losses FTSE 100 Nudges Higher After Weak Start CAC 40 Retreats Ahead Of Trump Conference <<Previous        26 Articles Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. comments powered by Disqus Follow RTT Editor's Pick Most Read Most Emailed Manufacturing, Housing In Focus Amid Trump's Inauguration Stocks Close Mostly Higher But Dow Dips Slightly - U.S. Commentary House Approves Resolution Setting Up Repeal Of Obamacare GOP Congressman Threatens To Subpoena Ethics Watchdog Critical Of Trump Lazy, Or Inefficient? The World's Least Productive Countries, Ranked Millennials Fail To Keep Up With Mom And Dad U.S. Consumer Sentiment Unexpectedly Edges Lower In January India's SpiceJet Buying Up To 205 Boeing Planes U.S. Producer Prices Rise 0.3% In December, Matching Estimates U.S. Retail Sales Growth Falls Just Short Of Estimates In December JPMorgan Chase Q4 Profit Rises; Results Top Estimates Trump Vows Full Report On Hacking Within 90 Days Wall Street Set For Higher Opening Wall Street On Slippery Grounds Wall Street Set To Open Higher Pending Trump's Speech Wall Street Eyes Greener Pastures European Shares Seen Ticking Higher Ahead Of US Bank Earnings Hong Kong Market May Snap Winning Streak Indonesia Shares May Extend Losing Streak Stocks May Give Back Ground In Early Trading - U.S. Commentary Stocks Close Higher Following Trump-Inspired Volatility - U.S. Commentary Stocks Close Modestly Lower But Well Off Worst Levels - U.S. Commentary Asian Shares Mostly Lower As Trump Optimism Fades European Shares Extend Slide; FTSE 100 Bucks Trend European Shares Seen Lower As Dollar Loses Further Ground Asian Shares Mixed As Oil Steadies DAX Holds Steady In Lackluster Trade; Banks Drag CAC 40 Gives Up Early Gains As Banks Retreat FTSE 100 Extends Winning Run As Pound Weakens European Shares Extend Slide; FTSE 100 Bucks Trend Sensex Rises 173 Points Despite Muted Global Cues; Nifty Nears 8300 Wall Street Eyes Greener Pastures Bay Street May Steady Along With Oil Prices -- Canadian Commentary Stocks May Continue To Experience Choppy Trading - U.S. Commentary Choppy Trading May Persist On Wall Street Stocks Move Modestly Higher In Morning Trading - U.S. Commentary Copyright © 2017 RTTNews. All rights reserved. By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Service. About Us   |   Privacy   |   Feedback   |   Sitemap
Market Trend Market Trend The Big Picture Stock Market Today IBD's ETF Market Strategy Psychological Market Indicators Stock Lists Stock Lists IBD 50 IBD Big Cap 20 IPO Leaders Stocks Near A Buy Zone Sector Leaders New Highs Global Leaders Your Weekly Review Stock Spotlight Relative Strength at New High Rising Profit Estimates CAN SLIM Select Stocks On The Move Stocks that Funds are Buying Tech Leaders IBD Data Tables Research Stock Research IBD Stock Checkup IBD Charts ETFs & Funds Investing Action Plan The Income Investor ETF Center Earnings Preview Industry Snapshot IBD Industry Themes IBD Stock Analysis Short Selling Futures & Options The New America Swing Trading Bonds Premium Investing Tools Leaderboard Swing Trader eTables Top Rated Stocks Under $10 MarketSmith News NEWS eIBD Best ETFs Technology ETF Leaders Click Tech Blog Best Mutual Funds Economy Retirement Economic Calendar Personal Finance Real Estate Financial Advisor Briefing Special Reports Management Politics Politics Editorials IBD/TIPP Poll Commentary Economic Optimism Index Columnists Election 2016 Policy & Analysis IBD Videos How to Invest Lesson Topics Getting Started with IBD The CAN SLIM Investing System How to Time the Stock Market How to Find and Evaluate Stocks How to Read Stock Charts How to Buy Stocks How to Sell Stocks Swing Trading Educational Resources Investor's Corner IBD Live Workshops IBD Home Study Courses New to IBD IBD Meetups Ask IBD IBD Key Terms Webinars Leaderboard Swing Trader MarketSmith Store News Shopping Cart Your cart is currently empty. Visit the IBD Store to get started. Market Trend Market Trend The Big Picture Stock Market Today IBD's ETF Market Strategy Psychological Market Indicators Stock Lists Stock Lists IBD 50 IBD Big Cap 20 IPO Leaders Stocks Near A Buy Zone Sector Leaders New Highs Global Leaders Your Weekly Review Stock Spotlight Relative Strength at New High Rising Profit Estimates CAN SLIM Select Stocks On The Move Stocks that Funds are Buying Tech Leaders IBD Data Tables Research Stock Research IBD Stock Checkup IBD Charts ETFs & Funds Investing Action Plan The Income Investor ETF Center Earnings Preview Industry Snapshot IBD Industry Themes IBD Stock Analysis Short Selling Futures & Options The New America Swing Trading Bonds Premium Investing Tools Leaderboard Swing Trader eTables Top Rated Stocks Under $10 MarketSmith News NEWS eIBD Best ETFs Technology ETF Leaders Click Tech Blog Best Mutual Funds Economy Retirement Economic Calendar Personal Finance Real Estate Financial Advisor Briefing Special Reports Management Politics Politics Editorials IBD/TIPP Poll Commentary Economic Optimism Index Columnists Election 2016 Policy & Analysis IBD Videos How to Invest Lesson Topics Getting Started with IBD The CAN SLIM Investing System How to Time the Stock Market How to Find and Evaluate Stocks How to Read Stock Charts How to Buy Stocks How to Sell Stocks Swing Trading Educational Resources Investor's Corner IBD Live Workshops IBD Home Study Courses New to IBD IBD Meetups Ask IBD IBD Key Terms Webinars Leaderboard Swing Trader MarketSmith Store Hi MY IBD SIGN OUT My Products My Favorites My Stock Lists Edit Sign In Shopping Cart Hi SIGN OUT My Products My Favorites Edit My Stock Lists SIGN IN REGISTER Keep me signed in Signing in... Can't access my account Need to register? I am a current subscriber and need to register. I am not a current subscriber and want to register for a free membership. Next Not a member? Try 4 weeks of IBD Digital Premium and get instant access to exclusive stock lists, proprietary ratings and actionable stock analysis. Get Started Now! Current subscribers register here. Keep me signed in Signing in... Forgot your password? Technology Trump's 'Disastrous' Pharma View Doesn't Rattle JPMorgan Drug Conference Even weighed down by the drug-pricing issue, the industry, says a CEO, is more optimistic than it was a year ago. (rolffimages - Fotolia/stock.adobe.com) ALLISON GATLIN 1/13/2017 Reprints SAN FRANCISCO — Less than an hour after President-elect Donald Trump on Wednesday referred to the drug industry as "disastrous," Alder Biopharmaceuticals (ALDR) CEO Randall Schatzman classified the tone at the 35th annual JPMorgan Healthcare Conference as "cautiously optimistic." That's a wide departure from the 2016 event. At that time, he said, sentiment was decidedly pessimistic as the U.S. entered what turned out to be a raucous election year. The drug-pricing debate is alive, but biotech sentiment is growing stronger this year, Schatzman told IBD in an interview at the conference, one of the drug industry's major events, held this week in San Francisco. "Talking about the biotech industry as a whole, I think it's finally come to maturity," he said. "Over the last two years, almost 70 drugs have been approved that have come from innovation in biotechnology, not large pharma. So the dollars there are really paying us back, and we're seeing some real game-changers." Among those, Schatzman included Alder's anti-CGRP migraine drug, which competes directly with similar meds from Eli Lilly (LLY), Teva Pharmaceutical (TEVA) and Amgen (AMGN). The migraine market is big enough that all four could grab a sizable share when their drugs hit shelves, likely in 2019. But he acknowledges Trump's comments didn't help stock prices. Holding his phone, Schatzman pulled up a screen of biotech stocks, red arrows indicating their descent. To that point, the iShares Nasdaq Biotechnology Index (IBB) (an exchange-traded fund) fell 3% Wednesday. It rose a fraction both Thursday and Friday. IBD'S TAKE: Trump's commentary sent drug stocks into a tailspin on Wednesday. Get the deep dive on what it means for your drug and biotech picks on IBD's Industry Themes. So any rally Wall Street expected from the JPMorgan event didn't unfold. But here are five key takeaways investors could note for 2017 as Trump takes office, drug firms look to sidestep Lilly's Alzheimer's flop and M&A gets an early start. Drug-Pricing Debate Gets New Infusion Trump isn't alone in his fixation on drug prices. Celgene (CELG) CEO Mark Alles parried back when a reporter questioned whether the No. 3 biotech would follow in Allergan's (AGN) footsteps, applying a so-called "social contract" to not raise prices more than 10% annually. Celgene has offered free access programs for years, Alles said, estimating the No. 3 biotech gives away 6% of its drugs each year for free. Drug-prices increases help fund R&D for new drugs, he added. CFO Peter Kellogg estimates Celgene reinvests 35% of its funds into R&D, when accounting for partnerships. Alles says Celgene goes through a "thoughtful process," accounting for innovation and spending to bring a drug to market before it prices a new med. Schatzman used the same words to describe Alder's plan to price out its anti-CGRP drug, once it nears FDA approval and heads to market. But HealthPrize Technologies CEO Tom Kottler called pricing spikes the easy way out for drug companies. HealthPrize is a software-as-a-service firm that marries behavioral economics and consumer marketing to analyze and improve patient adherence to prescriptions. Pharma leaves about $637 billion in worldwide revenue on the table each year by not pushing patients to take their meds, Kottler told IBD. To bridge the gap, companies can bring new products to market, prompt doctors to write more prescriptions or raise prices. Typically, they choose the latter. They're missing out on easy money, Kottler says. But raising prices "is the easiest thing for them," he said. Bristol-Myers Sneaking Up On Merck Drugmaker Merck (MRK) announced its immuno-oncology (IO) drug Keytruda in combination with chemo — Eli Lilly's Alimta — had won priority review from the FDA in non-small cell lung cancer and has a Prescription Drug Free User Act (PDUFA) date of May 10. Meanwhile, Merck and Incyte (INCY) are moving Keytruda and epacadostat into phase 3 trials of four tumor types (non-small cell lung cancer, renal cell carcinoma, bladder cancer and squamous cell carcinoma of the head and neck). Incyte stock jumped 9.4% Jan. 9 on the news. But Bristol-Myers Squibb (BMY) is on Merck's tail, analysts say. Bristol-Myers is testing a combination of Opdivo and Yervoy, both IO therapies, in NSCLC. Analysts expect the Bristol-Myers readout in the first half of 2018. IO combos are likely to be more effective and durable than IO plus chemo, some say. Takeda Takeout Could Spur Oncology M&A On Monday, Japan's Takeda Pharmaceutical put down a $24 per share bid on Ariad Pharmaceuticals (ARIAD), an oncology firm based in Massachusetts. Ariad stock flew 73% on the news, helping shares of oncology firm Tesaro (TSRO) lift 3.7%. Tesaro stock and four IPOs led IBD's 420-company Medical-Biomed/Biotech industry group in 2016, with each of those stocks seeing triple-digit gains. Tesaro jumped 157%, where the group overall fell 24% amid the painful election cycle. Now, analysts wonder if Tesaro's success and an oncology-minded atmosphere — reiterated by Takeda's offer on Ariad — could garner a bid for Tesaro. Leerink analyst Seamus Fernandez sees a potential takeout price of $170 per share of Tesaro stock, which closed Friday at 156.41 after rising 6.4%. "While Tesaro remains well positioned to grow independently, a validated PARP inhibitor like niraparib (an ovarian cancer drug still in development) could offer a durable and strategically important product opportunity for multiple suitors," Fernandez wrote in a research report Jan. 9. Amgen, Regeneron LDL-Busters Face-Off In Court Regeneron (REGN) and Sanofi (SNY) are asking a federal judge to stay a ban on their LDL-busting drug, Praluent, in the aftermath of a patent battle that landed in a win for No. 1 biotech Amgen. Praluent infringes on Amgen's patent for PCSK9 inhibitor Repatha, the judge said. Meanwhile, an LDL-buster from Alnylam Pharmaceuticals (ALNY) and The Medicines Co. (MDCO) is slowly advancing. On Jan. 9, The Medicines Co. announced a 180-day interim analysis from a study examining PCSK9si inclisiran. The data showed inclisiran significantly lowered LDL up to day 210. RBC analyst Adnan Butt expects six-month data to be similar on efficacy and safety. Details are expected during the 2017 American College of Cardiology conference in March in Washington, D.C. Inclisiran should do well on strong data despite the patent litigation for Amgen and Regeneron/Sanofi. "Inclisiran is differentiated and has no patent litigation overhang," Butt said in a research report Wednesday. Alzheimer's Readout Could 'Lift All Boats' Axovant (AXON) CEO Vivek Ramaswamy says the biotech and drug industry has "utterly failed" in Alzheimer's. Oncology, inflammation, cardiology — they've all seen significant advancements in the last 10 years. Neurodegenerative diseases like Alzheimer's and dementia, including those with lewy bodies, haven't, he says. "If we don't find a treatment, it's a major threat to society," he told IBD in an interview Wednesday. "This is the single area in health care we have failed to deliver a major advancement in, in the last decade." Ramaswamy says he was rooting for Eli Lilly in December. But Lilly's highly-lauded solanezumab failed to meet its primary endpoints in a late-stage trial, causing Lilly stock to plunge 10.5% the day of that announcement. Lilly's drug and a drug in development by Biogen (BIIB) work to remove plaque buildups in the brain associated with Alzheimer's. But that's a "silver bullet" theory, and Ramaswamy doesn't buy it. Instead, he sees it necessary to treat the various behavioral, psychological and neurological pieces of Alzheimer's and dementia. Axovant is aiming to build new therapies on top of older ones. Axovant is next is the Alzheimer's field to deliver a readout. Data are slated for Q3, he said. Ramaswamy is looking for just one major piece of news in Alzheimer's advancement. Says Ramaswamy, "A rising tide will lift all boats." ALLISON GATLIN | Facebook | @IBD_AGatlin Share this: Related news Regeneron and partner Sanofi might well have to pull a branded product from store shelves, which an analyst says would be a first. (Regeneron) Odds Are Against Regeneron, Sanofi In Amgen Patent Battle: Leerink 1/13/2017 Amgen will likely triumph in a patent battle with Regeneron and Sanofi, Leerink says. 1/13/2017 Amgen will likely triumph in a patent battle with Regeneron... Eli Lilly Rebounds On Chemo-Drug Patent Win Vs. Generic Teva ETF Investors Turn Defensive, Bid Up Bonds, Gold After Trump's Talk Biotech ETF Snaps Its Win Streak In 2017 As Trump Slams Drug Pricing Drug Stocks Tank As Trump Vows To Attack High Drug Prices Stocks Wipe Away Losses, Close Higher; Drug Stocks Feel Trump Thump Trump Says Drugmakers 'Getting Away With Murder', Cites F-35, Ford, Fiat Stock Open Flat; What Will Trump Press Conference Unveil? Stocks Still Mixed, Medicals Lead Upside; Is Incyte The Next Amgen? Today's Spotlight A Look Ahead to 2017 with IBD Before we look at what's ahead in 2017, here are some of IBD's key events and enhancements in 2016. Join IBD at The Orlando MoneyShow Learn about trading fundamentals, top-performing growth stocks and more! Try SwingTrader Free – New App! Download our new App! Get instant push notifications on buy points, sell signals, and more! More News Netflix Leads 5 Hot Techs To Watch As Nasdaq Closes At New High Annuities should be viewed as contracts guaranteeing a sum of money paid each year, rather than as investments. (Alexander Supertramp/Shutterstock.com) Annuities: Love Them Or Hate Them, At Least They're Not Risky Exploring independence: Why do advisors choose the RIA model? Promoted Content By Schwab Advisor Services Special Report IPO Stock News And Analysis: Find Today's Top New Issues Get the latest news on recent and upcoming IPOs, filings for new issues, and today’s top-performing IPO stocks. TRADING CENTER INVESTING RESOURCES SUBSCRIBE TO THE IBD DIGITAL EDITION Get 4 free weeks of the IBD Digital edition plus access to IBD's exclusive market analysis, proprietary stock ratings and interactive tools. WATCH, LEARN AND LISTEN WITH IBD VIDEOS Stay on top of the market with IBD's exclusive videos. You will find the latest news, market analysis, and education to help you become a more successful investor. GETTING STARTED WITH IBD Get the most out of IBD's products and features by learning the CAN SLIM Investing System and staying in sync with the market trend. IBD Stock Charts IBD Stock Checkup Stock Quotes CAN SLIM Advisors MarketSmith How to Buy Stocks How to Read Stock Charts When to Sell Stocks IBD Retail Locations Ad Choices About Us Contact Us Advertising Terms & Privacy Policy Site Map IBD Stock Charts IBD Stock Checkup Stock Quotes CAN SLIM Advisors MarketSmith How to Buy Stocks How to Read Stock Charts When to Sell Stocks IBD Retail Locations Ad Choices Stock Market Today The Big Picture Economic Calendar Investing Workshops New to IBD Economy Technology Politics Editorials Co-Browse Notice: Information contained herein is not and should not be construed as an offer, solicitation, or recommendation to buy or sell securities. The information has been obtained from sources we believe to be reliable; however no guarantee is made or implied with respect to its accuracy, timeliness, or completeness. Authors may own the stocks they discuss. The information and content are subject to change without notice. *Real-time prices by Bats®. Volume delayed. Real-time quote and/or trade prices are not sourced from all markets. © 2000-2017 Investor's Business Daily, Inc. All rights reserved
WSJ WSJ LIVE WSJ Live on Facebook WSJ Live on Twitter MARKETWATCH MarketWatch on Facebook MarketWatch on Twitter BARRON'S <h4>Barrons on Facebook</h4><div style="border: none; padding: 2px 3px;" class="fb-like" data-href="http://www.facebook.com/barronsonline" data-send="false" data-layout="button_count" data-width="250" data-show-faces="false" data-action="recommend"></div> <h4>Barrons on Twitter</h4><a href="https://twitter.com/barronsonline" class="twitter-follow-button" data-show-count="true">Follow @barronsonline</a> DJX Product X on Facebook Product X on Twitter RT F R&C PE&VC WSJ B MORE Mansion Global WSJ Secure BigCharts Financial News Professor Journal Realtor.com Student Journal Virtual Stock Exchange WSJ Classifieds WSJ Classrooms WSJ Wine Search Asia Edition U.S. Edition   Subscribe Log In Home Magazine This Week's Edition Past Editions New: Cartoons Daily All Coverage Barron's Take Weekday Trader Up & Down Wall St. Daily Getting Technical Striking Price Daily Wall Street's Best Minds Read This, Spike That Stocks to Watch Today Asia Stocks to Watch Income Investing Tech Trader Daily Focus on Funds Emerging Markets Q&A Video Center Investing Ideas Overview Barron's Picks & Pans Mutual Funds / ETFs Hedge Funds Stocks Center Commodities Center Bonds Center Options Center Barron's Take Weekday Trader Stock Alert Inside Scoop Ahead of the Crowd Focus on Funds Stocks to Watch Today Barron's Roundtable Advisor Center Overview Top 100 Advisors Top 100 Women Advisors Top 100 Independent Advisors Top 1,200 Advisors Advisor Profiles Market Data Market Data Center Market Lab Economic Calendar Watchlist Stock Grader Stock & Fund Tables Barron's 400 PENTA Penta Magazine Penta Daily Penta Archives Barron's NEXT Investors' Soapbox AM Drug Pricing May Linger Over Biotech in 2017 Innovative therapies are likely safe, but there may be some macro concerns around pricing. Jan. 13, 2017 11:01 a.m. ET Credit Suisse Overall, we think sentiment was a bit more upbeat [at the JPMorgan Healthcare Conference] than last year. We think highlights from our coverage include the Incyte (ticker: INCY) Merck (MRK) Indoleamine 2,3-dioxygenase 1 (IDO1) trial expansion, BioMarin Pharmaceutical (BMRN) gene-therapy continues to move forward, Sarepta... Get The Full Story Subscribe   or   Log In Want to participate in the discussion? Already a subscriber? Log in for complete access. Powered by Livefyre Most Popular 1. Stocks Could Post Single-Digit Gains in 2017 Subscriber Content Read Preview 2. Our 2016 Stock Picks Beat the Market Subscriber Content Read Preview 3. Dividend-Hike Heroes Subscriber Content Read Preview 4. At Last, Hope Triumphs Subscriber Content Read Preview See Full List Latest Market Videos 1 Felix Zulauf: Geopolitical Tension Impacts Markets 2 Bill Priest: Stocks With Solid Earnings Potential 3 How to Get Free Travel With New Credit Cards Barron's Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn YouTube RSS Feed AppStore Google Play Return to Top« Customer Service Customer Center Contact Us Live Help Refer Your Friends to Barron's and Get Rewarded. Learn More Create an Account Subscribe to Barron's Magazine Subscribers: Activate Your Digital Access About Barrons.com Advertising Masthead Privacy Policy Cookie Policy Data Policy Copyright Policy Subscriber Agreement & Terms of Use Your Ad Choices Community Guidelines Also From Barron's Conferences Reprints Classifieds College Program Find a Broker Barron's in Japanese Tools & Services Mobile Site Email Newsletters Barron's on iPad/iPhone Barron's on Android Watchlist Video Annual Reports StockGrader Barron's 400 Economic Calendar Stock & Mutual Fund Listings Commodities, Options & Annuities Listings Fund Prospectuses ACAP Enabled Copyright ©2017 Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All Rights Reserved.
WSJ WSJ LIVE WSJ Live on Facebook WSJ Live on Twitter MARKETWATCH MarketWatch on Facebook MarketWatch on Twitter BARRON'S <h4>Barrons on Facebook</h4><div style="border: none; padding: 2px 3px;" class="fb-like" data-href="http://www.facebook.com/barronsonline" data-send="false" data-layout="button_count" data-width="250" data-show-faces="false" data-action="recommend"></div> <h4>Barrons on Twitter</h4><a href="https://twitter.com/barronsonline" class="twitter-follow-button" data-show-count="true">Follow @barronsonline</a> DJX Product X on Facebook Product X on Twitter RT F R&C PE&VC WSJ B MORE Mansion Global WSJ Secure BigCharts Financial News Professor Journal Realtor.com Student Journal Virtual Stock Exchange WSJ Classifieds WSJ Classrooms WSJ Wine Search Asia Edition U.S. Edition   Subscribe Log In Home Magazine This Week's Edition Past Editions New: Cartoons Daily All Coverage Barron's Take Weekday Trader Up & Down Wall St. Daily Getting Technical Striking Price Daily Wall Street's Best Minds Read This, Spike That Stocks to Watch Today Asia Stocks to Watch Income Investing Tech Trader Daily Focus on Funds Emerging Markets Q&A Video Center Investing Ideas Overview Barron's Picks & Pans Mutual Funds / ETFs Hedge Funds Stocks Center Commodities Center Bonds Center Options Center Barron's Take Weekday Trader Stock Alert Inside Scoop Ahead of the Crowd Focus on Funds Stocks to Watch Today Barron's Roundtable Advisor Center Overview Top 100 Advisors Top 100 Women Advisors Top 100 Independent Advisors Top 1,200 Advisors Advisor Profiles Market Data Market Data Center Market Lab Economic Calendar Watchlist Stock Grader Stock & Fund Tables Barron's 400 PENTA Penta Magazine Penta Daily Penta Archives Barron's NEXT Investors' Soapbox AM Drug Pricing May Linger Over Biotech in 2017 Innovative therapies are likely safe, but there may be some macro concerns around pricing. Jan. 13, 2017 11:01 a.m. ET Credit Suisse Overall, we think sentiment was a bit more upbeat [at the JPMorgan Healthcare Conference] than last year. We think highlights from our coverage include the Incyte (ticker: INCY) Merck (MRK) Indoleamine 2,3-dioxygenase 1 (IDO1) trial expansion, BioMarin Pharmaceutical (BMRN) gene-therapy continues to move forward, Sarepta... Get The Full Story Subscribe   or   Log In Want to participate in the discussion? Already a subscriber? Log in for complete access. Powered by Livefyre Most Popular 1. Stocks Could Post Single-Digit Gains in 2017 Subscriber Content Read Preview 2. Our 2016 Stock Picks Beat the Market Subscriber Content Read Preview 3. Dividend-Hike Heroes Subscriber Content Read Preview 4. At Last, Hope Triumphs Subscriber Content Read Preview See Full List Latest Market Videos 1 Felix Zulauf: Geopolitical Tension Impacts Markets 2 Bill Priest: Stocks With Solid Earnings Potential 3 How to Get Free Travel With New Credit Cards Barron's Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn YouTube RSS Feed AppStore Google Play Return to Top« Customer Service Customer Center Contact Us Live Help Refer Your Friends to Barron's and Get Rewarded. Learn More Create an Account Subscribe to Barron's Magazine Subscribers: Activate Your Digital Access About Barrons.com Advertising Masthead Privacy Policy Cookie Policy Data Policy Copyright Policy Subscriber Agreement & Terms of Use Your Ad Choices Community Guidelines Also From Barron's Conferences Reprints Classifieds College Program Find a Broker Barron's in Japanese Tools & Services Mobile Site Email Newsletters Barron's on iPad/iPhone Barron's on Android Watchlist Video Annual Reports StockGrader Barron's 400 Economic Calendar Stock & Mutual Fund Listings Commodities, Options & Annuities Listings Fund Prospectuses ACAP Enabled Copyright ©2017 Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All Rights Reserved.
WSJ WSJ LIVE WSJ Live on Facebook WSJ Live on Twitter MARKETWATCH MarketWatch on Facebook MarketWatch on Twitter BARRON'S <h4>Barrons on Facebook</h4><div style="border: none; padding: 2px 3px;" class="fb-like" data-href="http://www.facebook.com/barronsonline" data-send="false" data-layout="button_count" data-width="250" data-show-faces="false" data-action="recommend"></div> <h4>Barrons on Twitter</h4><a href="https://twitter.com/barronsonline" class="twitter-follow-button" data-show-count="true">Follow @barronsonline</a> DJX Product X on Facebook Product X on Twitter RT F R&C PE&VC WSJ B MORE Mansion Global WSJ Secure BigCharts Financial News Professor Journal Realtor.com Student Journal Virtual Stock Exchange WSJ Classifieds WSJ Classrooms WSJ Wine Search Asia Edition U.S. Edition   Subscribe Log In Home Magazine This Week's Edition Past Editions New: Cartoons Daily All Coverage Barron's Take Weekday Trader Up & Down Wall St. Daily Getting Technical Striking Price Daily Wall Street's Best Minds Read This, Spike That Stocks to Watch Today Asia Stocks to Watch Income Investing Tech Trader Daily Focus on Funds Emerging Markets Q&A Video Center Investing Ideas Overview Barron's Picks & Pans Mutual Funds / ETFs Hedge Funds Stocks Center Commodities Center Bonds Center Options Center Barron's Take Weekday Trader Stock Alert Inside Scoop Ahead of the Crowd Focus on Funds Stocks to Watch Today Barron's Roundtable Advisor Center Overview Top 100 Advisors Top 100 Women Advisors Top 100 Independent Advisors Top 1,200 Advisors Advisor Profiles Market Data Market Data Center Market Lab Economic Calendar Watchlist Stock Grader Stock & Fund Tables Barron's 400 PENTA Penta Magazine Penta Daily Penta Archives Barron's NEXT Investors' Soapbox AM Drug Pricing May Linger Over Biotech in 2017 Innovative therapies are likely safe, but there may be some macro concerns around pricing. Jan. 13, 2017 11:01 a.m. ET Credit Suisse Overall, we think sentiment was a bit more upbeat [at the JPMorgan Healthcare Conference] than last year. We think highlights from our coverage include the Incyte (ticker: INCY) Merck (MRK) Indoleamine 2,3-dioxygenase 1 (IDO1) trial expansion, BioMarin Pharmaceutical (BMRN) gene-therapy continues to move forward, Sarepta... Get The Full Story Subscribe   or   Log In Want to participate in the discussion? Already a subscriber? Log in for complete access. Powered by Livefyre Most Popular 1. Stocks Could Post Single-Digit Gains in 2017 Subscriber Content Read Preview 2. Our 2016 Stock Picks Beat the Market Subscriber Content Read Preview 3. Dividend-Hike Heroes Subscriber Content Read Preview 4. At Last, Hope Triumphs Subscriber Content Read Preview See Full List Latest Market Videos 1 Felix Zulauf: Geopolitical Tension Impacts Markets 2 Bill Priest: Stocks With Solid Earnings Potential 3 How to Get Free Travel With New Credit Cards Barron's Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn YouTube RSS Feed AppStore Google Play Return to Top« Customer Service Customer Center Contact Us Live Help Refer Your Friends to Barron's and Get Rewarded. Learn More Create an Account Subscribe to Barron's Magazine Subscribers: Activate Your Digital Access About Barrons.com Advertising Masthead Privacy Policy Cookie Policy Data Policy Copyright Policy Subscriber Agreement & Terms of Use Your Ad Choices Community Guidelines Also From Barron's Conferences Reprints Classifieds College Program Find a Broker Barron's in Japanese Tools & Services Mobile Site Email Newsletters Barron's on iPad/iPhone Barron's on Android Watchlist Video Annual Reports StockGrader Barron's 400 Economic Calendar Stock & Mutual Fund Listings Commodities, Options & Annuities Listings Fund Prospectuses ACAP Enabled Copyright ©2017 Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All Rights Reserved.
▮ Home ▮ Business Latest Headlines Top Stories Breaking News Earnings Biotech Investors IPOs M&A Canadian UK Key Wallstreet Events ▮ Industry News Technology Software Banking Automotive Energy More ▮ Stock Alerts Active Traders Before the Bell $5 and under Intraday Updates After the Bell ▮ Corp. Calendars Dividends Stock Splits Buybacks Conference Calls ▮ Earnings Calendars Earnings Calendar Pos Pre-announcements Profit Warnings Positive Surprise Negative Surprise Latest Earnings ▮ FDA Calendars Drug Approvals Device Approvals Clinical Trial Calendar ▮ Ratings Changes Upgrades Downgrades Cov Initiations Cov. Reiterated ▮ Economy US Europe Asia Global Economic Calendar Economic Scorecard Fed Members ▮ Markets Morning Mkt Analysis US Commentary European Commentary Asian Commentary Canadian Commentary Indian Commentary Commodities Bonds Currencies ▮ Politics US World White House Elections Congress General News ▮ Forex FX Top Stories Currency Analysis Currency Alerts Economic Calendar Economic Scorecard ▮ Health Hot Topics Diet & Fitness Kids Health Men's Health Women's Health Cancer News Drug Development Mental Health ▮ Tech Hot Topics Gadgets & Games Mobile Green Tech ▮ Entertainment Top Stories TV News Movie News Slide Shows Game of Thrones ▮ Music news Pop Rock Classic Rock Rap/Hip-Hop Country Alternative Oldies All Genre ▮ Content Licensing Newswires & Feeds Content Syndication Digital Signage Services Radio News Services ▮ Premium Emerging Biostocks Under The Radar Short-Term Investor NewsStream Login ▮ More Free Content RSS Feeds Search ▮ Blog Political Science / Nature Fundamental Analysis ▮ Columns Science & Tech Arts & Leisure Politics & Policy Money Home Business Latest Headlines Top Stories Breaking News Earnings Biotech Investors IPOs M&A Canadian UK Key Wallstreet Events Industry News Technology Software Banking Automotive Energy More Stock Alerts Active Traders Before the Bell $5 and under Intraday Updates After the Bell Corp. Calendars Dividends Stock Splits Buybacks Conference Calls Earnings Calendars Earnings Calendar Pos Pre-announcements Profit Warnings Positive Surprise Negative Surprise Latest Earnings FDA Calendars Drug Approvals Device Approvals Clinical Trial Calendar Ratings Changes Upgrades Downgrades Cov Initiations Cov. Reiterated Economy US Europe Asia Global Economic Calendar Economic Scorecard Fed Members Markets Morning Mkt Analysis US Commentary European Commentary Asian Commentary Canadian Commentary Indian Commentary Commodities Bonds Currencies Politics US World White House Elections Congress General News Forex FX Top Stories Currency Analysis Currency Alerts Economic Calendar Economic Scorecard Health Hot Topics Diet & Fitness Kids Health Men's Health Women's Health Cancer News Drug Development Mental Health Tech Hot Topics Gadgets & Games Mobile Green Tech Entertainment Top Stories TV News Movie News Slide Shows Game of Thrones Music news Pop Rock Classic Rock Rap/Hip-Hop Country Alternative Oldies All Genre Content Licensing Newswires & Feeds Content Syndication Digital Signage Services Radio News Services Premium Emerging Biostocks Under The Radar Short-Term Investor NewsStream Login More Free Content RSS Feeds Search Blog Political Science / Nature Fundamental Analysis Columns Science & Tech Arts & Leisure Politics & Policy Money Commentary   E-MAIL  SHARE FONT-SIZE    Tweet Share DAX Rebounds On US Optimism 1/13/2017 4:20 AM ET German stocks rebounded on Friday as a weaker euro lifted shares of automakers and financials also rallied ahead of a slew of U.S. bank earnings due out later in the day. Fed Chair Janet Yellen's comments on Thursday that the U.S. economy is doing well and faces no serious obstacles in the short term also supported underlying sentiment. The benchmark DAX was up 49 points or 0.42 percent at 11,569 in opening deals after tumbling 1.1 percent in the previous session. Commerzbank rallied nearly 2 percent and rival Deutsche Bank advanced 1.5 percent, while automakers BMW, Daimler and Volkswagen rose between half a percent and 2.2 percent. Merck KGaA rose 1 percent after announcing a partnership with Palantir giving the later a cut of Merck's resulting profits. Fraport edged up marginally on reporting a rise in passenger traffic in December. In economic releases, German wholesale prices increased 2.8 percent in December from prior year, marking the biggest rise since October 2012, when prices climbed 3.1 percent, official data showed. by RTT Staff Writer For comments and feedback: editorial@rttnews.com Trump Takes Power, Manufacturing In Focus -- Economic Preview For Week of January 16 Lazy, or Inefficient? These are the World's Least Productive Countries Universal Basic Income Back In Vogue Previous Story Next Story More Commentary -Global Stocks Close Mostly Higher But Dow Dips Slightly - U.S. Commentary Stocks Remain Mostly Positive In Mid-Day Trading - U.S. Commentary European Markets Rebound From Trump-Related Weakness Banking Stocks Leading The Way Higher On Wall Street - U.S. Commentary Stocks May Open Higher Following Earnings News, Data - U.S. Commentary Wall Street Set For Higher Opening Sensex, Nifty Snap Three-day Winning Streak European Shares Rise On Weaker Euro; FTSE Hits Fresh Record High FTSE 100 Extends Winning Streak As Healthcare Stocks Rebound CAC 40 Rises Led By Banks Asian Shares Mostly Lower As Trump Optimism Fades European Shares Seen Ticking Higher Ahead Of US Bank Earnings Sensex, Nifty Marginally Higher In Early Trade Asian Markets Mostly Lower Amid Cautious Trades Sensex, Nifty Seen Up On Rate Cut Hopes <<Previous        116 Articles Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. comments powered by Disqus Follow RTT Editor's Pick Most Read Most Emailed Manufacturing, Housing In Focus Amid Trump's Inauguration Lazy, Or Inefficient? The World's Least Productive Countries, Ranked Millennials Fail To Keep Up With Mom And Dad India's SpiceJet Buying Up To 205 Boeing Planes JPMorgan Chase Q4 Profit Rises; Results Top Estimates Bank Of America Q4 Profit Climbs, Beats Estimates CVS Offering Cheap Generic Alternative To EpiPen Takata To Pay $1 Bln. In Airbag Probe Teva Loses Alimta Appeal Against Eli Lilly American Airlines Uniforms Are Safe, Manufacturer Says FBI Pays Best Buy Employees For Info On Customer's Computer McDonald's Finally Testing All-Day Breakfast In Canada Woman Sues Chipolte For $2 Bln For Using Her Photographs For Promotion Bank Of America Q4 Profit Climbs, Beats Estimates EGLT Gets Long Awaited FDA Approval, PTCT Breathes Easy, GLMD On Track FDA Says No To TSRO, Ablynx On Track, MYL Leads In Herceptin Biosim Race In U.S. Gainers & Losers Of The Day: TBIO, IMMU, SGMO, BIOC, APRI Gainers & Losers Of The Day: BIOC, CUR, ONTX, EGLT, ABAX... National Express To Sell C2c Franchise To FS Italiane's Trenitalia For £70 Mln Gainers & Losers Of The Day: ACST, APRI, SBBP, NVDQ, NVCR So Long DSCI, MRK Seeks New Use For Old Drug, VRX Does It Again, PSTI On Watch UniCredit Discloses Additions To Explanatory Report Takata To Pay $1 Bln. In Airbag Probe FBI Pays Best Buy Employees For Info On Customer's Computer News Corp: India's PropTiger.com, Housing.com To Join, To Get $55 Mln Investment Saks Fifth Ave. Owner Warns On Challenging Retail Environment WSJ: Brookdale Nursing Homes A Target For Blackstone Fresenius Medical Care Says Pleased With US Court's Temporary Restraining Order Lowe's Reportedly Plans Thousands Of Job Cuts Kellogg Pringles Launches Pringles LOUD In Five Varieties - Quick Facts FDIC Sues Bank Of America - Quick Facts VCA Stock Climbs On Mars' $9.1 Bln Takeover Deal METRO Group Q1 Like-for-like Sales Flat, But Sales Edge Down Phoenix Group Achieves Its 2016 Target For Cash Generation - Quick Facts Wm Morrison Christmas Sales Up; Sees FY17 Profit Ahead Of Market View Playtech Names Andrew Smith CFO; FY Results To Be In Line With Market View Copyright © 2017 RTTNews. All rights reserved. By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Service. About Us   |   Privacy   |   Feedback   |   Sitemap
About Us Contact Us Help user name password Client login:    First time user sign up Forgot your login info? Website Directory     Submit Website Search All categoriesAdvertising  GeneralAerospace  GeneralAgriculture  GeneralAirlines  GeneralAmerica - Post 9/11  GeneralApparel  GeneralApple Products  GeneralArchitectural  GeneralArchitecture  ArchitectureArt & Entertainments  Books  Celebrities  Country Music  Dance  Magazines  Movies  Museums  Music  Music Downloads  News & Talk Shows  Performing Arts  Photography  Television  Web SitesArts/Culture  GeneralAuction  GeneralAutomotive  Aftermarket  Classic Autos  Consumer Publications  General  Motorcycle & Bike  Racing  Recreational Vehicle  Repair & Service  Trade PublicationsBlogging & Social Media  Blogging & Social MediaBusiness  Advertising / Marketing  Books  Consumer Research  Direct Marketing  e-Commerce  Entrepreneurs  Finance  Franchise  Human Resources  Insurance  Investment  Management  Markets  Network Marketing  Online Marketing / SEO  Payday Loans  Public Relations  Publications  Real Estate  Retail  Stocks  Supermarkets  Women in BusinessCareers/HR  GeneralChemical  GeneralCoaching / Mentoring  Coaching / MentoringComputers  Apple Products  Databases  Games & Entertainment  General  Hosting  Instruction  Linux / GNU "Open Source"  Macintosh  Microsoft Windows PC  Operating Systems  Programming  Security  Software  Tablet PCs  UtilitiesConstruction  GeneralConsumer  Gifts and Collectibles  Hobbies  Web sites / InternetDesign  Graphic Design  Industrial  WebE-Cigarette  GeneraleCommerce  GeneralEconomy  GeneralEducation  College / University  General  Home Schooling  K-12  Post Graduate  TechnicalElectronics  GeneralEmail Marketing  GeneralEmailWire Press Releases  Press Release TipsEmployment/Careers  GeneralEngineering  GeneralEntertainment  GeneralEnvironment  GeneralEvents / Trade Shows  GeneralFinance  GeneralFood  GeneralFranchise  GeneralFraud / Identity Theft  GeneralGaming  GeneralGovernment  General  Judicial  Law Enforcement  Legislative  Local  National  Public Services  Security  State  TransportationHealthcare  GeneralHome and Family  Banking / Personal Finance  Bereavement / Loss  Home Furnishings / Interiors  Landscaping & Gardening  Marriage / Relationships  Money  Parenting  Payday Loans  Pets  Taxes  Wedding / BridalHome Schooling  GeneralHotels/Resorts  GeneralHousehold  GeneralIndustry  Aerospace / Defense  Agriculture  Apparel / Textiles  Broadcast  Construction / Building  Electrical  Food  Funeral  Healthcare  Leisure / Hospitality  Logistics / Shipping  Manufacturing / Production  Mining / Metals  Oil / Energy  Paper / Forest Products  Plumbing, Heating & AC  Print Media  Printing  Publishing  Radio  Restaurants  Tobacco  ToyInsurance  GeneralInternet/Online  GeneralLegal  GeneralLeisure  GeneralLifestyle  Beauty  Dating / Singles  Diet / Weight Loss  Fashion  Food / Beverage  Health & Fitness  Hotel / Resorts  Pastimes  Restaurants  Retirement  Travel & TourismMachinery  GeneralMaritime  GeneralMedical  Addiction  Allergies  Alternative Medicine  Asthma  Cancer  Cardiology  Chiropractic  Dental  Dermatology  Diabetes  Emergency  Family Medicine  General  General  Geriatrics  Hospitals  Infectious Diseases  Internal Medicine  Managed Care / HMO  Medical Products  Mental Health  Neurology  Nursing  Nutrition  OB / GYN  Pediatrics  Pharmaceuticals  Physical Therapy  Plastic Surgery  Psychology  Radiology / Imaging  Research  Sports Medicine  Surgery  VisionMilitary  GeneralMining/Metals  GeneralMiscellaneous  GeneralNanotechnology  NanotechnologyNon-profit  GeneralOccupational Safety  Occupational SafetyOil/Energy  GeneralOpinion / Editorial  Opinion / EditorialPaper Products  GeneralPaper/Forest  GeneralPharmaceuticals  GeneralPodcasting  Announce  Tools and ServicesPolitics  PoliticsPrint Media  GeneralPublic Utilities  Public UtilitiesPublishing  GeneralRadio  GeneralReal Estate  GeneralReligion  Christian  General  Islam  Jewish  OtherRestaurants  GeneralRetail  GeneralRSS & Content Syndication  RSS & Content SyndicationScience and Research  Science and ResearchSelf-Help / Personal Growth  Self-Help / Personal GrowthShipbuilding  GeneralSociety  African American Interests  Asian Interests  Childrens Issues  Disabled Issues / Disabilities  Gay / Lesbian  Hispanic  Mens Interests  Native American  Senior Citizens  Social Services  Teen Issues/Interests  Womens InterestSoftware  GeneralSports  Baseball  Basketball  Bicycling  Boating / Maritime  Bowling  Boxing  Fishing  Football  Golf  Hockey  Hunting  Martial Arts  Outdoors  Rugby  Soccer  Tennis  Water  Winter/SnowSports/Fitness  GeneralStocks  GeneralSupermarkets  GeneralTechnology  Biotechnology  Computer  Electronics  Enterprise Software  Games  Graphics/Printing/CAD  Hardware / Peripherals  Industrial  Information  Internet  Multimedia  Networking  Public Sector/Government  Robotics  Semiconductor  Software  Telecommunications  WebmastersTelecom  General  WirelessTelevision  GeneralTobacco  GeneralTrade  GeneralTransportation  GeneralTravel  GeneralUtilities  GeneralVolunteer  VolunteerWeather  Weather Home > News By Company > ReportsWeb.com Tweet   Veterinary Healthcare Global Market Key Developments, Outlook, 2016 Analysis & Forecast to 2022 ReportsWeb.com published Veterinary Healthcare Global Market from its database. This report Strategic recommendations in key business segments based on the market estimations. This report Supply chain trends mapping the latest technological advancements   (EMAILWIRE.COM, January 13, 2017 ) According to Publisher, the Global Veterinary Healthcare market is accounted for $24.34 billion in 2015 and is expected to reach $40.8 billion by 2022 growing at a CAGR of 7.6% from 2015 to 2022. Factors such as food safety and improved nutrition, increase in pet ownership, increasing awareness of zoonotic diseases and increasing animal population are driving the market. However, increasing cost of animal testing, increased competition for cultivated land restrictions established by regulatory bodies will challenge the veterinary market. Feed additives held the largest share among the products segment followed by pharmaceuticals and vaccines. Europe is the leading market in veterinary healthcare followed by North America. Asia-pacific and other developing regions will be the major contributors to the market. For more information about this report: http://www.reportsweb.com/veterinary-healthcare-global-market-outlook-2016-2022 Some of the key players in global Veterinary Healthcare market are Merck & Co., Inc, MERIAL Limited, Zoetis Inc, Novartis Animal Health Inc, Bayer HealthCare, Ceva Santé Animale, Boehringer Ingelheim GmbH, Virbac SA, Elanco Products Company, Vétoquinol SA , Sanofi-Aventis, Intas Pharmaceuticals Ltd., Heska Corporation, PetAg Incorporated and Procter & Gamble Company. Animals Covered: -Farm animals -Cattle -Swine -Fish -Sheep -Poultry -Companion animals -Dogs -Cats -Horses Products Covered: -Vaccines -Feed Additives -Nutritional Feed Additives -Medicinal Feed Additives -Pharmaceuticals -Systemic Agents -Parasiticides - Antibiotics -Other Pharmaceuticals Diagnostics Covered: -Immunodiagnostics -Molecular diagnostics -Diagnostic imaging -Clinical chemistry -Other diagnostics Regions Covered: -North America -US -Canada -Mexico -Europe -Germany -France -Italy -UK -Spain -Rest of Europe -Asia Pacific -Japan -China -India -Australia -New Zealand -Rest of Asia Pacific -Rest of the World -Middle East -Brazil -Argentina -South Africa -Egypt Request Sample Copy at http://www.reportsweb.com/inquiry&RW0001390873/sample What our report offers: - Market share assessments for the regional and country level segments - Market share analysis of the top industry players - Strategic recommendations for the new entrants - Market forecasts for a minimum of 7 years of all the mentioned segments, sub segments and the regional markets - Market Trends (Drivers, Constraints, Opportunities, Threats, Challenges, Investment Opportunities, and recommendations) - Strategic recommendations in key business segments based on the market estimations - Competitive landscaping mapping the key common trends - Company profiling with detailed strategies, financials, and recent developments - Supply chain trends mapping the latest technological advancements Company Profiling 10.1 Merck & Co., Inc. 10.2 MERIAL Limited 10.3 Zoetis Inc 10.4 Novartis Animal Health Inc 10.5 Bayer HealthCare 10.6 Ceva Santé Animale 10.7 Boehringer Ingelheim GmbH 10.8 Virbac SA 10.9 Elanco Products Company 10.10 Vétoquinol SA 10.11 Sanofi-Aventis 10.12 Intas Pharmaceuticals Ltd. 10.13 Heska Corporation 10.14 PetAg Incorporated 10.15 Procter & Gamble Company Inquire before Buying at http://www.reportsweb.com/inquiry&RW0001390873/buying Contact Information: ReportsWeb.com Priya Sisodia Tel: +1-646-491-9876 Email us This is a press release. Press release distribution and press release services by EmailWire.Com: http://www.emailwire.com/us-press-release-distribution.php. 
   Search All categoriesAdvertising  GeneralAerospace  GeneralAgriculture  GeneralAirlines  GeneralAmerica - Post 9/11  GeneralApparel  GeneralApple Products  GeneralArchitectural  GeneralArchitecture  ArchitectureArt & Entertainments  Books  Celebrities  Country Music  Dance  Magazines  Movies  Museums  Music  Music Downloads  News & Talk Shows  Performing Arts  Photography  Television  Web SitesArts/Culture  GeneralAuction  GeneralAutomotive  Aftermarket  Classic Autos  Consumer Publications  General  Motorcycle & Bike  Racing  Recreational Vehicle  Repair & Service  Trade PublicationsBlogging & Social Media  Blogging & Social MediaBusiness  Advertising / Marketing  Books  Consumer Research  Direct Marketing  e-Commerce  Entrepreneurs  Finance  Franchise  Human Resources  Insurance  Investment  Management  Markets  Network Marketing  Online Marketing / SEO  Payday Loans  Public Relations  Publications  Real Estate  Retail  Stocks  Supermarkets  Women in BusinessCareers/HR  GeneralChemical  GeneralCoaching / Mentoring  Coaching / MentoringComputers  Apple Products  Databases  Games & Entertainment  General  Hosting  Instruction  Linux / GNU "Open Source"  Macintosh  Microsoft Windows PC  Operating Systems  Programming  Security  Software  Tablet PCs  UtilitiesConstruction  GeneralConsumer  Gifts and Collectibles  Hobbies  Web sites / InternetDesign  Graphic Design  Industrial  WebE-Cigarette  GeneraleCommerce  GeneralEconomy  GeneralEducation  College / University  General  Home Schooling  K-12  Post Graduate  TechnicalElectronics  GeneralEmail Marketing  GeneralEmailWire Press Releases  Press Release TipsEmployment/Careers  GeneralEngineering  GeneralEntertainment  GeneralEnvironment  GeneralEvents / Trade Shows  GeneralFinance  GeneralFood  GeneralFranchise  GeneralFraud / Identity Theft  GeneralGaming  GeneralGovernment  General  Judicial  Law Enforcement  Legislative  Local  National  Public Services  Security  State  TransportationHealthcare  GeneralHome and Family  Banking / Personal Finance  Bereavement / Loss  Home Furnishings / Interiors  Landscaping & Gardening  Marriage / Relationships  Money  Parenting  Payday Loans  Pets  Taxes  Wedding / BridalHome Schooling  GeneralHotels/Resorts  GeneralHousehold  GeneralIndustry  Aerospace / Defense  Agriculture  Apparel / Textiles  Broadcast  Construction / Building  Electrical  Food  Funeral  Healthcare  Leisure / Hospitality  Logistics / Shipping  Manufacturing / Production  Mining / Metals  Oil / Energy  Paper / Forest Products  Plumbing, Heating & AC  Print Media  Printing  Publishing  Radio  Restaurants  Tobacco  ToyInsurance  GeneralInternet/Online  GeneralLegal  GeneralLeisure  GeneralLifestyle  Beauty  Dating / Singles  Diet / Weight Loss  Fashion  Food / Beverage  Health & Fitness  Hotel / Resorts  Pastimes  Restaurants  Retirement  Travel & TourismMachinery  GeneralMaritime  GeneralMedical  Addiction  Allergies  Alternative Medicine  Asthma  Cancer  Cardiology  Chiropractic  Dental  Dermatology  Diabetes  Emergency  Family Medicine  General  General  Geriatrics  Hospitals  Infectious Diseases  Internal Medicine  Managed Care / HMO  Medical Products  Mental Health  Neurology  Nursing  Nutrition  OB / GYN  Pediatrics  Pharmaceuticals  Physical Therapy  Plastic Surgery  Psychology  Radiology / Imaging  Research  Sports Medicine  Surgery  VisionMilitary  GeneralMining/Metals  GeneralMiscellaneous  GeneralNanotechnology  NanotechnologyNon-profit  GeneralOccupational Safety  Occupational SafetyOil/Energy  GeneralOpinion / Editorial  Opinion / EditorialPaper Products  GeneralPaper/Forest  GeneralPharmaceuticals  GeneralPodcasting  Announce  Tools and ServicesPolitics  PoliticsPrint Media  GeneralPublic Utilities  Public UtilitiesPublishing  GeneralRadio  GeneralReal Estate  GeneralReligion  Christian  General  Islam  Jewish  OtherRestaurants  GeneralRetail  GeneralRSS & Content Syndication  RSS & Content SyndicationScience and Research  Science and ResearchSelf-Help / Personal Growth  Self-Help / Personal GrowthShipbuilding  GeneralSociety  African American Interests  Asian Interests  Childrens Issues  Disabled Issues / Disabilities  Gay / Lesbian  Hispanic  Mens Interests  Native American  Senior Citizens  Social Services  Teen Issues/Interests  Womens InterestSoftware  GeneralSports  Baseball  Basketball  Bicycling  Boating / Maritime  Bowling  Boxing  Fishing  Football  Golf  Hockey  Hunting  Martial Arts  Outdoors  Rugby  Soccer  Tennis  Water  Winter/SnowSports/Fitness  GeneralStocks  GeneralSupermarkets  GeneralTechnology  Biotechnology  Computer  Electronics  Enterprise Software  Games  Graphics/Printing/CAD  Hardware / Peripherals  Industrial  Information  Internet  Multimedia  Networking  Public Sector/Government  Robotics  Semiconductor  Software  Telecommunications  WebmastersTelecom  General  WirelessTelevision  GeneralTobacco  GeneralTrade  GeneralTransportation  GeneralTravel  GeneralUtilities  GeneralVolunteer  VolunteerWeather  Weather Advertising | How to contact us | Privacy Statement | EmailWire Press Releases | Partnership Opportunities EmailWire is a press release distribution service of GroupWeb Media LLC. © Copyright GroupWeb Media LLC 2017

WSJ WSJ LIVE WSJ Live on Facebook WSJ Live on Twitter MARKETWATCH MarketWatch on Facebook MarketWatch on Twitter BARRON'S <h4>Barrons on Facebook</h4><div style="border: none; padding: 2px 3px;" class="fb-like" data-href="http://www.facebook.com/barronsonline" data-send="false" data-layout="button_count" data-width="250" data-show-faces="false" data-action="recommend"></div> <h4>Barrons on Twitter</h4><a href="https://twitter.com/barronsonline" class="twitter-follow-button" data-show-count="true">Follow @barronsonline</a> DJX Product X on Facebook Product X on Twitter RT F R&C PE&VC WSJ B MORE Mansion Global WSJ Secure BigCharts Financial News Professor Journal Realtor.com Student Journal Virtual Stock Exchange WSJ Classifieds WSJ Classrooms WSJ Wine Search Asia Edition U.S. Edition   Subscribe Log In Home Magazine This Week's Edition Past Editions New: Cartoons Daily All Coverage Barron's Take Weekday Trader Up & Down Wall St. Daily Getting Technical Striking Price Daily Wall Street's Best Minds Read This, Spike That Stocks to Watch Today Asia Stocks to Watch Income Investing Tech Trader Daily Focus on Funds Emerging Markets Q&A Video Center Investing Ideas Overview Barron's Picks & Pans Mutual Funds / ETFs Hedge Funds Stocks Center Commodities Center Bonds Center Options Center Barron's Take Weekday Trader Stock Alert Inside Scoop Ahead of the Crowd Focus on Funds Stocks to Watch Today Barron's Roundtable Advisor Center Overview Top 100 Advisors Top 100 Women Advisors Top 100 Independent Advisors Top 1,200 Advisors Advisor Profiles Market Data Market Data Center Market Lab Economic Calendar Watchlist Stock Grader Stock & Fund Tables Barron's 400 PENTA Penta Magazine Penta Daily Penta Archives Barron's NEXT Trader Extra Don’t Fear the Tweeter While the initial hit might hurt, it’s just as likely to benefit intrepid investors. By Ben Levisohn Biography January 14, 2017 Donald J. Trump has made investing like a game of whack-a-mole, with stocks the rodents who may or may not get walloped. The good news: While the initial hit might hurt, it’s just as likely to benefit intrepid investors. What do I mean? We all know that Trump has expanded the so-called bully pulpit to Twitter. He has criticized individual companies for the high cost of their government-contracted products, as was the case when he blasted Boeing (BA) for the price of Air Force One. And he’s castigated others for making... Get The Full Story Subscribe   or   Log In Want to participate in the discussion? Already a subscriber? Log in for complete access. Powered by Livefyre Most Popular 1. Stocks Could Post Single-Digit Gains in 2017 Subscriber Content Read Preview 2. Our 2016 Stock Picks Beat the Market Subscriber Content Read Preview 3. Dividend-Hike Heroes Subscriber Content Read Preview 4. At Last, Hope Triumphs Subscriber Content Read Preview See Full List Latest Market Videos 1 Felix Zulauf: Geopolitical Tension Impacts Markets 2 Bill Priest: Stocks With Solid Earnings Potential 3 How to Get Free Travel With New Credit Cards Barron's Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn YouTube RSS Feed AppStore Google Play Return to Top« Customer Service Customer Center Contact Us Live Help Refer Your Friends to Barron's and Get Rewarded. Learn More Create an Account Subscribe to Barron's Magazine Subscribers: Activate Your Digital Access About Barrons.com Advertising Masthead Privacy Policy Cookie Policy Data Policy Copyright Policy Subscriber Agreement & Terms of Use Your Ad Choices Community Guidelines Also From Barron's Conferences Reprints Classifieds College Program Find a Broker Barron's in Japanese Tools & Services Mobile Site Email Newsletters Barron's on iPad/iPhone Barron's on Android Watchlist Video Annual Reports StockGrader Barron's 400 Economic Calendar Stock & Mutual Fund Listings Commodities, Options & Annuities Listings Fund Prospectuses ACAP Enabled Copyright ©2017 Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All Rights Reserved.
About Future Staff Contact Privacy Policy Search for: Select Press Releases Home / Press Releases / New Biometrics Technology Is Reshaping the Authentication Market New Biometrics Technology Is Reshaping the Authentication Market Posted on January 13, 2017 by Top News US Full Feed in Press Releases Conceptual image of a businessman holding big hammer Mercator Advisory Group research is a primer on the fundamentals of biometrics for authentication of consumers' identity. Boston, MA (PRWEB) January 13, 2017 A new research report from Mercator Advisory Group titled Biometrics: A New Wrinkle Changes the Authentication Landscape is a primer on the fundamentals of biometrics for authentication of consumers’ identity. The report explains the need for multimodal biometric authentication and describes many types of biometrics available from various technology providers. The report shows how biometrics technology has shifted from a primarily hardware-based solution to a software-and cloud-based solution enabled by smartphones that have become much more secure. With voice and face recognition, and now the addition of behavioral biometrics, this shift will drive rapid new innovation and will tip the market in favor of the mobile architecture. “Behavioral dynamics will play an increasingly important factor in establishing trust factors for the authenticating consumers’ identity across every channel and for establishing persistent identity,” said Tim Sloane, Vice President, Payments Innovation, at Mercator Advisory Group and author of report. “With the introduction of new authentication factors, new secure mobile platforms, and software- and cloud-based authentication mechanisms; it will be extremely risky for banks to make an investment decision that includes hardware and requires five-plus years to achieve a positive return on investment.” Increasingly smartphones are shipping with trusted execution environments that can displace traditional hardware security fobs. These new smartphones are critical to this fundamental shift in biometrics. Criminal theft of passwords has made passwords obsolete, and so a new factor is required for authentication. Biometrics will be that new factor. It increases security and will prove more convenient for the consumer than passwords as it transitions into a persistent identity over the next 5 to 8 years. For persistent identity, authentication no longer entails just a single challenge event such as a fingerprint scan but evolves into a passive trust value uniquely associated with an individual, as is being pursued by Google. The trust value will be constantly updated based on multiple factors including location and passive sound (voice and ambiance) as well as facial recognition and a range of behavioral inputs. With the mobile device formulating this trust factor, it is highly likely that Apple and Google will be critical partners in consumer authentication for the majority of access control scenarios, including call centers and physical access. This reliance on the smartphone will help establish the FIDO (the Fast Identity Online) Standard as the appropriate architectural approach for managing authentication credentials. Keeping the credentials in the handset eliminates the honeypots that attract criminals, increases consumer trust, and converts the authentication infrastructure into a shared resource that will greatly lower deployment costs currently associated with all authentication solutions. Highlights of the report: Given the effectiveness of cybercriminals, security will continue to be at risk until passwords are eliminated entirely. Consumers are wary of biometrics today but will come to accept it just as they did mobile banking. Apple and Google will continue to upgrade and extend the security and biometrics implemented in hardware and operating systems and, due to the broad visibility that these operating systems have into the life of the mobile device user, will have more data than all others for authenticating the individual. Authentication will move from a single challenge event, as done today with fingerprint readers, and evolve into a passive persistent identity trust value. The trust value will be based on multimodal biometrics to include geolocation, known commute and work patterns, passive voice and face recognition, and a range of behavioral inputs. As these improve in verifying authenticity, the challenge event will become relatively rare and specific only to high-risk situations. Smartphone technology is rapidly becoming more secure and broadly available in the U.S. population, which means that broad deployment of biometric hardware by financial institutions is likely to be obsolete in less than 5 years. It is probable that Apple and Google solutions will become critical hardware and software authentication suppliers for the majority of access control scenarios, including devices, call centers, cloud and application authentication needs. Biometric tags and trust decisions should be held and calculated in the device to mitigate risk associated with central storage of credentials and is critical for increased consumer trust. Centralized repositories, no matter how secure, represent a liability from the consumer’s perspective. The FIDO authentication architecture will establish an authentication framework that moves much of the hardware and software into a shared asset resident on the mobile phone, which will greatly lower the cost of deploying authentication solutions. Financial institutions should plan for the biometric world described above. This suggests utilizing the mobile device for authentication wherever possible and to avoid the collection of biometric data centrally as much as possible, as that data represents yet another target for criminals. This research report is 44 pages long and has 8 exhibits. Companies mentioned in this report include: AimBrain, Allscripts, Amazon, Apple, Arena, AstraZeneca, Balabit, Bank of America, Bank of Tokyo, Bayer, BehavioSec, BioCatch, BrowserSpy.dk, bunq, Chase, ContinUse, CO-OP Financial Services, Desert Schools Federal Credit Union, Diebold, Discover, E8 Security, Early Warning, Eli Lilly, Entrust Datacard, Etsy, Evernym, Exabeam, Facebook, FIDO Alliance, FIS, Fiserv, Fortscale, Fujitsu, GlaxoSmithKline, Google (Alphabet), Gurucul, HID Global, The Hiroshima Bank, HP, IBM, IDScan Biometrics, IEEE, LexisNexis, LG, Merck, National Westminster Bank, Nikon, NuData, Nymi, MasterCard, MicroBilt, Microsoft, Mitek, NetGuardians, PayPal, Plurilock, Qualcomm, SAFE-BioPharma, Samsung, SecureAuth, Securonix, Sovrin Foundation, Sqrrl, Telesign, Temenos, TMG, Twitter, UniCredit, USAA, US Defense Department, Veridium, Visa, VoiceVault, Wells Fargo, Yahoo, and Xiaomi. Members of Mercator Advisory Group's Emerging Technologies Advisory Service have access to this report as well as the upcoming research for the year ahead, presentations, analyst access, and other membership benefits. Please visit us online at http://www.mercatoradvisorygroup.com. For more information and media inquiries, please call Mercator Advisory Group's main line: (781) 419-1700, send email to media(at)mercatoradvisorygroup(dot)com. For free industry news, opinions, research, company information, and more visit us at http://www.PaymentsJournal.com. Follow us on Twitter @ http://twitter.com/MercatorAdvisor. About Mercator Advisory Group Mercator Advisory Group is the leading independent research and advisory services firm exclusively focused on the payments and banking industries. We deliver pragmatic and timely research and advice designed to help our clients uncover the most lucrative opportunities to maximize revenue growth and contain costs. Our clients range from the world's largest payment issuers, acquirers, processors, merchants and associations to leading technology providers and investors. Mercator Advisory Group is also the publisher of the online payments and banking news and information portal PaymentsJournal.com. For the original version on PRWeb visit: http://www.prweb.com/releases/2017/01/prweb13982432.htm Latest News Global Solar Council Releases Inaugural Quarterly Report Innovations, Historic Aviation Among Highlights of EAA AirVenture Oshkosh 2017 BOSS Accounting Outsourcing Specialists New Special Offer Rates Give Businesses Up to 71% Savings INVESTOR ALERT: Faruqi &amp; Faruqi, LLP Encourages Investors Who Suffered Losses in Excess of $100,000 Investing in TerraVia Holdings, Inc. to Contact the Firm Before Imminent Lead Plaintiff Deadline A Frogs Life TDSi Appoints New Distribution Channel Manager TM DEVELOPMENT JOINS STROKE CONTRARY TO STARVATION Certxpert.Com Offers EC-Council CEH Certification Exam at Affordable Price Go Live UK Announces the Successful Launch of the Redesigned Property Rescue Website My Design Station adds personal touch to wedding products. © 2015 SSUChronicle. All rights reserved. Top Optimization WordPress Plugins & Solutions by W3 EDGE
▮ Home ▮ Business Latest Headlines Top Stories Breaking News Earnings Biotech Investors IPOs M&A Canadian UK Key Wallstreet Events ▮ Industry News Technology Software Banking Automotive Energy More ▮ Stock Alerts Active Traders Before the Bell $5 and under Intraday Updates After the Bell ▮ Corp. Calendars Dividends Stock Splits Buybacks Conference Calls ▮ Earnings Calendars Earnings Calendar Pos Pre-announcements Profit Warnings Positive Surprise Negative Surprise Latest Earnings ▮ FDA Calendars Drug Approvals Device Approvals Clinical Trial Calendar ▮ Ratings Changes Upgrades Downgrades Cov Initiations Cov. Reiterated ▮ Economy US Europe Asia Global Economic Calendar Economic Scorecard Fed Members ▮ Markets Morning Mkt Analysis US Commentary European Commentary Asian Commentary Canadian Commentary Indian Commentary Commodities Bonds Currencies ▮ Politics US World White House Elections Congress General News ▮ Forex FX Top Stories Currency Analysis Currency Alerts Economic Calendar Economic Scorecard ▮ Health Hot Topics Diet & Fitness Kids Health Men's Health Women's Health Cancer News Drug Development Mental Health ▮ Tech Hot Topics Gadgets & Games Mobile Green Tech ▮ Entertainment Top Stories TV News Movie News Slide Shows Game of Thrones ▮ Music news Pop Rock Classic Rock Rap/Hip-Hop Country Alternative Oldies All Genre ▮ Content Licensing Newswires & Feeds Content Syndication Digital Signage Services Radio News Services ▮ Premium Emerging Biostocks Under The Radar Short-Term Investor NewsStream Login ▮ More Free Content RSS Feeds Search ▮ Blog Political Science / Nature Fundamental Analysis ▮ Columns Science & Tech Arts & Leisure Politics & Policy Money Home Business Latest Headlines Top Stories Breaking News Earnings Biotech Investors IPOs M&A Canadian UK Key Wallstreet Events Industry News Technology Software Banking Automotive Energy More Stock Alerts Active Traders Before the Bell $5 and under Intraday Updates After the Bell Corp. Calendars Dividends Stock Splits Buybacks Conference Calls Earnings Calendars Earnings Calendar Pos Pre-announcements Profit Warnings Positive Surprise Negative Surprise Latest Earnings FDA Calendars Drug Approvals Device Approvals Clinical Trial Calendar Ratings Changes Upgrades Downgrades Cov Initiations Cov. Reiterated Economy US Europe Asia Global Economic Calendar Economic Scorecard Fed Members Markets Morning Mkt Analysis US Commentary European Commentary Asian Commentary Canadian Commentary Indian Commentary Commodities Bonds Currencies Politics US World White House Elections Congress General News Forex FX Top Stories Currency Analysis Currency Alerts Economic Calendar Economic Scorecard Health Hot Topics Diet & Fitness Kids Health Men's Health Women's Health Cancer News Drug Development Mental Health Tech Hot Topics Gadgets & Games Mobile Green Tech Entertainment Top Stories TV News Movie News Slide Shows Game of Thrones Music news Pop Rock Classic Rock Rap/Hip-Hop Country Alternative Oldies All Genre Content Licensing Newswires & Feeds Content Syndication Digital Signage Services Radio News Services Premium Emerging Biostocks Under The Radar Short-Term Investor NewsStream Login More Free Content RSS Feeds Search Blog Political Science / Nature Fundamental Analysis Columns Science & Tech Arts & Leisure Politics & Policy Money   E-MAIL  SHARE FONT-SIZE    Tweet Share Financial Earnings, Data In Focus On Wall Street 1/13/2017 8:59 AM ET The major U.S. index futures are pointing to a modestly higher open on Friday, with stocks poised to extend the recovery from the pullback seen early in the previous session. The upward momentum for the markets comes as traders digest quarterly results from several financial giants as well as some closely watched economic data. Stocks showed a notable recovery attempt after coming under pressure in early trading on Thursday but still ended the session modestly lower. With the drop, the tech-heavy Nasdaq pulled back off the record closing high set on Wednesday. The major averages ended the day in negative territory but well off their lows of the session. The Dow fell 63.28 points or 0.3 percent to 19,891.00, the Nasdaq dipped 16.16 points or 0.3 percent to 5,547.49 and the S&P 500 edged down 4.88 points or 0.2 percent to 2,270.44. Profit taking contributed to the early weakness on Wall Street, with traders cashing in on some of the strength seen in the weeks following President-elect Donald Trump's surprise victory. Analysts suggested that the pullback was partly due to continued uncertainty about Trump's policies following his highly-anticipated press conference on Wednesday. The World Bank noted Trump's proposed tax cuts and spending plans could boost U.S. and global growth but said uncertainty about his trade policies adds to risks. During the press conference, Trump lashed out at the drug industry and called for new bidding procedures in order to lower prices. Stocks did not sustain the early downward, however, with the subsequent rebound possibly reflecting trader concerns about missing out on any further upside. On the U.S. economic front, the Labor Department released a report showing a modest rebound in initial jobless claims in the week ended January 7th. The report said initial jobless claims rose to 247,000, an increase of 10,000 from the previous week's revised level of 237,000. Economists had expected jobless claims to climb to 255,000. A separate Labor Department report showed a smaller than expected rebound in import prices in the month of December. Most of the major sectors climbed well off their worst levels of the day, contributing to the recovery attempt by the broader markets. Significant weakness remained visible among computer hardware stocks, however, with the NYSE Arca Computer Hardware Index falling by 1.2 percent. Financial, airline, and semiconductor stocks also ended the day notably lower, while biotechnology stocks regained some ground after falling sharply on Wednesday. Commodity, Currency Markets Crude oil futures are slipping $0.35 to $52.66 a barrel after climbing $0.76 to $53.01 a barrel on Thursday. Gold futures are currently trading at $1,198.10 an ounce, down $1.70 from the previous session's close of $1,199.80 an ounce. On Thursday, gold rose $3.20. On the currency front, the U.S. dollar is trading at 114.66 yen compared to the 114.72 yen it fetched at the close of New York trading on Thursday. Against the euro, the dollar is valued at $1.649 compared to yesterday's $1.0613. Asia Stock markets across the Asia-Pacific region turned in a mixed performance during trading on Friday, as disappointing Chinese trade data dented investor sentiment while the dollar edged up from a five-week low versus the yen. Japanese shares rebounded from a two-week low as the dollar edged up and Seven & i Holdings posted better-than-expected third-quarter results. The Nikkei 225 Index climbed 152.58 points or 0.80 percent to 19,287.28, while the broader Topix closed 0.62 percent higher at 1,544.89. Shares of Seven & i Holdings jumped 8.6 percent as the convenience store operator reported a 4 percent increase in operating profit for the nine months ended in November. Takata shares soared as much as 16 percent on reports that the beleaguered airbag maker will announce a deal with U.S. regulators to settle a criminal probe. Hong Kong's Hang Seng Index also rose 108.36 points or 0.5 percent to 22,937.38, while China's Shanghai Composite index slid 6.52 points or 0.21 percent to 3,112.76, falling for the fourth day as data showed China's exports declined at a faster-than-expected pace in December. Data from the General Administration of Customs showed that Chinese exports fell an annual 6.1 percent in December, exceeding economists' forecast for a decrease of 4.0 percent. Imports grew 3.1 percent annually in the month, just above the 3.0 percent climb expected by economists. Australian shares fell notably, dragged down by banks as the euphoria over Trump's policy plans faded and investors waited for the U.S. reporting season to kick off. The benchmark S&P/ASX 200 Index fell 45.80 points or 0.79 percent to 5,721.10, while the broader All Ordinaries Index closed 44.80 points or 0.77 percent lower at 5,776.80. The big four banks lost 1-2 percent, mining giant Rio Tinto dropped 1.2 percent and smaller rival Fortescue Metals Group declined 2.2 percent. Energy stocks also closed mostly lower despite overnight gains in oil. Bellamy's Australia plunged almost 9 percent to extend losses into a third day amid renewed calls from dissident shareholder Jan Cameron to spill its board. Among the best performers, department store owner Myer Holdings advanced 2.7 percent and coal miner Whitehaven Coal rallied 4.5 percent. Europe European stocks have rebounded on Friday as Fiat Chrysler shares have recovered from Thursday's slump. Fed Chair Janet Yellen's comments on Thursday that the U.S. economy is facing no serious obstacles in the short term also buoyed investor sentiment on a light day on the economic front. While the French CAC 40 Index has climbed by 0.9 percent, the German DAX Index and the U.K.'s FTSE 100 Index are up by 0.6 percent and 0.5 percent, respectively. Shares of Fiat Chrysler Automobiles have jumped after tumbling as much as 16 percent the previous day as the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency accused the company of using undeclared software to pass laboratory emissions tests. Mitchells & Butlers Plc shares have also soared as the British pub operator reported strong holiday sales across all brands. Merck KGaA has risen in Frankfurt after announcing a partnership with Palantir giving the later a cut of Merck's resulting profits. Meanwhile, French media & entertainment firm Technicolor has fallen sharply percent after issuing downbeat trading update for 2016. U.S. Economic Reports Retail sales in the U.S. increased by slightly less than expected in the month of December, according to a report released by the Commerce Department. The Commerce Department said retail sales climbed by 0.6 percent in December after edging up by a revised 0.2 percent in November. Economists had expected retail sales to advance by 0.7 percent compared to the 0.1 percent uptick originally reported for the previous month. Excluding auto sales, retail sales inched up by 0.2 percent in December after rising by 0.3 percent in November. Ex-auto sales had been expected to climb by 0.5 percent. A separate report from the Labor Department showed that producer price growth came in line with economist estimates in December. The Labor Department said its producer price index for final demand rose by 0.3 percent in December after climbing by 0.4 percent in November. Excluding food and energy prices, core producer prices edged up by 0.2 percent in December after rising by 0.4 percent in November. Core prices had been expected to inch up by 0.1 percent. Philadelphia Federal Reserve President Patrick Harker is due to discuss economic mobility at the Benjamin Franklin Birthday Celebration in Philadelphia at 9:30 am ET. At 10 am ET, the University of Michigan is scheduled to release its preliminary report on consumer sentiment in the month of January. The consumer sentiment index is expected to inch up to 98.6 in January after jumping to 98.2 in December. The Commerce Department is also due to release its report on business inventories in the month of November at 10 am ET. Business inventories are expected to climb by 0.6 percent. Stocks in Focus Bank of America (BAC) reported fourth quarter earnings that came in above analyst estimates, although its revenues for the quarter came in slightly below expectations. JPMorgan Chase (JPM) reported fourth quarter results that exceeded expectations on both the top and bottom lines. Wells Fargo (WFC) reported fourth quarter earnings that fell to $0.96 per share from $1.00 per share a year ago. Revenue for the quarter was nearly flat at $21.6 billion. Online music service Pandora Media (P) said it expects to exceed its previous fourth quarter revenue guidance and announced plans to reduce its workforce by about seven percent. by RTT Staff Writer For comments and feedback: editorial@rttnews.com Trump Takes Power, Manufacturing In Focus -- Economic Preview For Week of January 16 Lazy, or Inefficient? These are the World's Least Productive Countries Universal Basic Income Back In Vogue Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. comments powered by Disqus Follow RTT Editor's Pick Most Read Most Emailed Manufacturing, Housing In Focus Amid Trump's Inauguration Lazy, Or Inefficient? The World's Least Productive Countries, Ranked Millennials Fail To Keep Up With Mom And Dad India's SpiceJet Buying Up To 205 Boeing Planes JPMorgan Chase Q4 Profit Rises; Results Top Estimates Bank Of America Q4 Profit Climbs, Beats Estimates CVS Offering Cheap Generic Alternative To EpiPen Takata To Pay $1 Bln. In Airbag Probe Teva Loses Alimta Appeal Against Eli Lilly American Airlines Uniforms Are Safe, Manufacturer Says FBI Pays Best Buy Employees For Info On Customer's Computer McDonald's Finally Testing All-Day Breakfast In Canada Woman Sues Chipolte For $2 Bln For Using Her Photographs For Promotion Bank Of America Q4 Profit Climbs, Beats Estimates EGLT Gets Long Awaited FDA Approval, PTCT Breathes Easy, GLMD On Track FDA Says No To TSRO, Ablynx On Track, MYL Leads In Herceptin Biosim Race In U.S. Gainers & Losers Of The Day: TBIO, IMMU, SGMO, BIOC, APRI Gainers & Losers Of The Day: BIOC, CUR, ONTX, EGLT, ABAX... National Express To Sell C2c Franchise To FS Italiane's Trenitalia For £70 Mln Gainers & Losers Of The Day: ACST, APRI, SBBP, NVDQ, NVCR So Long DSCI, MRK Seeks New Use For Old Drug, VRX Does It Again, PSTI On Watch UniCredit Discloses Additions To Explanatory Report Takata To Pay $1 Bln. In Airbag Probe FBI Pays Best Buy Employees For Info On Customer's Computer News Corp: India's PropTiger.com, Housing.com To Join, To Get $55 Mln Investment Saks Fifth Ave. Owner Warns On Challenging Retail Environment WSJ: Brookdale Nursing Homes A Target For Blackstone Fresenius Medical Care Says Pleased With US Court's Temporary Restraining Order Lowe's Reportedly Plans Thousands Of Job Cuts Kellogg Pringles Launches Pringles LOUD In Five Varieties - Quick Facts FDIC Sues Bank Of America - Quick Facts VCA Stock Climbs On Mars' $9.1 Bln Takeover Deal METRO Group Q1 Like-for-like Sales Flat, But Sales Edge Down Phoenix Group Achieves Its 2016 Target For Cash Generation - Quick Facts Wm Morrison Christmas Sales Up; Sees FY17 Profit Ahead Of Market View Playtech Names Andrew Smith CFO; FY Results To Be In Line With Market View Copyright © 2017 RTTNews. All rights reserved. By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Service. About Us   |   Privacy   |   Feedback   |   Sitemap
Market Trend Market Trend The Big Picture Stock Market Today IBD's ETF Market Strategy Psychological Market Indicators Stock Lists Stock Lists IBD 50 IBD Big Cap 20 IPO Leaders Stocks Near A Buy Zone Sector Leaders New Highs Global Leaders Your Weekly Review Stock Spotlight Relative Strength at New High Rising Profit Estimates CAN SLIM Select Stocks On The Move Stocks that Funds are Buying Tech Leaders IBD Data Tables Research Stock Research IBD Stock Checkup IBD Charts ETFs & Funds Investing Action Plan The Income Investor ETF Center Earnings Preview Industry Snapshot IBD Industry Themes IBD Stock Analysis Short Selling Futures & Options The New America Swing Trading Bonds Premium Investing Tools Leaderboard Swing Trader eTables Top Rated Stocks Under $10 MarketSmith News NEWS eIBD Best ETFs Technology ETF Leaders Click Tech Blog Best Mutual Funds Economy Retirement Economic Calendar Personal Finance Real Estate Financial Advisor Briefing Special Reports Management Politics Politics Editorials IBD/TIPP Poll Commentary Economic Optimism Index Columnists Election 2016 Policy & Analysis IBD Videos How to Invest Lesson Topics Getting Started with IBD The CAN SLIM Investing System How to Time the Stock Market How to Find and Evaluate Stocks How to Read Stock Charts How to Buy Stocks How to Sell Stocks Swing Trading Educational Resources Investor's Corner IBD Live Workshops IBD Home Study Courses New to IBD IBD Meetups Ask IBD IBD Key Terms Webinars Leaderboard Swing Trader MarketSmith Store News Shopping Cart Your cart is currently empty. Visit the IBD Store to get started. Market Trend Market Trend The Big Picture Stock Market Today IBD's ETF Market Strategy Psychological Market Indicators Stock Lists Stock Lists IBD 50 IBD Big Cap 20 IPO Leaders Stocks Near A Buy Zone Sector Leaders New Highs Global Leaders Your Weekly Review Stock Spotlight Relative Strength at New High Rising Profit Estimates CAN SLIM Select Stocks On The Move Stocks that Funds are Buying Tech Leaders IBD Data Tables Research Stock Research IBD Stock Checkup IBD Charts ETFs & Funds Investing Action Plan The Income Investor ETF Center Earnings Preview Industry Snapshot IBD Industry Themes IBD Stock Analysis Short Selling Futures & Options The New America Swing Trading Bonds Premium Investing Tools Leaderboard Swing Trader eTables Top Rated Stocks Under $10 MarketSmith News NEWS eIBD Best ETFs Technology ETF Leaders Click Tech Blog Best Mutual Funds Economy Retirement Economic Calendar Personal Finance Real Estate Financial Advisor Briefing Special Reports Management Politics Politics Editorials IBD/TIPP Poll Commentary Economic Optimism Index Columnists Election 2016 Policy & Analysis IBD Videos How to Invest Lesson Topics Getting Started with IBD The CAN SLIM Investing System How to Time the Stock Market How to Find and Evaluate Stocks How to Read Stock Charts How to Buy Stocks How to Sell Stocks Swing Trading Educational Resources Investor's Corner IBD Live Workshops IBD Home Study Courses New to IBD IBD Meetups Ask IBD IBD Key Terms Webinars Leaderboard Swing Trader MarketSmith Store Hi MY IBD SIGN OUT My Products My Favorites My Stock Lists Edit Sign In Shopping Cart Hi SIGN OUT My Products My Favorites Edit My Stock Lists SIGN IN REGISTER Keep me signed in Signing in... Can't access my account Need to register? I am a current subscriber and need to register. I am not a current subscriber and want to register for a free membership. Next Not a member? Try 4 weeks of IBD Digital Premium and get instant access to exclusive stock lists, proprietary ratings and actionable stock analysis. Get Started Now! Current subscribers register here. Keep me signed in Signing in... Forgot your password? News Week In Review: Trump Murders Drug Stocks; Apple Breaks Out; GM Bullish President-elect Donald Trump accused drugmakers of "getting away with murder" and took aim at the costly F-35 fighter jet again at this week's press conference. (AP) IBD STAFF 1/13/2017 Reprints President-elect Donald Trump slammed the high cost of drugs and the F-35 once again, pressuring related stocks. But General Motors (GM), Amazon (AMZN), consumers and small businesses are bullish. Apple (AAPL) hit a buy point, while JPMorgan Chase (JPM) and other bank stocks reported earnings. Nasdaq Hits High As Apple Trumps Drugs Donald Trump continued to go after companies and industries and he didn't talk much about tax cuts or other stimulus, but the major averages held up well. The Nasdaq rose 1% to all-time highs. The Dow Jones industrial average fell 0.4% and the S&P 500 0.1%. Drug and biotech stocks tumbled on Trump's pledge to go after high prices. But Apple broke out of a base, joining Alphabet (GOOGL) and Netflix (NFLX). Bank stocks rose modestly Friday after JPMorgan, BofA and Wells Fargo reported earnings and Treasury yields rebounded. Trump: Drugmakers 'Getting Away With Murder' President-elect Trump doubled-down on his criticism of high drug prices, saying Wednesday that the industry is "getting away with murder." He said that "new bidding procedures" are needed, suggesting support for legislation traditionally favored by Democrats, not Republicans. Drug and biotech stocks sold off hard on the comments. Trump also returned to attacking the costly Lockheed Martin F-35 fighter jet, saying he'll save billions of dollars as he pushes more competition. Lockheed, which has said that it is reducing per-jet costs after years of overruns and delays, said that it's promised to "aggressively" reduce F-35 expenses. Lockheed's CEO met with Trump on Friday, their second such meeting since the election. Lockheed rose modestly Friday, but fell 1.3% for the week. RELATED: Trump Says Drugmakers 'Getting Away With Murder', Cites F-35, Ford, Fiat Trump Vows Fighter-Jet Competition, 'Big Things' On Lockheed F-35 JPMorgan Beats, BofA Mixed, Wells Misses Three banking giants kicked off earnings season for the sector on Friday with differing results. JPMorgan Chase beat on earnings and revenue while Bank of America (BAC) topped on earnings but fell short on revenue. Wells Fargo (WFC), still dealing with the fallout from its false accounts scandal, missed on the top and bottom line. All three rose modestly on Friday. RELATED: JPMorgan Beats, Bank Of America Q4 Results Mixed; Wells Fargo Misses Consumers, Business Optimism Soaring The IBD/TIPP Economic Optimism Index rose 0.8 point in January to 55.6, a fresh 10-year high after soaring 3.4 points in December. Americans have become much more upbeat since the presidential election, as stock markets have soared on hopes that Donald Trump will cut taxes and regulation and ramp up infrastructure spending to boost economic growth. Meanwhile, the NFIB's small business optimism index spiked in December to a 12-year best. A net 50% of small firms see business conditions improving vs. -7% in October. RELATED: Economic Optimism Hits New 10-Year High As Trump Rally Continues Trump Bump: Small Business Optimism Soars To 12-Year High General Motors, Ford Bullish On Future General Motors sees 2017 EPS of $6-$6.50 up from its 2016 target of $5.50-$6.00. Analysts have expected $6.01 for 2016, but then a decline to $5.71 this year. GM, which recently reported a surprisingly strong 10% gain in U.S. sales for December, also added $5 billion to its stock buyback program. Ford, meanwhile, added $200 million — or 5 cents a share — to its regular quarterly dividend. Ford sees earnings falling this year amid heavy investments, but "improved profitability" in 2018. GM shares rose 3.75% for the week, hitting their best levels in nearly two years. Ford fell 1%. Fiat Chrysler Slammed On Diesel Emissions The EPA accused Fiat Chrysler (FCAU) of cheating diesel emissions standards in some 104,000 recent trucks and SUVs. Fiat Chrysler denied any wrongdoing, but shares fell 10% Thursday after hitting a record high earlier that day. Earlier in the week, Volkswagen (VLKAY) pleaded guilty in relation to its diesel emissions testing, agreeing to pay a $4.3 billion fine. Prosecutors charged 5 VW officials living in Germany. Tesla Motors (TSLA) hired two Apple execs, one of whom will head up the automaker's Autopilot software efforts. CEO Elon Musk once mocked Apple, which has its own unconfirmed "Project Titan" electric car initiative, as a "Tesla graveyard." Tesla also sketched out how it will charge fees for using its Supercharger fees, but only for drivers who order after Jan. 15. Tesla shares rose 3.8% to seven-month highs. RELATED: General Motors Soars On Bullish Earnings Forecast; Ford Looks To 2018 Walgreens-Rite Aid Approval Soon The Federal Trade Commission is expected to approve the drugstore merger between Walgreens Boots Alliance (WBA) and Rite Aid (RAD) before the Obama administration ends on Jan. 20, the New York Post reported, citing sources. Walgreens announced the $9-a-share deal back in October 2015. Shares of Walgreens rose 0.9% while Rite Aid climbed 3.1% to 8.66. Smaller rival Fred's (FRED), which is buying 865 Rite Aid stores as part of the effort to ease antitrust concerns, fell 8.6%. RELATED: Walgreens-Rite Aid Merger OK Seen Before Trump Takes Office Amazon Will Add 100,000 U.S. Jobs Fresh off another strong holiday season for the e-commerce giant, Amazon said it would expand its "full-time, full-benefit" U.S.-based workforce to 280,000 by mid-2018, from 180,000 last year. Amazon's workforce was 30,000 in 2011. Amazon is adding positions "from engineers and software developers to those seeking entry-level positions and on-the-job training." Amazon's gain is likely to come at the expense of traditional brick-and-mortar retailers and other rivals. Amazon rose 2.7% for the week, closing in on all-time highs. RELATED: Amazon Plants A 'We're Hiring' Sign To Reach 100,000 New Jobs Holidays Weren't Just For Amazon The holidays were rough on retailers not named Amazon.com (AMZN), as online shopping and subdued store traffic hung heavy. But it wasn't all bad: Morgan Stanley analysts called Lululemon (LULU), which lifted the low end of guidance, a holiday "standout" following its appearance of the annual ICR conference. Francesca's (FRAN) and Genesco (GCO) now expect results toward the upper end of previously announced guidance, and Ollie's Bargain Outlets (OLLI) raised its outlook. Wells Fargo analysts like Lululemon and off-price retailers such as TJX Cos. (TJX), but said the said the retail sector is generally almost "uninvestable." Retail sales rose 0.6% in December, slightly below views, and just 0.2% excluding autos. Nonstore sales, including Amazon, led the way while department stores struggled. Oil Prices Swing On U.S. Gains, OPEC Cuts Oil prices fell hard early in the week, then bounced back somewhat as traders try to balance current and future U.S. production gains against OPEC output curbs. But crude futures closed down 3% to $52.37 a barrel, their biggest drop since early November. North American oil companies' spending on exploration and production will rise 27% this year after falling the prior two years, but higher oilfield service costs will account for some of the increase, according to Barclays analysts. Hess Corp. (HES) and Parsley Energy (PE) said they would boost spending this year. The EIA said U.S. crude stockpiles increased by 4.1 million barrels, well above the 1.2 million-barrel increase analysts expected. U.S. production rose 1.9% to 8.95 million barrels per day, the biggest increase in 20 months, with total production level hitting an eight-month high. Russia and Kazakhstan are cutting back output and Saudi Arabia has reduced deliveries to Asia as part of the OPEC deal, but Iraq is reportedly trying to boost exports even further. RELATED:  U.S. Oil Companies To Unleash Spending But Costs Will Rise Too Oil Prices Near $50 Floor As Iraqi Exports Raise OPEC Deal Doubts U.S. Crude Stockpiles, Production Soar, But Prices Rise As OPEC Cuts OPEC, China Lift Oil Prices But U.S. Producers Ready To Pounce Delta Likes Trump, Sees Higher Revenue, Costs Delta forecast flat to 2% unit revenue growth for the first quarter, after cheap fuel and heightened competition sank the metric for two years. The company said margin pressure from higher fuel and labor costs "is likely to peak" in Q1, but that margins should begin expanding by the second half of the year. Delta also said that Donald Trump's victory has already boosted demand and hopes a Trump administration will bring opportunities for tax and regulatory reform, infrastructure improvement, and greater consideration of its case against Middle East rivals. The big U.S. airlines say those carriers have expanded in the U.S. on their governments' dime, an accusation those carriers have denied. Meanwhile, American Airlines (AAL), United Airlines (UAL) and Southwest (LUV) also lifted their Q1 unit-revenue forecasts. RELATED: Delta Air Lines Sees Market Share Pressure Over Atlantic Applied Opto Soars On Earnings; Acacia Cautious On China Shares in Applied Optoelectronics (AAOI) soared 31% on Thursday to a record high after the maker of optical communications devices preannounced Q4 results with both revenues and EPS exceeding expectations.  Internet firms are upgrading data centers to 100 gigabit-per-second technology. Analysts said Applied Optoelectronics has been boosted by demand from Amazon, Microsoft (MSFT) and Facebook (FB). Demand from China has also been driving revenue growth for fiber-optic component makers, but there's been speculation demand has softened. Oclaro stock rose after it said business in China has been strong as normal at a Needham & Co. conference while shares in Acacia Communications (ACIA) fell on more cautious comments. RELATED: Applied Optoelectronics Booms On Facebook, Amazon Data Center Builds Merck Is A Star At JPM Healthcare Conference At the 35th annual JPMorgan Healthcare Conference, Merck (MRK) immunotherapy drug Keytruda was accepted for priority review in combination with chemotherapy to treat lung cancer. Celgene raised its 2017 earnings guidance. Ariad Pharmaceuticals (ARIA) takeout by Japanese Takeda Pharmaceuticals for $24 per share. and Medicines Co. (MDCO) announced strong interim data on an LDL buster different enough to avoid a patent battle with No. 1 biotech Amgen (AMGN). But Trump's harsh rhetoric vs. the drug industry and prices chilled optimism. Chipotle Trending, Jack In The Box Customers 'Forgiving' Chipotle Mexican Grill (CMG) forecast fourth-quarter EPS and revenue below Wall Street expectations. However, improvements in same-store sales trends helped lift shares during the week. Jack in the Box (JACK) said at the 2017 ICR Conference that its late-night delivery customers, which in San Francisco can have the burger chain's food delivered through a partnership with DoorDash, were more "forgiving" on food quality. Burgers and fries tend not to hold up as well in takeout containers as tacos — Jack's best-selling item — and pizza. Other restaurants are assessing how takeout services from GrubHub (GRUB), DoorDash, Uber Eats and others fit into their business. Gaming-and-sports bar chain Dave & Buster's (PLAY) said it provided an experience that "can't be duplicated at home," while Domino's Pizza (DPZ) touted its digital ordering platform and international growth potential. RELATED: Chipotle Warns, But Stock Jumps On Same-Store Sales Trend Jack In The Box Finds A 'Forgiving' Late-Night-Delivery Customer Tawian Semiconductor Guidance Disappoints Chip foundry Taiwan Semiconductor Manufacturing Co. (TSM) earned 61 cents per American depositary receipt, up 42% year over year, on sales of nearly $8.25 billion, up 32%. Analysts expected 59 cents and $8.16 billion for TSMC's Q4. But for the current Q1, TSMC sees revenue of $7.44 billion at the midpoint of its guidance. It did not give an earnings target. Wall Street has been modeling TSMC to earn 51 cents per ADR, up 34% year over year, on sales of $7.67 billion, up 25%, in the March quarter. CFO Lora Ho sees weaker demand in Q1 in part due to "above seasonal supply chain inventory at the end of 2016." RELATED: Taiwan Semiconductor Dips On Cautious Q1 Guidance Share this: Related news Apple, Google, Netflix Are In Buy Range; Amazon, Facebook Near Breakouts 11:11 AM ET It's been a FANG-tastic start to the new year, with Netflix, Alphabet and Apple breaking out, and Amazon and Facebook... 11:11 AM ET It's been a FANG-tastic start to the new year, with... Trump Trade: What He Can Do Legally Vs. Nafta, China, Mexico IPhone 8 Could Be Last Hurrah For Apple Smartphone Growth Which Sectors Have Gotten The Trump Bump Or Dump So Far This Year? Cotiviti Aims At Health-Care Waste, Finds Target-Rich Environment Apple Is Moving Into A Spaceship HQ, But Needs Hit Products To Blast Off Wal-Mart Reorganizing E-Commerce Unit As Amazon Pressure Fierce Pandora Plus Is Growing, But Takeover Seen As Less Likely Obama's EPA Cuts Off Trump, Locks In Auto Mileage Standards Early Today's Spotlight A Look Ahead to 2017 with IBD Before we look at what's ahead in 2017, here are some of IBD's key events and enhancements in 2016. Join IBD at The Orlando MoneyShow Learn about trading fundamentals, top-performing growth stocks and more! Try SwingTrader Free – New App! Download our new App! Get instant push notifications on buy points, sell signals, and more! More News Netflix Leads 5 Hot Techs To Watch As Nasdaq Closes At New High Annuities should be viewed as contracts guaranteeing a sum of money paid each year, rather than as investments. (Alexander Supertramp/Shutterstock.com) Annuities: Love Them Or Hate Them, At Least They're Not Risky Can you build this fast? Promoted Content By Butler Manufacturing Special Report IPO Stock News And Analysis: Find Today's Top New Issues Get the latest news on recent and upcoming IPOs, filings for new issues, and today’s top-performing IPO stocks. TRADING CENTER INVESTING RESOURCES SUBSCRIBE TO THE IBD DIGITAL EDITION Get 4 free weeks of the IBD Digital edition plus access to IBD's exclusive market analysis, proprietary stock ratings and interactive tools. WATCH, LEARN AND LISTEN WITH IBD VIDEOS Stay on top of the market with IBD's exclusive videos. You will find the latest news, market analysis, and education to help you become a more successful investor. GETTING STARTED WITH IBD Get the most out of IBD's products and features by learning the CAN SLIM Investing System and staying in sync with the market trend. IBD Stock Charts IBD Stock Checkup Stock Quotes CAN SLIM Advisors MarketSmith How to Buy Stocks How to Read Stock Charts When to Sell Stocks IBD Retail Locations Ad Choices About Us Contact Us Advertising Terms & Privacy Policy Site Map IBD Stock Charts IBD Stock Checkup Stock Quotes CAN SLIM Advisors MarketSmith How to Buy Stocks How to Read Stock Charts When to Sell Stocks IBD Retail Locations Ad Choices Stock Market Today The Big Picture Economic Calendar Investing Workshops New to IBD Economy Technology Politics Editorials Co-Browse Notice: Information contained herein is not and should not be construed as an offer, solicitation, or recommendation to buy or sell securities. The information has been obtained from sources we believe to be reliable; however no guarantee is made or implied with respect to its accuracy, timeliness, or completeness. Authors may own the stocks they discuss. The information and content are subject to change without notice. *Real-time prices by Bats®. Volume delayed. Real-time quote and/or trade prices are not sourced from all markets. © 2000-2017 Investor's Business Daily, Inc. All rights reserved
Hot Topics: ETFs | Smart Portfolio | Currencies | Online Broker Center   Our Businesses Tech Differentiate With Technology Trade Trade Multiple Asset Classes Track Track the Markets Intel Leverage Actionable Intelligence List Access Capital Listing Center Discover Discover Nasdaq Nasdaq Blog 2016 CNBC Disruptor 50 Learn more about the CNBC Disruptor 50 Quotes Quotes Quotes & Research Flash Quotes InfoQuotes Summary Quotes Real-time Quotes Extended Trading Options Trading Center Historical Quotes Charts Basic Charts Interactive Charts Companies Company News Press Releases Market Stream Company List Nasdaq Companies Stock Analysis Analyst Research Guru Analysis Stock Reports Competitors Fundamentals Financials Revenue/EPS SEC Filings Short Interest Dividend History Holdings Ownership Summary Institutional Holdings Insiders Form 4 Markets Extended Hours Pre-Market Activity After Hours Activity Stocks Most Active Unusual Volume 52 Week High/Low Upcoming Splits New SEC Filings IPO Summary Earnings Calendar Dividend Stocks Sector Analysis Commodities Gold Oil Analyst Activity Upgrades/Downgrades Forecast Changes Earning Surprises Indices Major Stock Indices Market Sector Indices Statistical Milestones Global Markets News Company News Market Headlines Market Stream Economic Calendar Business Video Technology News Featured Article 5 Ways To Position For 2017's Biggest Tech Trends Investors are putting their money on these trends Investing How to Invest Investing Basics Broker Comparison Glossary Stocks Mutual Funds Investing Tools Stock Screener Guru Screener   Financial Advisor Center Advanced Investing ETFs Forex Forex Broker Comparison Wealth Management Options Bonds Personal Finance Retirement Real Estate Banking Insurance Saving Money Taxes Investments Small Business Featured Article 13 Ways to Increase Your 401k Get a step up on your retirement savings My Nasdaq Stock Ratings My Ratings Smart Portfolio Overview My Holdings My Portfolio Analysis Crowd Insights My Performance Customize Your Experience Join the NASDAQ Community today and get free, instant access to portfolios, stock ratings, real-time alerts, and more! Join Today Already a member? Login Search European Shares Rise On Weaker Euro; FTSE Hits Fresh Record High January 13, 2017, 05:39:00 AM EDT By RTT News Shutterstock photo (RTTNews.com) - European stocks rebounded on Friday as Fiat Chrysler shares recovered from Thursday's slump and banks rallied ahead of earnings releases from three of the major U.S. banks due later in the day. Fed Chair Janet Yellen's comments on Thursday that the U.S. economy is facing no serious obstacles in the short term also buoyed investor sentiment on a light day on the economic front. The pan-European Stoxx Europe 600 index was up 0.47 percent at 364.23 in late opening deals after declining 0.7 percent on Thursday to snap a two-day winning streak. The German DAX was moving up half a percent and France's CAC 40 index was gaining 0.6 percent. Shares of Fiat Chrysler Automobiles jumped 4 percent after tumbling as much as 16 percent the previous day as the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency accused the company of using undeclared software to pass laboratory emissions tests. Daimler, Volkswagen, BMW, Renault and Peugeot climbed 1-2 percent on a weaker euro. Banks also traded broadly higher, with Commerzbank, Deutsche Bank, BNP Paribas and Credit Agricole rising 1-2 percent. French media & entertainment firm Technicolor slumped 19 percent after issuing downbeat trading update for 2016. Drug makers AstraZeneca, Shire and Hikma Pharma rose over 1 percent each in London. Merck KGaA rose 1 percent in Frankfurt after announcing a partnership with Palantir giving the later a cut of Merck's resulting profits. Mitchells & Butlers Plc shares soared 5 percent as the British pub operator reported strong festive period sales across all brands. Grafton Group rallied 7 percent. In a trading update, the building materials and DIY group said its group revenue for the year to the end of December rose by 13 percent on a reported basis and by 10 percent in constant currencies. ITV shares rose over 2 percent after Goldman Sachs upgraded its outlook for the media sector to "attractive" from "neutral". Specialist building products distributor SIG soared 10 percent on reporting a 1.2 percent rise in group sales for the year to the end of December. Gold miner Fresnillo dropped 1.8 percent as gold prices fell from a seven-week high on dollar's strength. For comments and feedback: contact editorial@rttnews.com http://www.rttnews.com This article appears in: News Headlines Referenced Symbols: AZN , BMW , BNP , CRARY , CRZBY More from RTT News Subscribe European Shares Rise On Weaker Euro; FTSE Hits Fresh Record High FTSE 100 Extends Winning Streak As Healthcare Stocks Rebound AEZS Disappoints, EVOK Gets New Lease Of Life, GNMX Calls For Attention Related stocks Articles Subscribe How a Roth IRA Can Help You Make the Most of Social Security 1/15/2017 08:02 PM 1 Company Pioneering the AI Revolution 1/15/2017 06:21 PM Simple Ways to Maximize Your Social Security Benefits 1/15/2017 06:08 PM See headlines for AZN Follow on: Featured Brokers Compare Online Brokers Most Popular Highest Rated Argentina sparks trade war by nationalizing YPF Eurozone risk grows as Spanish yields top 6 percent End of the euro as we know it End of a nuclear era in Japan helps push oil prices higher Mad Men 2.0: Advertising in the Digital Age Medical Marijuna, Inc. Investment AXIM(R) Biotech Receives Positive... Medical Marijuana, Inc. Subsidiary Kannaway® Announces Exclusive Red... TherapeuticsMD Announces Publication of Two Manuscripts on the... Rosenbaum Jay D. Buys Comcast Corp, Lowe's Companies Inc, The... The Pros and Cons Of Currency ETFs View All Highest Rated Stocks Referenced AZN 60% Rate It NASDAQ.com Company News/ Annual Report/ Contact/ Careers/ Advertise on Nasdaq.com|  Mobile Version Terms of Use/ Privacy Policy/ Sitemap/ Glossary/ General Feedback/ CLOSEX Edit Favorites Enter up to 25 symbols separated by commas or spaces in the text box below. These symbols will be available during your session for use on applicable pages. Update Clear List CLOSEX Customize your NASDAQ.com experience Background Color Selector Select the background color of your choice:  Black  Slate Gray  Light Gray  Gray Blue Quote Search Select a default target page for your quote search:  Real-Time  After Hours  Pre-Market  News  Flash Quote  Summary Quote  Interactive Charts  Default Setting Please note that once you make your selection, it will apply to all future visits to NASDAQ.com. If, at any time, you are interested in reverting to our default settings, please select Default Setting above. If you have any questions or encounter any issues in changing your default settings, please email isfeedback@nasdaq.com. CLOSEX Please confirm your selection: You have selected to change your default setting for the Quote Search. This will now be your default target page; unless you change your configuration again, or you delete your cookies. Are you sure you want to change your settings? YES NO CLOSEX We have a favor to ask Please disable your ad blocker (or update your settings to ensure that javascript and cookies are enabled), so that we can continue to provide you with the first-rate market news and data you've come to expect from us. CLOSEX
Xconomy Xperience EXOME National Regions Channels Events Top Entrepreneurs’ Advice → EXOME all the information, none of the junk | biotech • healthcare • life sciences Want EXOME sent to you daily? Meet the Contributors → Manufacturing Issues Stall Tesaro Cancer Nausea Drug at FDA Frank Vinluan January 12th, 2017 @frankvinluan @xconomy Like Us Xconomy Boston —  Manufacturing problems have held back several drugs from FDA approval, and the latest example is a Tesaro drug developed to ease nausea and vomiting in cancer patients. Tesaro (NASDAQ: TSRO) said Thursday that the FDA raised no concerns about the safety or efficacy of its drug, rolapitant, nor did the regulator ask the Waltham, MA-based company to do more clinical studies for the intravenous drug. But the FDA is asking the company to provide more information about how the rolapitant produced at one third-party manufacturing site compares to the product produced at another third-party site. Tesaro says it is working to provide that information to the regulator. Investors took the news in stride and Tesaro shares were trading at $147.01 this morning, up 0.76 percent from Wednesday’s closing price. Rolapitant was developed to treat chemotherapy-induced nausea and vomiting. While nausea is a problem experienced by many cancer patients who receive chemotherapy, Tesaro has plenty of company in trying to address this market. Merck’s (NYSE: MRK) aprepitant (Emend) is one of several drugs that treat the condition. The FDA approved Tesaro’s pill version of rolapitant (Varubi) in 2015. Tesaro said the FDA did not raise any concerns about the active pharmaceutical ingredient in the IV formulation, which is the same ingredient used in the rolapitant pill. Tesaro says it has identified “potential deficiencies” at the original contract manufacturer for its IV drug and it has lined up a second drug supplier. Information from this second supplier was included in the company’s application for FDA approval. Tesaro now says it expects that the FDA could issue an approval decision on its drug sometime in the first half of this year. A number of drug developers have made it through clinical trials only to fall short of FDA approval due to issues with the production of the drug. In 2014, Pozen, the former Chapel Hill, NC-based drug developer, cited manufacturing problems as the FDA’s reason for pushing back an approval decision on its aspirin combination drug for cardiovascular disease. Last October, Regeneron and partner Sanofi (NYSE: SNY) said that manufacturing issues delayed FDA approval on its experimental immune-disease treatment, sarilumab. Photo by Flickr user Joel Kramer via a Creative Commons license. Frank Vinluan is editor of Xconomy Raleigh-Durham, based in Research Triangle Park. You can reach him at fvinluan [at] xconomy.com Follow @frankvinluan Share on Facebook Share on Twitter LinkedIn Email Reprints More from EXOME Tesaro Climbs on Phase 3 Data for Nausea Drug Tesaro Stock Sale Hauls in $409M on Heels of Strong Cancer Data Heron Gains FDA Support For Nausea Drug After A Year Under Review Trending on Xconomy Cord Cutting: How to Get High-Speed Internet Service Without Cable Notes From The JPM ’17 Vortex: Trump, Rainstorms & The Price You Pay Xerox’s PARC Gets A New CEO: Tolga Kurtoglu Underwriters and Partners From Our Advertisers The 8 biggest challenges facing clinical trials today Explore the survey report of leading clinical professionals KNect365 Life Sciences The Fractured State of Sales Enablement & Training OnDemand Webinar Allego The Feed Tweets from https://twitter.com/Xconomy/lists/lifesci Home Privacy/DMCA Security Disclosures About Contact Us Archives Advertise Subscribe for Free Business, life sciences, and technology news — covering Boston, Seattle, San Diego, Detroit/Ann Arbor, San Francisco, New York, Raleigh-Durham, Boulder/Denver, Texas, Wisconsin, Indiana, and beyond. © 2007-2017, Xconomy, Inc. Xconomy is a registered service mark of Xconomy, Inc. All rights reserved. Website development support from Andrew Koyfman with design support from Rob Hunter.
▮ Home ▮ Business Latest Headlines Top Stories Breaking News Earnings Biotech Investors IPOs M&A Canadian UK Key Wallstreet Events ▮ Industry News Technology Software Banking Automotive Energy More ▮ Stock Alerts Active Traders Before the Bell $5 and under Intraday Updates After the Bell ▮ Corp. Calendars Dividends Stock Splits Buybacks Conference Calls ▮ Earnings Calendars Earnings Calendar Pos Pre-announcements Profit Warnings Positive Surprise Negative Surprise Latest Earnings ▮ FDA Calendars Drug Approvals Device Approvals Clinical Trial Calendar ▮ Ratings Changes Upgrades Downgrades Cov Initiations Cov. Reiterated ▮ Economy US Europe Asia Global Economic Calendar Economic Scorecard Fed Members ▮ Markets Morning Mkt Analysis US Commentary European Commentary Asian Commentary Canadian Commentary Indian Commentary Commodities Bonds Currencies ▮ Politics US World White House Elections Congress General News ▮ Forex FX Top Stories Currency Analysis Currency Alerts Economic Calendar Economic Scorecard ▮ Health Hot Topics Diet & Fitness Kids Health Men's Health Women's Health Cancer News Drug Development Mental Health ▮ Tech Hot Topics Gadgets & Games Mobile Green Tech ▮ Entertainment Top Stories TV News Movie News Slide Shows Game of Thrones ▮ Music news Pop Rock Classic Rock Rap/Hip-Hop Country Alternative Oldies All Genre ▮ Content Licensing Newswires & Feeds Content Syndication Digital Signage Services Radio News Services ▮ Premium Emerging Biostocks Under The Radar Short-Term Investor NewsStream Login ▮ More Free Content RSS Feeds Search ▮ Blog Political Science / Nature Fundamental Analysis ▮ Columns Science & Tech Arts & Leisure Politics & Policy Money Home Business Latest Headlines Top Stories Breaking News Earnings Biotech Investors IPOs M&A Canadian UK Key Wallstreet Events Industry News Technology Software Banking Automotive Energy More Stock Alerts Active Traders Before the Bell $5 and under Intraday Updates After the Bell Corp. Calendars Dividends Stock Splits Buybacks Conference Calls Earnings Calendars Earnings Calendar Pos Pre-announcements Profit Warnings Positive Surprise Negative Surprise Latest Earnings FDA Calendars Drug Approvals Device Approvals Clinical Trial Calendar Ratings Changes Upgrades Downgrades Cov Initiations Cov. Reiterated Economy US Europe Asia Global Economic Calendar Economic Scorecard Fed Members Markets Morning Mkt Analysis US Commentary European Commentary Asian Commentary Canadian Commentary Indian Commentary Commodities Bonds Currencies Politics US World White House Elections Congress General News Forex FX Top Stories Currency Analysis Currency Alerts Economic Calendar Economic Scorecard Health Hot Topics Diet & Fitness Kids Health Men's Health Women's Health Cancer News Drug Development Mental Health Tech Hot Topics Gadgets & Games Mobile Green Tech Entertainment Top Stories TV News Movie News Slide Shows Game of Thrones Music news Pop Rock Classic Rock Rap/Hip-Hop Country Alternative Oldies All Genre Content Licensing Newswires & Feeds Content Syndication Digital Signage Services Radio News Services Premium Emerging Biostocks Under The Radar Short-Term Investor NewsStream Login More Free Content RSS Feeds Search Blog Political Science / Nature Fundamental Analysis Columns Science & Tech Arts & Leisure Politics & Policy Money European Market Updates   E-MAIL  SHARE FONT-SIZE    Tweet Share European Shares Rise On Weaker Euro; FTSE Hits Fresh Record High 1/13/2017 5:39 AM ET European stocks rebounded on Friday as Fiat Chrysler shares recovered from Thursday's slump and banks rallied ahead of earnings releases from three of the major U.S. banks due later in the day. Fed Chair Janet Yellen's comments on Thursday that the U.S. economy is facing no serious obstacles in the short term also buoyed investor sentiment on a light day on the economic front. The pan-European Stoxx Europe 600 index was up 0.47 percent at 364.23 in late opening deals after declining 0.7 percent on Thursday to snap a two-day winning streak. The German DAX was moving up half a percent and France's CAC 40 index was gaining 0.6 percent. The U.K.'s FTSE 100 was up 23 points or 0.32 percent at 7,315 in late opening deals, on track for its record 14th straight session of gains and its sixth straight weekly advance. Shares of Fiat Chrysler Automobiles jumped 4 percent after tumbling as much as 16 percent the previous day as the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency accused the company of using undeclared software to pass laboratory emissions tests. Daimler, Volkswagen, BMW, Renault and Peugeot climbed 1-2 percent on a weaker euro. Banks also traded broadly higher, with Commerzbank, Deutsche Bank, BNP Paribas and Credit Agricole rising 1-2 percent. French media & entertainment firm Technicolor slumped 19 percent after issuing downbeat trading update for 2016. Drug makers AstraZeneca, Shire and Hikma Pharma rose over 1 percent each in London. Merck KGaA rose 1 percent in Frankfurt after announcing a partnership with Palantir giving the later a cut of Merck's resulting profits. Mitchells & Butlers Plc shares soared 5 percent as the British pub operator reported strong festive period sales across all brands. Grafton Group rallied 7 percent. In a trading update, the building materials and DIY group said its group revenue for the year to the end of December rose by 13 percent on a reported basis and by 10 percent in constant currencies. ITV shares rose over 2 percent after Goldman Sachs upgraded its outlook for the media sector to "attractive" from "neutral". Specialist building products distributor SIG soared 10 percent on reporting a 1.2 percent rise in group sales for the year to the end of December. Gold miner Fresnillo dropped 1.8 percent as gold prices fell from a seven-week high on dollar's strength. by RTT Staff Writer For comments and feedback: editorial@rttnews.com Market Analysis Trump Takes Power, Manufacturing In Focus -- Economic Preview For Week of January 16 Lazy, or Inefficient? These are the World's Least Productive Countries Universal Basic Income Back In Vogue Previous Story Next Story European Market news European Markets Rebound From Trump-Related Weakness FTSE 100 Extends Winning Streak As Healthcare Stocks Rebound CAC 40 Rises Led By Banks DAX Rebounds On US Optimism European Shares Seen Ticking Higher Ahead Of US Bank Earnings European Markets Weaken In Reaction To Trump Statements European Shares Slide As Trump Offers Little Clarity FTSE 100 Snaps Winning Run As Pound Rises CAC 40 Retreats After Trump Remarks DAX Edges Lower On US Policy Uncertainty European Shares Poised For Subdued Start As Trump Speech Disappoints European Markets Finish Higher Despite Slow Start European Shares Rebound From Early Losses FTSE 100 Nudges Higher After Weak Start CAC 40 Retreats Ahead Of Trump Conference <<Previous        26 Articles Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. comments powered by Disqus Follow RTT Editor's Pick Most Read Most Emailed Manufacturing, Housing In Focus Amid Trump's Inauguration Stocks Close Mostly Higher But Dow Dips Slightly - U.S. Commentary House Approves Resolution Setting Up Repeal Of Obamacare GOP Congressman Threatens To Subpoena Ethics Watchdog Critical Of Trump Lazy, Or Inefficient? The World's Least Productive Countries, Ranked Millennials Fail To Keep Up With Mom And Dad U.S. Consumer Sentiment Unexpectedly Edges Lower In January India's SpiceJet Buying Up To 205 Boeing Planes U.S. Producer Prices Rise 0.3% In December, Matching Estimates U.S. Retail Sales Growth Falls Just Short Of Estimates In December JPMorgan Chase Q4 Profit Rises; Results Top Estimates Trump Vows Full Report On Hacking Within 90 Days Wall Street Set For Higher Opening Wall Street On Slippery Grounds Wall Street Set To Open Higher Pending Trump's Speech Wall Street Eyes Greener Pastures European Shares Seen Ticking Higher Ahead Of US Bank Earnings Hong Kong Market May Snap Winning Streak Indonesia Shares May Extend Losing Streak Stocks May Give Back Ground In Early Trading - U.S. Commentary Stocks Close Higher Following Trump-Inspired Volatility - U.S. Commentary Stocks Close Modestly Lower But Well Off Worst Levels - U.S. Commentary Asian Shares Mostly Lower As Trump Optimism Fades European Shares Extend Slide; FTSE 100 Bucks Trend European Shares Seen Lower As Dollar Loses Further Ground Asian Shares Mixed As Oil Steadies DAX Holds Steady In Lackluster Trade; Banks Drag CAC 40 Gives Up Early Gains As Banks Retreat FTSE 100 Extends Winning Run As Pound Weakens European Shares Extend Slide; FTSE 100 Bucks Trend Sensex Rises 173 Points Despite Muted Global Cues; Nifty Nears 8300 Wall Street Eyes Greener Pastures Bay Street May Steady Along With Oil Prices -- Canadian Commentary Stocks May Continue To Experience Choppy Trading - U.S. Commentary Choppy Trading May Persist On Wall Street Stocks Move Modestly Higher In Morning Trading - U.S. Commentary Copyright © 2017 RTTNews. All rights reserved. By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Service. About Us   |   Privacy   |   Feedback   |   Sitemap
Multimedia Today's Paper Topics ePaper WealthCheck SEARCH Follow Home News Markets Companies Money & Banking Economy Info-tech Opinion Specials Portfolio Catalyst BLink Stocks Forex Commodities Gold & Silver Today's Pick Portfolio Tracker Wall Street falls before earnings and on US policy uncertainty Reuters comments   ·   print   ·   T+  ·   T- Tweet New York, Jan 12:   The three major US stock indexes closed lower on Thursday as investors waited for fourth-quarter corporate earnings and details of US President-elect Donald Trump’s economic policy eight days ahead of his inauguration. While stocks pared losses as the session wore on, all but four of the S&P 500’s 11 sectors ended lower, with financials leading the decline a day ahead of the first major earnings reports in that sector. The S&P had risen 6.4 per cent since the November 8 election. Trump had on Wednesday dashed investor hopes for new details on his policy plans in his first news conference since the election, instead lashing out at US spy agencies and media companies for what he called a “phony” Russia dossier and repeated promises to reform healthcare policies. On top of policy uncertainty, the market is missing stock buyback support in the quiet period ahead of earnings and individuals are putting more money into bonds than stocks, according to Jeffrey Kleintop, chief global investmentstrategist at Charles Schwab in Boston. “Companies can’t buy shares, and individuals all of a sudden stopped buying since the election. That could be the reason we’re seeing a little bit of a gap down today,” said Kleintop, but the dip could be temporary if earnings beat expectations. Kleintop cited Investment Company Institute’s data on Wednesday showing the biggest cash flows to bond funds from stock funds since the election. The Dow Jones Industrial Average fell 63.28 points, or 0.32 per cent, to close at 19,891, the S&P 500 dropped 4.88 points, or 0.21 per cent, to 2,270.44 and the Nasda qComposite dipped 16.16 points, or 0.29 per cent, to5,547.49. The S&P had fallen as much as 0.9 per cent earlier in the session, and its financial index finished off 0.74 per cent, as yields on long-dated bonds fell. Brad McMillan, Chief Investment Officer for Commonwealth Financial in Waltham, Mass. said the stock market's continued proximity to its post-election peak was a positive sign. “The fact we’re still bouncing along the ceiling means to me that everybody’s still pretty optimistic,” said McMillan. “The population is confident. They’re willing to spend and they’re making more money and able to spend. That's good news,’’ he said. The S&P’s healthcare sector ended up 0.07 per cent after tumbling 1 per cent in the previous daý’s session because of Trump’s comments. The index was helped by a 0.9 per cent increase for Merck and a 2.5 per cent increase for Eli Lilly after a US appeals court said it could block Teva Pharmaceutical Industries Ltd from selling a generic equivalent of Eli Lilly’s top-selling lung cancer drug. JPMorgan Chase was one of the biggest drags on the S&P 500 the day before its earnings report was due, losing nearly 1 per cent. Declining issues outnumbered advancing ones on the NYSE by a1.55-to-1 ratio; on Nasdaq, a 1.96-to-1 ratio favoured decliners. The S&P 500 posted 10 new 52-week highs and four new lows; the Nasdaq Composite recorded 60 new highs and 21 new lows. More than 6.7 billion shares changed hands on US exchanges, higher than the 6.5 billion average in the last 20 sessions. (This article was published on January 13, 2017) Post Comment Related NEWS Sensex ends marginally lower as IT stocks slump TOPICS economy, business and finance | stocks and shares | Get more of your favourite news delivered to your inbox SEND MY NEWS Please enter your email. Thank You. Newsletter has been successfully subscribed. Tweet Please Wait while comments are loading... 1.  Comments will be moderated by The Hindu Business Line editorial team. 2.  Comments that are abusive, personal, incendiary or irrelevant cannot be published. 3.  Please write complete sentences. Do not type comments in all capital letters,       or in all lower case letters, or using abbreviated text.       (example: u cannot substitute for you, d is not 'the', n is not 'and'). 4.  We may remove hyperlinks within comments. 5.  Please use a genuine email ID and provide your name, to avoid rejection. Markets Live: Sensex ends marginally lower; IT, TECk stocks slump More... Tweet O P E N close Recent Article in Stocks BoFA-ML pegs Sensex target at 29,000 for 2017 Also estimates a double-digit growth rate at 12-14 per cent for earnings in the next fiscal. » Business Line: Home | News | Markets | Companies | Money & Banking | Economy | Info-tech | Opinion | Specials | Portfolio | Catalyst | BLink | This Site: About Us | Contacts | Privacy Policy | Archives | Subscription | RSS Feeds | Site Map | Brand Quest | ePaper | Social | BL Club | Mobile | Group Sites: The Hindu | தி இந்து | Business Line | BL on Campus | Sportstarlive | Frontline | The Hindu Centre | RoofandFloor | STEP | Publications | eBooks | Images | Comments to: web.businessline@thehindu.co.in. Copyright © 2017, The Hindu Business Line. NEVER miss any latest news! we will have it delivered hot to your inbox! SUBSCRIBE Please enter your email. Thank You. Newsletter has been successfully subscribed.
Home Mail Search News Cricket Movies Lifestyle Celebrity Flickr Mobile Answers More Yahoo Search Search Mail News Home Follow us YEAR IN REVIEW 2016 National World Finance Cricket Lifestyle Sports Good News Videos Autos Wall St. falls before earnings and on U.S. policy uncertainty By Sinead Carew Reuters12 January 2017 Reblog Share Tweet Share Traders work on the floor of the New York Stock Exchange (NYSE) shortly after the opening bell in New York, U.S., January 9, 2017. REUTERS/Lucas JacksonMore By Sinead Carew NEW YORK (Reuters) - The three major U.S. stock indexes closed lower on Thursday as investors waited for fourth-quarter corporate earnings and details of U.S. President-elect Donald Trump's economic policy eight days ahead of his inauguration. While stocks pared losses as the session wore on, all but four of the S&P 500's 11 sectors ended lower, with financials leading the decline a day ahead of the first major earnings reports in that sector. The S&P had risen 6.4 percent since the Nov. 8 election. Trump on Wednesday dashed investor hopes for new details on his policy plans in his first news conference since the election, instead lashing out at U.S. spy agencies and media companies for what he called a "phoney" Russia dossier and repeated promises to reform healthcare policies. On top of policy uncertainty, the market is missing stock buyback support in the quiet period ahead of earnings and individuals are putting more money into bonds than stocks, according to Jeffrey Kleintop, chief global investment strategist at Charles Schwab in Boston. "Companies can't buy shares, and individuals all of a sudden stopped buying since the election. That could be the reason we're seeing a little bit of a gap down today," said Kleintop, but the dip could be temporary if earnings beat expectations. Kleintop cited Investment Company Institute's data on Wednesday showing the biggest cash flows to bond funds from stock funds since the election. The Dow Jones Industrial Average <.DJI> fell 63.28 points, or 0.32 percent, to close at 19,891, the S&P 500 <.SPX> dropped 4.88 points, or 0.21 percent, to 2,270.44 and the Nasdaq Composite <.IXIC> dipped 16.16 points, or 0.29 percent, to 5,547.49. The S&P had fallen as much as 0.9 percent earlier in the session, and its financial index <.SPSY> finished off 0.74 percent, as yields on long-dated bonds fell. Brad McMillan, Chief Investment Officer for Commonwealth Financial in Waltham, Mass. said the stock market's continued proximity to its post-election peak was a positive sign. "The fact we're still bouncing along the ceiling means to me that everybody's still pretty optimistic," said McMillan. "The population is confident. They're willing to spend and they're making more money and able to spend. That's good news," he said. The S&P's healthcare sector <.SPXHC> ended up 0.07 percent after tumbling 1 percent in the previous day's session because of Trump's comments. The index was helped by a 0.9 percent increase for Merck and a 2.5 percent increase for Eli Lilly after a U.S. appeals court said it could block Teva Pharmaceutical Industries Ltd from selling a generic equivalent of Eli Lilly's top-selling lung cancer drug. JPMorgan Chase was one of the biggest drags on the S&P 500 the day before its earnings report was due, losing nearly 1 percent. Declining issues outnumbered advancing ones on the NYSE by a 1.55-to-1 ratio; on Nasdaq, a 1.96-to-1 ratio favoured decliners. The S&P 500 posted 10 new 52-week highs and four new lows; the Nasdaq Composite recorded 60 new highs and 21 new lows. More than 6.7 billion shares changed hands on U.S. exchanges, higher than the 6.5 billion average in the last 20 sessions. (Additional reporting by Yashaswini Swamynathan in Bengaluru; Editing by Steve Orlofsky and James Dalgleish) Reblog Share Tweet Share What to read next Kohli, Jadhav set up unbelievable chase for India AFP Get a $100 AT&T Visa® Reward Card DIRECTVSponsored Meet Aunty 72: She Ran 500 Kms in 100 Days, Runs Mumbai Marathon Every Year, Will Inspire You Too! The Better India Filmfare Awards 2017: Aamir bags Best Actor, Alia wins Best Actress India Today Meet U.P. 2017 poll candidate, 'Fakkad Baba', who has predicted his victory Ani 2017 Honda Accord Central Iowa Honda DealersSponsored Newbie Mom Shweta Tiwari Shares The First Picture Of Her Adorable Baby Boy Bollywoodshaadis.com A tribute to Indian Army Ani BEST DRESSED & WORST DRESSED At The Filmfare Awards 2017: Sonam, Alia, Jacqueline, Sonakshi Or Parineeti? Spotboye Marijuana Millionaire #2 MONEY MORNINGSponsored 2017 Saturn Transit in Sagittarius - Know How This Major Transit Will Affect You Astroyogi 'One China' policy is 'non-negotiable': China tells Donald Trump Catch News Encounter between security forces, terrorists underway Ani A Jaw-Dropping 18-Month 0% APR Card Is Here NextAdvisorSponsored When she said YES! Abhishek reminisces about the moment he proposed to Aishwarya! PinkVilla.com Harbhajan and Geeta celebrate their daughter Hinaya Heer's 1st Lohri with this adorable selfie! PinkVilla.com Help Privacy Suggestions Terms
U.S. Editions Australia Edition China Edition India Edition Italy Edition Japan Edition Singapore Edition United Kingdom United States Jan 15, 8:43 PM EST Subscribe Everything You Need To Know, Right Now. Everything You Need To Know, Right Now. The IBT Pulse Newsletter keeps you connected to the biggest stories unfolding in the global economy. Please enter a valid email Search Search Business Technology World National Media & Culture Millennial Money Entertainment Sports Subscribe Business Baxter Healthcare News: Company Agrees To $18M Settlement For Sloppy Manufacturing Practices, Avoids Criminal Prosecution By Marcy Kreiter @marcykreiter On 01/12/17 AT 7:41 PM Close Baxter Healthcare Corp. agreed to pay more than $18 million to avoid criminal prosecution and resolve civil penalties for failure to following proper manufacturing procedures in production of sterile drug products at its North Carolina plant, the Justice Department said Thursday. The agreement includes $16 million in penalties and forfeiture, and $2.158 million in civil payments. Baxter was accused of shipping adulterated large volume sterile intravenous solutions from its North Cove plant in Marion, North Carolina. The solutions were supposed to be made in a clean room with high-efficiency particulate absorption filters in the ceiling. A criminal information filed Thursday alleged after an employee reported in July 2011 there was mold in the filter, manufacturing continued through November 2012 without the filter being changed. An inspection by the Food and Drug Administration found several species of mold. Justice said there was no evidence the mold had any impact on the solutions. Baxter admitted it distributed adulterated products and agreed to implement enhanced compliance provisions, including periodic certifications to the government regarding the implementation of the provisions. “Today’s settlement shows that the government will continue to hold companies accountable for failing to fulfill this critically important responsibility,” said Principal Deputy Assistant Attorney General Benjamin C. Mizer, head of the Justice Department’s Civil Division. The $2.158 million in the civil settlement will go to the Department of Veterans Affairs under the False Claims Act. Christopher Wall, the Baxter employee who brought the situation to light in a whistle-blower suit, will receive $431,535.99 from the civil settlement. Related Stories Americans Turn Overseas For Affordable Medication Jury Orders Gilead To Pay $2.54B In Royalties To Merck Since January 2009, $31.4 billion has been recovered by the Justice Department through False Claims Act cases, with nearly $19.6 billion involving fraud against federal healthcare programs. The settlement still needs federal court approval. Failure to follow proper clean room protocols has had deadly results. Sixty-four people died and 800 were sickened in 2012 by a fungal meningitis outbreak as a result of sloppy manufacturing practices involving injectable steroids at the New England Compounding Center in Framingham, Massachusetts. Baxter Healthcare Corp. reached agreement with the Justice Department to settle charges it ignored good manufacturing standards at its North Carolina plant. Photo: Graham Horn/Creative Commons Join the Discussion Most Read Everything You Need To Know, Right Now. The IBT Pulse Newsletter keeps you connected to the biggest stories unfolding in the global economy. Please enter a valid email Business Takata Close To Faulty Airbag Settlement The settlement with DOJ reportedly includes a $25 million criminal fine, $125 million in victim compensation, and $850 million to compensate automakers. Technology Galaxy S7, S7 Edge Get Android Nougat Update However, it may be a while before HTC pushes out the official update for its HTC 10 device World Diplomats Warn US Against Moving Embassy To Jerusalem Israel did not attend Sunday's peace conference, saying it was "rigged" against the Jewish state. National Scottish Newspaper Lists Trump Inauguration As Episode Of 'Twilight Zone' Trump is to be sworn into office Friday. The Scottish Sunday Herald characterized it as the start of a "huge interactive virtual reality project." © Copyright 2017 IBT Media Inc. All Rights Reserved. IBT About Us Advertise with Us Media Kit Terms of Service Privacy Policy Editions Australia China India Italy Japan Singapore United Kingdom United States
NYTimes.com no longer supports Internet Explorer 9 or earlier. Please upgrade your browser. LEARN MORE » Sections Search Skip to content Skip to navigation Subscribe Now Log In 0 Settings English 中文 (Chinese) Español Sunday, January 15, 2017 Today’s Paper Video Quick Site Sections Navigation Sections Search World U.S. Politics N.Y. Business Business Opinion Opinion Tech Science Health Sports Sports Arts Arts Style Style Food Food Travel Magazine T Magazine Real Estate all Close search Site Search Navigation Search NYTimes.com Clear this text input Go Site Navigation Site Mobile Navigation Top News The 45th President Trump’s E.P.A. Pick Backed Industry Donors Over Regulators By ERIC LIPTON and CORAL DAVENPORT If confirmed by the Senate, Scott Pruitt could be in charge of policing industries that have long helped advance his political career. His antipathy to federal regulation in many ways defined his tenure as Oklahoma’s chief law enforcement officer.  Comments What Do You Think Senators Should Ask Mr. Pruitt in His Confirmation Hearing? Trump Team May Eject Press Corps, Alarming Reporters By MICHAEL M. GRYNBAUM 4:23 PM ET Journalists were stunned by reports of a proposal to remove them from the West Wing, a move that would uproot decades of established protocol. Trump News Conference Gets ‘S.N.L.’ Treatment Critic's Notebook Trump, Twitter and the Art of His Deal By AMANDA HESS 3:28 PM ET President-elect Donald J. Trump has always been hooked on recognition. More than ever, tweeting has given him a fitting outlet. ‘All Talk,’ Trump Says in Attack on Civil Rights Icon By MARK LANDLER The president-elect criticized Representative John Lewis of Georgia, one of the original Freedom Riders, on the eve of Martin Luther King Jr. Day. More in Politics When Trump Goes Low, Democrats Ask If They Should, Too In His Last Days, Obama Keeps Up Flurry of Activity In Texas, a Test of Whether Voting Act Still Has Teeth By MANNY FERNANDEZ A federal judge put Pasadena, Tex., under federal oversight after finding that city officials had discriminated against Latino voters. But an appeal is expected. U.K. Set to Choose Sharp Break From European Union By STEVEN ERLANGER Prime Minister Theresa May is said to be opting for a “hard Brexit,” taking Britain out of the European single market and the customs union. British Firms Await Brexit Plans, Poised to Relocate Low-Profile Drug Maker Has Powerful Washington Backers By KATIE THOMAS Representatives Chris Collins and Tom Price and other power players have substantial investments in Innate Immunotherapeutics, an Australian company with no approved drugs. Got a confidential news tip? The New York Times offers several ways to get in touch with and provide materials to our journalists. Learn more. Slide Show Loading... What Michelle Obama Wore and Why It Mattered No one understood the role of fashion, and the potential uses of its power, better than the first lady. By VANESSA FRIEDMAN You Draw It: What Got Better or Worse During Obama’s Presidency Jolted by Deaths, Obama Found His Voice on Race Your Weekend Briefing By KAREN WORKMAN and MERRILL D. OLIVER Here’s what you need to know about the week’s top stories. Journalism that matters. More essential than ever. Subscribe to the Times Smarter Living The Fix How to Get a High-End Kitchen on the Cheap By MICHELLE HIGGINS Sites like Craigslist may be the best way to score expensive appliances at rock-bottom prices. All you need is a little patience. A Short Puzzle to Test Your Memory By JASMINE C. LEE, JENNIFER DANIEL and KEVIN QUEALY A 2,000-year-old technique called the memory palace helped one of our contributors improve his memory. Can it work for you? Wait. Is That Hillary Clinton? Let’s Go Say Hi. By LAURA M. HOLSON Hillary Clinton is popping up in restaurants and at social events around New York City, and being embraced by New Yorkers who seem to want to help her get over her election loss. New York Streets Are Seas of Black as Yellow Cabs Decline By WINNIE HU Facing growing competition from ride-hailing apps, taxis are struggling to remain relevant to a generation of digital-minded New Yorkers. A Camden Address With a Link to Martin Luther King Jr. By ASHLEY ROSS Jeanette Lilly Hunt, 85, said she considered the young “M.L. King” a member of the family when he lived in her home in New Jersey while attending a seminary. N.F.L. Playoffs Live Updates: Packers Down Cowboys in Final Seconds By BENJAMIN HOFFMAN 8:03 PM ET Dallas, which at one point trailed 21-3, tried to match the franchise’s record for biggest comeback in a postseason game, but a last-minute field goal lifted Green Bay to a 34-31 win. Rodgers’s Hometown Celebrity Ends at His Front Door On This the N.F.L. Agrees: Cowboys’ Offensive Line Is No. 1 Leader of Chiefs’ Special Teams Gives the Humble Punt Its Due China’s Wind Turbines Laze, Yet 1 Is Built Every Hour By JAVIER C. HERNÁNDEZ 6:18 PM ET The Jiuquan Wind Power Base epitomizes the country’s ambition to become a global leader in clean energy. It also reflects the deep challenges facing the sector in China. Crime Scene Runaway Teenager Slowly Reveals Tale of Horrors While Away By MICHAEL WILSON Joannie’s case is a familiar one to prosecutors in the Bronx, who see runaway girls advertised for sex on Backpage.com. California Today The news and stories that matter to Californians (and anyone else interested in the state). Sign up to get it by email. The Daily 360 1:33 52 Places to Go: Madagascar Adam B. Ellick/The New York Times. Technology by Samsung. More in The Daily 360 » More News Tony Rosato, of 1981-82 ‘Saturday Night Live’ Cast, Dies at 62 Death Toll From Brazil Prison Riot Reaches 26; Decapitations Are Seen Bahrain Executes 3 Shiites Convicted in Police Attack Ringling Bros. Circus to End Its 146-Year Run UConn Women Rewrite History Again With 91st Win ‘La La Land’ Revives the Movie Musical When a song-and-dance film earns $132 million this fast, others will follow — with Emma Watson, Will Ferrell, Kristen Wiig and Josh Gad, for starters. A True Wonder of Alchemy: Soup Together, water, onions and time turn water into broth, bland into savory and thin into thick. But for those results, process is critical. Lie to Me: Fiction in the Post-Truth Era Like reality-TV fans and some Donald J. Trump supporters, today’s novel readers may recognize the artifice before them but form a bond of “shared culpability.” Sunday Review Opinion Why Trump Can’t Make It 1981 Again By RUCHIR SHARMA Donald Trump says he can bring back the economic growth of the Reagan era. But economic forces won’t let him.  Comments Editorial: The Optimism of Barack Obama Editorial Observer: That Time the K.G.B. Slipped Me Vodka Dowd: Judd Apatow Freaking Out Over Donald Trump Kristof: Kremlin Employee of the Month? News Analysis The Linguistic Labyrinth of Arabic News By BEN HUBBARD Who’s a “rebel”? Which government is “legitimate”? In the Arab world, it depends on which TV channel you watch. Wehner: Eight Was Enough User Subscriptions Tired? Or Fired Up and Ready to Go? Inside Obama’s Final Days Raw Telexes to the Times Home Office From a Civil War Zone Times Insider » Tired? Or Fired Up and Ready to Go? Inside Obama’s Final Days The Crossword » Play Today’s Puzzle The Crossword » Play Today’s Puzzle Wordplay » Come On Along With Us Your Reading List Go to your reading list Find a great read for your list Stories you save are added to your Reading List. Access on any device. Learn More | Send Feedback Weekend Reads The Neediest Cases Maintaining a Sunny Spirit in the Face of Hardship Linda Ragoo, a beneficiary of Neediest Cases, has a variety of health issues that she combats with the laughter that frames her positive personality. In its 105th year, The New York Times Neediest Cases Fund has provided direct assistance to those struggling in New York and beyond. Donate now » From Our Advertisers Loading... timesvideo explore all videos » Video Player Inside Nytimes.com Go to the previous story Go to the next story Asia Pacific Inspired by ‘Downton,’ China’s Rich Hire Butlers Sunday Review Steve Harvey, Who Says I Won’t Steal Your Girl? Multimedia/Photos The Golden Era of New York Street Protests Music Podcast: Hip-Hop’s Elders Battle Its Youth (Again) Sunday Review Ivanka Trump’s Dangerous Fake Feminism She is selling us traditional femininity and support of male power in a feminist bow, writes Jill Filipovic. Travel Las Vegas Works to Charm Asian Travelers Music Review: First Concert at New Hall in Germany Sunday Review Notebook: That Time the K.G.B. Slipped Me Vodka The Trump dossier-related talk of “kompromat” and “dezinformatsiya” has been a blast from what was thought to be a distant past. Travel A London Restaurant Shifts to a Simpler Fare Book Review A Posthumous Memoir by Coretta Scott King Sunday Review Letters: Haunted by Vietnam Times Insider Telexes to The Times From a Civil War Zone Sections World » It Can Power a Small Nation. But This Wind Farm in China Is Mostly Idle. U.K. Set to Choose Sharp Break From European Union Rich Chinese, Inspired by ‘Downton,’ Fuel Demand for Butlers Business Day » With Guilty Plea, Takata Clears Way for a Likely Global Rescue Will a ‘Slap in the Face’ From Voters Revive Davos Agenda, or Daze It? How Davos Brings the Global Elite Together Opinion » Exposures: At Home With Barack and Michelle Editorial: The Optimism of Barack Obama Maureen Dowd: Judd Apatow Freaking Out Over Donald Trump U.S. » One Hand on Light Switch, Obama Isn’t Flipping to ‘Off’ Just Yet In Texas, a Test of Whether the Voting Rights Act Still Has Teeth Scott Pruitt, Trump’s E.P.A. Pick, Backed Industry Donors Over Regulators Technology » The Other Kushner Brother’s Big Bet N.S.A. Gets More Latitude to Share Intercepted Communications Tech Fix: The Guide to Being an Airbnb Superhost Arts » Hot on the Trail of ‘La La Land,’ Here Come More Movie Musicals Critic's Notebook: Trump, Twitter and the Art of His Deal Reader's Notebook: Lie to Me: Fiction in the Post-Truth Era Politics » On Washington: ‘Repeal and Replace’: Words Still Hanging Over G.O.P.’s Health Care Strategy One Hand on Light Switch, Obama Isn’t Flipping to ‘Off’ Just Yet When He Goes Low, They Go … Where? Democrats Mull How to Confront Trump Fashion & Style » Critic's Notebook: What Michelle Obama Wore and Why It Mattered Wait. Is That Hillary Clinton? Let’s Go Say Hi. Critic's Notebook: The Last Jeweler on the Ponte Vecchio Movies » Hot on the Trail of ‘La La Land,’ Here Come More Movie Musicals ‘Patriots Day’ Disconnect Between Bostonians and the Rest of Us Anatomy of a Scene: Theodore Melfi Narrates a Scene From ‘Hidden Figures’ New York » A Camden Address With a Link to Martin Luther King Jr. Yellow Cab, Long a Fixture of City Life, Is for Many a Thing of the Past Crime Scene: Runaway Teenager Slowly Reveals Tale of Horrors While Away Sports » N.F.L. Playoffs: Packers Beat Cowboys on Last-Second Field Goal Aaron Rodgers Connects With His Hometown, but the Family Huddle Is Broken On Pro Football: Three Scores, and Dissatisfaction, for a Patriots Back Theater » For Early ‘Jersey Boys’ Investors, Oh, What a Run What August Wilson Means Now From Nosebleed Seats to the Stage, Actors Discuss August Wilson Science » SpaceX Launches Rocket, Its First Since Explosion on Launchpad Trilobites: Sometimes Nature is Morbid. That’s Why There’s #BestCarcass. Trilobites: For the First Time, a Ruby Sea Dragon Flaunts in Front of the Camera Obituaries » Antony Armstrong-Jones, Photographer and Earl of Snowdon, Dies at 86 William Peter Blatty, Author of ‘The Exorcist,’ Dies at 89 Buddy Greco, Singer Who Had That Swing, Dies at 90 Television » Donald Trump News Conference Gets the ‘S.N.L.’ Treatment Review: A Transfer of Power in ‘Homeland.’ Situation Normal, for Now. Review: Thoroughly Modern ‘Victoria,’ Still Nursing That Crush Health » Study Maps ‘Uniquely Devastating’ Genital Injuries Among Troops Public Health: The Biggest Changes Obamacare Made, and Those That May Disappear The Weekly Health Quiz: Smartphones and Smart Dogs Travel » Where I Live: Where I Live: Washington, D.C. Muse: How to Use a Novel as a Guidebook 36 Hours: 36 Hours in Charleston, S.C. Books » Reader's Notebook: Lie to Me: Fiction in the Post-Truth Era Nonfiction: Is Edward Snowden a Spy? A New Book Calls Him One. Nonfiction: Kareem Abdul-Jabbar on Two Books About Muslim Identity Education » Donations Pour In to Band From Black College That Will Play at Inauguration Cost of College: Programs That Are Predatory: It’s Not Just the For-Profit Colleges Justices Face ‘Blizzard of Words’ in Special Education Case Food » City Kitchen: Make Cauliflower and Broccoli More Compelling One Cookie, 2 Versions: Why Girl Scout S’mores Won’t All Be the Same The Pour: 20 Wines Under $20: Reds for Winter Moods and Foods Sunday Review » Opinion: No Racial Barrier Left to Break (Except All of Them) Editorial: The Optimism of Barack Obama Maureen Dowd: Judd Apatow Freaking Out Over Donald Trump Real Estate » When the Downstairs Neighbor Is a Bar The Right Time to Sell Is Anytime On the Market: Homes for Sale in Brooklyn and Manhattan The Upshot » Public Health: The Biggest Changes Obamacare Made, and Those That May Disappear Cost of College: Programs That Are Predatory: It’s Not Just the For-Profit Colleges Public Health: Obamacare Repeal Is Moving Forward. When Will Changes Affect Consumers? Magazine » Feature: President Duterte’s List First Words: I Know How It Feels to Be Someone’s ‘Token.’ I’m Sure Ben Carson Does, Too. Feature: Neanderthals Were People, Too Automobiles » 3 Takata Executives Face Criminal Charges Over Exploding Airbags E.P.A. Accuses Fiat Chrysler of Secretly Violating Emissions Standards Driven: The Volvo S90 Is Very Swedish, and Very Appealing T Magazine » Gosha Rubchinskiy’s Russian Men’s Wear Show A String Quartet Concert, With an A.I. Assist My Bookshelf, Myself: My 10 Favorite Books: Asif Kapadia Times Insider » Save the Date: Feb. 7: Will Shortz: Meet the Puzzle Master! The Robot That Performed My Kidney Transplant Declined to Be Interviewed Talk to The Times: Should Celebrities Use Their Platforms to Express Political Opinions? Real Estate » Ask Real Estate What to Do if the Seller Backs Out By RONDA KAYSEN If a buyer backs out of a contract, the deposit is lost. But what recourse does the buyer have if the seller wants out? More Articles in the Series Search for Homes for Sale or Rent Sell Your Home Most Emailed Most Viewed Trending Recommended for you Loading... Go to Home Page » Site Index The New York Times Site Index Navigation News World U.S. Politics N.Y. Business Tech Science Health Sports Education Obituaries Today's Paper Corrections Opinion Today's Opinion Op-Ed Columnists Editorials Contributing Writers Op-Ed Contributors Opinionator Letters Sunday Review Taking Note Room for Debate Public Editor Video: Opinion Arts Today's Arts Art & Design Books Dance Movies Music N.Y.C. Events Guide Television Theater Video: Arts Living Automobiles Crossword Food Education Fashion & Style Health Jobs Magazine N.Y.C. Events Guide Real Estate T Magazine Travel Weddings & Celebrations Listings & More Classifieds Tools & Services Times Topics Public Editor N.Y.C. Events Guide Blogs Multimedia Photography Video NYT Store Times Journeys Subscribe Manage My Account Subscribe Subscribe Home Delivery Digital Subscriptions Times Insider Crossword Email Newsletters Alerts Gift Subscriptions Corporate Subscriptions Education Rate Mobile Applications Replica Edition Site Information Navigation © 2017 The New York Times Company Contact Us Work With Us Advertise Your Ad Choices Privacy Terms of Service Terms of Sale Site Information Navigation Site Map Help Site Feedback Subscriptions View Mobile Version
NYTimes.com no longer supports Internet Explorer 9 or earlier. Please upgrade your browser. LEARN MORE » Sections Search Skip to content Skip to navigation Subscribe Now Log In 0 Settings English 中文 (Chinese) Español Sunday, January 15, 2017 Today’s Paper Video Quick Site Sections Navigation Sections Search World U.S. Politics N.Y. Business Business Opinion Opinion Tech Science Health Sports Sports Arts Arts Style Style Food Food Travel Magazine T Magazine Real Estate all Close search Site Search Navigation Search NYTimes.com Clear this text input Go Site Navigation Site Mobile Navigation Top News The 45th President Trump’s E.P.A. Pick Backed Industry Donors Over Regulators By ERIC LIPTON and CORAL DAVENPORT If confirmed by the Senate, Scott Pruitt could be in charge of policing industries that have long helped advance his political career. His antipathy to federal regulation in many ways defined his tenure as Oklahoma’s chief law enforcement officer.  Comments What Do You Think Senators Should Ask Mr. Pruitt in His Confirmation Hearing? Trump Team May Eject Press Corps, Alarming Reporters By MICHAEL M. GRYNBAUM 4:23 PM ET Journalists were stunned by reports of a proposal to remove them from the West Wing, a move that would uproot decades of established protocol. Trump News Conference Gets ‘S.N.L.’ Treatment Critic's Notebook Trump, Twitter and the Art of His Deal By AMANDA HESS 3:28 PM ET President-elect Donald J. Trump has always been hooked on recognition. More than ever, tweeting has given him a fitting outlet. ‘All Talk,’ Trump Says in Attack on Civil Rights Icon By MARK LANDLER The president-elect criticized Representative John Lewis of Georgia, one of the original Freedom Riders, on the eve of Martin Luther King Jr. Day. More in Politics When Trump Goes Low, Democrats Ask If They Should, Too In His Last Days, Obama Keeps Up Flurry of Activity In Texas, a Test of Whether Voting Act Still Has Teeth By MANNY FERNANDEZ A federal judge put Pasadena, Tex., under federal oversight after finding that city officials had discriminated against Latino voters. But an appeal is expected. U.K. Set to Choose Sharp Break From European Union By STEVEN ERLANGER Prime Minister Theresa May is said to be opting for a “hard Brexit,” taking Britain out of the European single market and the customs union. British Firms Await Brexit Plans, Poised to Relocate Low-Profile Drug Maker Has Powerful Washington Backers By KATIE THOMAS Representatives Chris Collins and Tom Price and other power players have substantial investments in Innate Immunotherapeutics, an Australian company with no approved drugs. Got a confidential news tip? The New York Times offers several ways to get in touch with and provide materials to our journalists. Learn more. Slide Show Loading... What Michelle Obama Wore and Why It Mattered No one understood the role of fashion, and the potential uses of its power, better than the first lady. By VANESSA FRIEDMAN You Draw It: What Got Better or Worse During Obama’s Presidency Jolted by Deaths, Obama Found His Voice on Race Your Weekend Briefing By KAREN WORKMAN and MERRILL D. OLIVER Here’s what you need to know about the week’s top stories. Journalism that matters. More essential than ever. Subscribe to the Times Smarter Living The Fix How to Get a High-End Kitchen on the Cheap By MICHELLE HIGGINS Sites like Craigslist may be the best way to score expensive appliances at rock-bottom prices. All you need is a little patience. A Short Puzzle to Test Your Memory By JASMINE C. LEE, JENNIFER DANIEL and KEVIN QUEALY A 2,000-year-old technique called the memory palace helped one of our contributors improve his memory. Can it work for you? Wait. Is That Hillary Clinton? Let’s Go Say Hi. By LAURA M. HOLSON Hillary Clinton is popping up in restaurants and at social events around New York City, and being embraced by New Yorkers who seem to want to help her get over her election loss. New York Streets Are Seas of Black as Yellow Cabs Decline By WINNIE HU Facing growing competition from ride-hailing apps, taxis are struggling to remain relevant to a generation of digital-minded New Yorkers. A Camden Address With a Link to Martin Luther King Jr. By ASHLEY ROSS Jeanette Lilly Hunt, 85, said she considered the young “M.L. King” a member of the family when he lived in her home in New Jersey while attending a seminary. N.F.L. Playoffs Live Updates: Packers Down Cowboys in Final Seconds By BENJAMIN HOFFMAN 8:03 PM ET Dallas, which at one point trailed 21-3, tried to match the franchise’s record for biggest comeback in a postseason game, but a last-minute field goal lifted Green Bay to a 34-31 win. Rodgers’s Hometown Celebrity Ends at His Front Door On This the N.F.L. Agrees: Cowboys’ Offensive Line Is No. 1 Leader of Chiefs’ Special Teams Gives the Humble Punt Its Due China’s Wind Turbines Laze, Yet 1 Is Built Every Hour By JAVIER C. HERNÁNDEZ 6:18 PM ET The Jiuquan Wind Power Base epitomizes the country’s ambition to become a global leader in clean energy. It also reflects the deep challenges facing the sector in China. Crime Scene Runaway Teenager Slowly Reveals Tale of Horrors While Away By MICHAEL WILSON Joannie’s case is a familiar one to prosecutors in the Bronx, who see runaway girls advertised for sex on Backpage.com. California Today The news and stories that matter to Californians (and anyone else interested in the state). Sign up to get it by email. The Daily 360 1:33 52 Places to Go: Madagascar Adam B. Ellick/The New York Times. Technology by Samsung. More in The Daily 360 » More News Tony Rosato, of 1981-82 ‘Saturday Night Live’ Cast, Dies at 62 Death Toll From Brazil Prison Riot Reaches 26; Decapitations Are Seen Bahrain Executes 3 Shiites Convicted in Police Attack Ringling Bros. Circus to End Its 146-Year Run UConn Women Rewrite History Again With 91st Win ‘La La Land’ Revives the Movie Musical When a song-and-dance film earns $132 million this fast, others will follow — with Emma Watson, Will Ferrell, Kristen Wiig and Josh Gad, for starters. A True Wonder of Alchemy: Soup Together, water, onions and time turn water into broth, bland into savory and thin into thick. But for those results, process is critical. Lie to Me: Fiction in the Post-Truth Era Like reality-TV fans and some Donald J. Trump supporters, today’s novel readers may recognize the artifice before them but form a bond of “shared culpability.” Sunday Review Opinion Why Trump Can’t Make It 1981 Again By RUCHIR SHARMA Donald Trump says he can bring back the economic growth of the Reagan era. But economic forces won’t let him.  Comments Editorial: The Optimism of Barack Obama Editorial Observer: That Time the K.G.B. Slipped Me Vodka Dowd: Judd Apatow Freaking Out Over Donald Trump Kristof: Kremlin Employee of the Month? News Analysis The Linguistic Labyrinth of Arabic News By BEN HUBBARD Who’s a “rebel”? Which government is “legitimate”? In the Arab world, it depends on which TV channel you watch. Wehner: Eight Was Enough User Subscriptions Tired? Or Fired Up and Ready to Go? Inside Obama’s Final Days Raw Telexes to the Times Home Office From a Civil War Zone Times Insider » Tired? Or Fired Up and Ready to Go? Inside Obama’s Final Days The Crossword » Play Today’s Puzzle The Crossword » Play Today’s Puzzle Wordplay » Come On Along With Us Your Reading List Go to your reading list Find a great read for your list Stories you save are added to your Reading List. Access on any device. Learn More | Send Feedback Weekend Reads The Neediest Cases Maintaining a Sunny Spirit in the Face of Hardship Linda Ragoo, a beneficiary of Neediest Cases, has a variety of health issues that she combats with the laughter that frames her positive personality. In its 105th year, The New York Times Neediest Cases Fund has provided direct assistance to those struggling in New York and beyond. Donate now » From Our Advertisers Loading... timesvideo explore all videos » Video Player Inside Nytimes.com Go to the previous story Go to the next story Asia Pacific Inspired by ‘Downton,’ China’s Rich Hire Butlers Sunday Review Steve Harvey, Who Says I Won’t Steal Your Girl? Multimedia/Photos The Golden Era of New York Street Protests Music Podcast: Hip-Hop’s Elders Battle Its Youth (Again) Sunday Review Ivanka Trump’s Dangerous Fake Feminism She is selling us traditional femininity and support of male power in a feminist bow, writes Jill Filipovic. Travel Las Vegas Works to Charm Asian Travelers Music Review: First Concert at New Hall in Germany Sunday Review Notebook: That Time the K.G.B. Slipped Me Vodka The Trump dossier-related talk of “kompromat” and “dezinformatsiya” has been a blast from what was thought to be a distant past. Travel A London Restaurant Shifts to a Simpler Fare Book Review A Posthumous Memoir by Coretta Scott King Sunday Review Letters: Haunted by Vietnam Times Insider Telexes to The Times From a Civil War Zone Sections World » It Can Power a Small Nation. But This Wind Farm in China Is Mostly Idle. U.K. Set to Choose Sharp Break From European Union Rich Chinese, Inspired by ‘Downton,’ Fuel Demand for Butlers Business Day » With Guilty Plea, Takata Clears Way for a Likely Global Rescue Will a ‘Slap in the Face’ From Voters Revive Davos Agenda, or Daze It? How Davos Brings the Global Elite Together Opinion » Exposures: At Home With Barack and Michelle Editorial: The Optimism of Barack Obama Maureen Dowd: Judd Apatow Freaking Out Over Donald Trump U.S. » One Hand on Light Switch, Obama Isn’t Flipping to ‘Off’ Just Yet In Texas, a Test of Whether the Voting Rights Act Still Has Teeth Scott Pruitt, Trump’s E.P.A. Pick, Backed Industry Donors Over Regulators Technology » The Other Kushner Brother’s Big Bet N.S.A. Gets More Latitude to Share Intercepted Communications Tech Fix: The Guide to Being an Airbnb Superhost Arts » Hot on the Trail of ‘La La Land,’ Here Come More Movie Musicals Critic's Notebook: Trump, Twitter and the Art of His Deal Reader's Notebook: Lie to Me: Fiction in the Post-Truth Era Politics » On Washington: ‘Repeal and Replace’: Words Still Hanging Over G.O.P.’s Health Care Strategy One Hand on Light Switch, Obama Isn’t Flipping to ‘Off’ Just Yet When He Goes Low, They Go … Where? Democrats Mull How to Confront Trump Fashion & Style » Critic's Notebook: What Michelle Obama Wore and Why It Mattered Wait. Is That Hillary Clinton? Let’s Go Say Hi. Critic's Notebook: The Last Jeweler on the Ponte Vecchio Movies » Hot on the Trail of ‘La La Land,’ Here Come More Movie Musicals ‘Patriots Day’ Disconnect Between Bostonians and the Rest of Us Anatomy of a Scene: Theodore Melfi Narrates a Scene From ‘Hidden Figures’ New York » A Camden Address With a Link to Martin Luther King Jr. Yellow Cab, Long a Fixture of City Life, Is for Many a Thing of the Past Crime Scene: Runaway Teenager Slowly Reveals Tale of Horrors While Away Sports » N.F.L. Playoffs: Packers Beat Cowboys on Last-Second Field Goal Aaron Rodgers Connects With His Hometown, but the Family Huddle Is Broken On Pro Football: Three Scores, and Dissatisfaction, for a Patriots Back Theater » For Early ‘Jersey Boys’ Investors, Oh, What a Run What August Wilson Means Now From Nosebleed Seats to the Stage, Actors Discuss August Wilson Science » SpaceX Launches Rocket, Its First Since Explosion on Launchpad Trilobites: Sometimes Nature is Morbid. That’s Why There’s #BestCarcass. Trilobites: For the First Time, a Ruby Sea Dragon Flaunts in Front of the Camera Obituaries » Antony Armstrong-Jones, Photographer and Earl of Snowdon, Dies at 86 William Peter Blatty, Author of ‘The Exorcist,’ Dies at 89 Buddy Greco, Singer Who Had That Swing, Dies at 90 Television » Donald Trump News Conference Gets the ‘S.N.L.’ Treatment Review: A Transfer of Power in ‘Homeland.’ Situation Normal, for Now. Review: Thoroughly Modern ‘Victoria,’ Still Nursing That Crush Health » Study Maps ‘Uniquely Devastating’ Genital Injuries Among Troops Public Health: The Biggest Changes Obamacare Made, and Those That May Disappear The Weekly Health Quiz: Smartphones and Smart Dogs Travel » Where I Live: Where I Live: Washington, D.C. Muse: How to Use a Novel as a Guidebook 36 Hours: 36 Hours in Charleston, S.C. Books » Reader's Notebook: Lie to Me: Fiction in the Post-Truth Era Nonfiction: Is Edward Snowden a Spy? A New Book Calls Him One. Nonfiction: Kareem Abdul-Jabbar on Two Books About Muslim Identity Education » Donations Pour In to Band From Black College That Will Play at Inauguration Cost of College: Programs That Are Predatory: It’s Not Just the For-Profit Colleges Justices Face ‘Blizzard of Words’ in Special Education Case Food » City Kitchen: Make Cauliflower and Broccoli More Compelling One Cookie, 2 Versions: Why Girl Scout S’mores Won’t All Be the Same The Pour: 20 Wines Under $20: Reds for Winter Moods and Foods Sunday Review » Opinion: No Racial Barrier Left to Break (Except All of Them) Editorial: The Optimism of Barack Obama Maureen Dowd: Judd Apatow Freaking Out Over Donald Trump Real Estate » When the Downstairs Neighbor Is a Bar The Right Time to Sell Is Anytime On the Market: Homes for Sale in Brooklyn and Manhattan The Upshot » Public Health: The Biggest Changes Obamacare Made, and Those That May Disappear Cost of College: Programs That Are Predatory: It’s Not Just the For-Profit Colleges Public Health: Obamacare Repeal Is Moving Forward. When Will Changes Affect Consumers? Magazine » Feature: President Duterte’s List First Words: I Know How It Feels to Be Someone’s ‘Token.’ I’m Sure Ben Carson Does, Too. Feature: Neanderthals Were People, Too Automobiles » 3 Takata Executives Face Criminal Charges Over Exploding Airbags E.P.A. Accuses Fiat Chrysler of Secretly Violating Emissions Standards Driven: The Volvo S90 Is Very Swedish, and Very Appealing T Magazine » Gosha Rubchinskiy’s Russian Men’s Wear Show A String Quartet Concert, With an A.I. Assist My Bookshelf, Myself: My 10 Favorite Books: Asif Kapadia Times Insider » Save the Date: Feb. 7: Will Shortz: Meet the Puzzle Master! The Robot That Performed My Kidney Transplant Declined to Be Interviewed Talk to The Times: Should Celebrities Use Their Platforms to Express Political Opinions? Real Estate » Ask Real Estate What to Do if the Seller Backs Out By RONDA KAYSEN If a buyer backs out of a contract, the deposit is lost. But what recourse does the buyer have if the seller wants out? More Articles in the Series Search for Homes for Sale or Rent Sell Your Home Most Emailed Most Viewed Trending Recommended for you Loading... Go to Home Page » Site Index The New York Times Site Index Navigation News World U.S. Politics N.Y. Business Tech Science Health Sports Education Obituaries Today's Paper Corrections Opinion Today's Opinion Op-Ed Columnists Editorials Contributing Writers Op-Ed Contributors Opinionator Letters Sunday Review Taking Note Room for Debate Public Editor Video: Opinion Arts Today's Arts Art & Design Books Dance Movies Music N.Y.C. Events Guide Television Theater Video: Arts Living Automobiles Crossword Food Education Fashion & Style Health Jobs Magazine N.Y.C. Events Guide Real Estate T Magazine Travel Weddings & Celebrations Listings & More Classifieds Tools & Services Times Topics Public Editor N.Y.C. Events Guide Blogs Multimedia Photography Video NYT Store Times Journeys Subscribe Manage My Account Subscribe Subscribe Home Delivery Digital Subscriptions Times Insider Crossword Email Newsletters Alerts Gift Subscriptions Corporate Subscriptions Education Rate Mobile Applications Replica Edition Site Information Navigation © 2017 The New York Times Company Contact Us Work With Us Advertise Your Ad Choices Privacy Terms of Service Terms of Sale Site Information Navigation Site Map Help Site Feedback Subscriptions View Mobile Version
NYTimes.com no longer supports Internet Explorer 9 or earlier. Please upgrade your browser. LEARN MORE » Sections Search Skip to content Skip to navigation Subscribe Now Log In 0 Settings English 中文 (Chinese) Español Sunday, January 15, 2017 Today’s Paper Video Quick Site Sections Navigation Sections Search World U.S. Politics N.Y. Business Business Opinion Opinion Tech Science Health Sports Sports Arts Arts Style Style Food Food Travel Magazine T Magazine Real Estate all Close search Site Search Navigation Search NYTimes.com Clear this text input Go Site Navigation Site Mobile Navigation Top News The 45th President Trump’s E.P.A. Pick Backed Industry Donors Over Regulators By ERIC LIPTON and CORAL DAVENPORT If confirmed by the Senate, Scott Pruitt could be in charge of policing industries that have long helped advance his political career. His antipathy to federal regulation in many ways defined his tenure as Oklahoma’s chief law enforcement officer.  Comments What Do You Think Senators Should Ask Mr. Pruitt in His Confirmation Hearing? Trump Team May Eject Press Corps, Alarming Reporters By MICHAEL M. GRYNBAUM 4:23 PM ET Journalists were stunned by reports of a proposal to remove them from the West Wing, a move that would uproot decades of established protocol. Trump News Conference Gets ‘S.N.L.’ Treatment Critic's Notebook Trump, Twitter and the Art of His Deal By AMANDA HESS 3:28 PM ET President-elect Donald J. Trump has always been hooked on recognition. More than ever, tweeting has given him a fitting outlet. ‘All Talk,’ Trump Says in Attack on Civil Rights Icon By MARK LANDLER The president-elect criticized Representative John Lewis of Georgia, one of the original Freedom Riders, on the eve of Martin Luther King Jr. Day. More in Politics When Trump Goes Low, Democrats Ask If They Should, Too In His Last Days, Obama Keeps Up Flurry of Activity In Texas, a Test of Whether Voting Act Still Has Teeth By MANNY FERNANDEZ A federal judge put Pasadena, Tex., under federal oversight after finding that city officials had discriminated against Latino voters. But an appeal is expected. U.K. Set to Choose Sharp Break From European Union By STEVEN ERLANGER Prime Minister Theresa May is said to be opting for a “hard Brexit,” taking Britain out of the European single market and the customs union. British Firms Await Brexit Plans, Poised to Relocate Low-Profile Drug Maker Has Powerful Washington Backers By KATIE THOMAS Representatives Chris Collins and Tom Price and other power players have substantial investments in Innate Immunotherapeutics, an Australian company with no approved drugs. Got a confidential news tip? The New York Times offers several ways to get in touch with and provide materials to our journalists. Learn more. Slide Show Loading... What Michelle Obama Wore and Why It Mattered No one understood the role of fashion, and the potential uses of its power, better than the first lady. By VANESSA FRIEDMAN You Draw It: What Got Better or Worse During Obama’s Presidency Jolted by Deaths, Obama Found His Voice on Race Your Weekend Briefing By KAREN WORKMAN and MERRILL D. OLIVER Here’s what you need to know about the week’s top stories. Journalism that matters. More essential than ever. Subscribe to the Times Smarter Living The Fix How to Get a High-End Kitchen on the Cheap By MICHELLE HIGGINS Sites like Craigslist may be the best way to score expensive appliances at rock-bottom prices. All you need is a little patience. A Short Puzzle to Test Your Memory By JASMINE C. LEE, JENNIFER DANIEL and KEVIN QUEALY A 2,000-year-old technique called the memory palace helped one of our contributors improve his memory. Can it work for you? Wait. Is That Hillary Clinton? Let’s Go Say Hi. By LAURA M. HOLSON Hillary Clinton is popping up in restaurants and at social events around New York City, and being embraced by New Yorkers who seem to want to help her get over her election loss. New York Streets Are Seas of Black as Yellow Cabs Decline By WINNIE HU Facing growing competition from ride-hailing apps, taxis are struggling to remain relevant to a generation of digital-minded New Yorkers. A Camden Address With a Link to Martin Luther King Jr. By ASHLEY ROSS Jeanette Lilly Hunt, 85, said she considered the young “M.L. King” a member of the family when he lived in her home in New Jersey while attending a seminary. N.F.L. Playoffs Live Updates: Packers Down Cowboys in Final Seconds By BENJAMIN HOFFMAN 8:03 PM ET Dallas, which at one point trailed 21-3, tried to match the franchise’s record for biggest comeback in a postseason game, but a last-minute field goal lifted Green Bay to a 34-31 win. Rodgers’s Hometown Celebrity Ends at His Front Door On This the N.F.L. Agrees: Cowboys’ Offensive Line Is No. 1 Leader of Chiefs’ Special Teams Gives the Humble Punt Its Due China’s Wind Turbines Laze, Yet 1 Is Built Every Hour By JAVIER C. HERNÁNDEZ 6:18 PM ET The Jiuquan Wind Power Base epitomizes the country’s ambition to become a global leader in clean energy. It also reflects the deep challenges facing the sector in China. Crime Scene Runaway Teenager Slowly Reveals Tale of Horrors While Away By MICHAEL WILSON Joannie’s case is a familiar one to prosecutors in the Bronx, who see runaway girls advertised for sex on Backpage.com. California Today The news and stories that matter to Californians (and anyone else interested in the state). Sign up to get it by email. The Daily 360 1:33 52 Places to Go: Madagascar Adam B. Ellick/The New York Times. Technology by Samsung. More in The Daily 360 » More News Tony Rosato, of 1981-82 ‘Saturday Night Live’ Cast, Dies at 62 Death Toll From Brazil Prison Riot Reaches 26; Decapitations Are Seen Bahrain Executes 3 Shiites Convicted in Police Attack Ringling Bros. Circus to End Its 146-Year Run UConn Women Rewrite History Again With 91st Win ‘La La Land’ Revives the Movie Musical When a song-and-dance film earns $132 million this fast, others will follow — with Emma Watson, Will Ferrell, Kristen Wiig and Josh Gad, for starters. A True Wonder of Alchemy: Soup Together, water, onions and time turn water into broth, bland into savory and thin into thick. But for those results, process is critical. Lie to Me: Fiction in the Post-Truth Era Like reality-TV fans and some Donald J. Trump supporters, today’s novel readers may recognize the artifice before them but form a bond of “shared culpability.” Sunday Review Opinion Why Trump Can’t Make It 1981 Again By RUCHIR SHARMA Donald Trump says he can bring back the economic growth of the Reagan era. But economic forces won’t let him.  Comments Editorial: The Optimism of Barack Obama Editorial Observer: That Time the K.G.B. Slipped Me Vodka Dowd: Judd Apatow Freaking Out Over Donald Trump Kristof: Kremlin Employee of the Month? News Analysis The Linguistic Labyrinth of Arabic News By BEN HUBBARD Who’s a “rebel”? Which government is “legitimate”? In the Arab world, it depends on which TV channel you watch. Wehner: Eight Was Enough User Subscriptions Tired? Or Fired Up and Ready to Go? Inside Obama’s Final Days Raw Telexes to the Times Home Office From a Civil War Zone Times Insider » Tired? Or Fired Up and Ready to Go? Inside Obama’s Final Days The Crossword » Play Today’s Puzzle The Crossword » Play Today’s Puzzle Wordplay » Come On Along With Us Your Reading List Go to your reading list Find a great read for your list Stories you save are added to your Reading List. Access on any device. Learn More | Send Feedback Weekend Reads The Neediest Cases Maintaining a Sunny Spirit in the Face of Hardship Linda Ragoo, a beneficiary of Neediest Cases, has a variety of health issues that she combats with the laughter that frames her positive personality. In its 105th year, The New York Times Neediest Cases Fund has provided direct assistance to those struggling in New York and beyond. Donate now » From Our Advertisers Loading... timesvideo explore all videos » Video Player Inside Nytimes.com Go to the previous story Go to the next story Asia Pacific Inspired by ‘Downton,’ China’s Rich Hire Butlers Sunday Review Steve Harvey, Who Says I Won’t Steal Your Girl? Multimedia/Photos The Golden Era of New York Street Protests Music Podcast: Hip-Hop’s Elders Battle Its Youth (Again) Sunday Review Ivanka Trump’s Dangerous Fake Feminism She is selling us traditional femininity and support of male power in a feminist bow, writes Jill Filipovic. Travel Las Vegas Works to Charm Asian Travelers Music Review: First Concert at New Hall in Germany Sunday Review Notebook: That Time the K.G.B. Slipped Me Vodka The Trump dossier-related talk of “kompromat” and “dezinformatsiya” has been a blast from what was thought to be a distant past. Travel A London Restaurant Shifts to a Simpler Fare Book Review A Posthumous Memoir by Coretta Scott King Sunday Review Letters: Haunted by Vietnam Times Insider Telexes to The Times From a Civil War Zone Sections World » It Can Power a Small Nation. But This Wind Farm in China Is Mostly Idle. U.K. Set to Choose Sharp Break From European Union Rich Chinese, Inspired by ‘Downton,’ Fuel Demand for Butlers Business Day » With Guilty Plea, Takata Clears Way for a Likely Global Rescue Will a ‘Slap in the Face’ From Voters Revive Davos Agenda, or Daze It? How Davos Brings the Global Elite Together Opinion » Exposures: At Home With Barack and Michelle Editorial: The Optimism of Barack Obama Maureen Dowd: Judd Apatow Freaking Out Over Donald Trump U.S. » One Hand on Light Switch, Obama Isn’t Flipping to ‘Off’ Just Yet In Texas, a Test of Whether the Voting Rights Act Still Has Teeth Scott Pruitt, Trump’s E.P.A. Pick, Backed Industry Donors Over Regulators Technology » The Other Kushner Brother’s Big Bet N.S.A. Gets More Latitude to Share Intercepted Communications Tech Fix: The Guide to Being an Airbnb Superhost Arts » Hot on the Trail of ‘La La Land,’ Here Come More Movie Musicals Critic's Notebook: Trump, Twitter and the Art of His Deal Reader's Notebook: Lie to Me: Fiction in the Post-Truth Era Politics » On Washington: ‘Repeal and Replace’: Words Still Hanging Over G.O.P.’s Health Care Strategy One Hand on Light Switch, Obama Isn’t Flipping to ‘Off’ Just Yet When He Goes Low, They Go … Where? Democrats Mull How to Confront Trump Fashion & Style » Critic's Notebook: What Michelle Obama Wore and Why It Mattered Wait. Is That Hillary Clinton? Let’s Go Say Hi. Critic's Notebook: The Last Jeweler on the Ponte Vecchio Movies » Hot on the Trail of ‘La La Land,’ Here Come More Movie Musicals ‘Patriots Day’ Disconnect Between Bostonians and the Rest of Us Anatomy of a Scene: Theodore Melfi Narrates a Scene From ‘Hidden Figures’ New York » A Camden Address With a Link to Martin Luther King Jr. Yellow Cab, Long a Fixture of City Life, Is for Many a Thing of the Past Crime Scene: Runaway Teenager Slowly Reveals Tale of Horrors While Away Sports » N.F.L. Playoffs: Packers Beat Cowboys on Last-Second Field Goal Aaron Rodgers Connects With His Hometown, but the Family Huddle Is Broken On Pro Football: Three Scores, and Dissatisfaction, for a Patriots Back Theater » For Early ‘Jersey Boys’ Investors, Oh, What a Run What August Wilson Means Now From Nosebleed Seats to the Stage, Actors Discuss August Wilson Science » SpaceX Launches Rocket, Its First Since Explosion on Launchpad Trilobites: Sometimes Nature is Morbid. That’s Why There’s #BestCarcass. Trilobites: For the First Time, a Ruby Sea Dragon Flaunts in Front of the Camera Obituaries » Antony Armstrong-Jones, Photographer and Earl of Snowdon, Dies at 86 William Peter Blatty, Author of ‘The Exorcist,’ Dies at 89 Buddy Greco, Singer Who Had That Swing, Dies at 90 Television » Donald Trump News Conference Gets the ‘S.N.L.’ Treatment Review: A Transfer of Power in ‘Homeland.’ Situation Normal, for Now. Review: Thoroughly Modern ‘Victoria,’ Still Nursing That Crush Health » Study Maps ‘Uniquely Devastating’ Genital Injuries Among Troops Public Health: The Biggest Changes Obamacare Made, and Those That May Disappear The Weekly Health Quiz: Smartphones and Smart Dogs Travel » Where I Live: Where I Live: Washington, D.C. Muse: How to Use a Novel as a Guidebook 36 Hours: 36 Hours in Charleston, S.C. Books » Reader's Notebook: Lie to Me: Fiction in the Post-Truth Era Nonfiction: Is Edward Snowden a Spy? A New Book Calls Him One. Nonfiction: Kareem Abdul-Jabbar on Two Books About Muslim Identity Education » Donations Pour In to Band From Black College That Will Play at Inauguration Cost of College: Programs That Are Predatory: It’s Not Just the For-Profit Colleges Justices Face ‘Blizzard of Words’ in Special Education Case Food » City Kitchen: Make Cauliflower and Broccoli More Compelling One Cookie, 2 Versions: Why Girl Scout S’mores Won’t All Be the Same The Pour: 20 Wines Under $20: Reds for Winter Moods and Foods Sunday Review » Opinion: No Racial Barrier Left to Break (Except All of Them) Editorial: The Optimism of Barack Obama Maureen Dowd: Judd Apatow Freaking Out Over Donald Trump Real Estate » When the Downstairs Neighbor Is a Bar The Right Time to Sell Is Anytime On the Market: Homes for Sale in Brooklyn and Manhattan The Upshot » Public Health: The Biggest Changes Obamacare Made, and Those That May Disappear Cost of College: Programs That Are Predatory: It’s Not Just the For-Profit Colleges Public Health: Obamacare Repeal Is Moving Forward. When Will Changes Affect Consumers? Magazine » Feature: President Duterte’s List First Words: I Know How It Feels to Be Someone’s ‘Token.’ I’m Sure Ben Carson Does, Too. Feature: Neanderthals Were People, Too Automobiles » 3 Takata Executives Face Criminal Charges Over Exploding Airbags E.P.A. Accuses Fiat Chrysler of Secretly Violating Emissions Standards Driven: The Volvo S90 Is Very Swedish, and Very Appealing T Magazine » Gosha Rubchinskiy’s Russian Men’s Wear Show A String Quartet Concert, With an A.I. Assist My Bookshelf, Myself: My 10 Favorite Books: Asif Kapadia Times Insider » Save the Date: Feb. 7: Will Shortz: Meet the Puzzle Master! The Robot That Performed My Kidney Transplant Declined to Be Interviewed Talk to The Times: Should Celebrities Use Their Platforms to Express Political Opinions? Real Estate » Ask Real Estate What to Do if the Seller Backs Out By RONDA KAYSEN If a buyer backs out of a contract, the deposit is lost. But what recourse does the buyer have if the seller wants out? More Articles in the Series Search for Homes for Sale or Rent Sell Your Home Most Emailed Most Viewed Trending Recommended for you Loading... Go to Home Page » Site Index The New York Times Site Index Navigation News World U.S. Politics N.Y. Business Tech Science Health Sports Education Obituaries Today's Paper Corrections Opinion Today's Opinion Op-Ed Columnists Editorials Contributing Writers Op-Ed Contributors Opinionator Letters Sunday Review Taking Note Room for Debate Public Editor Video: Opinion Arts Today's Arts Art & Design Books Dance Movies Music N.Y.C. Events Guide Television Theater Video: Arts Living Automobiles Crossword Food Education Fashion & Style Health Jobs Magazine N.Y.C. Events Guide Real Estate T Magazine Travel Weddings & Celebrations Listings & More Classifieds Tools & Services Times Topics Public Editor N.Y.C. Events Guide Blogs Multimedia Photography Video NYT Store Times Journeys Subscribe Manage My Account Subscribe Subscribe Home Delivery Digital Subscriptions Times Insider Crossword Email Newsletters Alerts Gift Subscriptions Corporate Subscriptions Education Rate Mobile Applications Replica Edition Site Information Navigation © 2017 The New York Times Company Contact Us Work With Us Advertise Your Ad Choices Privacy Terms of Service Terms of Sale Site Information Navigation Site Map Help Site Feedback Subscriptions View Mobile Version
NYTimes.com no longer supports Internet Explorer 9 or earlier. Please upgrade your browser. LEARN MORE » Sections Search Skip to content Skip to navigation Subscribe Now Log In 0 Settings English 中文 (Chinese) Español Sunday, January 15, 2017 Today’s Paper Video Quick Site Sections Navigation Sections Search World U.S. Politics N.Y. Business Business Opinion Opinion Tech Science Health Sports Sports Arts Arts Style Style Food Food Travel Magazine T Magazine Real Estate all Close search Site Search Navigation Search NYTimes.com Clear this text input Go Site Navigation Site Mobile Navigation Top News The 45th President Trump’s E.P.A. Pick Backed Industry Donors Over Regulators By ERIC LIPTON and CORAL DAVENPORT If confirmed by the Senate, Scott Pruitt could be in charge of policing industries that have long helped advance his political career. His antipathy to federal regulation in many ways defined his tenure as Oklahoma’s chief law enforcement officer.  Comments What Do You Think Senators Should Ask Mr. Pruitt in His Confirmation Hearing? Trump Team May Eject Press Corps, Alarming Reporters By MICHAEL M. GRYNBAUM 4:23 PM ET Journalists were stunned by reports of a proposal to remove them from the West Wing, a move that would uproot decades of established protocol. Trump News Conference Gets ‘S.N.L.’ Treatment Critic's Notebook Trump, Twitter and the Art of His Deal By AMANDA HESS 3:28 PM ET President-elect Donald J. Trump has always been hooked on recognition. More than ever, tweeting has given him a fitting outlet. ‘All Talk,’ Trump Says in Attack on Civil Rights Icon By MARK LANDLER The president-elect criticized Representative John Lewis of Georgia, one of the original Freedom Riders, on the eve of Martin Luther King Jr. Day. More in Politics When Trump Goes Low, Democrats Ask If They Should, Too In His Last Days, Obama Keeps Up Flurry of Activity In Texas, a Test of Whether Voting Act Still Has Teeth By MANNY FERNANDEZ A federal judge put Pasadena, Tex., under federal oversight after finding that city officials had discriminated against Latino voters. But an appeal is expected. U.K. Set to Choose Sharp Break From European Union By STEVEN ERLANGER Prime Minister Theresa May is said to be opting for a “hard Brexit,” taking Britain out of the European single market and the customs union. British Firms Await Brexit Plans, Poised to Relocate Low-Profile Drug Maker Has Powerful Washington Backers By KATIE THOMAS Representatives Chris Collins and Tom Price and other power players have substantial investments in Innate Immunotherapeutics, an Australian company with no approved drugs. Got a confidential news tip? The New York Times offers several ways to get in touch with and provide materials to our journalists. Learn more. Slide Show Loading... What Michelle Obama Wore and Why It Mattered No one understood the role of fashion, and the potential uses of its power, better than the first lady. By VANESSA FRIEDMAN You Draw It: What Got Better or Worse During Obama’s Presidency Jolted by Deaths, Obama Found His Voice on Race Your Weekend Briefing By KAREN WORKMAN and MERRILL D. OLIVER Here’s what you need to know about the week’s top stories. Journalism that matters. More essential than ever. Subscribe to the Times Smarter Living The Fix How to Get a High-End Kitchen on the Cheap By MICHELLE HIGGINS Sites like Craigslist may be the best way to score expensive appliances at rock-bottom prices. All you need is a little patience. A Short Puzzle to Test Your Memory By JASMINE C. LEE, JENNIFER DANIEL and KEVIN QUEALY A 2,000-year-old technique called the memory palace helped one of our contributors improve his memory. Can it work for you? Wait. Is That Hillary Clinton? Let’s Go Say Hi. By LAURA M. HOLSON Hillary Clinton is popping up in restaurants and at social events around New York City, and being embraced by New Yorkers who seem to want to help her get over her election loss. New York Streets Are Seas of Black as Yellow Cabs Decline By WINNIE HU Facing growing competition from ride-hailing apps, taxis are struggling to remain relevant to a generation of digital-minded New Yorkers. A Camden Address With a Link to Martin Luther King Jr. By ASHLEY ROSS Jeanette Lilly Hunt, 85, said she considered the young “M.L. King” a member of the family when he lived in her home in New Jersey while attending a seminary. N.F.L. Playoffs Live Updates: Packers Down Cowboys in Final Seconds By BENJAMIN HOFFMAN 8:03 PM ET Dallas, which at one point trailed 21-3, tried to match the franchise’s record for biggest comeback in a postseason game, but a last-minute field goal lifted Green Bay to a 34-31 win. Rodgers’s Hometown Celebrity Ends at His Front Door On This the N.F.L. Agrees: Cowboys’ Offensive Line Is No. 1 Leader of Chiefs’ Special Teams Gives the Humble Punt Its Due China’s Wind Turbines Laze, Yet 1 Is Built Every Hour By JAVIER C. HERNÁNDEZ 6:18 PM ET The Jiuquan Wind Power Base epitomizes the country’s ambition to become a global leader in clean energy. It also reflects the deep challenges facing the sector in China. Crime Scene Runaway Teenager Slowly Reveals Tale of Horrors While Away By MICHAEL WILSON Joannie’s case is a familiar one to prosecutors in the Bronx, who see runaway girls advertised for sex on Backpage.com. California Today The news and stories that matter to Californians (and anyone else interested in the state). Sign up to get it by email. The Daily 360 1:33 52 Places to Go: Madagascar Adam B. Ellick/The New York Times. Technology by Samsung. More in The Daily 360 » More News Tony Rosato, of 1981-82 ‘Saturday Night Live’ Cast, Dies at 62 Death Toll From Brazil Prison Riot Reaches 26; Decapitations Are Seen Bahrain Executes 3 Shiites Convicted in Police Attack Ringling Bros. Circus to End Its 146-Year Run UConn Women Rewrite History Again With 91st Win ‘La La Land’ Revives the Movie Musical When a song-and-dance film earns $132 million this fast, others will follow — with Emma Watson, Will Ferrell, Kristen Wiig and Josh Gad, for starters. A True Wonder of Alchemy: Soup Together, water, onions and time turn water into broth, bland into savory and thin into thick. But for those results, process is critical. Lie to Me: Fiction in the Post-Truth Era Like reality-TV fans and some Donald J. Trump supporters, today’s novel readers may recognize the artifice before them but form a bond of “shared culpability.” Sunday Review Opinion Why Trump Can’t Make It 1981 Again By RUCHIR SHARMA Donald Trump says he can bring back the economic growth of the Reagan era. But economic forces won’t let him.  Comments Editorial: The Optimism of Barack Obama Editorial Observer: That Time the K.G.B. Slipped Me Vodka Dowd: Judd Apatow Freaking Out Over Donald Trump Kristof: Kremlin Employee of the Month? News Analysis The Linguistic Labyrinth of Arabic News By BEN HUBBARD Who’s a “rebel”? Which government is “legitimate”? In the Arab world, it depends on which TV channel you watch. Wehner: Eight Was Enough User Subscriptions Tired? Or Fired Up and Ready to Go? Inside Obama’s Final Days Raw Telexes to the Times Home Office From a Civil War Zone Times Insider » Tired? Or Fired Up and Ready to Go? Inside Obama’s Final Days The Crossword » Play Today’s Puzzle The Crossword » Play Today’s Puzzle Wordplay » Come On Along With Us Your Reading List Go to your reading list Find a great read for your list Stories you save are added to your Reading List. Access on any device. Learn More | Send Feedback Weekend Reads The Neediest Cases Maintaining a Sunny Spirit in the Face of Hardship Linda Ragoo, a beneficiary of Neediest Cases, has a variety of health issues that she combats with the laughter that frames her positive personality. In its 105th year, The New York Times Neediest Cases Fund has provided direct assistance to those struggling in New York and beyond. Donate now » From Our Advertisers Loading... timesvideo explore all videos » Video Player Inside Nytimes.com Go to the previous story Go to the next story Asia Pacific Inspired by ‘Downton,’ China’s Rich Hire Butlers Sunday Review Steve Harvey, Who Says I Won’t Steal Your Girl? Multimedia/Photos The Golden Era of New York Street Protests Music Podcast: Hip-Hop’s Elders Battle Its Youth (Again) Sunday Review Ivanka Trump’s Dangerous Fake Feminism She is selling us traditional femininity and support of male power in a feminist bow, writes Jill Filipovic. Travel Las Vegas Works to Charm Asian Travelers Music Review: First Concert at New Hall in Germany Sunday Review Notebook: That Time the K.G.B. Slipped Me Vodka The Trump dossier-related talk of “kompromat” and “dezinformatsiya” has been a blast from what was thought to be a distant past. Travel A London Restaurant Shifts to a Simpler Fare Book Review A Posthumous Memoir by Coretta Scott King Sunday Review Letters: Haunted by Vietnam Times Insider Telexes to The Times From a Civil War Zone Sections World » It Can Power a Small Nation. But This Wind Farm in China Is Mostly Idle. U.K. Set to Choose Sharp Break From European Union Rich Chinese, Inspired by ‘Downton,’ Fuel Demand for Butlers Business Day » With Guilty Plea, Takata Clears Way for a Likely Global Rescue Will a ‘Slap in the Face’ From Voters Revive Davos Agenda, or Daze It? How Davos Brings the Global Elite Together Opinion » Exposures: At Home With Barack and Michelle Editorial: The Optimism of Barack Obama Maureen Dowd: Judd Apatow Freaking Out Over Donald Trump U.S. » One Hand on Light Switch, Obama Isn’t Flipping to ‘Off’ Just Yet In Texas, a Test of Whether the Voting Rights Act Still Has Teeth Scott Pruitt, Trump’s E.P.A. Pick, Backed Industry Donors Over Regulators Technology » The Other Kushner Brother’s Big Bet N.S.A. Gets More Latitude to Share Intercepted Communications Tech Fix: The Guide to Being an Airbnb Superhost Arts » Hot on the Trail of ‘La La Land,’ Here Come More Movie Musicals Critic's Notebook: Trump, Twitter and the Art of His Deal Reader's Notebook: Lie to Me: Fiction in the Post-Truth Era Politics » On Washington: ‘Repeal and Replace’: Words Still Hanging Over G.O.P.’s Health Care Strategy One Hand on Light Switch, Obama Isn’t Flipping to ‘Off’ Just Yet When He Goes Low, They Go … Where? Democrats Mull How to Confront Trump Fashion & Style » Critic's Notebook: What Michelle Obama Wore and Why It Mattered Wait. Is That Hillary Clinton? Let’s Go Say Hi. Critic's Notebook: The Last Jeweler on the Ponte Vecchio Movies » Hot on the Trail of ‘La La Land,’ Here Come More Movie Musicals ‘Patriots Day’ Disconnect Between Bostonians and the Rest of Us Anatomy of a Scene: Theodore Melfi Narrates a Scene From ‘Hidden Figures’ New York » A Camden Address With a Link to Martin Luther King Jr. Yellow Cab, Long a Fixture of City Life, Is for Many a Thing of the Past Crime Scene: Runaway Teenager Slowly Reveals Tale of Horrors While Away Sports » N.F.L. Playoffs: Packers Beat Cowboys on Last-Second Field Goal Aaron Rodgers Connects With His Hometown, but the Family Huddle Is Broken On Pro Football: Three Scores, and Dissatisfaction, for a Patriots Back Theater » For Early ‘Jersey Boys’ Investors, Oh, What a Run What August Wilson Means Now From Nosebleed Seats to the Stage, Actors Discuss August Wilson Science » SpaceX Launches Rocket, Its First Since Explosion on Launchpad Trilobites: Sometimes Nature is Morbid. That’s Why There’s #BestCarcass. Trilobites: For the First Time, a Ruby Sea Dragon Flaunts in Front of the Camera Obituaries » Antony Armstrong-Jones, Photographer and Earl of Snowdon, Dies at 86 William Peter Blatty, Author of ‘The Exorcist,’ Dies at 89 Buddy Greco, Singer Who Had That Swing, Dies at 90 Television » Donald Trump News Conference Gets the ‘S.N.L.’ Treatment Review: A Transfer of Power in ‘Homeland.’ Situation Normal, for Now. Review: Thoroughly Modern ‘Victoria,’ Still Nursing That Crush Health » Study Maps ‘Uniquely Devastating’ Genital Injuries Among Troops Public Health: The Biggest Changes Obamacare Made, and Those That May Disappear The Weekly Health Quiz: Smartphones and Smart Dogs Travel » Where I Live: Where I Live: Washington, D.C. Muse: How to Use a Novel as a Guidebook 36 Hours: 36 Hours in Charleston, S.C. Books » Reader's Notebook: Lie to Me: Fiction in the Post-Truth Era Nonfiction: Is Edward Snowden a Spy? A New Book Calls Him One. Nonfiction: Kareem Abdul-Jabbar on Two Books About Muslim Identity Education » Donations Pour In to Band From Black College That Will Play at Inauguration Cost of College: Programs That Are Predatory: It’s Not Just the For-Profit Colleges Justices Face ‘Blizzard of Words’ in Special Education Case Food » City Kitchen: Make Cauliflower and Broccoli More Compelling One Cookie, 2 Versions: Why Girl Scout S’mores Won’t All Be the Same The Pour: 20 Wines Under $20: Reds for Winter Moods and Foods Sunday Review » Opinion: No Racial Barrier Left to Break (Except All of Them) Editorial: The Optimism of Barack Obama Maureen Dowd: Judd Apatow Freaking Out Over Donald Trump Real Estate » When the Downstairs Neighbor Is a Bar The Right Time to Sell Is Anytime On the Market: Homes for Sale in Brooklyn and Manhattan The Upshot » Public Health: The Biggest Changes Obamacare Made, and Those That May Disappear Cost of College: Programs That Are Predatory: It’s Not Just the For-Profit Colleges Public Health: Obamacare Repeal Is Moving Forward. When Will Changes Affect Consumers? Magazine » Feature: President Duterte’s List First Words: I Know How It Feels to Be Someone’s ‘Token.’ I’m Sure Ben Carson Does, Too. Feature: Neanderthals Were People, Too Automobiles » 3 Takata Executives Face Criminal Charges Over Exploding Airbags E.P.A. Accuses Fiat Chrysler of Secretly Violating Emissions Standards Driven: The Volvo S90 Is Very Swedish, and Very Appealing T Magazine » Gosha Rubchinskiy’s Russian Men’s Wear Show A String Quartet Concert, With an A.I. Assist My Bookshelf, Myself: My 10 Favorite Books: Asif Kapadia Times Insider » Save the Date: Feb. 7: Will Shortz: Meet the Puzzle Master! The Robot That Performed My Kidney Transplant Declined to Be Interviewed Talk to The Times: Should Celebrities Use Their Platforms to Express Political Opinions? Real Estate » Ask Real Estate What to Do if the Seller Backs Out By RONDA KAYSEN If a buyer backs out of a contract, the deposit is lost. But what recourse does the buyer have if the seller wants out? More Articles in the Series Search for Homes for Sale or Rent Sell Your Home Most Emailed Most Viewed Trending Recommended for you Loading... Go to Home Page » Site Index The New York Times Site Index Navigation News World U.S. Politics N.Y. Business Tech Science Health Sports Education Obituaries Today's Paper Corrections Opinion Today's Opinion Op-Ed Columnists Editorials Contributing Writers Op-Ed Contributors Opinionator Letters Sunday Review Taking Note Room for Debate Public Editor Video: Opinion Arts Today's Arts Art & Design Books Dance Movies Music N.Y.C. Events Guide Television Theater Video: Arts Living Automobiles Crossword Food Education Fashion & Style Health Jobs Magazine N.Y.C. Events Guide Real Estate T Magazine Travel Weddings & Celebrations Listings & More Classifieds Tools & Services Times Topics Public Editor N.Y.C. Events Guide Blogs Multimedia Photography Video NYT Store Times Journeys Subscribe Manage My Account Subscribe Subscribe Home Delivery Digital Subscriptions Times Insider Crossword Email Newsletters Alerts Gift Subscriptions Corporate Subscriptions Education Rate Mobile Applications Replica Edition Site Information Navigation © 2017 The New York Times Company Contact Us Work With Us Advertise Your Ad Choices Privacy Terms of Service Terms of Sale Site Information Navigation Site Map Help Site Feedback Subscriptions View Mobile Version
Politics | Arts & Entertainment | Style & Design | Business & Technology | Search for: Submit Observer Politics National New York New Jersey International Editorials Arts & Entertainment Art Movies Music Performing Arts TV Style & Design Fashion Food & Drink Health & Wellness Home Design Real Estate Travel Business & Technology Deals Innovators Internet Culture Media Startups Subscribe to Newsletters Opinion Cory Booker’s Bogus Excuse Betrays Progressives Senator votes against amendment, showing loyalty lies with donors By Michael Sainato • 01/13/17 8:00am U.S. Sen. Cory Booker on Capitol Hill in Washington, DC. Alex Wong/Getty Images If Sen. Cory Booker was serious about making a bid for the presidency in 2020, as several pundits have speculated, then he just put a huge dent in his odds of winning. Booker was one of 13 Democrats who voted against an amendment Bernie Sanders proposed that would allow pharmacists to import identical, but much cheaper, prescription drugs from Canada and other countries. In contrast, 10 Republicans voted in favor of the amendment, including Senator Ted Cruz and Senator John McCain. “Millions cannot afford the medicine they desperately need, but at the same time the drug companies make out like bandits and their CEOs earn exorbitant compensation packages,” said Senator Sanders on the Senate Floor on January 11. “We are the only major country not to negotiate drug prices with the pharmaceutical industry. You could walk into a drugstore today and the price could be double or three times what you paid a year ago, and there is no law to stop them. They can and they will raise prices as high as the market will allow. And if people die as a result of that, not a problem for them. People get sick, not a problem for them.” Sanders‘ supporters started a movement on social media to flood the Democratic Senators who voted against the bill with phone calls to vocalize their disdain with this trend of establishment Democrats siding with their donors over the working and middle class. Booker, Sen. Bob Casey, and other Democrats who voted “no” claimed that the amendment didn’t have drug safety provisions, but this claim is misleading because the amendment paves the way for future legislation that would have those safety provisions. They bet on ignorance of that nuance to escape the PR disaster the Democrats who voted against the amendment now find themselves in. Booker is one of the top recipients of campaign donations from the pharmaceutical industry, and these donations played a major role in helping him win his 2013 election. Merck & Co, Johnson & Johnson, Novo Nordisk, Novartis, and other big pharmaceutical companies have poured money into Booker, and the investment paid off with his recent vote. In 2013, the Guardian called Booker, “a neoliberal egomaniac who sees government as nothing more than a charity for billionaires and corporations to support as they please.” Booker certainly lived up to that definition by sabotaging this progressive amendment. Up NextHotshot Banker Writes Slashing Yelp Review of Posh Restaurant; Owner Fires Back Article continues below More from Style & Design Hotshot Banker Writes Slashing Yelp Review of Posh Restaurant; Owner Fires Back Up NextHotshot Banker Writes Slashing Yelp Review of Posh Restaurant; Owner Fires Back Observer About Newsletters Advertise Contact Privacy Terms Powered by WordPress.com VIP
About Us Contact Us Help user name password Client login:    First time user sign up Forgot your login info? Website Directory     Submit Website Search All categoriesAdvertising  GeneralAerospace  GeneralAgriculture  GeneralAirlines  GeneralAmerica - Post 9/11  GeneralApparel  GeneralApple Products  GeneralArchitectural  GeneralArchitecture  ArchitectureArt & Entertainments  Books  Celebrities  Country Music  Dance  Magazines  Movies  Museums  Music  Music Downloads  News & Talk Shows  Performing Arts  Photography  Television  Web SitesArts/Culture  GeneralAuction  GeneralAutomotive  Aftermarket  Classic Autos  Consumer Publications  General  Motorcycle & Bike  Racing  Recreational Vehicle  Repair & Service  Trade PublicationsBlogging & Social Media  Blogging & Social MediaBusiness  Advertising / Marketing  Books  Consumer Research  Direct Marketing  e-Commerce  Entrepreneurs  Finance  Franchise  Human Resources  Insurance  Investment  Management  Markets  Network Marketing  Online Marketing / SEO  Payday Loans  Public Relations  Publications  Real Estate  Retail  Stocks  Supermarkets  Women in BusinessCareers/HR  GeneralChemical  GeneralCoaching / Mentoring  Coaching / MentoringComputers  Apple Products  Databases  Games & Entertainment  General  Hosting  Instruction  Linux / GNU "Open Source"  Macintosh  Microsoft Windows PC  Operating Systems  Programming  Security  Software  Tablet PCs  UtilitiesConstruction  GeneralConsumer  Gifts and Collectibles  Hobbies  Web sites / InternetDesign  Graphic Design  Industrial  WebE-Cigarette  GeneraleCommerce  GeneralEconomy  GeneralEducation  College / University  General  Home Schooling  K-12  Post Graduate  TechnicalElectronics  GeneralEmail Marketing  GeneralEmailWire Press Releases  Press Release TipsEmployment/Careers  GeneralEngineering  GeneralEntertainment  GeneralEnvironment  GeneralEvents / Trade Shows  GeneralFinance  GeneralFood  GeneralFranchise  GeneralFraud / Identity Theft  GeneralGaming  GeneralGovernment  General  Judicial  Law Enforcement  Legislative  Local  National  Public Services  Security  State  TransportationHealthcare  GeneralHome and Family  Banking / Personal Finance  Bereavement / Loss  Home Furnishings / Interiors  Landscaping & Gardening  Marriage / Relationships  Money  Parenting  Payday Loans  Pets  Taxes  Wedding / BridalHome Schooling  GeneralHotels/Resorts  GeneralHousehold  GeneralIndustry  Aerospace / Defense  Agriculture  Apparel / Textiles  Broadcast  Construction / Building  Electrical  Food  Funeral  Healthcare  Leisure / Hospitality  Logistics / Shipping  Manufacturing / Production  Mining / Metals  Oil / Energy  Paper / Forest Products  Plumbing, Heating & AC  Print Media  Printing  Publishing  Radio  Restaurants  Tobacco  ToyInsurance  GeneralInternet/Online  GeneralLegal  GeneralLeisure  GeneralLifestyle  Beauty  Dating / Singles  Diet / Weight Loss  Fashion  Food / Beverage  Health & Fitness  Hotel / Resorts  Pastimes  Restaurants  Retirement  Travel & TourismMachinery  GeneralMaritime  GeneralMedical  Addiction  Allergies  Alternative Medicine  Asthma  Cancer  Cardiology  Chiropractic  Dental  Dermatology  Diabetes  Emergency  Family Medicine  General  General  Geriatrics  Hospitals  Infectious Diseases  Internal Medicine  Managed Care / HMO  Medical Products  Mental Health  Neurology  Nursing  Nutrition  OB / GYN  Pediatrics  Pharmaceuticals  Physical Therapy  Plastic Surgery  Psychology  Radiology / Imaging  Research  Sports Medicine  Surgery  VisionMilitary  GeneralMining/Metals  GeneralMiscellaneous  GeneralNanotechnology  NanotechnologyNon-profit  GeneralOccupational Safety  Occupational SafetyOil/Energy  GeneralOpinion / Editorial  Opinion / EditorialPaper Products  GeneralPaper/Forest  GeneralPharmaceuticals  GeneralPodcasting  Announce  Tools and ServicesPolitics  PoliticsPrint Media  GeneralPublic Utilities  Public UtilitiesPublishing  GeneralRadio  GeneralReal Estate  GeneralReligion  Christian  General  Islam  Jewish  OtherRestaurants  GeneralRetail  GeneralRSS & Content Syndication  RSS & Content SyndicationScience and Research  Science and ResearchSelf-Help / Personal Growth  Self-Help / Personal GrowthShipbuilding  GeneralSociety  African American Interests  Asian Interests  Childrens Issues  Disabled Issues / Disabilities  Gay / Lesbian  Hispanic  Mens Interests  Native American  Senior Citizens  Social Services  Teen Issues/Interests  Womens InterestSoftware  GeneralSports  Baseball  Basketball  Bicycling  Boating / Maritime  Bowling  Boxing  Fishing  Football  Golf  Hockey  Hunting  Martial Arts  Outdoors  Rugby  Soccer  Tennis  Water  Winter/SnowSports/Fitness  GeneralStocks  GeneralSupermarkets  GeneralTechnology  Biotechnology  Computer  Electronics  Enterprise Software  Games  Graphics/Printing/CAD  Hardware / Peripherals  Industrial  Information  Internet  Multimedia  Networking  Public Sector/Government  Robotics  Semiconductor  Software  Telecommunications  WebmastersTelecom  General  WirelessTelevision  GeneralTobacco  GeneralTrade  GeneralTransportation  GeneralTravel  GeneralUtilities  GeneralVolunteer  VolunteerWeather  Weather Home > News By Company > ReportsWeb.com Tweet   Worldwide Solid Tumors Drugs Market 2016 Trend, Analysis and Overview ReportsWeb.com published Solid Tumors Drugs Market from its database. The report covers the market landscape and its growth prospects over the coming years. The report also includes a discussion of the key vendors operating in this market. (EMAILWIRE.COM, January 13, 2017 ) The rising prevalence of various cancers, which has led to innovations and technological advancements, drives the development of new immunotherapy drugs that are more effective than the available drugs to treat solid tumors. Solid tumors are an abnormal mass of tissue that do not contain cysts or liquid areas. These may be malignant (cancerous) or benign (not cancerous). They affect bones, organs, and muscles. Based on the type of the cells, solid tumors can be carcinomas, sarcomas, and lymphomas. Publisher's analysts forecast the global solid tumors drugs market to grow at a CAGR of 8.6% during the period 2016-2020. For more information about this report: http://www.reportsweb.com/global-solid-tumors-drugs-market-2016-2020 Covered in this report The report covers the present scenario and the growth prospects of the global solid tumors drugs market for 2016-2020. To calculate the market size, the report considers revenue generated from the sales of branded drugs, generics, and biosimilars used to treat solid tumors. It also considers the revenues to be generated from the sales of drugs that are anticipated to be launched into the market along with the decline in revenues from the patent expiries of the branded drugs during the forecast period. The market is divided into the following segments based on geography: - Americas - APAC - EMEA Publisher's report, Global Solid Tumors Drugs Market 2016-2020, has been prepared based on an in-depth market analysis with inputs from industry experts. The report covers the market landscape and its growth prospects over the coming years. The report also includes a discussion of the key vendors operating in this market. Key vendors - F. Hoffmann-La Roche - Novartis - Celgene - Johnson & Johnson - Pfizer - BMS Request Sample Copy at http://www.reportsweb.com/inquiry&RW0001303202/sample Other prominent vendors - AbbVie - AbGenomics - ADC Therapeutics - Advantagene - Agensys - Almac Group - Ambrx - Argos Therapeutics - Array BioPharma - Astellas Pharma - AstraZeneca - Bayer - Biogen - Biotech Pharmaceutical - Boehringer Ingelheim - Boston Biomedical - Celldex Therapeutics - Chugai Pharmaceutical - Cold Genesys - CTI BioPharma - Daiichi Sankyo - DNAtrix - Ds-Pharma - Eleison Pharmaceuticals - Eli Lilly - Endo Pharmaceuticals - Formation Biologics - Fortress Biotech - Genmab - GSK - Immatics Biotechnologies - Immunogen - Immunomedics - Intas Pharmaceuticals - Kairos Therapeutics - Kyowa Hakko Kirin - MedImmune - Merck - Mersana Therapeutics - Morphotek - Neovii Biotech - NewLink Genetics - Northwest Biotherapeutics - Novartis - OncoMed Pharmaceuticals - Oxford Biotherapeutics - Peregrine Pharmaceuticals - Polaris Pharmaceuticals - Sanofi - Seattle Genetics - Spectrum Pharmaceuticals - Stemcentrx - Synthon Biopharmaceuticals - TG Therapeutics - XBiotech Inquire for Report at http://www.reportsweb.com/inquiry&RW0001303202/buying Contact Information: ReportsWeb.com Priya Sisodia Tel: +1-646-491-9876 Email us This is a press release. Press release distribution and press release services by EmailWire.Com: http://www.emailwire.com/us-press-release-distribution.php. 
   Search All categoriesAdvertising  GeneralAerospace  GeneralAgriculture  GeneralAirlines  GeneralAmerica - Post 9/11  GeneralApparel  GeneralApple Products  GeneralArchitectural  GeneralArchitecture  ArchitectureArt & Entertainments  Books  Celebrities  Country Music  Dance  Magazines  Movies  Museums  Music  Music Downloads  News & Talk Shows  Performing Arts  Photography  Television  Web SitesArts/Culture  GeneralAuction  GeneralAutomotive  Aftermarket  Classic Autos  Consumer Publications  General  Motorcycle & Bike  Racing  Recreational Vehicle  Repair & Service  Trade PublicationsBlogging & Social Media  Blogging & Social MediaBusiness  Advertising / Marketing  Books  Consumer Research  Direct Marketing  e-Commerce  Entrepreneurs  Finance  Franchise  Human Resources  Insurance  Investment  Management  Markets  Network Marketing  Online Marketing / SEO  Payday Loans  Public Relations  Publications  Real Estate  Retail  Stocks  Supermarkets  Women in BusinessCareers/HR  GeneralChemical  GeneralCoaching / Mentoring  Coaching / MentoringComputers  Apple Products  Databases  Games & Entertainment  General  Hosting  Instruction  Linux / GNU "Open Source"  Macintosh  Microsoft Windows PC  Operating Systems  Programming  Security  Software  Tablet PCs  UtilitiesConstruction  GeneralConsumer  Gifts and Collectibles  Hobbies  Web sites / InternetDesign  Graphic Design  Industrial  WebE-Cigarette  GeneraleCommerce  GeneralEconomy  GeneralEducation  College / University  General  Home Schooling  K-12  Post Graduate  TechnicalElectronics  GeneralEmail Marketing  GeneralEmailWire Press Releases  Press Release TipsEmployment/Careers  GeneralEngineering  GeneralEntertainment  GeneralEnvironment  GeneralEvents / Trade Shows  GeneralFinance  GeneralFood  GeneralFranchise  GeneralFraud / Identity Theft  GeneralGaming  GeneralGovernment  General  Judicial  Law Enforcement  Legislative  Local  National  Public Services  Security  State  TransportationHealthcare  GeneralHome and Family  Banking / Personal Finance  Bereavement / Loss  Home Furnishings / Interiors  Landscaping & Gardening  Marriage / Relationships  Money  Parenting  Payday Loans  Pets  Taxes  Wedding / BridalHome Schooling  GeneralHotels/Resorts  GeneralHousehold  GeneralIndustry  Aerospace / Defense  Agriculture  Apparel / Textiles  Broadcast  Construction / Building  Electrical  Food  Funeral  Healthcare  Leisure / Hospitality  Logistics / Shipping  Manufacturing / Production  Mining / Metals  Oil / Energy  Paper / Forest Products  Plumbing, Heating & AC  Print Media  Printing  Publishing  Radio  Restaurants  Tobacco  ToyInsurance  GeneralInternet/Online  GeneralLegal  GeneralLeisure  GeneralLifestyle  Beauty  Dating / Singles  Diet / Weight Loss  Fashion  Food / Beverage  Health & Fitness  Hotel / Resorts  Pastimes  Restaurants  Retirement  Travel & TourismMachinery  GeneralMaritime  GeneralMedical  Addiction  Allergies  Alternative Medicine  Asthma  Cancer  Cardiology  Chiropractic  Dental  Dermatology  Diabetes  Emergency  Family Medicine  General  General  Geriatrics  Hospitals  Infectious Diseases  Internal Medicine  Managed Care / HMO  Medical Products  Mental Health  Neurology  Nursing  Nutrition  OB / GYN  Pediatrics  Pharmaceuticals  Physical Therapy  Plastic Surgery  Psychology  Radiology / Imaging  Research  Sports Medicine  Surgery  VisionMilitary  GeneralMining/Metals  GeneralMiscellaneous  GeneralNanotechnology  NanotechnologyNon-profit  GeneralOccupational Safety  Occupational SafetyOil/Energy  GeneralOpinion / Editorial  Opinion / EditorialPaper Products  GeneralPaper/Forest  GeneralPharmaceuticals  GeneralPodcasting  Announce  Tools and ServicesPolitics  PoliticsPrint Media  GeneralPublic Utilities  Public UtilitiesPublishing  GeneralRadio  GeneralReal Estate  GeneralReligion  Christian  General  Islam  Jewish  OtherRestaurants  GeneralRetail  GeneralRSS & Content Syndication  RSS & Content SyndicationScience and Research  Science and ResearchSelf-Help / Personal Growth  Self-Help / Personal GrowthShipbuilding  GeneralSociety  African American Interests  Asian Interests  Childrens Issues  Disabled Issues / Disabilities  Gay / Lesbian  Hispanic  Mens Interests  Native American  Senior Citizens  Social Services  Teen Issues/Interests  Womens InterestSoftware  GeneralSports  Baseball  Basketball  Bicycling  Boating / Maritime  Bowling  Boxing  Fishing  Football  Golf  Hockey  Hunting  Martial Arts  Outdoors  Rugby  Soccer  Tennis  Water  Winter/SnowSports/Fitness  GeneralStocks  GeneralSupermarkets  GeneralTechnology  Biotechnology  Computer  Electronics  Enterprise Software  Games  Graphics/Printing/CAD  Hardware / Peripherals  Industrial  Information  Internet  Multimedia  Networking  Public Sector/Government  Robotics  Semiconductor  Software  Telecommunications  WebmastersTelecom  General  WirelessTelevision  GeneralTobacco  GeneralTrade  GeneralTransportation  GeneralTravel  GeneralUtilities  GeneralVolunteer  VolunteerWeather  Weather Advertising | How to contact us | Privacy Statement | EmailWire Press Releases | Partnership Opportunities EmailWire is a press release distribution service of GroupWeb Media LLC. © Copyright GroupWeb Media LLC 2017
