POLITICO Magazine Home Today's Cover Opinion Latest Stories Weekly Email Signups What Works Magazine Magazine Home Today's Cover Opinion Latest Stories Weekly Email Signups What Works Trump Presidency Agriculture Cybersecurity Defense Education eHealth Energy & Environment Finance & Tax Health Care Employment & Immigration Technology Trade Transportation & Infrastructure Policy Agriculture Cybersecurity Defense Education eHealth Energy & Environment Finance & Tax Health Care Employment & Immigration Technology Trade Transportation & Infrastructure PRO Already a Pro? Why Go Pro? Search Search Login Account Details Log In Log Out U.S. Edition Europe Edition POLITICO Media POLITICO Florida POLITICO New Jersey POLITICO New York Menu Sections Congress White House Magazine The Agenda Latest Election Results POLITICO Live POLITICO Live Home Upcoming Events Previous Events About POLITICO Live Multimedia All Video Off Message POLITICO Nerdcast Playback Blogs & Columns Playbook Plus Roger Simon On Media Josh Gerstein Rich Lowry 45 Presidential Tracker Series What Works Women Rule POLITICO Caucus Agenda 2020 The First 100 Days: Trade Connect With Us ‘An Absolutely Crazy Time to Hold a Meeting with the President of the United States’ ‘Real News’ Joins the White House Briefing Room Exclusive: Puzder’s ex-wife told Oprah he threatened ‘you will pay for this’ Trump's trade war with corporate America Trump's military build-up to spark GOP civil war Trump to greet Netanyahu by abandoning '2-state' doctrine Politico Morning Tax An early filing of the day's tax news Subscribe Facebook Twitter Google + Email Print Building out that roster By Bernie Becker 02/13/17 10:00 AM EST REALLY, WHO ARE YOU? It took awhile for a coalition of supporters of the House GOP plan to crop up — and since then it’s taken a little bit longer to get a fuller rundown of the group’s membership. But wait no more: Morning Tax has 21 of the American Made Coalition’s current roster of around 25 members — and growing, according to coalition officials. Those 21: Blue Diamond Growers, Boeing, Caterpillar, Celanese, Celgene, Cook Medical, CoorsTek, Dow Chemical, Eli Lilly, General Electric, Honeywell, Johnson & Johnson, McIlhenny, Merck, Oracle, Pfizer, Qualcomm, Raytheon, S&P Global, United Technologies Corporation, Varian Medical Systems. Story Continued Below There’s definitely some capital-E exporters in that group, like GE, Boeing and Caterpillar, that would certainly benefit from the House’s border adjustment policy that would exempt exports from taxation. But there are also some lesser-known exporters, too, like Blue Diamond — think California almonds. And there’s Pfizer, which became perhaps the poster child for why the federal government needed to do more to stop corporate inversions, and which saw its merger with Allergan scuttled by the Treasury’s so-called “serial inverter” rules. Proponents of the House GOP plan say it would take away the incentive for those offshore deals. “Our coalition members represent exporters and importers, both small and large companies stretched across nearly every sector of the economy,” said John Gentzel, a spokesman for the group. WELCOME TO A NEW WEEK, and we’d like to wish a happy birthday to Toddler Tax, who turned two over the weekend, and to Brother Tax, who’s celebrating a slightly larger number than that today. On this day in 2004, the Harvard-Smithsonian Center for Astrophysics announced it had found a white dwarf star that doubled as a diamond that weighs 10 billion trillion trillion carats — named Lucy, after The Beatles’ song “Lucy in the Sky with Diamonds.” What’s going on out there? Email: bbecker@politico.com, teckert@politico.com, bfaler@politico.com, cwilhelm@politico.com. Twitter: @berniebecker3, @tobyeckert, @brian_faler, @colinwilhelm, @POLITICOPro and @Morning_Tax. DRIVING MONDAY: The Senate is expected to confirm Steven Mnuchin, formerly of Goldman Sachs and a producer of dozens of movies, to be Treasury secretary on Monday evening. The Wall Street Journal notes that Mnuchin having to wait more than three weeks into President Donald Trump’s term for confirmation, and the expected narrow margin in the Senate, could put him behind the eight-ball a bit, with the National Economic Council’s Gary Cohn playing “an increasingly influential role.” (More on Cohn below.) A SWISS MISS: Swiss voters were having none of a proposal to revamp how the country taxes corporations on Sunday, in what our European colleague Silvia Sciorilli Borrelli called an unexpected outcome. The proposed new regime would have brought a country not exactly known for financial transparency more in line with global norms, by getting rid of a perk for multinationals that gave them incentives for making their money elsewhere and still headquartering in Switzerland. But three in five Swiss voters rejected the plan, which some on the left thought was still tilted too much toward business and would leave the country strapped for revenue. So what are the Swiss to do now? Apparently, there’s not much of a Plan B. The Wall Street Journal: “Swiss finance minister Ueli Maurer said at a press conference Sunday that Switzerland is committed to changing its corporate tax system but that there isn’t much wiggle room to revise the plan that was voted down. He said it was unlikely now that a new program will be in place by January 2019, which is when the tax overhaul was slated to go into effect.” NAVIGATING THE BAT: David Perdue, a former retail executive, has certainly been among the more strident critics among Senate Republicans of the House’s tax reform plan and especially its border adjustment framework. But like a fair number of Georgia Republicans before him, Perdue is also a big fan of the FairTax, a version of which he introduced in his first 10 days in the Senate. What’s interesting there is that the FairTax, which would junk all current federal taxes in place of a national sales tax, also uses a border adjustment. Megan Whittemore, a spokeswoman for Perdue, said the two situations weren’t really comparable, telling Morning Tax that the FairTax “would be an entirely new tax system that eliminates personal, corporate, and payroll taxes altogether. The current tax rewrite before Congress adds a new layer of tax complexity on top of the existing system as opposed to a simplification of the whole thing.” But Kyle Pomerleau of the Tax Foundation wasn’t buying that argument, saying the border adjustment served basically the same function in both plans. Perdue wrote last week that the House plan would lead to lower economic growth and higher price tags for consumers. But Pomerleau, whose group has had some nice things to say about the House plan and the border adjustment framework, told Morning Tax in an email that “the economics are the same, so most of his criticisms apply to the FairTax as well.” WHAT ABOUT THE HOUSE? The Republican Study Committee, the large group of House conservatives, isn’t close to reaching a consensus on border adjustability, Bloomberg BNA’s Aaron Lorenzo reports. Rep. Mark Walker (R-N.C.), the group’s chairman, said “it’s probably the most all-over-the-map discussion we had” at a meeting in New York last week. House Ways and Means Chairman Kevin Brady (R-Texas) is himself an RSC member. THE DOOR REVOLVES: Rep. Tom Price’s departure from Congress to take over as Health and Human Services secretary is just the latest personnel move at the House Ways and Means Committee — at a time when the panel is seeking once-in-a-generation type goals, Pro Tax’s Brian Faler reports. There are already three GOP tax writers in the House (Sam Johnson, Lynn Jenkins and Kristi Noem) who have announced they won’t be coming back after this Congress, and more departures could be on the way. The downsides of having new members on the committee when chasing tax reform seem pretty clear, but Brian writes there are potential upsides as well — like newer members being more flexible, or having different perspectives. Also of note: The House GOP steering committee will meet Tuesday to decide Price’s replacement. Rep. Mike Bishop (R-Mich.) has been among the names discussed for that opening. ABOUT THAT REPATRIATION: It’s hard to escape that Cohn is getting a lot of press these days. Bloomberg recently examined Cohn’s lead role in crafting Trump’s tax plan, which is expected in the next couple weeks. Cohn has suggested using a lower tax rate on offshore corporate profits to help pay for Trump’s infrastructure ambitions. For whatever it’s worth, Stat News noted recently that the pharmaceutical industry didn’t exactly follow through on its vow to create American jobs through the repatriation holiday enacted during the George W. Bush administration. Pharma did the opposite, actually, according to a report from the Permanent Subcommittee on Investigations back when former Sen. Carl Levin (D-Mich.) was heading the panel. The findings included this tally from Pfizer: $35.5 billion repatriated, $13 billion in increased payouts to executives and almost 12,000 jobs lost over three years. RECONCILING WHAT? Stan Collender, the former longtime budget aide in the House and Senate, doesn’t see good tidings coming out of the House and Senate’s plans to use budget reconciliation to quash Obamacare and overhaul the tax code. In short, Collender writes at Forbes that Republicans are already facing a time crunch — they’ve got around three months to finish off their Affordable Care Act work, or the timeline starts to crumble. INTERNATIONAL UPDATE BAD TIDINGS AT MOSSACK FONSECA: Jurgen Mossack and Ramon Fonseca, the founding lawyers of the firm at the center of the Panama Papers, are being detained in Panama after being indicted on money-laundering charges, Reuters reports. Panama’s attorney general said that the authorities’ investigation “allegedly identifies the Panamanian firm as a criminal organization that is dedicated to hiding assets or money from suspicious origins.” STATE NEWS GETTING SERIOUS: It’s not just about the wine in Sonoma County, Calif. The Santa Rosa Press-Democrat reports that voters in the county are grappling with how to vote on a “cannabis business tax” to help ease the cost of implementing legal pot. “An approved tax, at the proposed initial rates would generate $6.3 million a year from cannabis businesses outside city limits. County officials say the funding is critical to usher the pot industry out of the legal shadows,” Guy Kovner reports. QUICK LINKS Did Trump back a Democratic bill that would take away federal contracts from companies that send jobs offshore. The Washington Post’s Wonkblog goes deep on border adjustability. The Prosperity Caucus’ role in tax reform. North Carolina tax appraisers place the value of Asheville’s Biltmore House at almost $300 million. DID YOU KNOW? The Gulf of Fonseca gives Honduras its only direct access to the Pacific Ocean. « View Archives Authors: Bernie Becker bbecker@politico.com About The Author Bernie Becker is a tax reporter for POLITICO Pro, where he is primarily responsible for writing the Morning Tax tipsheet. He previously covered taxes for The Hill, and was an editorial assistant for The New York Times in Washington. A native of Martinsville, Va., Becker has degrees from the College of William and Mary and the University of Maryland. He now lives in Northwest D.C. with his wife and young daughter. His hobbies include running, reading history books, eating spicy food and watching his daughter chase his cat. Most Read FBI releases files on Trump apartments' race discrimination probe in '70s Trump to take breather from White House, hold rally this weekend Trump blames ‘fake media’ for treating Flynn ‘very unfairly’ Trump, asked about anti-Semitism, brags about election victory Poll: Trump trails generic Democrat, but not Warren, in 2020 ‘Real News’ Joins the White House Briefing Room ‘An Absolutely Crazy Time to Hold a Meeting with the President of the United States’ Fallon responds to Trump: He's trying to distract from 'very serious allegations' about Russia Congress blocks rule barring mentally impaired from guns House intel chairman dismisses call for expanded Russia probe Morning Tax - POLITICO Archive Wednesday, 2/15/17 Tuesday, 2/14/17 Monday, 2/13/17 Friday, 2/10/17 Thursday, 2/9/17 View the Full Morning Tax Archives » Politico Magazine Congress Needs to Investigate the Flynn Case By Rich Lowry Does Kicking Out Mexicans Create Jobs? By Michael A. Clemens Dear Baby Donald: Leaks Are as American as Apple Pie By Jack Shafer The Mystery of Trump’s Man in Moscow By Julia Ioffe More on POLITICO Core Footer - dropdown links U.S. Edition Europe Edition POLITICO Links News POLITICO Home Magazine 2016 Elections Congress Inauguration 2017 Video POLITICO Pro POLITICO Media POLITICO Florida POLITICO New Jersey POLITICO New York Events Blogs, Columns & Cartoons Roger Simon On Media Josh Gerstein Matt Wuerker Rich Lowry Cartoon Carousel Tipsheets The 2016 Blast Playbook Huddle The Friday Cover Influence Morning Agriculture Morning Cybersecurity Morning Defense Morning Education Morning eHealth Morning Energy Morning Money Morning Score Morning Shift Morning Tax Morning Tech Morning Trade Morning Transportation Pulse Prescription Pulse Policy Agriculture Campaigns Cybersecurity Defense Education eHealth Energy & Environment Finance & Tax Health Care Employment & Immigration Technology Trade Transportation & Infrastructure More Info About Us Advertising Breaking News Alerts Credit Card Payments Digital Edition Employment FAQ Feedback Headlines Photos POWERJobs Press Register Print Subscriptions RSS/Widgets Site Map Store © 2017 POLITICO LLC Terms of Service Privacy Policy
Skip to content MilTech pr@satprnews.com Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 13 February 2017 by Military News Global Adult Vaccines Market Analysis and Forecast 2021 by Size, Share and Growth Rate The adult vaccines market has been forecasted to increase at a compound annual growth rate (CAGR) of around 6% over the next five years. Adults are as likely as children to die from diseases that they can be immunized. For example, vaccination can prevent about 50% of deaths from pneumococcal disease and 80% of deaths from influenza-related complications in the elderly. Adult vaccines continue to be one of the growing segment for pharmaceutical companies. The driving factors for adult vaccines growth are an increasing acceptance of adult vaccines and the public health focus on flu prevention, as well as introductions of new vaccines. The vaccines industry also faces hindrances such as vaccine safety, shortages and delays, vaccine development time line as well as entry barriers for new manufacturers. Browse the report: http://www.orbisresearch.com/reports/index/global-adult-vaccines-market-company-analysis-and-forecast-to-2021 Adult Vaccines Market – Disease Wise Analysis The influenza vaccines capture maximum share of the total adult vaccines market. It is the most popular and accepted vaccination amongst adults. The hepatitis vaccines account for second highest share of the total adult vaccines market in 2015. The HPV/cervical cancer vaccines and pneumococcal vaccines captures the third and fourth highest share of the adult vaccines market respectively in 2015. While vaccines for zoster shingles and DTP are also gaining ground in adult vaccines market landscape. Adult Vaccines Market – Company Analysis Note: Novartis divested its non-influenza vaccine business to GlaxoSmithKline (GSK) and CSL acquired Novartis influenza vaccines business. Request a sample of the report: http://www.orbisresearch.com/contacts/request-sample/175229 In 2010, GSK was the leader in the adult vaccines market but it lost the leadership position to Merck. Sanofi Pasteur stands at the second position in the adult vaccines market landscape. GSK slipped to third position in the global adult vaccines market in 2014. While Pfizer stands at the fourth spot in the adult vaccines market landscape. Adult Vaccines Market – Disease Wise Company Sales Analysis GSK generates maximum adult vaccines sales from Hepatitis and DTP vaccines, while Sanofi Pasteur remains focused on maintaining its leadership in the influenza vaccines market. The cervical cancer and zoster shingles vaccines contributes maximum share of the total Merck adult vaccines sales. Novartis main source of adult vaccines sales revenue is the influenza vaccines. In 2011, Sanofi Pasteur replaced GSK and became the dominant player in the influenza vaccines landscape, while in the cervical cancer vaccines market, Merck is at the forefront and is expected to maintain its dominancy over a longer period of time. GSK is the clear leader in hepatitis vaccines market. Buy the report@http://www.orbisresearch.com/contact/purchase/175229 Adult Vaccines Market – Regional Distribution On a regional basis, the United States comprises the single largest market for adult vaccines being closely followed by Europe. Japan’s adult vaccines market share is expected to remain flat during the forecasting period, while China’s adult vaccines market is likely to show continuous growth. South America and India are competing closely with each other to grab maximum share of the adult vaccines market pie. This is the 2nd edition report on Adult Vaccines Market by iGATE RESEARCH. The report titled “Global – Adult Vaccines Market, Company Analysis and Forecast to 2021” is a 239 Page report with 141 Figures and 12 Tables. This report studies in detail the adult vaccines market disease wise, company wise sales analysis and strategic alliances, mergers and acquisitions along with growth drivers and hindrances for the vaccines market landscape. The 9 Diseases covered in the report are analyzed from four viewpoints: 1. Adult Vaccines Market (2007 – 2021) 2. Number of Adults Vaccinated (2007 – 2021) 3. Number of Doses (2007 – 2021) 4. Company Sales Share (2010 – 2021) The 7 Companies covered in the report are analyzed from two viewpoints: 1. Disease Wise – Adult Vaccines Sales (2007 – 2021) 2. Strategic Alliances The 8 Region covered in the report are analyzed from one viewpoint: 1. Adult Vaccines Market (2011 – 2021) Global Adult Vaccines Market, Number of Adults Vaccinated and Doses – Disease Wise Analysis to 2021 (9 Disease Analysed) 1. Influenza 2. Cervical Cancer 3. Zoster Shingles 4. Pneumococcal 5. Meningococcal 6. MMRV 7. Hepatitis 8. DTP 9. Travel and Miscellaneous Global Adult Vaccines Market – Company Analysis to 2021 (7 Companies Analysed) 1. GlaxoSmithKline 2. Sanofi Pasteur 3. Merck 4. Novartis 5. Pfizer 6. bioCSL (Seqirus) 7. Protein Sciences 8. Other Companies Global Adult Vaccines Market – Regional Distribution to 2021 (8 Region Analysed) 1. United States 2. North America/Caribbean 3. South America 4. Europe 5. Japan 6. India 7. China 8. Rest of the World About Us: Orbis Research (orbisresearch.com) is a single point aid for all your market research requirements. We have vast database of reports from the leading publishers and authors across the globe. We specialize in delivering customized reports as per the requirements of our clients. We have complete information about our publishers and hence are sure about the accuracy of the industries and verticals of their specialization. This helps our clients to map their needs and we produce the perfect required market research study for our clients. Contact Information: Hector Costello Senior Manager – Client Engagements 4144N Central Expressway, Suite 600, Dallas, Texas – 75204, U.S.A. Phone No.: +1 (214) 884-6817; +9164101019 Email: sales@orbisresearch.com CategoriesUncategorized TagsBusiness, capture, Companies, company, Electronics, Global Adult Vaccines Market, Global Adult Vaccines Market Forecast, Global Adult Vaccines Market Share, Global Adult Vaccines Market Size, Global Adult Vaccines Market Trends, Google News, Health, Industry, Machinery, Manufacturing and Construction, Markets, satPRnews, Travel, World Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Konecranes fick beställning på fyra RMG-kranar från Virginia Port Authority, USA Next PostNext Konecranes signs contract with Virginia Port Authority of the USA for 4 Cantilever RMG cranes Search our contacts Search for: Search Recent Posts Notable Wednesday Option Activity: ASPS, GME, RCII Noteworthy Wednesday Option Activity: VSI, NFLX, EIGI Notable Wednesday Option Activity: DXCM, PBPB, STMP Notable Wednesday Option Activity: BG, SSTK, GLPI Noteworthy Wednesday Option Activity: BCC, LE, HIVE Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech pr@satprnews.com Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 13 February 2017 by Military News Veterinary Vaccines Market Size, Analysis, Trends, Report, Share, Investment Opportunities and Forecast To 2022 Stratistics MRC, one stop shop for all your market research needs. According to Stratistics MRC, the Global Veterinary Vaccines market is accounted for $5.4 billion in 2015 and is expected to reach $9.1 billion by 2022 growing at a CAGR of 7.7% from 2015 to 2022. Factors such as increasing foodborne and zoonotic diseases, global consumption of meat and milk products, increasing animal bites, increasing husbandry practices and improved veterinary vaccines delivery systems will propel market growth. Intense competition from cheaper generic substitutes, increasing adoption of vegetarian diet and strict regulations for product approval will hinder market growth. Order a copy at http://www.strategymrc.com/report/veterinary-vaccines-market-2016 The DNA vaccine amongst product segment is anticipated to show high growth rate during forecast period, due to innovations in vaccination technology.  Foot & mouth disease accounted for the highest market share in disease type. A veterinary clinic in distribution channel segment is expected to witness significant growth during the forecast period. Europe is the leading market for Veterinary Vaccines followed by North America.  Asia Pacific region is expected to grow at fastest rate. Some of the key players in global Veterinary Vaccines market are Bayer Healthcare, Biogenesis Bago, Boehringer Ingelheim ,Ceva Animal Health, Diamond Animal Healthcare (Heska), Elanco Animal Health (Eli Lilly), Heska Corporation, Indian Immunological Ltd., Merck Animal Health, Merial Inc. (Sanofi), Vetoquinol, Virbac Ltd. and Zoetis. Request for a sample at http://www.strategymrc.com/report/veterinary-vaccines-market-2016 Scope of the Report: Products Covered: • Attenuated Live Vaccines  • Conjugate Vaccines  • DNA Vaccines • Inactivated Vaccines  • Recombinant Vaccines  • Subunit Vaccines  • Toxoid Vaccines Disease Types Covered: • Companion Animal Diseases o Feline Disease o Canine Vaccines • Poultry Diseases o Avian Influenza o Coccidiosis o Gumboro Disease o Infectious Bronchitis o Marek’s Disease o Mycoplasma o Newcastle Disease o Other Poultry Diseases • Porcine Diseases o Auzeszky’s Disease o Porcine Circovirus II o Porcine Parvovirus o Porcine Reproductive Respiratory Syndrome (PRRS) o Swine Influenza o Swine Pneumonia o Other Porcine Diseases • Equine Diseases o Equine Encephalomyelitis o Equine Influenza o Equine Rhinopneumonitis o Strangles o Tetanus o Other Equine Diseases • Livestock Diseases o Bovine Disease o Small Ruminant Animal Disease • Aquaculture Diseases o Furunculosis o Pasteurellosis o Vibriosis o Other Aquaculture Diseases • Other Animal Diseases Distribution Channels Covered: • Veterinary Hospitals • Veterinary Clinics • Retail pharmacies • Veterinary Research institutes • Other Distribution Channels Regions Covered: • North America o US o Canada o Mexico • Europe o Germany o France o Italy o UK  o Spain      o Rest of Europe  • Asia Pacific o Japan        o China        o India        o Australia        o New Zealand       o Rest of Asia Pacific       • Rest of the World o Middle East o Brazil o Argentina o South Africa o Egypt What our report offers: – Market share assessments for the regional and country level segments – Market share analysis of the top industry players – Strategic recommendations for the new entrants – Market forecasts for a minimum of 7 years of all the mentioned segments, sub segments and the regional markets – Market Trends (Drivers, Constraints, Opportunities, Threats, Challenges, Investment Opportunities, and recommendations) – Strategic recommendations in key business segments based on the market estimations – Competitive landscaping mapping the key common trends – Company profiling with detailed strategies, financials, and recent developments – Supply chain trends mapping the latest technological advancements Follow us on LinkedIn:  https://www.linkedin.com/company/stratistics-market-research-consulting-pvt-ltd?trk=mini-profile Follow us on Twitter: https://twitter.com/StratisticsMRC About Stratistics MRC We offer wide spectrum of research and consulting services with in-depth knowledge of different industries. We are known for customized research services, consulting services and Full Time Equivalent (FTE) services in the research world. We explore the market trends and draw our insights with valid assessments and analytical views. We use advanced techniques and tools among the quantitative and qualitative methodologies to identify the market trends. Our research reports and publications are routed to help our clients to design their business models and enhance their business growth in the competitive market scenario. We have a strong team with hand-picked consultants including project managers, implementers, industry experts, researchers, research evaluators and analysts with years of experience in delivering the complex projects. For more information, please visit Stratistics Market Research Consulting Pvt Ltd Media Contact Company Name: Stratistics Market Research Consulting Contact Person: James Lamb Email: Send Email Phone: +1-301-202-5929 City: Gaithersburg State: Maryland Country: United States Website: www.strategymrc.com CategoriesUncategorized TagsBusiness, Companies, company, Health, Health & Medicine, Industry, Markets, Pharmaceuticals & Biotech, Technology, U.S., World Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Barrier Helps Curb Illegal Camping and Dumping Next PostNext “American Dream” music video from Bob Pressner portraying the divisiveness of America under the Trump presidency hits #1 on YouTube Search our contacts Search for: Search Recent Posts Notable Wednesday Option Activity: ASPS, GME, RCII Noteworthy Wednesday Option Activity: VSI, NFLX, EIGI Notable Wednesday Option Activity: DXCM, PBPB, STMP Notable Wednesday Option Activity: BG, SSTK, GLPI Noteworthy Wednesday Option Activity: BCC, LE, HIVE Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech pr@satprnews.com Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 13 February 2017 by Military News Global Insulin Biosimilars Market 2017 Share, Trend, Segmentation and Forecast to 2022 Global Insulin Biosimilars market is accounted for $xx million in 2015 and is expected to reach $xx million by 2022 growing at a CAGR of xx% from 2015 to 2022 PUNE , MAHARASHTRA, INDIA, February 13, 2017 /EINPresswire.com/ — Insulin Biosimilars Industry Description Wiseguyreports.Com Adds “Insulin Biosimilars -Market Demand, Growth, Opportunities and analysis of Top Key Player Forecast to 2022” To Its Research Database According to Stratistics MRC, the Global Insulin Biosimilars market is accounted for $xx million in 2015 and is expected to reach $xx million by 2022 growing at a CAGR of xx% from 2015 to 2022. Growing pervasiveness of type 1 diabetes and ongoing approvals by the government authorities are nurturing the market growth. Some drivers such as growing population exposures, technological developments and favorable medical repayment scenario in developed countries are poised to favour the market growth. However, patent protection rights of Insulin and strong vengeance from the key manufacturers are some of the restraints limiting the market. North America led the insulin biosimilars market due to rising demand for insulin in the region. Europe is anticipated to account for second largest share and Asia Pacific is expected to grow at a fastest rate during the forecast period. APAC players are competing on the basis of price and have pool of patients affected by diabetes, thus fueling the market growth. Request for Sample Report @ https://www.wiseguyreports.com/sample-request/731610-insulin-biosimilars-global-market-outlook-2016-2022 Some of the key players operating in the market include Eli Lilly & Co., Boehringer Ingelheim, Merck & Co., Pfizer Inc., Biocon, Mylan N.V., Merck & Co., Pfizer Inc., Sanofi S.A., Ypsomed AG, NOVO Nordisk A/S and Wockhardt Limited. Disease Indications Covered: • Type I Diabetes • Type II Diabetes Biosimilars Types Covered: • Long-Acting Biosimilars • Premixed Biosimilars • Rapid-Acting Biosimilars Leave a Query @ https://www.wiseguyreports.com/enquiry/731610-insulin-biosimilars-global-market-outlook-2016-2022 Regions Covered: • North America o US o Canada o Mexico • Europe o Germany o France o Italy o UK o Spain o Rest of Europe • Asia Pacific o Japan o China o India o Australia o New Zealand o Rest of Asia Pacific • Rest of the World o Middle East o Brazil o Argentina o South Africa o Egypt What our report offers: – Market share assessments for the regional and country level segments – Market share analysis of the top industry players – Strategic recommendations for the new entrants – Market forecasts for a minimum of 7 years of all the mentioned segments, sub segments and the regional markets – Market Trends (Drivers, Constraints, Opportunities, Threats, Challenges, Investment Opportunities, and recommendations) – Strategic recommendations in key business segments based on the market estimations – Competitive landscaping mapping the key common trends – Company profiling with detailed strategies, financials, and recent developments – Supply chain trends mapping the latest technological advancements Buy now @ https://www.wiseguyreports.com/checkout?currency=one_user-USD&report_id=731610 Continued… Contact Us: Sales@Wiseguyreports.Com Ph: +1-646-845-9349 (US) Ph: +44 208 133 9349 (UK) Norah Trent wiseguyreports +1 646 845 9349 / +44 208 133 9349 email us here CategoriesUncategorized TagsBusiness, Companies, company, Industry, leave, Markets, Uncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Global Rolling Stock Market 2017 Share, Trend, Segmentation and Forecast to 2022 Next PostNext Printing Servers Market Type, Application, Specification, Technology And Forecast To 2022 Search our contacts Search for: Search Recent Posts Notable Wednesday Option Activity: ASPS, GME, RCII Noteworthy Wednesday Option Activity: VSI, NFLX, EIGI Notable Wednesday Option Activity: DXCM, PBPB, STMP Notable Wednesday Option Activity: BG, SSTK, GLPI Noteworthy Wednesday Option Activity: BCC, LE, HIVE Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech pr@satprnews.com Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 13 February 2017 by Military News Global Cancer Vaccines Market Size, Share, Trends and Forecast by 2020 – Orbis Research Orbis ResearchOrbisResearch.com has published new research report on “Global-Cancer Vaccines Market and Pipeline Vaccines Analysis to 2020” to its database. The cancer industry is one of the most lucrative business worldwide. Cancer vaccines are a viable option for treating many types of cancers which in the present day do not have effective treatments. Cancer vaccines can be broadly classified into two segments: prophylactic and therapeutic vaccines. Prophylactic vaccines are used for the prevention of cancer, whereas therapeutic vaccines are used for treatment of cancer. With the rising incidences of cancer and limited treatment options, physicians are being forced to look for precautionary vaccines beyond the conventional treatments. As a result, many companies are now investing in developing prophylactic and therapeutic vaccines to curb this deadly disease. Browse the report: http://www.orbisresearch.com/reports/index/global-cancer-vaccines-market-and-pipeline-vaccines-analysis-to-2020 The prophylactic vaccines currently available in the market include Merck’s Gardasil and GSK’s Cervarix while the only therapeutic vaccine in the market is Dendreon’s Provenge. In the global cancer vaccines market, the prophylactic vaccines segment account for maximum share of the market. However, the market share of prophylactic vaccines is likely to decline continuously during the forecasting period due to the increasing uptake of therapeutic vaccines. The market share of therapeutic cancer vaccines is anticipated to increase during the forecasting period. In the cancer vaccines market, Merck is the clear leader and is expected to maintain its dominancy over a longer period of time. Dendreon Corporation is the second leading player in Cancer vaccines market accounting for XX% market share in 2014. It is predicted that GSK will account for single digit share of the cancer vaccine market by 2020. Global Cancer Vaccines Market – Regional Analysis: The United States is the largest regional market for cancer vaccines. United States accounted for XX% share of the global cancer vaccines market in 2014. The Asian region is the second leading market for cancer vaccines. The European region cancer vaccines market share is anticipated to increase from XX% in 2014 to XX% by the year 2020. Request a sample of the report: http://www.orbisresearch.com/contacts/request-sample/175243 iGATE Research report titled “Global – Cancer Vaccines Market and Pipeline Vaccines Analysis to 2020” is a 213 page report with 26 Figures and 25 Tables. This report analyses the Global Cancer Vaccines Market, Regional Cancer Vaccines Market, Major Deals and Funding in Cancer Vaccines Industry, Cancer Vaccines Pipeline Products Portfolio, Company Wise Cancer Vaccines Pipeline Products and the driving factors and challenges for the Cancer Vaccines Market. The Cancer Vaccines Market studied in the report covers the following 7 points: 1. Global – Prophylactic Cancer Vaccines Market to 2020 • Gardasil • Cervarix 2. Global – Therapeutic Cancer Vaccines Market to 2020 • Provenge 3. Cancer Vaccines Market – Regional Analysis to 2020 • United States – Cancer Vaccines Market • Europe – Cancer Vaccines Market • Asia – Cancer Vaccines Market 4. Global Cancer Vaccines Market – Major Deals 5. Global Cancer Vaccines – Funding 6. Global Cancer Vaccines Market – Pipeline Portfolio Analysis 7. Company Cancer Vaccines – Pipeline Analysis Buy the report@http://www.orbisresearch.com/contact/purchase/175243 The 12 Cancer Vaccines Pipeline Portfolio covered in the report are as follows 1. Prostvac 2. Neuvax 3. Rindopepimut 4. MVax 5. DCVax-L 6. ProstAtak 7. Talimogene Laherparepvec 8. IMA901 9. Imprime PGG 10. OncoVAX 11. Lucanix 12. DCVAC/PCa The 34 Companies Pipeline Cancer Vaccines covered in the reports are as follows: 1. Aduro Biotech 2. Advantagene 3. Advaxis 4. Agenus 5. AlphaVax 6. Altor BioScience 7. Argos Therapeutics 8. AVAX Technologies 9. Bavarian Nordic 10. Biothera 11. Celldex Therapeutics 12. CureVac 13. Galena Biopharma 14. Genexine 15. GlobeImmune 16. Gradalis 17. Heat Biologics 18. Immatics 19. ImmunoCellular Therapeutics 20. Inovio Pharmaceuticals 21. ISA Pharmaceuticals 22. Juvaris Biotherapeutics 23. NewLink Genetics 24. Northwest Biotherapeutics 25. NovaRx 26. OncoThyreon 27. Oncovir 28. Oxford BioMedica 29. Prima BioMed 30. Sotio 31. Transgene 32. Ubivac 33. Vaccinogen 34. Vaxon Biotech About Us: Orbis Research (orbisresearch.com) is a single point aid for all your market research requirements. We have vast database of reports from the leading publishers and authors across the globe. We specialize in delivering customized reports as per the requirements of our clients. We have complete information about our publishers and hence are sure about the accuracy of the industries and verticals of their specialization. This helps our clients to map their needs and we produce the perfect required market research study for our clients. Media Contact Company Name: Orbis Research Contact Person: Hector Costello Email: Send Email Phone: +1 (214) 884-6817 Address:4144N Central Expressway, Suite 600 City: Dallas State: Texas Country: United States Website: http://www.orbisresearch.com/reports/index/global-cancer-vaccines-market-and-pipeline-vaccines-analysis-to-2020 Source: www.abnewswire.com CategoriesUncategorized TagsBusiness, Companies, company, Industry, major, Markets, Uncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious vRAN (Virtualized Radio Access Network) Ecosystem: Industry Opportunities, Challenges, Strategies And Forecast Segmentation, 2017-2030: Hexa Reports Next PostNext Media Advisory for Tuesday, February 14, 2017: “Snoopy & Belle in Fashion” Traveling Exhibit Debuts at Beverly Center Search our contacts Search for: Search Recent Posts Notable Wednesday Option Activity: ASPS, GME, RCII Noteworthy Wednesday Option Activity: VSI, NFLX, EIGI Notable Wednesday Option Activity: DXCM, PBPB, STMP Notable Wednesday Option Activity: BG, SSTK, GLPI Noteworthy Wednesday Option Activity: BCC, LE, HIVE Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech pr@satprnews.com Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 13 February 2017 by Military News Life Cycle Management Strategies Market – Optimizing revenues and defending generic competition Life Cycle Management Strategies Market Optimizing revenues and defending generic competition shall discuss stages of product lifecycle management, commercial and legal LCM strategies, developmental, benefits, objectives and factors that impact selection of lifecycle management strategies and analysis on their successful implementation. The life cycle management strategies market analysis report offers case studies on key strategies like reformulation, indication expansion, fixed-dose combinations, pricing strategies, etc. The report has covered information on the following companies: MannKind, Gleevec AbbVie, Actavis, Salix Pharmaceuticals, AstraZeneca, Cipla, Sanofi-Aventis, Gilead, Novartis,GlaxoSmithKline, Janssen, Merck, Otsuka, Orexo, Pfizer, Vifor Pharma, Roche, Solvay and Teva. Browse more detail information about Life Cycle Management Strategies Market: https://www.absolutereports.com/life-cycle-management-strategies-optimizing-revenues-and-defending-generic-competition-10075325 Life Cycle Management Strategies Market Scope: Introduction to life cycle management and product life cycle Objectives of life cycle management and factors impacting strategies Life cycle management strategies depending and different approaches Impact of life cycle management strategies on selected products’ sales and growth trend Extension of patent term and exclusivity in the US and Europe market Life cycle management strategies of different pipeline drugs of major industry players Successful implementation of life cycle management strategies   Get a PDF Sample of Life Cycle Management Strategies Market: https://www.absolutereports.com/enquiry/request-sample/10075325   Reasons to Purchase: Life cycle management strategies implemented by drug companies Strategies for increasing life cycle of drugs and revenues Case studies to gain knowledge on implementation of various strategies on single product Strategies for operational pipeline of major industry players   Have any query? ask our expert @http://www.absolutereports.com/enquiry/pre-order-enquiry/10075325   Detailed TOC of Life Cycle Management Strategies Market – Assessing the Need for a Targeted and Specialized Approach Reformulation New Dosage Forms New Route of Administration Special Cases New Dosage Strengths and Regimen Fixed-Dose Combination and Co-packaging Next Generation Products and Modified Chemistry Metabolites Chiral Switching Polymorphs Multiple Developmental Strategy Approach Commercial Strategies Get Discount on Life Cycle Management Strategies Market: http://www.absolutereports.com/enquiry/request-discount/10075325 About Absolute Report: Absolute Reports is an upscale platform to help key personnel in the business world in strategizing and taking visionary decisions based on facts and figures derived from in-depth market research. We are one of the top report resellers in the market dedicated towards bringing you an ingenious concoction of data parameters. Contact: Mr. AmeyaPingaley Absolute Reports +1-408 520 9750 Email: sales@absolutereports.com www.absolutereports.com CategoriesUncategorized TagsBusiness, Companies, Google News, Industry, Legal, Life Cycle Management Strategies Market Analysis, Life Cycle Management Strategies Market Growth, Life Cycle Management Strategies Market Overview, Life Cycle Management Strategies Market Trend, Machinery, major, Markets, satPRnews, World Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Opioids Market Overview to 2021 – An Assessment of Pain Management and Dependence Next PostNext Potting Soil Market – Global Industry Analysis, Size, Share, Growth, Trends and Forecast 2020 Search our contacts Search for: Search Recent Posts Notable Wednesday Option Activity: ASPS, GME, RCII Noteworthy Wednesday Option Activity: VSI, NFLX, EIGI Notable Wednesday Option Activity: DXCM, PBPB, STMP Notable Wednesday Option Activity: BG, SSTK, GLPI Noteworthy Wednesday Option Activity: BCC, LE, HIVE Proudly powered by WordPress
News Sports Business Health Entertainment Food Opinion Real Estate Obits Search icon | SectionsClose Search Search Search Search icon News Breaking Pennsylvania New Jersey Politics Education Special Reports Sports Eagles Phillies Flyers Sixers Union College High School Entertainment Celebs & Gossip The Arts Things to Do Puzzles Comics Business Cars Jobs Pharma Philly Deals Real Estate Small Business The Street Health Kids' Health Running Nutrition Sports Medicine Food Clean Plates Craig LaBan The Insider Opinion Blogs Columnists Letters Lifestyle Home & Design Sex & Dating Style Travel Marketplace Find a Home Job Listings Print Offers Online All Classifieds People Births Celebrations Engagements Obituaries Death Notices Your Day Event Calendar PMN Events Horoscope Lottery Weather Newsletters Advertise Contact Us Permissions Reprints Powered By Inquirer logo Subscribe Daily News logo Subscribe business Insider Transactions Updated: February 13, 2017 — 3:01 AM EST Facebook icon 0Share Twitter icon Tweet Tumblr icon Tumblr Mail icon Email Comment icon 0 Comment Reprints & Permissions REPRINTS Popular Stories Reality star says she’s dating Embiid, who calls it ‘fake news’ Feb 15 - 12:26 PM Kellyanne Conway's credibility taking more hits Feb 15 - 11:49 AM Securities trades recently reported to the Securities and Exchange Commission by officers, directors, and principal shareholders of corporations based or having sizable employment in the area. Titles are as reported to the SEC. Amerigas Partners LP Jerry E. Sheridan, chief executive officer, sold 10,590 shares at $48.67 on Feb. 6, and now directly holds 51,327 shares. AmerisourceBergen Corp. Steven H. Collis, chief executive officer, sold 15,000 shares at $87.15 on Feb. 1, and now directly holds 238,876 shares. Beneficial Bancorp Inc. Gerard P. Cuddy, chief executive officer, sold 162,983 shares at $16.08 to $16.42 Feb. 6 to Feb. 7, and now directly holds 678,315 shares. Martin F. Gallagher Jr., officer, sold 93,014 shares at $16.40 to $16.43 Feb. 6 to Feb. 7, and now directly holds 219,292 shares. Joanne R. Ryder, officer, sold 8,394 shares at $16.67 on Feb. 6, and now directly holds 239,049 shares. Brandywine Realty Trust H. Richard Haverstick, director, bought 7,500 shares at $15.98 on Feb. 8, and now directly holds 7,500 shares. Carpenter Technology Corp. Kathryn C. Turner, director, sold 8,000 shares at $42.60 on Feb. 7, and now directly holds 5,328 shares. Coherus Biosciences Inc. Alan C. Herman Ph.D., officer, sold 11,333 shares at $27.37 on Feb. 1, and now directly holds 413,282 shares. Johnson & Johnson Michael H. Ullmann, general counsel, sold 21,735 shares at $112.88 on Feb. 1, and now directly holds 98,964 shares. Kulicke & Soffa Industries Inc. Brian R. Bachman, director, sold 5,000 shares at $20.00 on Feb. 7, and now directly holds 13,909 shares. L3 Technologies Inc. Michael T. Strianese, chief executive officer, sold 22,547 shares at $156.95 to $158.84 on Feb. 1, and now directly holds 111,849 shares. Lincoln National Corp. Dennis R. Glass, chief executive officer, sold 159,847 shares at $69.50 on Feb. 7 to Feb. 9, and now directly holds 784,899 shares. Marlin Business Services Corp. James Sherlock, officer, sold 500 shares at $22.25 on Jan. 31, and now directly holds 9,499 shares. Merck & Co Inc. Thomas R. Cech, director, sold 5,000 shares at $63.42 on Feb. 3, and now directly holds 100 shares. Michael J. Holston, general counsel, sold 91,959 shares at $63.69 to $64.00 on Feb. 3, and now directly holds 50,280 shares. Patricia F. Russo, director, sold 5,000 shares at $64.42 on Feb. 8, and now directly holds 13,148 shares. Adam H. Schechter, officer, sold 36,335 shares at $63.73 on Feb. 3, and now directly holds 130,216 shares. Wendell P. Weeks, director, sold 5,000 shares at $64.51 on Feb. 6, and now directly holds 100 shares. Peter C. Wendell, director, sold 15,000 shares at $63.69 on Feb. 3, and now directly holds 1,000 shares. Orasure Technologies Inc. Michael Celano, director, sold 15,000 shares at $8.78 on Jan. 31, and now directly holds 93,079 shares. Public Service Enterprise Group Inc. Ralph Izzo, chief executive officer, sold 24,108 shares at $43.79 on Feb. 1, and now directly holds 706,487 shares. SEI Investments Co. Alfred P. West Jr., beneficial owner, sold 115,000 shares at $48.93 to $49.01 Feb. 3 to Feb. 7, and now directly holds 11,232,282 shares. TE Connectivity Ltd. Mario Calastri, officer and treasurer, sold 17,600 shares at $74.65 on Feb. 3, and now directly holds 29,078 shares. Thomas J. Lynch, chief executive officer, sold 123,633 shares at $74.14 to $74.81 on Feb. 1, and now directly holds 338,787 shares. Eric J. Resch, officer, sold 35,550 shares at $74.76 on Feb. 3, and now directly holds 28,988 shares. UGI Corp. Jerry E. Sheridan, officer, sold 28,500 shares at $47.05 on Feb. 6, and now directly holds 2,032 shares. John L. Walsh, chief executive officer, sold 87,500 shares at $46.64 to $46.75 Feb. 6 to Feb. 7, and now directly holds 427,617 shares. Vishay Precision Group Inc. Nokomis Capital L.L.C., beneficial owner, bought 12,340 shares at $16.38 to $16.43 Feb. 6 to Feb. 7, and now indirectly holds 1,936,260 shares. More Coverage Insider Transactions Feb 6 - 1:07 AM Insider Transactions Jan 30 - 1:08 AM Published: February 13, 2017 — 3:01 AM EST The Philadelphia Inquirer We encourage respectful comments but reserve the right to delete anything that doesn't contribute to an engaging dialogue Help us moderate this thread by flagging comments that violate our guidelines Commenting policy | Comments FAQ Comment policy: Philly.com comments are intended to be civil, friendly conversations. Please treat other participants with respect and in a way that you would want to be treated. You are responsible for what you say. And please, stay on topic. If you see an objectionable post, please report it to us using the "Report Abuse" option. Please note that comments are monitored by Philly.com staff. We reserve the right at all times to remove any information or materials that are unlawful, threatening, abusive, libelous, defamatory, obscene, vulgar, pornographic, profane, indecent or otherwise objectionable. Personal attacks, especially on other participants, are not permitted. We reserve the right to permanently block any user who violates these terms and conditions. Additionally comments that are long, have multiple paragraph breaks, include code, or include hyperlinks may not be posted. Load comments Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Continue Reading More in business Transportation › Turnpike bridge repair draws national talent Transportation › Better bus service likely for Roosevelt Blvd. Technology › Comcast, Facebook, and Apple Music are making mobile video moves High-wire act: NJ power line among $1.5B in transmission upgrades PJM Interconnection, the regional power grid operator, on Wednesday authorized more than $1.5 billion in electric transmission projects in... Sleep with the fishes: Condos coming to former Snockey's seafood site Comcast promotes former SEC official to top accounting officer German grocer Lidl, with designs on Philly area, to open first U.S. stores this summer Aramark wins contract for Pa. prisons Pennsylvania awarded Aramark Correctional Industries LLC a three-year food-procurement and management contract for 26 state correctional facilities... Philly airport hotel in foreclosure on unpaid $34M loan balance ThirdEye, a start-up by Penn students to help the visually impaired, is sold Philly wants to buy 136 acres in Tinicum to expand PHL Philly.com logo is powered by Inquirer logo Digital Edition Subscribe Subscriber Services Daily News logo Digital Edition Subscribe Subscriber Services Twitter icon @phillydotcom Facebook icon /phillydotcom News & Info News Sports Entertainment Business Health Food Lifestyle Opinion Event Calendar Archives Marketplace Deals Find a Home Job Listings Print Offers All Classifieds About us About Philly.com Advertise Contact Us Licensing & Permissions Photo Reprints Newspapers In Education Career Opportunities Internships Acel Moore Workshop   Mobile Apps Email Notifications Morning headlines Eagles This Week Things To Do Dining In and Out Sports Business Health Lifestyle PMN Events Show all ▾ Show some ▾ © Copyright 2017 Philadelphia Media Network (Digital), LLC Terms of Use & Privacy Policy
Skip to content MilTech pr@satprnews.com Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 13 February 2017 by Military News Recombinant Therapeutic Antibodies & Proteins Market Research Report by Geographical Analysis and Forecast to 2023 Human proteins obtained through genetic engineering rather than from tissue samples have played a vital role in therapeutic medicines market. Advances in pharmacological understanding and pharmaceutical production have allowed continuous development of human proteins as a vital therapeutic option in variety of human diseases. From a clinical perspective, therapeutic proteins provide essential therapies in various life threatening disease such as diabetes, viral hepatitis, end-stage renal disease, clotting disorders and other metabolic disorders. Proteins as a part of the natural metabolism are synthesized by the living organism. Proteins play a significant role in carrying out vital body functions such as cell signaling, immune responses, cell adhesion, and the cell cycle. Industries such as biopharmaceutical industry, enzyme industry, and agriculture industry over a decade have been significantly benefited from native and recombinant proteins. In general therapeutic proteins include antibody-based drugs, bone morphogenetic proteins, FC fusion proteins, hormones, interleukins, and anticoagulants. Major application areas for these recombinant proteins include multiple sclerosis, dwarfism, anemia, rheumatoid arthritis, Crohn’s disease, diabetes and others. Browse full report on Recombinant Therapeutic Antibodies & Proteins Market – www.transparencymarketresearch.com/recombinant-therapeuti… Increasing investment on research activities and introduction of new protein therapeutics has significantly contributed in growth and development of recombinant therapeutic antibodies and proteins market. Moreover rising number of clinical trials in pharmaceutical industry have also contributed in growth and development of market in past few years. Owing to increased focus on developing innovative monoclonal antibodies (mAb), this segment is expected to dominate during the forecast period. Interestingly, although the recombinant therapeutic and proteins market is significantly smaller than overall pharmaceutical market yet the growth rate of the market is significantly higher than the overall pharmaceutical market. Restraint to the growth of the market includes lack of variety in formulations as most the recombinant antibodies and proteins can only be administered via injections. There are several problems associated with the administration of protein drug via injection such as it increases the overall cost of the treatment, need of trained caregiver during the course of treatment barring a few such as insulin and others. Additionally patent expiration of branded drugs and budget constraints are another major factor limiting the growth and exploration of application areas. Geographically the market is largely dominated by the developed economic regions such as North America and Europe owing to rapid growth of the biotechnology derived techniques in these two regions. Additionally significant research support in terms of infrastructure and funding has also driven recombinant therapeutic antibodies and proteins market in past one decade. Emerging markets such as Asia Pacific and Rest of the World market are expected to be the fastest growing market pertaining to developing economic scenario and increasing demand for therapeutics market. Owing to such reforms and growth in developing economic countries have successfully contributed in attracting prominent players to these regions as a strategy to increase customer base and business expansion. Major branded monoclonal antibodies in the market include Rituxan (rituxumab), Synagis (Palivizumab), Campath (Alemtuzumab), Erbitux (Cetuximab). Whereas branded therapeutic proteins in the market comprises Levemir (Datemir insulin), Neulasta (PEG-Filgrastim), Enbrel (Etanercept), Ontak (rIL2-diptheria toxin) and others. Recombinant proteins currently in clinical trial phase include AERAS-404, Interferon alpha2a Fusion Protein, Anakinra, Aldesleukin and others. Some of the prominent players operating in the global recombinant therapeutic antibodies and protein market include Bristol-Myers Squibb, Celldex Therapeutics, Inc., Eli Lilly and Company, GlaxoSmithKline plc, Merck & Co., Inc., Novartis International AG, Schering AG, Johnson & Johnson and others. Request for brochure of this report – www.transparencymarketresearch.com/sample/sample.php?flag… About Us Transparency Market Research (TMR) is a market intelligence company, providing global business information reports and services. Our exclusive blend of quantitative forecasting and trends analysis provides forward-looking insight for thousands of decision makers. TMR’s experienced team of analysts, researchers, and consultants, use proprietary data sources and various tools and techniques to gather, and analyze information. Our business offerings represent the latest and the most reliable information indispensable for businesses to sustain a competitive edge. Each TMR syndicated research report covers a different sector – such as pharmaceuticals, chemicals, energy, food & beverages, semiconductors, med-devices, consumer goods and technology. These reports provide in-depth analysis and deep segmentation to possible micro levels. With wider scope and stratified research methodology, TMR’s syndicated reports strive to provide clients to serve their overall research requirement. US Office Contact 90 State Street, Suite 700 Albany, NY 12207 Tel: +1-518-618-1030 USA – Canada Toll Free: 866-552-3453 Email: sales@transparencymarketresearch.com Website: www.transparencymarketresearch.com This release was published on openPR. CategoriesUncategorized Tagsbase, Business, Companies, company, Food and Beverage, general, Health & Medicine, Industry, intelligence, major, Markets, Technology, World Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Healthcare Information Systems Market Research Report by Geographical Analysis and Forecast to 2024 Next PostNext Wet Macular Degeneration Market Research Report by Geographical Analysis and Forecast to 2024 Search our contacts Search for: Search Recent Posts Notable Wednesday Option Activity: ASPS, GME, RCII Noteworthy Wednesday Option Activity: VSI, NFLX, EIGI Notable Wednesday Option Activity: DXCM, PBPB, STMP Notable Wednesday Option Activity: BG, SSTK, GLPI Noteworthy Wednesday Option Activity: BCC, LE, HIVE Proudly powered by WordPress
Contact Us Journalists Blog Log In Sign Up Send a Release News Solutions Resources Search News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News dansk Deutsch español Français italiano Nederlands norsk português suomeksi svenska Protein Labeling Market is Expected to Reach $5,350 million by 2022, Globally-Allied Market Research News provided by Allied Market Research Feb 13, 2017, 11:30 ET Share this article PORTLAND, Oregon and PUNE, India, February 13, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- A new report published by Allied Market Research titled, "Global Protein Labeling Market by Labeling Method, Application, Product Type, and End User-Global Opportunity Analysis and Industry Forecast, 2014-2022," projects that the global protein labeling market would reach $5,350 million by 2022 from $2,002 million in 2015, growing at a CAGR of 14.9% during the forecast period. Reagents segment is estimated to dominate the global protein labeling market throughout the analysis period. Majority of the global protein labeling market share was captured by U.S. in 2015. Continue Reading Allied Market Research Logo      (Logo: http://photos.prnewswire.com/prnh/20140911/647229 ) View Detail Summary of Protein Labeling Market report: https://www.alliedmarketresearch.com/protein-labeling-market Protein labeling is an effective technique to study protein structure, function, and functioning of genes. The global protein labeling market has become prominent due to increase in expenditure on R&D, escalation in proteomics research, and rise in the healthcare expenses. Moreover, the launch of new technologies has boosted this market. Protein labeling technique is a secondary research tool for proteomic analysis, and is used for research and diagnostic purposes in biotechnology and pharmaceuticals industries. Moreover, with the rise in the prevalence of chronic diseases such as cancer, the need for prevention, diagnosis, and treatment of such diseases is on the rise. Consequently, the demand for such techniques is anticipated to increase. Alternatively, lack of skilled professionals, limited applications of protein labeling products along with high costs of reagents, kits, and other protein labeling services are the key factors that could impede the market growth. Amongst the labeling methods, the in vivo labeling segment dominates the market with more than half of the global protein labeling market in 2015. This is mainly attributed to ease of availability of products and reagents and the stability of this method. However, bioorthogonal labeling segment is expected to be the fastest growing segment. This is attributed to the fact that this method of proteins labeling can be carried out in living cells without hindering the biochemical functioning of the cell. By product types, the reagents segment dominated the global protein labelling market. Reagents accounted for about 60% share in 2015 and are frequently used in different protein labeling procedures, from sample preparation to washing and incubation. As the objective of every research is different, the researcher cannot use conventional products for different methodologies. Thus, the growth in demand for customized protein labeling services segment have lead it to become the fastest growing segment during the forecast period. Key findings of the Protein Labeling Market study:  Nanoparticle labeling segment is estimated to exhibit a CAGR of 17.4%, among in vitro labeling. Fluorescence Microscopy segment will exhibit a CAGR of 16.1% in LAMEA region. Research laboratories segment holds two-thirds of the share in the end-user protein labeling market. Photoreactive labeling segment for in vivo protein labeling is projected to be the fastest growing segment from 2016 to 2022. Mexico was the smallest economy market in 2015, and is projected to grow at a CAGR of 15.7% through 2022. Based on geography, North America generated the highest revenue in 2015, accounting for the majority of the share of global protein labeling market, due to various technological advancements, rise in R&D investments, and surge in demand for protein labeling products. Furthermore, North America is estimated to continue to dominate the world market, owing to rise in technological innovations and significant rise in funding. The Asia-Pacific region is expected to be the fastest growing segment, owing to the increased demands of emerging economies such as Japan and China and rise in healthcare expenditure. The key developmental strategies adopted by leading market players are product launches, collaborations, and partnerships. The prominent market players profiled in the report include General Electric Company, Kaneka Corporation, LI-COR, Inc., Merck & Co., Inc., New England Biolabs, Inc., PerkinElmer, Inc., Promega Corporation, F. Hoffmann-LA Roche AG, Seracare Life Sciences, Inc., and Thermo Fisher Scientific, Inc. About Us:  Allied Market Research (AMR) is a full-service market research and business-consulting wing of Allied Analytics LLP based in Portland, Oregon. Allied Market Research provides global enterprises as well as medium and small businesses with unmatched quality of "Market Research Reports" and "Business Intelligence Solutions". AMR has a targeted view to provide business insights and consulting to assist its clients to make strategic business decisions and achieve sustainable growth in their respective market domain. We are in professional corporate relations with various companies and this helps us in digging out market data that helps us generate accurate research data tables and confirms utmost accuracy in our market forecasting. Each and every data presented in the reports published by us is extracted through primary interviews with top officials from leading companies of domain concerned. Our secondary data procurement methodology includes deep online and offline research and discussion with knowledgeable professionals and analysts in the industry. Contact: Rahul Thakur 5933 NE Win Sivers Drive #205, Portland, OR 97220 United States Direct: +1-503-894-6022 Toll Free: +1-800-792-5285 (U.S. & Canada) Fax: +1-800-792-5285 Email: query@alliedmarketresearch.com Web: https://www.alliedmarketresearch.com/ SOURCE Allied Market Research Feb 13, 2017, 11:45 ET Preview: Potting Compounds Market Expected to Reach $3,460 Million by 2022, Globally-Allied Market Research Feb 13, 2017, 11:30 ET Preview: Thermoset Molding Compounds Market Expected to Reach $12,298 Million by 2022, Globally - Allied Market Research My News Release contains wide tables. View fullscreen. Also from this source Feb 15, 2017, 10:30 ETChilled and Deli Food Market is Expected to Reach $1,051,554... Feb 15, 2017, 10:15 ETImplantable Medical Devices Market is Expected to Reach $116,300... Explore More news releases in similar topics Biotechnology Medical Pharmaceuticals Surveys, Polls and Research You just read: Protein Labeling Market is Expected to Reach $5,350 million by 2022, Globally-Allied Market Research News provided by Allied Market Research Feb 13, 2017, 11:30 ET Share this article Looking to send a news release with PR Newswire? Take advantage of the world's leading distribution platform. Sign up to get started Request more information Have an account? Log In Phone 8AM - 10PM ET +1-888-776-0942 Send a Release Sign Up Blog For Journalists Contact Us Search Searching for your content... Advanced Search Contact PR Newswire 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Chat Online with an Expert Contact Us General Inquiries Request a Demo Editorial Bureaus Partnerships Media Inquiries Worldwide Offices Solutions Cision Communications Cloud™ For Marketers For Public Relations For IR & Compliance For Agency For Small Business All Products About About PR Newswire About Cision Become a Publishing Partner Become a Channel Partner Careers   Global Sites Asia Brazil Canada Europe Finland France India Israel Mexico Middle East Netherlands Sweden United Kingdom My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Terms of Use Privacy Policy Information Security Policy Statement Site Map RSS Feeds Copyright © 2017 PR Newswire Association LLC. All Rights Reserved. A Cision company. News Solutions Resources News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News dansk Deutsch español Français italiano Nederlands norsk português suomeksi svenska Phone +1-888-776-0942 8AM - 10PM ET Chat Chat Online with an Expert All contact info Send a ReleaseLog In
Real Estate JOBS 転職 STUDY IN JAPAN Japan Showcase Sign Up | Login ≫ Twitter Facebook Newsletter RSS 9 P/SUNNY TOKYO (6 p.m.) Markets 113.95 ¥/$ (5 p.m.) News Sign Up | Login ≫ Email Updates Home Delivery Today's Stories MENU City Guide Search News Opinion Life Community Culture Sports City Guide Search Search National Asia Pacific Business World Reference Columns Multimedia News National World Business Asia Pacific Reference Columns Multimedia Opinion Editorials Commentary Reader Mail Cartoons Life Travel Digital Food & Drink Environment Style & Design Language Lifestyle People Columns Multimedia Community Voices Issues Our Lives Event Listings How-tos Columns Culture Film Music Art Stage Events Festivals Books TV Columns Multimedia Sports Baseball Soccer Basketball Sumo Rugby Figure Skating Tennis More Sports Columns Multimedia Sorry, but your browser needs Javascript to use this site. If you're not sure how to activate it, please refer to this site: http://www.enable-javascript.com/ Plaintiffs suing the government and drugmakers over health problems allegedly caused by cervical cancer vaccines head to the Tokyo District Court on Monday for the opening of their trial. | KYODO National / Crime & Legal Suit opens in Tokyo court over cervical cancer vaccine side effects by Mizuho Aoki Staff Writer Feb 13, 2017 Article history Online: Feb 13, 2017 Last Modified: Feb 14, 2017 PRINT SHARE Twenty-eight girls and women suffering what they say are side effects from cervical cancer vaccines that were recommended by the government demanded compensation from the state and drugmakers Monday as their trial opened at the Tokyo District Court. The plaintiffs, ranging in age from 15 to 22, said they have experienced a wide range of health problems, including pain all over their bodies and impaired mobility, after receiving the human papillomavirus (HPV) vaccines between 2010 and 2013. Each is demanding ¥15 million in damages. Erina Sonoda, a 20-year-old college student, said she started to suffer strong menstrual pain after receiving the second of three recommended shots of the Cervarix vaccine, and the pain spread to other parts of her body after the third vaccination. Due to agonizing pain, Sonoda said she has difficulty walking without a cane and often must use a wheelchair. “I felt acute pain as if someone was squashing my internal organs. … Such conditions have only gotten worse,” Sonoda told the court while sitting in a wheelchair. “I received the shots because the government recommended it,” she said. “I want the government to take seriously its responsibility for causing us (to suffer from) such symptoms.” Since last July, a total of 119 plaintiffs have filed similar suits with courts in Tokyo, Nagoya, Osaka and Fukuoka, according to Masumi Minaguchi, a lawyer representing the women. The government and the drugmakers — GlaxoSmithKline PLC and Merck Sharp & Dohme Corp., who make the HPV vaccines Cervarix and Gardasil, respectively — sought Monday to dismiss the compensation claims. Representatives of the drugmakers said the safety and effectiveness of the medicines against cervical cancer have been scientifically confirmed and denied there is any link between the alleged side effects and the vaccines. The Health, Labor and Welfare Ministry began recommending in April 2013 that girls between 12 and 16 be vaccinated for cervical cancer. But the ministry halted the recommendation two months later following reports of side effects. According to the ministry, 2,945 people out of the 3.39 million women who had received the shots by the end of last April have reported side effects. A causal link between the HPV vaccines and reported symptoms remains unclear, and no scientific proof has been submitted. A nationwide survey conducted by a health ministry research team between July and December 2015 found symptoms claimed as side effects of cervical cancer vaccines in both vaccinated and unvaccinated populations. The team is conducting further detailed analysis of the data. Cervical cancer is the second most common cause of cancer deaths in women under 40. Each year about 10,000 women develop the disease in Japan and around 2,900 die annually, according to the National Cancer Center. The primary cause of cervical cancer is human papillomavirus, a common infection transmitted through sexual intercourse. The cervical cancer vaccines are believed to help prevent HPV. In December 2015, the World Health Organization issued a statement criticizing the government’s decision to cease recommending the vaccine, saying that “policy decisions based on weak evidence, leading to lack of use of safe and effective vaccines, can result in real harm.” Photos Click to enlarge Keywords lawsuits, cervical cancer, vaccines, HPV, Cervarix National Bodybuilder in Fuchu held on suspicion of abusing ex-girlfriend’s twins Teen rape suspect turns himself in after escape from hospital Japan-born Thai teenager fights to remain at ‘home’ despite deportation order METI comes up with lower ¥124.7 billion estimate for Osaka 2025 expo facilities Mail the editor Error Report Republishing Commenting Policy The Japan Times ST The Japan Times on Sunday What's Trending Now Abe says Trump encouraged him to boost ties, dialogue with Putin The Japanese and love — more complicated than you think Apa under fire again, this time for anti-Semitic remarks Suit opens in Tokyo court over cervical cancer vaccine side effects Toshiba says it is now considering selling majority stake in flash memory spinoff U.S. believes Pyongyang agents killed Kim Jong Nam; Malaysia cops seek female pair who fled in cab Solid fuel believed used in North Korean missile, setting stage for mobile, stealthy arsenal Fired once by Obama, Flynn quit because he’d become ‘lightning rod’ over Russia ties: Conway Blogs Japan Pulse Yen for Living BACK TO TOP The Japan Times on Sunday The Japan Times ST Jobs Study in Japan JT for Women JT Bookclub Japanese School Directory Email Updates | Home Delivery RSS Twitter Facebook Newsletter News National World Business Asia Pacific Reference Columns Multimedia Opinion Editorials Commentary Reader Mail Cartoons Life Travel Digital Food & Drink Environment Style & Design Language Lifestyle People Columns Multimedia Community Voices Issues Our Lives Event Listings How-tos Columns Culture Film Music Art Stage Events Festivals Books TV Columns Multimedia Sports Baseball Soccer Basketball Sumo Rugby Figure Skating Tennis More Sports Columns Multimedia About us Contact us Privacy Policy Link Policy Reprints FAQs Support Press Sitemap Advertise The Japan Times LTD. All rights reserved.
Skip to content MilTech pr@satprnews.com Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 13 February 2017 by Military News Biological Drugs Market – Future Growth and Opportunities by Vaccine Types (Gardasil, Prenvar 13, Fluzone, Cervarix, and Varivax) Upto 2020 Global Biological Drugs Market: Snapshot The global market for biological drugs has been demonstrating an upward movement since the last few years. The rising concerns over the increasing cases of side-effects caused by conventional medicines and drugs are having a positive impact on the demand for biological drugs across the world. The trend is expected to remain so over the forthcoming years with the opportunity in the worldwide biological drugs market expanding at a CAGR of 10.10% during the period from 2014 to 2020 and reaching US 287.1 bn by the end of the forecast period. PDF Containing the Upcoming Market Analysis of Biological Drugs is available at: www.transparencymarketresearch.com/sample/sample.php?flag… Demand for Enbrel to Remain Strong in Future Lantus, epogen, avonex, victoza, levemir, betaseron, enbrel, humalog, aranesp, neulasta, novolog, neupogen, rebif, and eylea are some of the main therapeutic proteins used in biological drugs. Enbrel has been witnessing a greater demand than other therapeutic proteins, worldwide. Enbrel is used in the treatment of auto-immune diseases, such as juvenile rheumatoid arthritis, plaque, psoriatic, and psoriasis. The growing prevalence of these diseases has influenced the sales of enbrel. Analysts expect the segment to rise at a CAGR of 14.50% over the forecast period. However, the concerns over side-effects of this protein, such as multiple sclerosis, tuberculosis, allergic reactions, and blood related infections, may limit its demand to some extent in the years to come. Lantus and neulasta are the other important therapeutic proteins, which are likely to gain impetus in the global market over the next few years. Increasing Investments for Research and Development in Biological Drugs to Ensure North America’s Leadership The global market for biological drugs is spread across Europe, North America, Asia Pacific, and the Rest of the World. Thanks to the increased application of biological drugs for the treatment of a number of diseases, such as diabetes, cancer, and other chronic medical conditions, North America has emerged as the leading consumer of biological drugs. Over the forthcoming years, investments to increase research and development activities in biological drugs is likely to heighten, which consequently, is expected to boost the North America biological drugs to a great extent. Expanding at a CAGR of 10.90%, this region will continue to hold the leadership in the global market for biological drugs during the forecast period. Europe and Asia Pacific are also projected to gain substantial momentum in their respective markets for biological drugs in the coming years, thanks to the growing awareness among consumers pertaining to the efficiency and other benefits of biological drugs. The unmet medical needs in Asia Pacific is also anticipated to add significantly to the growth of the global biological drugs market in the near future. Read the Current Market Status of Biological Drugs at: www.transparencymarketresearch.com/biological-drugs-marke… GlaxoSmithKline Plc., Biogen Idec, Novartis AG, Baxter International Inc., Amgen Inc., Merck & Co. Inc., Bristol-Myers Squibb Co., Eli Lilly and Co., Pfizer Inc. and Abbott Laboratories are some of the leading manufacturers of biological drugs across the world. Transparency Market Research (TMR) is a global market intelligence company, providing global business information reports and services. Our exclusive blend of quantitative forecasting and trends analysis provides forward-looking insight for thousands of decision makers. TMR’s experienced team of Analysts, Researchers, and Consultants, use proprietary data sources and various tools and techniques to gather and analyze information. Our data repository is continuously updated and revised by a team of research experts, so that it always reflects the latest trends and information. With a broad research and analysis capability, Transparency Market Research employs rigorous primary and secondary research techniques in developing distinctive data sets and research material for business reports. 90 State Street, Suite 700 Albany, NY 12207 Tel: +1-518-618-1030 USA – Canada Toll Free: 866-552-3453 Email: sales@transparencymarketresearch.com Website: www.transparencymarketresearch.com/ This release was published on openPR. CategoriesUncategorized TagsBusiness, Companies, company, Health & Medicine, intelligence, Markets, World Post navigation Previous PostPrevious CEO Warrior Founder Mike Agugliaro To Present at WWETT In Indianapolis Next PostNext Latest Report on United States Nuclear Medicine Diagnostics Market 2017-2022 Search our contacts Search for: Search Recent Posts Notable Wednesday Option Activity: ASPS, GME, RCII Noteworthy Wednesday Option Activity: VSI, NFLX, EIGI Notable Wednesday Option Activity: DXCM, PBPB, STMP Notable Wednesday Option Activity: BG, SSTK, GLPI Noteworthy Wednesday Option Activity: BCC, LE, HIVE Proudly powered by WordPress
02162017Headline: Business Research 2017 – Global Superheated Water High Pressure Boiler Market Size, Regional Outlook Forecast Report – Acute Market Reports 2 mins ago Worldwide Water Sports Gear Market Research Size, Shares, Strategies, Trend, Growth And Forecasts Worldwide 2017 – Acute Market Reports 9 mins ago Methyl Cobalamine Market Research Report Now Available at Research Corridor 9 mins ago Global Electrophysiology Ablation Catheters Market 2016 to 2021 – Size, Industry Trends, Growth, Prospects Till: Acute Market Reports 11 mins ago Worldwide Stupied Boy Water Market Size, Share, Trends, Growth, Regional Outlook and Forecast 2017 – Acute Market Reports 16 mins ago Flicks and Bits Flicks and Bits About Us Privacy Policy rss Film Interview Music Business Technology & Media Health Care Food & Beverages Consumer Goods Home Business Bioinformatics Market – Growth, Share, Opportunities, Competitive, Analysis and Forecast 2016 to 2024 – Credence Research Bioinformatics Market – Growth, Share, Opportunities, Competitive, Analysis and Forecast 2016 to 2024 – Credence Research February 13, 2017 | by Satyamspot | The latest market report published by Credence Research, Inc. “Global Bioinformatics Market – Growth, Share, Opportunities, Competitive Analysis, and Forecast, 2016 – 2024,” the bioinformatics market was valued at USD 8,580.0 Mn in 2015, and is expected to reach USD 38,614.0 Mn by 2024, expanding at a CAGR of 20.3% from 2016 to 2024. Market Insights The key applications of bioinformatics comprises in gene sequence analysis, gene and protein expression analysis, gene regulation analysis, genome annotation, and mutation analysis. Bioinformatics plays key role in research optimization via effective data management during and after clinical trials. The factor assisting its market growth throughout the forecast period is existence of huge government funding and market introduction of technological advancements in the fields of genomics and proteomics. The market experts suggested that, market growth of bioinformatics has been also driven by the companies that express a need to adopt more cost-efficient and prolific methods to commercialize proprietary information. The suppliers operating in this market are expected to provide products or services such as complete integration of data infrastructure including data sharing facility, data security, data searching, proposed customization and data analysis. Browse the full report Bioinformatics Market – Growth, Share, Opportunities, Competitive Analysis, and Forecast, 2016 – 2024 report at http://www.credenceresearch.com/report/bioinformatics-market Applications of bioinformatics comprise genomics, molecular phylogenetics, proteomics, transcriptomics, metabolomics, chemoinformatics & drug designing and others. In 2015, genomics dominated the overall market in terms of market share due to its rising application in understanding mutational disorders and identification processes related to investifgation of better pathways that pertain to gene based drug development. Biocontent management was observed as the largest market in 2015 due to rising rate of bioinformatics tools and software application in database management is one of the primary reasons attributing to its large share. In year 2015, North America dominated the overall market and is expected to maintain its dominance in the market throughout the forecast period. The key factors assisting the North America bioinformatics market are U.S. is a base of large number of pharmaceutical and biopharmaceutical companies, it records highest number of clinical trials and studies carried out every year. The bioinformatics services and products available in North America are advanced coupled with modern healthcare infrastructure. During the forecast period Asia-Pacific is expected to grow at the fastest CAGR due to rising number of outsourcing assignments related with healthcare IT and clinical trials, developing healthcare infrastructure and increasing number of pharmaceutical and biopharmaceutical companies. Asia-Pacific is considered as a hub of information technology companies and these companies provide bioinformatics products and services assistance to companies based in the North America and Europe. Market Competition Assessment: The bioinformatics market is observed as the most diversified and competitive market comprising large number of players.  The market is dominated by several players, depending on their major competencies. The key players in this market are BIOVIA (Accelrys Inc.), IBM Life Sciences, 3rd Millennium Inc., Life Technologies Corporation, Rosetta Biosoftware, Agilent Technologies, Affymetrix, Inc., Celera Corporation, and others. Key Market Movements: Bioinformatics market will retain its significant growth due to presence of huge government funding and technological advancements upcoming in the fields of genomics and proteomics Rising usage of biological systems modeling is becoming a trend in clinical research field which is assisting the growth of bioinformatics In the field of drug discovery and development demand is increasing for the use of integrated data Market experts have also suggested that, bioinformatics has huge application in wide number of sectors, many government and non-government organizations are investing in the R&D of the sector which is acting as a strong reason for the growth of the market Get Sample: http://www.credenceresearch.com/sample-request/58266 ToC: Chapter 1 Preface 1.1 Report Description 1.1.1 Purpose of the Report 1.1.2 Target Audience 1.1.3 USP and Key Offerings 1.2 Research Scope 1.3 Research Methodology 1.3.1 Phase I – Secondary Research 1.3.2 Phase II – Primary Research 1.3.3 Phase III – Expert Panel Review 1.3.4 Assumptions Chapter 2 Executive Summary 2.1 Global Bioinformatics Market Portraiture 2.2 Global Bioinformatics Market, by Products & Services, 2015 Vs 2024 (Value %) 2.3 Global Bioinformatics Market, by Application, 2015 Vs 2024 (Value %) 2.4 Global Bioinformatics Market, by Geography, 2015 (Value %) Chapter 3 Bioinformatics Market Analysis 3.1 Global Bioinformatics Market Analysis 3.2 Market Dynamics 3.2.1 Market Drivers 3.2.1.1 Increasing demand for data magament services and products in healthcare R&D industry 3.2.1.2 Rising application of proteomics and genomics in development of effective theraputics 3.2.1.3 Increasing number of collaborations in pharmceutical companies and research and development institutes or universities 3.2.2 Challenges 3.2.2.1 Data Integration is difficult due to lack of uniform standards and common data formats 3.2.3 Opportunities 3.2.3.1 Rising demand for Nanopore Sequencing Technology and Cloud Technology in the near future 3.2.3.1 Developing healthcare infrastructure in emerging economies such as Brazil, India and China will Boost the Market Growth 3.3 Attractive Investment Proposition….. Request For Customization: http://www.credenceresearch.com/request-for-customization/58266 About Us: Credence Research is a worldwide market research and counseling firm that serves driving organizations, governments, non-legislative associations, and not-for-benefits. We offer our customers some assistance with making enduring enhancements to their execution and understand their most imperative objectives. Over almost a century, we’ve manufactured a firm extraordinarily prepared to this task. Media Contact Name: Chris Smith Address: 105 N 1st ST #429, SAN JOSE, CA 95103 US E-mail: sales@credenceresearch.com Ph: 1-800-361-8290 Web: http://www.credenceresearch.com Filed in: Business Share this post Twitter Facebook Google+ LinkedIn Pinterest Email Recommended for You Business Research 2017 – Global Superheated Water High Pressure Boiler Market Size, Regional Outlook Forecast Report – Acute Market Reports Worldwide Water Sports Gear Market Research Size, Shares, Strategies, Trend, Growth And Forecasts Worldwide 2017 – Acute Market Reports Methyl Cobalamine Market Research Report Now Available at Research Corridor Global Electrophysiology Ablation Catheters Market 2016 to 2021 – Size, Industry Trends, Growth, Prospects Till: Acute Market Reports Popular Posts New Batmobile & A Stormtrooper Highlighted In Latest ‘Batman V Superman’/’Star Wars’ Crossover Image From Zack Snyder Chilling First TV Spot For ‘Annabelle’ (‘The Conjuring’ Spinoff) “Brothers Under The Gun” Featurette For ‘Fury’ – Starring Brad Pitt, Logan Lerman, Shia LaBeouf, Michael Pena… “Locations” Behind-The-Scenes Video For ‘Exodus: Gods And Kings’ – Starring Christian Bale, Joel Edgerton, Aaron Paul… Trailer For The Assassin-Thriller ‘John Wick’ – Starring Keanu Reeves, Willem Dafoe, Ian McShane, Adrianne Palicki…. Recent Posts Business Research 2017 – Global Superheated Water High Pressure Boiler Market Size, Regional Outlook Forecast Report – Acute Market Reports Worldwide Water Sports Gear Market Research Size, Shares, Strategies, Trend, Growth And Forecasts Worldwide 2017 – Acute Market Reports Methyl Cobalamine Market Research Report Now Available at Research Corridor Global Electrophysiology Ablation Catheters Market 2016 to 2021 – Size, Industry Trends, Growth, Prospects Till: Acute Market Reports Worldwide Stupied Boy Water Market Size, Share, Trends, Growth, Regional Outlook and Forecast 2017 – Acute Market Reports © 2017 Flicks and Bits. All rights reserved. Mobile Computing Today TampaBayReview
