Benzinga Benzinga Pro Marketfy Financial Data & APIs Fintech Awards Premarket Prep Membership is Free What are you waiting for? Sign up now! Username: Username available! Username taken! Email: Email available! Email taken! Password: Leave blank: OR Free Account Login Click here to access your premium account Username or email: Password: OR Forgot password?' Looking for ? CLICK HERE Contribute Login Sign up Benzinga - Feed Your Mind. Home Best of Benzinga Careers About Contact Us Partners Benzinga Fintech Awards News Earnings Guidance Dividends M&A Buybacks Legal Interviews Management Retail Sales Offerings IPOs Insider Trades Biotech/FDA Markets Pre-Market After Hours Movers Forex Commodities Options Binary Options Bonds Futures Global Economics Previews Reviews Small-Cap Ratings Analyst Color Downgrades Upgrades Initiations Price Target Ideas Long Ideas Short Ideas Technicals From The Press Jim Cramer Rumors ETFs Tech Start-Ups Fintech Personal Finance Premium Products My Watchlist Market Overview Tickers Articles Keywords Search by keyword...googlecse Alder BioPharmaceuticals Appoints Wendy L. Yarno to its Board of Directors Globe Newswire   {{following ? "Following" : "Follow"}} April 04, 2017 8:00am   Comments Share: BOTHELL, Wash., April 04, 2017 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- Alder BioPharmaceuticals, Inc. (NASDAQ:ALDR), a clinical-stage biopharmaceutical company developing monoclonal antibody therapeutics, today announced the appointment of Wendy L. Yarno to its board of directors. Ms. Yarno has more than 30 years of experience in the pharmaceutical industry as a public company director and product commercialization team leader, including 26 years with Merck & Co. Inc. While at Merck, Ms. Yarno held positions of increasing responsibility with a focus on drug development, regulatory strategy, market development, global product strategy and product lifecycle management. Most recently until her retirement in 2008, she was chief marketing officer with oversight of a global team that handled pre- and post-launch product commercialization activities for more than 20 therapeutic areas. Before this, she served in several areas, including as general manager of the cardiovascular/metabolic business unit in the U.S., executive vice president of worldwide human health marketing, the leader of human resources and one of the top executives in both managed care and sales organizations. Earlier in her career she was vice president of the women's health care franchise for Johnson & Johnson's Ortho-McNeil Pharmaceutical subsidiary. Ms. Yarno has served on the boards of emerging biopharmaceuticals and medical technology companies, including St. Jude Medical Inc., Medivation Inc., Durata Therapeutics Inc., ADial Pharmaceuticals LLC., and PluroGen Therapeutics LLC. She currently serves on the boards of Aratana Therapeutics Inc. and MyoKardia, Inc. Ms. Yarno holds a bachelor's degree in business administration from Portland State University and a master's degree in business administration from Temple University's Fox School of Business. "Wendy brings to our board highly relevant experience from her work in developing and launching best-in-class pharmaceuticals as well as helping to shape the directions of emerging companies," said Randall C. Schatzman, Ph.D., Alder's president and chief executive officer. "We are delighted to have her join us and welcome her guidance as we position Alder for leadership in the migraine prevention category with eptinezumab. We are moving closer to bringing a best-in-class therapy for migraine prevention to patients in need that we believe will change how this debilitating condition is addressed. The Alder team is focused on our progression of eptinezumab through pivotal studies and our BLA submission that is squarely in our sights for 2018." About Alder BioPharmaceuticals, Inc. Alder BioPharmaceuticals, Inc., is a clinical-stage biopharmaceutical company that discovers, develops and seeks to commercialize genetically engineered therapeutic antibodies with the potential to meaningfully transform current treatment paradigms. Alder's lead pivotal-stage product candidate, eptinezumab, is being evaluated for migraine prevention. Eptinezumab is a monoclonal antibody that inhibits calcitonin gene-related peptide (CGRP), a protein that is active in mediating the initiation of migraine. Alder is additionally evaluating ALD1910, a preclinical product candidate also in development as a migraine prevention therapy. ALD1910 is a monoclonal antibody that inhibits pituitary adenylate cyclase-activating polypeptide-38 (PACAP-38), another protein that is active in mediating the initiation of migraine. Clazakizumab, Alder's third program, is a monoclonal antibody candidate that inhibits interleukin-6 and is licensed to Vitaeris, Inc. For more information, please visit http://www.alderbio.com. Forward-Looking Statements This press release contains forward-looking statements, including, without limitation, statements relating to:  the continued development and clinical, therapeutic and commercial potential of eptinezumab; the availability of results from clinical trials; future regulatory filings and the potential regulatory approval of eptinezumab; and the planned commercialization of eptinezumab.  Words such as "moves closer," "planned," "position," "bringing," "believe," "will," "focused," "progression," "submission," or other similar expressions, identify forward-looking statements, but the absence of these words does not necessarily mean that a statement is not forward-looking. In addition, any statements that refer to expectations, projections or other characterizations of future events or circumstances are forward-looking statements. The forward-looking statements in this press release are based upon Alder's current plans, assumptions, beliefs, expectations, estimates and projections, and involve substantial risks and uncertainties.  Actual results and the timing of events could differ materially from those anticipated in the forward-looking statements due to these risks and uncertainties as well as other factors, which include, without limitation: risks related to the potential failure of eptinezumab to demonstrate safety and efficacy in clinical testing; Alder's ability to conduct clinical trials and studies of eptinezumab sufficient to achieve a positive completion; the availability of data at the expected times; the clinical, therapeutic and commercial value of eptinezumab; risks and uncertainties related to regulatory application, review and approval processes and Alder's compliance with applicable legal and regulatory requirements; risks and uncertainties relating to the manufacture of eptinezumab; Alder's ability to obtain and protect intellectual property rights, and operate without infringing on the intellectual property rights of others; the uncertain timing and level of expenses associated with the development of eptinezumab; the sufficiency of Alder's capital and other resources; market competition; changes in economic and business conditions; and other factors discussed under the caption "Risk Factors" in Alder's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2016, which was filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) on February 23, 2017, and is available on the SEC's website at www.sec.gov.  Additional information will also be set forth in Alder's other reports and filings it will make with the SEC from time to time.  The forward-looking statements made in this press release speak only as of the date of this press release.  Alder expressly disclaims any duty, obligation or undertaking to release publicly any updates or revisions to any forward-looking statements contained herein to reflect any change in Alder's expectations with regard thereto or any change in events, conditions or circumstances on which any such statements are based. Editor's Note: Photograph available on request Media Contacts:
David Schull or Victoria Meissner
Russo Partners, LLC
(212) 845-4271
(646) 942-5627	
david.schull@russopartnersllc.com 
victoria.meissner@russopartnersllc.com

Investor Relations Contact:
David Walsey
Alder Biopharmaceuticals Inc.
(425) 408-8032
ir@alderbio.com View Comments and Join the Discussion!   View the discussion thread. Trending Recent 1 CNAT, AER: 22 Stocks Moving In Monday's Pre-Market Session 2 KMX, EOG: Barron's Picks And Pans: Under Armour, CarMax, Lowe's... 3 AAPL, EXTR: Top Benzinga Stocks Of The Week: GE, Facebook, Apple... 4 BBRY, TSLA: 5 Stocks To Watch For April 3, 2017 5 FWP, IBKR: Benzinga's Top Upgrades, Down... 6 ALLY, SC: Fund Manager From 'Th... 7 F, TWTR: Elon Musk Loves To... 1 JILL: Deutsche Bank Confident J. Jill Will Continue To Outperform Specialty Appare... 2 SBUX, AKZOY: Wall Street's M&A Chatter From April 3: Panera, Syneron... 3 AMZN, AAPL: Are You Long Amazon, Apple And Facebook? Here's Ho... 4 MDLZ, QQQ: JPMorgan, Mondelez, Mylan: Fast Money Picks Fo... 5 TWTR, KMI: Jim Cramer Weighs In On Twitter And K... 6 AVIR, ACHC: A Peek Into The Markets: U.... 7 PNRA, PEP: Jim Cramer Shares... View upcoming Earnings, Ratings, Dividend and Economic Calendars. Benzinga is a fast-growing, dynamic and innovative financial media outlet that empowers investors with high-quality, unique content. Popular Channels Analyst Ratings Be Your Own Boss ETFs Economics Forex Hot News Options Press Releases Start-ups Tech Tools & Features Affiliate Program PreMarket Prep Feeds News Widget Real Time Feed Sitemap Submit News Tips About Benzinga About Us Licensing and APIs Apps (iOS and Android) Fintech Awards In the News Careers Contact Us Disclaimer Privacy Policy Syndication Terms and Conditions Benzinga Partners 1 (877) 440-9464 (ZING) © Copyright Benzinga Benzinga - Feed Your Mind News Markets Ratings Ideas Tech Small-Cap Personal Finance Premium Products
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Merck & Co. Inc. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Merck & Co. Inc. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Silvercrest Asset Management Group LLC Sells 36,617 Shares of The Coca-Cola Co (KO) Fred Alger Management Inc. Decreases Stake in Intel Co. (INTC) Roundview Capital LLC Has $5,481,000 Position in Alphabet Inc (GOOG) Merck & Co., Inc. (MRK) Shares Sold by Intact Investment Management Inc. Walt Disney Co (DIS) is AMF Pensionsforsakring AB’s 8th Largest Position Atlanta Capital Management Co. L L C Sells 34,236 Shares of Walt Disney Co (DIS) Weibo Corp (WB) Shares Sold by Envestnet Asset Management Inc. Pacific Premier Bancorp, Inc. (PPBI) Rating Increased to Buy at Zacks Investment Research Remy Cointreau Unspon (REMYY) Lifted to “Buy” at Zacks Investment Research Pagegroup PLC (PAGE) Price Target Raised to GBX 430 Fortinet Inc (FTNT) Rating Increased to Outperform at Robert W. Baird Sonic Co. (SONC) Price Target Lowered to $24.00 at Barclays PLC Canaccord Genuity Reiterates  Buy Rating for GVC Holdings PLC (GVC) Humana’s (HUM) Outperform Rating Reiterated at CIBC Lululemon Athletica inc. (LULU) Earns “Buy” Rating from Royal Bank of Canada Kevin J. Yeaman Sells 10,000 Shares of Dolby Laboratories, Inc. (DLB) Stock Colin Roberts Sells 15,598 Shares of Parsley Energy Inc (PE) Stock Folger Hill Asset Management LP Buys New Position in Alphabet Inc (GOOGL) Verizon Communications Inc. (VZ) Shares Sold by Texas Yale Capital Corp. New York State Teachers Retirement System Sells 62,449 Shares of Chevron Co. (CVX) Merck & Co., Inc. (MRK) Shares Sold by Intact Investment Management Inc. April 4th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Stacy Sanders Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet Intact Investment Management Inc. lowered its stake in Merck & Co., Inc. (NYSE:MRK) by 17.3% during the fourth quarter, Holdings Channel reports. The fund owned 6,200 shares of the company’s stock after selling 1,300 shares during the period. Intact Investment Management Inc.’s holdings in Merck & Co. were worth $365,000 at the end of the most recent reporting period. Several other hedge funds have also recently made changes to their positions in the company. Blume Capital Management Inc. raised its stake in shares of Merck & Co. by 14.0% in the third quarter. Blume Capital Management Inc. now owns 1,710 shares of the company’s stock valued at $107,000 after buying an additional 210 shares during the last quarter. Roble Belko & Company Inc raised its stake in shares of Merck & Co. by 16.6% in the third quarter. Roble Belko & Company Inc now owns 2,102 shares of the company’s stock valued at $131,000 after buying an additional 300 shares during the last quarter. NewSquare Capital LLC raised its stake in shares of Merck & Co. by 3.9% in the third quarter. NewSquare Capital LLC now owns 2,187 shares of the company’s stock valued at $137,000 after buying an additional 83 shares during the last quarter. Mascoma Wealth Management LLC purchased a new stake in shares of Merck & Co. during the fourth quarter valued at $135,000. Finally, Cascade Investment Advisors Inc. purchased a new stake in shares of Merck & Co. during the fourth quarter valued at $135,000. 74.10% of the stock is currently owned by institutional investors. Merck & Co., Inc. (NYSE:MRK) opened at 63.47 on Tuesday. The firm has a 50-day moving average price of $64.83 and a 200 day moving average price of $62.45. Merck & Co., Inc. has a 12 month low of $53.06 and a 12 month high of $66.80. The company has a market cap of $174.26 billion, a P/E ratio of 45.01 and a beta of 0.79. Merck & Co. (NYSE:MRK) last announced its earnings results on Thursday, February 2nd. The company reported $0.89 earnings per share for the quarter, topping the Zacks’ consensus estimate of $0.89 by $0.00. The company had revenue of $10.10 billion for the quarter, compared to analyst estimates of $10.22 billion. Merck & Co. had a return on equity of 24.08% and a net margin of 14.30%. The firm’s quarterly revenue was down 1.0% compared to the same quarter last year. During the same quarter last year, the company earned $0.93 earnings per share. On average, equities analysts expect that Merck & Co., Inc. will post $3.81 earnings per share for the current year. The company also recently announced a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Friday, April 7th. Stockholders of record on Wednesday, March 15th will be paid a dividend of $0.47 per share. The ex-dividend date is Monday, March 13th. This represents a $1.88 dividend on an annualized basis and a dividend yield of 2.96%. Merck & Co.’s dividend payout ratio (DPR) is currently 92.61%. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION NOTICE: This piece of content was originally posted by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are reading this piece of content on another website, it was copied illegally and reposted in violation of US and international trademark and copyright legislation. The original version of this piece of content can be read at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/04/04/merck-co-inc-mrk-shares-sold-by-intact-investment-management-inc.html. Several brokerages recently commented on MRK. BMO Capital Markets reaffirmed a “buy” rating and issued a $70.00 price target on shares of Merck & Co. in a research note on Tuesday, March 21st. Vetr lowered Merck & Co. from a “hold” rating to a “sell” rating and set a $57.17 price target on the stock. in a research note on Wednesday, December 14th. Jefferies Group LLC reaffirmed an “underperform” rating and issued a $48.00 price target on shares of Merck & Co. in a research note on Thursday, January 12th. Zacks Investment Research lowered Merck & Co. from a “buy” rating to a “hold” rating in a research note on Wednesday, December 7th. Finally, Piper Jaffray Companies raised Merck & Co. from a “neutral” rating to an “overweight” rating and set a $72.00 price target on the stock in a research note on Thursday, January 12th. One analyst has rated the stock with a sell rating, seven have issued a hold rating and twelve have issued a buy rating to the stock. The stock presently has a consensus rating of “Buy” and an average price target of $67.72. In other news, Director Thomas R. Cech sold 5,000 shares of the stock in a transaction that occurred on Friday, February 3rd. The stock was sold at an average price of $63.42, for a total transaction of $317,100.00. Following the transaction, the director now owns 5,100 shares in the company, valued at $323,442. The sale was disclosed in a filing with the SEC, which is available through the SEC website. Also, EVP Michael J. Holston sold 91,959 shares of the stock in a transaction that occurred on Friday, February 3rd. The stock was sold at an average price of $63.96, for a total value of $5,881,697.64. Following the transaction, the executive vice president now owns 105,559 shares in the company, valued at approximately $6,751,553.64. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. In the last quarter, insiders have sold 106,959 shares of company stock worth $6,843,448. 0.05% of the stock is owned by corporate insiders. About Merck & Co. Merck & Co, Inc is a global healthcare company. The Company offers health solutions through its prescription medicines, vaccines, biologic therapies and animal health products. It operates through four segments: Pharmaceutical, Animal Health, Healthcare Services and Alliances. The Company’s Pharmaceutical segment includes human health pharmaceutical and vaccine products marketed either directly by the Company or through joint ventures. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding MRK? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Merck & Co., Inc. (NYSE:MRK). Receive News & Ratings for Merck & Co. Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Merck & Co. Inc. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Senate Facing Showdown over Nomination of Neil Gorsuch Ex-Trump Advisor Michael Flynn Seeking Immunity Challenges on Rollback of Climate Policies to Come President Trump Creating American Innovation Office Republicans in Senate Vote to Repeal Rules on Internet Privacy © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 4 April 2017 by satprnews satprnews Immune Checkpoint Inhibitors Market Volume Analysis, size, share and Key Trends 2017-2027 Cancer is the leading cause of death worldwide and hence offers a lot of unmet research areas yet to be targeted. The field of oncology is wide comprising a varied type of application area. The focus of researchers is gradually shifting towards the immunotherapies. The immunotherapy makes the use of body’s own components to fight cancer. Immune checkpoints are molecules that stimulate or inhibit the immune cells. Yervoy was the first drug launched in the immune checkpoint inhibitors domain. This anit-CTLA-4 drug was followed by many other drugs such as Keytruda and Opdivo. Besides these molecules there are several others under clinical development. There is an ongoing competition between the immune checkpoint inhibitors market contributors to emerge as a leader. Immune Checkpoint Inhibitors Market: Drivers and Restraints The immune checkpoint inhibitors market is driven by the number of research developments undertaken by industry contributors as well as academic institutes. The immune checkpoint inhibitors market is experiencing a lot of collaborations wherein companies are combining their core competencies to fasten their research programs. For instance, Merck known as MSD outside the U.S. and Canada along with Dynavax Technologies Corporation are investigating the potential synergistic effects by combining Dynavax’s SD-101 with two of Merck’s immunotherapies Keytruda and MK-1966. Request Report Sample@ http://www.futuremarketinsights.com/reports/sample/rep-gb-3326 Immune Checkpoint Inhibitors Market: Segmentation Immune checkpoint inhibitors market is classified on the basis of drug targets, application and region. Based on drug targets the immune checkpoint inhibitors market is segmented into the following: PD-1 inhibitors PD-L1 inhibitors CTLA-4 Chimeric Antigen Receptor T-cell (CAR-T) Others Monoclonal antibodies that target either PD-L1 or PD-1 can block its binding to the cells and boost immune response against cancer cells. There are many clinical trials in pipeline where in drugs that targets either PD-1 inhibitors or PD-L1 inhibitors are tested alone or in combination with other drugs. Based on application the immune checkpoint inhibitors market is segmented into the following: Lung cancer Renal cancer Blood cancer Bladder cancer Hodgkin lymphoma Melanoma Others Immune Checkpoint Inhibitors Market: Overview The immune checkpoint inhibitor market is driven by the need to address the rising rate of cancer prevalence thereby affecting the country healthcare cost. In UK, lung cancer is the leading cause of cancer related death. The survival rate past five years has only being 9% after the person is diagnosed with lung cancer. The new form of immunotherapy based on the inhibition of programmed death-ligand 1 (PD-L1) and programmed death-1 (PD-1) receptors has shown hope as a therapy option for lung cancer. Request For TOC@ http://www.futuremarketinsights.com/toc/rep-gb-3326 Immune Checkpoint Inhibitors Market: Region-wise Outlook In terms of geography, immune checkpoint inhibitors market has been divided into five regions including North- America, Asia- Pacific and Middle-East & Africa, Latin America and Europe. The number of clinical trials and research funding is relatively high in North America, making it the dominant region in terms of revenue in the immune checkpoint inhibitors market. In September 2014, Merck received accelerated FDA approval for its Keytruda molecule to treat patient with advanced melanoma. The company is forming global alliances with other companies to co-develop immnuo-oncology research and expand its oncology business. Asia Pacific is the fastest growing region in the immune checkpoint inhibitors market as there are number of research collaborations of international players with companies from this region. For instance, Bristol-Myers Squibb received Japanese approval for Opdivo in 2014, through partnership with Ono Pharmaceuticals. Immune Checkpoint Inhibitors Market: Key Market Participants Some of the market contributors to the immune checkpoint inhibitors market are Bristol-Myers Squibb, Merck & Co., Inc., Roche, AstraZeneca, Merck KGaA, Ono Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd., Novartis International AG, Juno Therapeutics and Kite Pharma. There is intense competition in the immune checkpoint inhibitors market which is driving acquisitions and in-licensing agreements. The major immune checkpoint inhibitors market participants are striving to expand and diversify their product pipeline. Moreover, companies are forming alliances to synergize their programs to develop combination therapies. There are number of small players who are trying to explore the potential of immune checkpoint inhibitors market by developing next generation immune checkpoint inhibitors therapy. CategoriesUncategorized TagsGoogle News, Healthcare, Immune Checkpoint Inhibitors Market, satPRnews Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Sports Software Market Research Report: Key Manufacturers, business landscape and Opportunities by 2021 Next PostNext Probiotic Ingredients Market 2022: New Business Opportunities for Manufactures to Upsurge in Coming Years Search Recent Posts Global Tequila Market 2017-2021 Global Toys and Games Market 2017-2021 Future of Asset Tracking in Manufacturing GOGL – Filing of 2016 Annual Report on Form 20-F Digital Marketing Firm in McKinney, TX Participates in Ribbon Cutting Event Business Directory Business Contacts Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content Skip to content Home About Our Authority Authors / Contact Privacy Notice Archives Advertise Here! The Pub Flyer/Card Think Tank Entrepreneurs Know Your Enemy Barack Hussein Obama aka Barry Soetoro: World Citizen Cable News Propagandists George Soros – Bringing Down America Rush Limbaugh The 10 Wealthiest Members of Congress The Federal Reserve The Global Warming Myth The Supreme Court U.S. Chamber of Commerce Hometown Corporate Mafia The Wendt Gang Red Pill Documentaries The United States Constitution The Federalist Papers The Anti-Federalist Papers The Word From the Trenches Archives Choose from 5 Gift Options with a minimum donation of $35 Or you can mail donations to Henry Shivley at P.O. Box 964, Chiloquin, OR 97624 ← US Envoy: Syrians Don’t Want Assad as Leader Richmond Fed President Lacker says he was involved with Medley leak, announces immediate resignation → Merck in hot water over dangerous shingles vaccine that caused numerous injuries, deaths Posted on April 4, 2017 by Mary Natural News – by Ethan Huff Commercials for the jab showing happy people free of shingles are a common feature of television advertising. But Merck & Co’s “Zosatavax” vaccine to prevent varicella, the adult version of chickenpox, is causing the international drug giant some serious headaches after numerous people who got the shot suffered injuries and/or death. Multiple lawsuits are making their way through the court system alleging that Merck’s blockbuster vaccine for shingles isn’t safe, and could cause serious adverse effects. Plaintiffs in the state of Pennsylvania, and elsewhere, allege that Zostavax isn’t safe, and are taking to both the state and federal court system to seek justice.   According to Marc Bern of Marc J. Bern & Partners, there have been “thousands of complaints” about Zostavax in Pennsylvania alone. Patient injuries from the vaccine, he says, range from shingles itself, which the vaccine is supposed to prevent, to serious personal injuries such as blindness and paralysis. Other reports of adverse effects from Zostavax include brain damage and death. “I think Merck has failed terribly … to warn about the very serious side effects and the failure of the vaccine to do what they claim it does,” Bern told FiercePharma. Merck vehemently defends Zostavax, just like it does all of its deadly drugs and vaccines Merck, which also manufactures the deadly Gardasil vaccine for HPV and cervical cancer, is taking to usual form in full defense of Zostavax. The multinational drug corporation says it “stands behind the demonstrated safety and efficacy” of the shot, which the company has paid tens of millions of dollars to get approved in 50 countries. (RELATED: Find more news about vaccines at Vaccines.news) More than 36 million doses of Zostavax have been injected into people’s bodies since the vaccine first hit the market in 2006. Merck claims that most of these vaccine injections didn’t cause any problems, and thus constitute a full and complete record of safety, for which the public should be assured. But the thousands of people who took the shot and are now permanently injured or dead tell a much different story. So many people are filing lawsuits against Merck over Zostavax that Bern would like to see them grouped for mass tort status. Attorney Michael Katz, from the law firm Lopez McHugh, has likewise filed several injury cases in federal court concerning Zostavax, and anticipates hundreds more in the near future. According to data compiled by the Philadelphia-based law firm, Zostavax is only effective in about 51 percent of people who get the shot. And many of those who receive the vaccine end up getting shingles anyway, based on the numbers, which suggests that the vaccine is neither safe nor effective in the majority of people who receive it, contrary to what Merck continues to claim. “There is some indication that the vaccination is linked to death,” the Lopez McHugh website contends. “NCIV (The National Vaccine Information Center) analysis indicates that there were more than 1,100 serious adverse event reports made to the Vaccine Adverse Events Reporting System from 1990 until September 2015 related to shingles-containing vaccinations. Of these reports, 90 were for deaths associated with the shingles vaccine.” Merck must have missed this important data, as it usually does when billions of dollars in profit are on the line. Just in the last year alone, the drug and vaccine behemoth raked in $749 million in sales from Zostavax, so there’s a whole lot to lose from the vaccine potentially losing its approved status due to being a deadly threat. Sources for this article include: FiercePharma.com LopezMcHugh.com http://www.naturalnews.com/2017-04-04-merck-in-hot-water-over-dangerous-shingles-vaccine-that-caused-numerous-injuries-deaths.html Share this: Print Email Share on Tumblr Tweet Pocket This entry was posted in News. Bookmark the permalink. 572 ← US Envoy: Syrians Don’t Want Assad as Leader Richmond Fed President Lacker says he was involved with Medley leak, announces immediate resignation → 4 Responses to Merck in hot water over dangerous shingles vaccine that caused numerous injuries, deaths Paul says: April 4, 2017 at 3:05 pm Hey Mary Thanks for this. I have an in-law who takes every vaccine that comes along. I intend to send this to him. Reply mary in ND says: April 4, 2017 at 4:01 pm maybe he will take a look at this site http://www.vaccinefraud.com/ Reply # 1 NWO Hatr says: April 4, 2017 at 4:05 pm Hopefully the cognitive dissonance disruption won’t cause any permanent damage, Paul. 🙄 Reply Clarioncaller says: April 4, 2017 at 4:12 pm I think the moral of this story is…….’why would anyone trust Merck to supply a shingles vaccine that does no harm, when their MMR vaccine is causing autism at the rate of 1 in 75 children? Reply Leave a Reply Cancel reply Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment Name * Email * Website Notify me of follow-up comments by email. Notify me of new posts by email. Doom and Bloom E-Cigarettes Listen Live Monday - Friday 12 pm - 2 pm Pacific Call in line:  (641) 715-3610 Conference line:  220029# The Word From the Trenches Archives RICO REALTY The Looted Trillions Roscoe Reports US National Debt Clock Search Articles Search for: Connect     Notify of New Posts Email Address Get your AE 9/11 and Israel/Palestine Information Packets Help Support From the Trenches Or you can mail donations to Henry Shivley at P.O. Box 964, Chiloquin, OR 97624 This Land Photos Recent Comments dr.ante on The Vitamin C treatment for Whooping Cough Martist on Montana Democrats Vote Against Bill Banning Sharia Law Martist on Montana Democrats Vote Against Bill Banning Sharia Law Oddizee on US Envoy: Syrians Don’t Want Assad as Leader BMF on Montana Democrats Vote Against Bill Banning Sharia Law NC on US Envoy: Syrians Don’t Want Assad as Leader NC on Iceland’s Jailed Bankers Are Back, Demanding They Were Crisis Scapegoats NC on US Just Admitted “ISIS HQ” They Blew Up Was Actually an Innocent Family’s Home NC on Trump signs bill blocking online privacy regulation charlie brown on Suspected Syria gas attack kills dozens, including children Darzak on Payless ShoeSource is filing for bankruptcy Katie on Payless ShoeSource is filing for bankruptcy tess on Montana Democrats Vote Against Bill Banning Sharia Law # 1 NWO Hatr on What Could Go Wrong? Police Pushing To Bring Back “Warning Shots” Kantucky on Montana Democrats Vote Against Bill Banning Sharia Law Grump on Payless ShoeSource is filing for bankruptcy # 1 NWO Hatr on US Just Admitted “ISIS HQ” They Blew Up Was Actually an Innocent Family’s Home # 1 NWO Hatr on State Dept Official: Israel & Saudi Arabia created ISIS with CIA – Dr Steve Pieczenik # 1 NWO Hatr on Trump signs bill blocking online privacy regulation # 1 NWO Hatr on Neighbors Push Back After Hurst Police Hover Drone Over Back Yard Without Warning Help Support From the Trenches  Subscribe in a reader © 2010 - 2017 From the Trenches World Report Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
Skip to content Skip to content Home About Our Authority Authors / Contact Privacy Notice Archives Advertise Here! The Pub Flyer/Card Think Tank Entrepreneurs Know Your Enemy Barack Hussein Obama aka Barry Soetoro: World Citizen Cable News Propagandists George Soros – Bringing Down America Rush Limbaugh The 10 Wealthiest Members of Congress The Federal Reserve The Global Warming Myth The Supreme Court U.S. Chamber of Commerce Hometown Corporate Mafia The Wendt Gang Red Pill Documentaries The United States Constitution The Federalist Papers The Anti-Federalist Papers The Word From the Trenches Archives Choose from 5 Gift Options with a minimum donation of $35 Or you can mail donations to Henry Shivley at P.O. Box 964, Chiloquin, OR 97624 ← US Envoy: Syrians Don’t Want Assad as Leader Richmond Fed President Lacker says he was involved with Medley leak, announces immediate resignation → Merck in hot water over dangerous shingles vaccine that caused numerous injuries, deaths Posted on April 4, 2017 by Mary Natural News – by Ethan Huff Commercials for the jab showing happy people free of shingles are a common feature of television advertising. But Merck & Co’s “Zosatavax” vaccine to prevent varicella, the adult version of chickenpox, is causing the international drug giant some serious headaches after numerous people who got the shot suffered injuries and/or death. Multiple lawsuits are making their way through the court system alleging that Merck’s blockbuster vaccine for shingles isn’t safe, and could cause serious adverse effects. Plaintiffs in the state of Pennsylvania, and elsewhere, allege that Zostavax isn’t safe, and are taking to both the state and federal court system to seek justice.   According to Marc Bern of Marc J. Bern & Partners, there have been “thousands of complaints” about Zostavax in Pennsylvania alone. Patient injuries from the vaccine, he says, range from shingles itself, which the vaccine is supposed to prevent, to serious personal injuries such as blindness and paralysis. Other reports of adverse effects from Zostavax include brain damage and death. “I think Merck has failed terribly … to warn about the very serious side effects and the failure of the vaccine to do what they claim it does,” Bern told FiercePharma. Merck vehemently defends Zostavax, just like it does all of its deadly drugs and vaccines Merck, which also manufactures the deadly Gardasil vaccine for HPV and cervical cancer, is taking to usual form in full defense of Zostavax. The multinational drug corporation says it “stands behind the demonstrated safety and efficacy” of the shot, which the company has paid tens of millions of dollars to get approved in 50 countries. (RELATED: Find more news about vaccines at Vaccines.news) More than 36 million doses of Zostavax have been injected into people’s bodies since the vaccine first hit the market in 2006. Merck claims that most of these vaccine injections didn’t cause any problems, and thus constitute a full and complete record of safety, for which the public should be assured. But the thousands of people who took the shot and are now permanently injured or dead tell a much different story. So many people are filing lawsuits against Merck over Zostavax that Bern would like to see them grouped for mass tort status. Attorney Michael Katz, from the law firm Lopez McHugh, has likewise filed several injury cases in federal court concerning Zostavax, and anticipates hundreds more in the near future. According to data compiled by the Philadelphia-based law firm, Zostavax is only effective in about 51 percent of people who get the shot. And many of those who receive the vaccine end up getting shingles anyway, based on the numbers, which suggests that the vaccine is neither safe nor effective in the majority of people who receive it, contrary to what Merck continues to claim. “There is some indication that the vaccination is linked to death,” the Lopez McHugh website contends. “NCIV (The National Vaccine Information Center) analysis indicates that there were more than 1,100 serious adverse event reports made to the Vaccine Adverse Events Reporting System from 1990 until September 2015 related to shingles-containing vaccinations. Of these reports, 90 were for deaths associated with the shingles vaccine.” Merck must have missed this important data, as it usually does when billions of dollars in profit are on the line. Just in the last year alone, the drug and vaccine behemoth raked in $749 million in sales from Zostavax, so there’s a whole lot to lose from the vaccine potentially losing its approved status due to being a deadly threat. Sources for this article include: FiercePharma.com LopezMcHugh.com http://www.naturalnews.com/2017-04-04-merck-in-hot-water-over-dangerous-shingles-vaccine-that-caused-numerous-injuries-deaths.html Share this: Print Email Share on Tumblr Tweet Pocket This entry was posted in News. Bookmark the permalink. 573 ← US Envoy: Syrians Don’t Want Assad as Leader Richmond Fed President Lacker says he was involved with Medley leak, announces immediate resignation → 4 Responses to Merck in hot water over dangerous shingles vaccine that caused numerous injuries, deaths Paul says: April 4, 2017 at 3:05 pm Hey Mary Thanks for this. I have an in-law who takes every vaccine that comes along. I intend to send this to him. Reply mary in ND says: April 4, 2017 at 4:01 pm maybe he will take a look at this site http://www.vaccinefraud.com/ Reply # 1 NWO Hatr says: April 4, 2017 at 4:05 pm Hopefully the cognitive dissonance disruption won’t cause any permanent damage, Paul. 🙄 Reply Clarioncaller says: April 4, 2017 at 4:12 pm I think the moral of this story is…….’why would anyone trust Merck to supply a shingles vaccine that does no harm, when their MMR vaccine is causing autism at the rate of 1 in 75 children? Reply Leave a Reply Cancel reply Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment Name * Email * Website Notify me of follow-up comments by email. Notify me of new posts by email. Doom and Bloom E-Cigarettes Listen Live Monday - Friday 12 pm - 2 pm Pacific Call in line:  (641) 715-3610 Conference line:  220029# The Word From the Trenches Archives RICO REALTY The Looted Trillions Roscoe Reports US National Debt Clock Search Articles Search for: Connect     Notify of New Posts Email Address Get your AE 9/11 and Israel/Palestine Information Packets Help Support From the Trenches Or you can mail donations to Henry Shivley at P.O. Box 964, Chiloquin, OR 97624 This Land Photos Recent Comments dr.ante on The Vitamin C treatment for Whooping Cough Martist on Montana Democrats Vote Against Bill Banning Sharia Law Martist on Montana Democrats Vote Against Bill Banning Sharia Law Oddizee on US Envoy: Syrians Don’t Want Assad as Leader BMF on Montana Democrats Vote Against Bill Banning Sharia Law NC on US Envoy: Syrians Don’t Want Assad as Leader NC on Iceland’s Jailed Bankers Are Back, Demanding They Were Crisis Scapegoats NC on US Just Admitted “ISIS HQ” They Blew Up Was Actually an Innocent Family’s Home NC on Trump signs bill blocking online privacy regulation charlie brown on Suspected Syria gas attack kills dozens, including children Darzak on Payless ShoeSource is filing for bankruptcy Katie on Payless ShoeSource is filing for bankruptcy tess on Montana Democrats Vote Against Bill Banning Sharia Law # 1 NWO Hatr on What Could Go Wrong? Police Pushing To Bring Back “Warning Shots” Kantucky on Montana Democrats Vote Against Bill Banning Sharia Law Grump on Payless ShoeSource is filing for bankruptcy # 1 NWO Hatr on US Just Admitted “ISIS HQ” They Blew Up Was Actually an Innocent Family’s Home # 1 NWO Hatr on State Dept Official: Israel & Saudi Arabia created ISIS with CIA – Dr Steve Pieczenik # 1 NWO Hatr on Trump signs bill blocking online privacy regulation # 1 NWO Hatr on Neighbors Push Back After Hurst Police Hover Drone Over Back Yard Without Warning Help Support From the Trenches  Subscribe in a reader © 2010 - 2017 From the Trenches World Report Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
Market Trend Market Trend The Big Picture Stock Market Today IBD's ETF Market Strategy Psychological Market Indicators Stock Lists Stock Lists IBD 50 IBD Big Cap 20 IPO Leaders Stocks Near A Buy Zone Sector Leaders New Highs Global Leaders Your Weekly Review Stock Spotlight Relative Strength at New High Rising Profit Estimates CAN SLIM Select Stocks On The Move Stocks that Funds are Buying Tech Leaders IBD Data Tables Research Stock Research IBD Stock Checkup IBD Charts ETFs & Funds Investing Action Plan The Income Investor ETF Center Earnings Preview Industry Snapshot IBD Industry Themes IBD Stock Analysis Short Selling Futures & Options The New America Swing Trading Bonds IBD Data Stories Premium Investing Tools Leaderboard Swing Trader eTables Top Rated Stocks Under $10 MarketSmith News NEWS eIBD Best ETFs Technology ETF Leaders Click Tech Blog Best Mutual Funds FANG Stocks News Economy Retirement Economic Calendar Personal Finance Real Estate Financial Advisor Briefing Special Reports Management Politics Politics Editorials Trump News & Tweets Commentary The Trump Economy Columnists Economic Optimism Index Policy & Analysis IBD/TIPP Poll IBD Videos Investing Videos Home Study Programs How to Invest Lesson Topics Getting Started with IBD The CAN SLIM Investing System How to Time the Stock Market How to Find and Evaluate Stocks How to Read Stock Charts How to Buy Stocks How to Sell Stocks Swing Trading Educational Resources New to IBD IBD Meetups Ask IBD Investor's Corner IBD Key Terms IBD Live Workshops IBD Home Study Courses Webinars Leaderboard Swing Trader MarketSmith Store BREAKING:  Stocks Close Little Changed News Shopping Cart Your cart is currently empty. Visit the IBD Store to get started. Market Trend Market Trend The Big Picture Stock Market Today IBD's ETF Market Strategy Psychological Market Indicators Stock Lists Stock Lists IBD 50 IBD Big Cap 20 IPO Leaders Stocks Near A Buy Zone Sector Leaders New Highs Global Leaders Your Weekly Review Stock Spotlight Relative Strength at New High Rising Profit Estimates CAN SLIM Select Stocks On The Move Stocks that Funds are Buying Tech Leaders IBD Data Tables Research Stock Research IBD Stock Checkup IBD Charts ETFs & Funds Investing Action Plan The Income Investor ETF Center Earnings Preview Industry Snapshot IBD Industry Themes IBD Stock Analysis Short Selling Futures & Options The New America Swing Trading Bonds IBD Data Stories Premium Investing Tools Leaderboard Swing Trader eTables Top Rated Stocks Under $10 MarketSmith News NEWS eIBD Best ETFs Technology ETF Leaders Click Tech Blog Best Mutual Funds FANG Stocks News Economy Retirement Economic Calendar Personal Finance Real Estate Financial Advisor Briefing Special Reports Management Politics Politics Editorials Trump News & Tweets Commentary The Trump Economy Columnists Economic Optimism Index Policy & Analysis IBD/TIPP Poll IBD Videos Investing Videos Home Study Programs How to Invest Lesson Topics Getting Started with IBD The CAN SLIM Investing System How to Time the Stock Market How to Find and Evaluate Stocks How to Read Stock Charts How to Buy Stocks How to Sell Stocks Swing Trading Educational Resources New to IBD IBD Meetups Ask IBD Investor's Corner IBD Key Terms IBD Live Workshops IBD Home Study Courses Webinars Leaderboard Swing Trader MarketSmith Store Hi MY IBD SIGN OUT My Products My Favorites My Stock Lists Edit Sign In Shopping Cart Hi SIGN OUT My Products My Favorites Edit My Stock Lists SIGN IN REGISTER Keep me signed in Signing in... Can't access my account Need to register? I am a current subscriber and need to register. I am not a current subscriber and want to register for a free membership. Next Not a member? Try 4 weeks of IBD Digital Premium and get instant access to exclusive stock lists, proprietary ratings and actionable stock analysis. Get Started Now! Current subscribers register here. Keep me signed in Signing in... Forgot your password? Technology Bristol Keeps Up With Merck In Cancer, But Incyte Is True Winner: Analyst Incyte may be the big winner as companies develop a new class of cancer drugs. (Kris Tripplaar/Sipa USA/Newscom) ALLISON GATLIN 4/04/2017 Reprints Bristol-Myers Squibb (BMY) is keeping pace with rival Merck (MRK) after announcing a partnership with Incyte (INCY) that will see drug combos in lung and head-and-neck cancers in late-stage trials this year. Incyte, though, appears to be the biggest beneficiary, RBC analyst Simos Simeonidis said in a note to clients. Simeonidis boosted his price target on Incyte stock to 157 from 138. Per the agreement, Incyte can test its drug, epacadostat, with drugs from other companies. That's important because some drugmakers are testing combinations of immuno-oncology drugs and Incyte is one of just a handful working on what's known as an IDO-1 inhibitor. Immuno-oncology drugs work by teaching the immune system to identify cancer. IDO-1 inhibitors target a specific protein. "Importantly, this arrangement maintains optionality for (Incyte's drug) epacadostat going forward and leaves open the possibility for the drug to be approved for use in combination with multiple checkpoint inhibitors," Simeonidis wrote in a note titled "Bristol keeps up with Merck in the IDO game." Incyte is testing epacadostat in combination with Merck's Keytruda, Bristol's Opdivo and AstraZeneca's (AZN) durvalumab and tremelimumab. Keytruda and Opdivo inhibit the interaction — called a checkpoint — between the immune system and a camouflaged cancer cell to help the immune system see the cancer. IBD'S TAKE: What if your body could fight off cancer cells like it fights off the everyday germs? It's not a dream, it's a reality. Head to IBD's Technology page for a breakdown on the emerging immuno-oncology sector. AstraZeneca's durvalumab targets the PD-L1 protein, and tremelimumab target the CTLA-4 protein receptor, similar to Bristol's Yervoy. Incyte and AstraZeneca are working on Phase 1/2 studies of these drugs in combination with epacadostat. "We would expect Phase 3 go/no-go decisions from these combinations starting this year and into 2018," Simeonidis wrote. This means AstraZeneca will trail Merck and Bristol slightly as they now are prepping to advance combinations with epacadostat into Phase 3 trials. In midday trading on the stock market today, Bristol stock slipped 0.1% to 54.14, and Merck stock lifted a fraction, to 63.67. Incyte stock was up 2.2% to 141.55. AstraZeneca stock was up less than 1% to 31.28. RELATED: Bristol 'Can't Afford To Lose' To Dow Stock Merck In Immuno-Oncology Will Bristol Prove This Longtime Theory In Cancer Defense? Dow's Merck Swipes Immuno-Oncology Share From Heavyweight Rivals ALLISON GATLIN | Facebook | @IBD_AGatlin Share this: Related news Bristol 'Can't Afford To Lose' To Dow Stock Merck In Immuno-Oncology 4/03/2017 Bristol stock popped early Monday after the drugmaker's immuno-oncology combination significantly improved overall survival in melanoma patients. 4/03/2017 Bristol stock popped early Monday after the drugmaker's immuno-oncology combination... Will Bristol Prove This Longtime Theory In Cancer Defense? Will Trump's FDA Chill Innovation Or Kill 'Astronomical' Prices? Why Clovis' Advantage Might Squash Tesaro In Ovarian Cancer Tesaro Creeps Up On Rivals With Cancer Drug OK, But Merger Unlikely Can Pfizer Boost Its Value By $5 Billion By Taking Over Bristol? Stocks Reversing Lower; Some Medicals Rise As Health Care Bill Teeters Dow's Merck Swipes Immuno-Oncology Share From Heavyweight Rivals Bristol-Myers Partner Hits 18-Month High On Immuno-Oncology Deal Today's Spotlight MarketSmith Free Access Week Get free access to MarketSmith this week only. Make smarter investing decisions. Register now! IBD Trading Summit Attend a Summit in Sacramento (4/8) or Chicago (4/22) to learn about swing trading & growth stocks! Free MarketSmith Webinar – April 5th Get the 3 steps to finding top stocks in MarketSmith. Plus see recent stocks with 20%+ gains. More News Snap Initiated At Neutral; Can It Out-Innovate Facebook? Google shares were downgraded by a couple of brokerages Tuesday, over several concerns. (Benny Marty/Shutterstock) Alphabet Downgraded On Amazon Advertising Momentum When US Rates Rise, It's Survival of the Globalest Promoted Content By AB (AllianceBernstein) Special Report IBD/TIPP Poll: Economic Optimism Index The IBD/TIPP Economic Optimism Index declined 3.6 points in April. TRADING CENTER INVESTING RESOURCES SUBSCRIBE TO THE IBD DIGITAL EDITION Get 4 free weeks of the IBD Digital edition plus access to IBD's exclusive market analysis, proprietary stock ratings and interactive tools. WATCH, LEARN AND LISTEN WITH IBD VIDEOS Stay on top of the market with IBD's exclusive videos. You will find the latest news, market analysis, and education to help you become a more successful investor. GETTING STARTED WITH IBD Get the most out of IBD's products and features by learning the CAN SLIM Investing System and staying in sync with the market trend. IBD Stock Charts IBD Stock Checkup Stock Quotes CAN SLIM Advisors MarketSmith How to Buy Stocks How to Read Stock Charts When to Sell Stocks IBD Retail Locations Ad Choices About Us Advertising Contact Us Terms & Privacy Policy Site Map IBD Stock Charts IBD Stock Checkup Stock Quotes CAN SLIM Advisors MarketSmith How to Buy Stocks How to Read Stock Charts When to Sell Stocks IBD Retail Locations Ad Choices Stock Market Today The Big Picture Economic Calendar Investing Workshops New to IBD Economy Technology Politics Editorials Co-Browse Connect With Us On Notice: Information contained herein is not and should not be construed as an offer, solicitation, or recommendation to buy or sell securities. The information has been obtained from sources we believe to be reliable; however no guarantee is made or implied with respect to its accuracy, timeliness, or completeness. Authors may own the stocks they discuss. The information and content are subject to change without notice. *Real-time prices by Bats®. Volume delayed. Real-time quote and/or trade prices are not sourced from all markets. © 2000-2017 Investor's Business Daily, Inc. All rights reserved
× Ad Blocker Interference Detected It looks like you're using an ad blocker, which blocks not only this site's ads but also article content. Please whitelist this site to be able to see all the articles, without missing out on important news. Firefox: Click ad blocker icon in menu bar and then click "Disable on naturalnews.com" to whitelist. Chrome: Click ad blocker icon in menu bar and then click "Enabled on this site" to whitelist. Opera: Click ad blocker icon in menu bar and then click "Enabled on this site" to whitelist. Internet Explorer: Click Tools icon in menu bar then click "Manage add-ons". In Manage Add-ons windows, find ad blocker add-on and disable it. It will apply after restart IE. Naturalnews.com Home Subscribe (Free) About NaturalNews Contact Us Write for NaturalNews Media info Advertising info ARTICLES BLOGS LABS SCIENCE REFERENCE REPORTS VIDEOS RADIO INFOGRAPHICS MUSIC CARTOONS LIBRARY RSS STORE Search Powered by GoodGopher.com #SurveillanceGate bombshell: Prison time for Obama officials? Merck in hot water over dangerous shingles vaccine that caused numerous injuries, deaths Tuesday, April 04, 2017 by: Ethan Huff Tags: Merck, vaccine, zostavax (Natural News) Commercials for the jab showing happy people free of shingles are a common feature of television advertising. But Merck & Co’s “Zosatavax” vaccine to prevent varicella, the adult version of chickenpox, is causing the international drug giant some serious headaches after numerous people who got the shot suffered injuries and/or death. Multiple lawsuits are making their way through the court system alleging that Merck’s blockbuster vaccine for shingles isn’t safe, and could cause serious adverse effects. Plaintiffs in the state of Pennsylvania, and elsewhere, allege that Zostavax isn’t safe, and are taking to both the state and federal court system to seek justice. According to Marc Bern of Marc J. Bern & Partners, there have been “thousands of complaints” about Zostavax in Pennsylvania alone. Patient injuries from the vaccine, he says, range from shingles itself, which the vaccine is supposed to prevent, to serious personal injuries such as blindness and paralysis. Other reports of adverse effects from Zostavax include brain damage and death. “I think Merck has failed terribly … to warn about the very serious side effects and the failure of the vaccine to do what they claim it does,” Bern told FiercePharma. Merck vehemently defends Zostavax, just like it does all of its deadly drugs and vaccines Merck, which also manufactures the deadly Gardasil vaccine for HPV and cervical cancer, is taking to usual form in full defense of Zostavax. The multinational drug corporation says it “stands behind the demonstrated safety and efficacy” of the shot, which the company has paid tens of millions of dollars to get approved in 50 countries. (RELATED: Find more news about vaccines at Vaccines.news) More than 36 million doses of Zostavax have been injected into people’s bodies since the vaccine first hit the market in 2006. Merck claims that most of these vaccine injections didn’t cause any problems, and thus constitute a full and complete record of safety, for which the public should be assured. But the thousands of people who took the shot and are now permanently injured or dead tell a much different story. So many people are filing lawsuits against Merck over Zostavax that Bern would like to see them grouped for mass tort status. Attorney Michael Katz, from the law firm Lopez McHugh, has likewise filed several injury cases in federal court concerning Zostavax, and anticipates hundreds more in the near future. According to data compiled by the Philadelphia-based law firm, Zostavax is only effective in about 51 percent of people who get the shot. And many of those who receive the vaccine end up getting shingles anyway, based on the numbers, which suggests that the vaccine is neither safe nor effective in the majority of people who receive it, contrary to what Merck continues to claim. “There is some indication that the vaccination is linked to death,” the Lopez McHugh website contends. “NCIV (The National Vaccine Information Center) analysis indicates that there were more than 1,100 serious adverse event reports made to the Vaccine Adverse Events Reporting System from 1990 until September 2015 related to shingles-containing vaccinations. Of these reports, 90 were for deaths associated with the shingles vaccine.” Merck must have missed this important data, as it usually does when billions of dollars in profit are on the line. Just in the last year alone, the drug and vaccine behemoth raked in $749 million in sales from Zostavax, so there’s a whole lot to lose from the vaccine potentially losing its approved status due to being a deadly threat. Sources for this article include: FiercePharma.com LopezMcHugh.com Previous :Rising poverty and crime rates force hundreds of thousands to flee Democrat-run cities Join the Health Ranger's FREE email newsletter Get breaking news alerts on GMOs, fluoride, superfoods, natural cures and more... (Note: Avoid using gmail.com addresses, because Google deliberately censors this email newsletter to protect Big Pharma's profits.) Your privacy is protected. Unsubscribe at any time. | Learn more... More news on Merck Merck in hot water over dangerous shingles vaccine that caused numerous injuries, deaths CDC: Mumps outbreak can still occur in highly VACCINATED communities Scientists shocked to learn that shingles vaccines can transform vaccinated people into “carriers” who spread infectious disease Robert F Kennedy Jr: CDC an “edifice of fraud” Disqus Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Take Action: Support Natural News by linking to this article from your website Permalink to this article: http://www.naturalnews.com/2017-04-04-merck-in-hot-water-over-dangerous-shingles-vaccine-that-caused-numerous-injuries-deaths.html Embed article link: (copy HTML code below): <a href="http://www.naturalnews.com/2017-04-04-merck-in-hot-water-over-dangerous-shingles-vaccine-that-caused-numerous-injuries-deaths.html">Merck in hot water over dangerous shingles vaccine that caused numerous injuries, deaths</a> Reprinting this article: Non-commercial use OK, cite NaturalNews.com with clickable link. Follow Natural News on Facebook, Twitter, Google Plus, and Pinterest Most Viewed Articles Today Week Month Year Obama officials caught red-handed in most explosive abuse of power in U.S. history… bigger than Watergate… is Susan Rice going to prison? - NaturalNews.com North Korea ready to nuke America … “world should be ready” warns high-level defector who confirms nuke launch plans with NBC News - NaturalNews.com Massive academic cover-up concealing a near-total collapse of ocean food chains … mass death to humans will follow - NaturalNews.com Fall from grace? Whole Foods losing staggering number of customers - NaturalNews.com Smart Meters could be overbilling you by a whopping 582% - NaturalNews.com Merck in hot water over dangerous shingles vaccine that caused numerous injuries, deaths - NaturalNews.com Beware of these 6 common household items that cause cancer Chipotle has officially eliminated all artificial ingredients from its menu - NaturalNews.com Texas scientist announces breakthrough anti-radiation invention that eliminates radioactive cesium-137 from the body … DONATES full manufacturing rights to governments of the world - NaturalNews.com Tea found to play a major role in the fight against dementia - NaturalNews.com Quack science study gives subjects tiny doses of vitamin D, then proclaims “Vitamin D doesn’t prevent cancer” - NaturalNews.com This must-see interview with James Rickards will make you completely rethink your financial preparedness for the coming collapse - NaturalNews.com Rising poverty and crime rates force hundreds of thousands to flee Democrat-run cities - NaturalNews.com Consuming silicon-rich water or foods can purge your body of up to 70% of the of aluminum in your bloodstream - NaturalNews.com Failing Starbucks launches new marketing campaign to bridge the gap between liberals and conservatives - NaturalNews.com Twitter censors all searches for “cannabis” to protect profits of Big Pharma… then reverses decision after massive backlash - NaturalNews.com The corrupt vaccine industry has the means and motive to stage a massive false flag “outbreak” to demand nationwide vaccine mandates - NaturalNews.com 16 countries in the EU vote against GM crops as GMO backlash sweeps the globe - NaturalNews.com Smart Meters could be overbilling you by a whopping 582% - NaturalNews.com Health Ranger awarded U.S. patent for breakthrough anti-radiation formula that eliminates Cesium-137 from your body - NaturalNews.com Scientists have discovered a way to destroy cancer tumors using nothing but sound waves - NaturalNews.com Healthy eyes – Creating clear vision naturally - NaturalNews.com Attention vaccine fanatics: your 'shedders' should stay home from school for 2 weeks after every LIVE virus inoculation Banned video reveals the horrors of Venezuela’s starving population - NaturalNews.com BULLETPROOF BRAIN: Health Ranger lecture reveals secrets of protecting your brain from aluminum and mercury in mandatory vaccines - NaturalNews.com Bill in West Virginia would BAN homeschooling, treating it as child abuse - NaturalNews.com Earthquake scientists have been totally WRONG: Quake risk “dramatically underestimated” warns new report - NaturalNews.com Californian Senator Richard Pan pushing to outlaw parental rights in all medical decisions - NaturalNews.com Avoid these leftovers lurking in your fridge, they could make you sick - NaturalNews.com Five new websites to bookmark for the coming collapse - NaturalNews.com FAKE SCIENCE on parade as exact opposite news headlines appear right next to each other, citing the exact same study - NaturalNews.com Vaccine Injury Denialism is the denial of fundamental human dignity… see this highly emotional video of children damaged by vaccines - NaturalNews.com New bill would allow farmers to sue Monsanto if GMO crops invade their property - NaturalNews.com FACT CHECK: Yes, the CDC and FDA both confirm African Green Monkey kidney cells are put in vaccines used across the U.S. - NaturalNews.com 8 ways to make healthy organic soil for your garden - NaturalNews.com The corrupt vaccine industry has the means and motive to stage a massive false flag “outbreak” to demand nationwide vaccine mandates - NaturalNews.com CDC document bombshell reveals list of all vaccine excipients, including “African Green Monkey Kidney Cells” and fibroblast cells from aborted human fetuses … see the complete list - NaturalNews.com Smart Meters could be overbilling you by a whopping 582% - NaturalNews.com How Big Pharma gets away with selling crystal meth to children: By renaming it 'Adderall' BREAKING: CDC confirms Natural News 100% CORRECT on report of African Green Monkey kidney cells used in vaccines - NaturalNews.com VACCINE STUDY: Peer-reviewed study shows vaccinated children have a 700% higher chance of neurodevelopmental disorder - NaturalNews.com Brand name processed foods found laced with glyphosate weed killer… Cheerios, Wheaties and more - NaturalNews.com Countless teenage girls suffer paralysis, blood clots, brain damage and chronic pain from force-vaccination of Gardasil’s HPV “shot in the dark” - NaturalNews.com Woman accidentally cremated while still alive - NaturalNews.com Heartbreaking letter from dying EPA scientist begs Monsanto “moles” inside the agency to stop lying about dangers of RoundUp (glyphosate) - NaturalNews.com Vitamin C breakthrough discovery: Low-cost nutrient halts growth of cancer stem cells… 1000% more effective than cancer drug… peer-reviewed science confirms powerful effects - NaturalNews.com Top 9 vaccines you NEVER need and exactly why the CDC has to scare everybody into getting them Meet Dr. Jack Wolfson, a courageous cardiologist willing to tell the truth about modern medicine Vault 7 bombshell just vindicated every conspiracy theorist: The CIA can spy on anyone through TVs, iPhones, smart phones and Windows PCs - NaturalNews.com The best and worst forms of magnesium to take as a supplement Statin scam exposed: Cholesterol drugs cause rapid aging, brain damage and diabetes Vaccine overload disorder is sweeping the nation while MDs are calling it anything but what it really is - NaturalNews.com Five new websites to bookmark for the coming collapse - NaturalNews.com Attention vaccine fanatics: your 'shedders' should stay home from school for 2 weeks after every LIVE virus inoculation In the 1930s, Adolf Hitler arrested and executed ‘fake news’ journalists who rightfully claimed that Jews were being exterminated - NaturalNews.com The best and worst forms of magnesium to take as a supplement The 8 Most Dangerous Medicines on Earth... are you taking any of these? Pepsi admits its soda contains cancer-causing ingredients Statin scam exposed: Cholesterol drugs cause rapid aging, brain damage and diabetes CONFIRMED: Cancer is entirely a man-made disease Top 9 vaccines you NEVER need and exactly why the CDC has to scare everybody into getting them Does green tea have caffeine? Seven things you need to know Top six alkaline foods to eat every day for vibrant health Hillary Clinton's health in rapid collapse... voters in shock after photos show her unable to walk up small flight of stairs Hexavalent chromium (chromium-6) was just found in 75% of drinking water... the mass chemical suicide of America is under way Chaos will erupt across America in less than 100 days... no matter who wins the election Testosterone cures cancer; doctors stunned at discovery - NaturalNews.com 12 easy ways to remove acid build-up from your body, alkalize your pH and beat disease 10 health benefits of cucumbers CLAIM: Historic event to occur in the next six days that will end the rise of Trump and seize the future of America for totalitarian globalists And now the cover-up murders begin in Flint, Michigan: Water treatment plant foreman found dead... young mom murdered in her home after filing lawsuit against Michigan government Smokers or past smokers: Six ways to cleanse and revitalize your lungs Popular on Facebook 16K Indian state will pay farmers to go 100% organic and GMO-free 12K Study: Manuka honey kills more bacteria than all available antibiotics 10K Washington Post goes “full treason” – fabricates entire story falsely claiming Trump won because of Russian hacks 8K US Court of Appeals: States and counties can ban GMO crops despite federal laws 6K The 7 most dangerous vaccines injected into humans and exactly why they cause more harm than good 6K Trump allowed Black homeless woman to live in Trump Tower for 8 years, rent free 4K In the 1930s, Adolf Hitler arrested and executed ‘fake news’ journalists who rightfully claimed that Jews were being exterminated 3K Facebook rolls out plans to push GMOs by labeling anti-GMO stories ‘fake’ news 3K Food companies hiding harmful high fructose corn syrup under new name 3K Standing Rock victory in North Dakota as US Army Corps of Engineers revokes pipeline permits 3K TREASON: Left-wing media attempting a “soft coup” in America by hyperventilating over self-contrived Russian conspiracy fabrication 3K Russian hack narrative revealed to be elaborate media hoax… email leaks actually came from Bernie Sanders insider 3K Facebook to become left-wing propaganda echo chamber with Orwellian plan to label independent journalism “fake” 3K Scam: No trace of Aloe Vera found in products at Walmart, CVS 2K Will President Trump dismantle dangerous vaccine mandates that harm children across America? 2K Medical scientists stunned as “magic mushroom” treatment found to heal mental illness… yet it remains illegal 2K Protesters at Dakota Pipeline have noticed unidentified crop dusters spraying chemicals over them late at night 2K Top doctors reveal that vaccines can trigger autoimmunity, turning our immune systems against us Advertise with NaturalNews... Health News 10 Mind Blowing Things That Happen To Your Body When You Eat Beets (Naturalnewsblogs.com) Fluoride's Corruption Exposed (Naturalnewsblogs.com) Gardasil and Hepatitis B vaccines associated with new autoimmune disease ASIA (Naturalnewsblogs.com) Blueberries the new antidepressants? Plant nutrients found to protect "happy hormones" in women who recently gave birth (Naturalnews.com) Chewing gum ingredients and the titanium dioxide debate (Naturalnews.com) Chewing gum ingredients and the titanium dioxide debate (Naturalnews.com) Support NaturalNews Sponsors: Advertise with NaturalNews... AlternativeNews.com The independent news source for free-thinking people GoodGopher.com Search for more articles like this one at GoodGopher.com - the search engine for news and information. Talk Radio without corporate collusion Now streaming: 28 amazing hosts like the Health Ranger, Robert Scott Bell and more Find the up-to-date news you're looking for at Fetch.News Find articles on today's most searched keywords & topics. Uncensored Health Videos Visit TV.NaturalNews.com for uncensored videos for a healthier and happier life Vaccine News Real-time Independent Media news on Vaccines GMO News Real-time Independent Media news on GMOs Support NaturalNews Sponsors: Advertise with NaturalNews... Read Archived NaturalNews Stories NaturalNews.com Natural News Toolbar Privacy Policy Terms of Use About Us Contact Us/Feedback Write for Natural News Media Information Advertise Information Follow Us Email Newsletter Facebook Twitter Google Pinterest YouTube Diaspora Seen RSS This site is part of the Natural News Network © 2016 All Rights Reserved. Privacy | Terms All content posted on this site is commentary or opinion and is protected under Free Speech. Truth Publishing International, LTD. is not responsible for content written by contributing authors. The information on this site is provided for educational and entertainment purposes only. It is not intended as a substitute for professional advice of any kind. Truth Publishing assumes no responsibility for the use or misuse of this material. Your use of this website indicates your agreement to these terms and those published here. All trademarks, registered trademarks and servicemarks mentioned on this site are the property of their respective owners.
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 4 April 2017 by Military News Biodegradable Stents Market Global Industry Volume and Region Analysis – 2024 The global hospital acquired infection treatment market in 2015 was dominated by a handful of players, including Abbott, Pfizer, Inc., Merck & Co., Inc., and Bayer AG. The market is currently in a state of battle with the growing count of generics available in the world, owing to an incoming wave of patent expirations. This could create a problem for players trying to maintain favorable profit margins. According to a research report released by Transparency Market Research, the highly fragmented global hospital acquired infection treatment market holds a medium level of competition for players of all sizes. Key players are locked in rivalry for the development of treatments for alternative molecule therapies and multi-drug resistant pathogens. At the same time, the threat of new entrants to the existing market is very high, owing to the growing demand for enhanced therapeutics, despite the high entry barriers set by strict regulatory frameworks and capital intensive research and development. The global hospital acquired infection treatment market was valued at US$28.99 bn at the end of 2015 and is expected to expand at a CAGR of 2.7% within a forecast period from 2016 to 2024. By the end of 2024, this market is expected to reach an estimated US$36.61 bn. Obtain Report Details @ www.transparencymarketresearch.com/hospital-acquired-infe… Growing Geriatric Population Propels Nosocomial Treatment Demand in Developed Economies “There is a multi-tracked set of drivers that are currently augmenting the global hospital acquired infection treatment market. Each driver is directly or indirectly linked to the other. Of the many factors in favor of the market’s growth, the leading factor has to be the growing geriatric population. The elderly – due to their lower physical immunity – are incredibly prone to infections and especially nosocomial ones. Therefore, the growing population of the geriatric is a serious factor that needs to be accounted for within the global hospital acquired infection treatment market,” states a TMR analyst. Other factors driving the global hospital acquired infection treatment market include the overall condition of healthcare organizations in emerging economies. Their generally lower levels of hygiene, infrastructure maintenance and sterilization techniques are creating a very high demand for nosocomial infection treatments. Countries from Asia Pacific, for instance, are currently showing to be leading in terms of growth rate of demand, thereby attracting several prominent players in the global hospital acquired infection treatment market. Multi-drug Resistant Bacteria Complicating Market Scenario in Nosocomial Infections Treatments A key restraint acting on the global hospital acquired infection treatment market currently, is the steady increase in the rate of failures in treatment caused by the growing number of multi-drug resistant bacteria. Given a frequent rate of survival of bacteria after being exposed to drugs that are designed to eliminate them, they are known to develop resistance to them, pressuring the healthcare industry to seek alternative treatments or other forms of drug treatments. There is a growing rate of multi-drug resistant bacteria affecting patients and these infections can prove to be heavily detrimental to a patient’s recovery cycle or even be fatal for them. “Key players in the global hospital acquired infection treatment market are more likely to have multiple drugs in the pipeline, the approval of which can be a shot in the arm for the market. The focus on HAIs is increasing at a fast rate in emerging economies as well, giving rise to a massive untapped market for patients from the lower and middle income classes. These avenues can prove to be fruitful for players currently established in the global hospital acquired infection treatment market, as well as new entrants in emerging economies,” adds the analyst. Fill the form for an exclusive sample of this report @ www.transparencymarketresearch.com/sample/sample.php?flag… About Us Transparency Market Research (TMR) is a market intelligence company, providing global business information reports and services. Our exclusive blend of quantitative forecasting and trends analysis provides forward-looking insight for thousands of decision makers. We have an experienced team of Analysts, Researchers, and Consultants, who us e proprietary data sources and various tools and techniques to gather, and analyze information. Our business offerings represent the latest and the most reliable information indispensable for businesses to sustain a competitive edge. Contact Transparency Market Research 90 State Street, Suite 700 Albany, NY 12207 Tel: +1-518-618-1030 USA – Canada Toll Free: 866-552-3453 Email: sales@transparencymarketresearch.com Website: www.transparencymarketresearch.com Browse market research blog: tmrresearch.blogspot.com/ This release was published on openPR. CategoriesUncategorized TagsHealth & Medicine Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Hospital Acquired Infection Treatment Market Global Industry Volume By Region 2016 – 2024 Next PostNext Monoclonal Antibody Therapeutics Market By Application, Source and End User Analysis 2024 Search Recent Posts Chromium Silicon Market Productions Supply Sales Demand Market Status and Forecast Research Report 2017 Chromium Silicon Market Productions Supply Sales Demand Market Status and Forecast Research Report 2017 Berkshire Hathaway HomeServices Select Realty Honors Associates Divi Resorts Offers Up to 50% Off Caribbean Travel for Limited-Time Easter Promotion Led2Serve Launches Service Learning Journeys in Washington DC Business Directory Business Contacts Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 4 April 2017 by Military News Hospital Acquired Infection Treatment Market Global Industry Volume By Region 2016 – 2024 The global hospital acquired infection treatment market in 2015 was dominated by a handful of players, including Abbott, Pfizer, Inc., Merck & Co., Inc., and Bayer AG. The market is currently in a state of battle with the growing count of generics available in the world, owing to an incoming wave of patent expirations. This could create a problem for players trying to maintain favorable profit margins. According to a research report released by Transparency Market Research, the highly fragmented global hospital acquired infection treatment market holds a medium level of competition for players of all sizes. Key players are locked in rivalry for the development of treatments for alternative molecule therapies and multi-drug resistant pathogens. At the same time, the threat of new entrants to the existing market is very high, owing to the growing demand for enhanced therapeutics, despite the high entry barriers set by strict regulatory frameworks and capital intensive research and development. The global hospital acquired infection treatment market was valued at US$28.99 bn at the end of 2015 and is expected to expand at a CAGR of 2.7% within a forecast period from 2016 to 2024. By the end of 2024, this market is expected to reach an estimated US$36.61 bn. Obtain Report Details @ www.transparencymarketresearch.com/hospital-acquired-infe… Growing Geriatric Population Propels Nosocomial Treatment Demand in Developed Economies “There is a multi-tracked set of drivers that are currently augmenting the global hospital acquired infection treatment market. Each driver is directly or indirectly linked to the other. Of the many factors in favor of the market’s growth, the leading factor has to be the growing geriatric population. The elderly – due to their lower physical immunity – are incredibly prone to infections and especially nosocomial ones. Therefore, the growing population of the geriatric is a serious factor that needs to be accounted for within the global hospital acquired infection treatment market,” states a TMR analyst. Other factors driving the global hospital acquired infection treatment market include the overall condition of healthcare organizations in emerging economies. Their generally lower levels of hygiene, infrastructure maintenance and sterilization techniques are creating a very high demand for nosocomial infection treatments. Countries from Asia Pacific, for instance, are currently showing to be leading in terms of growth rate of demand, thereby attracting several prominent players in the global hospital acquired infection treatment market. Multi-drug Resistant Bacteria Complicating Market Scenario in Nosocomial Infections Treatments A key restraint acting on the global hospital acquired infection treatment market currently, is the steady increase in the rate of failures in treatment caused by the growing number of multi-drug resistant bacteria. Given a frequent rate of survival of bacteria after being exposed to drugs that are designed to eliminate them, they are known to develop resistance to them, pressuring the healthcare industry to seek alternative treatments or other forms of drug treatments. There is a growing rate of multi-drug resistant bacteria affecting patients and these infections can prove to be heavily detrimental to a patient’s recovery cycle or even be fatal for them. “Key players in the global hospital acquired infection treatment market are more likely to have multiple drugs in the pipeline, the approval of which can be a shot in the arm for the market. The focus on HAIs is increasing at a fast rate in emerging economies as well, giving rise to a massive untapped market for patients from the lower and middle income classes. These avenues can prove to be fruitful for players currently established in the global hospital acquired infection treatment market, as well as new entrants in emerging economies,” adds the analyst. Fill the form for an exclusive sample of this report @ www.transparencymarketresearch.com/sample/sample.php?flag… About Us Transparency Market Research (TMR) is a market intelligence company, providing global business information reports and services. Our exclusive blend of quantitative forecasting and trends analysis provides forward-looking insight for thousands of decision makers. We have an experienced team of Analysts, Researchers, and Consultants, who us e proprietary data sources and various tools and techniques to gather, and analyze information. Our business offerings represent the latest and the most reliable information indispensable for businesses to sustain a competitive edge. Contact Transparency Market Research 90 State Street, Suite 700 Albany, NY 12207 Tel: +1-518-618-1030 USA – Canada Toll Free: 866-552-3453 Email: sales@transparencymarketresearch.com Website: www.transparencymarketresearch.com Browse market research blog: tmrresearch.blogspot.com/ This release was published on openPR. CategoriesUncategorized TagsHealth & Medicine Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Global Rechargeable LED Flashlight Industry 2017 Sales Analysis, Growth Analysis, Demand Analysis & Market Trends : LED Lenser,Pelican,NovaTac,Maglite,Eagle Tac,Nite IzeDorcy Next PostNext Biodegradable Stents Market Global Industry Volume and Region Analysis – 2024 Search Recent Posts Chromium Silicon Market Productions Supply Sales Demand Market Status and Forecast Research Report 2017 Chromium Silicon Market Productions Supply Sales Demand Market Status and Forecast Research Report 2017 Berkshire Hathaway HomeServices Select Realty Honors Associates Divi Resorts Offers Up to 50% Off Caribbean Travel for Limited-Time Easter Promotion Led2Serve Launches Service Learning Journeys in Washington DC Business Directory Business Contacts Proudly powered by WordPress
Today: April 5, 2017, 9:03 am ﻿ HOME SIGN UP! NEW PRESS RELEASE CATEGORIES Your current selected language is German Click below to switsch to English ﻿ HOME SIGN UP! NEW PRESS RELEASE CATEGORIES ﻿ Health New Market Research Report: Global Antifungal Drugs Market 2017-2021 New Pharmaceuticals research report from TechNavio is now available from Fast Market Research PR-Inside.com: 2017-04-04 12:31:06 Antifungal drugs are chemical compounds used to kill or inhibit the growth of fungi. These drugs act by various mechanisms such as the inhibition of cell division, the inhibition of cell wall formation, and cell membrane disruption. Technavio’s analysts forecast the global antifungal drugs market to grow at a CAGR of 3.20% during the period 2017-2021. Covered in this report The report covers the present scenario and the growth prospects of the global antifungal drugs market for 2017-2021. To calculate the market size, the report considers revenue generated from the sales of branded, generics and OTC drugs used for the treatment and prevention of various fungal infections. The report also considers the revenue to be generated from the sales of drugs that are expected to be launched in the market along with the decline in revenue from the patent expiries of the marketed drugs during the forecast period. Full Report Details at - www.fastmr.com/prod/1272549_global_antifungal_drugs_2017.aspx?af .. Full Report Details at - www.fastmr.com/prod/1272549_global_antifungal_drugs_2017.aspx?af .. The market is divided into the following segments based on geography: * Americas * APAC * EMEA Technavio's report, Global Antifungal Drugs Market 2017-2021, has been prepared based on an in-depth market analysis with inputs from industry experts. The report covers the market landscape and its growth prospects over the coming years. The report also includes a discussion of the key vendors operating in this market. Key vendors * Pfizer * Merck * Astellas Pharma * Novartis * Johnson & Johnson Other prominent vendors * Allergan * Almirall * Amgen * Aqua Pharmaceuticals * AstraZeneca * Bayer * Bristol-Myers Squibb * Celgene * Dermira * Elorac * F. Hoffmann-La Roche * Galderma * Genentech * GlaxoSmithKline * Hexima * Hisamitsu Pharmaceutical * Incyte * Mayne Pharma * MediQuest Therapeutics * Meiji Seika Pharma * Merz Pharmaceuticals * Moberg Pharma * Mylan Pharmaceuticals * NanoBio * NovaBiotics * Novan * Nuvo Research * Polichem * Promius Pharma * Sanofi * Seren Pharmaceuticals * Sun Pharma * Taro * Teva Pharmaceutical * Theravance Biopharma * Topica Pharmaceuticals * Viamet Pharmaceuticals Market driver * Rising popularity of OTC antifungal drugs for dermal infections * For a full, detailed list, view our report Market challenge * Antifungal drug resistance * For a full, detailed list, view our report Market trend * Increased funding for antifungal research * For a full, detailed list, view our report Key questions answered in this report * What will the market size be in 2021 and what will the growth rate be? * What are the key market trends? * What is driving this market? * What are the challenges to market growth? * Who are the key vendors in this market space? * What are the market opportunities and threats faced by the key vendors? * What are the strengths and weaknesses of the key vendors? You can request one free hour of our analyst’s time when you purchase this market report. Details are provided within the report. Companies Mentioned in this Report: Pfizer, Merck, Astellas Pharma, Novartis, Johnson & Johnson, Allergan, Almirall, Amgen, Aqua Pharmaceuticals, AstraZeneca, Bayer, Bristol-Myers Squibb, Celgene, Dermira, Elorac, F. Hoffmann-La Roche, Galderma, Genentech, GlaxoSmithKline, Hexima, Hisamitsu Pharmaceutical, Incyte, Mayne Pharma, MediQuest Therapeutics, Meiji Seika Pharma, Merz Pharmaceuticals, Moberg Pharma, Mylan Pharmaceuticals, NanoBio, NovaBiotics, Novan, Nuvo Research, Polichem, Promius Pharma, Sanofi, Seren Pharmaceuticals, Sun Pharma, Taro, Teva Pharmaceutical, Theravance Biopharma, Topica Pharmaceuticals, Viamet Pharmaceuticals TechNavio TechNavio is a leading technology research and advisory company with a global coverage. They focus on emerging technology trends that can shape the market, identify and explain these trends to their customers to help them make better decisions. View more research from TechNavio at www.fastmr.com/catalog/publishers.aspx?pubid=1050&afid=701 About Fast Market Research Fast Market Research is a leading distributor of market research and business information. Representing the world's top research publishers and analysts, we provide quick and easy access to the best competitive intelligence available. Our unbiased, expert staff is always available to help you find the right research to fit your requirements and your budget. For more information about these or related research reports, please visit our website at www.fastmr.com or call us at 1.800.844.8156 (1.413.485.7001 Int'l) Companies Mentioned in this Report: Pfizer, Merck, Astellas Pharma, Novartis, Johnson & Johnson, Allergan, Almirall, Amgen, Aqua Pharmaceuticals, AstraZeneca, Bayer, Bristol-Myers Squibb, Celgene, Dermira, Elorac, F. Hoffmann-La Roche, Galderma, Genentech, GlaxoSmithKline, Hexima, Hisamitsu Pharmaceutical, Incyte, Mayne Pharma, MediQuest Therapeutics, Meiji Seika Pharma, Merz Pharmaceuticals, Moberg Pharma, Mylan Pharmaceuticals, NanoBio, NovaBiotics, Novan, Nuvo Research, Polichem, Promius Pharma, Sanofi, Seren Pharmaceuticals, Sun Pharma, Taro, Teva Pharmaceutical, Theravance Biopharma, Topica Pharmaceuticals, Viamet Pharmaceuticals TechNavio TechNavio is a leading technology research and advisory company with a global coverage. They focus on emerging technology trends that can shape the market, identify and explain these trends to their customers to help them make better decisions. View more research from TechNavio at www.fastmr.com/catalog/publishers.aspx?pubid=1050&afid=701 About Fast Market Research Fast Market Research is a leading distributor of market research and business information. Representing the world's top research publishers and analysts, we provide quick and easy access to the best competitive intelligence available. Our unbiased, expert staff is always available to help you find the right research to fit your requirements and your budget. For more information about these or related research reports, please visit our website at www.fastmr.com or call us at 1.800.844.8156 (1.413.485.7001 Int'l) Press Information Published by Bill Thompson 18008448156 e-mail www.fastmr.com # 870 Words Related Articles More From The Author "Global Energy-Based Aesthetic Devices Market 2017-2021" [..] Energy-based aesthetic devices are used for treating skin and body defects through minimally invasive techniques. Many procedures which [..] Market Report, "BRICS Iced/Rtd Tea Drinks (Soft [..] "BRICS Iced/Rtd Tea Drinks (Soft Drinks) Market - Outlook to 2020: Market Size, Growth and Forecast Analytics" is [..] Dried & Instant Noodles (Pasta & Noodles) [..] "Dried & Instant Noodles (Pasta & Noodles) Market in Asia-Pacific - Outlook to 2020: Market Size, Growth and Forecast Analytics" [..] "Liqueurs (Spirits) Market in Asia-Pacific" now [..] "Liqueurs (Spirits) Market in Asia-Pacific - Outlook to 2020: Market Size, Growth and Forecast Analytics" is a broad [..] Newly released market study: Global Female Fragrances [..] "Global Female Fragrances (Fragrances) Market - Outlook to 2020: Market Size, Growth and Forecast Analytics" is a [..]   More From Health Frost & Sullivan independent industry report identifies [..] PERTH, W. AUSTRALIA, Mar 28, 2017 - (ACN Newswire) - Proteomics International Laboratories Ltd (PILL; ASX:PIQ) is the leader in [..] New dynamics in monitoring diagnostics in leukemia Dresden/Germany Diagnosis leukemia and stem cell transplantation The diagnosis "leukemia" for patients means to undergo [..] PromarkerD Predictive Diagnostics for DKD to Roll-out [..] PERTH, AUSTRALIA, Mar 22, 2017 - (ACN Newswire) - Proteomics International Laboratories Ltd ('PILL'; ASX: PIQ), a world leader [..] Do Prostalgene Drops Help To Restore Prostate [..] Prostate enlargement is among the most common health problems for men over 50. With age the incidence of this condition [..] Is OnycoSolve Spray The Key To Obliterating [..] Toenail fungus is an undesirable but stubborn infection that comes with sweating, itching, cracking and scaling of the feet, inflammations, [..] Disclaimer: If you have any questions regarding information in this press release please contact the company added in the press release. Please do not contact pr-inside. We will not be able to assist you. PR-inside disclaims the content included in this release. ﻿ Home Sign Up! New Press Release Categories Terms Of Service Privacy About Us Contact Us                
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 4 April 2017 by satprnews satprnews Global Genome Editing Market 2017 – Industry Size, Analysis, Researches, Trends and Forecasts to 2022 Orbis Research shares report on Global Genome Editing Market which provides the company profile, product specifications, capacity, production value, and market shares for each company. The report will assist reader with better understanding and decision making. This report studies the global Genome Editing market, analyzes and researches the Genome Editing development status and forecast in United States, EU, Japan, China, India and Southeast Asia. This report focuses on the top players in global market, like Merck & Co. Bio-Rad Laboratories, Inc. Origene Technologies Transposagen Clontech Laboratories Astra Zeneca Agilent Technologies Inc Browse the full report @ http://www.orbisresearch.com/reports/index/global-genome-editing-market-size-status-and-forecast-2022 . Market segment by Regions/Countries, this report covers United States EU Japan China India Southeast Asia Market segment by Type, Genome Editing can be split into Cell – Line Engineering Gene Therapy Biopharmaceutical Production Market segment by Application, Genome Editing can be split into Biotechnology Industry Academic Institutions CROs Government Research Organizations Others PURCHASE a copy of this report @ http://www.orbisresearch.com/contact/purchase/247036 . And if you want to REQUEST a sample of this report @ http://www.orbisresearch.com/contacts/request-sample/247036 . Company (Top Players) Profiles 1 Merck & Co. 1.1 Company Profile 1.2 Main Business/Business Overview 1.3 Products, Services and Solutions 1.4 Genome Editing Revenue (Value) (2012-2017) 1.5 Recent Developments 2 Bio-Rad Laboratories, Inc. 2.1 Company Profile 2.2 Main Business/Business Overview 2.3 Products, Services and Solutions 2.4 Genome Editing Revenue (Value) (2012-2017) 2.5 Recent Developments 3 Origene Technologies 3.1 Company Profile 3.2 Main Business/Business Overview 3.3 Products, Services and Solutions 3.4 Genome Editing Revenue (Value) (2012-2017) 3.5 Recent Developments 4 Transposagen 4.1 Company Profile 4.2 Main Business/Business Overview 4.3 Products, Services and Solutions 4.4 Genome Editing Revenue (Value) (2012-2017) 4.5 Recent Developments 5 Clontech Laboratories 5.1 Company Profile 5.2 Main Business/Business Overview 5.3 Products, Services and Solutions 5.4 Genome Editing Revenue (Value) (2012-2017) 5.5 Recent Developments 6 Astra Zeneca 6.1 Company Profile 6.2 Main Business/Business Overview 6.3 Products, Services and Solutions 6.4 Genome Editing Revenue (Value) (2012-2017) 6.5 Recent Developments 7 Agilent Technologies Inc 7.1 Company Profile 7.2 Main Business/Business Overview 7.3 Products, Services and Solutions 7.4 Genome Editing Revenue (Value) (2012-2017) 7.5 Recent Developments List Of Tables: Figure Genome Editing Product Scope Figure Global Genome Editing Market Size (Million USD) (2012-2017) Table Global Genome Editing Market Size (Million USD) and Growth Rate by Regions (2012-2017) Figure Global Genome Editing Market Share by Regions in 2016 Figure United States Genome Editing Market Size (Million USD) and Growth Rate by Regions (2012-2017) Figure EU Genome Editing Market Size (Million USD) and Growth Rate by Regions (2012-2017) Figure Japan Genome Editing Market Size (Million USD) and Growth Rate by Regions (2012-2017) Figure China Genome Editing Market Size (Million USD) and Growth Rate by Regions (2012-2017) Figure India Genome Editing Market Size (Million USD) and Growth Rate by Regions (2012-2017) Figure Southeast Asia Genome Editing Market Size (Million USD) and Growth Rate by Regions (2012-2017) Figure Global Genome Editing Market Share by Type in 2016 Figure Cell – Line Engineering Market Size (Million USD) and Growth Rate (2012-2017) Figure Gene Therapy Market Size (Million USD) and Growth Rate (2012-2017) Figure Biopharmaceutical Production Market Size (Million USD) and Growth Rate (2012-2017) Figure Global Genome Editing Market Share by Application in 2016 Figure Genome Editing Market Size (Million USD) and Growth Rate in Biotechnology Industry (2012-2017) Figure Genome Editing Market Size (Million USD) and Growth Rate in Academic Institutions (2012-2017) Figure Genome Editing Market Size (Million USD) and Growth Rate in CROs (2012-2017) Figure Genome Editing Market Size (Million USD) and Growth Rate in Government Research Organizations (2012-2017) Figure Genome Editing Market Size (Million USD) and Growth Rate in Others (2012-2017) Table Genome Editing Market Size (Million USD) by Players (2016 and 2017) Figure Genome Editing Market Size Share by Players in 2016 Figure Genome Editing Market Size Share by Players in 2017 Table Merck & Co. Basic Information List Table Genome Editing Business Revenue (Million USD) of Merck & Co. (2012-2017) Figure Merck & Co. Genome Editing Business Revenue Market Share in 2016 Table Bio-Rad Laboratories, Inc. Basic Information List Table Genome Editing Business Revenue (Million USD) of Bio-Rad Laboratories, Inc. (2012-2017) Figure Bio-Rad Laboratories, Inc. Genome Editing Business Revenue Market Share in 2016 Table Origene Technologies Basic Information List Table Genome Editing Business Revenue (Million USD) of Origene Technologies (2012-2017) Figure Origene Technologies Genome Editing Business Revenue Market Share in 2016 Table Transposagen Basic Information List Table Genome Editing Business Revenue (Million USD) of Transposagen (2012-2017) Figure Transposagen Genome Editing Business Revenue Market Share in 2016 Table Clontech Laboratories Basic Information List Table Genome Editing Business Revenue (Million USD) of Clontech Laboratories (2012-2017) Figure Clontech Laboratories Genome Editing Business Revenue Market Share in 2016 Table Astra Zeneca Basic Information List Table Genome Editing Business Revenue (Million USD) of Astra Zeneca (2012-2017) …. Continued CategoriesUncategorized TagsGenome Editing Market, global genome editing industry 2017, global genome editing industry 2022, Global Genome Editing Market, Google News, Orbisresearch, satPRnews, Technology, technology market Post navigation Previous PostPrevious IC Card Management System Market 2022: Analyzed by Business Growth, Development Factors, Applications, and Future Prospects Next PostNext Infrared Heaters Market Report 2022: Present Scenario for Business Opportunities, Drivers and Trends Search Recent Posts Chromium Silicon Market Productions Supply Sales Demand Market Status and Forecast Research Report 2017 Chromium Silicon Market Productions Supply Sales Demand Market Status and Forecast Research Report 2017 Berkshire Hathaway HomeServices Select Realty Honors Associates Divi Resorts Offers Up to 50% Off Caribbean Travel for Limited-Time Easter Promotion Led2Serve Launches Service Learning Journeys in Washington DC Business Directory Business Contacts Proudly powered by WordPress
rediff.com Rediff Business News Business Movies Sports Get Ahead  rediff NewsApp  NewsApp (Free)Read news as it happens Available on   Sign in  |  Create a Rediffmail account Rediff News  All News  Rediff.com  » Business » Low-cost male contraceptive finds no takers Low-cost male contraceptive finds no takers April 05, 2017 10:00 IST It could ease the burden on the 225 million women in developing countries, says Ari Altstedter. IMAGE: Years of human trials on the injectable, sperm-zapping product are coming to an end, and researchers are preparing to submit it for regulatory approval. Photograph: Robert Cianflone/Getty Images Doctors are on the cusp of launching a male contraceptive. But rather than a big pharma lab, the breakthrough is emerging from a university start-up in the heart of rural India. Years of human trials on the injectable, sperm-zapping product are coming to an end, and researchers are preparing to submit it for regulatory approval. Results so far show it’s safe, effective and easy to use -- but gaining little traction with drugmakers. That’s frustrating its inventor, who says his technique could play a crucial role in condom-averse populations. A new birth control method for men has the potential to win as much as half the $10 billion market for female contraceptives worldwide; it also has the potential to cut into the $3.2 billion of annual condom sales, businesses dominated by pharmaceutical giants Bayer AG, Pfizer Inc and Merck & Co, according to estimates from the last major drug company to explore the area. India’s reversible procedure could cost as little as $10 in poor countries, and may provide males with years-long fertility control, overcoming compliance problems and avoiding ongoing costs associated with condoms and the female birth-control pill, which is usually taken daily. It could also ease the burden on the 225 million women in developing countries who, the World Health Organisation says, have an unmet need for contraception. Yet, so far, only a US non-profit has taken up development of the technology abroad. For Sujoy Guha, the 76-year-old biomedical engineer who invented the product, the challenge is to now find a company which wants to sell it -- even though male contraception is an area Big Pharma has so far shown little interest in. “The fact that the big companies are run by white, middle-aged males who have the same feeling -- that they would never do it -- plays a major role,” said Herjan Coelingh Bennink, a gynaecology professor who helped develop the contraceptives Implanon and Cerazette as head of research and development in women’s health for Organon International from 1987 to 2000. “If those companies were run by women, it would be totally different.” Guha’s technique for impairing male fertility relies on a polymer gel that’s injected into the sperm-carrying tubes in the scrotum. The gel, which has the consistency of melted chocolate, carries a positive charge that acts as a buffer on negatively charged sperm, damaging their heads and tails, and rendering them infertile. The treatment, known as reversible inhibition of sperm under guidance, or RISUG, is reversed with a second shot that breaks down the gel, allowing sperm to reach the penis normally. The expected launch of RISUG over the next two years will contribute to the Indian contraceptive market’s 17 percent growth through 2021, according to a report last year from Pharmaion Consultants, based near New Delhi. The procedure is 98 per cent effective at preventing pregnancy -- about the same as condoms if they are used every time -- and has no major side effects, according to R S Sharma, head of reproductive biology and maternal health at the Indian Council of Medical Research. About 540 men have received it in India, where it continues to prevent pregnancies in their partners 13 years after treatment, he said. A submission to regulators this year will seek approval for RISUG as a permanent method of birth control. That will be appended with clinical data supporting reversibility, Sharma said. India has more married women with an unmet need for family planning than any other country, and social stigma and a lack of privacy in stores has kept condom use to less than six per cent. Globally, men tend to take a back seat in matters of contraception. Almost 60 per cent of women in spousal relationships used the contraceptive pill or some other form of modern contraception worldwide in 2015, according to a United Nations report. In contrast, eight per cent relied on their male partner using a condom.   A new option for male birth control could garner as much as half the female contraceptives market, according to research by Organon in the 1990s, when the Dutch drugmaker partnered with Germany’s Schering AG on the last major effort to develop a male birth control pill. Demand would come from couples in long-term relationships looking to share family-planning responsibilities and single men looking for an alternative to condoms to prevent an unintended pregnancy from casual sex, Coelingh Bennink said. Still, there were questions at Organon about whether it would be worthwhile financially to develop a new entrant in the low-margin contraceptives market, and the project was eventually shelved, he said. Efforts on a hormone-based male contraceptive continued in 2008, in a study co-funded by the Bill & Melinda Gates Foundation and UN agencies that was published in October. While the injected regimen’s efficacy was ‘relatively good’ compared to other methods, the study was terminated early after a safety review. The authors noted a ‘relatively high’ frequency of mild to moderate mood disorders, sparking a media uproar over perceived double standards in the development of contraceptives because the side effects seemed similar to those women experience on the pill.    Ari Altstedter Source: Share this Write a Comment Print this article   ALSO READ MOST RECENT   MOST COMMENTED Why putting 'sexy' into 'contraception' works better 7 really silly myths about sex and contraception 10 tips to avoid sexually transmitted diseases Five steps toward a better sex life Birth control methods in order of how well they work Can Idea investors make money? If the GST has to really work... The CEA gives his views Baahubali 2 shows off its marketing muscle Meet United's 'lion' among pussycats Why India must focus on China, not Pakistan Buy low, sell high is quite a dumb idea! Note ban: MFIs seek more time for loan repayments Adani's Oz mine to supply low grade coal to India, says media report Pai backs Murthy, says Infy COO 'pay hike spectacular, not performance' Smartphone apps may be secretly stealing your data: study Moneywiz Live! Business emailOffice email AppDomain registrationWebsiteRediffmailMoneyCompany emailOnline ShoppingBooksGiftsVideosBlogsBuzz India Business News  |  Indian Stock Market News  |  Bollywood Movies  |  Indian Cricket News  |  India News  |  India Abroad Person of the Year 2013 © 2017 Rediff.com - Investors - Advertise - Disclaimer - Privacy - Careers - Feedback | Terms of use | India Abroad weekly ▲
THOMSON REUTERS PRODUCTS Solutions for Corporations Eikon FX Trading World-Check One Enhanced Due Diligence Compliance Learning Org ID ONESOURCE Indirect Tax ONESOURCE Transfer Pricing ONESOURCE Global Trade Management Legal Managed Services MatterSphere Zawya Projects Islamic Economy Solutions for Emerging Business Zawya Projects Accelerate SME Islamic Economy Zawya Business Development Solutions for Financial Institutions Eikon Thomson Reuters Elektron Thomson Reuters FX Trading World-Check One Enhanced Due Diligence Compliance Learning Org ID ONESOURCE WorkFlow Manager Legal Managed Services Westlaw Middle East Thomson Reuters Practical Law Islamic Economy Thomson Reuters Accelerate SME Solutions for Governments Eikon Elektron Eikon Auctions Revenue Management World-Check One Regulatory Intelligence Audit Manager Compliance Learning Enhanced Due Diligence ONESOURCE Indirect Tax Thomson Reuters Aumentum Westlaw Middle East Thomson Reuters MatterSphere Thomson Reuters ProView C-Track Practical Law Thomson Reuters Zawya Projects Islamic Economy Thomson Reuters Accelerate SME Solutions for Professionals Eikon World-Check One Compliance Learning Enhanced Due Diligence ONESOURCE WorkFlow Manager ONESOURCE Indirect Tax ONESOURCE Transfer Pricing Legal Managed Services Westlaw Middle East LOGIN REGISTER You are on: MENA - ENGLISH MENA - ENGLISH UAE - ENGLISH KSA - ENGLISH الشرْقُ الأوسَط السعودية الإمارات Search   Dubai 05 Apr 2017 Business Business Home Real Estate Construction Energy Financial Services Islamic Finance Technology Apple takes a big bite: iPhone-maker to open two-level store in Dubai Mall Siemens to power Saudi Bio-Acids plant in Jeddah Saudi Oger awaits findings of project review Investors queue up to buy Dubai’s costliest penthouse at outrageous price Egypt's ARDIC to deliver $66mln housing project in 2020 Investors queue up to buy Dubai’s costliest penthouse at outrageous price Dubai investors look for homes near mega-malls Ras Al Khaimah’s real estate sector surges 45% Saudi Oger awaits findings of project review Ras Al Khaimah’s real estate sector surges 45% Investors tackle challenges in Saudi real estate sector Unveiled: Expo 2020 Dubai's design for central hub Siemens to power Saudi Bio-Acids plant in Jeddah Technology, partnerships at heart of ADNOC’s growth strategy London Stock Exchange CEO accompanying British PM May in Saudi Arabia Saudi Aramco extends bookbuilding by one day for debut sukuk Qatar's Masraf Al Rayan committee formed to oversee three-way merger Zero interest: Pay your traffic fine in instalments in Dubai Buying in NBAD shares propel Abu Dhabi index to near 1-month high UAE's NBAD and FGB merger cost revised higher Saudi Arabia appoints banks to issue first international dollar sukuk Saudi Aramco extends bookbuilding by one day for debut sukuk UAE's Al Hilal Bank appoints chief executive Islamic Development Bank gives initial price guidance for dollar sukuk Apple takes a big bite: iPhone-maker to open two-level store in Dubai Mall In self-driving car race, winners get all the way around track Etihad, Boeing check on biofuel project at Masdar in Abu Dhabi Would you fly on a plane that uses recycled parts? Economy Economy Home GCC Levant North Africa Global Qatar 2022: Opportunities worth $381mln for SMEs Saudi expats running from pillar to post for amnesty Bahrain says Trump better understands Iran and the region May to raise "hard issues" with Saudi Arabia, stand up for UK interests Qatar 2022: Opportunities worth $381mln for SMEs Saudi expats running from pillar to post for amnesty Investors queue up to buy Dubai’s costliest penthouse at outrageous price Bahrain rules out school fees for expat students EU pleads for aid access as fresh attack hits Syria Britain allocates $1.24bln for Syrian refugees, host countries Uncle of Syria's Assad probed in Spain over money laundering France wants U.N. Security Council to meet after "disgusting" Syria gas attack Abu Dhabi leads region, Egypt supported by foreign buyers More than 3,000 South Sudanese flee to Uganda Trump and Egypt's Sisi discuss terror fight, economic support Egyptians go hungry as food prices soar Bahrain says Trump better understands Iran and the region May to raise "hard issues" with Saudi Arabia, stand up for UK interests Go veg: India could help save water by switching to vegetables and oranges Yemen forces prepare to move on main port, agencies say civilians at risk Markets Markets Home Equities Currencies Commodities Gulf may follow global shares, crude oil higher Oil rises to near 1-month high on tightening of supplies Saudi Arabia appoints banks to issue first international dollar sukuk Buying in NBAD shares propel Abu Dhabi index to near 1-month high Gulf may follow global shares, crude oil higher Buying in NBAD shares propel Abu Dhabi index to near 1-month high Abu Dhabi leads region, Egypt supported by foreign buyers London Stock Exchange CEO accompanying British PM May in Saudi Arabia Kuwait says to increase debt ceiling, permit longer-dated bonds Dollar wobbles but holds above 4-month lows Egypt's Mar foreign reserves at over $28.5bln, highest since 2011 Fed signals it could promptly start shedding bonds from portfolio this year Oil rises to near 1-month high on tightening of supplies Seeking higher revenues, Saudi sets out stall for light crude Gold rises on political uncertainty, shrugs off dollar gains Oil prices edge lower as rebound in Libyan production weighs Legal Legal Home Policy Risk Commercial Personal Law Draft maritime law intended to boost UAE shipping sector Medicines in Dubai to have distinct barcodes Arrests in Iran show Rouhani's difficulty shielding reformists ahead of vote Four Emirati reckless drivers to work as petrol station attendants, gardeners Saudi expats running from pillar to post for amnesty Draft maritime law intended to boost UAE shipping sector Zero interest: Pay your traffic fine in instalments in Dubai Four Emirati reckless drivers to work as petrol station attendants, gardeners White House hackers to be handed over to US Jordan's real estate property bill will challenge 'tribal rights' Aviation security experts to explore flight-ban solutions Kuwait MP: Stop giving driving licences to expats Apple takes a big bite: iPhone-maker to open two-level store in Dubai Mall Draft maritime law intended to boost UAE shipping sector Saudi Oger awaits findings of project review Medicines in Dubai to have distinct barcodes Zero interest: Pay your traffic fine in instalments in Dubai Arrests in Iran show Rouhani's difficulty shielding reformists ahead of vote Dubai landlords lower rents, extend leases to keep tenants Oman expats can own homes in new project Life Life Home Health Leisure Travel & Tourism Entertainment Sports Pink Star diamond is world's most expensive gem Saudi women show preference for online shopping Sharjah Heritage Days begin with cultural fiesta Oman has high rates of inherited blood disorders Oman has high rates of inherited blood disorders Medicines in Dubai to have distinct barcodes Go veg: India could help save water by switching to vegetables and oranges Needle-free vaccine delivery on the horizon Bahrain rules out school fees for expat students Qatar University to spend $1.37bln over next 10 years CBSE students in UAE launch petition against tough Maths paper Gardening in schools promotes healthier habits Saudi women show preference for online shopping Sharjah Heritage Days begin with cultural fiesta Apple takes a big bite: iPhone-maker to open two-level store in Dubai Mall Dubai Park and Resorts announces 2 musical events Dubai Park and Resorts announces 2 musical events Food and Wine magazine picks most promising chefs Umrah season extended by one month Saudi records 143,000 visitors in 4 days at heritage festival Sharjah Heritage Days begin with cultural fiesta Warren Buffett adorns Cherry Coke cans in China Tyrese to promote ‘Furious 8’ in the UAE Tupac Shakur bigger in death than life IPL 10: Watson stands in as Bangalore captain for injured Kohli IPL: The one-franchise men of the league In self-driving car race, winners get all the way around track Purebred Arabian Paddys Day wins first for Espinoza Companies The Vault Top News Latest News Press Releases Multimedia THOMSON REUTERS PRODUCTS Solutions for Corporations Solutions for Emerging Business Solutions for Financial Institutions Solutions for Governments Solutions for Professionals MENA - ENGLISH MENA - ENGLISH UAE - ENGLISH KSA - ENGLISH الشرْقُ الأوسَط الإمارات السعودية LOGIN MENU Business Business Home Real Estate Construction Energy Financial Services Islamic Finance Technology Economy Economy Home GCC Levant North Africa Global Markets Markets Home Equities Currencies Commodities Legal Legal Home Policy Risk Commercial Personal Law Life Life Home Health Education Leisure Travel & Tourism Entertainment Sports Companies The Vault Top News Latest News Press Releases Multimedia MENA - ENGLISH MENA - ENGLISH UAE - ENGLISH KSA - ENGLISH الشرْقُ الأوسَط الإمارات السعودية THOMSON REUTERS PRODUCTS Solutions for Corporations Solutions for Emerging Business Solutions for Financial Institutions Solutions for Governments Solutions for Professionals REGISTER LOGIN Advertisement Home Article financial services ADIB launches second tranche of capital-protected equity investment note 04 April, 2017 Tuesday, Apr 04, 2017 Dubai Abu Dhabi Islamic Bank (ADIB) has launched a second tranche of the popular Equity Basket Note 3 investment note linked to a basket of global blue-chip stocks. The Sharia-compliant note matures in 12 months and provides 100 per cent protection at maturity to minimise investment risk. The note is currently open for subscription until April 23 with a minimum investment of $30,000. The product provides investors with the opportunity to invest in a basket of international companies, including Allergan, Cerner, KDDI, Merck & Co, Koninklijke Philips. Maturity date for the note is April 4, 2018. “At ADIB, we always look to offer customers with wealth-tailored management solutions and products that address their specific financial needs. The second tranche of the Equity Basket Note 3 provides customers with another chance to access a diverse range of leading international companies with strong upside potential over the medium term at minimal risk,” Daffer Luqman, Global Head of Liabilities and Wealth Management at ADIB, said. As one of the UAE’s leading banks, ADIB continues to develop and deliver best-in-class solutions tailored to meet the financial needs of customers through effective financial planning and asset allocation. The first tranche of Equity Basket Note 3 was issued in January 2017. ADIB’s last three matured equity investment notes have yielded returns of 4.2 per cent, 4.7 per cent and 6.1 per cent, respectively. Advertisement Staff Report Gulf News 2017. All rights reserved. © Copyright Zawya. All Rights Reserved. More from: equities markets Advertisement Most Popular In the last 24 hours Advertisement People In The News Former Masdar director elected President of the American Concrete Institute 2 hours ago Ascend Performance Materials Names Phil McDivitt CEO “Phil joined Ascend two years ago as president of our nylon division. 20 hours ago UAE's flydubai airline appoints JPA Design to design cabin interior for its Boeing 737 MAX 21 hours ago Al Hilal Bank appoints new CEO 21 hours ago  from Viola Advertising & PR Faithful+Gould appoints new UAE country director Faithful+Gould has appointed Paul Doherty as country director for 265 people-strong UAE division. 22 hours ago UAE's Commercial Bank International appoints new board members at annual general meeting Six of the existing directors were re-elected. 22 hours ago Advertisement About zawya Contact us Copyright © 2017 Zawya. All Rights Reserved. Terms & Conditions. Quote data provided by © Thomson Reuters.
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 5 April 2017 by Military News Global and United States Medication Adherence Industry, Market Developments & Opportunities 2017-2022 : Novartis, Pfizer, Roche Brooklyn, NY — (SBWIRE) — 04/04/2017 — This report studies the Medication Adherence market status and outlook of global and United States, from angles of players, regions, product types and end industries; this report analyzes the top players in global and United States market, and splits the Medication Adherence market by product type and applications/end industries. The Asia-Pacific will occupy for more market share in following years, especially in China, also fast growing India and Southeast Asia regions. North America, especially The United States, will still play an important role which cannot be ignored. Any changes from United States might affect the development trend of Medication Adherence. The major players in global and United States Medication Adherence market, including Novartis, Pfizer, Roche, Sanofi, Merck & Co., Johnson & Johnson, GlaxoSmithKline, AstraZeneca, Gilead Sciences, Takeda, AbbVie, Amgen, Teva, Lilly, Bristol-Myers Squibb, Bayer, Novo Nordisk, Astellas, Boehringer Ingelheim, Actavis. The report includes the overview of the global Medication Adherence market and includes market definition, report methodology, and description. The key market drivers accelerating the growth of the Medication Adherence industry have been studied in detail. Similarly, factors impeding the growth of the global Medication Adherence market have been elaborated upon. Studying the challenges faced by the players in the global Medication Adherence industry helps potential investors to understand and overcome these problems. Order your Free Sample Copy of this Report @ http://www.qyresearchreports.com/sample/sample.php?rep_id=1043369&type=E The report comprises a study of Porter’s five forces analysis and this includes the degree of competition, the threat of new entrants, the threat of substitutes, and the bargaining power of suppliers and buyers. This is very helpful to get a clear insight into the global Medication Adherence industry. The investment feasibility and return analysis as well as the value chain analysis have been used by this research report. Key segments of the global Medication Adherence market have been studied in detail. The leading and declining segments as well as the reasons behind their growth and decline have been included in the report The key players operating in the global Medication Adherence market have been profiled in the report for the purpose of study. The company overview, the financial performance, and the recent developments by each of the players in the market are given. The report also makes a note of all the merger and acquisition activities between players in the market for the purpose of expansion of the product portfolio. Browse Complete Report with TOC @ http://www.qyresearchreports.com/report/2017-2022-medication-adherence-report-on-global-and-united-states-market-status-and-forecast-by-players-types-and-applications.htm Table of Contents 1 Methodology and Data Source 1.1 Methodology/Research Approach 1.1.1 Research Programs/Design 1.1.2 Market Size Estimation 1.1.3 Market Breakdown and Data Triangulation 2 Medication Adherence Market Overview 2.1 Medication Adherence Product Overview 2.2 Medication Adherence Market Segment by Type 2.4 United States Medication Adherence Product Segment by Type 3 Medication Adherence Application/End Users 3.1 Medication Adherence Segment by Application/End Users 3.1.1 Cardiovascular Medication Adherence 3.1.2 CNS Medication Adherence 3.1.3 Diabetes Medication Adherence 3.1.4 Oncology Medication Adherence 3.1.5 Respiratory Medication Adherence 3.1.6 Gastrointestinal Medication Adherence 3.1.7 Rheumatology Medication Adherence 3.2 Global Medication Adherence Product Segment by Application QYResearchReports offers Latest News & Articles @ http://www.qyresearchreports.com/press-releases.htm CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Global Adult Sound Machines and Sleep Aids Market- Graco, Marpac, HoMedics, Cloud B Next PostNext Managed Security Services Market Worth US$ 100.88 Bn by 2026 Search Recent Posts Global Clutch Market for Automotive to Register High Demand Rate by 2024 $39.50 Bn Expected for Global Pea Protein Market at 8.00% CAGR by 2022 Global Total Station Theodolites Market- FOIF, Boif, Dadi, TJOP Global Truck Telematics Market- Daimler FleetBoard GmbH, KORE, Masternaut, AirIQ Global Truck Telematics Market- Daimler FleetBoard GmbH, KORE, Masternaut, AirIQ Business Directory Business Contacts Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Helping the world invest better since 1993. Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Latest Stock Picks Stocks Premium Services Return S&P Stock Advisor Flagship service 227% 68% Rule Breakers High-growth stocks 98% 57% Income Investor Dividend stocks 46% 42% Hidden Gems Small-cap stocks 57% 54% Inside Value Undervalued stocks 47% 31% Returns as of 3/20/2017 Stock Market News Latest Investing News Gainers & Losers in the Market Today 3 Top Dividend Stocks to Buy Now Dividend Paying Stocks for Beginners Top Growth Stock for 2017 Discover High Growth Stocks 10 Best Stocks Right Now Popular Stocks Apple Stock (AAPL) Facebook Stock (FB) Tesla Stock (TSLA) Netflix Stock (NFLX) Google Stock (GOOG) Amazon Stock (AMZN) GE Stock (GE) Disney Stock (DIS) Twitter Stock (TWTR) Snapchat Stock (SNAP) How to Invest Learn How to Invest How to Invest in Stocks Start Investing with $100 a Month Investing Knowledge Center Learn Options Trading Guide to Index, Mutual & ETF Funds How to Build a Dividend Portfolio Investing for Retirement Track Your Performance Portfolio Tracker Rate & Research Stocks - CAPS Investing Accounts Compare Brokerage Accounts Compare IRA Accounts Retirement Retirement Planning 401Ks | IRAs | Asset Allocation Step by step guide to retirement Your 2016 Guide to Retirement Plans Will Social Security be there for me? Retirement Guide: 20s | 30s | 40s | 50s Save for College or Retirement? $16,122 Social Security Bonus Already Retired Time to Retire, Now What? Living in Retirement in Your 60s Should I Reverse Mortgage My Home? Should I Get a Long Term Care Policy? Your 2017 Guide to Social Security Personal Finance Credit Cards Best Credit Cards of 2017 Best Credit Card Sign-Up Bonuses Best Balance-Transfer Credit Cards Best Travel Credit Cards Best Cash-Back Credit Cards Best No-Annual-Fee Credit Cards Mortgages Compare Mortgage Rates Get Pre-Approved How Much House Can I Afford? 11 Mortgage Essentials Demystified Taxes How to Reduce Your Taxes Deductions Even Pros Overlook Audit-Proof Your Tax Return What Info Should I Keep? Saving & Budgeting Getting Out of Debt Create an Emergency Fund Which Accounts Should I Use? College Savings Community Our Mission: Helping the World Invest — Better Founded in 1993 by brothers Tom and David Gardner, The Motley Fool helps millions of people attain financial freedom through our website, podcasts, books, newspaper column, radio show, and premium investing services. Who is The Motley Fool? About Us Foolanthropy Fool.com Site Help Media Inquiries Contact Us Fool Podcasts Motley Fool Money Marketfoolery Industry Focus Motley Fool Answers Rule Breaker Investing Social Media + Facebook Twitter Discussion Boards CAPS - Stock Picking Community Latest Stock Picks Stocks Stocks Premium Services Return S&P Stock Advisor Flagship service 227% 68% Rule Breakers High-growth stocks 98% 57% Income Investor Dividend stocks 46% 42% Hidden Gems Small-cap stocks 57% 54% Inside Value Undervalued stocks 47% 31% Returns as of 3/20/2017 Stock Market News Latest Investing News Gainers & Losers in the Market Today 3 Top Dividend Stocks to Buy Now Dividend Paying Stocks for Beginners Top Growth Stock for 2017 Discover High Growth Stocks 10 Best Stocks Right Now Popular Stocks Apple Stock (AAPL) Facebook Stock (FB) Tesla Stock (TSLA) Netflix Stock (NFLX) Google Stock (GOOG) Amazon Stock (AMZN) GE Stock (GE) Disney Stock (DIS) Twitter Stock (TWTR) Snapchat Stock (SNAP) How to Invest How to Invest Learn How to Invest How to Invest in Stocks Start Investing with $100 a Month Investing Knowledge Center Learn Options Trading Guide to Index, Mutual & ETF Funds How to Build a Dividend Portfolio Investing for Retirement Track Your Performance Portfolio Tracker Rate & Research Stocks - CAPS Investing Accounts Compare Brokerage Accounts Compare IRA Accounts Retirement Retirement Retirement Planning 401Ks IRAs Asset Allocation Step by step guide to retirement Your 2016 Guide to Retirement Plans Will Social Security be there for me? Retirement Guide: 20s Retirement Guide: 30s Retirement Guide: 40s Retirement Guide: 50s Save for College or Retirement? $16,122 Social Security Bonus Already Retired Time to Retire, Now What? Living in Retirement in Your 60s Should I reverse Mortgage My Home? Should I Get a Long Term Care Policy? Your 2016 Guide to Social Security Personal Finance Personal Finance Credit Cards Best Credit Cards of 2017 Best Credit Card Sign-Up Bonuses Best Balance-Transfer Credit Cards Best Travel Credit Cards Best Cash-Back Credit Cards Best No-Annual-Fee Credit Cards Mortgages Compare Mortgage Rates Get Pre-Approved How Much House Can I Afford? 11 Mortgage Essentials Demystified Taxes How to Reduce Your Taxes Deductions Even Pros Overlook Audit-Proof Your Tax Return What Info Should I Keep? Saving & Budgeting Getting Out of Debt Create an Emergency Fund Which Accounts Should I Use? College Savings Community Community Who is The Motley Fool? About Us Foolanthropy Fool.com Site Help Media Inquiries Contact Us Fool Podcasts Motley Fool Money Marketfoolery Industry Focus Motley Fool Answers Rule Breaker Investing Social Media + Facebook Twitter Discussion Boards CAPS - Stock Picking Community Login Search Search: Why NewLink Genetics Shares Fell 10.3% Today Mid-stage trial results fail to impress investors. Todd Campbell (TMFEBCapital) Apr 4, 2017 at 5:07PM What happened After reporting that a mid-stage clinical trial stumbled, NewLink Genetics Corporation (NASDAQ:NLNK) shares lost 10.3% of their value today. So what Last year, attention shifted to NewLink's IDO-inhibiting cancer drug pipeline after its once-promising algenpantucel-L failed to achieve its primary endpoint in phase 3 trials. IMAGE SOURCE: GETTY IMAGES. This morning, investors got a closer look at interim data from a phase 2 trial evaluating its IDO-inhibitor indoximod, and despite arguably competitive response rates, investors were disappointed. In its trial, indoximod was used alongside Merck & Co. checkpoint inhibitor Keytruda in 60 patients diagnosed with advanced melanoma. The objective response rate to the combination was 52%, and the disease control rate was 73%. For reference, the disease control rate includes patients determined to have a complete response, a partial response, or stable disease.  These were solid rates, but investors appear worried that they might not match up as competitively to Incyte's competing IDO-inhibitor, epacadostat. In smaller phase 1 trials involving 19 patients, the ORR for epacadostat plus Keytruda was 58%. Now what: Indoximod development is continuing as planned, and earlier this year, management reported that its spending on indoximod's R&D will increase substantially as trials expand to include more patients and cancer indications. Investors should also see initial results for another IDO-inhibitor later this year. The company's GDC-0919 attempts to inhibit IDO in a way that's more similar to Incyte's drug than indoximod, and collaboration partner Roche Holdings is expected to report some phase 1b data in the second half of 2017. Overall, there's a lot going on at this company, and while the data might not have been as robust as hoped to justify the uptick in development expenses, it seems to me like today's drop was more "sell the news" than anything else. Todd Campbell has no position in any stocks mentioned. His clients may have positions in the companies mentioned. The Motley Fool has no position in any of the stocks mentioned. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author Todd Campbell (TMFEBCapital) Todd has been helping buy side portfolio managers as an independent researcher for over a decade. In 2003, Todd founded E.B. Capital Markets, LLC, a research firm providing action oriented ideas to professional investors. Todd has provided insight to a variety of publications, including SmartMoney, Barron's, and CNN/fn. Follow @ebcapital Article Info Apr 4, 2017 at 5:07PM Health Care Stocks Merck and Co. NYSE:MRK $63.67 up $0.20 (0.32%) Roche Holding Ltd. (ADR) NASDAQOTH:RHHBY $32.15 up $0.04 (0.12%) Incyte NASDAQ:INCY $141.55 up $3.03 (2.19%) NewLink Genetics NASDAQ:NLNK $20.79 down $-2.30 (-9.96%) Read More Morning Movers in Biotech: Gilead Sciences, NewLink Genetics Corp. and Novartis AG This Week in Biotech Why Ebola Vaccine Makers' Stocks Soared NewLink Genetics Vaccine May Improve How We Treat Pancreatic Cancer How Researchers Are Waging War on the Most Lethal Type of Cancer Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Terms of Use Privacy Policy Accessibility Policy Copyright, Trademark and Patent Information Terms and Conditions © 1995 - 2017 The Motley Fool. All rights reserved. Current Why NewLink Genetics Shares Fell 10.3% Today @themotleyfool #stocks $MRK, $RHHBY, $INCY, $NLNK
Latest News Dow 20,689 +39.03 +0.19% Nasdaq 5,899 +3.93 +0.07% S&P 500 2,360 +1.32 +0.06% 3:00 A.M. ET Meet the drug addicts and gang members making $2500 handbags 3:01 A.M. ET France's CAC 40 opens flat at 5,102.07 3:01 A.M. ET U.K.'s FTSE 100 opens 0.3% higher at 7,342.51 3:00 A.M. ET Stoxx Europe 600 opens flat at 380.11 2:28 A.M. ET BMW, Glaxo, Allstate pull Bill O'Reilly show ads 2:27 A.M. ET Syngenta-ChemChina deal gets FTC approval 2:27 A.M. ET DCC buys Shell's Hong Kong LPG unit; CEO to leave 2:25 A.M. ET BHP Billiton: Force majeure at Aussie coal mines 12:58 A.M. ET Oil prices hold four-week high on bullish data 12:52 A.M. ET North Korea Missile launch prompts more yen buying 4/04 Asian markets perk up amid rising commodity prices 4/04 Bill O'Reilly's advertiser exodus continues 4/04 Updated What Uber drivers can teach America about work-life balance 4/04 Updated This is how many U.S. jobs robots will create over the next 10 years 4/04 Updated Amazon’s next customer: Americans who don’t have a bank account 4/04 Updated Half of American families are desperately living paycheck to paycheck 4/04 Updated 6 unusual things to do with your body after you die 4/04 Ex-Trump adviser Carter Page says Russian spies tried to recruit him 4/04 Pepsi faces backlash to ‘tone-deaf’ protest commercial 4/04 Consumers in line for $70 million in refunds after Amazon, FTC settlement Log In Home News Viewer Video SectorWatch Podcasts First Take Games Portfolio My MarketWatch News Viewer Markets U.S. Europe/Middle East Emerging Markets Asia Canada SectorWatch Columns Market Snapshot Movers & Shakers The Tell Currencies Futures Movers Pre-Market News Tools Earnings Wall Markets Overview IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar Currency Tools Futures Contracts Market Screener Hulbert Interactive Investing Stocks Mutual Funds ETFs Options Bonds Commodities Currencies Futures Financial Adviser Center Hedge Funds/Insider Trades Getting Started MarketWatch Adviser Columns Options Trader Revolution Investing Tools Stock Screener Funds Finder ETF Screener Options Screener IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar More... Personal Finance 10 Things Big Spender Real Estate Spending & Saving Taxes Columns The Moneyologist Brett Arends Bill Bischoff Amy Hoak Chuck Jaffe Jennifer Openshaw Jennifer Waters Tools Funds Finder Today's Rates Retirement Retire Here, Not There Encore Taxes How-to Guides Social Security Estate Planning Events Columns Robert Powell's Retirement Portfolio Andrea Coombes's Working Retirement Tools Retirement Planner How long will my money last? Economy Federal Reserve Capitol Report Economic Report Columns Darrell Delamaide Irwin Kellner Rex Nutting Tools Economic Calendar Real Estate Location Scouts realtor.com My MarketWatch Watchlist Alerts Games Log In Home Industries Biotechnology NewLink Genetics Corp. stock drops 28% on mid-stage results for melanoma drug By Emma Court Published: Apr 4, 2017 9:48 a.m. ET Share By EmmaCourt Reporter NewLink Genetics Corp. NLNK, -9.96% shares dropped as much as 27.7% in morning trade Tuesday after the company released interim results for a phase 2 trial for advanced melanoma. The company's indoximod was being tested in combination with Merck's MRK, +0.32% Keytruda. NewLink Genetics said that data on 60 patients found an objective response rate of 52% and a disease control rate of 73%, with rates slightly higher among patients with non-ocular melanoma, at a 59% objective response rate and an 80% disease control rate. Though the company described the results -- which it is presenting at the American Association for Cancer Research's annual meeting on Tuesday -- as impressive and emphasized that the cancer drug combination was well tolerated overall, investors questioned how much of an effect the company's drug had relative to Merck's Keytruda alone and compared NewLink Genetics negatively to Incyte Corp. INCY, +2.19% which is also developing an IDO inhibitor and is working with Merck. NewLink Genetics shares were valued at $18.40 as of Tuesday morning. The company's shares have surged 63.8% over the last three months, compared with a 3.8% rise in the S&P 500 SPX, +0.06% Quote References NLNK -2.30 -9.96% MRK +0.20 +0.32% INCY +3.03 +2.19% SPX +1.32 +0.06% Most Popular Payless Shoesource files for Chapter 11, will close nearly 400 stores Pepsi faces backlash to ‘tone-deaf’ protest commercial Here’s one reason to be bearish on Tesla This is what scares Nobel Prize-winning economist Robert Shiller about the economy Why the bank of the future will look like an Apple store MarketWatch Partner Center Sponsored Headlines MarketWatch Site Index Topics Help Feedback Newsroom Roster Media Archive Premium Products Mobile Company Company Info Code of Conduct Corrections Advertising Media Kit Advertise Locally Reprints & Licensing Broker Center Your Ad Choices Dow Jones Network WSJ.com Barron's Online BigCharts Virtual Stock Exchange Financial News Online WSJ.com Small Business realtor.com Mansion Global Back to Top Copyright ©2017 MarketWatch, Inc. All rights reserved. By using this site you agree to the Terms of Service, Privacy Policy, and Cookie Policy (updated). Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. Intraday data delayed per exchange requirements. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real time last sale data provided by NASDAQ. More information on NASDAQ traded symbols and their current financial status. Intraday data delayed 15 minutes for Nasdaq, and 20 minutes for other exchanges. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. SEHK intraday data is provided by SIX Financial Information and is at least 60-minutes delayed. All quotes are in local exchange time. Advanced Search Stocks Columns Authors Topics No results found NewLink Genetics Corp. U.S.: Nasdaq: NLNK $20.79 -2.30 (-9.96%) Volume 4.5M Open $19.46 High $21.60 Low $16.39 P/E Ratio 0 Div Yield 0 Market Cap 674.6M Merck & Co. Inc. U.S.: NYSE: MRK $63.67 +0.20 (+0.32%) Volume 6.2M Open $63.59 High $63.77 Low $63.37 P/E Ratio 45.61 Div Yield 2.95 Market Cap 174.3B Incyte Corp. U.S.: Nasdaq: INCY $141.55 +3.03 (+2.19%) Volume 1.7M Open $138.01 High $143.05 Low $137.81 P/E Ratio 262.13 Div Yield 0 Market Cap 28.2B S&P 500 Index S&P Base CME: SPX 2,360.16 +1.32 (+0.06%) Volume 1.8B Open 2,355 High 2,361 Low 2,351 P/E Ratio 0 Div Yield 0 Market Cap N/A
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 4 April 2017 by Military News Monoclonal Antibody Therapeutics Market By Application, Source and End User Analysis 2024 Several market players are collaborating with local and well-established companies and research facilities to strengthen their position. Transparency Market Research has observed that companies will continue to partner in order to reduce the high cost involved in the production of monoclonal antibodies, investments in research and development, and need for trained staff. Some of the leading players operating in the demanding global market are Bayer AG, Pfizer Inc., Sanofi, F. Hoffmann-La Roche Ltd., Merck & Co., Inc., GlaxoSmithKline Plc., Novartis AG, and AbbVie Inc. The extensive research report by Transparency Market Research states that the global monoclonal antibody therapeutics market will be worth US$245.8 bn by 2024 from US$86.7 bn in 2015. During the forecast years of 2016 and 2024, the global market is expected to rise at a CAGR of 12.6%. Obtain Report Details @ www.transparencymarketresearch.com/monoclonal-antibody-th… Access to Affordable Healthcare across North America Amplifies Demand for Monoclonal Antibody Therapeutics Monoclonal antibody therapeutics are used for treating cancer, autoimmune diseases, infection, ophthalmological diseases, and hematological diseases among others. Of these, the autoimmune diseases segment is projected to rise at a phenomenal pace during the forecast period. Increasing incidence of autoimmune diseases that affect the overall population has triggered a significant demand for these therapeutics. All throughout the forecast period of 2016 and 2024, the global market is expected to rise at a CAGR of 13.5%. In terms of geography, the global market is segmented into North America, Europe, Asia Pacific, Latin America, and the Middle East and Africa. Regionally, North America is expected to dominate the global market due to growing healthcare facilities across the region. Furthermore, affordable healthcare available to patients has also augmented the demand for monoclonal antibody therapeutics across North America during the forecast period. By the end of 2024, the North America monoclonal antibody therapeutics market is expected to acquire a share of 37.9% in the global market. Approvals and Commercialization of New Products Ups Sales The global monoclonal antibody therapeutics market is expected to grow at a remarkable pace due to the high incidence of chronic diseases like cancer. The growing health concerns and the increasing diagnoses of cancer in various stages as boosted the demand for these therapeutics in recent years. The latest research by the World Health Organization predicts that the world will witness a 70% spike in the overall cancer cases, of which 60% of the cases will be attributable to Latin America, Asia, and Africa. The incremental approvals in monoclonal antibody products across Europe and the U.S. have also contributed to soaring revenue of the global market. The report by TMR suggests that about five to six monoclonal antibodies are approved each year in these regions. Out of the 60 monoclonal antibodies approved in Europe in 2015, 48 have hit the market. Thus, the widening product portfolio that comes in a broad price range has also played a key role in encouraging the uptake of monoclonal antibody therapeutics. High Cost of Production Dissuades Market Growth Though the market is estimated to have a bright potential, it is likely to be shadowed by a few restraints. The increasing production of biosimilars that are also used for treating various chronic conditions and autoimmune diseases are expected to eat into the market share of monoclonal antibody therapeutics market. Furthermore, the patent cliff of several products is also likely to have a negative impact on the overall earnings of the global market. The market is also anticipated to face a tough challenge due to the high cost of monoclonal antibodies as their production is exceptionally time-consuming and demands strict adherence to rules and regulations. Fill the form for an exclusive sample of this report @ www.transparencymarketresearch.com/sample/sample.php?flag… About Us Transparency Market Research (TMR) is a market intelligence company, providing global business information reports and services. Our exclusive blend of quantitative forecasting and trends analysis provides forward-looking insight for thousands of decision makers. We have an experienced team of Analysts, Researchers, and Consultants, who us e proprietary data sources and various tools and techniques to gather, and analyze information. Our business offerings represent the latest and the most reliable information indispensable for businesses to sustain a competitive edge. Contact Transparency Market Research 90 State Street, Suite 700 Albany, NY 12207 Tel: +1-518-618-1030 USA – Canada Toll Free: 866-552-3453 Email: sales@transparencymarketresearch.com Website: www.transparencymarketresearch.com Browse market research blog: tmrresearch.blogspot.com/ This release was published on openPR. CategoriesUncategorized TagsHealth & Medicine Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Biodegradable Stents Market Global Industry Volume and Region Analysis – 2024 Next PostNext Surgical Shadowless Lamps Market – Global Industry Analysis and Forecast 2016 – 2023 Search Recent Posts Instant Beverage Premixes: Global Market Intelligence (2012-2021) 2017 POC/Decentralized Hematology and Flow Cytometry Markets: Physician Offices, Emergency Rooms, Operating Suites, ICUs/CCUs, Cancer Clinics, Ambulatory Care Centers, Surgery Centers, Nursing Homes, Birth Centers–Supplier Shares and Strategies, Co Unified Communications (UC) Applications and Services Market in India, H1 CY 2016 Update IGU Releases 2017 World LNG Report Infortrend Storage Meets Autodesk Flame 2018 Requirements to Bring Advanced Media Solutions Business Directory Business Contacts Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 4 April 2017 by Military News Global Anti-Infective Vaccines Market Research Report 2017 Industry Types & Medical Solutions – Astrazeneca, Pfizer, GlaxoSmithKline, Merck In this report, the global Anti-Infective Vaccines market is valued at USD XX million in 2016 and is expected to reach USD XX million by the end of 2022, growing at a CAGR of XX% between 2016 and 2022. Geographically, this report is segmented into several key Regions, with production, consumption, revenue (million USD), market share and growth rate of Anti-Infective Vaccines in these regions, from 2012 to 2022 (forecast), covering North America Europe China Japan Southeast Asia India Global Anti-Infective Vaccines market competition by top manufacturers, with production, price, revenue (value) and market share for each manufacturer; the top players including Teva Pharmaceutical Industries Emergent Biosolutions Sanofi Pasteur GlaxoSmithKline Merck CSL Limited Astrazeneca Pfizer Serum Institute Of India Protein Sciences Corporation On the basis of product, this report displays the production, revenue, price, market share and growth rate of each type, primarily split into Anti-Bacterial Vaccines Anti-Viral Vaccines On the basis on the end users/applications, this report focuses on the status and outlook for major applications/end users, consumption (sales), market share and growth rate of Anti-Infective Vaccines for each application, including TB Typhoid Influenza Other Order your Free Sample Copy of this Report @ www.qyresearchreports.com/sample/sample.php?rep_id=104038… QYresearchreports.com delivers the latest strategic market intelligence to build a successful business footprint in China. Our syndicated and customized research reports provide companies with vital background information of the market and in-depth analysis on the Chinese trade and investment framework, which directly affects their business operations. QYResearchReports 1820 Avenue M Suite #1047 Brooklyn, NY 11230 United States Toll Free: 866-997-4948 (USA-CANADA) Tel: +1-518-618-1030 Web: www.qyresearchreports.com Email: sales@qyresearchreports.com This release was published on openPR. CategoriesUncategorized TagsHealth & Medicine Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Global Anti-Cancer Injectable Market Research Report 2017 Industry Analysis & Study of Clinical Medical Solutions – Jazz Pharmaceuticals, Johnson & Johnson, Spectrum Pharmaceuticals Next PostNext 2012-2022 Report on Southeast Asia Food Coding and Marking Equipment Market Competition, Status and Forecast, Market Size by Players, Regions, Type, Application Search Recent Posts Chromium Silicon Market Productions Supply Sales Demand Market Status and Forecast Research Report 2017 Chromium Silicon Market Productions Supply Sales Demand Market Status and Forecast Research Report 2017 Berkshire Hathaway HomeServices Select Realty Honors Associates Divi Resorts Offers Up to 50% Off Caribbean Travel for Limited-Time Easter Promotion Led2Serve Launches Service Learning Journeys in Washington DC Business Directory Business Contacts Proudly powered by WordPress
null
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 4 April 2017 by satprnews satprnews Zoetis and Merck Dominate US$ 2.26 Bn Companion Animal Vaccines Market Zoetis Inc. will continue to account for a leading share of the US$ 2.26 Bn (2016) global companion animal vaccine market. The pharmaceutical company accounted for over 46% share of the global market in 2015, and it is expected to maintain its numero uno position during the forecast period 2016-2026. Merck & Co., Inc. and Merial, will remain the other key players in this market. The key factors that will fuel demand for companion animal vaccines include, Increasing trend of pet humanisation in developing countries Adoption of pet vaccination programmes, such as ‘herd immunity’ and ‘One Health’ Increasing emphasis on preventing and detecting avian flu Rising pet insurance rates in the U.S. and other developed countries Awareness on the benefits of preventive healthcare over reactive healthcare Collaboration among leading pharmaceutical manufacturers for research and development. Request For Report Sample: http://www.futuremarketinsights.com/reports/sample/rep-gb-1427 According to Future Market Insights’ research, lack of information on emerging virulent veterinary diseases, and decline sales revenues through veterinarians can stifle demand for companion animal vaccines during the forecast period. The longstanding challenges with correctly identifying and understanding antigen/immunogenic structures can also negatively impact the growth of the market. Product Type Analysis: Attenuated Live Vaccines will Continue to Witness Highest Demand  Companion Animal Vaccines Market Forecast (in US$ Mn) Product 2016 2026 Attenuated Live Vaccines 764 1543.5 Conjugate Vaccines XX XX Inactivated Vaccines XX XX Subunit Vaccines XX XX Toxoid Vaccines XX XX DNA Vaccines XX XX Recombinant Vaccines XX XX Total XX XX Nearly US$ 764 Mn worth of attenuated live vaccines were sold globally in 2016. This segment is projected to grow at a CAGR of 7.3% during the forecast period 2016-2026. Distribution Channel Analysis: Veterinary Clinics will Remain the Preferred Distribution Channel  Veterinary clinics continue to be the preferred distribution channel for pharma companies, followed by veterinary hospitals. These two point of care centres witness substantial footfall of pet owners all year round, and drug companies continuously focus on increasing sales through these channels. In 2016, these two distribution channels collectively accounted for nearly 75% revenue share of the market. By the end of forecast period, the status quo is expected to remain unchanged. Retail pharmacies, which held 20% share of the market in 2016, will grow at the highest CAGR during the forecast period. North America – Largest Market for Companion Animal Vaccines  The U.S. continues to be a leading market for companion animal vaccines. High level of awareness among pet owners, combined with easy availability of pet healthcare have resulted into the growth of the market in the U.S. On account of strong demand in the U.S., North America will continue to be the largest market globally. Send An Enquiry: http://www.futuremarketinsights.com/askus/rep-gb-1427 The North America companion animals market was valued at nearly US$ 676 in 2016. It is projected to increase at 6.9% CAGR through 2026, reaching over US$ 1.3 Bn in revenues. Western Europe, the second-largest market for companion animal vaccines is projected to grow at 7.1% CAGR through 2026. Overall, Future Market Insights maintains a positive outlook on the global companion animal vaccines market, projecting it to grow at 6.8% CAGR during the forecast period 2016-2026. CategoriesUncategorized TagsCompanion Animal Vaccines Market, Google News Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Chemotherapy Induced Nausea and Vomiting (CINV) – Market Insights, Epidemiology & Market Forecast to 2023 – Research and Markets Next PostNext Global Sperm Analytical Devices Market to Grow at a CAGR of 7.83%, 2017-2021 with Medical Electronic Systems, Origio & Vitrolife Dominating – Research and Markets Search Recent Posts Alumina Crystal Market Sales Research, Key Players, Industry Overview, Supply and Consumption Demand Analysis by 2022 Westlake Financial Services Launches eContracting Solution Through DealerCenter Dr. David Kashmer Was A Featured Speaker At The Lean And Six Sigma World Conference in Nashville Dr. Steve Tatevossian was Selected to be Featured in Upcoming Book on Cosmetic Dentistry Dr. Steve Tatevossian was Selected to be Featured in Upcoming Book on Cosmetic Dentistry Business Contacts Business Directory Proudly powered by WordPress
Menu Search here Home Articles Newswires Videos UK INVESTOR SHOW BIOTECH CAPITAL TECH CAPITAL MINES & MONEY OIL COUNCIL MINING CAPITAL OIL CAPITAL Elevator Pitch Big Picture Columnists Companies All Companies All Featured UK Featured North America Featured Australia Featured Events All events /news/05 April 2017. 8am /news/05 April 2017. 8am /news/05 April 2017. 8am /news/05 April 2017. 8am Highlights All Market Reports Columns Presentations Crowdfunding Elevator Pitch Energy All Big Picture Articles Newswires Market Reports Columns Videos Presentations Conferences Mining All Big Picture Articles Newswires Market Reports Columns Videos Presentations Conferences Tech All Big Picture Articles Newswires Market Reports Columns Videos Presentations Pharma & Biotech All Big Picture Articles Newswires Market Reports Columns Videos Presentations In Focus All Big Picture Articles Newswires Market Reports Columns Videos Presentations Sign-Up Login Watch us Like us Follow us Pro NA Pro AU Fuller Treacy Money Stocktube Mining Capital Oil Capital Tech Capital Biotech Capital Pro NAPro AU Pro HK FULLER TREACY MONEY StockTube Mining Capital Oil Capital Tech Capital Biotech Capital Sign up UNITED KINGDOM USA Australia Germany China Login × Login Email Password Sign in Did you forget your password? Click here for recovery Or login using... × Send Email To: * Separate multiple addresses with commas. From: Name: Please send me a copy Message: Verification code: * Enter the code from above Send × Preferences Profile Password Edit your personal details Email First Name Last Name Mobile/Cell Home/Daytime Work Gender Male Female Hometown Primary Country Corporate Website I want to get marketing materials from Proactive Investors More about yourself Tell us a little bit about you and your interests Occupation Portfolio Size No portfolio €1 - €49,000 €50,000 - €99,000 €100,000 - €499,000 €500,000 - €1,000,000 +€1000,000 Interest (You can select more then one) General Interest Educational Private Investor Professional Investor Institutional Investor Hedge Fund Manager Public Relations Financial Services Broker Media / Press Change your password Password Password Repeat × Contact Support Your email: * Problematic page url * Message * Verification code Enter the code from above * Home Articles Newswires Videos UK INVESTOR SHOW BIOTECH CAPITAL TECH CAPITAL MINES & MONEY OIL COUNCIL MINING CAPITAL OIL CAPITAL Elevator Pitch Big Picture Columnists Companies All Companies All Featured UK Featured North America Featured Australia Featured Events 06 April 2017. 6pm 20 April 2017. 6pm 09 May 2017. 6pm 18 May 2017. 6pm × Advanced Search Keyword Search by CHANNEL SECTOR MARKET AUTHOR Energy Mining Pharma & Biotech Tech In Focus Aerospace Aerospace & Defense Agribusiness Automobiles & Parts Banks Basic Materials Beverages Broadcasting & Entertainment Building Material & Fixtures Business Support Services Capital Goods Chemicals Cleantech and Renewable Energy Clothing & Footwear Computer Hardware Computer Services Construction & Materials Consumer Finance Consumer Services Diamonds & Gemstones Education Electronic & Electrical Equipment Energy Engineering Equity Instruments ETF - Exchange-Traded Fund Exploration & Production Financial Financial Admin Food & Beverages Food & Drug Retailers Forestry & Paper Furnishings Gambling General Financials General Industry General Mining General Mining - Coal General Mining - Copper General Mining - Diamonds & Gemstones General Mining - Gold General Mining - Iron Ore and Bauxite General Mining - Lithium General Mining - Moly, Chrome, Tungsten & Manganese General Mining - Nickel and Cobalt General Mining - Platinum Group Metals General Mining - Potash and Phosphate General Mining - Rare Earth Minerals General Mining - Silver General Mining - Uranium & Lithium General Mining - Zinc, Lead and Tin General Retailers Gold Mining Growth Companies Health Care, Equipment & Services Industrial Machinery Industrial Metals Industrial Suppliers Insurance Integrated Oil & Gas Internet Internet Investment Funds & Companies Investment Services IT Hardware Leisure Manufacturing Media & Publishing Medical Cannabis Mining Mobile Communications Multiutilities Nonequity Investment Instruments Oil & Gas Oil & Gas Equipment & Services Oil & Gas Exploration & Production Other Industry News Personal Products Pharma & Biotech Pharmaceuticals Platinum & Precious Metals Real Estate Real Estate Holding & Development Recreational Services Renewable Energy Restaurants, pubs Semiconductors Software & Computer Services Specialty Chemicals Specialty Finance Specialty Retailers Sports Support Services Tech Technology Hardware & Equipment Telecommunications Equipment Telecoms Telecoms services Transportation Travel Leisure Travel, Leisure & Hospitality Utilities All UK Markets All North American Markets PRIVATE AIM OTCQB PINK TMP AMEX LSE PLUS ASX TSX JSE NASDAQ FRA TSX-V OTCBB KRX OTC FFT NYSE XETRA ISE MCE CSE COLOMBO NASDAQ OMX OSL GXG GSX NSX NEX OTCMKTS EPA SGX Frankfurt Code NYSEMKT ETR HKG AEX Ian Mclelland Craig Ribton Ian Lyall Philip Whiterow Sam Kiri Ruth Gemmell Andrew McCrea John Phillips John Harrington Deborah Bacal Carrie Howes Brian Keane Peter Murray Jamie Ashcroft Giles Gwinnett Northland Capital Deborah Sterescu Charlotte Kan Anwar Ali Bevis Yeo Mourad Haroutunian Gordon Aldcorn Alessandro Bruno Jane Sully Jackie Steinitz Steve Asfour Natasha Barr Proactive Investors John McGoldrick SP Angel HB Markets Ransquawk Fuller Treavy Galvan Trader Talk Hybridan Fox-Davies Fat Prophets Alistair Strang Edison's weekly research summary The Naked Trader Keith Heddle Michael Millar Angus Warren Beaufort Securities Markets At A Glance Sprott Group Susan McKenzie Charlotte Kan Leigh Bolton Adam Sheldrake Sophie Barrowman Emma Milton Northland Capital IG Group Malcolm Graham-Wood Nick Huber Nicola Brown Andrew Neil Shard Capital Damon Heath Gareth Burchell Juliet Mann Jon Hopkins Accendo Markets Sarah Lowther Greg Watson Nigel Roberts . Fuller Treacy Money Philip Waller Jonathan Jones Alastair Ford Glen Jones Thomas Coleman Stewart Dalby Eithne Treanor RFC Ambrian Ben Marlow Richard Embrey Ebiquity Kieron Hodgson Stefania Barbaglio Sasha Sethi Jeremy Naylor Jamie Nimmo Carrie White George Matlock Josh Allsopp Tom Howard VSA Capital George Matlock Charles Breese Roger Lawson Andrew Scott Jonathon Narvey Jonathon Narvey Angela Kean Christine Feary Andre Lamberti Jeff Coote Sergei Balashov Brad Lemaire Joyanta Acharjee Olivia D'Orazio Jon Mainwaring Ross Louthean, Mineweb.net Fiona MacDonald Erin Sugar Richard Badauskas Metals Place Kam Patel Julie Crust Chris Shaw Dorothy Kosich Stephen Feldman Jon Hopkins Tip Tv Renae Dyer The Naked Fund Manager Lionel Therond Ed Stacey James Dolman James Eginton Sam Catalano Ed Birkin Andy Brown Fahad Changazi Zak Mir Dr. Riccardo Lowi Eugene Gallagher David Eaton Youssef Essaegh Highlights Market Reports Columns Presentations Crowdfunding Elevator Pitch Energy Big Picture Articles Newswires Market Reports Columns Videos Presentations Mining Big Picture Articles Newswires Market Reports Columns Videos Presentations Tech Big Picture Articles Newswires Market Reports Columns Videos Presentations Pharma & Biotech Big Picture Articles Newswires Market Reports Columns Videos Presentations In Focus Big Picture Articles Newswires Market Reports Columns Videos Presentations Home News Articles LON:NANO Nanoco's shares tank after cutting full year guidance as sales fail to materialise Share Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Email Print Download PDF version 10:29 04 Apr 2017 Nanoco Group plans to overhaul its business and cut costs if it fails to generate sales in the second half Nanoco expects first commercial sales of its products later in the second half Quantum dots specialist Nanoco Group plc (LON:NANO) has lowered its full year expectations as sales have failed to materialise in the second half. Shares fell 18.06% to 29.50p in morning trading. The company said it expects first commercial sales of its products in the remainder of the second half but has contingency plans in the event that sales are further delayed. Nanoco will undertake a reorganisation of its operations and slash costs if it doesn’t generate any sales. "Nanoco is engaged with more near term commercial opportunities than at any time in its history, so it is frustrating not to be able to report significant revenues to date and it is essential that sales commence as expected,” said chief executive Michael Edelman. The company said it was in extensive discussions with nine original equipment manufacturers regarding 14 projects and expects a number of these to convert to sales.  Nanoco also believes it has enough cash to give it sufficient headroom under the expected timeframe for commercial sales to commence. At 31 January, the group had cash and cash equivalents of £8.3mln, compared o £18.3mln a year earlier, and is due to receive research and development tax credit of £1.9mln. In the first half to 31 January 2017, revenue rose to £0.68mln from £0.14mln the same period a year earlier and the loss before tax widened to £6.4mln from £6.26mln. Loss after exceptional items and taxation was £5.43mln, compared to £5.24mln the previous year. Nanoco develops cadmium-free quantum dots and other nanomaterials for use in multiple applications including LCD displays, lighting, solar cells and bio-imaging. It has non-exclusive manufacturing and marketing licensing agreements with The Dow Chemical Company, Merck KGaA and Taiwan's Wah Hong Industrial Corporation. In March 2016 Nanoco changed its contract with Dow from exclusive licensing to multiple non-exclusive licenses. “This strategic change means the company has created multiple channels to commercialise its technology in the display market, thus de-risking the business by broadening the range of opportunities available,” it said. Nanoco's cadmium-free quantum dots are now being manufactured at Runcorn in the UK and at Dow's manufacturing plant in Cheonan, South Korea. The Merck facility also plans to manufacturer the quantum dots. The company partnered with Taiwan-based Wah Hong last July for the supply and licencing of its Fine Color Film.  Nanoco will supply resins containing cadmium-free quantum dots from its manufacturing facility in Runcorn and Wah Hong will incorporate the resin into a film, under Nanoco's Fine Color Film brand, and sell to the display industry. At the Consumer Technology Association event in Las Vegas in January, three televisions were demonstrated using the Fine Color Film from manufacturers Hisense, TCL and TPV Philips. The TVS all displayed 55 inch, ultra-high definition, wide-colour gamut LCD televisions at Nanoco’s presentation. The televisions were well received by the industry, TV manufacturers, suppliers and media, the company said.  Share Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Email Print Download PDF version Renae Dyer Register here to be notified of future NANO Company articles View full NANO profile Nanoco Group Timeline Video October 17 2016 Nanoco boss: ‘All the big TV brands want our technology’ Newswire October 11 2016 Picture is bright for quantum dots specialist Nanoco Newswire August 08 2016 Nanoco dips on lower revenue but says trading is “in line” with expectations Article March 31 2016 Nanoco Group Plc’s new Dow deal opens opportunity, but also uncertainty Newswire August 05 2010 Nanoco gets US$600,000 milestone payment from Japanese electronics company Article November 02 2009 Nanoco: selling tiny dots for big bucks Newswire September 23 2009 Nanoco signs further agreement with major Japanese electronics company View All RSS Portfolio Follow Only registred members can create thier own customized alerts. Register or Log in Help Only registered members can add into watchlist. Register or Log in Nanoco Group View full company profile Nanoco Group partners major R&D and blue-chip industrial organisations in the development of applications incorporating semiconductor nanoparticles, “quantum dots”. Nanoco Group is traded in the ISDX Exchange HERE Nanoco Group partners major R&D and blue-chip industrial organisations in the development of applications incorporating semiconductor nanoparticles, “quantum dots”. Nanoco Group is traded in the ISDX Exchange HERE Hide text Market: LSE EPIC: NANO Market Cap: 74.84M Latest Price: 31.50p  (-12.50% ) 52-week H/L: 79.62p / 28.00p Sector: Semiconductors Nanoco Group 1day 1year Loading charts Loading charts Related Video Nanoco boss: ‘All the big TV brands want our technology’ October 17 2016 See more related videos Nanoco Group RNS announcements 2017-04-04 Holding(s) in Company2017-04-04 Holding(s) in Company2017-04-04 Interim Results2017-03-30 Webcast of Interim Results2017-03-06 Notice of Results2017-02-08 Holding(s) in Company2017-02-06 Notification of Major Interest in Shares2017-02-03 Notification of Major Interest in Shares2017-01-27 Directorate Change2017-01-19 Block Listing Six Monthly Return2017-01-16 Notification of Major Interest in Shares2017-01-06 Nanoco to Present at Needham Growth Conference2017-01-04 Nanoco Fine Color Film TVs at CES2017-01-03 Notification of Major Interest in Shares2016-12-28 Notification of Major Interest in Shares2016-12-22 Director/PDMR Shareholding2016-12-22 Notification of Major Interest in Shares2016-12-20 Notification of Major Interest in Shares2016-12-19 Notification of Major Interest in Shares2016-12-15 Result of AGM View all announcements Proactive Investors Recommended Frontier IP savvy strategy making an impact Condor Gold on a tear after optimisation study Shareholders in WideCells in good position to benefit from stem cell therapy advances International: NA AU DE CN Our Company Term & Conditions The Team Contact us Newsletter Sitemap Cookies Partners: Follow us: © Proactive Investors 2017 Proactive Investor UK Limited, trading as “Proactiveinvestors United Kingdom”, is Authorised and regulated by the Financial Conduct Authority. Registered in England with Company Registration number 05639690. Group VAT registration number 872070825 FCA Registration number 559082. You can contact us here. Market Indices, Commodities and Regulatory News Headlines copyright © Morningstar. Data delayed 15 minutes unless otherwise indicated. Terms of use
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 4 April 2017 by satprnews satprnews AR Treatment Market is Anticipated to Register at a Healthy CAGR of 7.5% by 2024 “Technological advancements in the medical world and rising prevalence of foodborne diseases will primarily build the market for allergic rhinitis treatment globally. Secondarily, strategic partnerships and synergies between big brands, soaring usage of second-generation multiplex immunoassay, and augmenting R&D activities in life sciences and molecular diagnostics will support the market surge within the next few years. Over 2016-2020, the global AR treatment market will reach US$ 14 Bn, which will further take a leap to US$ 16.038 Bn by the end of 2024. Over 2016-2024, the market is likely to see impressive growth at a healthy CAGR of 7.5%.” – Market Research Expert, Life Sciences & Transformational Health, Persistence Market Research.  According to Persistence Market Research’s recent report titled “Global Allergic Rhinitis Treatment Market: Industry Analysis and Forecast, 2016–2024,” key market competitors have embraced different strategic moves in order to strengthen their positions in the global allergic rhinitis treatment marketplace. These activities, according to Persistence Market Research, will boost the overall status of the market in near future. Merck & Co. and Johnson & Johnson are concentrating on new product development, such as nasal sprays. Boehringer Ingelheim will continue to contribute a major share to the market through an increased focus on R&D and a strong distribution network. Sanofi S.A. is also focusing more on increasing R&D investments directed to expanded sales. In addition to growing R&D efforts, AstraZeneca is also emphasizing on innovation of technologically advanced products and acquisition of selective regional players. GlaxoSmithKline PLC and Alcon (Novartis AG) are prioritising cost-effective product development for long-term profits; Alcon specifically aims to tap into emerging markets. Acquisition of players from the same segment and different region will be a key strategy of Teva Pharmaceutical Industries Ltd., which targets production capacity expansion. By disease type, perennial AR segment will remain dominant with around 47% market value share in 2024, gaining around 123 BPS throughout the forecast period. On the other hand, despite losing over 30 BPS over 2016-2024, occupational AR will continue to be the second largest segment with over 35% revenue share at the end of the assessment period. While the revenues of the former are expected to surpass US$ 7.0 Bn, the latter will possibly exceed a value of US$ 5.0 Bn by the end of 2024. By treatment type, immunotherapy treatment segment is expected to be the fastest growing segment over the forecast owing to introduction of new immunotherapy based products, followed by antihistamines segment. However, antihistamines will continue to be the leading treatment type segment with over 50% share in 2024, followed by corticosteroids with over 31% share. Based on route of administration, oral route of administration segment will cover nearly half of the market in terms of value, whereas nasal route of administration segment is anticipated to capture around 38% share of the total market value in 2024. Intravenous segment is foreseen to witness a higher CAGR compared to others, which can uplift the sales revenues of this segment to cross US$ 1.25 Bn in 2024. On the basis of distribution channel, retail pharmacies will account for higher revenues than hospital pharmacies throughout the assessed period. Retail pharmacy revenues are likely to surpass US$ 7.0 Bn, growing at the fastest CAGR of 3.9% over 2016-2024. Whereas, hospital pharmacies will reach over US$ 5.0 Bn, accounting for around 31% share of the market value in 2024. A Sample of this Report is Available Upon Request @ www.persistencemarketresearch.com/samples/12154 As per the geographical assessment of the global allergic rhinitis treatment market, North America will continue to capture the maximum revenue share over the 10-year tenure. With over 63% value share by 2024-end, this region is likely to surpass US$ 10.0 Bn in terms of revenues. European market will possibly attract the revenues worth US$ 3.68 Bn by 2024 end, contributing over 22% share of the market size. The third key region i.e. APAC is estimated to reach over US$ 1.27 Bn in 2024. Request to View Tables of Content @ www.persistencemarketresearch.com/market-research/allergi… About Us Persistence Market Research (PMR) is a U.S.-based full-service market intelligence firm specializing in syndicated re-search, custom research, and consulting services. PMR boasts market research expertise across the Healthcare, Chemicals and Materials, Technology and Media, Energy and Mining, Food and Beverages, Semiconductor and Electronics, Con-sumer Goods, and Shipping and Transportation industries. The company draws from its multi-disciplinary capabilities and high-pedigree team of analysts to share data that precisely corresponds to clients’ business needs. PMR stands committed to bringing more accuracy and speed to clients’ business decisions. From ready-to-purchase market research reports to customized research solutions, PMR’s en-gagement models are highly flexible without compromising on its deep-seated research values. Contact Persistence Market Research Pvt. Ltd 305 Broadway 7th Floor, New York City, NY 10007, United States, USA – Canada Toll Free: 800-961-0353 Email: sales@persistencemarketresearch.com media@persistencemarketresearch.com Web:www.persistencemarketresearch.com CategoriesUncategorized TagsAllergic Rhinitis, AR, AR Market, AR Treatment Market, Google News, Healthcare, Healthcare Market, Life Sciences, Market Growth, Market Shares, Market size, Market Trends, satellite, satPRnews, Transformational Health Post navigation Previous PostPrevious South America Insurance Brokerage Market Overview Market Benefits, Forthcoming Developments, Business Opportunities & Future Investments 2022 Next PostNext Apheresis Equipment Market Analysis By Regions, Revenue, Import/ Export, Cost, Price, Production & Size 2022 Search Recent Posts Chromium Silicon Market Productions Supply Sales Demand Market Status and Forecast Research Report 2017 Chromium Silicon Market Productions Supply Sales Demand Market Status and Forecast Research Report 2017 Berkshire Hathaway HomeServices Select Realty Honors Associates Divi Resorts Offers Up to 50% Off Caribbean Travel for Limited-Time Easter Promotion Led2Serve Launches Service Learning Journeys in Washington DC Business Directory Business Contacts Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 4 April 2017 by satprnews satprnews Allergic Rhinitis Treatment Market Value to Increase to US$ 16.038 Billion 2024 “Technological advancements in the medical world and rising prevalence of foodborne diseases will primarily build the market for allergic rhinitis treatment globally. Secondarily, strategic partnerships and synergies between big brands, soaring usage of second-generation multiplex immunoassay, and augmenting R&D activities in life sciences and molecular diagnostics will support the market surge within the next few years. Over 2016-2020, the global AR treatment market will reach US$ 14 Bn, which will further take a leap to US$ 16.038 Bn by the end of 2024. Over 2016-2024, the market is likely to see impressive growth at a healthy CAGR of 7.5%.” – Market Research Expert, Life Sciences & Transformational Health, Persistence Market Research.  According to Persistence Market Research’s recent report titled “Global Allergic Rhinitis Treatment Market: Industry Analysis and Forecast, 2016–2024,” key market competitors have embraced different strategic moves in order to strengthen their positions in the global allergic rhinitis treatment marketplace. These activities, according to Persistence Market Research, will boost the overall status of the market in near future. Merck & Co. and Johnson & Johnson are concentrating on new product development, such as nasal sprays. Boehringer Ingelheim will continue to contribute a major share to the market through an increased focus on R&D and a strong distribution network. Sanofi S.A. is also focusing more on increasing R&D investments directed to expanded sales. In addition to growing R&D efforts, AstraZeneca is also emphasizing on innovation of technologically advanced products and acquisition of selective regional players. GlaxoSmithKline PLC and Alcon (Novartis AG) are prioritising cost-effective product development for long-term profits; Alcon specifically aims to tap into emerging markets. Acquisition of players from the same segment and different region will be a key strategy of Teva Pharmaceutical Industries Ltd., which targets production capacity expansion. By disease type, perennial AR segment will remain dominant with around 47% market value share in 2024, gaining around 123 BPS throughout the forecast period. On the other hand, despite losing over 30 BPS over 2016-2024, occupational AR will continue to be the second largest segment with over 35% revenue share at the end of the assessment period. While the revenues of the former are expected to surpass US$ 7.0 Bn, the latter will possibly exceed a value of US$ 5.0 Bn by the end of 2024. By treatment type, immunotherapy treatment segment is expected to be the fastest growing segment over the forecast owing to introduction of new immunotherapy based products, followed by antihistamines segment. However, antihistamines will continue to be the leading treatment type segment with over 50% share in 2024, followed by corticosteroids with over 31% share. Based on route of administration, oral route of administration segment will cover nearly half of the market in terms of value, whereas nasal route of administration segment is anticipated to capture around 38% share of the total market value in 2024. Intravenous segment is foreseen to witness a higher CAGR compared to others, which can uplift the sales revenues of this segment to cross US$ 1.25 Bn in 2024. On the basis of distribution channel, retail pharmacies will account for higher revenues than hospital pharmacies throughout the assessed period. Retail pharmacy revenues are likely to surpass US$ 7.0 Bn, growing at the fastest CAGR of 3.9% over 2016-2024. Whereas, hospital pharmacies will reach over US$ 5.0 Bn, accounting for around 31% share of the market value in 2024. A Sample of this Report is Available Upon Request @ www.persistencemarketresearch.com/samples/12154 As per the geographical assessment of the global allergic rhinitis treatment market, North America will continue to capture the maximum revenue share over the 10-year tenure. With over 63% value share by 2024-end, this region is likely to surpass US$ 10.0 Bn in terms of revenues. European market will possibly attract the revenues worth US$ 3.68 Bn by 2024 end, contributing over 22% share of the market size. The third key region i.e. APAC is estimated to reach over US$ 1.27 Bn in 2024. Request to View Tables of Content @ www.persistencemarketresearch.com/market-research/allergi… About Us Persistence Market Research (PMR) is a U.S.-based full-service market intelligence firm specializing in syndicated re-search, custom research, and consulting services. PMR boasts market research expertise across the Healthcare, Chemicals and Materials, Technology and Media, Energy and Mining, Food and Beverages, Semiconductor and Electronics, Con-sumer Goods, and Shipping and Transportation industries. The company draws from its multi-disciplinary capabilities and high-pedigree team of analysts to share data that precisely corresponds to clients’ business needs. PMR stands committed to bringing more accuracy and speed to clients’ business decisions. From ready-to-purchase market research reports to customized research solutions, PMR’s en-gagement models are highly flexible without compromising on its deep-seated research values. Contact Persistence Market Research Pvt. Ltd 305 Broadway 7th Floor, New York City, NY 10007, United States, USA – Canada Toll Free: 800-961-0353 Email: sales@persistencemarketresearch.com media@persistencemarketresearch.com Web:www.persistencemarketresearch.com CategoriesUncategorized TagsAllergic Rhinitis, Allergic Rhinitis Treatment, Allergic Rhinitis Treatment Market, AR, Google News, Healthcare, Healthcare Market, Life Sciences, Market Growth, Market Shares, Market size, Market Trends, satellite, satPRnews, Transformational Health Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Perfluoropolyether Market Report Presents An All-Inclusive Study, Growth Factors, Opportunities, And Future Potential 2022 Next PostNext Project Portfolio Earthmoving Equipment 2017 Global Market Expected to Grow at CAGR 12.16% and Forecast to 2019 Search Recent Posts Four Oaks Fincorp, Inc. (FOFND: OTCQX U.S. Premier) | Symbol Change Agenix Ltd. (AGXLY: Grey Market) | Deleted Symbol Ezra Holdings, Ltd. (EZRHF: Grey Market) | Symbol Change Cabinet Grow Inc. (CBNTD: OTC Pink Current) | Symbol Change Kenmare Resources Ltd. (KMRPF: Grey Market) | Deleted Symbol Business Directory Business Contacts Proudly powered by WordPress
News Americas UK World Europe Business Voices Comment Robert Fisk Mark Steel Grace Dent Holly Baxter Campaigns Editorials Letters Sports US sports Soccer Tennis Boxing Formula 1 WWE Culture Film TV Music Books Indy/Life Fashion Food + drink Travel Health + families Love + sex Tech Gaming Tech culture Tech news Daily Edition Subscribe for a free trial Read Now UK Edition US Edition Sign in Register Subscriptions News Election 2016 World US UK Europe People Science Health Business Voices Comment Robert Fisk Mark Steel Grace Dent Holly Baxter Campaigns Editorials Letters Sports Formula 1 US sports Soccer Cricket Tennis Boxing Formula 1 Culture Books Film TV Music Art Theatre & Dance Comedy Lifestyle Food & drink Health & families Love & sex Motoring Student Travel Fashion Tech Gaming Tech culture Tech news Video Explainer videos News videos People & culture videos Sport videos IndyBest Fashion & Beauty Homes & Design Food & Drink Gadgets & Tech Outdoor & Activity Arts & Books Travel Money Health insurance Investments Extras The Independent Books Puzzles indy100 Apps Ebooks iJobs Dating Follow us: News Business Business News Male contraceptive blocked by drug companies who make billions from the female pill The ‘male pill’, made by an Indian startup, would ease the burden on the 225 million women in developing countries, who the World Health Organisation says have an unmet need for contraception Ari Altstedter Tuesday 4 April 2017 07:30 BST Click to follow The Independent Online Biomedical engineer Sujoy Guha, inventor of the ‘reversible inhibition of sperm under guidance’ treatment, in his Indian Institute of Technology lab photography by Sumit Dayal/Bloomberg Doctors are on the cusp of launching the first new male contraceptive in more than a century. But rather than a Big Pharma lab, the breakthrough is emerging from a university startup in the heart of rural India. Years of human trials on the injectable, sperm-zapping product are coming to an end, and researchers are preparing to submit it for regulatory approval. Results so far show it’s safe, effective and easy to use – but gaining little traction with drugmakers. That’s frustrating for its inventor, who says his technique could play a crucial role in condom-averse populations. A new birth control method for men has the potential to win as much as half the $10bn (£8bn) market for female contraceptives worldwide and cut into the $3.2bn of annual condom sales, businesses dominated by pharmaceutical giants Bayer, Pfizer and Merck, according to estimates from the last major drug company to explore the area. India’s reversible procedure could cost as little as $10 in poor countries, and may provide males with years-long fertility control, overcoming compliance problems and avoiding ongoing costs associated with condoms and the female birth-control pill, which is usually taken daily. Male contraception ‘switch’ can turn sperm on and off Read more Male contraceptive jab works as well as the pill It could also ease the burden on the 225 million women in developing countries, who the World Health Organisation says have an unmet need for contraception. Yet, so far only a US non-profit has taken up development of the technology abroad. For Sujoy Guha, the 76-year-old biomedical engineer who invented the product, the challenge is to now find a company who wants to sell it – even though male contraception is an area Big Pharma has so far shown little interest in. “The fact that the big companies are run by white, middle-aged males who have the same feeling – that they would never do it – plays a major role,” said Herjan Coelingh Bennink, a gynecology professor who helped develop the contraceptives Implanon and Cerazette as head of research and development in women’s health for Organon International from 1987 to 2000. “If those companies were run by women, it would be totally different.” Guha’s technique for impairing male fertility relies on a polymer gel that’s injected into the sperm-carrying tubes in the scrotum. The gel, which has the consistency of melted chocolate, carries a positive charge that acts as a buffer on negatively charged sperm, damaging their heads and tails, and rendering them infertile. Research assistants work at the Risug laboratory at the Indian Institute of Technology in Kharagpur (Sumit Dayal/Bloomberg) The treatment, known as reversible inhibition of sperm under guidance, or Risug, is reversed with a second shot that breaks down the gel, allowing sperm to reach the penis normally. The expected launch of Risug over the next two years will contribute to the Indian contraceptive market’s 17 per cent growth through 2021, according to a report last year from Pharmaion Consultants, based near New Delhi. The procedure is 98 per cent effective at preventing pregnancy – about the same as condoms if they are used every time – and has no major side effects, according to RS Sharma, head of reproductive biology and maternal health at the Indian Council of Medical Research. About 540 men have received it in India, where it continues to prevent pregnancies in their partners 13 years after treatment, he said. Read more Male contraceptive pill could become reality The Male Pill – an excuse for men to remain bachelors for longer Carl Djerassi: 'We know exactly how to develop the male pill, but A submission to regulators this year will seek approval for Risug as a permanent method of birth control. That will be appended with clinical data supporting reversibility, Sharma said. India has more married women with an unmet need for family planning than any other country, and social stigma and a lack of privacy in stores has kept condom use to less than 6 per cent. Globally, men tend to take a back seat in matters of contraception. Almost 60 per cent of women in spousal relationships used the contraceptive pill or some other form of modern contraception worldwide in 2015, according to a United Nations report. In contrast, 8 per cent relied on their male partner using a condom. A new option for male birth control could garner as much as half the female contraceptives market, according to research by Organon in the 1990s, when the Dutch drugmaker partnered with Germany’s Schering on the last major effort to develop a male birth control pill. Demand would come from couples in long-term relationships looking to share family-planning responsibilities and single men looking for an alternative to condoms to prevent an unintended pregnancy from casual sex, Coelingh Bennink said. The rusted sign on the Kharagpur campus hints that this is no Big Pharma operation (Sumit Dayal/Bloomberg) Still, there were questions at Organon about whether it would be worthwhile financially to develop a new entrant in the low-margin contraceptives market, and the project was eventually shelved, he said. Efforts on a hormone-based male contraceptive continued in 2008 in a study co-funded by the Bill & Melinda Gates Foundation and UN agencies that was published in October. While the injected regimen’s efficacy was “relatively good” compared to other methods, the study was terminated early after a safety review. The authors noted a “relatively high” frequency of mild to moderate mood disorders, sparking a media uproar over perceived double standards in the development of contraceptives because the side effects seemed similar to those women experience on the pill. Health news in pictures 19 show all Health news in pictures 1/19 Vaping backed as healthier nicotine alternative to cigarettes after latest study Vaping has been given an emphatic thumbs up by health experts after the first long-term study of its effects in ex-smokers. After six months, people who switched from real to e-cigarettes had far fewer toxins and cancer-causing substances in their bodies than continual smokers, scientists found Getty Images 2/19 Common method of cooking rice can leave traces of arsenic in food, scientists warn Millions of people are putting themselves at risk by cooking their rice incorrectly, scientists have warned. Recent experiments show a common method of cooking rice — simply boiling it in a pan until the water has steamed out — can expose those who eat it to traces of the poison arsenic, which contaminates rice while it is growing as a result of industrial toxins and pesticides Getty Images/iStockphoto 3/19 Contraceptive gel that creates ‘reversible vasectomy’ shown to be effective in monkeys An injectable contraceptive gel that acts as a ‘reversible vasectomy’ is a step closer to being offered to men following successful trials on monkeys. Vasalgel is injected into the vas deferens, the small duct between the testicles and the urethra. It has so far been found to prevent 100 per cent of conceptions Vasalgel 4/19 Shift work and heavy lifting may reduce women’s fertility, study finds Women who work at night or do irregular shifts may experience a decline in fertility, a new study has found. Shift and night workers had fewer eggs capable of developing into healthy embryos than those who work regular daytime hours, according to researchers at Harvard University Getty Images/iStockphoto 5/19 Breakfast cereals targeted at children contain 'steadily high' sugar levels since 1992 despite producer claims A major pressure group has issued a fresh warning about perilously high amounts of sugar in breakfast cereals, specifically those designed for children, and has said that levels have barely been cut at all in the last two and a half decades Getty Images 6/19 Fight against pancreatic cancer takes ‘monumental leap forward’ Scientists have made a “monumental leap forward” in the treatment of pancreatic cancer after discovering using two drugs together dramatically improved patients’ chances of living more than five years after diagnosis. Getty Images/iStockphoto 7/19 Japanese government tells people to stop overworking The Japanese government has announced measures to limit the amount of overtime employees can do – in an attempt to stop people literally working themselves to death. A fifth of Japan’s workforce are at risk of death by overwork, known as karoshi, as they work more than 80 hours of overtime each month, according to a government survey. Getty Images 8/19 Over-cooked potatoes and burnt toast ‘could cause cancer’ The Food Standards Agency (FSA) has issued a public warning over the risks of acrylamide - a chemical compound that forms in some foods when they are cooked at high temperatures (above 120C). Getty Images/iStockphoto 9/19 Cervical cancer screening attendance hits 19 year low Cervical screening tests are a vital method of preventing cancer through the detection and treatment of abnormalities in the cervix, but new research shows that the number of women using this service has dropped to a 19 year low. Getty Images/iStockphoto 10/19 High blood pressure may protect over 80s from dementia The ConversationIt is well known that high blood pressure is a risk factor for dementia, so the results of a new study from the University of California, Irvine, are quite surprising. The researchers found that people who developed high blood pressure between the ages of 80-89 are less likely to develop Alzheimer’s disease (the most common form of dementia) over the next three years than people of the same age with normal blood pressure. Getty Images/iStockphoto 11/19 Most child antidepressants are ineffective and can lead to suicidal thoughts The majority of antidepressants are ineffective and may be unsafe, for children and teenager with major depression, experts have warned. In what is the most comprehensive comparison of 14 commonly prescribed antidepressant drugs to date, researchers found that only one brand was more effective at relieving symptoms of depression than a placebo. Another popular drug, venlafaxine, was shown increase the risk users engaging in suicidal thoughts and attempts at suicide Getty 12/19 'Universal cancer vaccine’ breakthrough claimed by experts Scientists have taken a “very positive step” towards creating a universal vaccine against cancer that makes the body’s immune system attack tumours as if they were a virus, experts have said. Writing in Nature, an international team of researchers described how they had taken pieces of cancer’s genetic RNA code, put them into tiny nanoparticles of fat and then injected the mixture into the bloodstreams of three patients in the advanced stages of the disease. The patients' immune systems responded by producing "killer" T-cells designed to attack cancer. The vaccine was also found to be effective in fighting “aggressively growing” tumours in mice, according to researchers, who were led by Professor Ugur Sahin from Johannes Gutenberg University in Germany Rex 13/19 Green tea could be used to treat brain issues caused by Down’s Syndrome A compound found in green tea could improve the cognitive abilities of those with Down’s syndrome, a team of scientists has discovered. Researchers found epigallocatechin gallate – which is especially present in green tea but can also be found in white and black teas – combined with cognitive stimulation, improved visual memory and led to more adaptive behaviour. Dr Rafael de la Torre, who led the year-long clinical trial along with Dr Mara Dierrssen, said: “The results suggest that individuals who received treatment with the green tea compound, together with the cognitive stimulation protocol, had better scores in their cognitive capacities” 14/19 Taking antidepressants in pregnancy ‘could double the risk of autism in toddlers’ Taking antidepressants during pregnancy could almost double the risk of a child being diagnosed with autism in the first years of life, a major study of nearly 150,000 pregnancies has suggested. Researchers have found a link between women in the later stages of pregnancy who were prescribed one of the most common types of antidepressant drugs, and autism diagnosed in children under seven years of age 15/19 Warning over Calpol Parents have been warned that giving children paracetamol-based medicines such as Calpol and Disprol too often could lead to serious health issues later in life. Leading paediatrician and professor of general paediatrics at University College London, Alastair Sutcliffe, said parents were overusing paracetamol to treat mild fevers. As a result, the risk of developing asthma, as well as kidney, heart and liver damage is heightened 16/19 Connections between brain cells destroyed in early stages of Alzheimer’s disease Scientists have pinpointed how connections in the brain are destroyed in the early stages of Alzheimer’s disease, in a study which it is hoped will help in the development of treatments for the debilitating condition. At the early stages of the development of Alzheimer’s disease the synapses – which connect the neurons in the brain – are destroyed, according to researchers at the University of New South Wales, Australia. The synapses are vital for brain function, particularly learning and forming memories 17/19 A prosthetic hand that lets people actually feel through The technology lets paralysed people feel actual sensations when touching objects — including light taps on the mechanical finger — and could be a huge breakthrough for prosthetics, according to its makers. The tool was used to let a 28-year-old man who has been paralysed for more than a decade. While prosthetics have previously been able to be controlled directly from the brain, it is the first time that signals have been successfully sent the other way 18/19 Aspirin could help boost therapies that fight cancer The latest therapies that fight cancer could work better when combined with aspirin, research has suggested. Scientists from the Francis Crick Institute in London say the anti-inflammatory pain killer suppresses a cancer molecule that allows tumours to evade the body’s immune defences. Laboratory tests have shown that skin, breast and bowel cancer cells often generate large amounts of this molecule, called prostaglandin E2 (PGE2). But Aspirin is one of a family of drugs that sends messages to the brain to block production of PGE2 and this means cancer cells can be attacked by the body’s natural defences 19/19 Potatoes reduce risk of stomach cancer Scientists have found people who eat large amounts of white vegetables were a third less likely to contract stomach cancer. The study, undertaken by Chinese scientists at Zhejiang University, found eating cauliflower, potatoes and onions reduces the chance of contracting stomach cancer but that beer, spirits, salt and preserved foods increased a person’s risk of the cancer Bayer, which bought Schering in 2006, stopped all research and development activities around male fertility control about a decade ago, said Astrid Kranz, a spokeswoman for the German company. Although an earlier clinical trial involving the administration of hormones via injection and an implant was “efficient, with a tolerable side effect profile”, Kranz said, the Leverkusen-based drugmaker wasn’t convinced this “inconvenient” regimen would find sufficient market acceptance. Male contraception isn’t an area of active research for Pfizer and Merck either, representatives said. Both companies sell products for female fertility control. Side effects aside, it would take about $100m and 10 years to bring a hormone-based male birth control pill to market – a low-priority undertaking for pharmaceutical executives, Coelingh Bennink said. That’s now the dilemma Indian inventor Guha faces. “In doing anything abroad, quite substantial money is required, and that can only come from the pharmaceutical industry,” Guha said, surrounded by dusty stacks of paper, books and prototype inventions that bury every surface in his office at the Indian Institute of Technology in Kharagpur, about 130 kilometers (80 miles) west of Kolkata. In the face of disinterest from the pharmaceutical industry, Guha licensed the technology to the Parsemus Foundation, a US-based non-profit, to help establish a market for it outside India, he said. Parsemus is working on its own version, called Vasalgel, that it plans to manufacture and distribute at near cost – or potentially $10 to $20 per person in low- and middle-income countries – and $400 to $600 per person in wealthier markets, Elaine Lissner, the foundation’s founder, said in an email. The foundation, based in Berkeley, California, is seeking donations to fund costly human trials starting next year after a study in 16 rhesus monkeys published last month showed Vasalgel was successful in preventing conception while the primates fraternised with females for 5 to 24 months. Guha meantime has registered a startup in India called IcubedG Ideas Pvt. Ltd, through which he is pushing ahead with introducing the technology in his home country. He leased space in a New Delhi industrial zone in January after developing a method of mass production using a government grant. Three couples who participated in the clinical trials gathered in his Kharagpur office in February to attest to the need. Kinkar Ari, a 39-year-old day labourer from a nearby village, said that when he and his wife Aloka decided they didn’t want more children they had a choice between tubal ligation for her or vasectomy for him, but neither could afford the time off to recuperate from the surgery. When a public health worker told the couple about Guha’s promising alternative, Ari decided to enrol in the study. The injection took 15 minutes with some local anesthesia, and after half an hour of observation at the clinic, he said he was able to walk the 2.5 kilometres home. Two days later, he was back at work. Ari was so enthused by the procedure, he convinced two other couples to have it done, he said. Stories like that encourage Guha to persist with the project, he said, even though patents on his invention have long since expired and he won’t see any personal financial gain even if it takes off worldwide. “Why should the burden be borne by the female only?” he said in his office after the three couples had left. “There has to be an equal partnership.” – With assistance from Jared S Hopkins and Johannes Koch. Bloomberg More about: male contraceptive jab male contraceptive pill The Pill contraception Reuse content Comments Most Popular Video Sponsored Features Follow us: User Policies Privacy Policy Cookie Policy Code of Conduct Complaint Form Contact Us Contributors All Topics Archive Newsletters Jobs Subscriptions Advertising Guide Syndication Evening Standard Novaya Gazeta Install our Apps We use cookies to enhance your visit to our site and to bring you advertisements that might interest you. Read our Privacy and Cookie Policies to find out more. Close We've noticed that you are using an ad blocker. Advertising helps fund our journalism and keep it truly independent. It helps to build our international editorial team, from war correspondents to investigative reporters, commentators to critics. Click here to view instructions on how to disable your ad blocker, and help us to keep providing you with free-thinking journalism - for free. Thank you for your support. How to disable your ad blocker for independent.co.uk Adblock / Adblock Plus Click the Adblock/Adblock Plus icon, which is to the right of your address bar. On Adblock click "Don't run on pages on this domain". On Adblock Plus click "Enabled on this site" to disable ad blocking for the current website you are on. If you are in Firefox click "disable on independent.co.uk". Firefox Tracking Protection If you are Private Browsing in Firefox, "Tracking Protection" may cause the adblock notice to show. It can be temporarily disabled by clicking the "shield" icon in the address bar. Ghostery Click the Ghostery icon. In versions before 6.0 click "whitelist site". In version 6.0 click "trust site" or add independent.co.uk to your Trusted Site list. In versions before 6.0 you will see the message "Site is whitelisted". Click "reload the page to see your changes". uBlock Click the uBlock icon. Then click the big power button to whitelist the current web site, and its state will be remembered next time you visit the web site. Then reload the page. Close Thank you for supporting independent.co.uk Continue to our site
About Us Contact Us Help user name password Client login:    First time user sign up Forgot your login info? Website Directory     Submit Website Search All categoriesAdvertising  GeneralAerospace  GeneralAgriculture  GeneralAirlines  GeneralAmerica - Post 9/11  GeneralApparel  GeneralApple Products  GeneralArchitectural  GeneralArchitecture  ArchitectureArt & Entertainments  Books  Celebrities  Country Music  Dance  Magazines  Movies  Museums  Music  Music Downloads  News & Talk Shows  Performing Arts  Photography  Television  Web SitesArts/Culture  GeneralAuction  GeneralAutomotive  Aftermarket  Classic Autos  Consumer Publications  General  Motorcycle & Bike  Racing  Recreational Vehicle  Repair & Service  Trade PublicationsBlogging & Social Media  Blogging & Social MediaBusiness  Advertising / Marketing  Books  Consumer Research  Direct Marketing  e-Commerce  Entrepreneurs  Finance  Franchise  Human Resources  Insurance  Investment  Management  Markets  Network Marketing  Online Marketing / SEO  Payday Loans  Public Relations  Publications  Real Estate  Retail  Stocks  Supermarkets  Women in BusinessCareers/HR  GeneralChemical  GeneralCoaching / Mentoring  Coaching / MentoringComputers  Apple Products  Databases  Games & Entertainment  General  Hosting  Instruction  Linux / GNU "Open Source"  Macintosh  Microsoft Windows PC  Operating Systems  Programming  Security  Software  Tablet PCs  UtilitiesConstruction  GeneralConsumer  Gifts and Collectibles  Hobbies  Web sites / InternetDesign  Graphic Design  Industrial  WebE-Cigarette  GeneraleCommerce  GeneralEconomy  GeneralEducation  College / University  General  Home Schooling  K-12  Post Graduate  TechnicalElectronics  GeneralEmail Marketing  GeneralEmailWire Press Releases  Press Release TipsEmployment/Careers  GeneralEngineering  GeneralEntertainment  GeneralEnvironment  GeneralEvents / Trade Shows  GeneralFinance  GeneralFood  GeneralFranchise  GeneralFraud / Identity Theft  GeneralGaming  GeneralGovernment  General  Judicial  Law Enforcement  Legislative  Local  National  Public Services  Security  State  TransportationHealthcare  GeneralHome and Family  Banking / Personal Finance  Bereavement / Loss  Home Furnishings / Interiors  Landscaping & Gardening  Marriage / Relationships  Money  Parenting  Payday Loans  Pets  Taxes  Wedding / BridalHome Schooling  GeneralHotels/Resorts  GeneralHousehold  GeneralIndustry  Aerospace / Defense  Agriculture  Apparel / Textiles  Broadcast  Construction / Building  Electrical  Food  Funeral  Healthcare  Leisure / Hospitality  Logistics / Shipping  Manufacturing / Production  Mining / Metals  Oil / Energy  Paper / Forest Products  Plumbing, Heating & AC  Print Media  Printing  Publishing  Radio  Restaurants  Tobacco  ToyInsurance  GeneralInternet/Online  GeneralLegal  GeneralLeisure  GeneralLifestyle  Beauty  Dating / Singles  Diet / Weight Loss  Fashion  Food / Beverage  Health & Fitness  Hotel / Resorts  Pastimes  Restaurants  Retirement  Travel & TourismMachinery  GeneralMaritime  GeneralMedical  Addiction  Allergies  Alternative Medicine  Asthma  Cancer  Cardiology  Chiropractic  Dental  Dermatology  Diabetes  Emergency  Family Medicine  General  General  Geriatrics  Hospitals  Infectious Diseases  Internal Medicine  Managed Care / HMO  Medical Products  Mental Health  Neurology  Nursing  Nutrition  OB / GYN  Pediatrics  Pharmaceuticals  Physical Therapy  Plastic Surgery  Psychology  Radiology / Imaging  Research  Sports Medicine  Surgery  VisionMilitary  GeneralMining/Metals  GeneralMiscellaneous  GeneralNanotechnology  NanotechnologyNon-profit  GeneralOccupational Safety  Occupational SafetyOil/Energy  GeneralOpinion / Editorial  Opinion / EditorialPaper Products  GeneralPaper/Forest  GeneralPharmaceuticals  GeneralPodcasting  Announce  Tools and ServicesPolitics  PoliticsPrint Media  GeneralPublic Utilities  Public UtilitiesPublishing  GeneralRadio  GeneralReal Estate  GeneralReligion  Christian  General  Islam  Jewish  OtherRestaurants  GeneralRetail  GeneralRSS & Content Syndication  RSS & Content SyndicationScience and Research  Science and ResearchSelf-Help / Personal Growth  Self-Help / Personal GrowthShipbuilding  GeneralSociety  African American Interests  Asian Interests  Childrens Issues  Disabled Issues / Disabilities  Gay / Lesbian  Hispanic  Mens Interests  Native American  Senior Citizens  Social Services  Teen Issues/Interests  Womens InterestSoftware  GeneralSports  Baseball  Basketball  Bicycling  Boating / Maritime  Bowling  Boxing  Fishing  Football  Golf  Hockey  Hunting  Martial Arts  Outdoors  Rugby  Soccer  Tennis  Water  Winter/SnowSports/Fitness  GeneralStocks  GeneralSupermarkets  GeneralTechnology  Biotechnology  Computer  Electronics  Enterprise Software  Games  Graphics/Printing/CAD  Hardware / Peripherals  Industrial  Information  Internet  Multimedia  Networking  Public Sector/Government  Robotics  Semiconductor  Software  Telecommunications  WebmastersTelecom  General  WirelessTelevision  GeneralTobacco  GeneralTrade  GeneralTransportation  GeneralTravel  GeneralUtilities  GeneralVolunteer  VolunteerWeather  Weather Home > News By Company > MarketsandMarkets Tweet   Burning Issues - Abundant Opportunities in the Human Microbiome Field and Tremendous Research Investments The human microbiome market is expected to reach USD 899.1 Million by 2025 from USD 506.5 Million in 2022 growing at a CAGR of 21.1% during the forecast period (20222025).   (EMAILWIRE.COM, April 04, 2017 ) Browse 91 market data tables and 30 figures spread through 148 pages and in-depth TOC on "Human Microbiome Market" http://www.marketsandmarkets.com/Market-Reports/human-microbiome-market-37621904.html Early buyers will receive 10% customization on this report. Major Market Players: The key players in the market are Enterome Bioscience (France), Yakult Honsha Co., Ltd. (Japan), E. I. Du Pont de Nemours and Company (U.S.), Metabiomics Corporation (U.S.), ViThera Pharmaceuticals (U.S.), Second Genome, Inc. (U.S.), microbiome Therapeutics LLC (U.S.), Vedanta BioSciences, Inc. (U.S.), Osel, Inc. (U.S.), and Merck & Co, Inc. (U.S.) Download the PDF Brochure@ http://www.marketsandmarkets.com/pdfdownload.asp?id=37621904 Geographical Analysis: Europe is expected to account for the largest share of the http://www.marketsandmarkets.com/requestsample.asp?id=37621904 Market Dynamics: The human microbiome market is an emerging market with abundant opportunities. The market is expected to flourish within five to seven years owing to a number of products currently in the clinical trial phase. The market potential is quite large, considering the structure of the market. The factors driving this market include rising aging population, increasing incidence of lifestyle diseases, gradual demand for efficient and safe medication with no side effects, and treatment of diseases having a limited success rate. The factors restraining this market include lack of comprehensive research to assist in market pull, lack of awareness among the population regarding the efficient usage and effect of prebiotics and probiotics, and impending government regulations on probiotics and prebiotics. About MarketsandMarkets: MarketsandMarkets provides quantified B2B research on 30,000 high growth niche opportunities/threats which will impact 70% to 80% of worldwide companies revenues. Currently servicing 5000 customers worldwide including 80% of global Fortune 1000 companies as clients. Almost 75,000 top officers across eight industries worldwide approach MarketsandMarkets for their painpoints around revenues decisions. Our 850 fulltime analyst and SMEs at MarketsandMarkets are tracking global high growth markets following the "Growth Engagement Model  GEM". The GEM aims at proactive collaboration with the clients to identify new opportunities, identify most important customers, write "Attack, avoid and defend" strategies, identify sources of incremental revenues for both the company and its competitors. MarketsandMarkets now coming up with 1,500 MicroQuadrants (Positioning top players across leaders, emerging companies, innovators, strategic players) annually in high growth emerging segments. MarketsandMarkets is determined to benefit more than 10,000 companies this year for their revenue planning and help them take their innovations/disruptions early to the market by providing them research ahead of the curve. MarketsandMarketss flagship competitive intelligence and market research platform, "RT" connects over 200,000 markets and entire value chains for deeper understanding of the unmet insights along with market sizing and forecasts of niche markets. For more information, please visit www.marketsandmarkets.com Contact: Mr. Rohan MarketsandMarkets 701 Pike Street Suite 2175, Seattle, WA 98101, United States Telephone No: 1-888-600-6441. Contact Information: MarketsandMarkets Mr. Rohan Tel: 1-888-600-6441 Email us This is a press release. Press release distribution and press release services by EmailWire.Com: http://www.emailwire.com/us-press-release-distribution.php. 
   Search All categoriesAdvertising  GeneralAerospace  GeneralAgriculture  GeneralAirlines  GeneralAmerica - Post 9/11  GeneralApparel  GeneralApple Products  GeneralArchitectural  GeneralArchitecture  ArchitectureArt & Entertainments  Books  Celebrities  Country Music  Dance  Magazines  Movies  Museums  Music  Music Downloads  News & Talk Shows  Performing Arts  Photography  Television  Web SitesArts/Culture  GeneralAuction  GeneralAutomotive  Aftermarket  Classic Autos  Consumer Publications  General  Motorcycle & Bike  Racing  Recreational Vehicle  Repair & Service  Trade PublicationsBlogging & Social Media  Blogging & Social MediaBusiness  Advertising / Marketing  Books  Consumer Research  Direct Marketing  e-Commerce  Entrepreneurs  Finance  Franchise  Human Resources  Insurance  Investment  Management  Markets  Network Marketing  Online Marketing / SEO  Payday Loans  Public Relations  Publications  Real Estate  Retail  Stocks  Supermarkets  Women in BusinessCareers/HR  GeneralChemical  GeneralCoaching / Mentoring  Coaching / MentoringComputers  Apple Products  Databases  Games & Entertainment  General  Hosting  Instruction  Linux / GNU "Open Source"  Macintosh  Microsoft Windows PC  Operating Systems  Programming  Security  Software  Tablet PCs  UtilitiesConstruction  GeneralConsumer  Gifts and Collectibles  Hobbies  Web sites / InternetDesign  Graphic Design  Industrial  WebE-Cigarette  GeneraleCommerce  GeneralEconomy  GeneralEducation  College / University  General  Home Schooling  K-12  Post Graduate  TechnicalElectronics  GeneralEmail Marketing  GeneralEmailWire Press Releases  Press Release TipsEmployment/Careers  GeneralEngineering  GeneralEntertainment  GeneralEnvironment  GeneralEvents / Trade Shows  GeneralFinance  GeneralFood  GeneralFranchise  GeneralFraud / Identity Theft  GeneralGaming  GeneralGovernment  General  Judicial  Law Enforcement  Legislative  Local  National  Public Services  Security  State  TransportationHealthcare  GeneralHome and Family  Banking / Personal Finance  Bereavement / Loss  Home Furnishings / Interiors  Landscaping & Gardening  Marriage / Relationships  Money  Parenting  Payday Loans  Pets  Taxes  Wedding / BridalHome Schooling  GeneralHotels/Resorts  GeneralHousehold  GeneralIndustry  Aerospace / Defense  Agriculture  Apparel / Textiles  Broadcast  Construction / Building  Electrical  Food  Funeral  Healthcare  Leisure / Hospitality  Logistics / Shipping  Manufacturing / Production  Mining / Metals  Oil / Energy  Paper / Forest Products  Plumbing, Heating & AC  Print Media  Printing  Publishing  Radio  Restaurants  Tobacco  ToyInsurance  GeneralInternet/Online  GeneralLegal  GeneralLeisure  GeneralLifestyle  Beauty  Dating / Singles  Diet / Weight Loss  Fashion  Food / Beverage  Health & Fitness  Hotel / Resorts  Pastimes  Restaurants  Retirement  Travel & TourismMachinery  GeneralMaritime  GeneralMedical  Addiction  Allergies  Alternative Medicine  Asthma  Cancer  Cardiology  Chiropractic  Dental  Dermatology  Diabetes  Emergency  Family Medicine  General  General  Geriatrics  Hospitals  Infectious Diseases  Internal Medicine  Managed Care / HMO  Medical Products  Mental Health  Neurology  Nursing  Nutrition  OB / GYN  Pediatrics  Pharmaceuticals  Physical Therapy  Plastic Surgery  Psychology  Radiology / Imaging  Research  Sports Medicine  Surgery  VisionMilitary  GeneralMining/Metals  GeneralMiscellaneous  GeneralNanotechnology  NanotechnologyNon-profit  GeneralOccupational Safety  Occupational SafetyOil/Energy  GeneralOpinion / Editorial  Opinion / EditorialPaper Products  GeneralPaper/Forest  GeneralPharmaceuticals  GeneralPodcasting  Announce  Tools and ServicesPolitics  PoliticsPrint Media  GeneralPublic Utilities  Public UtilitiesPublishing  GeneralRadio  GeneralReal Estate  GeneralReligion  Christian  General  Islam  Jewish  OtherRestaurants  GeneralRetail  GeneralRSS & Content Syndication  RSS & Content SyndicationScience and Research  Science and ResearchSelf-Help / Personal Growth  Self-Help / Personal GrowthShipbuilding  GeneralSociety  African American Interests  Asian Interests  Childrens Issues  Disabled Issues / Disabilities  Gay / Lesbian  Hispanic  Mens Interests  Native American  Senior Citizens  Social Services  Teen Issues/Interests  Womens InterestSoftware  GeneralSports  Baseball  Basketball  Bicycling  Boating / Maritime  Bowling  Boxing  Fishing  Football  Golf  Hockey  Hunting  Martial Arts  Outdoors  Rugby  Soccer  Tennis  Water  Winter/SnowSports/Fitness  GeneralStocks  GeneralSupermarkets  GeneralTechnology  Biotechnology  Computer  Electronics  Enterprise Software  Games  Graphics/Printing/CAD  Hardware / Peripherals  Industrial  Information  Internet  Multimedia  Networking  Public Sector/Government  Robotics  Semiconductor  Software  Telecommunications  WebmastersTelecom  General  WirelessTelevision  GeneralTobacco  GeneralTrade  GeneralTransportation  GeneralTravel  GeneralUtilities  GeneralVolunteer  VolunteerWeather  Weather Advertising | How to contact us | Privacy Statement | EmailWire Press Releases | Partnership Opportunities EmailWire is a press release distribution service of GroupWeb Media LLC. © Copyright GroupWeb Media LLC 2017
About Us Contact Us Help user name password Client login:    First time user sign up Forgot your login info? Website Directory     Submit Website Search All categoriesAdvertising  GeneralAerospace  GeneralAgriculture  GeneralAirlines  GeneralAmerica - Post 9/11  GeneralApparel  GeneralApple Products  GeneralArchitectural  GeneralArchitecture  ArchitectureArt & Entertainments  Books  Celebrities  Country Music  Dance  Magazines  Movies  Museums  Music  Music Downloads  News & Talk Shows  Performing Arts  Photography  Television  Web SitesArts/Culture  GeneralAuction  GeneralAutomotive  Aftermarket  Classic Autos  Consumer Publications  General  Motorcycle & Bike  Racing  Recreational Vehicle  Repair & Service  Trade PublicationsBlogging & Social Media  Blogging & Social MediaBusiness  Advertising / Marketing  Books  Consumer Research  Direct Marketing  e-Commerce  Entrepreneurs  Finance  Franchise  Human Resources  Insurance  Investment  Management  Markets  Network Marketing  Online Marketing / SEO  Payday Loans  Public Relations  Publications  Real Estate  Retail  Stocks  Supermarkets  Women in BusinessCareers/HR  GeneralChemical  GeneralCoaching / Mentoring  Coaching / MentoringComputers  Apple Products  Databases  Games & Entertainment  General  Hosting  Instruction  Linux / GNU "Open Source"  Macintosh  Microsoft Windows PC  Operating Systems  Programming  Security  Software  Tablet PCs  UtilitiesConstruction  GeneralConsumer  Gifts and Collectibles  Hobbies  Web sites / InternetDesign  Graphic Design  Industrial  WebE-Cigarette  GeneraleCommerce  GeneralEconomy  GeneralEducation  College / University  General  Home Schooling  K-12  Post Graduate  TechnicalElectronics  GeneralEmail Marketing  GeneralEmailWire Press Releases  Press Release TipsEmployment/Careers  GeneralEngineering  GeneralEntertainment  GeneralEnvironment  GeneralEvents / Trade Shows  GeneralFinance  GeneralFood  GeneralFranchise  GeneralFraud / Identity Theft  GeneralGaming  GeneralGovernment  General  Judicial  Law Enforcement  Legislative  Local  National  Public Services  Security  State  TransportationHealthcare  GeneralHome and Family  Banking / Personal Finance  Bereavement / Loss  Home Furnishings / Interiors  Landscaping & Gardening  Marriage / Relationships  Money  Parenting  Payday Loans  Pets  Taxes  Wedding / BridalHome Schooling  GeneralHotels/Resorts  GeneralHousehold  GeneralIndustry  Aerospace / Defense  Agriculture  Apparel / Textiles  Broadcast  Construction / Building  Electrical  Food  Funeral  Healthcare  Leisure / Hospitality  Logistics / Shipping  Manufacturing / Production  Mining / Metals  Oil / Energy  Paper / Forest Products  Plumbing, Heating & AC  Print Media  Printing  Publishing  Radio  Restaurants  Tobacco  ToyInsurance  GeneralInternet/Online  GeneralLegal  GeneralLeisure  GeneralLifestyle  Beauty  Dating / Singles  Diet / Weight Loss  Fashion  Food / Beverage  Health & Fitness  Hotel / Resorts  Pastimes  Restaurants  Retirement  Travel & TourismMachinery  GeneralMaritime  GeneralMedical  Addiction  Allergies  Alternative Medicine  Asthma  Cancer  Cardiology  Chiropractic  Dental  Dermatology  Diabetes  Emergency  Family Medicine  General  General  Geriatrics  Hospitals  Infectious Diseases  Internal Medicine  Managed Care / HMO  Medical Products  Mental Health  Neurology  Nursing  Nutrition  OB / GYN  Pediatrics  Pharmaceuticals  Physical Therapy  Plastic Surgery  Psychology  Radiology / Imaging  Research  Sports Medicine  Surgery  VisionMilitary  GeneralMining/Metals  GeneralMiscellaneous  GeneralNanotechnology  NanotechnologyNon-profit  GeneralOccupational Safety  Occupational SafetyOil/Energy  GeneralOpinion / Editorial  Opinion / EditorialPaper Products  GeneralPaper/Forest  GeneralPharmaceuticals  GeneralPodcasting  Announce  Tools and ServicesPolitics  PoliticsPrint Media  GeneralPublic Utilities  Public UtilitiesPublishing  GeneralRadio  GeneralReal Estate  GeneralReligion  Christian  General  Islam  Jewish  OtherRestaurants  GeneralRetail  GeneralRSS & Content Syndication  RSS & Content SyndicationScience and Research  Science and ResearchSelf-Help / Personal Growth  Self-Help / Personal GrowthShipbuilding  GeneralSociety  African American Interests  Asian Interests  Childrens Issues  Disabled Issues / Disabilities  Gay / Lesbian  Hispanic  Mens Interests  Native American  Senior Citizens  Social Services  Teen Issues/Interests  Womens InterestSoftware  GeneralSports  Baseball  Basketball  Bicycling  Boating / Maritime  Bowling  Boxing  Fishing  Football  Golf  Hockey  Hunting  Martial Arts  Outdoors  Rugby  Soccer  Tennis  Water  Winter/SnowSports/Fitness  GeneralStocks  GeneralSupermarkets  GeneralTechnology  Biotechnology  Computer  Electronics  Enterprise Software  Games  Graphics/Printing/CAD  Hardware / Peripherals  Industrial  Information  Internet  Multimedia  Networking  Public Sector/Government  Robotics  Semiconductor  Software  Telecommunications  WebmastersTelecom  General  WirelessTelevision  GeneralTobacco  GeneralTrade  GeneralTransportation  GeneralTravel  GeneralUtilities  GeneralVolunteer  VolunteerWeather  Weather Home > News By Company > ReportsWeb.com Tweet   Multiplex Assays Global Market by Technique & Data Validation, Analysis and Forecast 2022 ReportsWeb.com published Multiplex Assays Global Market from its database. The report covers the market landscape and its growth prospects over the coming years. The report also includes a discussion of the key vendors operating in this market.   (EMAILWIRE.COM, April 04, 2017 ) According to Publisher, the Global Multiplex Assays market is accounted for $2.68 billion in 2015 and is expected to reach $4.7 billion by 2022 growing at a CAGR of 8.1% from 2015 to 2022. Growing demand for high throughput and automated systems will offer a significant growth opportunity over the forecast period. Some factors such as rising safety & efficacy of therapies, growing advantages of multiplexing over conventional assays and improving validation for biomarkers are contributing the market growth. However, huge capital investments and shortage of skilled labour are negatively affecting the market. For more information http://www.reportsweb.com/multiplex-assays-global-market-outlook-2016-2022 R&D segment registered a largest market share during the forecast period attributed to easy and closer grades offered by multiple assays. North America commanded the largest market share followed by Europe. Furthermore, Asia Pacific is expected to grow at a fastest rate during the forecast period. Some of the key vendors participated in this market include Randox Laboratories Ltd., Seegene Inc., Becton, Dickinson and Company, Qiagen N.V., Illumina, Inc., Luminex Corporation, Meso Scale Diagnostics, LLC, Merck KGAA, Abcam PLC, Bio-Rad Laboratories Inc. and Thermo Fisher Scientific Inc. Technologies Covered: - Multiplex Arrays o Multiplex Bead-Based Array o Multiplex Planar Arrays - Multiplex Pcr - Other Technologies Product and Services Covered: - Multiplex Assay Accessories - Multiplex Assay Consumables - Multiplex Assay Instruments - Software and Services End User Covered: - Hospitals - Academic & Research Institutes - Clinical Laboratories - Pharmaceutical & Biotechnology Companies - Other End Users Assays Types Covered: - Protein-Based Multiplex Assays o Bead-Based Protein Assays o Planar Protein Assays - Nucleic Acid-Based Multiplex Assays o Bead-Based Nucleic Acid Assays o Planar Nucleic Acid Assays Application Covered: - Companion Diagnostics - Research & Development o Biomarker Discovery and Validation o Drug Development - Diseases & Disorders o Allergies o Autoimmune Diseases o Cancer o Alzheimers Disease o Infectious Diseases o Cardiac Diseases Request Sample Copy http://www.reportsweb.com/inquiry&RW0001564964/sample Regions Covered: - North America o US o Canada o Mexico - Europe o Germany o France o Italy o UK o Spain o Rest of Europe - Asia Pacific o Japan o China o India o Australia o New Zealand o Rest of Asia Pacific - Rest of the World o Middle East o Brazil o Argentina o South Africa o Egypt 12 Company Profiling 12.1 Randox Laboratories Ltd. 12.2 Seegene Inc. 12.3 Becton, Dickinson and Company 12.4 Qiagen N.V. 12.5 Illumina, Inc. 12.6 Luminex Corporation 12.7 Meso Scale Diagnostics, LLC 12.8 Merck KGAA 12.12 Abcam PLC 12.10 Bio-Rad Laboratories Inc. 12.11 Thermo Fisher Scientific Inc. Make an enquiry: http://www.reportsweb.com/inquiry&RW0001564964/buying Contact Information: ReportsWeb.com Priya Sisodia Tel: +1-646-491-9876 Email us This is a press release. Press release distribution and press release services by EmailWire.Com: http://www.emailwire.com/us-press-release-distribution.php. 
   Search All categoriesAdvertising  GeneralAerospace  GeneralAgriculture  GeneralAirlines  GeneralAmerica - Post 9/11  GeneralApparel  GeneralApple Products  GeneralArchitectural  GeneralArchitecture  ArchitectureArt & Entertainments  Books  Celebrities  Country Music  Dance  Magazines  Movies  Museums  Music  Music Downloads  News & Talk Shows  Performing Arts  Photography  Television  Web SitesArts/Culture  GeneralAuction  GeneralAutomotive  Aftermarket  Classic Autos  Consumer Publications  General  Motorcycle & Bike  Racing  Recreational Vehicle  Repair & Service  Trade PublicationsBlogging & Social Media  Blogging & Social MediaBusiness  Advertising / Marketing  Books  Consumer Research  Direct Marketing  e-Commerce  Entrepreneurs  Finance  Franchise  Human Resources  Insurance  Investment  Management  Markets  Network Marketing  Online Marketing / SEO  Payday Loans  Public Relations  Publications  Real Estate  Retail  Stocks  Supermarkets  Women in BusinessCareers/HR  GeneralChemical  GeneralCoaching / Mentoring  Coaching / MentoringComputers  Apple Products  Databases  Games & Entertainment  General  Hosting  Instruction  Linux / GNU "Open Source"  Macintosh  Microsoft Windows PC  Operating Systems  Programming  Security  Software  Tablet PCs  UtilitiesConstruction  GeneralConsumer  Gifts and Collectibles  Hobbies  Web sites / InternetDesign  Graphic Design  Industrial  WebE-Cigarette  GeneraleCommerce  GeneralEconomy  GeneralEducation  College / University  General  Home Schooling  K-12  Post Graduate  TechnicalElectronics  GeneralEmail Marketing  GeneralEmailWire Press Releases  Press Release TipsEmployment/Careers  GeneralEngineering  GeneralEntertainment  GeneralEnvironment  GeneralEvents / Trade Shows  GeneralFinance  GeneralFood  GeneralFranchise  GeneralFraud / Identity Theft  GeneralGaming  GeneralGovernment  General  Judicial  Law Enforcement  Legislative  Local  National  Public Services  Security  State  TransportationHealthcare  GeneralHome and Family  Banking / Personal Finance  Bereavement / Loss  Home Furnishings / Interiors  Landscaping & Gardening  Marriage / Relationships  Money  Parenting  Payday Loans  Pets  Taxes  Wedding / BridalHome Schooling  GeneralHotels/Resorts  GeneralHousehold  GeneralIndustry  Aerospace / Defense  Agriculture  Apparel / Textiles  Broadcast  Construction / Building  Electrical  Food  Funeral  Healthcare  Leisure / Hospitality  Logistics / Shipping  Manufacturing / Production  Mining / Metals  Oil / Energy  Paper / Forest Products  Plumbing, Heating & AC  Print Media  Printing  Publishing  Radio  Restaurants  Tobacco  ToyInsurance  GeneralInternet/Online  GeneralLegal  GeneralLeisure  GeneralLifestyle  Beauty  Dating / Singles  Diet / Weight Loss  Fashion  Food / Beverage  Health & Fitness  Hotel / Resorts  Pastimes  Restaurants  Retirement  Travel & TourismMachinery  GeneralMaritime  GeneralMedical  Addiction  Allergies  Alternative Medicine  Asthma  Cancer  Cardiology  Chiropractic  Dental  Dermatology  Diabetes  Emergency  Family Medicine  General  General  Geriatrics  Hospitals  Infectious Diseases  Internal Medicine  Managed Care / HMO  Medical Products  Mental Health  Neurology  Nursing  Nutrition  OB / GYN  Pediatrics  Pharmaceuticals  Physical Therapy  Plastic Surgery  Psychology  Radiology / Imaging  Research  Sports Medicine  Surgery  VisionMilitary  GeneralMining/Metals  GeneralMiscellaneous  GeneralNanotechnology  NanotechnologyNon-profit  GeneralOccupational Safety  Occupational SafetyOil/Energy  GeneralOpinion / Editorial  Opinion / EditorialPaper Products  GeneralPaper/Forest  GeneralPharmaceuticals  GeneralPodcasting  Announce  Tools and ServicesPolitics  PoliticsPrint Media  GeneralPublic Utilities  Public UtilitiesPublishing  GeneralRadio  GeneralReal Estate  GeneralReligion  Christian  General  Islam  Jewish  OtherRestaurants  GeneralRetail  GeneralRSS & Content Syndication  RSS & Content SyndicationScience and Research  Science and ResearchSelf-Help / Personal Growth  Self-Help / Personal GrowthShipbuilding  GeneralSociety  African American Interests  Asian Interests  Childrens Issues  Disabled Issues / Disabilities  Gay / Lesbian  Hispanic  Mens Interests  Native American  Senior Citizens  Social Services  Teen Issues/Interests  Womens InterestSoftware  GeneralSports  Baseball  Basketball  Bicycling  Boating / Maritime  Bowling  Boxing  Fishing  Football  Golf  Hockey  Hunting  Martial Arts  Outdoors  Rugby  Soccer  Tennis  Water  Winter/SnowSports/Fitness  GeneralStocks  GeneralSupermarkets  GeneralTechnology  Biotechnology  Computer  Electronics  Enterprise Software  Games  Graphics/Printing/CAD  Hardware / Peripherals  Industrial  Information  Internet  Multimedia  Networking  Public Sector/Government  Robotics  Semiconductor  Software  Telecommunications  WebmastersTelecom  General  WirelessTelevision  GeneralTobacco  GeneralTrade  GeneralTransportation  GeneralTravel  GeneralUtilities  GeneralVolunteer  VolunteerWeather  Weather Advertising | How to contact us | Privacy Statement | EmailWire Press Releases | Partnership Opportunities EmailWire is a press release distribution service of GroupWeb Media LLC. © Copyright GroupWeb Media LLC 2017
About Us Contact Us Help user name password Client login:    First time user sign up Forgot your login info? Website Directory     Submit Website Search All categoriesAdvertising  GeneralAerospace  GeneralAgriculture  GeneralAirlines  GeneralAmerica - Post 9/11  GeneralApparel  GeneralApple Products  GeneralArchitectural  GeneralArchitecture  ArchitectureArt & Entertainments  Books  Celebrities  Country Music  Dance  Magazines  Movies  Museums  Music  Music Downloads  News & Talk Shows  Performing Arts  Photography  Television  Web SitesArts/Culture  GeneralAuction  GeneralAutomotive  Aftermarket  Classic Autos  Consumer Publications  General  Motorcycle & Bike  Racing  Recreational Vehicle  Repair & Service  Trade PublicationsBlogging & Social Media  Blogging & Social MediaBusiness  Advertising / Marketing  Books  Consumer Research  Direct Marketing  e-Commerce  Entrepreneurs  Finance  Franchise  Human Resources  Insurance  Investment  Management  Markets  Network Marketing  Online Marketing / SEO  Payday Loans  Public Relations  Publications  Real Estate  Retail  Stocks  Supermarkets  Women in BusinessCareers/HR  GeneralChemical  GeneralCoaching / Mentoring  Coaching / MentoringComputers  Apple Products  Databases  Games & Entertainment  General  Hosting  Instruction  Linux / GNU "Open Source"  Macintosh  Microsoft Windows PC  Operating Systems  Programming  Security  Software  Tablet PCs  UtilitiesConstruction  GeneralConsumer  Gifts and Collectibles  Hobbies  Web sites / InternetDesign  Graphic Design  Industrial  WebE-Cigarette  GeneraleCommerce  GeneralEconomy  GeneralEducation  College / University  General  Home Schooling  K-12  Post Graduate  TechnicalElectronics  GeneralEmail Marketing  GeneralEmailWire Press Releases  Press Release TipsEmployment/Careers  GeneralEngineering  GeneralEntertainment  GeneralEnvironment  GeneralEvents / Trade Shows  GeneralFinance  GeneralFood  GeneralFranchise  GeneralFraud / Identity Theft  GeneralGaming  GeneralGovernment  General  Judicial  Law Enforcement  Legislative  Local  National  Public Services  Security  State  TransportationHealthcare  GeneralHome and Family  Banking / Personal Finance  Bereavement / Loss  Home Furnishings / Interiors  Landscaping & Gardening  Marriage / Relationships  Money  Parenting  Payday Loans  Pets  Taxes  Wedding / BridalHome Schooling  GeneralHotels/Resorts  GeneralHousehold  GeneralIndustry  Aerospace / Defense  Agriculture  Apparel / Textiles  Broadcast  Construction / Building  Electrical  Food  Funeral  Healthcare  Leisure / Hospitality  Logistics / Shipping  Manufacturing / Production  Mining / Metals  Oil / Energy  Paper / Forest Products  Plumbing, Heating & AC  Print Media  Printing  Publishing  Radio  Restaurants  Tobacco  ToyInsurance  GeneralInternet/Online  GeneralLegal  GeneralLeisure  GeneralLifestyle  Beauty  Dating / Singles  Diet / Weight Loss  Fashion  Food / Beverage  Health & Fitness  Hotel / Resorts  Pastimes  Restaurants  Retirement  Travel & TourismMachinery  GeneralMaritime  GeneralMedical  Addiction  Allergies  Alternative Medicine  Asthma  Cancer  Cardiology  Chiropractic  Dental  Dermatology  Diabetes  Emergency  Family Medicine  General  General  Geriatrics  Hospitals  Infectious Diseases  Internal Medicine  Managed Care / HMO  Medical Products  Mental Health  Neurology  Nursing  Nutrition  OB / GYN  Pediatrics  Pharmaceuticals  Physical Therapy  Plastic Surgery  Psychology  Radiology / Imaging  Research  Sports Medicine  Surgery  VisionMilitary  GeneralMining/Metals  GeneralMiscellaneous  GeneralNanotechnology  NanotechnologyNon-profit  GeneralOccupational Safety  Occupational SafetyOil/Energy  GeneralOpinion / Editorial  Opinion / EditorialPaper Products  GeneralPaper/Forest  GeneralPharmaceuticals  GeneralPodcasting  Announce  Tools and ServicesPolitics  PoliticsPrint Media  GeneralPublic Utilities  Public UtilitiesPublishing  GeneralRadio  GeneralReal Estate  GeneralReligion  Christian  General  Islam  Jewish  OtherRestaurants  GeneralRetail  GeneralRSS & Content Syndication  RSS & Content SyndicationScience and Research  Science and ResearchSelf-Help / Personal Growth  Self-Help / Personal GrowthShipbuilding  GeneralSociety  African American Interests  Asian Interests  Childrens Issues  Disabled Issues / Disabilities  Gay / Lesbian  Hispanic  Mens Interests  Native American  Senior Citizens  Social Services  Teen Issues/Interests  Womens InterestSoftware  GeneralSports  Baseball  Basketball  Bicycling  Boating / Maritime  Bowling  Boxing  Fishing  Football  Golf  Hockey  Hunting  Martial Arts  Outdoors  Rugby  Soccer  Tennis  Water  Winter/SnowSports/Fitness  GeneralStocks  GeneralSupermarkets  GeneralTechnology  Biotechnology  Computer  Electronics  Enterprise Software  Games  Graphics/Printing/CAD  Hardware / Peripherals  Industrial  Information  Internet  Multimedia  Networking  Public Sector/Government  Robotics  Semiconductor  Software  Telecommunications  WebmastersTelecom  General  WirelessTelevision  GeneralTobacco  GeneralTrade  GeneralTransportation  GeneralTravel  GeneralUtilities  GeneralVolunteer  VolunteerWeather  Weather Home > News By Company > ReportsWeb.com Tweet   Anti-Infective Agents Global Market Research Scope, Commercial Analysis and Forecast to 2022 ReportsWeb.com published Anti-Infective Agents Global Market from its database. The report covers the market landscape and its growth prospects over the coming years. The report also includes a discussion of the key vendors operating in this market.   (EMAILWIRE.COM, April 04, 2017 ) According to Publisher, the Global Anti Infective Agents Market is accounted for $83.8 billion in 2015 and expected to grow at a CAGR of 3.2% to reach $104.5 billion by 2022. Rising incidences of infectious diseases such as HIV, H1N1, and Ebola virus, awareness amongst the healthcare professionals and the patients and commercialization of pipeline products are boosting the market growth. Trends like treatment rates for communicable diseases in developing countries and treatment of Community Acquired Bacterial Pneumonia (CABP) are expected to impart the market growth. Growing resistance of infection to the drug therapies, high price of drugs, competition between generic manufacturers and perilous reimbursement policies will impede market growth. For more information http://www.reportsweb.com/anti-infective-agents-global-market-outlook-2016-2022 The antibacterial segment accounted for the largest share of revenue. The anti-viral agents segment is expected to grow during the forecast period. North America commanded the anti-infective agents market and is followed by Europe. Asia Pacific is the fastest growing market due to improvements in healthcare infrastructure, demand for drugs and ongoing government initiatiatives for various control programs and strategic partnership projects. Some of the key players in global Anti-Infective Agents market are AstraZeneca Plc, Boehringer Ingelheim, Bristol-Myers Squibb Co, Abbott Laboratories, Bayer Healthcare AG, Cipla Ltd, Gilead Sciences,Claris Life Sciences Ltd, GlaxoSmithKline Pharmaceuticals Ltd, Merck & Co., Inc, Novartis AG, Glenmark Pharmaceuticals Ltd, Lupin Ltd, Panacea Biotech Ltd, Pfizer Ltd, Ranbaxy Laboratories Ltd, Sun Pharmaceutical Industries Ltd., Johnson & Johnson Inc., Sanofi Aventis S.A., Beijing Double-Crane Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd, Anhui Jingfang Medical Industry Co.,Ltd and Hoffman-La Roche, Inc Products Covered: - Antibacterial agents o Cephalosporins o Carbapenems o Fluoroquinolones o Macrolides o Penicillins o Clindamycin o B-Lactam Antibiotics o Oxazolidinones o Aminoglycosides o Quinolones o Sulfonamides o Tetracyclines o Vancomycin - Antifungal agents o Azoles o Echinocandins o Polyenes o Allylamines o Macrolides derivatives o Cresemba - Antiviral agents o DNA Polymerase Inhibitors o Nucleoside Analogs o Non-structural protein 5A (NS5A) inhibitors o Non-nucleoside reverse transcriptase inhibitors (NNRTIs) o Protease Inhibitors o Transcriptase Inhibitors o Neuraminidase inhibitors o Integrase strand transfer inhibitor o Chemokine receptor antagonist - Antituberculosis agents o Aminosalicylates o Diarylquinolines o Hydrazide derivatives o Nicotinic acid derivatives o Rifamycin derivatives o Streptomyces derivatives - Vaccines o Live/attenuated Vaccines o Inactivated Vaccines o DNA & Recombinant vector Vaccines o Toxoid vaccines - Antitreponemal agents Request Sample Copy http://www.reportsweb.com/inquiry&RW0001564994/sample Regions Covered: - North America o US o Canada o Mexico - Europe o Germany o France o Italy o UK o Spain o Rest of Europe - Asia Pacific o Japan o China o India o Australia o New Zealand o Rest of Asia Pacific - Rest of the World o Middle East o Brazil o Argentina o South Africa o Egypt 8 Company Profiling 8.1 AstraZeneca Plc 8.2 Boehringer Ingelheim 8.3 Bristol-Myers Squibb Co 8.4 Abbott Laboratories 8.5 Bayer Healthcare AG 8.6 Cipla Ltd 8.7 Gilead Sciences 8.8 Claris Life Sciences Ltd 8.9 GlaxoSmithKline Pharmaceuticals Ltd 8.10 Merck & Co., Inc 8.11 Novartis AG 8.12 Glenmark Pharmaceuticals Ltd 8.13 Lupin Ltd 8.14 Panacea Biotech Ltd 8.15 Pfizer Ltd 8.16 Ranbaxy Laboratories Ltd 8.17 Sun Pharmaceutical Industries Ltd. 8.18 Johnson & Johnson Inc. 8.19 Sanofi Aventis S.A. 8.20 Beijing Double-Crane Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd 8.21 Anhui Jingfang Medical Industry Co.,Ltd 8.22 Hoffman-La Roche, Inc Make an enquiry: http://www.reportsweb.com/inquiry&RW0001564994/buying Contact Information: ReportsWeb.com Priya Sisodia Tel: +1-646-491-9876 Email us This is a press release. Press release distribution and press release services by EmailWire.Com: http://www.emailwire.com/us-press-release-distribution.php. 
   Search All categoriesAdvertising  GeneralAerospace  GeneralAgriculture  GeneralAirlines  GeneralAmerica - Post 9/11  GeneralApparel  GeneralApple Products  GeneralArchitectural  GeneralArchitecture  ArchitectureArt & Entertainments  Books  Celebrities  Country Music  Dance  Magazines  Movies  Museums  Music  Music Downloads  News & Talk Shows  Performing Arts  Photography  Television  Web SitesArts/Culture  GeneralAuction  GeneralAutomotive  Aftermarket  Classic Autos  Consumer Publications  General  Motorcycle & Bike  Racing  Recreational Vehicle  Repair & Service  Trade PublicationsBlogging & Social Media  Blogging & Social MediaBusiness  Advertising / Marketing  Books  Consumer Research  Direct Marketing  e-Commerce  Entrepreneurs  Finance  Franchise  Human Resources  Insurance  Investment  Management  Markets  Network Marketing  Online Marketing / SEO  Payday Loans  Public Relations  Publications  Real Estate  Retail  Stocks  Supermarkets  Women in BusinessCareers/HR  GeneralChemical  GeneralCoaching / Mentoring  Coaching / MentoringComputers  Apple Products  Databases  Games & Entertainment  General  Hosting  Instruction  Linux / GNU "Open Source"  Macintosh  Microsoft Windows PC  Operating Systems  Programming  Security  Software  Tablet PCs  UtilitiesConstruction  GeneralConsumer  Gifts and Collectibles  Hobbies  Web sites / InternetDesign  Graphic Design  Industrial  WebE-Cigarette  GeneraleCommerce  GeneralEconomy  GeneralEducation  College / University  General  Home Schooling  K-12  Post Graduate  TechnicalElectronics  GeneralEmail Marketing  GeneralEmailWire Press Releases  Press Release TipsEmployment/Careers  GeneralEngineering  GeneralEntertainment  GeneralEnvironment  GeneralEvents / Trade Shows  GeneralFinance  GeneralFood  GeneralFranchise  GeneralFraud / Identity Theft  GeneralGaming  GeneralGovernment  General  Judicial  Law Enforcement  Legislative  Local  National  Public Services  Security  State  TransportationHealthcare  GeneralHome and Family  Banking / Personal Finance  Bereavement / Loss  Home Furnishings / Interiors  Landscaping & Gardening  Marriage / Relationships  Money  Parenting  Payday Loans  Pets  Taxes  Wedding / BridalHome Schooling  GeneralHotels/Resorts  GeneralHousehold  GeneralIndustry  Aerospace / Defense  Agriculture  Apparel / Textiles  Broadcast  Construction / Building  Electrical  Food  Funeral  Healthcare  Leisure / Hospitality  Logistics / Shipping  Manufacturing / Production  Mining / Metals  Oil / Energy  Paper / Forest Products  Plumbing, Heating & AC  Print Media  Printing  Publishing  Radio  Restaurants  Tobacco  ToyInsurance  GeneralInternet/Online  GeneralLegal  GeneralLeisure  GeneralLifestyle  Beauty  Dating / Singles  Diet / Weight Loss  Fashion  Food / Beverage  Health & Fitness  Hotel / Resorts  Pastimes  Restaurants  Retirement  Travel & TourismMachinery  GeneralMaritime  GeneralMedical  Addiction  Allergies  Alternative Medicine  Asthma  Cancer  Cardiology  Chiropractic  Dental  Dermatology  Diabetes  Emergency  Family Medicine  General  General  Geriatrics  Hospitals  Infectious Diseases  Internal Medicine  Managed Care / HMO  Medical Products  Mental Health  Neurology  Nursing  Nutrition  OB / GYN  Pediatrics  Pharmaceuticals  Physical Therapy  Plastic Surgery  Psychology  Radiology / Imaging  Research  Sports Medicine  Surgery  VisionMilitary  GeneralMining/Metals  GeneralMiscellaneous  GeneralNanotechnology  NanotechnologyNon-profit  GeneralOccupational Safety  Occupational SafetyOil/Energy  GeneralOpinion / Editorial  Opinion / EditorialPaper Products  GeneralPaper/Forest  GeneralPharmaceuticals  GeneralPodcasting  Announce  Tools and ServicesPolitics  PoliticsPrint Media  GeneralPublic Utilities  Public UtilitiesPublishing  GeneralRadio  GeneralReal Estate  GeneralReligion  Christian  General  Islam  Jewish  OtherRestaurants  GeneralRetail  GeneralRSS & Content Syndication  RSS & Content SyndicationScience and Research  Science and ResearchSelf-Help / Personal Growth  Self-Help / Personal GrowthShipbuilding  GeneralSociety  African American Interests  Asian Interests  Childrens Issues  Disabled Issues / Disabilities  Gay / Lesbian  Hispanic  Mens Interests  Native American  Senior Citizens  Social Services  Teen Issues/Interests  Womens InterestSoftware  GeneralSports  Baseball  Basketball  Bicycling  Boating / Maritime  Bowling  Boxing  Fishing  Football  Golf  Hockey  Hunting  Martial Arts  Outdoors  Rugby  Soccer  Tennis  Water  Winter/SnowSports/Fitness  GeneralStocks  GeneralSupermarkets  GeneralTechnology  Biotechnology  Computer  Electronics  Enterprise Software  Games  Graphics/Printing/CAD  Hardware / Peripherals  Industrial  Information  Internet  Multimedia  Networking  Public Sector/Government  Robotics  Semiconductor  Software  Telecommunications  WebmastersTelecom  General  WirelessTelevision  GeneralTobacco  GeneralTrade  GeneralTransportation  GeneralTravel  GeneralUtilities  GeneralVolunteer  VolunteerWeather  Weather Advertising | How to contact us | Privacy Statement | EmailWire Press Releases | Partnership Opportunities EmailWire is a press release distribution service of GroupWeb Media LLC. © Copyright GroupWeb Media LLC 2017
검색 Politics Social Affairs Foreign Affairs Defense North Korea Sharing Science Diplomatic Circuit Education Environment Economy Finance Industry Technology Automode Management Culture Travel Fashion Food & Beverage Books People Expat Living Design Health Film Television Music Arts Hallyu Soccer Baseball Golf More Sports World News World Business Asia News Network Editorial Viewpoints Voice Ahn meets citizens on subway on first stop of campaign trail The Korea Herald > Business > Industry Korean drugmakers to seek global partnerships at Seoul conference   Published : 2017-04-04 15:36 Updated : 2017-04-04 17:35 South Korean pharmaceutical companies and global drugmakers will come together to discuss new business partnerships and “open innovation” at this year’s Korea Pharma Associations Conference in Seoul next week. The KPAC will be held at the InterContinental Seoul Coex hotel from April 11-12 for some 400 attendees, according to the Korea Pharmaceutical and Bio-Pharma Manufacturers Association and the Korea Research-based Pharmaceutical Industry Association, the event’s co-organizers. As one of the biggest pharma industry events of the year, the upcoming conference will center on the theme of “global partnering for open innovation.” (123RF) Open innovation in the pharmaceutical industry refers to moving away from a closed, centralized R&D model and instead collaborating with external research institutes, smaller companies and individuals to spur new drug and technology development. The top research and development executives from big pharma companies including Novartis, Eli Lilly, Sanofi, Merck KGaA, Celgene, Amgen, MSD and Johnson & Johnson will hold one-on-one business meetings with the chief executives of Korean pharma firms. Officials from local biotech startups, the Korean government, the Pharmaceutical Research and Manufacturers of America, research institutions, investment banks and consulting companies will also be attending the conference.  (KPAC) The KPAC will kick off on April 11 with an opening keynote speech by Robert Urban, the global head of innovation at Johnson & Johnson on the topic of “advancing healthcare innovation around the world.” The first session will discuss “prosperous hot spots in R&D” while the second session will focus on the topic of “how to make the best deal for M&A and BD&L.” Vice President of Bayer Monika Lessl will deliver the second keynote speech on the topic of “open innovation at Bayer.” The third session will discuss “cutting edge of open innovation” while the fourth session will zero in on the topic of “industry-academia collaboration.” For more information and registration, visit www.kpharma.org. Following the KPAC, Korea Bio — another Seoul-based major biotech and health care convention — will take place from April 12-14 at Coex. By Sohn Ji-young (jys@heraldcorp.com) 영어뉴스를 통한 ListeningㆍReading 실력 향상 단기 학습 프로그램 [NEST] 1. Ahn meets citizens on subway... 2. Hyundai Motor pulls ad from ... 3. Rights watchdog cites struct... 4. Moon hit by another allegati... 5. EMO Hannover fair to host mo... 6. Incheon International Airpor... 7. Animal rights advocates cond... 8. Hong faces mounting criticis... 9. ‘House of Disappeared’ inv... 10. Google out to ease YouTube a... 1. KT, Verizon test world’s fi... 2. Actor Lee Joon-gi confirms r... 3. Samsung Display predicts fol... 4. N. Korea fires ballistic mis... 5. Ahn clinches candidacy for M... 6. Singapore tops list of best... 7. S. Korea warns NK's continue... 8. Ousted Park questioned in ja... 9. NK SLBM still ‘years away’... 10. Conditions for coalition THE HERALD BUSINESS THE KOREA HERALD THE JUNIOR HERALD THE HERALD BUSINESS(USA) HERALD EDU HERALD ARCADEMY SEOUL/BUSAN/MOKPO/GEOJE ENGLISH VILLAGES DIGITAL HERALD HERALD ARTDAY HERALD ECOCHEM Herald Corporation | 주소: Huam-ro 4-gil 10, Yongsan-gu, Seoul, Korea | 제호: The Korea Herald | Online newspaper registration number: Seoul 아03711 Date of registration: 2015.04.28 | Publisher. Editor: Kwon Chung Won | Juvenile Protection Manager: Shin Chang Hoon | Tel : 02)727-0114
Please enter your login details    Comment   Forgot password? Rewards Sunday Times The Times LIVE Sites Sowetan LIVE Sunday World BDlive Books Live Other Times Media Titles SEARCH JOBS   m.timeslive.co.za Times LIVE Australian solo sailor's dream dashed Turning bump and grind into an art form SUBSCRIBE AM PM Marketing News South Africa Africa World Controversial Durban landfill will be closed by Friday Operations at the site - which residents of several suburbs in the Upper Highway area west of Durban have long blamed for a noxious stench - were suspended on Tuesday. Mpumalanga widow charged for husband's Valentine's Day murder Rand firmer than expected after credit rating downgrade Nuclear energy will be implemented at an affordable scale and pace: Gigaba Cabinet reshuffle puts fizz in the sugary drinks tax fight Airport heist accused ‘tortured‚ threatened’ court hears SA faces big challenge to reassure investors: Busa Botswana rocked by earthquake‚ aftershocks felt in South Africa The aftershocks of a large earthquake which struck Botswana were felt as far away as Gauteng on Monday night. Mali peace conference calls for talks with jihadists New jihadist alliance claims border attack in Mali Boko Haram kidnap 22 girls, women in northeast Nigeria 'Political' song puts Nigerian musician in dock Mali's state of emergency extended by 10 days Malawi urged to ban cheap super-strong liquor destroying young lives Trump gives portion of salary to National Parks The White House announced Monday that President Donald Trump will donate part of his salary to the US National Park Service, going some way towards meeting a campaign promise. DJ to be charged after Tunisia call to prayer remix The enemy within: Russia faces different Islamist threat with metro bombing UN Security Council to meet Wednesday on alleged Syria chemical attack Outcry in Sweden as Muslim school segregates boys and girls New Jersey teen pleads guilty in plot to assassinate the Pope Death toll in Syria 'gas attack' rises to 58: monitor Politics Politics Four recommended for Constitutional Court post “Judges should keep away from the media space. They should speak through their judgments.” DA decides against Luthuli House march after threats of violence Zuma asks Cosatu to reconsider decision to ask him to step down No1 'crossed the line': ANC veterans The people will march, despite threats ANC mobilises for Operation Save JZ Gigaba celebrated Diwali with the Guptas Sport Soccer Rugby Cricket Golf Tennis Motor Sport More Sport Jomo Cosmos beat Bidvest Wits to book their place in the quarterfinals Bidvest Wits could not batter their way past a fiery Jomo Cosmos by the end of extra time, then succumbed 5-4 in the penalty shootout as Ezenkosi progressed into the Nedbank Cup quarterfinals in Tuesday night's last-16 match at Tsakane Stadium. Platinum Stars brush aside Baroka FC Larger-than-life Molemela laid to rest in Bloemfontein Sundowns will attempt to keep flagging title hopes alive against Celtic Liverpool dealt injury blow as Mane's season hangs in balance Eldense coach arrested after 12-0 defeat to Barcelona B team, say Spanish police 'I'm not going to sit here and talk negatively about the players that we have,' says Pirates coach Manuel challenges the Bulls players to take responsibility Bulls backline coach David Manuel has challenged the players to take responsibility and finish their Super Rugby overseas tour on a positive note this week. Experienced Afrika to provide young Blitzboks with guidance Cheetahs defend their Super Rugby status Stormers seek balance in disrupted week Coetzee hopes the versatile Venter will give the Springboks defence bite Johan Ackermann confirms he's leaving the Lions Ex-Springbok Dalton in court for assault Not many SA cricketers left in Indian Premier League Only weeks ago the Delhi Daredevils were awash with South Africans heading into this year’s edition of the Indian Premier League. Why we're all talking about Markram Record-breaking Titans pummel Warriors to lift the Momentum ODI Cup Record breaking Titans pummels Warriors to lift the Momentum ODI Cup Proteas opener Elgar backs Russell Domingo to continue as coach Elliott joins Brummie Bears Warriors hoping to be second time lucky against the Titans in the final Day brightens even as storm hits Masters practice Severe thunderstorms shortened Monday's first official practice session for the 81st Masters, but the outlook brightened for Australia's Jason Day ahead of the year's first major. Women call to 'dump Trump' Jordan Spieth looking forward to shedding Augusta hoodoo Golf to salute 'The King' at Arnold Palmer Invitational Muirfield opens doors to women - and the Open Historic Muirfield club to allow women members Injury-plagued Tiger Woods to miss Arnold Palmer tournament Miami winner Konta into WTA top 10 Britain's Johanna Konta climbed into the WTA top 10 on Monday, the highest place so far in the 25-year-old's career coming after tournament wins in Sydney and Miami. Nadal socks it to Jack, Fabio awaits in semifinal Nadal on track for Federer showdown as Sock downed Giovinazzi in for Wehrlein at Chinese GP Antonio Giovinazzi will replace Pascal Wehrlein for the second race in a row and drive for Sauber in this week's Chinese Grand Prix. Vettel and Ferrari are back in the sunshine Lewis Hamilton fights off Vettel to grab Aussie GP pole Tour de France sets wheels in motion for Chinese revolution Lewis Hamilton 'in league of his own' after Aussie blitz Lewis Hamilton leaves rivals in the dust in season's first practice Lewis wants to see more women in the paddock Chad le Clos happy as a fish in the water after switching coaches and cities Chad Le Clos says he is happy and re-energised after switching coaches and cities. Private IAAF files hacked by suspected Russian group IOC says no sign of significant abuse in clenbuterol cases from Beijing Doctor Know: Who would miss golden opportunity like this? No bomb will stop Oxford Mbalula bids farewell to the 'sport movement' It's Smiling Blue Eyes in a Classic Country Garden Entertainment Entertainment Competitions Sunday Times Generation Next nominees announced The celebrity finalists in the Sunday Times Generation Next Survey have been revealed. 'Metro FM is my home' - Robert Marawa is not going anywhere WATCH: 'The lady in the yellow dress' bravely talks about overcoming rape Grab your things! Here's your chance to join the cast of Muvhango Relax, guys! Skeem Saam's Buhle Maseko is NOT getting married Lerato Kganyago hits back at critics: I'm emotionally strong I don't make music for rappers, says Cassper Nyovest Life & Style Life & Style Food IgnitionLive Books LIVE In Your Corner Obesity in pregnancy is linked to epilepsy risk Being overweight or obese in the first trimester of pregnancy has been linked to a higher risk of bearing a child with epilepsy, researchers said Monday. Pulled pork wraps with mango & avo salsa Giving up booze, going gluten free: Enid Blyton's Famous Five get all grown up The sickening story of the apartheid ‘super spy’ who killed to order Blood test could help you find the right meds to fight depression Why you should turn your child into a book lover (& how to do it) Two new studies suggest how to improve your cold symptoms Consumer Live Consumer Live SA 'up there with the best' recycling plastic bottles Many South Africans are under the impression that we don’t have much of a recycling culture‚ but when it comes to plastic bottles‚ we’re up there with the best in the world. More fakes on the make Travelstart's April Fool's Day prank a non-starter Wesbank accused of 'coaxing' defaulting consumers to surrender their cars Game stores recall 'full HD' TVs that aren't It's high time you got alarmed Don't call us‚ we'll call you‚ and we'll make sure you get help: Credit Ombud Motoring Motoring Ferrari F430 once owned by President Donald Trump sells for $270K A 10-year-old bright red Ferrari that belonged to President Donald Trump went on the block Saturday and sold for $270,000, auctioneers said. Fiat marks 60 years of the Fiat 500 with special edition Ford recalls Ford Fiesta ST models Porsche ups the potency for 2017 Lamborghini breaks another record Mercedes ignition fault can only be fixed mid-2017‚ waiting for parts Sci-Tech Scitech Cassini spacecraft to dive inside Saturn's rings for mission finale NASA is preparing to send its long-lived Cassini probe into the unexplored region between Saturn and its rings for a scientific grand finale before the spacecraft's suicidal plunge into the planet, space officials said on Tuesday. Brains of 'super-agers' don't shrink as fast as others Twitter drops egg icon in battle with Internet 'trolls' Europe overtakes US as Internet child abuse hub: study WATCH: These microbes use 'gatling guns' to hunt Mother’s Day‚ my phone and apartheid trending on Google SA Twitter makes room for more characters in tweets SUNDAY TIMES     Latest previous next Four recommended for Constitutional Court post Sunday Times Generation Next nominees announced DA decides against Luthuli House march after threats of violence 'Metro FM is my home' - Robert Marawa is not going anywhere Cassini spacecraft to dive inside Saturn's rings for mission finale Brains of 'super-agers' don't shrink as fast as others Meltdown over Easter eggs DA decides against Luthuli House march after threats of violence Stransky evades Cheetahs 'Jump in Oakbay shares suspicious' Out of luck and knocked up: Two-thirds of poor women have unplanned pregnancies WATCH: 'The lady in the yellow dress' bravely talks about overcoming rape Turning bump and grind into an art form Missing wheel bolt led to Simba Mhere car crash: witness Zuma asks Cosatu to reconsider decision to ask him to step down No1 'crossed the line': ANC veterans The people will march, despite threats ANC mobilises for Operation Save JZ Gigaba celebrated Diwali with the Guptas Zuma fights back - Ramaphosa‚ Mantashe and Mkhize should 'apologise' for opposing cabinet reshuffle Trump gives portion of salary to National Parks Cameron van der Burgh wins South African 100m breaststroke crown DJ to be charged after Tunisia call to prayer remix Zuma a no-show at his own rally‚ supporters blast credit ratings agencies DA launches High Court bid to set aside Zuma's decision to fire Gordhan Controversial Durban landfill will be closed by Friday The enemy within: Russia faces different Islamist threat with metro bombing Photographers are fighting their way out of the hole that selfies dug UN Security Council to meet Wednesday on alleged Syria chemical attack Mpumalanga widow charged for husband's Valentine's Day murder Rand firmer than expected after credit rating downgrade Nuclear energy will be implemented at an affordable scale and pace: Gigaba Cabinet reshuffle puts fizz in the sugary drinks tax fight Zuma a no-show at his own rally Wed Apr 05 09:02:20 SAST 2017 Is your job poisoning you? Home The Times Article Cost of cancer drugs out of control Reuters | 2017-04-04 07:17:49.0 Cancer cells. Image by: Thinkstock Newer cancer drugs that enlist the body's immune system are improving the odds of survival but competition between their developers is not reining in prices - a year's course of treatment can now cost more than $250,000 (about R3.4-million). Save & Share Tweet Email Print The drugs' success for patients is the result of big bets in cancer therapy made by Bristol-Myers Squibb, Merck and Roche, among others. The industry's pipeline of cancer drugs expanded by 63% between 2005 and 2015, according to the QuintilesIMS Institute, and a good number are reaching the market. The global market for cancer immuno-therapies is expected to grow more than fourfold globally to $75.8-billion by 2022 from $16.9-billion in 2015, according to GlobalData. "For cancer drugs in general ... it is hard for us to drive down costs," said Steve Miller, chief medical officer at Express Scripts Holding, the largest US manager of drug benefit plans. "You don't want to be told to use the second-best cancer drug for your child." Lawmakers have talked about solutions ranging from price negotiation to faster approval of new drugs, often invoking increased competition between drugmakers. "Competition is the key to lowering drug prices," US President Donald Trump said in January. But that is not happening. New drugs called "checkpoint inhibitors" release a molecular brake, freeing the immune system to recognise and attack cancer cells. For cancers such as melanoma, the treatments can mean long-term survival for 20% of patients. Current checkpoint inhibitors have a list price of about $150,000 a year. One combination for advanced or inoperable melanoma has a cost of $256,000 a year. Scientific progress and pricing power are driving pharmaceuticals companies to emphasise oncology research. "Most of the strategy of pharmaceuticals companies assumes unrestrained pricing power," said Peter Bach, director of Memorial Sloan Kettering's Centre for Health Policy Outcomes, in New York. Share Tweet SHARE YOUR OPINION If you have an opinion you would like to share on this article, please send us an e-mail to the Times LIVE iLIVE team. In the mean time, click here to view the Times LIVE iLIVE section. Most Popular Today This Week 1 The Big Read: The guilt of the gutless three 2 Botswana rocked by earthquake‚ aftershocks felt in South Africa 3 Government warns anti-Zuma protesters 4 What does junk status mean for you and your wallet? 5 EXCLUSIVE: Explosive battle between Bonang and SABC threatens to go nuclear 1 The Big Read: The guilt of the gutless three 2 BREAKING: Zuma to justify Gordhan axing with intelligence report - sources 3 Downgrade to junk status - what does it mean? 4 Zuma considers stepping down early in deal to oust Gordhan 5 Zuma admits that ‘things are bad’ Read more popular stories Sponsored Links Main Menu News Politics Business Entertainment Life & Style Sci-Tech Consumer Live Sport Food Our Network Sunday Times SowetanLIVE Sunday World BusinessLIVE Business Day Financial Mail Rand Daily Mail Wanted Online BooksLIVE HeraldLIVE DispatchLIVE IgnitionLIVE Social Network Facebook Twitter Instagram Online Services Advertise Online Mobile site RSS Feeds Syndication Print Services Advertise in print Subscription Services e-Paper Ezines/Magazines SA Home Owner Business Media MAGS African Leader Banker SA FM Boardroom FM Travel Franchising Healthy Times Infrastructure Journal of SA Architecture Pursuit SA Mining Voice of Local Government Contact Us Contact Details Other Terms & Conditions BEE Credentials Times LIVE © Wed Apr 05 09:02:20 SAST 2017 Times Media Group. All rights reserved. Use of this site constitutes acceptance of our Terms & Conditions and Privacy Policy. X
recommended reading NIST Cyber Framework for Federal Agencies Coming Soon This is How You Know Your Facebook Account Has Been Hacked The New Administration's Cyber Stance DHS Seeks to Reboot Relationship with Election Officials Nextgov TRENDING facebook twitter google plus rss Job-Killing Tech // Innovation Tips // Data Centers // Cyber Strategy Delays // Lost Phones // Blockchain News CIO Briefing Emerging Tech Cloud Cybersecurity Mobile Health Defense Big Data Health Industry Needs Government Go-To for Cyber Threats, Expert Says ESB Professional/Shutterstock.com By Frank Konkel April 4, 2017 NEXTGOV NEWSLETTER SUBSCRIBE related stories Scientists Made a Cancer-Fighting Cap That Stops Tumors From Growing With Electricity HHS Wants More Blockchain In Health Records—Eventually Can Trump Make Veterans' Health Care Great Again? The Computer Virus That Haunted Early AIDS Researchers Share this on Facebook Tweet this on Twitter Share this on Google Plus Share this on LinkedIn Print this article Email this article Increase size Congress is worried cybersecurity measures aren’t keeping up with technological advances in the health care industry and evolving medical devices, potentially putting millions of Americans at risk. “The cost of inaction is too great,” said Rep. Frank Pallone, D-N.J., a member of the Energy and Commerce Committee’s Oversight and Investigations subcommittee. The subcommittee convened Tuesday to assess cybersecurity risks in health care and explore the use of more public-private partnerships to combat the problem. Yet, much of the conversation revolved around just how much the cyber risk has increased in health care. » Get the best federal technology news and ideas delivered right to your inbox. Sign up here. “We’ve seen the headlines,” Pallone added, citing more than a dozen “ransomware” attacks on hospitals carried out last year. In ransomware attacks, hackers exploit a security vulnerability to hold a hospital hostage in exchange for financial gain or other benefits. These attacks are becoming more frequent in part because rural hospitals, which sometimes lack funding of larger health care organizations in urban areas, are proving easier targets. “The cyber threat surface has ballooned,” said Denise Anderson, president of the National Health Information Sharing and Analysis Center. NHISAC is a community of critical infrastructure owners and operators in the health care sector that shares information regarding cyber threats and mitigation strategies. “The focus has traditionally been on data and privacy, but if organizations cannot deliver services—as seen in ransomware attacks—or if data is destroyed, the system is at risk,” Anderson said. Subcommittee Chairman Tim Murphy, R-Pa., admitted government is unlikely to “stop every attack,” but sought solutions to reduce risks as the complexity of modern society grows. The influx and mass sharing of electronic health records and complexity of new internet-connected medical devices will only increase the attack vector further, he said. Aside from simply promoting the existence of NHISAC and therefore further populating a forum whereby best practices and other relevant data can be exchanged, Anderson said the government would be wise to “establish cyber professionals as liaisons to industry.” In other words, the government and leading health care organizations ought to hire more cyber talent who understand the threats and how to mitigate them. “Having an established go-to lead in this area is imperative,” said Anderson, adding automation of information sharing between appropriate parties could also improve security. In such a scenario, data regarding an attack—who, what and how of the attack—occurring on a member health care organization would be shared confidentially with other members so they could patch their systems. Terry Rice, vice president of IT Risk Management at Merck & Co., also called for more cyber talent in government. Rice, who believes the number of attacks on health care organizations is significantly underrepresented, called on the Health and Human Services Department to “appoint a senior cyber executive” to engage as a government-lead in industry. Rice also called upon HHS to work with federal partners to develop a cybersecurity protection plan for the health care industry. Each of the 16 critical infrastructures in the U.S. is tasked with developing sector-specific plans and updating them every few years, with federal agencies taking the lead role in coordinating those efforts. The health care sector plan, which includes how to deal with everything from “a pandemic flu to health care delivery in natural disasters,” Rice said, only dedicated two pages for its cybersecurity guidance. “While the material in there is helpful, it needs to be significantly expanded, particularly for small entities that don’t have large security teams or professionals in their organizations,” Rice said. recommended for you Threatwatch Alert Thousands of cyber attacks occur each day See the latest threats ADD A COMMENT Creating a Holistic Cybersecurity Strategy for Government Seeing the IT Road Ahead with Riverbed The Federal Workforce Needs New Skills to Handle Change in Times of Transition FROM OUR SPONSORS sponsored Get Smart. Get The D Brief. Subscribe to Defense One's new national security newsletter. JOIN THE DISCUSSION By using this service you agree not to post material that is obscene, harassing, defamatory, or otherwise objectionable. Although Nextgov does not monitor comments posted to this site (and has no obligation to), it reserves the right to delete, edit, or move any material that it deems to be in violation of this rule. Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. PROMOTIONS The New Administration's Cyber Stance // This eBook discusses the current state of federal cyber policy and how things could play out under the new Trump presidency. eBook Innovating from the Top: Federal Chief Innovation Officers // his eBook explores the presence of a chief innovation officer—and how the job allows him or her to directly influence an agency’s tech policy, workplace culture or acquisitions within each federal government agency. IT Subcommittee to Focus on Buying Better Tech Faster See all coverage Underwritten by Dell FREE NEWSLETTERS Nextgov Today Health IT Route Fifty Today Research & Insights FITARA Forward see all blogs Nextgov Event: Experience the True Power of Digital Government Emerging Tech by Frank Konkel Last Chance to Help Shape NIST's Updated Cyber Framework Tech Insider by John Breeden II Tech is Overwhelmingly White and Male, and White Men Are Just Fine With That Wired Workplace by Keith Collins sponsored links Join AFCEA Bethesda, May 9-10, for Law Enforcement and Public Safety Technology Forum Come share challenges & best practices to strengthen operational impact. Register today. connellyworks.swoogo.com Nextgov About Contact Us Events Advertise List Rentals Site Map Privacy Policy Terms & Conditions GovExec Defense One Route Fifty Quartz National Journal The Atlantic CityLab © 2017 by National Journal Group, Inc. All rights reserved. Close [ x ] More from Nextgov   Next Story   × Get top federal technology stories and news alerts in your inbox. Sign up for Nextgov Today My email is ... I work for ... --select-- Military Federal Government State/Local Government Contractor Private Sector Retired Yes, Nextgov can email me on behalf of carefully selected companies and organizations. Sign up View Privacy Policy Thank you. Help us tailor content specifically for you: Full Name Agency/Department --select-- Air Force Army Coast Guard Navy Marines Department of Agriculture Department of Commerce Department of Education Department of Energy EPA Executive Office of the President/Vice President GSA Department of Defense Department of HHS Department of Homeland Security Department of HUD Department of Interior Judiciary Branch Office of the Secretary of Defense Department of Justice Department of Labor Legislative Branch NASA OMB OPM SSA Department of State Department of Transportation Department of Treasury USPS Department of Veterans Affairs Other Agency Government Association County Municipal Higher Education K-12 Education Special District State Job Function --select-- Agency Leadership Business & Operations Technology Management Financial/Contract Management Human Resource Management Sales & Marketing Other Phone number Zip code Submit View Privacy Policy Thank you for subscribing to newsletters from Nextgov.com. We think these reports might interest you: It’s Time for the Federal Government to Embrace Wireless and Mobility The United States has turned a corner on the adoption of mobile phones, tablets and other smart devices, outpacing traditional desktop and laptop sales by a wide margin. This issue brief discusses the state of wireless and mobility in federal government and outlines why now is the time to embrace these technologies in government. Download Featured Content from RSA Conference: Dissed by NIST Learn more about the latest draft of the U.S. National Institute of Standards and Technology guidance document on authentication and lifecycle management. Download A New Security Architecture for Federal Networks Federal government networks are under constant attack, and the number of those attacks is increasing. This issue brief discusses today's threats and a new model for the future. Download Going Agile:Revolutionizing Federal Digital Services Delivery Here’s one indication that times have changed: Harriet Tubman is going to be the next face of the twenty dollar bill. Another sign of change? The way in which the federal government arrived at that decision. Download Software-Defined Networking So many demands are being placed on federal information technology networks, which must handle vast amounts of data, accommodate voice and video, and cope with a multitude of highly connected devices while keeping government information secure from cyber threats. This issue brief discusses the state of SDN in the federal government and the path forward. Download The New IP: Moving Government Agencies Toward the Network of The Future Federal IT managers are looking to modernize legacy network infrastructures that are taxed by growing demands from mobile devices, video, vast amounts of data, and more. This issue brief discusses the federal government network landscape, as well as market, financial force drivers for network modernization. Download When you download a report, your information may be shared with the underwriters of that document. Finished Privacy Policy
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 4 April 2017 by Military News Global Outlook for Antidiabetics Market by Key Trends and Analysis 2023 Albany, NY — (SBWIRE) — 04/04/2017 — The anti-diabetics market includes drugs, which are used for treatment of diabetes mellitus and are also known as oral hypoglycemic/antihyperglycemic agents. The anti-diabetics market has grown tremendously in recent years with increasing prevalence of diabetes mellitus. Thus, systemic therapies for diabetes have become the focal point of attention due to the burgeoning diabetic population size, with diabetes affecting middle age groups and children across all income groups globally. The anti-diabetics market has been segmented based on type of drug class into biguanides (metformin), sulfonylureas (glimepiride), meglitinides (repaglinide), thiazolidinediones (pioglitazone), dipeptidyl peptidase IV (DPP-IV) inhibitors (sitagliptin), and ?-glucosidase inhibitors (acarbose). Obtain Report Details @ http://www.transparencymarketresearch.com/antidiabetics-market.html Among these drug classes, Biguanides act directly against insulin resistance. Sulfonylureas (SUs) were the earliest drug classes in the market for treatment of diabetes and have a significant market presence. ?-glucosidase inhibitors delay postprandial glucose absorption by hydrolysis of disaccharide is into monosaccharide’s in the small intestine. Meglitinides are prandial insulin releasers that stimulate rapid insulin secretion. The thiazolidinediones are insulin-sensitizing drugs, which improve whole-body insulin sensitivity through gene regulation. DPP-IV inhibitors make a significant impact on glucose tolerance and make lasting improvements in the health outcomes of diabetic patients. Some of the major drivers and opportunities for growth of this market include drug combinations of several agents such as sitagliptin and metformin and other drug combinations that are in different stages of clinical and pipeline development. Increase in the prevalence of diabetes and new product launches by major pharmaceutical companies re some of the key drivers for growth in this market. In 2015, Boehringer Ingelheim GmbH launched two new drugs (Synjardy & Glyxambi)for treatment of diabetes mellitus type II. Some of the key opportunities for the antidiabetics include a strong pipeline for antidiabetics and entry of new players in the market, for instance, Novo Nordisk’s diabetes drug’s Tresiba, and Ryzodeg received FDA approval in September 2015. Moreover, Boehringer Ingelheim GmbH has a strong pipeline for anti-diabetic drugs, such as Linagliptin which is a dipeptidyl peptidase (DPP) 4 inhibitor) for patients suffering from diabetes mellitus type II and high cardiovascular risk. However, despite the availability of numerous branded antidiabetic drugs, many of these drugs have lost patent protection. In the wake of huge pressures from government and regulatory authorities, which have banned top selling drugs in various countries, in order to promote generic drugs at lower costs for diabetic patients. For instance, Mankind Pharma, launched anti-diabeticDynaglipt (Teneligliptin) under the drug class DPP-4 inhibitors in November 2015 in India targeting the middle to low income diabetic patient population. As a result, the volume of antidiabetics is expected to shift to first generation drugs and other generic drugs in the market. Moreover, there is a huge unmet medical need for antidiabetics that can treat multiple chronic disorderscoexisting with diabetessuch as cardiovascular diseases, dyslipidemia, hypertension etc. Another major restraint in the antidiabetics market is reduction in the efficacy of drugs over a period and canlead to other health complications. Some of the major players in the market include Astra Zeneca plc, Boehringer Ingelheim GmbH, Eli Lilly & Co., Johnson & Johnson, Mankind Pharma Ltd., Merck & Co. Inc., Novartis AG, Novo Nordisk A/S, SanofiS.A., and Teva Pharmaceutical Industries Ltd. Fill the form for an exclusive sample of this report @ http://www.transparencymarketresearch.com/sample/sample.php?flag=B&rep_id=8809 About Transparency Market Research Transparency Market Research (TMR) is a market intelligence company, providing global business information reports and services. Our exclusive blend of quantitative forecasting and trends analysis provides forward-looking insight for thousands of decision makers. We have an experienced team of Analysts, Researchers, and Consultants, who us e proprietary data sources and various tools and techniques to gather, and analyze information. Our business offerings represent the latest and the most reliable information indispensable for businesses to sustain a competitive edge. Each TMR Syndicated Research report covers a different sector – such as pharmaceuticals, chemical, energy, food & beverages, semiconductors, med-devices, consumer goods and technology. These reports provide in-depth analysis and deep segmentation to possible micro levels. With wider scope and stratified research methodology, our syndicated reports thrive to provide clients to serve their overall research requirement. Contact Transparency Market Research 90 State Street, Suite 700 Albany, NY 12207 Tel: +1-518-618-1030 USA – Canada Toll Free: 866-552-3453 Email: sales@transparencymarketresearch.com Website: http://www.transparencymarketresearch.com Browse market research blog: https://tmrresearch.blogspot.com/ CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Global Rabies Treatment Market by Analysis of Major Industry Segments 2016 – 2023 Next PostNext Lymphoma Treatments Market – Global Industry Analysis and Forecast 2015 – 2023 Search Recent Posts Cidofovir Market Key Players, Product and Production Information analysis and forecast by 2022 Avastin Market Sales, Size, Growth Drivers, Opportunities, Industry Trends and Forecast by 2022 Heavy Construction Equipment Market Analysis and Growth Forecast by Regions, Type and Application to 2021 Transdermal Patch Market Forecast by 2022: Top Companies, Trends & Growth Factors and Detail Analysis for Business Development Vinasse Market Research Key Players, Industry Overview, Supply Chain and Analysis to 2017 – 2021 Business Contacts Business Directory Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 4 April 2017 by Military News Angiotensin Converting Enzyme Inhibitors Market is expected to reach USD 11,094.6 Mn by 2023, expanding at a CAGR of (0.5%) from 2016 to 2023: Credence Research “CR Logo” Credenceresearch.com has announced the addition of “Global Angiotensin Converting Enzyme (ACE) Inhibitors Market – Growth, Future Prospects, Competitive Analysis, and Forecast 2016 – 2023” Market Research Report to their Database. The latest market report published by Credence Research, Inc. “Global Angiotensin Converting Enzyme (ACE) Inhibitors Market – Growth, Share, Opportunities, Competitive Analysis, and Forecast, 2016 – 2022,” the angiotensin converting enzyme (ACE) inhibitors market was valued at USD 11,477.1 Mn in 2015, and is expected to reach USD 11,094.6 Mn by 2023, expanding at a CAGR of (0.5%) from 2016 to 2023. Browse the full report Angiotensin Converting Enzyme (ACE) Inhibitors Market – Growth, Share, Opportunities, Competitive Analysis, and Forecast, 2016 – 2023 at http://www.credenceresearch.com/report/angiotensin-converting-enzyme-ace-inhibitors-market Market Insights ACE inhibitors are class of drugs (angiotensin-converting enzyme inhibitors) that block the conversion of angiotensin I to angiotensin II, used in the treatment of hypertension and congestive heart failure and in the prevention of microvascular complications of diabetes mellitus. According to World Health Organization (WHO), globally cardiovascular disease accounts for approximately 17 million deaths a year, nearly one third of the total. Of these, complications of hypertension account for 9.4 million deaths worldwide every year ACE inhibitors market is segmented on the basis of application and type of drug. The type of drug segment comprises of benazepril, captopril, enalapril, fosinopril, lisinopril, moexipril,perindopril, quinapril, ramipril, trandolapril, and combination ACE inhibitors. All ACE inhibitors bind to tissue and plasma protein. Whereas free drug is eliminated relatively rapidly by the kidney predominantly by glomerular filtration, binding to tissue sites means that the plasma concentration-time profile shows a long lasting terminal elimination phase. The prototype ACE inhibitor, captopril, is absorbed and eliminated rapidly. Enalapril, like most of the later ACE inhibitors, is an inactive pro-drug that requires hydrolysis during or after absorption to generate the active acid form, enalaprilat. Lisinopril is an analogue of enalapril and is itself active. Geography segmentation of ACE inhibitors comprised regions such as North America, Europe, Asia Pacific, Latin America, Middle East and Africa. Each geography market is further split to provide market revenue for select countries such as the U.S., Canada, U.K. Germany, China, Japan, Brazil, and GCC countries. North America was observed as the largest regional market for ACE inhibitors market. North America constitutes regional markets of U.S. and Canada, the rising prevalence of cardiovascular and kidney diseases, mounting obesity in the population and supportive reimbursement policies are the key drivers for periodical growth of ACE inhibitors market in this region. The developed healthcare infrastructure, and high public awareness related to diagnosis, treatment and management of lifestyle diseases are the key factors assisting the growth of North America ACE inhibitors market. Market Competition Assessment: The ACE inhibitors market is observed as the most diversified and competitive market comprising large number of players.  The market is dominated by several players, depending on their major competencies. The key players in this market are Abbott Laboratories, Pfizer, Inc., Novartis AG, Merck & Co., Astra Zeneca plc, Jhonson and Johnson Limited, Eli Lilly and Company, Sanofi SA, Bristol-Myers Squibb Company, Bayer AG, GlaxoSmithKline plc, Teva Pharmaceutical Industries Ltd., and others. Key Market Movements: Lisinopril and ramipril are most popular than comparable drugs due to dosage convenience, good insurance coverage, and higher efficiency along with low side-effects The rising prevalence of hypertension and diabetes, and high public awareness related with early diagnosis and management of these disorders are the key factors assisting the overall ACE inhibitors market Chronic kidney disorders application segment was observed as the fastest moving segment in overall ACE inhibitors market throughout the forecast period Browse the full report Angiotensin Converting Enzyme (ACE) Inhibitors Market – Growth, Share, Opportunities, Competitive Analysis, and Forecast, 2016 – 2023 at http://www.credenceresearch.com/report/angiotensin-converting-enzyme-ace-inhibitors-market About Us: Credence Research is a worldwide market research and counseling firm that serves driving organizations, governments, non-legislative associations, and not-for-benefits. We offer our customers some assistance with making enduring enhancements to their execution and understand their most imperative objectives. Over almost a century, we’ve manufactured a firm extraordinarily prepared to this task. Request Sample: http://www.credenceresearch.com/sample-request/58053 Blog: http://globalpharmaindustry.com/2017/04/04/angiotensin-converting-enzyme-ace-inhibitors-market-industry-size-volume-forecast-opportunities-competitive-landscape-outlook-forecast-2016-2024/ Company: http://www.credenceresearch.com Media Contact Company Name: Credence Research, Inc Contact Person: Chris Smith, Global Sales Manager Email: sales@credenceresearch.com Phone: +1-800-361-8290 Address:105 N 1st ST #429, SAN JOSE, CA 95103 US City: SAN JOSE State: California Country: United States Website: http://www.credenceresearch.com/report/angiotensin-converting-enzyme-ace-inhibitors-market CategoriesUncategorized TagsBusiness, Pharmaceuticals & Biotech, UK, World Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Largest Network of Christian Business Advisory Groups Expands in Atlanta Next PostNext Restoration USA Now Offering Free Leak Detection Services Posted on 4 April 2017 by Military News Angiotensin Converting Enzyme Inhibitors Market is expected to reach USD 11,094.6 Mn by 2023, expanding at a CAGR of (0.5%) from 2016 to 2023: Credence Research “CR Logo” Credenceresearch.com has announced the addition of “Global Angiotensin Converting Enzyme (ACE) Inhibitors Market – Growth, Future Prospects, Competitive Analysis, and Forecast 2016 – 2023” Market Research Report to their Database. The latest market report published by Credence Research, Inc. “Global Angiotensin Converting Enzyme (ACE) Inhibitors Market – Growth, Share, Opportunities, Competitive Analysis, and Forecast, 2016 – 2022,” the angiotensin converting enzyme (ACE) inhibitors market was valued at USD 11,477.1 Mn in 2015, and is expected to reach USD 11,094.6 Mn by 2023, expanding at a CAGR of (0.5%) from 2016 to 2023. Browse the full report Angiotensin Converting Enzyme (ACE) Inhibitors Market – Growth, Share, Opportunities, Competitive Analysis, and Forecast, 2016 – 2023 at http://www.credenceresearch.com/report/angiotensin-converting-enzyme-ace-inhibitors-market Market Insights ACE inhibitors are class of drugs (angiotensin-converting enzyme inhibitors) that block the conversion of angiotensin I to angiotensin II, used in the treatment of hypertension and congestive heart failure and in the prevention of microvascular complications of diabetes mellitus. According to World Health Organization (WHO), globally cardiovascular disease accounts for approximately 17 million deaths a year, nearly one third of the total. Of these, complications of hypertension account for 9.4 million deaths worldwide every year ACE inhibitors market is segmented on the basis of application and type of drug. The type of drug segment comprises of benazepril, captopril, enalapril, fosinopril, lisinopril, moexipril,perindopril, quinapril, ramipril, trandolapril, and combination ACE inhibitors. All ACE inhibitors bind to tissue and plasma protein. Whereas free drug is eliminated relatively rapidly by the kidney predominantly by glomerular filtration, binding to tissue sites means that the plasma concentration-time profile shows a long lasting terminal elimination phase. The prototype ACE inhibitor, captopril, is absorbed and eliminated rapidly. Enalapril, like most of the later ACE inhibitors, is an inactive pro-drug that requires hydrolysis during or after absorption to generate the active acid form, enalaprilat. Lisinopril is an analogue of enalapril and is itself active. Geography segmentation of ACE inhibitors comprised regions such as North America, Europe, Asia Pacific, Latin America, Middle East and Africa. Each geography market is further split to provide market revenue for select countries such as the U.S., Canada, U.K. Germany, China, Japan, Brazil, and GCC countries. North America was observed as the largest regional market for ACE inhibitors market. North America constitutes regional markets of U.S. and Canada, the rising prevalence of cardiovascular and kidney diseases, mounting obesity in the population and supportive reimbursement policies are the key drivers for periodical growth of ACE inhibitors market in this region. The developed healthcare infrastructure, and high public awareness related to diagnosis, treatment and management of lifestyle diseases are the key factors assisting the growth of North America ACE inhibitors market. Market Competition Assessment: The ACE inhibitors market is observed as the most diversified and competitive market comprising large number of players.  The market is dominated by several players, depending on their major competencies. The key players in this market are Abbott Laboratories, Pfizer, Inc., Novartis AG, Merck & Co., Astra Zeneca plc, Jhonson and Johnson Limited, Eli Lilly and Company, Sanofi SA, Bristol-Myers Squibb Company, Bayer AG, GlaxoSmithKline plc, Teva Pharmaceutical Industries Ltd., and others. Key Market Movements: Lisinopril and ramipril are most popular than comparable drugs due to dosage convenience, good insurance coverage, and higher efficiency along with low side-effects The rising prevalence of hypertension and diabetes, and high public awareness related with early diagnosis and management of these disorders are the key factors assisting the overall ACE inhibitors market Chronic kidney disorders application segment was observed as the fastest moving segment in overall ACE inhibitors market throughout the forecast period Browse the full report Angiotensin Converting Enzyme (ACE) Inhibitors Market – Growth, Share, Opportunities, Competitive Analysis, and Forecast, 2016 – 2023 at http://www.credenceresearch.com/report/angiotensin-converting-enzyme-ace-inhibitors-market About Us: Credence Research is a worldwide market research and counseling firm that serves driving organizations, governments, non-legislative associations, and not-for-benefits. We offer our customers some assistance with making enduring enhancements to their execution and understand their most imperative objectives. Over almost a century, we’ve manufactured a firm extraordinarily prepared to this task. Request Sample: http://www.credenceresearch.com/sample-request/58053 Blog: http://globalpharmaindustry.com/2017/04/04/angiotensin-converting-enzyme-ace-inhibitors-market-industry-size-volume-forecast-opportunities-competitive-landscape-outlook-forecast-2016-2024/ Company: http://www.credenceresearch.com Media Contact Company Name: Credence Research, Inc Contact Person: Chris Smith, Global Sales Manager Email: sales@credenceresearch.com Phone: +1-800-361-8290 Address:105 N 1st ST #429, SAN JOSE, CA 95103 US City: SAN JOSE State: California Country: United States Website: http://www.credenceresearch.com/report/angiotensin-converting-enzyme-ace-inhibitors-market CategoriesUncategorized TagsBusiness, Pharmaceuticals & Biotech, UK, World Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Largest Network of Christian Business Advisory Groups Expands in Atlanta Next PostNext Restoration USA Now Offering Free Leak Detection Services Posted on 4 April 2017 by Military News Angiotensin Converting Enzyme Inhibitors Market is expected to reach USD 11,094.6 Mn by 2023, expanding at a CAGR of (0.5%) from 2016 to 2023: Credence Research “CR Logo” Credenceresearch.com has announced the addition of “Global Angiotensin Converting Enzyme (ACE) Inhibitors Market – Growth, Future Prospects, Competitive Analysis, and Forecast 2016 – 2023” Market Research Report to their Database. The latest market report published by Credence Research, Inc. “Global Angiotensin Converting Enzyme (ACE) Inhibitors Market – Growth, Share, Opportunities, Competitive Analysis, and Forecast, 2016 – 2022,” the angiotensin converting enzyme (ACE) inhibitors market was valued at USD 11,477.1 Mn in 2015, and is expected to reach USD 11,094.6 Mn by 2023, expanding at a CAGR of (0.5%) from 2016 to 2023. Browse the full report Angiotensin Converting Enzyme (ACE) Inhibitors Market – Growth, Share, Opportunities, Competitive Analysis, and Forecast, 2016 – 2023 at http://www.credenceresearch.com/report/angiotensin-converting-enzyme-ace-inhibitors-market Market Insights ACE inhibitors are class of drugs (angiotensin-converting enzyme inhibitors) that block the conversion of angiotensin I to angiotensin II, used in the treatment of hypertension and congestive heart failure and in the prevention of microvascular complications of diabetes mellitus. According to World Health Organization (WHO), globally cardiovascular disease accounts for approximately 17 million deaths a year, nearly one third of the total. Of these, complications of hypertension account for 9.4 million deaths worldwide every year ACE inhibitors market is segmented on the basis of application and type of drug. The type of drug segment comprises of benazepril, captopril, enalapril, fosinopril, lisinopril, moexipril,perindopril, quinapril, ramipril, trandolapril, and combination ACE inhibitors. All ACE inhibitors bind to tissue and plasma protein. Whereas free drug is eliminated relatively rapidly by the kidney predominantly by glomerular filtration, binding to tissue sites means that the plasma concentration-time profile shows a long lasting terminal elimination phase. The prototype ACE inhibitor, captopril, is absorbed and eliminated rapidly. Enalapril, like most of the later ACE inhibitors, is an inactive pro-drug that requires hydrolysis during or after absorption to generate the active acid form, enalaprilat. Lisinopril is an analogue of enalapril and is itself active. Geography segmentation of ACE inhibitors comprised regions such as North America, Europe, Asia Pacific, Latin America, Middle East and Africa. Each geography market is further split to provide market revenue for select countries such as the U.S., Canada, U.K. Germany, China, Japan, Brazil, and GCC countries. North America was observed as the largest regional market for ACE inhibitors market. North America constitutes regional markets of U.S. and Canada, the rising prevalence of cardiovascular and kidney diseases, mounting obesity in the population and supportive reimbursement policies are the key drivers for periodical growth of ACE inhibitors market in this region. The developed healthcare infrastructure, and high public awareness related to diagnosis, treatment and management of lifestyle diseases are the key factors assisting the growth of North America ACE inhibitors market. Market Competition Assessment: The ACE inhibitors market is observed as the most diversified and competitive market comprising large number of players.  The market is dominated by several players, depending on their major competencies. The key players in this market are Abbott Laboratories, Pfizer, Inc., Novartis AG, Merck & Co., Astra Zeneca plc, Jhonson and Johnson Limited, Eli Lilly and Company, Sanofi SA, Bristol-Myers Squibb Company, Bayer AG, GlaxoSmithKline plc, Teva Pharmaceutical Industries Ltd., and others. Key Market Movements: Lisinopril and ramipril are most popular than comparable drugs due to dosage convenience, good insurance coverage, and higher efficiency along with low side-effects The rising prevalence of hypertension and diabetes, and high public awareness related with early diagnosis and management of these disorders are the key factors assisting the overall ACE inhibitors market Chronic kidney disorders application segment was observed as the fastest moving segment in overall ACE inhibitors market throughout the forecast period Browse the full report Angiotensin Converting Enzyme (ACE) Inhibitors Market – Growth, Share, Opportunities, Competitive Analysis, and Forecast, 2016 – 2023 at http://www.credenceresearch.com/report/angiotensin-converting-enzyme-ace-inhibitors-market About Us: Credence Research is a worldwide market research and counseling firm that serves driving organizations, governments, non-legislative associations, and not-for-benefits. We offer our customers some assistance with making enduring enhancements to their execution and understand their most imperative objectives. Over almost a century, we’ve manufactured a firm extraordinarily prepared to this task. Request Sample: http://www.credenceresearch.com/sample-request/58053 Blog: http://globalpharmaindustry.com/2017/04/04/angiotensin-converting-enzyme-ace-inhibitors-market-industry-size-volume-forecast-opportunities-competitive-landscape-outlook-forecast-2016-2024/ Company: http://www.credenceresearch.com Media Contact Company Name: Credence Research, Inc Contact Person: Chris Smith, Global Sales Manager Email: sales@credenceresearch.com Phone: +1-800-361-8290 Address:105 N 1st ST #429, SAN JOSE, CA 95103 US City: SAN JOSE State: California Country: United States Website: http://www.credenceresearch.com/report/angiotensin-converting-enzyme-ace-inhibitors-market CategoriesUncategorized TagsBusiness, Pharmaceuticals & Biotech, UK, World Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Largest Network of Christian Business Advisory Groups Expands in Atlanta Next PostNext Restoration USA Now Offering Free Leak Detection Services Posted on 4 April 2017 by Military News Angiotensin Converting Enzyme Inhibitors Market is expected to reach USD 11,094.6 Mn by 2023, expanding at a CAGR of (0.5%) from 2016 to 2023: Credence Research “CR Logo” Credenceresearch.com has announced the addition of “Global Angiotensin Converting Enzyme (ACE) Inhibitors Market – Growth, Future Prospects, Competitive Analysis, and Forecast 2016 – 2023” Market Research Report to their Database. The latest market report published by Credence Research, Inc. “Global Angiotensin Converting Enzyme (ACE) Inhibitors Market – Growth, Share, Opportunities, Competitive Analysis, and Forecast, 2016 – 2022,” the angiotensin converting enzyme (ACE) inhibitors market was valued at USD 11,477.1 Mn in 2015, and is expected to reach USD 11,094.6 Mn by 2023, expanding at a CAGR of (0.5%) from 2016 to 2023. Browse the full report Angiotensin Converting Enzyme (ACE) Inhibitors Market – Growth, Share, Opportunities, Competitive Analysis, and Forecast, 2016 – 2023 at http://www.credenceresearch.com/report/angiotensin-converting-enzyme-ace-inhibitors-market Market Insights ACE inhibitors are class of drugs (angiotensin-converting enzyme inhibitors) that block the conversion of angiotensin I to angiotensin II, used in the treatment of hypertension and congestive heart failure and in the prevention of microvascular complications of diabetes mellitus. According to World Health Organization (WHO), globally cardiovascular disease accounts for approximately 17 million deaths a year, nearly one third of the total. Of these, complications of hypertension account for 9.4 million deaths worldwide every year ACE inhibitors market is segmented on the basis of application and type of drug. The type of drug segment comprises of benazepril, captopril, enalapril, fosinopril, lisinopril, moexipril,perindopril, quinapril, ramipril, trandolapril, and combination ACE inhibitors. All ACE inhibitors bind to tissue and plasma protein. Whereas free drug is eliminated relatively rapidly by the kidney predominantly by glomerular filtration, binding to tissue sites means that the plasma concentration-time profile shows a long lasting terminal elimination phase. The prototype ACE inhibitor, captopril, is absorbed and eliminated rapidly. Enalapril, like most of the later ACE inhibitors, is an inactive pro-drug that requires hydrolysis during or after absorption to generate the active acid form, enalaprilat. Lisinopril is an analogue of enalapril and is itself active. Geography segmentation of ACE inhibitors comprised regions such as North America, Europe, Asia Pacific, Latin America, Middle East and Africa. Each geography market is further split to provide market revenue for select countries such as the U.S., Canada, U.K. Germany, China, Japan, Brazil, and GCC countries. North America was observed as the largest regional market for ACE inhibitors market. North America constitutes regional markets of U.S. and Canada, the rising prevalence of cardiovascular and kidney diseases, mounting obesity in the population and supportive reimbursement policies are the key drivers for periodical growth of ACE inhibitors market in this region. The developed healthcare infrastructure, and high public awareness related to diagnosis, treatment and management of lifestyle diseases are the key factors assisting the growth of North America ACE inhibitors market. Market Competition Assessment: The ACE inhibitors market is observed as the most diversified and competitive market comprising large number of players.  The market is dominated by several players, depending on their major competencies. The key players in this market are Abbott Laboratories, Pfizer, Inc., Novartis AG, Merck & Co., Astra Zeneca plc, Jhonson and Johnson Limited, Eli Lilly and Company, Sanofi SA, Bristol-Myers Squibb Company, Bayer AG, GlaxoSmithKline plc, Teva Pharmaceutical Industries Ltd., and others. Key Market Movements: Lisinopril and ramipril are most popular than comparable drugs due to dosage convenience, good insurance coverage, and higher efficiency along with low side-effects The rising prevalence of hypertension and diabetes, and high public awareness related with early diagnosis and management of these disorders are the key factors assisting the overall ACE inhibitors market Chronic kidney disorders application segment was observed as the fastest moving segment in overall ACE inhibitors market throughout the forecast period Browse the full report Angiotensin Converting Enzyme (ACE) Inhibitors Market – Growth, Share, Opportunities, Competitive Analysis, and Forecast, 2016 – 2023 at http://www.credenceresearch.com/report/angiotensin-converting-enzyme-ace-inhibitors-market About Us: Credence Research is a worldwide market research and counseling firm that serves driving organizations, governments, non-legislative associations, and not-for-benefits. We offer our customers some assistance with making enduring enhancements to their execution and understand their most imperative objectives. Over almost a century, we’ve manufactured a firm extraordinarily prepared to this task. Request Sample: http://www.credenceresearch.com/sample-request/58053 Blog: http://globalpharmaindustry.com/2017/04/04/angiotensin-converting-enzyme-ace-inhibitors-market-industry-size-volume-forecast-opportunities-competitive-landscape-outlook-forecast-2016-2024/ Company: http://www.credenceresearch.com Media Contact Company Name: Credence Research, Inc Contact Person: Chris Smith, Global Sales Manager Email: sales@credenceresearch.com Phone: +1-800-361-8290 Address:105 N 1st ST #429, SAN JOSE, CA 95103 US City: SAN JOSE State: California Country: United States Website: http://www.credenceresearch.com/report/angiotensin-converting-enzyme-ace-inhibitors-market CategoriesUncategorized TagsBusiness, Pharmaceuticals & Biotech, UK, World Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Largest Network of Christian Business Advisory Groups Expands in Atlanta Next PostNext Restoration USA Now Offering Free Leak Detection Services Posted on 4 April 2017 by Military News Angiotensin Converting Enzyme Inhibitors Market is expected to reach USD 11,094.6 Mn by 2023, expanding at a CAGR of (0.5%) from 2016 to 2023: Credence Research “CR Logo” Credenceresearch.com has announced the addition of “Global Angiotensin Converting Enzyme (ACE) Inhibitors Market – Growth, Future Prospects, Competitive Analysis, and Forecast 2016 – 2023” Market Research Report to their Database. The latest market report published by Credence Research, Inc. “Global Angiotensin Converting Enzyme (ACE) Inhibitors Market – Growth, Share, Opportunities, Competitive Analysis, and Forecast, 2016 – 2022,” the angiotensin converting enzyme (ACE) inhibitors market was valued at USD 11,477.1 Mn in 2015, and is expected to reach USD 11,094.6 Mn by 2023, expanding at a CAGR of (0.5%) from 2016 to 2023. Browse the full report Angiotensin Converting Enzyme (ACE) Inhibitors Market – Growth, Share, Opportunities, Competitive Analysis, and Forecast, 2016 – 2023 at http://www.credenceresearch.com/report/angiotensin-converting-enzyme-ace-inhibitors-market Market Insights ACE inhibitors are class of drugs (angiotensin-converting enzyme inhibitors) that block the conversion of angiotensin I to angiotensin II, used in the treatment of hypertension and congestive heart failure and in the prevention of microvascular complications of diabetes mellitus. According to World Health Organization (WHO), globally cardiovascular disease accounts for approximately 17 million deaths a year, nearly one third of the total. Of these, complications of hypertension account for 9.4 million deaths worldwide every year ACE inhibitors market is segmented on the basis of application and type of drug. The type of drug segment comprises of benazepril, captopril, enalapril, fosinopril, lisinopril, moexipril,perindopril, quinapril, ramipril, trandolapril, and combination ACE inhibitors. All ACE inhibitors bind to tissue and plasma protein. Whereas free drug is eliminated relatively rapidly by the kidney predominantly by glomerular filtration, binding to tissue sites means that the plasma concentration-time profile shows a long lasting terminal elimination phase. The prototype ACE inhibitor, captopril, is absorbed and eliminated rapidly. Enalapril, like most of the later ACE inhibitors, is an inactive pro-drug that requires hydrolysis during or after absorption to generate the active acid form, enalaprilat. Lisinopril is an analogue of enalapril and is itself active. Geography segmentation of ACE inhibitors comprised regions such as North America, Europe, Asia Pacific, Latin America, Middle East and Africa. Each geography market is further split to provide market revenue for select countries such as the U.S., Canada, U.K. Germany, China, Japan, Brazil, and GCC countries. North America was observed as the largest regional market for ACE inhibitors market. North America constitutes regional markets of U.S. and Canada, the rising prevalence of cardiovascular and kidney diseases, mounting obesity in the population and supportive reimbursement policies are the key drivers for periodical growth of ACE inhibitors market in this region. The developed healthcare infrastructure, and high public awareness related to diagnosis, treatment and management of lifestyle diseases are the key factors assisting the growth of North America ACE inhibitors market. Market Competition Assessment: The ACE inhibitors market is observed as the most diversified and competitive market comprising large number of players.  The market is dominated by several players, depending on their major competencies. The key players in this market are Abbott Laboratories, Pfizer, Inc., Novartis AG, Merck & Co., Astra Zeneca plc, Jhonson and Johnson Limited, Eli Lilly and Company, Sanofi SA, Bristol-Myers Squibb Company, Bayer AG, GlaxoSmithKline plc, Teva Pharmaceutical Industries Ltd., and others. Key Market Movements: Lisinopril and ramipril are most popular than comparable drugs due to dosage convenience, good insurance coverage, and higher efficiency along with low side-effects The rising prevalence of hypertension and diabetes, and high public awareness related with early diagnosis and management of these disorders are the key factors assisting the overall ACE inhibitors market Chronic kidney disorders application segment was observed as the fastest moving segment in overall ACE inhibitors market throughout the forecast period Browse the full report Angiotensin Converting Enzyme (ACE) Inhibitors Market – Growth, Share, Opportunities, Competitive Analysis, and Forecast, 2016 – 2023 at http://www.credenceresearch.com/report/angiotensin-converting-enzyme-ace-inhibitors-market About Us: Credence Research is a worldwide market research and counseling firm that serves driving organizations, governments, non-legislative associations, and not-for-benefits. We offer our customers some assistance with making enduring enhancements to their execution and understand their most imperative objectives. Over almost a century, we’ve manufactured a firm extraordinarily prepared to this task. Request Sample: http://www.credenceresearch.com/sample-request/58053 Blog: http://globalpharmaindustry.com/2017/04/04/angiotensin-converting-enzyme-ace-inhibitors-market-industry-size-volume-forecast-opportunities-competitive-landscape-outlook-forecast-2016-2024/ Company: http://www.credenceresearch.com Media Contact Company Name: Credence Research, Inc Contact Person: Chris Smith, Global Sales Manager Email: sales@credenceresearch.com Phone: +1-800-361-8290 Address:105 N 1st ST #429, SAN JOSE, CA 95103 US City: SAN JOSE State: California Country: United States Website: http://www.credenceresearch.com/report/angiotensin-converting-enzyme-ace-inhibitors-market CategoriesUncategorized TagsBusiness, Pharmaceuticals & Biotech, UK, World Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Largest Network of Christian Business Advisory Groups Expands in Atlanta Next PostNext Restoration USA Now Offering Free Leak Detection Services Search Recent Posts Visit NEO Tech at BIOMEDevice Boston to Learn about Its MedTech Expertise Omnichannel Customer Experience Drives Growth Opportunities in the Asia-Pacific Contact Center Application Market Varicose Veins Competitive Pipeline Landscape by Monotherapy and Combination Therapy Products Managed File Transfer Software Industry 2022: Driving Force, Growth Opportunities, Strategies, Competitive Landscape by Regions and Top Manufacturers (IBM, Axway, Hightail) Global IC Card Management System Market Trends, Top Key Manufacturers (Censtar, Prospect), Industry Growth Analysis & Forecast: 2022 Business Directory Business Contacts Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 4 April 2017 by Military News Cancer Immunotherapy Market: Opportunities and Forecasts, 2016 – 2024 Albany, NY — (SBWIRE) — 04/04/2017 — Global Cancer Immunotherapy Market: Overview The growing incidences of cancer and a need to treat them is the key driver of the global immunotherapy market. The number of deaths occurring due to cancer is increasing every year and has therefore forced government bodies to take initiatives for the improvement of the health conditions of people, by investing heavily in research and development and enabling innovation and advancements in technology so as to offer improved treatments. This has pushed the growth of the global cancer immunotherapy therapy. As immunotherapy therapy has a higher success rate and proven efficiency over conventional treatment methods for cancer, its demand is higher and therefore, the market is expected to witness a remarkable growth over the coming years. The treatment pipeline looks promising and is thus, expected to ensure a healthy growth of the market. Download Exclusive Brochure of This Report: http://www.transparencymarketresearch.com/sample/sample.php?flag=B&rep_id=4312 The report offers forecasts of the overall cancer immunotherapy market over the global level as well as on regional levels. The estimated size of each of the segments and sub-segments has also been given in the report. Macroeconomic indicators, drivers, and restraints impacting the global cancer immunotherapy market have been included along with their impact on each region. Current challenges met by players in the cancer immunotherapy market have been elaborated on, thus giving a brief idea to readers and investors the problems they may encounter while investing in the competitive market. Global Cancer Immunotherapy Market: Trends and Drivers The global cancer immunotherapy market is expected to hold promising growth as there lies immense scope for improvement and development. The increasing number of clinical trials held particularly in immunotherapy is expected to boost the market’s growth. With the recognition from various medical bodies as the foremost line of therapy over conventional chemotherapy, cancer immunotherapy is estimated to hold immense potential and growth opportunity in the coming years. However, factors such as high attrition rates during product development phase are anticipated to restrict the growth of the market. Also, an overall lack of awareness about immunotherapy being a better treatment option will impede the growth of the market. The high cost of clinical trials poses a challenge for players in the market. With many types and subtypes of cancer, having a single mode of treatment method is impossible, increasing the attrition rates of new drugs and treatments. Only a handful of contenders in the pipeline pass through the phase III trials and the rest are considered to be inefficient. This is yet another challenge faced by players in the market. Global Cancer Immunotherapy Market: Segmentation On the basis of therapeutic area, the market is segmented into colorectal cancer, lung cancer, breast cancer, melanoma, prostate cancer, and blood cancer. By end users, the global cancer immunotherapy market is segmented into ASC’s (ambulatory surgical centers), hospitals, clinics, and cancer research centers. Hospitals are expected to be the leading segment in the market. On the basis of region, the market is segmented into North America, Europe, Asia-Pacific, Latin America and the Middle East and Africa. Asia Pacific is poised to witness significant growth in the market. Key Players Mentioned in this Report are: The report provides studies key players operating in the market. Some of the key players in the global cancer immunotherapy market are: F.Hoffmann-La Roche Ltd., AstraZenca Plc, Eli Lilly and Company, Amgen, Inc., Bristol-Myers Squibb Company, GlaxoSmithKline Plc., Novartis AG, Pfizer, Inc., Janssen Biotech, Inc., Merck & Co., Inc., Janssen Biotech, Inc., Merck & Co., Inc., Sanofi, Takeda Pharmaceuticals, and Spectrum Pharmaceuticals, Inc. Browse Global Strategic Business Report: http://www.transparencymarketresearch.com/cancer-immunotherapy-market.html The report segments the global cancer immunotherapy market as: By Geography: North America Asia Pacific Europe Rest of the World This report gives you access to decisive data such as: Market growth drivers Factors limiting market growth Current market trends Market structure Market projections for the coming years Key highlights of this report Overview of key market forces propelling and restraining market growth Up-to-date analyses of market trends and technological improvements Pin-point analyses of market competition dynamics to offer you a competitive edge An analysis of strategies of major competitors An array of graphics and SWOT analysis of major industry segments Detailed analyses of industry trends A well-defined technological growth map with an impact-analysis Offers a clear understanding of the competitive landscape and key product segments CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Global Aseptic Packaging Market: Increasing Consumption of Packaged Meals Ups Demand, Says TMR Next PostNext Midvale, UTAH Reason #119 Adam Paul Green (www.IMAdamGreen.com) Vacated a Nano-Cacao MLM Company and Joined the „Rain-International” Team (www.myrainlife.com/g3) was the Black Cumin Seed Efficacy Search Recent Posts Four Oaks Fincorp, Inc. (FOFND: OTCQX U.S. Premier) | Symbol Change Agenix Ltd. (AGXLY: Grey Market) | Deleted Symbol Ezra Holdings, Ltd. (EZRHF: Grey Market) | Symbol Change Cabinet Grow Inc. (CBNTD: OTC Pink Current) | Symbol Change Kenmare Resources Ltd. (KMRPF: Grey Market) | Deleted Symbol Business Directory Business Contacts Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 4 April 2017 by Military News Global Companion Animal Vaccines Market Share by Industry Research 2016 – 2024 Companion Animal Vaccines Market: Overview As sweeping societal changes occur worldwide, the trend of having animals as companions is on the rise. Many lonely aged people, nuclear families, and single persons are choosing to have an animal in their household. Estimates show that in the United States alone, about 62% of all households have a pet. Pet ownership numbers are also rising in other countries worldwide. However, animals are also the carriers of various diseases and infections that could be contracted by humans around them. Likewise, companion animals also stand the risk of contracting infections or diseases from humans around them. Vaccination is thus an important aspect that pet owners are urged not to neglect – for the safety of both the pets and owners alike. The companion animal vaccines market has seen an uptick in revenues in keeping with the growing popularity of keeping pets at home. Regular planned vaccinations are now regarded as being integral to the entire pet rearing and maintenance process. Consequently, the formulation of newer varieties of companion animal vaccines is helping this progress. Companion animal vaccines are administered not just to pets such as dogs, cats, pet reptiles, and the like, but also to livestock. TMR projects a positive outlook for the global companion animal vaccines market in the near future. The market is expected to grow on account of the burgeoning number of pet owners in developing regions as well. The report is a comprehensive compilation of the emergent trends that are projected to palpably impact the future of this market and how companies are responding to this change. Obtain Report Details @ www.transparencymarketresearch.com/companion-animal-vacci… Global Companion Animal Vaccines Market: Key Drivers and Restraints Concerns associated with the rising prevalence of zoonotic diseases and the discovery of new diseases among animals are providing a push to the companion animal vaccines market. Besides this high-impact driver, the market is also gaining from the growing focus on implementing animal welfare initiatives and governments laying more emphasis on keeping animal-related diseases in check. However, developing animal vaccines is a rather lengthy and expensive process – the impact of which can be seen in the form of the high prices that these vaccines command. That puts them beyond the reach of some consumer classes, especially if suitable reimbursement schemes are not available to them. The other factor that is negatively impacting the companion animal vaccines market for livestock is the growing number of vegetarians in the world who may consume dairy products but not meat. Global Companion Animal Vaccines Market: Key Segments The report classifies the global companion animal vaccines market basis the following criteria: diseases, product, and technology. Based on product type, the market is segmented into feline, canine, bovine, and others. Likewise, the diseases for which companion animal vaccines are available include: Rabies, hepatitis, leukemia, and others. By technology used for the development and formulation of the vaccine, the global companion animal vaccines market has been segmented thus: DNA, recombinant, inactivated, toxoid, conjugate, and other vaccines. Considerable research is being undertaken to formulate more effective vaccines with lower price tags. Global Companion Animal Vaccines Market: Regional Outlook The global market for companion animal vaccines has been segmented as follows: Asia Pacific, North America, Europe, and Rest of the World. TMR projects the market to fare well in North America and Europe, where pet ownership numbers as well as meat consumption have been traditionally high. Europe currently accounts for a sizeable share in the global companion animal vaccines market. In Latin American and Asian countries, a new class of affluent consumers is emerging. These consumers are keener on having a companion animal in their household and will thus fuel the global market for companion animal vaccines. The vast population here and the untapped opportunities mean that market players have considerable gains to make by targeting these regions. Top players in the global companion animals market are: Merial Inc. (Sanofi), Bayer Healthcare, Boehringer Ingelheim (Germany), Novartis Animal Health Inc., and Merck Animal Health (U.S). The report offers a comprehensive evaluation of the market. It does so via in-depth qualitative insights, historical data, and verifiable projections about market size. The projections featured in the report have been derived using proven research methodologies and assumptions. By doing so, the research report serves as a repository of analysis and information for every facet of the market, including but not limited to: Regional markets, technology, types, and applications. Fill the form for an exclusive sample of this report @ www.transparencymarketresearch.com/sample/sample.php?flag… About Us Transparency Market Research (TMR) is a market intelligence company, providing global business information reports and services. Our exclusive blend of quantitative forecasting and trends analysis provides forward-looking insight for thousands of decision makers. We have an experienced team of Analysts, Researchers, and Consultants, who us e proprietary data sources and various tools and techniques to gather, and analyze information. Our business offerings represent the latest and the most reliable information indispensable for businesses to sustain a competitive edge. Contact Transparency Market Research 90 State Street, Suite 700 Albany, NY 12207 Tel: +1-518-618-1030 USA – Canada Toll Free: 866-552-3453 Email: sales@transparencymarketresearch.com Website: www.transparencymarketresearch.com Browse market research blog: tmrresearch.blogspot.com/ This release was published on openPR. CategoriesUncategorized TagsHealth & Medicine Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Global Switched Reluctance Motors Industry 2017 Market Trends, Decoration Designs, Growth Factors & Applications : Maccon GmbH,Rongjia Motor,Shandong Desen,Huayang Next PostNext Global Steroid-Corticosteroids Industry 2017 Annual Growth Value, Health Benefits, Reviews & Market Consumption : GlaxoSmithKline,Pfizer,Johnson and Johnson,Astellas Pharma,Merck Search Recent Posts Chromium Silicon Market Productions Supply Sales Demand Market Status and Forecast Research Report 2017 Chromium Silicon Market Productions Supply Sales Demand Market Status and Forecast Research Report 2017 Berkshire Hathaway HomeServices Select Realty Honors Associates Divi Resorts Offers Up to 50% Off Caribbean Travel for Limited-Time Easter Promotion Led2Serve Launches Service Learning Journeys in Washington DC Business Directory Business Contacts Proudly powered by WordPress
View Newsmax Mobile Home   Newsfront   America   Politics   Opinion   The Wire   Fast Features   Lists   Specials   Sci & Tech   Jokes   Subscribe Sponsor Your Online Privacy Is in Jeopardy – Enter Name to See What Site Posts Home | Politics Tags: 2016 Elections | Donald Trump | Paul Ryan | Border Tax Ryan's Border Tax on the Ropes as Trump Ponders Overhaul Plan (AP) Tuesday, 04 Apr 2017 07:29 AM Close  More ways to share... Stumbled LinkedIn Vine Reddit Delicious Newstrust Tell my politician Technocrati Short URL| Email Article| Comment| Contact| Print|     A   A    Donald Trump's surprising election and his promise to overhaul the tax code set off celebrations across corporate America -- but some industries had barely applauded before they began gearing up for a fight. Trump's win gave Republicans control of the U.S. government for the first time in a decade and quickly drew attention to a tax plan that House Speaker Paul Ryan unveiled last summer with little fanfare. Ryan's radical tax-code rewrite would replace the corporate income tax with a 20 percent tax on businesses' domestic sales and imports; their exports would be exempt. Cue the alarm bells for import-heavy companies like Wal-Mart Stores Inc., Target Corp. and Nike Inc. Retailers, apparel-makers, shoemakers, automakers and others unleashed one of their most robust lobbying and public-relations pushes in recent memory against the so-called "border-adjusted" tax. Buttressed by more than 10,000 phone calls to congressional offices, by a parody-style TV ad that aired during "Saturday Night Live" and by a succession of Republicans who've expressed concern about the plan, the opponents' efforts appear to be winning. So far. But the action has now shifted to the White House, which will be "driving the train" on tax legislation, Press Secretary Sean Spicer says. There, the picture gets cloudier; lobbyists on both sides of the border-adjustment tax issue say they're not sure who'll determine the final contents of the administration's plan. "Clearly, the retailers getting out so fast and so aggressively early was" an advantage in lining up congressional opposition to Ryan's plan, said Gordon Gray, director of fiscal policy for the American Action Forum, a right-of-center think tank in Washington. But it's still early, he said, and "unless we know where the White House is going to come down on it, it's hard to say who is winning." Ryan and Representative Kevin Brady, the Texas Republican who chairs the House Ways and Means Committee, have championed the border-adjustment plan as a way to raise revenue that would help finance tax-rate cuts. Independent estimates have said it would raise more than $1 trillion in tax revenue over 10 years. They also say it would help American-made products compete more effectively in overseas markets, while stimulating more domestic manufacturing. Those who oppose the border-adjusted tax say it would lead to higher prices on a range of consumer goods -- though supporters say a strengthening dollar would ultimately even such effects out. Opponents have gained valuable allies in Trump's administration. Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin is said to oppose the border-adjustment concept, as is Gary Cohn, Trump's top economic adviser. Meanwhile, Stephen Bannon, the president's chief strategist who favors an "economic nationalist" approach, is said to favor the proposal. The retailers were aided early when, less than a month into Trump's presidency, they scheduled the chief executive officers of several retail companies to meet with Cohn, the head of the National Economic Council. Cohn elevated the event to a meeting with the president on Feb. 15, at which the border-adjustment plan was discussed, according to people familiar with the meeting. Trump himself hasn't weighed in yet -- and that lack of clarity has left Ryan's plan without much political cover, leaving it open to attack, said Gray of the AAF. The main opposition group, Americans for Affordable Products, debuted on Feb. 1, and now has more than 400 member companies. A flood of CEOs including J.C. Penney haven't been shy about lambasting the border-adjustment proposal. Wall Street analysts have chimed in; the concept "would be a really big hit to some companies," said Scot Ciccarelli of RBC Capital Markets. Retail stocks have declined this year while the overall market hit new heights. "No other issue galvanized the industry like this one," said Brian Dodge, senior executive vice president of public affairs for the Retail Industry Leaders Association, one of the groups leading the opposition. "Until the sponsors declare it dead, we will continue to fight against it." Opposition to border adjustments also came from Americans for Prosperity, the conservative advocacy group founded by billionaire brothers Charles and David Koch. AFP says it has placed more than 10,000 telephone calls to members of Congress and made more than 100 visits to district offices in the past six weeks. The border-adjustment plan has supporters too. One day after the opposition group made its debut, the American Made Coalition was announced. It has fewer than 30 major companies as members -- almost all of them net exporters -- but they include household names like General Electric Co., Caterpillar Inc., and Merck & Co. The supporters say border adjustments would boost domestic manufacturing and reduce incentives for U.S. companies to move jobs overseas. They're planning to launch new ads this month as Congress takes a two-week spring recess. "There's a lot of tax reform debate to be had," said John Gentzel, a spokesman for the supporters' group. He said the border-adjustment measure would create 1.7 million new jobs and boost wages by almost 8 percent. "Meanwhile, the opposition has spent all this time and energy trying to maintain status-quo tax policies that promote foreign-made products over U.S. jobs." Amid the corporate division on the issue, Washington's usual business lobbying has been thrown into disarray. Powerhouses like the U.S. Chamber of Commerce, the American Petroleum Institute and National Association of Manufacturers have been neutral because their memberships are split on the issue. Same for the Business Roundtable. "Regardless of how that issue comes out, you will see the Business Roundtable coming in strongly to help pull reform across the finish line," JPMorgan Chase & Co. CEO Jamie Dimon, who chairs the group, told Bloomberg last month. Wall Street has also mostly stayed quiet on border adjustments because it's not clear how businesses such as trading and lending would be treated under the House GOP plan. Financial industry lobbyists see the proposal as a non-starter in the Senate because of the opposition generated there by the retailers and their allies. "It has proved to be a very controversial issue, particularly on the Senate side where it doesn't look like there is going to be enough support for it," said Mike Sommers, the president of American Investment Council, which represents private equity firms. But all bets are off if the House plan for a border-adjusted tax, or BAT, is defeated and Congress begins looking for other ways to help finance tax cuts -- which might draw any number of other companies into the fray. "If you think the fight over BAT is ugly, just wait -- because what comes next is going to be a much bigger food fight," said Charles Gabriel, president of Capital Alpha Partners, a policy-research group in Washington. "We haven't even begun." © Copyright 2017 Bloomberg News. All rights reserved. Click Here to comment on this article Close  More ways to share... Stumbled LinkedIn Vine Reddit Delicious Newstrust Tell my politician Technocrati Short URL| Email Article| Comment| Contact| Print|     A   A    1Like our page 2Share Share Politics Donald Trump's surprising election and his promise to overhaul the tax code set off celebrations across corporate America -- but some industries had barely applauded before they began gearing up for a fight.... Border Tax 1112 Tuesday, 04 Apr 2017 07:29 AM 2017-29-04 Around The Web Powered by Newsmax Join the Newsmax Community Register To Comment Login To Comment Please review Community Guidelines before posting a comment. Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. blog comments powered by Disqus   Free Newsmax E-Alerts Email: Country: Zip Code: Privacy: We never share your email.   Hot Topics 2016 Elections Donald Trump ISIS/Islamic State Gun Rights Russia More Hot Topics Follow Newsmax Like us on Facebook Follow us on Twitter Follow @Newsmax Add us on Google Plus Around The Web Powered by Newsmax You May Also Like Chicago Suburban Mayor and Trump Backer Has Narrow Vote Lead Tuesday, 04 Apr 2017 23:38 PM A longtime suburban Chicago mayor who aligned himself with President Donald Trump was holding on to a narrow lead late T . . . Sen. Merkley Holds Senate Floor in Gorsuch Filibuster Tuesday, 04 Apr 2017 22:11 PM Liberal Sen. Jeff Merkley is holding the Senate floor in protest of Neil Gorsuch's Supreme Court nomination. . . . Report: Pence, White House Serious About Healthcare Vote Tuesday, 04 Apr 2017 21:59 PM Vice President Mike Pence said Tuesday the White House is serious about a vote on healthcare reform this week, CNN corre . . . More Most Commented Report: Private Citizens in Trump Campaign 'Unmasked' in Nunes Spy Data Friday, 31 Mar 2017 | 1154 comments Once again, the democrats defend obvious and blatant crimes, with clear... Susan Rice on Surveillance: 'I Leaked Nothing to Nobody' Tuesday, 04 Apr 2017 | 971 comments either her grammar has reverted to ghetto or she is parsing"i leaked... Trump Slams Freedom Caucus: 'We Must Fight Them' Thursday, 30 Mar 2017 | 855 comments There's enough people and organizations attacking conservatives without... Obama Adviser Susan Rice Sought Names of Trump Associates in Intel Monday, 03 Apr 2017 | 636 comments I am SO sick of people in DC lying right up to the minute they go to jail!... NBC News: Obama Admin Created List of Russia Probe Docs Friday, 31 Mar 2017 | 498 comments "The purpose get the documents in front of Senate Intelligence Committee... Home   Newsfront   America   Politics   Opinion   The Wire   Fast Features   Lists   Specials   Sci & Tech   Jokes   Subscribe Newsmax, Moneynews, Newsmax Health, and Independent. American. are registered trademarks of Newsmax Media, Inc. Newsmax TV, and Newsmax World are trademarks of Newsmax Media, Inc.   NEWSMAX.COM America's News Page ©  Newsmax Media, Inc. All Rights Reserved Contact | Advertise | Shop | RSS | Archives | Links | Privacy Policy | Terms & Conditions
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 4 April 2017 by satprnews satprnews Viral Clearance Market Research Report: Worldwide Analysis 2017 The Viral Clearance market has been showing a promising upward growth trend in the next 5 years as per the latest Viral Clearance market research report added recently by DecisionDatabases.com. All the players involved in the industry if work strategically, is sure to gain profit from this booming industry. The Viral Clearance industry growth is governed by various factors which are elaborately explored in this study. The regional survey done in the report specifies regions which will show maximum growth till 2022. The report analysts have closely studied the major players of the Viral Clearance market to capture the correct growth trend. The cost, gross margin, and revenues are studied and analyzed across the value chain, thus enriching the reader with qualitative data for planning future strategies. The report studies the historic and current development trends and highlights the expected growth areas. This study is an analytical means to gain a competitive advantage over other competitors. Access the Report and full TOC @ http://www.decisiondatabases.com/ip/12269-viral-clearance-industry-market-report Geographically, this report is segmented into several key Regions, with production, consumption, revenue (million USD), market share and growth rate of Viral Clearance in these regions, from 2012 to 2022 (forecast), covering * North America * Europe * China * Japan * Southeast Asia * India Global Viral Clearance market competition by top manufacturers, with production, price, revenue (value) and market share for each manufacturer; the top players including * Avance Biosciences Inc. * BSL BIOSERVICE * Clean Cells * Charles River Laboratories International * Lonza Group * Merck & Co. * Sigma-Aldrich Corporation * SGS S.A. * Texcell, Inc. * WuXi AppTec Download Free sample Report @ http://www.decisiondatabases.com/contact/download-sample-12269 On the basis of product, this report displays the production, revenue, price, market share and growth rate of each type, primarily split into * Viral Detection Method * Viral Removal Method * Viral Inactivation Method On the basis on the end users/applications, this report focuses on the status and outlook for major applications/end users, consumption (sales), market share and growth rate of Viral Clearance for each application, including * Stem Cell * Blood * Tissue * Cell & Gene Therapy * Other Purchase a copy of Report @ http://www.decisiondatabases.com/contact/buy-now-12269 Table of Contents-Snapshot 1 Market Overview 2 Global Market Competition by Manufacturers 3 Global Production, Revenue (Value) by Region (2011-2016) 4 Global Supply (Production), Consumption, Export, Import by Regions (2011-2016) 5 Global Production, Revenue (Value), Price Trend by Type 6 Global Market Analysis by Application 7 Global Manufacturers Profiles/Analysis 8 Manufacturing Cost Analysis 9 Industrial Chain, Sourcing Strategy and Downstream Buyers 10 Marketing Strategy Analysis, Distributors/Traders 11 Market Effect Factors Analysis 12 Global Market Forecast (2016-2021) 13 Research Findings and Conclusion 14 Appendix View Related Reports @ Global Viral vaccines Consumption 2016 Market Research Report Global Viral vaccines Industry 2016 Market Research Report About Us: DecisionDatabases.com is a global business research reports provider, enriching decision makers and strategists with qualitative statistics. DecisionDatabases.com is proficient in providing syndicated research Report, customized research reports, company profiles and industry databases across multiple domains. Our expert research analysts have been trained to map client’s research requirements to the correct research resource leading to a distinctive edge over its competitors. We provide intellectual, precise and meaningful data at a lightning speed. For More Details: DecisionDatabases.com E-Mail: sales@decisiondatabases.com Phone: +91 99 28 237112 Web: www.decisiondatabases.com/ CategoriesUncategorized TagsGlobal Viral Clearance Market, Google News, Health Care Equipment, Healthcare, Industry Analysis, Industry Size, Latest Trends, Market Forecasts Report, Market Outlook, Market Report, satPRnews, Share, Viral Clearance Market, Viral Clearance Market Report Post navigation Previous PostPrevious The Nigerian Stock Exchange X-Gen News Alert – Great Nigeria Insurance Plc Next PostNext Fast Growing China Spending on Robotics to Reach $59.4 Billion in 2020, According to IDC Search Recent Posts Chromium Silicon Market Productions Supply Sales Demand Market Status and Forecast Research Report 2017 Chromium Silicon Market Productions Supply Sales Demand Market Status and Forecast Research Report 2017 Berkshire Hathaway HomeServices Select Realty Honors Associates Divi Resorts Offers Up to 50% Off Caribbean Travel for Limited-Time Easter Promotion Led2Serve Launches Service Learning Journeys in Washington DC Business Directory Business Contacts Proudly powered by WordPress
Benzinga Benzinga Pro Marketfy Financial Data & APIs Fintech Awards Premarket Prep Membership is Free What are you waiting for? Sign up now! Username: Username available! Username taken! Email: Email available! Email taken! Password: Leave blank: OR Free Account Login Click here to access your premium account Username or email: Password: OR Forgot password?' Looking for ? CLICK HERE Contribute Login Sign up Benzinga - Feed Your Mind. Home Best of Benzinga Careers About Contact Us Partners Benzinga Fintech Awards News Earnings Guidance Dividends M&A Buybacks Legal Interviews Management Retail Sales Offerings IPOs Insider Trades Biotech/FDA Markets Pre-Market After Hours Movers Forex Commodities Options Binary Options Bonds Futures Global Economics Previews Reviews Small-Cap Ratings Analyst Color Downgrades Upgrades Initiations Price Target Ideas Long Ideas Short Ideas Technicals From The Press Jim Cramer Rumors ETFs Tech Start-Ups Fintech Personal Finance Premium Products My Watchlist Market Overview Tickers Articles Keywords Search by keyword...googlecse Syndax Pharmaceuticals Adds Biopharmaceutical Industry Leader Keith A. Katkin to Board of Directors Globe Newswire   {{following ? "Following" : "Follow"}} April 04, 2017 7:00am   Comments Share: WALTHAM, Mass., April 04, 2017 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- Syndax Pharmaceuticals, Inc. ("Syndax," the "Company" or "we") (NASDAQ:SNDX), a clinical stage biopharmaceutical company focused on developing entinostat and SNDX-6352 in multiple cancer indications, today announced the appointment of Keith A. Katkin to its Board of Directors. "Keith is a highly accomplished biopharmaceutical executive with directly relevant experience having led the recent successful transition of Avanir into a fast growing, fully integrated biotech company with a market leading product," said Dennis Podlesak, Chairman of Syndax. "We welcome his addition to the Board and look forward to his insights as Syndax advances its pipeline of innovative therapies towards the goal of delivering important new treatments to the medical community and the patients they serve." "Syndax has a unique set of assets in entinostat and SNDX-6352, with the potential to meaningfully enhance the power of immunotherapy in multiple cancers," said Mr. Katkin. "I look forward to working closely with the Board and management team as we continue to shape an exciting future for Syndax's promising pipeline of cancer therapies, beginning with several important upcoming milestones." Mr. Katkin most recently served as the President and Chief Executive Officer of Avanir Pharmaceuticals, a publicly traded biopharmaceutical company, from March 2007 through January 2016, leading the execution of the company's sale to Otsuka Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd. in 2015. Mr. Katkin joined Avanir in July 2005 as the Senior Vice President of Sales and Marketing and was responsible for developing and executing the corporate strategy that led to the approval of Nuedexta and the company's commercial success. Prior to joining Avanir, Mr. Katkin served as the vice president, Commercial Development for Peninsula Pharmaceuticals, Inc., playing a key role in the concurrent initial public offering and sale of the company to Johnson and Johnson. Additionally, Mr. Katkin's employment experience includes leadership roles at InterMune, Amgen and Abbott Laboratories.   In his role as a Director of Syndax, he will serve on the Audit Committee and the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee of the Board. Mr. Katkin currently serves on the Board of Directors of Avanir Pharmaceuticals, Inc., MC10, Inc., Otic Pharma Ltd. (Chairman), Rigel Pharmaceuticals, Inc., and the Brain Injury Association of America. Mr. Katkin has an M.B.A. from the Anderson School at UCLA and earned his B.S. in Business and Accounting from Indiana University. Mr. Katkin is also a licensed Certified Public Accountant.  The Company also announced that Board member George W. Sledge, Jr., M.D. will transition to the Company's Scientific Advisory Board (SAB). Mr. Podlesak added, "Dr. Sledge has made many significant contributions to our Board and has played a key role in transforming Syndax into an innovative late stage company with a pipeline of combination therapies. We look forward to his continued involvement and leadership on the SAB." About Syndax Pharmaceuticals, Inc. Syndax is a clinical stage biopharmaceutical company focused on developing an innovative pipeline of combination therapies in multiple cancer indications. Our lead product candidate, entinostat, which was granted Breakthrough Therapy designation by the FDA following positive results from our Phase 2b clinical trial, ENCORE 301, is currently being evaluated in a Phase 3 clinical trial for advanced hormone receptor positive, human epidermal growth factor receptor 2 negative breast cancer. Syndax is developing entinostat, which has direct effects on both cancer cells and immune regulatory cells, and SNDX-6352, an anti-CSF-1R monoclonal antibody, to enhance the body's immune response on tumors that have shown sensitivity to immunotherapy. Entinostat is being evaluated as a combination therapeutic in Phase 1b/2 clinical trials with Merck & Co., Inc. for non-small cell lung cancer and melanoma; with Genentech, Inc. for TNBC; and with Pfizer Inc. and Merck KGaA, Darmstadt, Germany, for ovarian cancer. SNDX-6352 is being evaluated in a single ascending dose Phase 1 clinical trial and is expected to be developed to treat a variety of cancers. For more information on Syndax, please visit www.syndax.com. Syndax's Cautionary Note on Forward-Looking Statements This press release contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Words such as "may," "will," "expect," "plan," "anticipate," "estimate," "intend," "believe" and similar expressions (as well as other words or expressions referencing future events, conditions or circumstances) are intended to identify forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements are based on Syndax's expectations and assumptions as of the date of this press release. Each of these forward-looking statements involves risks and uncertainties. Actual results may differ materially from these forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements contained in this press release include, but are not limited to, statements about the progress, timing, clinical development and scope of clinical trials and the reporting of clinical data for Syndax's product candidates, and the potential use of SNDX-6352 to treat various cancer indications. Many factors may cause differences between current expectations and actual results including unexpected safety or efficacy data observed during preclinical or clinical studies, clinical trial site activation or enrollment rates that are lower than expected, changes in expected or existing competition, changes in the regulatory environment, failure of Syndax's collaborators to support or advance collaborations or product candidates and unexpected litigation or other disputes. Other factors that may cause Syndax's actual results to differ from those expressed or implied in the forward-looking statements in this press release are discussed in Syndax's filings with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission, including the "Risk Factors" sections contained therein. Except as required by law, Syndax assumes no obligation to update any forward-looking statements contained herein to reflect any change in expectations, even as new information becomes available. Investor Contacts
Heather Savelle
Argot Partners
heather@argotpartners.com
Tel 646.395.3734

Media Contact
Eliza Schleifstein
Argot Partners
eliza@argotpartners.com
Tel 973.361.1546
 View Comments and Join the Discussion!   View the discussion thread. Trending Recent 1 BCRX, UTHR: 22 Stocks Moving In Monday's Pre-Market Session 2 KMX, GE: Barron's Picks And Pans: Under Armour, CarMax, Lowe's... 3 AAPL, AA: Top Benzinga Stocks Of The Week: GE, Facebook, Apple An... 4 CDTI, TRR: 5 Stocks To Watch For April 3, 2017 5 STI, EXR: Benzinga's Top Upgrades, Downgrad... 6 ALLY, CACC: Fund Manager From 'The... 7 ABIL, EDAP: Earnings Scheduled... 1 ISCA, SHLM: Stocks To Watch For April 4, 2017 2 Economic Data Scheduled For Tuesday 3 CCBG, LNDC: Earnings Scheduled For April 4, 2017 4 CTSH, GERN: Watch These 8 Huge Put Purchases In Tuesday Trade 5 CCL, LL: Watch These 8 Huge Call Purchases In Tuesda... 6 FL, SBUX: Benzinga's Option Alert Recap... 7 JBLU, MULE: This Week's IPOs In Focus View upcoming Earnings, Ratings, Dividend and Economic Calendars. Benzinga is a fast-growing, dynamic and innovative financial media outlet that empowers investors with high-quality, unique content. Popular Channels Analyst Ratings Be Your Own Boss ETFs Economics Forex Hot News Options Press Releases Start-ups Tech Tools & Features Affiliate Program PreMarket Prep Feeds News Widget Real Time Feed Sitemap Submit News Tips About Benzinga About Us Licensing and APIs Apps (iOS and Android) Fintech Awards In the News Careers Contact Us Disclaimer Privacy Policy Syndication Terms and Conditions Benzinga Partners 1 (877) 440-9464 (ZING) © Copyright Benzinga Benzinga - Feed Your Mind News Markets Ratings Ideas Tech Small-Cap Personal Finance Premium Products
Bloomberg the Company & Its ProductsBloomberg Anywhere Remote LoginBloomberg Anywhere LoginBloomberg Terminal Demo Request Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Philanthropy & Engagement Bloomberg London Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Bloomberg Tradebook Bloomberg Briefs Bloomberg Indices Bloomberg SEF Bloomberg Institute Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center Enterprise Products Enterprise Solutions Trading Solutions Bloomberg Vault Bloomberg PolarLake Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps News Bureaus Media Services Bloomberg Live Conferences Bloomberg Media Distribution Advertising Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Philanthropy & Engagement Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Bloomberg London Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps News Bureaus Media Services Advertising Bloomberg Media Distribution Bloomberg Live Conferences Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Bloomberg Tradebook Bloomberg Briefs Bloomberg Indices Bloomberg SEF Bloomberg Institute Enterprise Products Enterprise Solutions Trading Solutions Bloomberg Vault Bloomberg PolarLake Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center MENU Homepage Markets Stocks Currencies Commodities Rates + Bonds Economics Magazine Benchmark Watchlist Economic Calendar Tech U.S. Global Startups Cybersecurity Digital Media Bloomberg Technology TV Hello World Studio 1.0 Pursuits Cars & Bikes Style & Grooming Spend Watches & Gadgets Food & Drinks Travel Real Estate Art & Design Brilliant Ideas Politics Global Risk Briefing How We’ll Know if Trump Is Making America Great Again Tracking Trump’s Web of Conflicts The Inauguration of Donald J. Trump On the March in Trump’s Capital Opinion View Gadfly Businessweek Subscribe Cover Stories Opening Remarks Etc Features 85th Anniversary Issue Behind The Cover More Science + Energy Graphics Billionaires Game Plan Small Business Personal Finance Live TV Inspire GO The David Rubenstein Show Sponsored Content Bloomberg About The Company Sign In Sign In Subscribe Ryan’s Border Tax on the Ropes as Trump Ponders Overhaul Plan by Matthew Townsend @matt_townsend More stories by Matthew Townsend , Ben Brody More stories by Ben Brody , and Elizabeth Dexheimer More stories by Elizabeth Dexheimer April 4, 2017, 5:00 AM EDT Retailers scored early win, but White House position unclear If House plan falters, ‘much bigger food fight’ seen coming What an Adjusted Border Tax Means for Businesses Donald Trump’s surprising election and his promise to overhaul the U.S. tax code set off celebrations across corporate America -- but some industries had barely applauded before they began gearing up for a fight. Trump’s win gave Republicans control of the U.S. government for the first time in a decade and quickly drew attention to a tax plan that House Speaker Paul Ryan unveiled last summer with little fanfare. Ryan’s radical tax-code rewrite would replace the corporate income tax with a 20 percent tax on businesses’ domestic sales and imports; their exports would be exempt. Cue the alarm bells for import-heavy companies like Wal-Mart Stores Inc., Target Corp. and Nike Inc. Retailers, apparel-makers, shoemakers, automakers and others unleashed one of their most robust lobbying and public-relations pushes in recent memory against the so-called “border-adjusted” tax. Buttressed by more than 10,000 phone calls to congressional offices, by a parody-style TV ad that aired during “Saturday Night Live” and by a succession of Republicans who’ve expressed concern about the plan, the opponents’ efforts appear to be winning. So far. But the action has now shifted to the White House, which will be “driving the train” on tax legislation, Press Secretary Sean Spicer says. There, the picture gets cloudier; lobbyists on both sides of the border-adjustment tax issue say they’re not sure who’ll determine the final contents of the administration’s plan. Still Early “Clearly, the retailers getting out so fast and so aggressively early was” an advantage in lining up congressional opposition to Ryan’s plan, said Gordon Gray, director of fiscal policy for the American Action Forum, a right-of-center think tank in Washington. But it’s still early, he said, and “unless we know where the White House is going to come down on it, it’s hard to say who is winning.” QuickTake Trump’s ‘Big Border Tax’ Ryan and Representative Kevin Brady, the Texas Republican who chairs the House Ways and Means Committee, have championed the border-adjustment plan as a way to raise revenue that would help finance tax-rate cuts. Independent estimates have said it would raise more than $1 trillion in tax revenue over 10 years. They also say it would help American-made products compete more effectively in overseas markets, while stimulating more domestic manufacturing. Read more: A Q&A explains how the border-adjusted tax would work Those who oppose the border-adjusted tax say it would lead to higher prices on a range of consumer goods -- though supporters say a strengthening dollar would ultimately even such effects out. Opponents have gained valuable allies in Trump’s administration. Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin is said to oppose the border-adjustment concept, as is Gary Cohn, Trump’s top economic adviser. ‘Economic Nationalist’ Meanwhile, Stephen Bannon, the president’s chief strategist who favors an “economic nationalist” approach, is said to favor the proposal. The retailers were aided early when, less than a month into Trump’s presidency, they scheduled the chief executive officers of several retail companies to meet with Cohn, the head of the National Economic Council. Cohn elevated the event to a meeting with the president on Feb. 15, at which the border-adjustment plan was discussed, according to people familiar with the meeting. Trump himself hasn’t weighed in yet -- and that lack of clarity has left Ryan’s plan without much political cover, leaving it open to attack, said Gray of the AAF. Keep up with the best of Bloomberg Politics. Get our newsletter daily. Sign Up The main opposition group, Americans for Affordable Products, debuted on Feb. 1, and now has more than 400 member companies. A flood of CEOs including J.C. Penney haven’t been shy about lambasting the border-adjustment proposal. Wall Street analysts have chimed in; the concept “would be a really big hit to some companies,” said Scot Ciccarelli of RBC Capital Markets. Retail stocks have declined this year while the overall market hit new heights. Import-heavy companies like Wal-Mart unleashed one of their most robust lobbying and public-relations pushes in recent memory against the so-called “border-adjusted” tax. Photographer: Daniel Acker/Bloomberg Fight Continues “No other issue galvanized the industry like this one,” said Brian Dodge, senior executive vice president of public affairs for the Retail Industry Leaders Association, one of the groups leading the opposition. “Until the sponsors declare it dead, we will continue to fight against it.” Opposition to border adjustments also came from Americans for Prosperity, the conservative advocacy group founded by billionaire brothers Charles and David Koch. AFP says it has placed more than 10,000 telephone calls to members of Congress and made more than 100 visits to district offices in the past six weeks. The border-adjustment plan has supporters too. One day after the opposition group made its debut, the American Made Coalition was announced. It has fewer than 30 major companies as members -- almost all of them net exporters -- but they include household names like General Electric Co., Caterpillar Inc., and Merck & Co. Ads Planned The supporters say border adjustments would boost domestic manufacturing and reduce incentives for U.S. companies to move jobs overseas. They’re planning to launch new ads this month as Congress takes a two-week spring recess. “There’s a lot of tax reform debate to be had,” said John Gentzel, a spokesman for the supporters’ group. He said the border-adjustment measure would create 1.7 million new jobs and boost wages by almost 8 percent. “Meanwhile, the opposition has spent all this time and energy trying to maintain status-quo tax policies that promote foreign-made products over U.S. jobs.” Amid the corporate division on the issue, Washington’s usual business lobbying has been thrown into disarray. Powerhouses like the U.S. Chamber of Commerce, the American Petroleum Institute and National Association of Manufacturers have been neutral because their memberships are split on the issue. Same for the Business Roundtable. ‘Finish Line’ “Regardless of how that issue comes out, you will see the Business Roundtable coming in strongly to help pull reform across the finish line,” JPMorgan Chase & Co. CEO Jamie Dimon, who chairs the group, told Bloomberg last month. Wall Street has also mostly stayed quiet on border adjustments because it’s not clear how businesses such as trading and lending would be treated under the House GOP plan. Financial industry lobbyists see the proposal as a non-starter in the Senate because of the opposition generated there by the retailers and their allies. “It has proved to be a very controversial issue, particularly on the Senate side where it doesn’t look like there is going to be enough support for it,” said Mike Sommers, the president of American Investment Council, which represents private equity firms. But all bets are off if the House plan for a border-adjusted tax, or BAT, is defeated and Congress begins looking for other ways to help finance tax cuts -- which might draw any number of other companies into the fray. “If you think the fight over BAT is ugly, just wait -- because what comes next is going to be a much bigger food fight,” said Charles Gabriel, president of Capital Alpha Partners, a policy-research group in Washington. “We haven’t even begun.” Before it's here, it's on the Bloomberg Terminal. LEARN MORE Read This Next American Jobs Are Headed to Mexico Once Again Top GOP Senator Signals Tax Plan's Permanence Is 'Up in the Air' Congress Weighs Options to Soften Controversial Centerpiece of GOP Tax Plan Ryan's Tax Plan May Get Familiar Foes: GOP's Conservative Caucus Tax Overhaul Becomes GOP's Priority as Health-Care Stalls Most Read Dimon Warns ‘Something Is Wrong’ With the U.S. Young Americans Are Killing Marriage Trump Cracks Down on H-1B Visa Program That Feeds Silicon Valley Student Debt Giant Navient to Borrowers: You’re on Your Own Donald Trump’s Ferrari Disappoints at Florida Auction Terms of Service Trademarks Privacy Policy ©2017 Bloomberg L.P. All Rights Reserved Careers Made in NYC Advertise Ad Choices Website Feedback Help
Today: April 5, 2017, 9:03 am ﻿ HOME SIGN UP! NEW PRESS RELEASE CATEGORIES Your current selected language is German Click below to switsch to English ﻿ HOME SIGN UP! NEW PRESS RELEASE CATEGORIES ﻿ Health Middle East Veterinary Vaccines Market to Grow at a CAGR of 4.7% by 2026 Future Market Insights has announced the addition of the “Veterinary Vaccines Market: Middle East Industry Analysis and Opportunity Assessment 2016 - 2026" report to their offering. Veterinary Vaccines Market PR-Inside.com: 2017-04-04 11:29:15 Animal breeding remains to be one of the most fundamental agricultural activity facilitating the growth of food & beverage industry in the Middle East. Milk and meat are some of the common raw materials derived from animal husbandry activities carried out in the MEA region. Future Market Insights recently published its research report on the veterinary vaccines market in the Middle East, which stated that – rising demand for food security in the Middle East, collaborative manufacturing measures witnessed among foodmakers and suppliers, and the absence of appropriate health tracking facilities for animals are factoring the growth in demand for veterinary vaccines. Future Market Insights projects that the MEA veterinary vaccines market, which is presently valued at US$ 267.3 million, will soar below average to reach US$ 422.9 million value by 2026-end and register a moderate CAGR of 4.7%. The report estimates that lack of resources for collection of samples, questionable potency of vaccines, and absence of harmonised vaccination procedures are limiting the supply and production of veterinary vaccines in the MEA region. Furthermore, ineffectiveness of veterinary vaccines in curing virulent animal diseases indicates shortcomings on epidemiological knowledge faced by MEA’s virology research institutes. Request For Sample@ www.futuremarketinsights.com/reports/sample/rep-ma-3086 Highest Veterinary Vaccine Sales recorded in Jordan A regional analysis of the veterinary vaccines market in the Middle East identified Jordan as the most lucrative country for sales of veterinary serums. By the end of 2026, Jordan’s veterinary vaccine market is expected to dominate the MEA region by reaching value of US$ 88 million. The demand for veterinary vaccines will be equally higher in Turkey, while Sudan will witness moderate growth in terms of revenues. Meanwhile, countries such as the United Arab Emirates, Kingdom of Saudi Arabia and Egypt will witness revenue growth at more than 4% CAGR throughout the forecast period. Based in Jordan, JOVAC is being recognised as one of the leading manufacturers of veterinary vaccines in the Middle East. The veterinary vaccines market in MEA region is also witnessing fervent involvement of European companies such as Bioveta, Inc., Merial, Bayer Healthcare AG, and Ceva. Other key players in the MEA veterinary vaccines market include, Intervac Pvt. Ltd., Zoetis, Elanco, and Merck & Co, Inc. Send An Enquiry@ www.futuremarketinsights.com/askus/rep-ma-3086 Surging Demand for Food & Mouth Disease Vaccination Prevalence of oral and digestion-related disorders among animals is shaping up the growth in demand for veterinary vaccines across the Middle East. More than 25% of veterinary vaccines revenues amassed from the MEA region during the projection period will be accounted by food and mouth diseases. New Castle disease has also been observed as prominent indicator for administering veterinary vaccines in this region. Moreover, outbreak of Avian influenza in the MEA region is anticipated to attribute more than US$ 80 million revenues by 2026-end. In the report, titled “Veterinary Vaccines Market: Middle East Industry Analysis and Opportunity Assessment, 2016-2026,” the demand for attenuated live vaccines is predicted to remain high throughout the forecast period. Inactivated vaccines will also gain traction, while revenues garnered from sales of recombinant vaccines, DNA vaccines and toxoid vaccines will grow at a sluggish CAGR. Almost three-fourth of gross revenues amassed from sales of veterinary vaccines in the Middle East will continue to be used for treatment of livestock animals. And, these vaccines are likely to enter the market through veterinary clinics and private veterinary pharmacies. Distribution of veterinary vaccines in the Middle East will also be carried out by hospitals, revenues from which are estimated to surpass US$ 100 million by the end of 2026. Browse Full Report@ www.futuremarketinsights.com/reports/middle-east-veterinary-vacc .. Press Information Future Market Insights 616 Corporate Way, Suite 2-9018, Valley Cottage, NY 10989, United States T: +1-347-918-3531 F: +1-845-579-5705 Email: sales@futuremarketinsights.com Website: www.futuremarketinsights.com email Published by Abhishek Budholiya +1-347-918-3531 e-mail www.futuremarketinsights.com # 620 Words Related Articles More From The Author Surgical Stapling Devices Market Poised for Robust [..] With deployment of advanced technologies, medical practitioners will keep adopting specialised devices that facilitate specific surgical [..] North America and Europe Artificial Pancreas Systems [..] Growing number of diabetics in the US, Canada and European countries has been compelling hospitals to keep artificial pancreas systems [..] Fruit Concentrate Puree Market to expand at [..] According to Future Market Insights – An unyielding competition between local manufacturers and global players has lowered the [..] Pectin Market will Increase at a CAGR [..] People in the world will continue gulping down millions of tonnes of viscous foods such as jams, marmalades, and puree. [..] Europe Garbage Bag Market expected to grow [..] After witnessing multiple garbage crises occurring across European countries, the European Union (EU) strives to ensure that [..]   More From Health Frost & Sullivan independent industry report identifies [..] PERTH, W. AUSTRALIA, Mar 28, 2017 - (ACN Newswire) - Proteomics International Laboratories Ltd (PILL; ASX:PIQ) is the leader in [..] New dynamics in monitoring diagnostics in leukemia Dresden/Germany Diagnosis leukemia and stem cell transplantation The diagnosis "leukemia" for patients means to undergo [..] PromarkerD Predictive Diagnostics for DKD to Roll-out [..] PERTH, AUSTRALIA, Mar 22, 2017 - (ACN Newswire) - Proteomics International Laboratories Ltd ('PILL'; ASX: PIQ), a world leader [..] Do Prostalgene Drops Help To Restore Prostate [..] Prostate enlargement is among the most common health problems for men over 50. With age the incidence of this condition [..] Is OnycoSolve Spray The Key To Obliterating [..] Toenail fungus is an undesirable but stubborn infection that comes with sweating, itching, cracking and scaling of the feet, inflammations, [..] Disclaimer: If you have any questions regarding information in this press release please contact the company added in the press release. Please do not contact pr-inside. We will not be able to assist you. PR-inside disclaims the content included in this release. ﻿ Home Sign Up! New Press Release Categories Terms Of Service Privacy About Us Contact Us                
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 4 April 2017 by satprnews satprnews Veterinary Vaccines Market 2021 Forecast grow at CAGR of more than 5% & USD 5 billion Orbisresearch.com has the report titled “Veterinary Vaccines: Global Market Intelligence (2012-2021)” which includes in depth Analysis like Key market trends, expert opinions, Size, Share, Forecasts, Key Regions, Types & Applications. The report provides market intelligence on the different market segments, based on type, species, sales channel, and geography. The primary objectives of this report are to provide 1) comprehensive global market intelligence through detailed segmentation, 2) market size and forecasts, growth rates, market dynamics, industry structure and developments, market situation, trends, 3) detailed analysis of current dynamics and trends, key market players, and strategies in the market, 4) detailed value chain analysis and review of growth factors essential for the existing market players and new entrants, 5) provide emerging opportunities in the market and the future impact of major drivers and restraints of the market and, 6) support decision makers in making cost-effective business decisions. Get Sample @ http://www.orbisresearch.com/contacts/request-sample/246960 . RESEARCH METHODOLOGY In our market size and forecast determination efforts, an extensive secondary research was initially completed to gain a good perspective of the market in each region. Extensive primary research was also carried out by interviewing the key executives from the industry. These interviews helped us to fill-in the data gaps after secondary research. Several secondary sources such as encyclopedia, directories, and databases have been used to identify and collect information useful for this extensive techno-commercial study. The respondents– selected experts from manufacturers and selected suppliers – have been interviewed to obtain and verify critical information as well as to assess the future prospects. The usage of obtained information is based on the perceived reliability by the research team. In many cases, a combination of several sources was used. Sprout Intelligence provides an in-depth analysis of the market segmentation, which is a critical element of the market intelligence reports at Sprout Intelligence. KEY AUDIENCE Executives in marketing, strategic planning and new product development will find such discussions in our reports pertinent and useful. Management consultants, investment bankers, manufacturers, distributors, suppliers, and regulatory authorities are amongst our regular clientele served. DATA SOURCES The general data sources used in this report are company websites, trade association publications, regulatory authorities, journals, magazines, news websites, press releases, media publications, interaction with industry experts, company executives, research papers, articles, patents, scientific literature, among many others. Purchase copy @ http://www.orbisresearch.com/contact/purchase/246960 . KEY FINDINGS FROM THE REPORT – The global veterinary vaccines market is expected to grow at a CAGR of more than 5% from 2017 to 2021. – The USA, Canada, Ireland, India, and France are the leading countries in veterinary vaccines market. – The key players in this market are Zoetis, Elanco, Ceva, Merck, Merial, Boehringer Ingelheim, Bayer, and Virbac among many others. – Sprout Intelligence expert team estimated that the global Veterinary Vaccines market in 2016 was worth more than USD 5 billion. List of Table: Table 1 Global Veterinary Vaccines Market, By Type, 2012-2021 (USD Million) Table 2 Global Veterinary Vaccines Market, By Species, 2012-2021 (USD Million) Table 3 Global Veterinary Vaccines Market, By Sales Channel, 2012-2021 (USD Million) Table 4 Global Veterinary Vaccines Market, By Region, 2012-2021 (USD Million) Table 5 North America Veterinary Vaccines Market, By Type, 2012-2021 (USD Million) Table 6 North America Veterinary Vaccines Market, By Species, 2012-2021 (USD Million) Table 7 North America Veterinary Vaccines Market, By Sales Channel, 2012-2021 (USD Million) Table 8 North America Veterinary Vaccines Market, By Country, 2012-2021 (USD Million) Table 9 USA Veterinary Vaccines Market, By Type, 2012-2021 (USD Million) Table 10 USA Veterinary Vaccines Market, By Species, 2012-2021 (USD Million) Table 11 USA Veterinary Vaccines Market, By Sales Channel, 2012-2021 (USD Million) Table 12 Canada Veterinary Vaccines Market, By Type, 2012-2021 (USD Million) Table 13 Canada Veterinary Vaccines Market, By Species, 2012-2021 (USD Million) Table 14 Canada Veterinary Vaccines Market, By Sales Channel, 2012-2021 (USD Million) Table 15 Mexico Veterinary Vaccines Market, By Type, 2012-2021 (USD Million) ……… About Us: Orbis Research (orbisresearch.com) is a single point aid for all your market research requirements. We have vast database of reports from the leading publishers and authors across the globe. We specialize in delivering customized reports as per the requirements of our clients. We have complete information about our publishers and hence are sure about the accuracy of the industries and verticals of their specialization. This helps our clients to map their needs and we produce the perfect required market research study for our clients.   Contact Us: Hector Costello Senior Manager – Client Engagements 4144N Central Expressway, Suite 600, Dallas, Texas – 75204, U.S.A. Phone No.: +1 (214) 884-6817; +912064101019 CategoriesUncategorized Tagsglobal veterinary vaccines industry 2012, global veterinary vaccines industry 2021 forecast, Global Veterinary Vaccines Market, Google News, market research reports, Orbis Research, satellite, satPRnews, veterinary vaccines market Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Global Seed Treatment Market 2020 Forecast By Region, Function, Crop, Key Market Players Next PostNext Notice of Quarterly Update Search Recent Posts Mice Model Market: Global Industry Analysis, Size, Share, Growth, Trends, and Forecasts 2016–2024 Mice Model Market: Global Industry Analysis, Size, Share, Growth, Trends, and Forecasts 2016–2024 Global MQ Powder (Nd-Fe-B Powder) Market 2017 – Trends, Opportunities and Forecasts (2017-2022) Vitamin E Market: Global Industry Analysis, Size, Share, Growth, Trends, and Forecasts 2016–2024 Global N-ACETYL-L-METHIONINE Market 2017 – Trends, Opportunities and Forecasts (2017-2022) Business Directory Business Contacts Proudly powered by WordPress
About Us Contact Us Help user name password Client login:    First time user sign up Forgot your login info? Website Directory     Submit Website Search All categoriesAdvertising  GeneralAerospace  GeneralAgriculture  GeneralAirlines  GeneralAmerica - Post 9/11  GeneralApparel  GeneralApple Products  GeneralArchitectural  GeneralArchitecture  ArchitectureArt & Entertainments  Books  Celebrities  Country Music  Dance  Magazines  Movies  Museums  Music  Music Downloads  News & Talk Shows  Performing Arts  Photography  Television  Web SitesArts/Culture  GeneralAuction  GeneralAutomotive  Aftermarket  Classic Autos  Consumer Publications  General  Motorcycle & Bike  Racing  Recreational Vehicle  Repair & Service  Trade PublicationsBlogging & Social Media  Blogging & Social MediaBusiness  Advertising / Marketing  Books  Consumer Research  Direct Marketing  e-Commerce  Entrepreneurs  Finance  Franchise  Human Resources  Insurance  Investment  Management  Markets  Network Marketing  Online Marketing / SEO  Payday Loans  Public Relations  Publications  Real Estate  Retail  Stocks  Supermarkets  Women in BusinessCareers/HR  GeneralChemical  GeneralCoaching / Mentoring  Coaching / MentoringComputers  Apple Products  Databases  Games & Entertainment  General  Hosting  Instruction  Linux / GNU "Open Source"  Macintosh  Microsoft Windows PC  Operating Systems  Programming  Security  Software  Tablet PCs  UtilitiesConstruction  GeneralConsumer  Gifts and Collectibles  Hobbies  Web sites / InternetDesign  Graphic Design  Industrial  WebE-Cigarette  GeneraleCommerce  GeneralEconomy  GeneralEducation  College / University  General  Home Schooling  K-12  Post Graduate  TechnicalElectronics  GeneralEmail Marketing  GeneralEmailWire Press Releases  Press Release TipsEmployment/Careers  GeneralEngineering  GeneralEntertainment  GeneralEnvironment  GeneralEvents / Trade Shows  GeneralFinance  GeneralFood  GeneralFranchise  GeneralFraud / Identity Theft  GeneralGaming  GeneralGovernment  General  Judicial  Law Enforcement  Legislative  Local  National  Public Services  Security  State  TransportationHealthcare  GeneralHome and Family  Banking / Personal Finance  Bereavement / Loss  Home Furnishings / Interiors  Landscaping & Gardening  Marriage / Relationships  Money  Parenting  Payday Loans  Pets  Taxes  Wedding / BridalHome Schooling  GeneralHotels/Resorts  GeneralHousehold  GeneralIndustry  Aerospace / Defense  Agriculture  Apparel / Textiles  Broadcast  Construction / Building  Electrical  Food  Funeral  Healthcare  Leisure / Hospitality  Logistics / Shipping  Manufacturing / Production  Mining / Metals  Oil / Energy  Paper / Forest Products  Plumbing, Heating & AC  Print Media  Printing  Publishing  Radio  Restaurants  Tobacco  ToyInsurance  GeneralInternet/Online  GeneralLegal  GeneralLeisure  GeneralLifestyle  Beauty  Dating / Singles  Diet / Weight Loss  Fashion  Food / Beverage  Health & Fitness  Hotel / Resorts  Pastimes  Restaurants  Retirement  Travel & TourismMachinery  GeneralMaritime  GeneralMedical  Addiction  Allergies  Alternative Medicine  Asthma  Cancer  Cardiology  Chiropractic  Dental  Dermatology  Diabetes  Emergency  Family Medicine  General  General  Geriatrics  Hospitals  Infectious Diseases  Internal Medicine  Managed Care / HMO  Medical Products  Mental Health  Neurology  Nursing  Nutrition  OB / GYN  Pediatrics  Pharmaceuticals  Physical Therapy  Plastic Surgery  Psychology  Radiology / Imaging  Research  Sports Medicine  Surgery  VisionMilitary  GeneralMining/Metals  GeneralMiscellaneous  GeneralNanotechnology  NanotechnologyNon-profit  GeneralOccupational Safety  Occupational SafetyOil/Energy  GeneralOpinion / Editorial  Opinion / EditorialPaper Products  GeneralPaper/Forest  GeneralPharmaceuticals  GeneralPodcasting  Announce  Tools and ServicesPolitics  PoliticsPrint Media  GeneralPublic Utilities  Public UtilitiesPublishing  GeneralRadio  GeneralReal Estate  GeneralReligion  Christian  General  Islam  Jewish  OtherRestaurants  GeneralRetail  GeneralRSS & Content Syndication  RSS & Content SyndicationScience and Research  Science and ResearchSelf-Help / Personal Growth  Self-Help / Personal GrowthShipbuilding  GeneralSociety  African American Interests  Asian Interests  Childrens Issues  Disabled Issues / Disabilities  Gay / Lesbian  Hispanic  Mens Interests  Native American  Senior Citizens  Social Services  Teen Issues/Interests  Womens InterestSoftware  GeneralSports  Baseball  Basketball  Bicycling  Boating / Maritime  Bowling  Boxing  Fishing  Football  Golf  Hockey  Hunting  Martial Arts  Outdoors  Rugby  Soccer  Tennis  Water  Winter/SnowSports/Fitness  GeneralStocks  GeneralSupermarkets  GeneralTechnology  Biotechnology  Computer  Electronics  Enterprise Software  Games  Graphics/Printing/CAD  Hardware / Peripherals  Industrial  Information  Internet  Multimedia  Networking  Public Sector/Government  Robotics  Semiconductor  Software  Telecommunications  WebmastersTelecom  General  WirelessTelevision  GeneralTobacco  GeneralTrade  GeneralTransportation  GeneralTravel  GeneralUtilities  GeneralVolunteer  VolunteerWeather  Weather Home > News By Company > ReportsWeb.com Tweet   Epigenetics Global Market Research Scope, Commercial Analysis and Forecast to 2022 ReportsWeb.com published Epigenetics Global Market from its database. The report covers the market landscape and its growth prospects over the coming years. The report also includes a discussion of the key vendors operating in this market.   (EMAILWIRE.COM, April 04, 2017 ) According to Publisher, the Global Epigenetics market is accounted for $500 million in 2015 and is expected to reach $1,286 million by 2022 growing at a CAGR of 14.4% from 2015 to 2022. Growing prevalence of cancer and other chronic diseases are helping the market to compete across the globe. Some of the major factors that are influencing the market include growing technological advancements, improving collaborations between pharmaceutical companies, biotechnology companies and academic research institutes and increasing geriatric population base. However, huge equipment cost and shortage of skilled professional are hampering the market. For more information http://www.reportsweb.com/epigenetics-global-market-outlook-2016-2022 By oncology application, solid tumors accounted for the largest market share during the forecast period. Moreover, cardiovascular diseases segment is observed as the fastest growing market attributed to emergence of technologies such as microRNA modifications. North America commanded the largest market share owing to growing R&D activities in pharmaceuticals firms. Some of the key players in this market include Zymo Research Corporation, Sigma-Aldrich Corporation, New England Biolabs, Illumina, Inc., Active Motif, Thermo Fisher Scientific, Inc, Qiagen N.V., Merck & Co., Inc., Diagenode, Inc. and Abcam PLC. Products Covered: - Reagents o Primers o Histones o Antibodies o Magnetic Beads o Buffers o Other Epigenetics Reagents - Instruments and Consumables o Sonicators o Next-Generation Sequencers o QPCR o Mass Spectrometers o Other Epigenetics Instruments and Consumables - Enzymes o Rna-Modifying Enzymes o DNA-Modifying Enzymes o Protein-Modifying Enzymes - KITS o Chip-Seq KITS o Whole-Genome Amplification KITS o Bisulfite Conversion KITS o Rna Sequencing KITS o 5-HMC and 5-MC Analysis KITS o Other Epigenetics KITS Technologies Covered: - DNA Methylation - Histone Methylation - Histone Acetylation - Long Non-Coding RNA - MicroRNA Modification - Chromatin Structures Application Covered: - Non-oncology Disorders o Inflammatory Diseases o Cardiovascular Diseases o Metabolic Diseases o Other Non-oncology Disorders - Oncology o Solid Tumors o Liquid Tumors Request Sample Copy http://www.reportsweb.com/inquiry&RW0001564962/sample Regions Covered: - North America o US o Canada o Mexico - Europe o Germany o France o Italy o UK o Spain o Rest of Europe - Asia Pacific o Japan o China o India o Australia o New Zealand o Rest of Asia Pacific - Rest of the World o Middle East o Brazil o Argentina o South Africa o Egypt 10 Company Profiling 10.1 Zymo Research Corporation 10.2 Sigma-Aldrich Corporation 10.3 New England Biolabs 10.4 Illumina, Inc. 10.5 Active Motif 10.6 Thermo Fisher Scientific, Inc. 10.7 Qiagen N.V. 10.8 Merck & Co., Inc. 10.9 Diagenode, Inc. 10.10 Abcam PLC Make an enquiry: http://www.reportsweb.com/inquiry&RW0001564962/buying Contact Information: ReportsWeb.com Priya Sisodia Tel: +1-646-491-9876 Email us This is a press release. Press release distribution and press release services by EmailWire.Com: http://www.emailwire.com/us-press-release-distribution.php. 
   Search All categoriesAdvertising  GeneralAerospace  GeneralAgriculture  GeneralAirlines  GeneralAmerica - Post 9/11  GeneralApparel  GeneralApple Products  GeneralArchitectural  GeneralArchitecture  ArchitectureArt & Entertainments  Books  Celebrities  Country Music  Dance  Magazines  Movies  Museums  Music  Music Downloads  News & Talk Shows  Performing Arts  Photography  Television  Web SitesArts/Culture  GeneralAuction  GeneralAutomotive  Aftermarket  Classic Autos  Consumer Publications  General  Motorcycle & Bike  Racing  Recreational Vehicle  Repair & Service  Trade PublicationsBlogging & Social Media  Blogging & Social MediaBusiness  Advertising / Marketing  Books  Consumer Research  Direct Marketing  e-Commerce  Entrepreneurs  Finance  Franchise  Human Resources  Insurance  Investment  Management  Markets  Network Marketing  Online Marketing / SEO  Payday Loans  Public Relations  Publications  Real Estate  Retail  Stocks  Supermarkets  Women in BusinessCareers/HR  GeneralChemical  GeneralCoaching / Mentoring  Coaching / MentoringComputers  Apple Products  Databases  Games & Entertainment  General  Hosting  Instruction  Linux / GNU "Open Source"  Macintosh  Microsoft Windows PC  Operating Systems  Programming  Security  Software  Tablet PCs  UtilitiesConstruction  GeneralConsumer  Gifts and Collectibles  Hobbies  Web sites / InternetDesign  Graphic Design  Industrial  WebE-Cigarette  GeneraleCommerce  GeneralEconomy  GeneralEducation  College / University  General  Home Schooling  K-12  Post Graduate  TechnicalElectronics  GeneralEmail Marketing  GeneralEmailWire Press Releases  Press Release TipsEmployment/Careers  GeneralEngineering  GeneralEntertainment  GeneralEnvironment  GeneralEvents / Trade Shows  GeneralFinance  GeneralFood  GeneralFranchise  GeneralFraud / Identity Theft  GeneralGaming  GeneralGovernment  General  Judicial  Law Enforcement  Legislative  Local  National  Public Services  Security  State  TransportationHealthcare  GeneralHome and Family  Banking / Personal Finance  Bereavement / Loss  Home Furnishings / Interiors  Landscaping & Gardening  Marriage / Relationships  Money  Parenting  Payday Loans  Pets  Taxes  Wedding / BridalHome Schooling  GeneralHotels/Resorts  GeneralHousehold  GeneralIndustry  Aerospace / Defense  Agriculture  Apparel / Textiles  Broadcast  Construction / Building  Electrical  Food  Funeral  Healthcare  Leisure / Hospitality  Logistics / Shipping  Manufacturing / Production  Mining / Metals  Oil / Energy  Paper / Forest Products  Plumbing, Heating & AC  Print Media  Printing  Publishing  Radio  Restaurants  Tobacco  ToyInsurance  GeneralInternet/Online  GeneralLegal  GeneralLeisure  GeneralLifestyle  Beauty  Dating / Singles  Diet / Weight Loss  Fashion  Food / Beverage  Health & Fitness  Hotel / Resorts  Pastimes  Restaurants  Retirement  Travel & TourismMachinery  GeneralMaritime  GeneralMedical  Addiction  Allergies  Alternative Medicine  Asthma  Cancer  Cardiology  Chiropractic  Dental  Dermatology  Diabetes  Emergency  Family Medicine  General  General  Geriatrics  Hospitals  Infectious Diseases  Internal Medicine  Managed Care / HMO  Medical Products  Mental Health  Neurology  Nursing  Nutrition  OB / GYN  Pediatrics  Pharmaceuticals  Physical Therapy  Plastic Surgery  Psychology  Radiology / Imaging  Research  Sports Medicine  Surgery  VisionMilitary  GeneralMining/Metals  GeneralMiscellaneous  GeneralNanotechnology  NanotechnologyNon-profit  GeneralOccupational Safety  Occupational SafetyOil/Energy  GeneralOpinion / Editorial  Opinion / EditorialPaper Products  GeneralPaper/Forest  GeneralPharmaceuticals  GeneralPodcasting  Announce  Tools and ServicesPolitics  PoliticsPrint Media  GeneralPublic Utilities  Public UtilitiesPublishing  GeneralRadio  GeneralReal Estate  GeneralReligion  Christian  General  Islam  Jewish  OtherRestaurants  GeneralRetail  GeneralRSS & Content Syndication  RSS & Content SyndicationScience and Research  Science and ResearchSelf-Help / Personal Growth  Self-Help / Personal GrowthShipbuilding  GeneralSociety  African American Interests  Asian Interests  Childrens Issues  Disabled Issues / Disabilities  Gay / Lesbian  Hispanic  Mens Interests  Native American  Senior Citizens  Social Services  Teen Issues/Interests  Womens InterestSoftware  GeneralSports  Baseball  Basketball  Bicycling  Boating / Maritime  Bowling  Boxing  Fishing  Football  Golf  Hockey  Hunting  Martial Arts  Outdoors  Rugby  Soccer  Tennis  Water  Winter/SnowSports/Fitness  GeneralStocks  GeneralSupermarkets  GeneralTechnology  Biotechnology  Computer  Electronics  Enterprise Software  Games  Graphics/Printing/CAD  Hardware / Peripherals  Industrial  Information  Internet  Multimedia  Networking  Public Sector/Government  Robotics  Semiconductor  Software  Telecommunications  WebmastersTelecom  General  WirelessTelevision  GeneralTobacco  GeneralTrade  GeneralTransportation  GeneralTravel  GeneralUtilities  GeneralVolunteer  VolunteerWeather  Weather Advertising | How to contact us | Privacy Statement | EmailWire Press Releases | Partnership Opportunities EmailWire is a press release distribution service of GroupWeb Media LLC. © Copyright GroupWeb Media LLC 2017
About Us Contact Us Help user name password Client login:    First time user sign up Forgot your login info? Website Directory     Submit Website Search All categoriesAdvertising  GeneralAerospace  GeneralAgriculture  GeneralAirlines  GeneralAmerica - Post 9/11  GeneralApparel  GeneralApple Products  GeneralArchitectural  GeneralArchitecture  ArchitectureArt & Entertainments  Books  Celebrities  Country Music  Dance  Magazines  Movies  Museums  Music  Music Downloads  News & Talk Shows  Performing Arts  Photography  Television  Web SitesArts/Culture  GeneralAuction  GeneralAutomotive  Aftermarket  Classic Autos  Consumer Publications  General  Motorcycle & Bike  Racing  Recreational Vehicle  Repair & Service  Trade PublicationsBlogging & Social Media  Blogging & Social MediaBusiness  Advertising / Marketing  Books  Consumer Research  Direct Marketing  e-Commerce  Entrepreneurs  Finance  Franchise  Human Resources  Insurance  Investment  Management  Markets  Network Marketing  Online Marketing / SEO  Payday Loans  Public Relations  Publications  Real Estate  Retail  Stocks  Supermarkets  Women in BusinessCareers/HR  GeneralChemical  GeneralCoaching / Mentoring  Coaching / MentoringComputers  Apple Products  Databases  Games & Entertainment  General  Hosting  Instruction  Linux / GNU "Open Source"  Macintosh  Microsoft Windows PC  Operating Systems  Programming  Security  Software  Tablet PCs  UtilitiesConstruction  GeneralConsumer  Gifts and Collectibles  Hobbies  Web sites / InternetDesign  Graphic Design  Industrial  WebE-Cigarette  GeneraleCommerce  GeneralEconomy  GeneralEducation  College / University  General  Home Schooling  K-12  Post Graduate  TechnicalElectronics  GeneralEmail Marketing  GeneralEmailWire Press Releases  Press Release TipsEmployment/Careers  GeneralEngineering  GeneralEntertainment  GeneralEnvironment  GeneralEvents / Trade Shows  GeneralFinance  GeneralFood  GeneralFranchise  GeneralFraud / Identity Theft  GeneralGaming  GeneralGovernment  General  Judicial  Law Enforcement  Legislative  Local  National  Public Services  Security  State  TransportationHealthcare  GeneralHome and Family  Banking / Personal Finance  Bereavement / Loss  Home Furnishings / Interiors  Landscaping & Gardening  Marriage / Relationships  Money  Parenting  Payday Loans  Pets  Taxes  Wedding / BridalHome Schooling  GeneralHotels/Resorts  GeneralHousehold  GeneralIndustry  Aerospace / Defense  Agriculture  Apparel / Textiles  Broadcast  Construction / Building  Electrical  Food  Funeral  Healthcare  Leisure / Hospitality  Logistics / Shipping  Manufacturing / Production  Mining / Metals  Oil / Energy  Paper / Forest Products  Plumbing, Heating & AC  Print Media  Printing  Publishing  Radio  Restaurants  Tobacco  ToyInsurance  GeneralInternet/Online  GeneralLegal  GeneralLeisure  GeneralLifestyle  Beauty  Dating / Singles  Diet / Weight Loss  Fashion  Food / Beverage  Health & Fitness  Hotel / Resorts  Pastimes  Restaurants  Retirement  Travel & TourismMachinery  GeneralMaritime  GeneralMedical  Addiction  Allergies  Alternative Medicine  Asthma  Cancer  Cardiology  Chiropractic  Dental  Dermatology  Diabetes  Emergency  Family Medicine  General  General  Geriatrics  Hospitals  Infectious Diseases  Internal Medicine  Managed Care / HMO  Medical Products  Mental Health  Neurology  Nursing  Nutrition  OB / GYN  Pediatrics  Pharmaceuticals  Physical Therapy  Plastic Surgery  Psychology  Radiology / Imaging  Research  Sports Medicine  Surgery  VisionMilitary  GeneralMining/Metals  GeneralMiscellaneous  GeneralNanotechnology  NanotechnologyNon-profit  GeneralOccupational Safety  Occupational SafetyOil/Energy  GeneralOpinion / Editorial  Opinion / EditorialPaper Products  GeneralPaper/Forest  GeneralPharmaceuticals  GeneralPodcasting  Announce  Tools and ServicesPolitics  PoliticsPrint Media  GeneralPublic Utilities  Public UtilitiesPublishing  GeneralRadio  GeneralReal Estate  GeneralReligion  Christian  General  Islam  Jewish  OtherRestaurants  GeneralRetail  GeneralRSS & Content Syndication  RSS & Content SyndicationScience and Research  Science and ResearchSelf-Help / Personal Growth  Self-Help / Personal GrowthShipbuilding  GeneralSociety  African American Interests  Asian Interests  Childrens Issues  Disabled Issues / Disabilities  Gay / Lesbian  Hispanic  Mens Interests  Native American  Senior Citizens  Social Services  Teen Issues/Interests  Womens InterestSoftware  GeneralSports  Baseball  Basketball  Bicycling  Boating / Maritime  Bowling  Boxing  Fishing  Football  Golf  Hockey  Hunting  Martial Arts  Outdoors  Rugby  Soccer  Tennis  Water  Winter/SnowSports/Fitness  GeneralStocks  GeneralSupermarkets  GeneralTechnology  Biotechnology  Computer  Electronics  Enterprise Software  Games  Graphics/Printing/CAD  Hardware / Peripherals  Industrial  Information  Internet  Multimedia  Networking  Public Sector/Government  Robotics  Semiconductor  Software  Telecommunications  WebmastersTelecom  General  WirelessTelevision  GeneralTobacco  GeneralTrade  GeneralTransportation  GeneralTravel  GeneralUtilities  GeneralVolunteer  VolunteerWeather  Weather Home > News By Company > ReportsWeb.com Tweet   Human Microbiome Global Market Research Scope & Data Validation, Analysis and Forecast to 2022 ReportsWeb.com published Human Microbiome Global Market from its database. The report covers the market landscape and its growth prospects over the coming years. The report also includes a discussion of the key vendors operating in this market.   (EMAILWIRE.COM, April 04, 2017 ) According to Publisher, the Global Human Microbiome Market is accounted for $130.23 million in 2015 and is expected to reach $521.23 million by 2022 growing at a CAGR of 21.9% during the forecast period. Increasing incidence of lifestyle diseases, growing geriatric population, and technological developments are some of the factors fueling the market growth. By product, Probiotics segment dominated the global market with largest share during the forecast period. North America and Europe commanded the market owing to the improved biotechnological and microbiological research infrastructure. However, Asia-Pacific is anticipated to grow at the highest CAGR owing to recuperating research infrastructure in the region. For more information http://www.reportsweb.com/human-microbiome-global-market-outlook-2016-2022 Some of the key players in Human Microbiome market include Ritter Pharmaceuticals, Inc., E. I. du Pont de Nemours and Company, ViThera Pharmaceuticals, Metabiomics Corp., ActoGeniX, Optibiotix Health Plc, Vedanta Biosciences, Inc., MicroBiome Therapeutics, LLC, Second Genome, Inc., ENTEROME Bioscience, Yakult Honsha Co., Ltd., Osel, Inc., AvidBiotics, Rebiotix Inc., Merck & Co., Inc. and Seres Therapeutics. Applications Covered: - Diagnostics - Therapeutics Diseases Covered: - Cancer - Acute Diarrhea - Diabetes - Mental Disorders - Autoimmune Disorders - Obesity - Other Diseases Products Covered: - Foods - Drugs - Probiotics - Diagnostic Devices - Prebiotics - Medical Foods o Nutritionally Incomplete Formulae o Formulae for Metabolic Disorders o Nutritionally Complete Formulae o Oral Rehydration Products - Other Probiotics Supplements Request Sample Copy http://www.reportsweb.com/inquiry&RW0001564976/sample Regions Covered: - North America o US o Canada o Mexico - Europe o Germany o France o Italy o UK o Spain o Rest of Europe - Asia Pacific o Japan o China o India o Australia o New Zealand o Rest of Asia Pacific - Rest of the World o Middle East o Brazil o Argentina o South Africa o Egypt 10 Company Profiling 10.1 Ritter Pharmaceuticals, Inc. 10.2 E. I. du Pont de Nemours and Company 10.3 ViThera Pharmaceuticals 10.4 Metabiomics Corp. 10.5 ActoGeniX 10.6 Optibiotix Health Plc 10.7 Vedanta Biosciences, Inc. 10.8 MicroBiome Therapeutics, LLC 10.9 Second Genome, Inc. 10.10 ENTEROME Bioscience 10.11 Yakult Honsha Co., Ltd. 10.12 Osel, Inc. 10.13 AvidBiotics 10.14 Rebiotix Inc., 10.15 Merck & Co., Inc. 10.16 Seres Therapeutics Make an enquiry: http://www.reportsweb.com/inquiry&RW0001564976/buying Contact Information: ReportsWeb.com Priya Sisodia Tel: +1-646-491-9876 Email us This is a press release. Press release distribution and press release services by EmailWire.Com: http://www.emailwire.com/us-press-release-distribution.php. 
   Search All categoriesAdvertising  GeneralAerospace  GeneralAgriculture  GeneralAirlines  GeneralAmerica - Post 9/11  GeneralApparel  GeneralApple Products  GeneralArchitectural  GeneralArchitecture  ArchitectureArt & Entertainments  Books  Celebrities  Country Music  Dance  Magazines  Movies  Museums  Music  Music Downloads  News & Talk Shows  Performing Arts  Photography  Television  Web SitesArts/Culture  GeneralAuction  GeneralAutomotive  Aftermarket  Classic Autos  Consumer Publications  General  Motorcycle & Bike  Racing  Recreational Vehicle  Repair & Service  Trade PublicationsBlogging & Social Media  Blogging & Social MediaBusiness  Advertising / Marketing  Books  Consumer Research  Direct Marketing  e-Commerce  Entrepreneurs  Finance  Franchise  Human Resources  Insurance  Investment  Management  Markets  Network Marketing  Online Marketing / SEO  Payday Loans  Public Relations  Publications  Real Estate  Retail  Stocks  Supermarkets  Women in BusinessCareers/HR  GeneralChemical  GeneralCoaching / Mentoring  Coaching / MentoringComputers  Apple Products  Databases  Games & Entertainment  General  Hosting  Instruction  Linux / GNU "Open Source"  Macintosh  Microsoft Windows PC  Operating Systems  Programming  Security  Software  Tablet PCs  UtilitiesConstruction  GeneralConsumer  Gifts and Collectibles  Hobbies  Web sites / InternetDesign  Graphic Design  Industrial  WebE-Cigarette  GeneraleCommerce  GeneralEconomy  GeneralEducation  College / University  General  Home Schooling  K-12  Post Graduate  TechnicalElectronics  GeneralEmail Marketing  GeneralEmailWire Press Releases  Press Release TipsEmployment/Careers  GeneralEngineering  GeneralEntertainment  GeneralEnvironment  GeneralEvents / Trade Shows  GeneralFinance  GeneralFood  GeneralFranchise  GeneralFraud / Identity Theft  GeneralGaming  GeneralGovernment  General  Judicial  Law Enforcement  Legislative  Local  National  Public Services  Security  State  TransportationHealthcare  GeneralHome and Family  Banking / Personal Finance  Bereavement / Loss  Home Furnishings / Interiors  Landscaping & Gardening  Marriage / Relationships  Money  Parenting  Payday Loans  Pets  Taxes  Wedding / BridalHome Schooling  GeneralHotels/Resorts  GeneralHousehold  GeneralIndustry  Aerospace / Defense  Agriculture  Apparel / Textiles  Broadcast  Construction / Building  Electrical  Food  Funeral  Healthcare  Leisure / Hospitality  Logistics / Shipping  Manufacturing / Production  Mining / Metals  Oil / Energy  Paper / Forest Products  Plumbing, Heating & AC  Print Media  Printing  Publishing  Radio  Restaurants  Tobacco  ToyInsurance  GeneralInternet/Online  GeneralLegal  GeneralLeisure  GeneralLifestyle  Beauty  Dating / Singles  Diet / Weight Loss  Fashion  Food / Beverage  Health & Fitness  Hotel / Resorts  Pastimes  Restaurants  Retirement  Travel & TourismMachinery  GeneralMaritime  GeneralMedical  Addiction  Allergies  Alternative Medicine  Asthma  Cancer  Cardiology  Chiropractic  Dental  Dermatology  Diabetes  Emergency  Family Medicine  General  General  Geriatrics  Hospitals  Infectious Diseases  Internal Medicine  Managed Care / HMO  Medical Products  Mental Health  Neurology  Nursing  Nutrition  OB / GYN  Pediatrics  Pharmaceuticals  Physical Therapy  Plastic Surgery  Psychology  Radiology / Imaging  Research  Sports Medicine  Surgery  VisionMilitary  GeneralMining/Metals  GeneralMiscellaneous  GeneralNanotechnology  NanotechnologyNon-profit  GeneralOccupational Safety  Occupational SafetyOil/Energy  GeneralOpinion / Editorial  Opinion / EditorialPaper Products  GeneralPaper/Forest  GeneralPharmaceuticals  GeneralPodcasting  Announce  Tools and ServicesPolitics  PoliticsPrint Media  GeneralPublic Utilities  Public UtilitiesPublishing  GeneralRadio  GeneralReal Estate  GeneralReligion  Christian  General  Islam  Jewish  OtherRestaurants  GeneralRetail  GeneralRSS & Content Syndication  RSS & Content SyndicationScience and Research  Science and ResearchSelf-Help / Personal Growth  Self-Help / Personal GrowthShipbuilding  GeneralSociety  African American Interests  Asian Interests  Childrens Issues  Disabled Issues / Disabilities  Gay / Lesbian  Hispanic  Mens Interests  Native American  Senior Citizens  Social Services  Teen Issues/Interests  Womens InterestSoftware  GeneralSports  Baseball  Basketball  Bicycling  Boating / Maritime  Bowling  Boxing  Fishing  Football  Golf  Hockey  Hunting  Martial Arts  Outdoors  Rugby  Soccer  Tennis  Water  Winter/SnowSports/Fitness  GeneralStocks  GeneralSupermarkets  GeneralTechnology  Biotechnology  Computer  Electronics  Enterprise Software  Games  Graphics/Printing/CAD  Hardware / Peripherals  Industrial  Information  Internet  Multimedia  Networking  Public Sector/Government  Robotics  Semiconductor  Software  Telecommunications  WebmastersTelecom  General  WirelessTelevision  GeneralTobacco  GeneralTrade  GeneralTransportation  GeneralTravel  GeneralUtilities  GeneralVolunteer  VolunteerWeather  Weather Advertising | How to contact us | Privacy Statement | EmailWire Press Releases | Partnership Opportunities EmailWire is a press release distribution service of GroupWeb Media LLC. © Copyright GroupWeb Media LLC 2017
About Us Contact Us Help user name password Client login:    First time user sign up Forgot your login info? Website Directory     Submit Website Search All categoriesAdvertising  GeneralAerospace  GeneralAgriculture  GeneralAirlines  GeneralAmerica - Post 9/11  GeneralApparel  GeneralApple Products  GeneralArchitectural  GeneralArchitecture  ArchitectureArt & Entertainments  Books  Celebrities  Country Music  Dance  Magazines  Movies  Museums  Music  Music Downloads  News & Talk Shows  Performing Arts  Photography  Television  Web SitesArts/Culture  GeneralAuction  GeneralAutomotive  Aftermarket  Classic Autos  Consumer Publications  General  Motorcycle & Bike  Racing  Recreational Vehicle  Repair & Service  Trade PublicationsBlogging & Social Media  Blogging & Social MediaBusiness  Advertising / Marketing  Books  Consumer Research  Direct Marketing  e-Commerce  Entrepreneurs  Finance  Franchise  Human Resources  Insurance  Investment  Management  Markets  Network Marketing  Online Marketing / SEO  Payday Loans  Public Relations  Publications  Real Estate  Retail  Stocks  Supermarkets  Women in BusinessCareers/HR  GeneralChemical  GeneralCoaching / Mentoring  Coaching / MentoringComputers  Apple Products  Databases  Games & Entertainment  General  Hosting  Instruction  Linux / GNU "Open Source"  Macintosh  Microsoft Windows PC  Operating Systems  Programming  Security  Software  Tablet PCs  UtilitiesConstruction  GeneralConsumer  Gifts and Collectibles  Hobbies  Web sites / InternetDesign  Graphic Design  Industrial  WebE-Cigarette  GeneraleCommerce  GeneralEconomy  GeneralEducation  College / University  General  Home Schooling  K-12  Post Graduate  TechnicalElectronics  GeneralEmail Marketing  GeneralEmailWire Press Releases  Press Release TipsEmployment/Careers  GeneralEngineering  GeneralEntertainment  GeneralEnvironment  GeneralEvents / Trade Shows  GeneralFinance  GeneralFood  GeneralFranchise  GeneralFraud / Identity Theft  GeneralGaming  GeneralGovernment  General  Judicial  Law Enforcement  Legislative  Local  National  Public Services  Security  State  TransportationHealthcare  GeneralHome and Family  Banking / Personal Finance  Bereavement / Loss  Home Furnishings / Interiors  Landscaping & Gardening  Marriage / Relationships  Money  Parenting  Payday Loans  Pets  Taxes  Wedding / BridalHome Schooling  GeneralHotels/Resorts  GeneralHousehold  GeneralIndustry  Aerospace / Defense  Agriculture  Apparel / Textiles  Broadcast  Construction / Building  Electrical  Food  Funeral  Healthcare  Leisure / Hospitality  Logistics / Shipping  Manufacturing / Production  Mining / Metals  Oil / Energy  Paper / Forest Products  Plumbing, Heating & AC  Print Media  Printing  Publishing  Radio  Restaurants  Tobacco  ToyInsurance  GeneralInternet/Online  GeneralLegal  GeneralLeisure  GeneralLifestyle  Beauty  Dating / Singles  Diet / Weight Loss  Fashion  Food / Beverage  Health & Fitness  Hotel / Resorts  Pastimes  Restaurants  Retirement  Travel & TourismMachinery  GeneralMaritime  GeneralMedical  Addiction  Allergies  Alternative Medicine  Asthma  Cancer  Cardiology  Chiropractic  Dental  Dermatology  Diabetes  Emergency  Family Medicine  General  General  Geriatrics  Hospitals  Infectious Diseases  Internal Medicine  Managed Care / HMO  Medical Products  Mental Health  Neurology  Nursing  Nutrition  OB / GYN  Pediatrics  Pharmaceuticals  Physical Therapy  Plastic Surgery  Psychology  Radiology / Imaging  Research  Sports Medicine  Surgery  VisionMilitary  GeneralMining/Metals  GeneralMiscellaneous  GeneralNanotechnology  NanotechnologyNon-profit  GeneralOccupational Safety  Occupational SafetyOil/Energy  GeneralOpinion / Editorial  Opinion / EditorialPaper Products  GeneralPaper/Forest  GeneralPharmaceuticals  GeneralPodcasting  Announce  Tools and ServicesPolitics  PoliticsPrint Media  GeneralPublic Utilities  Public UtilitiesPublishing  GeneralRadio  GeneralReal Estate  GeneralReligion  Christian  General  Islam  Jewish  OtherRestaurants  GeneralRetail  GeneralRSS & Content Syndication  RSS & Content SyndicationScience and Research  Science and ResearchSelf-Help / Personal Growth  Self-Help / Personal GrowthShipbuilding  GeneralSociety  African American Interests  Asian Interests  Childrens Issues  Disabled Issues / Disabilities  Gay / Lesbian  Hispanic  Mens Interests  Native American  Senior Citizens  Social Services  Teen Issues/Interests  Womens InterestSoftware  GeneralSports  Baseball  Basketball  Bicycling  Boating / Maritime  Bowling  Boxing  Fishing  Football  Golf  Hockey  Hunting  Martial Arts  Outdoors  Rugby  Soccer  Tennis  Water  Winter/SnowSports/Fitness  GeneralStocks  GeneralSupermarkets  GeneralTechnology  Biotechnology  Computer  Electronics  Enterprise Software  Games  Graphics/Printing/CAD  Hardware / Peripherals  Industrial  Information  Internet  Multimedia  Networking  Public Sector/Government  Robotics  Semiconductor  Software  Telecommunications  WebmastersTelecom  General  WirelessTelevision  GeneralTobacco  GeneralTrade  GeneralTransportation  GeneralTravel  GeneralUtilities  GeneralVolunteer  VolunteerWeather  Weather Home > News By Company > ReportsWeb.com Tweet   Animal Parasiticides Global Market Research Scope, Commercial Analysis and Forecast to 2022 ReportsWeb.com published Animal Parasiticides Global Market from its database. The report covers the market landscape and its growth prospects over the coming years. The report also includes a discussion of the key vendors operating in this market.   (EMAILWIRE.COM, April 04, 2017 ) According to Publisher, the Global Animal Parasiticides market is accounted for $8.16 billion in 2015 and is expected to reach $12.87 billion by 2022 growing at a CAGR of 6.7%. Increasing awareness among people about zoonotic disease and rising adoption of pet animals largely across the globe has made a way for the global animal parasiticide market. With the rise in animal health expenditure, animal-derived food products and animal research along with growing research grants, the market is fueling up. However, preferential adoption of vegetarian diets, stringent approval process for animal Parasiticides and restriction on the use of Parasiticides in food-producing animals are restraining the market to a certain extent. For more information http://www.reportsweb.com/animal-parasiticides-global-market-outlook-2016-2022 Pour-on and Spot-on segment accounted for the largest market share attributing to its formulations in animal parascitides and growing popularity. The dominant market share is swallowed by Europe followed by North America, owing to increasing awareness about animal diseases, growing number of veterinary practitioners and their income levels, and rising demand for animal-derived food products. Moreover, Asia Pacific is expected to be the fastest growing market owing to rise in livestock population and increasing pet adoption. Some of the key players of the Animal Parasiticides market include Bayer AG, Boehringer Ingelheim, Ceva Sante Animale, Elanco, ELI Lilly and Company, Merck & Co., Inc., Novartis AG, Perrigo Company PLC, Sanofi, Vetoquinol S.A., Virbac SA and Zoetis, Inc.. Animal types Covered: - Food-Producing Animals o Cattle o Fish o Pigs o Poultry o Sheep and Goats o Other Food-Producing Animals - Companion Animals o Dogs o Cats o Horses o Other Companion Animals Disease causing organisms Covered: - Endoparasiticides o Heartworms o Lungworms o Gastrointestinal nematode - Ectoparasiticides o Fleas o Mites o Lice Product Types Covered: - Endoparasiticides Products o Oral Liquids o Injectables o Oral Solids Dosage Forms (Tablets, Pills, and Granules) o Feed Additives o Other Endoparasiticide Products - Endectocides Products - Ectoparasiticides Products o Pour-on and Spot-on o Sprays o DIPS o Ear Tags o Collars o Oral Tablets o Other Ectoparasiticide Products Request Sample Copy http://www.reportsweb.com/inquiry&RW0001564986/sample Regions Covered: - North America o US o Canada o Mexico - Europe o Germany o France o Italy o UK o Spain o Rest of Europe - Asia Pacific o Japan o China o India o Australia o New Zealand o Rest of Asia Pacific - Rest of the World o Middle East o Brazil o Argentina o South Africa o Egypt 10 Company Profiling 10.1 Bayer AG 10.2 Boehringer Ingelheim 10.3 Ceva Sante Animale 10.4 Elanco 10.5 ELI Lilly and Company 10.6 Merck & Co., Inc. 10.7 Novartis AG 10.8 Perrigo Company PLC 10.9 Sanofi 10.10 Vetoquinol S.A. 10.11 Virbac SA 10.12 Zoetis, Inc. Make an enquiry: http://www.reportsweb.com/inquiry&RW0001564986/buying Contact Information: ReportsWeb.com Priya Sisodia Tel: +1-646-491-9876 Email us This is a press release. Press release distribution and press release services by EmailWire.Com: http://www.emailwire.com/us-press-release-distribution.php. 
   Search All categoriesAdvertising  GeneralAerospace  GeneralAgriculture  GeneralAirlines  GeneralAmerica - Post 9/11  GeneralApparel  GeneralApple Products  GeneralArchitectural  GeneralArchitecture  ArchitectureArt & Entertainments  Books  Celebrities  Country Music  Dance  Magazines  Movies  Museums  Music  Music Downloads  News & Talk Shows  Performing Arts  Photography  Television  Web SitesArts/Culture  GeneralAuction  GeneralAutomotive  Aftermarket  Classic Autos  Consumer Publications  General  Motorcycle & Bike  Racing  Recreational Vehicle  Repair & Service  Trade PublicationsBlogging & Social Media  Blogging & Social MediaBusiness  Advertising / Marketing  Books  Consumer Research  Direct Marketing  e-Commerce  Entrepreneurs  Finance  Franchise  Human Resources  Insurance  Investment  Management  Markets  Network Marketing  Online Marketing / SEO  Payday Loans  Public Relations  Publications  Real Estate  Retail  Stocks  Supermarkets  Women in BusinessCareers/HR  GeneralChemical  GeneralCoaching / Mentoring  Coaching / MentoringComputers  Apple Products  Databases  Games & Entertainment  General  Hosting  Instruction  Linux / GNU "Open Source"  Macintosh  Microsoft Windows PC  Operating Systems  Programming  Security  Software  Tablet PCs  UtilitiesConstruction  GeneralConsumer  Gifts and Collectibles  Hobbies  Web sites / InternetDesign  Graphic Design  Industrial  WebE-Cigarette  GeneraleCommerce  GeneralEconomy  GeneralEducation  College / University  General  Home Schooling  K-12  Post Graduate  TechnicalElectronics  GeneralEmail Marketing  GeneralEmailWire Press Releases  Press Release TipsEmployment/Careers  GeneralEngineering  GeneralEntertainment  GeneralEnvironment  GeneralEvents / Trade Shows  GeneralFinance  GeneralFood  GeneralFranchise  GeneralFraud / Identity Theft  GeneralGaming  GeneralGovernment  General  Judicial  Law Enforcement  Legislative  Local  National  Public Services  Security  State  TransportationHealthcare  GeneralHome and Family  Banking / Personal Finance  Bereavement / Loss  Home Furnishings / Interiors  Landscaping & Gardening  Marriage / Relationships  Money  Parenting  Payday Loans  Pets  Taxes  Wedding / BridalHome Schooling  GeneralHotels/Resorts  GeneralHousehold  GeneralIndustry  Aerospace / Defense  Agriculture  Apparel / Textiles  Broadcast  Construction / Building  Electrical  Food  Funeral  Healthcare  Leisure / Hospitality  Logistics / Shipping  Manufacturing / Production  Mining / Metals  Oil / Energy  Paper / Forest Products  Plumbing, Heating & AC  Print Media  Printing  Publishing  Radio  Restaurants  Tobacco  ToyInsurance  GeneralInternet/Online  GeneralLegal  GeneralLeisure  GeneralLifestyle  Beauty  Dating / Singles  Diet / Weight Loss  Fashion  Food / Beverage  Health & Fitness  Hotel / Resorts  Pastimes  Restaurants  Retirement  Travel & TourismMachinery  GeneralMaritime  GeneralMedical  Addiction  Allergies  Alternative Medicine  Asthma  Cancer  Cardiology  Chiropractic  Dental  Dermatology  Diabetes  Emergency  Family Medicine  General  General  Geriatrics  Hospitals  Infectious Diseases  Internal Medicine  Managed Care / HMO  Medical Products  Mental Health  Neurology  Nursing  Nutrition  OB / GYN  Pediatrics  Pharmaceuticals  Physical Therapy  Plastic Surgery  Psychology  Radiology / Imaging  Research  Sports Medicine  Surgery  VisionMilitary  GeneralMining/Metals  GeneralMiscellaneous  GeneralNanotechnology  NanotechnologyNon-profit  GeneralOccupational Safety  Occupational SafetyOil/Energy  GeneralOpinion / Editorial  Opinion / EditorialPaper Products  GeneralPaper/Forest  GeneralPharmaceuticals  GeneralPodcasting  Announce  Tools and ServicesPolitics  PoliticsPrint Media  GeneralPublic Utilities  Public UtilitiesPublishing  GeneralRadio  GeneralReal Estate  GeneralReligion  Christian  General  Islam  Jewish  OtherRestaurants  GeneralRetail  GeneralRSS & Content Syndication  RSS & Content SyndicationScience and Research  Science and ResearchSelf-Help / Personal Growth  Self-Help / Personal GrowthShipbuilding  GeneralSociety  African American Interests  Asian Interests  Childrens Issues  Disabled Issues / Disabilities  Gay / Lesbian  Hispanic  Mens Interests  Native American  Senior Citizens  Social Services  Teen Issues/Interests  Womens InterestSoftware  GeneralSports  Baseball  Basketball  Bicycling  Boating / Maritime  Bowling  Boxing  Fishing  Football  Golf  Hockey  Hunting  Martial Arts  Outdoors  Rugby  Soccer  Tennis  Water  Winter/SnowSports/Fitness  GeneralStocks  GeneralSupermarkets  GeneralTechnology  Biotechnology  Computer  Electronics  Enterprise Software  Games  Graphics/Printing/CAD  Hardware / Peripherals  Industrial  Information  Internet  Multimedia  Networking  Public Sector/Government  Robotics  Semiconductor  Software  Telecommunications  WebmastersTelecom  General  WirelessTelevision  GeneralTobacco  GeneralTrade  GeneralTransportation  GeneralTravel  GeneralUtilities  GeneralVolunteer  VolunteerWeather  Weather Advertising | How to contact us | Privacy Statement | EmailWire Press Releases | Partnership Opportunities EmailWire is a press release distribution service of GroupWeb Media LLC. © Copyright GroupWeb Media LLC 2017
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 4 April 2017 by Military News Pain Management Therapeutics Market Deep Research Study with Forecast by 2025 Albany, NY — (SBWIRE) — 04/03/2017 — Pain Management Therapeutics Market: Overview Pain management therapeutics comprise various methods to ease varied degrees of pain among patients and improve their quality of life. Pharmaceutical therapeutics are usually the first line of treatment for pain management and if this does not work, patients opt for other methods such as pain managing devices, physiotherapy, and chiropractic therapy. Pain management therapeutics can be categorized into antidepressants, anticonvulsants, opioids, anesthetics, antimigraine agents, non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drugs (NSAIDS), and non-narcotic analgesics. Various drugs are used for the management of different kinds of pain, such as fibromyalgia, neuropathic pain, arthritic pain, chronic back pain, post-operative pain, migraine, and cancer-related pain. A common trend that has been observed among patients is the consumption of over-the-counter (OTC) drugs rather than prescription drugs. Request a Brochure of the Report @ https://www.tmrresearch.com/sample/sample?flag=B&rep_id=1724 Pain Management Therapeutics Market: Trends The growing prevalence of chronic diseases such as diabetes and cancer has been single-handedly driving the demand for pain management therapeutics and the number of people suffering from this kind of pain has been surging at a substantial rate. In addition to this, a massive geriatric population susceptible to arthritis, nerve damage, neuropathy, and joint pain is also boosting the market for pain management therapeutics. Supplementing market growth are favorable regulatory scenarios in many developed countries around the world. However, as more and more patients opt for generic pain management drugs, the branded segment has been suffering a major setback. Moreover, the patent expiries of a number of blockbuster drugs will have a significant impact on the overall market for pain management therapeutics. Request for TOC of the Report @ https://www.tmrresearch.com/sample/sample?flag=T&rep_id=1724 Pain Management Therapeutics Market: Market Potential Despite the fact that leading brands are nearing a point of saturation, the pain management therapeutics market possesses strong potential for growth, particularly for smaller players. For instance, looking to expand its footprint in the global market as well as strengthen its U.S. pharmaceutical unit, Ireland-based Endo International plc acquired Auxilium Pharmaceuticals in 2015. The company also launched the BELBUCA Bucccal Film in 2016, which is used for the management of chronic pain. Purdue Pharma, headquartered in Connecticut, U.S., ventured into a patent agreement with Acura Pharmaceuticals, Inc. and Egalet Corporation in 2016 for the development and sales of opioid pain management medicines. Pain Management Therapeutics Market: Regional Outlook Geographically, the global market for pain management therapeutics comprises North America, Europe, Latin America, Asia Pacific, and the Middle East and Africa. North America and Europe hold the largest share in the overall market and are slated to continue their dominance throughout the forecast period. The rising consumption of advanced pain management drugs and the availability of well-established and sophisticated healthcare infrastructure are the key factors driving the North America and Europe pain management therapeutics market. Asia Pacific is an immensely lucrative region and a number of players are looking to expand their operations in the many emerging countries in the region. This can be attributed to strong economic growth in nations such as China, India, Malaysia, and Japan, rising investments in the healthcare industry in these countries, and the increasing affordability of the population. Read Complete Report @ https://www.tmrresearch.com/pain-management-therapeutics-market Pain Management Therapeutics Market: Competitive Analysis There are a host of generic as well as branded drug manufacturers in the global pain management therapeutics market. These include GlaxoSmithKline plc, Novartis AG, Johnson & Johnson, Abbott Laboratories, AstraZeneca, Teva Pharmaceutical Industries Limited, Merck & Co., Inc., Purdue Pharma L.P., Endo Pharmaceuticals, Inc., Mallinckrodt Pharmaceuticals, Depomed, Inc., and Pfizer, Inc. Although companies producing branded pain management therapeutics have a strong foothold in the market, the market is actually dominated by generic drug manufacturers, giving small- and medium-scale players immense scope for growth. About TMR Research TMR Research is a premier provider of customized market research and consulting services to business entities keen on succeeding in todayâ€™s supercharged economic climate. Armed with an experienced, dedicated, and dynamic team of analysts, we are redefining the way our clientsâ€™ conduct business by providing them with authoritative and trusted research studies in tune with the latest methodologies and market trends. Our savvy custom-built reports span a gamut of industries such as pharmaceuticals, chemicals and metals, food and beverages, and technology and media, among others. With actionable insights uncovered through in-depth research of the market, we try to bring about game-changing success for our clients. CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Global Luxury Hotels Market-Marriott International, Hilton, Starwood Hotels & Resorts (Marriott), Hyatt Hotels Next PostNext Paints and Coatings for Global Market, Trend, Public Demand, Forecast 2025 Search Recent Posts Chromium Silicon Market Productions Supply Sales Demand Market Status and Forecast Research Report 2017 Chromium Silicon Market Productions Supply Sales Demand Market Status and Forecast Research Report 2017 Berkshire Hathaway HomeServices Select Realty Honors Associates Divi Resorts Offers Up to 50% Off Caribbean Travel for Limited-Time Easter Promotion Led2Serve Launches Service Learning Journeys in Washington DC Business Directory Business Contacts Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 4 April 2017 by Military News Pancreatic Cancer Therapeutics Market – Epidemiology Analysis, Therapy, Development and Demand Forecast to 2023 The global pancreatic cancer therapeutics market holds numerous opportunities for the key players, as pancreatic cancer is a highly challenging disease among all types of cancer, which has no specific treatment available for it, as of now. Also, growing incidence of cancer and technological advancements are supporting the growth of the global pancreatic cancer therapeutics market growth. Explore Report at: www.psmarketresearch.com/market-analysis/pancreatic-cance… Cancer instigates uncountable growth of cells due to some abnormalities in the body. Some of the common symptoms of pancreatic cancer include weight loss, diarrhea, jaundice and abdominal pain. Cancer hampers the pancreas’ normal functioning, with smoking being the major risk factor for pancreatic cancer. Diagnosis of this type of cancer is done by patient history check and complete physical examination, followed by urine, stool and blood tests. Also, personal or family history of pancreatitis and BRCA2 mutation inclines a person to be affected by pancreatic cancer. A number of imaging techniques such as MRI, ultrasound and CT scan are used for the disease diagnosis. The most common form of treatment is chemotherapy done by medical practitioners and oncologists. The drugs approved for the pancreatic cancer treatment include, but are not limited to ONIVYDE (irinotecan liposome injection); 5-FU (fluorouracil); Gemzar (gemcitabine); and ABRAXANE (albumin-bound paclitaxel). Apart from this, FOLFIRINOX, a combination of three chemotherapy drugs (5-FU/leucovorin, irinotecan, and oxaliplatin) is commonly used in the treatment of metastatic pancreatic adenocarcinoma. Other emerging treatments involve chemotherapies for advanced pancreatic cancer, combined with agents already approved for use, which are being investigated in clinical trials. Request for Table of Content at: www.psmarketresearch.com/market-analysis/pancreatic-cance… The investment in both segments of pancreatic cancers is significant. However, the growing prevalence and growing reach of novel techniques in the developing regions are the aspects likely to drive the growth of the exocrine category, throughout the forecast period. Presently, the global pancreatic cancer therapeutics industry is merged in nature, with only a few top companies seizing the major share of the market. Some of the top companies operating in this market are Celgene Corporation; Eli Lilly and Company; Amgen, Inc.; F. Hoffmann-La Roche AG; PharmaCyte Biotech, Inc.; Novartis AG; Teva Pharmaceutical Industries Ltd.; Clovis Oncology; Pfizer, Inc.; and Merck & Co., Inc. Browse Other Related report at: www.psmarketresearch.com/industry-report/pharmaceuticals Several companies are concentrating on the introduction of technologically advanced products, in order to obtain a significant share in the fast-growing medical devices area. Also, collaborations, mergers and partnerships with well-established players are the key approaches followed by top players to increase their market share, during the forecast period. About P&S Market Research P&S Market Research is a market research company, which offers market research and consulting services for various geographies around the globe. We provide market research reports, industry forecasting reports, business intelligence, and research based consulting services across different industry/business verticals. As one of the top growing market research agency, we’re keen upon providing market landscape and accurate forecasting. Our analysts and consultants are proficient with business intelligence and market analysis, through their interaction with leading companies of the concerned domain. We help our clients with B2B market research and assist them in identifying various windows of opportunity, and framing informed and customized business expansion strategies in different regions. Contact: Abhishek Executive – Client Partner 347, 5th Ave. #1402 New York City, NY – 10016 Toll-free: +1-888-778-7886 (USA/Canada) Email: enquiry@psmarketresearch.com Web: www.psmarketresearch.com 347, 5th Ave. #1402 New York City, NY – 10016 This release was published on openPR. CategoriesUncategorized TagsHealth & Medicine Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Benign Prostatic Hyperplasia Therapeutics Market – Epidemiology Analysis, Therapy, Development, Growth and Demand Forecast to 2023 Next PostNext Good communication helps improve outcomes for heart patients Search Recent Posts Mobile Money Market Key Growth Factors and Industry Analysis 2017-2027 Global Sodium Petroleum Sulfonate Market 2017 Analysis by Application Cyber Security Industry 2017-2020: Top Key Manufactures (Lockheed Martin, McAfee, Symantec), Outlook, Challenges, Trends, Demand, Share and Applications Strapping Tapes Market Growth, Demand and Key Players to 2027 Automotive Maintenance Tools Market to Reflect Impressive Growth Rate Business Directory Business Contacts Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 4 April 2017 by Military News Global Esophageal Cancer Therapeutics Market Analysis, Development and Demand Forecast to 2023 Global esophageal cancer therapeutics market is expected to witness significant growth with an increasing awareness regarding cancer treatment and technological advancements. Also, high demand for safe and effective medications and rising prevalence of cancer are driving the growth of the global market. The regulatory bodies such as USFDA, EMA are supporting the growth of the global market by providing funding, designations and grants for speeding up the drug development process. Explore Report at: www.psmarketresearch.com/market-analysis/esophageal-cance… Esophageal cancer involves formation of malignant cells in the tissues of the esophagus. Esophagus is a muscular tube that enable food and liquids to move from the throat to the stomach. The main types of esophageal cancer are adenocarcinoma and squamous cell carcinoma. Adenocarcinoma forms in cells that produce and release mucus and other fluids. Squamous cell carcinoma forms in flat cells lining the esophagus. Esophageal squamous cell carcinoma includes heavy alcohol consumption and smoking as major risk factors, with gastroesophageal reflux disease and Barrett esophagus further contributing as the risk factors of esophageal adenocarcinoma. Esophageal cancer has no early signs or symptoms; therefore, an advanced stage diagnosis is difficult. Some of the major drivers for the global esophageal cancer therapeutics market include combination therapies, treatment advancements, increasing number of regulatory approvals for esophageal cancer and a rise in the number of cancer treatment centers. Moreover, the launch of new drug therapies for esophageal cancer is expected to contribute as a key market driver in the near future. Also with a dense pipeline, many new drug candidates are expected to enter the global esophageal cancer therapeutics market. Safety concerns and efficacy of the treatment are the major factors that can hinder the market growth over the forecast period. Other factors hampering the market growth include low availability of drugs commercially and high cost of therapy for the treatment of esophageal cancer. Request for Table of Content at: www.psmarketresearch.com/market-analysis/esophageal-cance… Certain chemotherapy medications such as Doxorubicin, Bleomycin, Vinblastine, Dacarbazine, Chlorambucil, Procarbazine Prednisolone, Mustine, Vincristine, Etoposide, Cyclophosphamide, Gemcitabine, Cisplatin and Cytarabine are well established as a conventional method. Immunotherapy, combination therapy, monoclonal antibodies and steroids have also been showing good results for the treatment of esophageal cancer. Browse Other Related Report at: www.psmarketresearch.com/industry-report/pharmaceuticals Some of the key players operating in the global esophageal cancer therapeutics market include Genentech, Inc., Sanofi-Aventis, Eli Lilly and Company, Ono Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd., Merck & Co., Inc., Johnson & Johnson Pharmaceutical Research & Development, LLC, Gilead Sciences, and Bristol-Myers Squibb, among others. About P&S Market Research P&S Market Research is a market research company, which offers market research and consulting services for various geographies around the globe. We provide market research reports, industry forecasting reports, business intelligence, and research based consulting services across different industry/business verticals. As one of the top growing market research agency, we’re keen upon providing market landscape and accurate forecasting. Our analysts and consultants are proficient with business intelligence and market analysis, through their interaction with leading companies of the concerned domain. We help our clients with B2B market research and assist them in identifying various windows of opportunity, and framing informed and customized business expansion strategies in different regions. Contact: Abhishek Executive – Client Partner 347, 5th Ave. #1402 New York City, NY – 10016 Toll-free: +1-888-778-7886 (USA/Canada) Email: enquiry@psmarketresearch.com Web: www.psmarketresearch.com 347, 5th Ave. #1402 New York City, NY – 10016 This release was published on openPR. CategoriesUncategorized TagsHealth & Medicine Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Benign Prostatic Hyperplasia Therapeutics Market – Epidemiology Analysis, Therapy, Development, Growth and Demand Forecast to 2023 Next PostNext Good communication helps improve outcomes for heart patients Search Recent Posts U.S. EPA Administrator Scott Pruitt Meets with Saskatchewan Premier Brad Wall Press Releases: North Korean Missile Launch Testing, Inspection, and Certification Market: Global Industry Information, Trends, Outlook, Analysis and Forecast to 2025 Managed Security Services Market Worth US$ 100.88 Bn by 2026 Operational Predictive Maintenance Market Worth US $3.1 Bn by 2024 Business Directory Business Contacts Proudly powered by WordPress
News Specialties CME / CE Collections Medical News Latest Medical News Health Policy Practice Management Public Health Washington Watch Meeting Coverage Blogs & Columns Specialties Allergy & Immunology Anesthesiology Cardiology Critical Care Dermatology Emergency Medicine Endocrinology Gastroenterology Genetics Geriatrics HIV / AIDS Hospital-Based Medicine Infectious Disease Nephrology Neurology Nursing OB / GYN Oncology / Hematology Ophthalmology Orthopedics Pain Management Pathology Pediatrics Primary Care Psychiatry Pulmonology Radiology Rheumatology Surgery Transplantation Urology Continuing Medical Education CME / CE Clinical Context State Required CME Graduate Medical Education CME Tracker Mastery Of Medicine Collections AGA Reading Room ASCO Reading Room Endocrine Society Reading Room Surveys Quizzes Special Reports Sign Up Log In Sign Up Log In Search FDA Advisers Down on OTC Combos For Tummy Trouble Military Suicides An 'Epidemic': Psychiatric Times & Neurology Times Getting Psychiatry Off the Couch High Drug Prices Remain a Conundrum, Analysts Say iMedicalApps: Upload Documents to EMRs Instantly LATEST MEDICAL NEWS Meeting Coverage cme/ce PD-1 Drug Exceeds Survival History in NSCLC Fourfold greater 5-year survival MedpageToday savesaved register today Earn Free CME Credits by reading the latest medical news in your specialty.sign up by Charles Bankhead Charles Bankhead Senior Associate Editor, MedPage Today April 04, 2017 Action Points Note that this study was published as an abstract and presented at a conference. These data and conclusions should be considered to be preliminary until published in a peer-reviewed journal. Long-term survival in non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC) exceeded historical standards in patients treated with the programmed death-1 (PD-1) immune checkpoint inhibitor antibody nivolumab (Opdivo), according to a 129-patient study. This study has the longest survival follow-up for an immune checkpoint inhibitor in advanced non-small cell lung cancer, with some patients surviving beyond 5 years. WASHINGTON -- Long-term survival in non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC) exceeded historical standards among patients treated with the immune checkpoint inhibitor nivolumab (Opdivo), according to a study reported here. The 129 patients in the study had an estimated 5-year overall survival of 16%. Among those with measurable levels of PD-L1 expression, 5-year survival ranged as high as 43%. Nivolumab often led to durable responses, lasting beyond 5 years, Julie Brahmer, MD, of the Sidney Kimmel Comprehensive Cancer Center at Johns Hopkins, reported at the American Association for Cancer Research (AACR) meeting. "This study has the longest survival follow-up for an immune checkpoint inhibitor in advanced non-small cell lung cancer," Brahmer said during an AACR press briefing. "Long-term survivors had diverse baseline characteristics. The majority of long-term survivors had durable responses to nivolumab, although some had stable disease or progressive disease as the best overall response." "Nivolumab is an established standard of care in patients with previously treated advanced non-small cell lung cancer, based on the results of two pivotal phase III trials," she added. The trial results have both clinical and historical significance, said press briefing moderator Suzanne Topalian, MD, also of Johns Hopkins. "The results of this trial were a landmark in the history of immunotherapy for cancer because it showed for the very first time that immunotherapy could be used to treat common cancers, not just melanoma, not just kidney cancer," said Topalian. "It brought immunotherapy out of the realm of a specialized treatment into the broader arena of oncology." "The 5-year survival observed in this study quadrupled what we would otherwise expect if these patients had received chemotherapy," Topalian added. Prior to the introduction of immunotherapy, patients with NSCLC had few treatment options for disease that progressed after first-line platinum-based chemotherapy. Most patients died within a year, and fewer than 5% of patients survived 5 years, said Brahmer. In a phase Ib dose-escalation expansion trial, nivolumab demonstrated substantial antitumor activity in patients with heavily pretreated NSCLC. Brahmer reported findings from the most recent update of the trial, which has the longest follow-up to date of patients with advanced NSCLC treated with nivolumab. The study involved 129 patients with ECOG 0-1 performance status and advanced NSCLC treated with as many as five prior lines of therapy. They received one of three doses of nivolumab (1, 3, or 10 mg/kg every 2 weeks). Treatment continued for a maximum of 96 weeks or until disease progression or development of unacceptable toxicity. The trial had a primary endpoint of safety/tolerability, secondary objective of antitumor activity, and exploratory objectives of overall survival (OS) and PD-L1 analyses. The trial exceeded historical survival results beginning with year 1 (42%), followed by a 2-year OS of 24%, 3-year OS of 18%, and 5-year OS of 16%. The patients had a median OS of 9.9 months. Survival varied greatly by PD-L1 expression status, which was assessed in 68 patients. Patients with <1% PD-L1 expression (N=30) had a 5-year OS of 20%, increasing to 23% for patients with PD-L1 ≥1% (N=38) and to 43% for the small subgroup (N=13) whose tumors had ≥50% PD-L1 expression. An extensive examination of clinical, demographic, and biological characteristics failed to identify any factors that distinguished 5-year survivors from patients who did not survive to 5 years, said Brahmer. The 5-year survivors did not differ from the overall patients group with respect to age, ECOG performance status, number of prior systemic therapies, smoking status, tumor histology, EGFR status, PD-L1 status, or treatment-related adverse events. Similarly, the on-trial profiles of 5-year survivors varied considerably. A dozen patients had partial responses, and most completed the planned nivolumab treatment (22 to 24 months), but several discontinued treatment because of adverse events. Two patients had stable disease as best response and both eventually had disease progression but survived for at least 5 years. Two patients initially had progressive disease, but one finished the planned treatment course and another continued nivolumab for several months. All but four of the 5-year survivors received no subsequent therapy, according to Brahmer. One patient had surgical resection of pulmonary nodules but no further treatment. One patient had surgery followed by several systemic therapies. The remaining two patients had additional systemic therapy. The study was supported by Bristol-Myers Squibb. Brahmer disclosed relationships with Bristol-Myers Squibb, Celgene, Eli Lilly, Merck & Co., Syndax, Medimmune/AstraZeneca, Johnson & Johnson, Incyte, and Five Prime Therapeutics. Reviewed by Henry A. Solomon, MD, FACP, FACC Clinical Associate Professor, Weill Cornell Medical College and Dorothy Caputo, MA, BSN, RN, Nurse Planner This activity is part of our Clinical Context curriculum in Lung Cancer 2017-04-04T17:15:00-0400 Primary Source American Association for Cancer Research Source Reference: Brahmer J, et al "Five-year follow-up from the CA209-003 study of nivolumab in previously treated advanced non-small cell lung cancer: Clinical characteristics of long-term survivors" AACR 2017; Abstract CT077. take posttest 0 comments More in Meeting Coverage Getting Psychiatry Off the Couch CDK4/6 Agent Active in Metastatic Breast Cancer Cancer Diagnosis Tied to Suicide Risk PD-1 Drug Exceeds Survival History in NSCLC About Help Center Site Map Terms of Use Privacy Policy Advertise with us Your Ad Choices The material on this site is for informational purposes only, and is not a substitute for medical advice, diagnosis or treatment provided by a qualified health care provider. © 2017 MedPage Today, LLC. All rights reserved.
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 4 April 2017 by Military News Kaposi Sarcoma Market: Patent Expiry of Blockbuster Drugs for Treatment of Kaposi Sarcoma to Present Lucrative Opportunities Kaposi sarcoma is a soft tissue sarcoma that develops in connective tissues, blood vessels, fibrous tissues, and muscles. It is a malignant, multi-centric, neoplastic vascular proliferation, characterized by the development of bluish-red cutaneous nodules on the feet. According to the U.S. Center for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC), Kaposi sarcoma is considered an acquired immune deficiency syndrome (AIDS) defining disease. This report analyzes the current and future prospects of the market based on type of treatment, distribution channel, and geography. The report is a combination of primary and secondary research, conducted for understanding and arriving at trends, used to forecast the expected revenue of major Kaposi sarcoma therapies in the near future. Primary research formed the bulk of our research efforts with information collected from in-depth interviews and discussions with a number of key industry experts and opinion leaders. Secondary research involved study of company websites, annual reports, press releases, investor presentations, and various international and national databases. Browse Market Research Report @ www.transparencymarketresearch.com/kaposis-sarcoma-market… The report provides estimated market size in terms of US$ Mn for each treatment method, distribution channel, and geography for the period 2014 to 2024, considering the macro and micro environmental factors. The revenue generated from each treatment method was calculated by considering number of patients, average cost of the drugs, trends in the industry, distribution channel trends, and adoption rate of therapy across all the geographies. The revenues generated from services, including surgery and radiation therapy were calculated based on the costs and average number of procedures. The market report comprises an elaborate executive summary, which includes a market snapshot that provides information about various segments of the market. It also provides information and data analysis of the market with respect to market segments based on type of treatment, distribution channel, and geography. The market overview section of the report analyzes market dynamics such as drivers, restraints, and opportunities that influence the Kaposi sarcoma market in the current and future scenario. The report provides the list of drugs in various stages of clinical trials, which are expected to shape the future course of the market, through pipeline analysis. The report also provides value chain analysis of the market that describes the sequence of activities from drug manufacturing to the final destination, which is the end user. Fill the form to gain deeper insights on this market @ www.transparencymarketresearch.com/sample/sample.php?flag… Market share analysis is provided to highlight percentage share of the major players operating in the market. All these factors will help market players to decide business strategies and plans to strengthen their position in the global market. Based on geography, the market has been analyzed for major regions: North America, Europe, Asia Pacific, Latin America, and Middle East and Africa. Market forecast for major countries in these regions have also been provided for the forecast period. In addition, this report includes a list of recommendations to aid new entrants and established players in taking strategic initiatives to strengthen their presence in the market. The report also profiles the major players in the market and provides various attributes such as company overview, financial overview, product portfolio, business strategies, and recent developments. Major companies profiled in the Kaposi sarcoma market report are Bristol – Myers Squibb, Eli Lilly and Co., Hoffman-La Roche, Inc., GlaxoSmithKline plc, Johnson & Johnson, Pfizer, Inc., and Schering Plough Corporation (Merck & Co., Inc.) About Us Transparency Market Research (TMR) is a global market intelligence company providing business information reports and services. The company’s exclusive blend of quantitative forecasting and trend analysis provides forward-looking insight for thousands of decision makers. TMR’s experienced team of analysts, researchers, and consultants use proprietary data sources and various tools and techniques to gather and analyze information. Our business offerings represent the latest and the most reliable information indispensable for businesses to sustain a competitive edge. Contact Us Transparency Market Research State Tower, 90 State Street, Suite 700 Albany, NY 12207 United States Tel: +1-518-618-1030 USA – Canada Toll Free: 866-552-3453 Email: sales@transparencymarketresearch.com Website: www.transparencymarketresearch.com This release was published on openPR. CategoriesUncategorized TagsHealth & Medicine Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Global Meat Snacks Market 2016 Industry, Analysis, Research, Share, Growth, Sales, Trends, Supply, Forecast to 2021 Next PostNext Combination Therapies in Aesthetics Market to Incur Rapid Extension During 2016 to 2026 Search Recent Posts Global TV Market 2017-2021 AAG Energy Announces 2016 Annual Results Innovation Emerges From Earthquake Challenges Zespri reports interest in bidding round for Gold3 licenses Reporter Memo: Arctic National Wildlife Refuge Business Directory Business Contacts Proudly powered by WordPress
Today: April 5, 2017, 9:03 am ﻿ HOME SIGN UP! NEW PRESS RELEASE CATEGORIES Your current selected language is German Click below to switsch to English ﻿ HOME SIGN UP! NEW PRESS RELEASE CATEGORIES ﻿ Health Global Monoclonal Antibody Therapeutics Market Analysis by Segments, Size and Forecast 2016 - 2024 The global monoclonal antibody therapeutics market will be worth US$245.8 bn by 2024 from US$86.7 bn in 2015. During the forecast years of 2016 and 2024, the global monoclonal antibody therapeutics market is expected to rise at a CAGR of 12.6%.   PR-Inside.com: 2017-04-04 12:35:18 Several market players are collaborating with local and well-established companies and research facilities to strengthen their position. Transparency Market Research has observed that companies will continue to partner in order to reduce the high cost involved in the production of monoclonal antibodies, investments in research and development, and need for trained staff. Some of the leading players operating in the demanding global market are Bayer AG, Pfizer Inc., Sanofi, F. Hoffmann-La Roche Ltd., Merck & Co., Inc., GlaxoSmithKline Plc., Novartis AG, and AbbVie Inc. The extensive research report by Transparency Market Research states that the global monoclonal antibody therapeutics market will be worth US$245.8 bn by 2024 from US$86.7 bn in 2015. During the forecast years of 2016 and 2024, the global market is expected to rise at a CAGR of 12.6%. Obtain Report Details @ www.transparencymarketresearch.com/monoclonal-antibody-therapeut .. Access to Affordable Healthcare across North America Amplifies Demand for Monoclonal Antibody Therapeutics Monoclonal antibody therapeutics are used for treating cancer, autoimmune diseases, infection, ophthalmological diseases, and hematological diseases among others. Of these, the autoimmune diseases segment is projected to rise at a phenomenal pace during the forecast period. Increasing incidence of autoimmune diseases that affect the overall population has triggered a significant demand for these therapeutics. All throughout the forecast period of 2016 and 2024, the global market is expected to rise at a CAGR of 13.5%. In terms of geography, the global market is segmented into North America, Europe, Asia Pacific, Latin America, and the Middle East and Africa. Regionally, North America is expected to dominate the global market due to growing healthcare facilities across the region. Furthermore, affordable healthcare available to patients has also augmented the demand for monoclonal antibody therapeutics across North America during the forecast period. By the end of 2024, the North America monoclonal antibody therapeutics market is expected to acquire a share of 37.9% in the global market. Approvals and Commercialization of New Products Ups Sales The global monoclonal antibody therapeutics market is expected to grow at a remarkable pace due to the high incidence of chronic diseases like cancer. The growing health concerns and the increasing diagnoses of cancer in various stages as boosted the demand for these therapeutics in recent years. The latest research by the World Health Organization predicts that the world will witness a 70% spike in the overall cancer cases, of which 60% of the cases will be attributable to Latin America, Asia, and Africa. The incremental approvals in monoclonal antibody products across Europe and the U.S. have also contributed to soaring revenue of the global market. The report by TMR suggests that about five to six monoclonal antibodies are approved each year in these regions. Out of the 60 monoclonal antibodies approved in Europe in 2015, 48 have hit the market. Thus, the widening product portfolio that comes in a broad price range has also played a key role in encouraging the uptake of monoclonal antibody therapeutics. High Cost of Production Dissuades Market Growth Though the market is estimated to have a bright potential, it is likely to be shadowed by a few restraints. The increasing production of biosimilars that are also used for treating various chronic conditions and autoimmune diseases are expected to eat into the market share of monoclonal antibody therapeutics market. Furthermore, the patent cliff of several products is also likely to have a negative impact on the overall earnings of the global market. The market is also anticipated to face a tough challenge due to the high cost of monoclonal antibodies as their production is exceptionally time-consuming and demands strict adherence to rules and regulations. Fill the form for an exclusive sample of this report @ www.transparencymarketresearch.com/sample/sample.php?flag=S&rep_ .. About Us Transparency Market Research (TMR) is a market intelligence company, providing global business information reports and services. Our exclusive blend of quantitative forecasting and trends analysis provides forward-looking insight for thousands of decision makers. We have an experienced team of Analysts, Researchers, and Consultants, who us e proprietary data sources and various tools and techniques to gather, and analyze information. Our business offerings represent the latest and the most reliable information indispensable for businesses to sustain a competitive edge. Press Information Published by Rohit Bhisey +1-518-618-1030 e-mail www.transparencymarketresearch.com/ # 725 Words Related Articles More From The Author Global Biodegradable Stents Market by Stent Type, [..] The global hospital acquired infection treatment market in 2015 was dominated by a handful of players, including Abbott, Pfizer, [..] Medical Suction Devices Market: Growth and Opportunities [..] Suction devices have a wide range of applications in the clinical environment and are used to remove fluid and other [..] Global Hospital Acquired Infection Treatment Market By [..] The global hospital acquired infection treatment market in 2015 was dominated by a handful of players, including Abbott, Pfizer, [..] Sulfur Dioxide Market North America Industry Analysis [..] This research study analyzes the market for sulfur dioxide in terms of revenue (US$ Mn) and volume (Million tons). The [..] Cardiac Rhythm Management Devices Market to Reach [..] Transparency Market Research states that the competitive landscape in the global cardiac rhythm management devices batteries market [..]   More From Health Frost & Sullivan independent industry report identifies [..] PERTH, W. AUSTRALIA, Mar 28, 2017 - (ACN Newswire) - Proteomics International Laboratories Ltd (PILL; ASX:PIQ) is the leader in [..] New dynamics in monitoring diagnostics in leukemia Dresden/Germany Diagnosis leukemia and stem cell transplantation The diagnosis "leukemia" for patients means to undergo [..] PromarkerD Predictive Diagnostics for DKD to Roll-out [..] PERTH, AUSTRALIA, Mar 22, 2017 - (ACN Newswire) - Proteomics International Laboratories Ltd ('PILL'; ASX: PIQ), a world leader [..] Do Prostalgene Drops Help To Restore Prostate [..] Prostate enlargement is among the most common health problems for men over 50. With age the incidence of this condition [..] Is OnycoSolve Spray The Key To Obliterating [..] Toenail fungus is an undesirable but stubborn infection that comes with sweating, itching, cracking and scaling of the feet, inflammations, [..] Disclaimer: If you have any questions regarding information in this press release please contact the company added in the press release. Please do not contact pr-inside. We will not be able to assist you. PR-inside disclaims the content included in this release. ﻿ Home Sign Up! New Press Release Categories Terms Of Service Privacy About Us Contact Us                
