Catalyst Multimedia Today's Paper Topics ePaper WealthCheck SEARCH Follow Home News Markets Companies Money & Banking Economy Info-tech Opinion Specials BLink Portfolio Auto focus Clean Tech Emerging Entrepreneurs Flight Plan India File India Interior Pulse Technophile Luxe New Manager How a nimble Merck is building on a 349-year legacy PT Jyothi Datta comments   ·   print   ·   T+  ·   T- Tweet ANAND NAMBIAR, Merck’s Managing Director in India Family-owned German multinational Merck is poised for a twin milestone, clocking 50 years of business in India this year, and 350 years internationally next year. “We tout that (the 349 years) a lot because companies don't really last or exist that long and stay viable and grow for that long if you don’t have certain core competencies and core principles and culture that you continuously develop and adapt and move,” says Anand Nambiar, Merck’s Managing Director in India. The company has a listed entity in India with revenues pushing ₹1,000 crore, but nevertheless retains an almost reclusive persona, revealing little of its history through the World Wars down to inventing liquid crystals that make it to your smartphones and televisions.Adaptability is the key The road ahead is fraught with challenges, as the cost of healthcare spirals out of control and drugmakers come under greater governmental scrutiny. “In fact, somebody recently asked one of our board members, ‘What is your impression of Trump and how does it impact Merck?’ The simple answer is that we are 349 years old, so we’ve seen the Trumps and others come and go. One of our strengths is our ability to adapt and move and be nimble at the same time,” says Nambiar, speaking candidly of Merck’s transformation and his own personal challenges. “Over the years, Merck has seen lots of adversities, through two World Wars, the expropriation of our unit in the US and, therefore, the formation of a different entity in the US. And then during the Second World War, we were practically grounded and had to start again from scratch,” recalls Nambiar. But, over the years, Merck has grown from being a traditional pharma company to “more of a science and technology leader,” he says.The winds of change The past 10 years have seen the company transform itself, with the Merck family (which owns 70 per cent stake) handing over the reins of governance to professionals outside. Even the executive board was transformed last year from a “German male-dominated sort of board to a multicultural diverse board.” The head of healthcare is a woman from Spain, Belén Garijo, and the life sciences chief Udit Batra is Indian. “Of the six members, two are from outside Germany. Diversity is big in the group, including in India,” he says. Merck’s profitability has grown from single digits earlier to 29 per cent in 2016. “That’s not something that every company can boast of. It has been quality growth, and obviously that has a trickle effect on subsidiaries all over the world,” says Nambiar.Finding the ‘sweet spot’ But market competition is hotting up. Drug majors like GlaxoSmithKline and Novartis allied to become a behemonth in the consumer healthcare segment. “From a scale standpoint, we are very different from some of those companies. We have to find our little sweet spot where we can play,” responds Nambair. Merck focusses on five or six key brands in consumer healthcare, which resonate with the consumer and the prescriber, he explains. In India, Neurobion, for example, is a ₹150-crore-plus brand. Responding to the challenges of price control on medicines, Nambiar echoes the industry’s observation that it has not improved access to the product. Access requires a multi-dimensional effort looking at costs in delivery, drugs, treatment, prescribers, infrastructure and so on, he says. That said, regulators across the world work with the interest of their citizens in mind, and companies need to abide by it, he adds. Great expectations India is close to the heart of the Merck family, dating back to a time when Rabindranath Tagore stayed with them and one of the Mercks translating Gitanjali in German. So, does being an Indian head of a multinational that understands India make Nambiar’s task more difficult? “It’s a bitter-sweet sensation. The expectations are very high,” he says. Merck has been doing business in India since the late 1800s. Given the close ties, “our business size is not representative of that expectation: that’s the gap that I have to fill as quickly as possible.” (This article was published on April 28, 2017) Post Comment Related TOPICS chemicals | pharmaceutical | Companies  »  Merck Limited Quotes Snapshot Company Background Board of Directors Balance Sheet Profit & Loss Quarterly Results Financial Ratios Share Holding Pattern Score Board MF Holdings News Get more of your favourite news delivered to your inbox SEND MY NEWS Please enter your email. Thank You. Newsletter has been successfully subscribed. Tweet Please Wait while comments are loading... 1.  Comments will be moderated by The Hindu Business Line editorial team. 2.  Comments that are abusive, personal, incendiary or irrelevant cannot be published. 3.  Please write complete sentences. Do not type comments in all capital letters,       or in all lower case letters, or using abbreviated text.       (example: u cannot substitute for you, d is not 'the', n is not 'and'). 4.  We may remove hyperlinks within comments. 5.  Please use a genuine email ID and provide your name, to avoid rejection. BusinessLine Infographics Infographic Series: Explore the Indian economy in graphic detail Infographic: India Inc's small companies to get the benefit of lower tax Infographic: Progress card on Modi's pet projects Read More » MOST POPULAR MOST COMMENTED India takes centrestage as vehicle exports grow GM to bring down the curtain on Halol plant How a nimble Merck is building on a 349-year legacy Why has HR tech failed to deliver? Wanted: a ‘Preferential Purchase Policy’ for medical devices ‘Everyone is in the autonomous car race’ Caution on fake claims of cancer cure The case for safe, patient-sensitive biosimilar medicines What do job seekers want today? Shortfall at Raisina Top Gainers / Top Losers LATEST NEWS Strong earthquake hits off Philippines, no major impact seen 16 min. ago ‘100 days of Trump admin shows positive trend for Indo-US ties’ 19 min. ago Dhinakaran case: Delhi police grills several men on cash trail trajectory 34 min. ago Pichai recevied nearly $200 mn compensation last year 48 min. ago US Q1 growth weakest in three years as consumer spending falters 1 hr. 13 min. ago More » Union Budget 2016 in Interactive graphics Interactive graphic: What the Budget meant for rural India Interactive graphic: What the Budget meant for rural India The Budget heavily focused on rural India and the farm economy, BusinessLine breaks down the key announcements and why it is necessary to focus on India's hinterland » Interactive graphic: How have Modi's pet schemes fared? Interactive graphic: How have Modi's pet schemes fared? Use this graphic to understand how the Pradhan Mantri Jan Dhan Yojna, JAM trinity and Bima yojna performed » Interactive graphic: Indian corporates bear the tax burden Interactive graphic: Indian corporates bear the tax burden Did you know Indian corporates pay more tax than their BRIC peers, and also other economies the world over? BusinessLine breaks it down for you » Read More » O P E N close Recent Article in Pulse Digital detox and getting off the beaten path 1 I spend half my days in Bengaluru and the other half at the estate in Sakleshpur, so my exercise regime is decided by where I a... » Business Line: Home | News | Markets | Companies | Money & Banking | Economy | Info-tech | Opinion | Specials | BLink | Portfolio | This Site: About Us | Contacts | Privacy Policy | Archives | Subscription | RSS Feeds | Site Map | Brand Quest | ePaper | Social | BL Club | Mobile | Group Sites: The Hindu | தி இந்து | Business Line | BL on Campus | Sportstarlive | Frontline | The Hindu Centre | RoofandFloor | STEP | Publications | eBooks | Images | Comments to: web.businessline@thehindu.co.in. Copyright © 2017, The Hindu Business Line. NEVER miss any latest news! we will have it delivered hot to your inbox! SUBSCRIBE Please enter your email. Thank You. Newsletter has been successfully subscribed.
397778 3477 sfoglia le notizie Newsletter Chi siamo METEO Milano Roma Torino Napoli ◄ ► SEGUI IL TUO OROSCOPO Ariete Toro Gemelli Cancro Leone Vergine Bilancia Scorpione Sagittario Capricorno Acquario Pesci ◄ ► Menù Immediapress Home Fatti Cronaca Politica Esteri Regioni e Province Video News Tg AdnKronos Soldi Finanza Economia Euro Fondi News Italia Economia Lavoro Norme Dati Sindacato Professionisti Previdenza Start up Made in Italy Cerco lavoro Multimediale Salute Sanità Medicina Farmaceutica Doctor's Life Salus tg Salus tv Sport Risultati Live calcio Gol Serie A Gol Coppa Italia Cultura Musei On Line Musa TV Intrattenimento Spettacolo Rotocalco Automotive Weekend Magazine Speciali Benessere Cybernews Moda Meteo Turismo Sostenibilità Risorse World in Progress Tendenze Csr In Pubblico In Privato Best Practices Appuntamenti Normativa Dalla A alla Z Focus Professioni Prometeo TV Immediapress Agricoltura e Allevamento Alimentazione Ambiente Architettura e Edilizia Arredamento e Design Auto e Motori Chimica e Farmacia Cultura e Tempo Libero Economia e Finanza Energia Formazione e Lavoro Ict Meccanica Media e Pubblicita Moda Politica e PA Salute e Benessere Sport Terzo Settore Trasporti e Logistica Turismo PR Newswire Multimedia Video News Tg AdnKronos Fotogallery Salus TG Salus TV Rotocalco AdnKronos – Governo Informa Musa TV Italia Economia Prometeo TV Gastronomia Automotive Weekend Audio News GrAudio AKI Politica Economia Sicurezza Cultura e Media Religione Agricoltura e Allevamento Alimentazione Ambiente Architettura e Edilizia Arredamento e Design Auto e Motori Chimica e Farmacia Cultura e Tempo Libero Economia e Finanza Energia Formazione e Lavoro Ict Meccanica Media e Pubblicita Moda Politica e PA Salute e Benessere Sport Terzo Settore Trasporti e Logistica Turismo PR Newswire Home . Immediapress . Chimica e Farmacia . Investigational Cladribine Tablets Data Show Greater Treatment Effect in Relapsing MS Patients at a Higher Risk of Disease Progression Investigational Cladribine Tablets Data Show Greater Treatment Effect in Relapsing MS Patients at a Higher Risk of Disease Progression CHIMICA E FARMACIA Tweet Condividi su WhatsApp Pubblicato il: 28/04/2017 15:01 DARMSTADT, Germany, April 28, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- Merck, a leading science and technology company, announced the presentation of new analyses of efficacy and safety data for investigational Cladribine Tablets in poster presentations at the Annual Meeting of the American Academy of Neurology (AAN), taking place April 22 - 28, 2017, in Boston, Massachusetts.      (Logo: http://mma.prnewswire.com/media/492737/Merck_Logo.jpg) The findings from a retrospective subgroup analysis of the Phase III CLARITY trial in 289 patients with high disease activity* demonstrated statistically significant reduction in the risk of disability progression and relapse with Cladribine Tablets at a dose of 3.5mg/kg (n=140) compared with placebo (n= 149) in relapsing multiple sclerosis (MS) patients who were either treatment naïve or had prior disease modifying drug (DMD) exposure. "We know that a proportion of patients with MS have a higher risk of relapse and disability progression than the broader population," said Prof. Gavin Giovannoni, a lead investigator in the CLARITY studies and Chair of Neurology, Barts and The London School of Medicine and Dentistry. "These data are important since they indicate that patients in the high disease activity subgroup treated with Cladribine Tablets showed a greater response than that seen in the overall CLARITY trial population." The analysis demonstrated that treatment with Cladribine Tablets 3.5 mg/kg was associated with a larger reduction in the risk of 6-month confirmed EDSS progression in patients with high disease activity (82%; P=0.0001) than observed in the overall CLARITY population (47%; P=0.0016) vs placebo. Additionally, data showed that Cladribine Tablets reduced the relative risk of annualised relapse rate in patients with high disease activity (67%; P<0.0001) compared with the overall CLARITY population (58%; P=<0.0001). The study found that relapse and treatment history as well as MRI characteristics can help to identify patients who are at increased risk of experiencing relapses and disability progression. "Cladribine Tablets is thought to selectively target the adaptive immune response in MS, and may be able to address a medical need in those patients already at higher risk of disability progression or relapses," said Luciano Rossetti, Head of Global R&D for the biopharma business of Merck.   A safety analysis of patients given Cladribine Tablets for 20 days over two years in either CLARITY or CLARITY Extension showed that, following the 10-day dosing period in treatment year 1, median lymphocyte counts were reduced to a low of 1.00×10[ 9 ]/L. However, by the end of treatment year 1 and 2, median lymphocyte counts had recovered to within the normal range. In the 2-year CLARITY study, the most commonly reported adverse event (AE) in patients treated with Cladribine Tablets was lymphopenia. The incidence of infections was 48.3% with Cladribine Tablets and 42.5% with placebo, with 99.1% and 99.0% respectively rated mild-to-moderate by investigators. *Higher risk of disease progression and/or high disease activity is defined as patients with ≥ 1 relapse during the year prior to study entry while on DMD therapy AND ≥ 1 T1 Gd+ or ≥ 9 T2 lesions plus patients with ≥ 2 relapses during the year prior to study entry, regardless of prior use of DMD. About Cladribine Tablets   Cladribine Tablets is an investigational short-course oral therapy that is thought to selectively and periodically target lymphocytes thought to be integral to the pathological process of MS. Cladribine Tablets is currently under clinical investigation and not yet approved for the treatment for any use in the United States, Canada and Europe. In July 2016, the European Medicines Agency (EMA) accepted for review the Marketing Authorisation Application (MAA) of Cladribine Tablets for the treatment of relapsing remitting multiple sclerosis.  The clinical development program for Cladribine Tablets includes: About Multiple Sclerosis  Multiple sclerosis (MS) is a chronic, inflammatory condition of the central nervous system and is the most common, non-traumatic, disabling neurological disease in young adults. It is estimated that approximately 2.3 million people have MS worldwide. While symptoms can vary, the most common symptoms of MS include blurred vision, numbness or tingling in the limbs and problems with strength and coordination. The relapsing forms of MS are the most common. All Merck Press Releases are distributed by e-mail at the same time they become available on the Merck Website. Please go to http://www.merckgroup.com/subscribe to register online, change your selection or discontinue this service. About Merck  Merck is a leading science and technology company in healthcare, life science and performance materials. Around 50,000 employees work to further develop technologies that improve and enhance life - from biopharmaceutical therapies to treat cancer or multiple sclerosis, cutting-edge systems for scientific research and production, to liquid crystals for smartphones and LCD televisions. In 2016, Merck generated sales of € 15.0 billion in 66 countries. Founded in 1668, Merck is the world's oldest pharmaceutical and chemical company. The founding family remains the majority owner of the publicly listed corporate group. Merck holds the global rights to the Merck name and brand. The only exceptions are the United States and Canada, where the company operates as EMD Serono, MilliporeSigma and EMD Performance Materials. Tweet Condividi su WhatsApp TAG: Immediapress, comunicati, aziende informano, press release Commenti Per scrivere un commento è necessario registrarsi ed accedere: ACCEDI oppure REGISTRATI Arriva collezione figurine 'Panini Giro d'Italia 100' Cerca Notizie Più Cliccate 1. Alitalia, ecco il 'modello' Meridiana suggerito da Renzi 2. Migranti, sindaca di Lampedusa: "Su ong scandalo montato dalla politica" 3. La terra trema, torna la paura in Centro Italia 4. Jarabe de Palo, Pau: "Il cancro non mi ferma, perché il presente esiste e il futuro no" 5. Alitalia, Renzi si improvvisa steward in aereo: "Compagnia funziona" Video 80 anni per la fabbrica dei sogni, buon compleanno Cinecittà! In sala 'Piigs', il documentario contro l'austerity Ue A Berlino rinasce il Museo dei videogiochi Modena, oltre 230 uccellini di nuovo liberi grazie a volontari Arriva collezione figurine 'Panini Giro d'Italia 100' Maxi sequestro di armi a Crotone, trovate anche divise Carabinieri Oggi è 'Alien day', la saga si celebra al cinema La soluzione al traffico che ogni automobilista sogna, ecco 'Kitty Hawk Flyer' 25 aprile, Mattarella: "Ricordare senza odio né rancore" In Evidenza 9° Congresso Nazionale dei Consulenti del Lavoro Conferenza FIRE “Certificati bianchi: titoli di efficienza energetica a portata di mano” Open Fiber, al via commercializzazione fibra banda ultra larga a Catania Coop, arrivano carne e uova senza antibiotici /Video Al via “Tutti in rete con i nonni”, settimana di alfabetizzazione digitale Rivoluzione super molecole per curare l'Hcv Frati (Neuromed): "Con legge Gelli addio al Far West in aule tribunali" 'Terziario Futuro 2020', settore vitale per competere tra Made in Italy e Industria 4.0 Tavola rotonda su 'Mercato pubblico, centralizzazione e tutela della concorrenza' Nasce Inveo per certificazione dati in sanità, la Brexit è opportunità per l'Italia /Video L’Impatto Economico e Occupazionale di Coca-Cola in Italia L’innovazione ambientale driver per la competitività delle filiere agroalimentari italiane Mal di schiena e dolori articolari? Con la Fisioanalisi si guarisce definitivamente Energia, è online il nuovo numero della newsletter Gme Syngenta al Food&Science Festival: 'innovazione è opportunità' Alimenti, esperto: integratori per sport? Meglio bresaola e succhi con sale Sicilia: Cobat, in un anno raccolti 13 milioni di kg di rifiuti tecnologici /Video Dal racconto agli open data le idee per innovare di '#100StartupTurismo' /Video Sanità, da Gsk Italia un 'ecosistema' digitale per i camici 3.0 /Video A Roma la 'Piazza della Salute' per prevenzione dei tumori Tonno Callipo una storia che arriva dal mare ‘Diritti in Salute’ di Altroconsumo LAV, i lasciti testamentari a favore di animali Eni – Future Experience for You(ng) Non più centrali elettriche, nuova vita per 23 impianti Il cambiamento siamo noi, Poste Italiane guarda al futuro   Seguici 397778 3477 Fatti Soldi Lavoro Salute Sport Cultura Intrattenimento Magazine Sostenibilità Immediapress Multimedia AKI Chi siamo Palazzo dell'Informazione © 2014 GMC S.A.P.A. di G.P. Marra - Piazza Mastai, 9 - 00153 Roma partita IVA 01145141006 - codice fiscale e Registro Imprese di Roma 02981990589 copyright - disclaimer - privacy - gruppo adnkronos - contatti - archivio - cookie
Join us! Sign up for our free daily email news briefing and to read articles for free! Login via Facebook / Google Facebook Login Google Login or register with FriedlNews or sign in (if you are already subscribed) or close Your information will never be shared with any third parties and you can unsubscribe at any time. Sign In Free Registration Subscriptions FAQ RSS Follow @FriedlNews April 29, 2017 All times are Vienna time Term ISIN Search Home Bilateral Relations Companies Business Markets Politics Diplomacy People Life & Culture More EU U.S. U.K. Germany France China Japan Italy Western Europe Eastern Europe Russia & CIS Asia Middle East & Africa The Americas Finance Energy Industrials Transport Retail & Consumer Health & Pharmaceuticals Technology Media & Telecoms Professional Services Other Economy Earnings Justice Policies Foreign Trade Insolvencies Doing Business in Austria Austrian Stocks Austrian Bonds Deals Commodities Currencies Real Estate Labor Market Investing in Austria EU Politics International Politics Domestic Politics Government Agencies Embassies & Consulates International Organizations Tourism & Travel Culture Expats Comment Belgium Cyprus Denmark Finland Greece Iceland Ireland Liechtenstein Luxembourg Malta Monaco Norway Portugal Scotland Spain Sweden Switzerland The Netherlands Albania Baltic States Bosnia & Herzegovina Bulgaria Croatia Czech Rep. Estonia Georgia Hungary Kosovo Latvia Lithuania Macedonia Montenegro Poland Romania Serbia Slovakia Slovenia Ukraine Western Balkans Russia Armenia Azerbaijan Belarus Kazakhstan Kyrgyzstan Moldova Uzbekistan Australia Hong Kong India Indonesia Malaysia New Zealand Pakistan Philippines Singapore South Korea Thailand Vietnam Algeria Angola Egypt Iran Israel Libya Mauritius Nigeria Oman Saudi Arabia South Africa Syria The Congo Tunisia Turkey United Arab Emirates Zimbabwe Bolivia Brazil Canada Chile Colombia Cuba Mexico Panama Banks Financial Services Property Insurance Energy Source Mining Oil & Gas Utilities Renewables Construction Automotive Industrial Goods Basic Resources Chemicals Airlines & Airports Shipping Rail Road Latest News EU RBI Hypo Group/Heta Erste Group OMV Telekom Austria Banking Energy Ratings Earnings UN OSCE Press Wire FriedlNews Study Car Manufacturing in Eastern Europe Article Tools Tweet Investigational Cladribine Tablets Data Show Greater Treatment Effect in Relapsing MS Patients at a Higher Risk of Disease Progression Published: Yesterday; 15:02 · (FriedlNews) - Subgroup analysis shows &gt;80% reduction in the risk of disability progression with Cladribine Tablets vs placebo Merck, a leading science and technology company, announced the presentation of new analyses of efficacy and safety data for investigational Cladribine Tablets in poster presentations at the Annual Meeting of the American Academy of Neurology (AAN), taking place April 22 - 28, 2017, in Boston, Massachusetts. (Logo: http://mma.prnewswire.com/media/492737/Merck_Logo.jpg) The findings from a retrospective subgroup analysis of the Phase III CLARITY trial in 289 patients with high disease activity* demonstrated statistically significant reduction in the risk of disability progression and relapse with Cladribine Tablets at a dose of 3.5mg/kg (n=140) compared with placebo (n= 149) in relapsing multiple sclerosis (MS) patients who were either treatment naïve or had prior disease modifying drug (DMD) exposure. "We know that a proportion of patients with MS have a higher risk of relapse and disability progression than the broader population," said Prof. Gavin Giovannoni, a lead investigator in the CLARITY studies and Chair of Neurology, Barts and The London School of Medicine and Dentistry. "These data are important since they indicate that patients in the high disease activity subgroup treated with Cladribine Tablets showed a greater response than that seen in the overall CLARITY trial population." The analysis demonstrated that treatment with Cladribine Tablets 3.5 mg/kg was associated with a larger reduction in the risk of 6-month confirmed EDSS progression in patients with high disease activity (82%; P=0.0001) than observed in the overall CLARITY population (47%; P=0.0016) vs placebo. Additionally, data showed that Cladribine Tablets reduced the relative risk of annualised relapse rate in patients with high disease activity (67%; P&lt;0.0001) compared with the overall CLARITY population (58%; P=&lt;0.0001). The study found that relapse and treatment history as well as MRI characteristics can help to identify patients who are at increased risk of experiencing relapses and disability progression. "Cladribine Tablets is thought to selectively target the adaptive immune response in MS, and may be able to address a medical need in those patients already at higher risk of disability progression or relapses," said Luciano Rossetti, Head of Global R&D for the biopharma business of Merck. A safety analysis of patients given Cladribine Tablets for 20 days over two years in either CLARITY or CLARITY Extension showed that, following the 10-day dosing period in treatment year 1, median lymphocyte counts were reduced to a low of 1.00×10[9]/L. However, by the end of treatment year 1 and 2, median lymphocyte counts had recovered to within the normal range. In the 2-year CLARITY study, the most commonly reported adverse event (AE) in patients treated with Cladribine Tablets was lymphopenia. The incidence of infections was 48.3% with Cladribine Tablets and 42.5% with placebo, with 99.1% and 99.0% respectively rated mild-to-moderate by investigators. *Higher risk of disease progression and/or high disease activity is defined as patients with &gt;= 1 relapse during the year prior to study entry while on DMD therapy AND &gt;= 1 T1 Gd+ or &gt;= 9 T2 lesions plus patients with &gt;= 2 relapses during the year prior to study entry, regardless of prior use of DMD. About Cladribine Tablets Cladribine Tablets is an investigational short-course oral therapy that is thought to selectively and periodically target lymphocytes thought to be integral to the pathological process of MS. Cladribine Tablets is currently under clinical investigation and not yet approved for the treatment for any use in the United States, Canada and Europe. In July 2016, the European Medicines Agency (EMA) accepted for review the Marketing Authorisation Application (MAA) of Cladribine Tablets for the treatment of relapsing remitting multiple sclerosis. The clinical development program for Cladribine Tablets includes: - CLARITY (CLAdRIbine Tablets Treating MS OrallY) study and its extension: a two-year Phase III placebo-controlled study designed to evaluate the efficacy and safety of Cladribine Tablets as a monotherapy in patients with RRMS and its two-year extension designed to provide data on the long-term safety and efficacy of extended administration of Cladribine Tablets for up to four years. - ORACLE MS (ORAl CLadribine in Early MS) study: a two-year Phase III placebo-controlled study designed to evaluate the efficacy and safety of Cladribine Tablets as a monotherapy in patients at risk of developing MS (patients who have experienced a first clinical event suggestive of MS). - ONWARD (Oral Cladribine Added ON To Interferon beta-1a in Patients with Active Relapsing Disease) study: a Phase II placebo-controlled study designed primarily to evaluate the safety and tolerability of adding Cladribine Tablets treatment to patients with relapsing forms of MS, who have experienced breakthrough disease while on established interferon-beta therapy. - PREMIERE (Prospective Observational Long-term Safety Registry of Multiple Sclerosis Patients Who Have Participated in Cladribine Clinical Studies) study: interim long-term follow-up data from the prospective registry, PREMIERE, to evaluate the safety and efficacy of Cladribine Tablets. The follow-up will consist of over 10,000 patient years of exposure in total, with follow-up in some patients exceeding eight years at completion. About Multiple Sclerosis Multiple sclerosis (MS) is a chronic, inflammatory condition of the central nervous system and is the most common, non-traumatic, disabling neurological disease in young adults. It is estimated that approximately 2.3 million people have MS worldwide. While symptoms can vary, the most common symptoms of MS include blurred vision, numbness or tingling in the limbs and problems with strength and coordination. The relapsing forms of MS are the most common. All Merck Press Releases are distributed by e-mail at the same time they become available on the Merck Website. Please go to http://www.merckgroup.com/subscribe to register online, change your selection or discontinue this service. About Merck Merck is a leading science and technology company in healthcare, life science and performance materials. Around 50,000 employees work to further develop technologies that improve and enhance life - from biopharmaceutical therapies to treat cancer or multiple sclerosis, cutting-edge systems for scientific research and production, to liquid crystals for smartphones and LCD televisions. In 2016, Merck generated sales of EUR 15.0 billion in 66 countries. Founded in 1668, Merck is the world's oldest pharmaceutical and chemical company. The founding family remains the majority owner of the publicly listed corporate group. Merck holds the global rights to the Merck name and brand. The only exceptions are the United States and Canada, where the company operates as EMD Serono, MilliporeSigma and EMD Performance Materials. Rückfragehinweis: Erin-Marie Beals +49-151-1454-2694. Digital press kit: http://www.ots.at/pressemappe/PR6873/aom ***ORIGINAL APA-OTS TEXT - THE INFORMATION CONTAINED IN THIS PRESS RELEASE IS SUBJECT TO THE EXCLUSIVE RESPONSIBILITY OF THE ISSUER*** OTE0005 2017-04-28/15:02 (C) Copyright APA-OTS Originaltext-Service GmbH and the respective issuer. Copyright © Friedl Business Information GmbH. You may share using our article tools. Please don't cut articles from FriedlNews and redistribute by email or post to the web. Fast News Search Read More Gesundheit, Medizin, Chemie, Branchen, Wirtschaft und Finanzen, Forschung, Pharma, International, Wissenschaft ©1995-2017 Friedl Business Information Contact Press Careers About Us Terms & Conditions Site Security Privacy Sitemap Blogs Advertise Partner
europa press Abonados Europa Press Abonados Últimas Noticias España España Opinión PP PSOE Podemos Ciudadanos Internacional Internacional África Asia Norteamérica Europa Oriente Próximo En primera persona Mosul Alepo Siria Daesh Rusia Donald Trump Crisis Humanitarias Aniversario EPsocial Economía Economía Macroeconomía Empresas Finanzas Energía Construcción Transportes Legal Laboral Fiscal Bolsa Deportes Deportes Fútbol Motociclismo F1 Baloncesto Tenis Ciclismo Olimpiadas Danone Nations Cup Otros deportes Circuito Running Universitario Vídeos de Fútbol Cultura Cultura Cine Música Críticas Exposiciones Libros TV Cartelera Sociedad Sociedad Educación Sucesos Salud Comunicados EP Social Responsables Accidentes de trafico terrorismo >Aniversario EPsocial Autonomías Andalucía Andalucía Almería Cádiz Córdoba Granada Huelva Jaén Málaga Sevilla Aniversario Estatuto Turismo Educación Cooperación Economía y Conocimiento Fundación Cajasol Fundación Unicaja Plan Supera Sevilla Jaén, Paraíso Interior Córdoba Única Costa de Almería Cádiz al Día Puertos del Estado EsAndalucía Aragón Aragón Huesca Teruel Zaragoza Cantabria Cantabria Cantabria Sostenible Cantabria Infinita Cantabria Cultura y Deporte Cantabria XXI Castilla-La Mancha Castilla-La Mancha Albacete Ciudad Real Cuenca Guadalajara Toledo Castilla y León Castilla y León Ávila Burgos León Palencia Salamanca Segovia Soria Valladolid Zamora Catalunya Catalunya Barcelona Girona Lleida Tarragona Fira de Barcelona Barcelona Economías Extremadura Extremadura Badajoz Cáceres Cáceres Provincial Galicia Galicia A Coruña Lugo Ourense Pontevedra Galego Galicia Rural Pesca Galicia Islas Canarias Islas Canarias Las Palmas S.C de Tenerife Gran Canaria Islas Baleares Madrid Madrid CEU Ifema País Vasco País Vasco Álava-Araba Gipuzkoa Bizkaia Euskera La Rioja C. Valenciana Comunidad Valenciana Alicante Castellón Valencia Valencià Valencià Comunitat Valenciana Espanya Internacional Cultura Esport Innova Cultura Turismo Navarra Asturias Asturias Asturianu Asturias Rural Murcia Ceuta y Melilla Ciencia Ciencia Misiones Espaciales Astronomia Hábitat y Clima Ruinas y Fósiles Laboratorio Comunicados Comunicados Internacional Empresas Sociedad Salud TIC Latinoamérica ComuniCATs Europa Press Comunicación Chance Chance Famosos Realeza Belleza Moda Cine y Música TV Lifestyle Vídeos Portaltic Portaltic Internet Social Media Gadgets Videojuegos Software Empresa Portalgeek Sector EPSocial EPSocial Derechos Humanos Migración Infancia Cooperación y Desarrollo Igualdad Sostenibilidad Punto Crítico Responsables Violencia de género Discapacidad Crisis Humanitarias Aniversario EPsocial Notimérica Notimérica Iberoamérica México Brasil Argentina Chile Colombia Perú Bolivia Costa Rica Cuba Ecuador Estados Unidos Guatemala Honduras Nicaragua Panamá Paraguay Puerto Rico República Dominicana El Salvador Uruguay Venezuela Turismo Turismo Actualidad Nacional En el Mundo Transportes Aeropuertos Aerolíneas Tren Navieras Otros Hoteles y Agencias Hoteles Agencias y TTOO Corporativo Cruceros Turismo Verde Destino España España Verde Pirineos Costa del Sol Costa Blanca Costa Dorada Costa Brava Costa de la Luz Costa Cálida Canarias Baleares Turismo Urbano Grandes Viajes Fitur Cultura Ocio Cultura Ocio Series & TV Cine Música Cartelera Vídeos Ocio en Casa Infosalus Infosalus Salud Farmacia Actualidad Mujer Nutrición Estética Asistencia Mayores Enfermedades Alergología Aparato Respiratorio Endocrinología y Nutrición Medicina Deportiva Oftalmología Psiquiatría Aparato Digestivo Cardiología Ginecología Neurología Oncología Traumatología Aparato Locomotor Dematología Infecciosas Odontología Pediatría Urología Desconecta Desconecta Curiosity Lifestyle Animal Party Viral Matchball Memes Motor Motor Coches Motos Industriales Sector Seguridad Fórmula 1 Motociclismo Servicios Servicios Europa Press Tiempo Tráfico Cartelera Sorteos Guia TV Horóscopo Especiales Lotería del Niño 2017 Lotería de Navidad 2016 A Menéalo Comparte en Facebook Comparte en Twitter Comparte en Linkedin   Comunicados Internacional Empresas Sociedad Salud TIC Latinoamérica ComuniCATs - Europa Press Comunicación - Comunicados Internacional COMUNICADO: Investigational Cladribine Tablets Data Show Greater Treatment Effect in Relapsing MS Patients at a Higher Risk of Disea Publicado 28/04/2017 15:01:44CET DARMSTADT, Germany, April 28, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- - Subgroup analysis shows >80% reduction in the risk of disability progression with Cladribine Tablets vs placebo  Merck, a leading science and technology company, announced the presentation of new analyses of efficacy and safety data for investigational Cladribine Tablets in poster presentations at the Annual Meeting of the American Academy of Neurology (AAN), taking place April 22 - 28, 2017, in Boston, Massachusetts. (Logo: http://mma.prnewswire.com/media/492737/Merck_Logo.jpg) The findings from a retrospective subgroup analysis of the Phase III CLARITY trial in 289 patients with high disease activity* demonstrated statistically significant reduction in the risk of disability progression and relapse with Cladribine Tablets at a dose of 3.5mg/kg (n=140) compared with placebo (n= 149) in relapsing multiple sclerosis (MS) patients who were either treatment naïve or had prior disease modifying drug (DMD) exposure. "We know that a proportion of patients with MS have a higher risk of relapse and disability progression than the broader population," said Prof. Gavin Giovannoni, a lead investigator in the CLARITY studies and Chair of Neurology, Barts and The London School of Medicine and Dentistry. "These data are important since they indicate that patients in the high disease activity subgroup treated with Cladribine Tablets showed a greater response than that seen in the overall CLARITY trial population." The analysis demonstrated that treatment with Cladribine Tablets 3.5 mg/kg was associated with a larger reduction in the risk of 6-month confirmed EDSS progression in patients with high disease activity (82%; P=0.0001) than observed in the overall CLARITY population (47%; P=0.0016) vs placebo. Additionally, data showed that Cladribine Tablets reduced the relative risk of annualised relapse rate in patients with high disease activity (67%; P<0.0001) compared with the overall CLARITY population (58%; P=<0.0001). The study found that relapse and treatment history as well as MRI characteristics can help to identify patients who are at increased risk of experiencing relapses and disability progression. "Cladribine Tablets is thought to selectively target the adaptive immune response in MS, and may be able to address a medical need in those patients already at higher risk of disability progression or relapses," said Luciano Rossetti, Head of Global R&D for the biopharma business of Merck.   A safety analysis of patients given Cladribine Tablets for 20 days over two years in either CLARITY or CLARITY Extension showed that, following the 10-day dosing period in treatment year 1, median lymphocyte counts were reduced to a low of 1.00cross10[9]/L. However, by the end of treatment year 1 and 2, median lymphocyte counts had recovered to within the normal range. In the 2-year CLARITY study, the most commonly reported adverse event (AE) in patients treated with Cladribine Tablets was lymphopenia. The incidence of infections was 48.3% with Cladribine Tablets and 42.5% with placebo, with 99.1% and 99.0% respectively rated mild-to-moderate by investigators. *Higher risk of disease progression and/or high disease activity is defined as patients with greater than or equal to 1 relapse during the year prior to study entry while on DMD therapy AND greater than or equal to 1 T1 Gd+ or greater than or equal to 9 T2 lesions plus patients with greater than or equal to 2 relapses during the year prior to study entry, regardless of prior use of DMD. About Cladribine Tablets   Cladribine Tablets is an investigational short-course oral therapy that is thought to selectively and periodically target lymphocytes thought to be integral to the pathological process of MS. Cladribine Tablets is currently under clinical investigation and not yet approved for the treatment for any use in the United States, Canada and Europe. In July 2016, the European Medicines Agency (EMA) accepted for review the Marketing Authorisation Application (MAA) of Cladribine Tablets for the treatment of relapsing remitting multiple sclerosis.  The clinical development program for Cladribine Tablets includes: - CLARITY (CLAdRIbine Tablets Treating MS OrallY) study and its extension: a two-year Phase III placebo-controlled study designed to evaluate the efficacy and safety of Cladribine Tablets as a monotherapy in patients with RRMS and its two-year extension designed to provide data on the long-term safety and efficacy of extended administration of Cladribine Tablets for up to four years. - ORACLE MS (ORAl CLadribine in Early MS) study: a two-year Phase III placebo-controlled study designed to evaluate the efficacy and safety of Cladribine Tablets as a monotherapy in patients at risk of developing MS (patients who have experienced a first clinical event suggestive of MS). - ONWARD (Oral Cladribine Added ON To Interferon beta-1a in Patients with Active Relapsing Disease) study: a Phase II placebo-controlled study designed primarily to evaluate the safety and tolerability of adding Cladribine Tablets treatment to patients with relapsing forms of MS, who have experienced breakthrough disease while on established interferon-beta therapy. - PREMIERE (Prospective Observational Long-term Safety Registry of Multiple Sclerosis Patients Who Have Participated in Cladribine Clinical Studies) study: interim long-term follow-up data from the prospective registry, PREMIERE, to evaluate the safety and efficacy of Cladribine Tablets. The follow-up will consist of over 10,000 patient years of exposure in total, with follow-up in some patients exceeding eight years at completion. About Multiple Sclerosis  Multiple sclerosis (MS) is a chronic, inflammatory condition of the central nervous system and is the most common, non-traumatic, disabling neurological disease in young adults. It is estimated that approximately 2.3 million people have MS worldwide. While symptoms can vary, the most common symptoms of MS include blurred vision, numbness or tingling in the limbs and problems with strength and coordination. The relapsing forms of MS are the most common. All Merck Press Releases are distributed by e-mail at the same time they become available on the Merck Website. Please go to http://www.merckgroup.com/subscribe to register online, change your selection or discontinue this service. About Merck  Merck is a leading science and technology company in healthcare, life science and performance materials. Around 50,000 employees work to further develop technologies that improve and enhance life - from biopharmaceutical therapies to treat cancer or multiple sclerosis, cutting-edge systems for scientific research and production, to liquid crystals for smartphones and LCD televisions. In 2016, Merck generated sales of EUR 15.0 billion in 66 countries. Founded in 1668, Merck is the world's oldest pharmaceutical and chemical company. The founding family remains the majority owner of the publicly listed corporate group. Merck holds the global rights to the Merck name and brand. The only exceptions are the United States and Canada, where the company operates as EMD Serono, MilliporeSigma and EMD Performance Materials. Photo: http://mma.prnewswire.com/media/492737/Merck_Logo.jpg CONTACT: Erin-Marie Beals +49-151-1454-2694. Así son las 5 escenas postcréditos de Guardianes de la Galaxia 2 Ana Boyer: "Con mis hermanos por parte de padre tengo muy poca relación" Puede cambiar de noticia usando las flechas del teclado (← →) Mejora la comunicación de tu empresa con Europa Press Comunicación +34 91 359 26 00 comunicacion@europapress.es Mejora la comunicación de tu empresa con Europa Press Comunicación +34 91 359 26 00 comunicacion@europapress.es Últimas noticias / Comunicados Viernes, 28 de Abril COMUNICADO: Banco Bradesco publica sus resultados para el primer trimestre de 2017 (1) COMUNICADO: Banco Bradesco publica sus resultados para el primer trimestre de 2017 (y 2) COMUNICADO: Presentación del Informe Anual (Formulario 20-F) Más noticias   Lo más leído Portada 1 ¿Quién es la cuarta hermana de Gloria Camila? 2 Ana Boyer: "Con mis hermanos por parte de padre tengo muy poca relación" 3 Dragon Ball Super: Akira Toriyama revela la brutal aparición de una Super Saiyan Legendaria 4 Más que palabras.- La jefa del clan 5 Rubalcaba, sobre la moción de censura anunciada por Iglesias: "¿Se ha creído que somos tontos? Trampas las justas" Hoy Una semana Un mes La actualidad más visitada en Gente ¿Quién es la cuarta hermana de Gloria Camila? Series & TV Dragon Ball Super: Akira Toriyama revela la brutal aparición de una Super Saiyan Legendaria España Rubalcaba, sobre la moción de censura anunciada por Iglesias: "¿Se ha creído que somos tontos? Trampas las justas" europa press Contacto Aviso legal Catálogo RSS Portal de actualidad y noticias de la Agencia Europa Press. Publicación digital auditada por OJD. © 2017 Europa Press. Está expresamente prohibida la redistribución y la redifusión de todo o parte de los contenidos de esta web sin su previo y expreso consentimiento. Esta web utiliza cookies propias y de terceros para analizar su navegación y ofrecerle un servicio más personalizado y publicidad acorde a sus intereses. Continuar navegando implica la aceptación de nuestra política de cookies - Aceptar Uso de cookies
Menu ⌄ Abbonati alla rivista Abbonati alla rivista Archivio arretrati Chi siamo Contatti Shop Aboutpharma Shop Jobinpharma Shop LAVORA CON NOI Login Registrati Video Foto HPS – Health Publishing and Services Informazioni e servizi per i professionisti dell'healthcare Aboutpharma Publishing Education & Events HTA Job in Pharma Book Pharma Biosimilari Fightingpain Digital Awards   In&Out - Epatite C - Brexit - Governance - Investigational Cladribine Tablets Data Show Greater Treatment Effect in Relapsing MS Patients at a Higher Risk of Disease Progression 28 aprile 2017 Investigational Cladribine Tablets Data Show Greater Treatment Effect in Relapsing MS Patients at a Higher Risk of Disease Progression PR Newswire DARMSTADT, Germany, April 28, 2017 Subgroup analysis shows >80% reduction in the risk of disability progression with Cladribine Tablets vs placebo  Merck, a leading science and technology company, announced the presentation of new analyses of efficacy and safety data for investigational Cladribine Tablets in poster presentations at the Annual Meeting of the American Academy of Neurology (AAN), taking place April 22 – 28, 2017, in Boston, Massachusetts.      (Logo: http://mma.prnewswire.com/media/492737/Merck_Logo.jpg) The findings from a retrospective subgroup analysis of the Phase III CLARITY trial in 289 patients with high disease activity* demonstrated statistically significant reduction in the risk of disability progression and relapse with Cladribine Tablets at a dose of 3.5mg/kg (n=140) compared with placebo (n= 149) in relapsing multiple sclerosis (MS) patients who were either treatment naïve or had prior disease modifying drug (DMD) exposure. “We know that a proportion of patients with MS have a higher risk of relapse and disability progression than the broader population,” said Prof. Gavin Giovannoni, a lead investigator in the CLARITY studies and Chair of Neurology, Barts and The London School of Medicine and Dentistry. “These data are important since they indicate that patients in the high disease activity subgroup treated with Cladribine Tablets showed a greater response than that seen in the overall CLARITY trial population.” The analysis demonstrated that treatment with Cladribine Tablets 3.5 mg/kg was associated with a larger reduction in the risk of 6-month confirmed EDSS progression in patients with high disease activity (82%; P=0.0001) than observed in the overall CLARITY population (47%; P=0.0016) vs placebo. Additionally, data showed that Cladribine Tablets reduced the relative risk of annualised relapse rate in patients with high disease activity (67%; P<0.0001) compared with the overall CLARITY population (58%; P=<0.0001). The study found that relapse and treatment history as well as MRI characteristics can help to identify patients who are at increased risk of experiencing relapses and disability progression. “Cladribine Tablets is thought to selectively target the adaptive immune response in MS, and may be able to address a medical need in those patients already at higher risk of disability progression or relapses,” said Luciano Rossetti, Head of Global R&D for the biopharma business of Merck.   A safety analysis of patients given Cladribine Tablets for 20 days over two years in either CLARITY or CLARITY Extension showed that, following the 10-day dosing period in treatment year 1, median lymphocyte counts were reduced to a low of 1.00×10[9]/L. However, by the end of treatment year 1 and 2, median lymphocyte counts had recovered to within the normal range. In the 2-year CLARITY study, the most commonly reported adverse event (AE) in patients treated with Cladribine Tablets was lymphopenia. The incidence of infections was 48.3% with Cladribine Tablets and 42.5% with placebo, with 99.1% and 99.0% respectively rated mild-to-moderate by investigators. *Higher risk of disease progression and/or high disease activity is defined as patients with ≥ 1 relapse during the year prior to study entry while on DMD therapy AND ≥ 1 T1 Gd+ or ≥ 9 T2 lesions plus patients with ≥ 2 relapses during the year prior to study entry, regardless of prior use of DMD. About Cladribine Tablets   Cladribine Tablets is an investigational short-course oral therapy that is thought to selectively and periodically target lymphocytes thought to be integral to the pathological process of MS. Cladribine Tablets is currently under clinical investigation and not yet approved for the treatment for any use in the United States, Canada and Europe. In July 2016, the European Medicines Agency (EMA) accepted for review the Marketing Authorisation Application (MAA) of Cladribine Tablets for the treatment of relapsing remitting multiple sclerosis.  The clinical development program for Cladribine Tablets includes: CLARITY (CLAdRIbine Tablets Treating MS OrallY) study and its extension: a two-year Phase III placebo-controlled study designed to evaluate the efficacy and safety of Cladribine Tablets as a monotherapy in patients with RRMS and its two-year extension designed to provide data on the long-term safety and efficacy of extended administration of Cladribine Tablets for up to four years. ORACLE MS (ORAl CLadribine in Early MS) study: a two-year Phase III placebo-controlled study designed to evaluate the efficacy and safety of Cladribine Tablets as a monotherapy in patients at risk of developing MS (patients who have experienced a first clinical event suggestive of MS). ONWARD (Oral Cladribine Added ON To Interferon beta-1a in Patients with Active Relapsing Disease) study: a Phase II placebo-controlled study designed primarily to evaluate the safety and tolerability of adding Cladribine Tablets treatment to patients with relapsing forms of MS, who have experienced breakthrough disease while on established interferon-beta therapy. PREMIERE (Prospective Observational Long-term Safety Registry of Multiple Sclerosis Patients Who Have Participated in Cladribine Clinical Studies) study: interim long-term follow-up data from the prospective registry, PREMIERE, to evaluate the safety and efficacy of Cladribine Tablets. The follow-up will consist of over 10,000 patient years of exposure in total, with follow-up in some patients exceeding eight years at completion. About Multiple Sclerosis  Multiple sclerosis (MS) is a chronic, inflammatory condition of the central nervous system and is the most common, non-traumatic, disabling neurological disease in young adults. It is estimated that approximately 2.3 million people have MS worldwide. While symptoms can vary, the most common symptoms of MS include blurred vision, numbness or tingling in the limbs and problems with strength and coordination. The relapsing forms of MS are the most common. All Merck Press Releases are distributed by e-mail at the same time they become available on the Merck Website. Please go to http://www.merckgroup.com/subscribe to register online, change your selection or discontinue this service. About Merck  Merck is a leading science and technology company in healthcare, life science and performance materials. Around 50,000 employees work to further develop technologies that improve and enhance life – from biopharmaceutical therapies to treat cancer or multiple sclerosis, cutting-edge systems for scientific research and production, to liquid crystals for smartphones and LCD televisions. In 2016, Merck generated sales of € 15.0 billion in 66 countries. Founded in 1668, Merck is the world’s oldest pharmaceutical and chemical company. The founding family remains the majority owner of the publicly listed corporate group. Merck holds the global rights to the Merck name and brand. The only exceptions are the United States and Canada, where the company operates as EMD Serono, MilliporeSigma and EMD Performance Materials. SHARE: Tweet Ti potrebbe interessare anche... Merck Presents New Data Examining Durable Efficacy with Investigational Cladribine Tablets in Multiple Sclerosis Merck to Present Rebif® (interferon beta-1a) and Investigational Cladribine Tablets Data at AAN 2017 Merck Presents New Data on the Safety and Durable Efficacy of Cladribine Tablets and Advantages of Early Treatment with Rebif® at the 2016 ECTRIMS Congress Cladribine Tablets Significantly Reduced Brain Atrophy in Patients With Multiple Sclerosis Nel mensile di aprile Agrofarmaci, la contraffazione “ruba” all’Europa 3 miliardi all’anno La ricerca sul Snc è ad alto rischio di fallire il bersaglio Troppe radiazioni dai medical device, l’Europa corre ai ripari Il miglior posto di lavoro? C’è il certificato ma non la classifica Come ti cerco la startup: le mosse di open innovation delle aziende pharma e medtech L’Aifa fissa i criteri per definire i farmaci innovativi Horizon 2020, il programma Tecnologie future ed emergenti è una chance per il pharma In Primo Piano Rassegna Stampa Idee e opinioni Equivalenti: percezione, cultura e spesa sanitaria regionale. Considerazioni dopo lo statement Gimbe (Massimo Versace - General Manager Aurobindo Pharma Italia) Il valore del “less is more” nella razionalizzazione dei trattamenti terapeutici (Mario Melazzini e Luca Pani, presidente e dg Aifa) Sedazione palliativa, ecco dove sbaglia il Comitato Nazionale di Bioetica (Mario Riccio - Consulta di Bioetica, Milano) Follow Us Abouthparma Cerca un Farmaco su Pharmawizard Cerca World News Global Botulinum Toxin Market – Analysis, Technologies &... Global Spectroscopy Market to Grow at a CAGR of 6.89%, 2017-2021... Captopril Sales, Price Analysis, & Sales Forecast – 2017... Foto Vincitori AboutPharma Digital Awards 2016 Dispositivi Medici e Supply Chain Milano 26 novembre… “Dispositivi Medici 2015 “- Evento Video EDEMA MACULARE DIABETICO – ESASO – 16 MARZO 2017 AboutFuture: Leader’s Talk 2017 3 a 0 contro le infezioni Most Popular Eccezioni al divieto di importazioni parallele di farmaci nella UE: il “meccanismo specifico” e il recente rinvio pregiudiziale alla Corte di Giustizia (parte I) Novartis, -17% dell’utile netto nel primo trimestre 2017 Emicrania, Novartis e Amgen stringono un accordo di commercializzazione per erenumab HPS – Health Publishing and Services AboutPharma Publishing Education & Events HTA Job in pharma Book Pharma Biosimilari Fightingpain Contatti Chi siamo Privacy policy Video Foto Rassegna Stampa World news HPS Srl P.IVA 07106000966 Il presente sito utilizza i "cookie" per facilitare la navigazione.Accetta e continua Informativa sulla Privacy
Alle Alle Bilder Videos Audios Grafiken PDF Studien   Nur Channel Wirtschaft durchsuchen Aussendersuche Personensuche Terminsuche Topthemen Hilfe     wirtschaft Alle Politik Wirtschaft Finanzen Chronik Kultur Medien Karriere / Submenü Meistgelesen Meistgelesen Innenpolitik Außenpolitik EU Bildung Familie Gesellschaft Kommunales Recht Sozialpartner Meistgelesen Agrar Arbeitsmarkt Bau Finanzen und Dienstleistungen Energiemarkt Handel IT Start-up Tourismus Unternehmen Meistgelesen Insiderinformationen Directors Dealings Corporate News Finanzberichte Gesamtstimmrechtsmitteilungen Stimmrechtsmitteilungen Sonstige Kapitalmarktinformationen Hauptversammlung Meistgelesen Gesundheit Essen und Trinken Lifestyle Reisen Soziales Sport Tiere Umwelt Verkehr Veranstaltungen Wissenschaft Polizeimeldungen Meistgelesen Architektur Ausstellungen Fernsehen Film Kunst Literatur Museen Musik Theater Veranstaltungen Meistgelesen Pressestimmen Fernsehen Online Radio Zeitungen Meistgelesen Personalia Bildung Unternehmen OTE0005, 28. April 2017, 15:02 drucken mailen als pdf als Text Investigational Cladribine Tablets Data Show Greater Treatment Effect in Relapsing MS Patients at a Higher Risk of Disease Progression Darmstadt, Germany (ots/PRNewswire) - - Subgroup analysis shows >80% reduction in the risk of disability progression with Cladribine Tablets vs placebo Merck, a leading science and technology company, announced the presentation of new analyses of efficacy and safety data for investigational Cladribine Tablets in poster presentations at the Annual Meeting of the American Academy of Neurology (AAN), taking place April 22 - 28, 2017, in Boston, Massachusetts. (Logo: http://mma.prnewswire.com/media/492737/Merck_Logo.jpg) The findings from a retrospective subgroup analysis of the Phase III CLARITY trial in 289 patients with high disease activity* demonstrated statistically significant reduction in the risk of disability progression and relapse with Cladribine Tablets at a dose of 3.5mg/kg (n=140) compared with placebo (n= 149) in relapsing multiple sclerosis (MS) patients who were either treatment naïve or had prior disease modifying drug (DMD) exposure. "We know that a proportion of patients with MS have a higher risk of relapse and disability progression than the broader population," said Prof. Gavin Giovannoni, a lead investigator in the CLARITY studies and Chair of Neurology, Barts and The London School of Medicine and Dentistry. "These data are important since they indicate that patients in the high disease activity subgroup treated with Cladribine Tablets showed a greater response than that seen in the overall CLARITY trial population." The analysis demonstrated that treatment with Cladribine Tablets 3.5 mg/kg was associated with a larger reduction in the risk of 6-month confirmed EDSS progression in patients with high disease activity (82%; P=0.0001) than observed in the overall CLARITY population (47%; P=0.0016) vs placebo. Additionally, data showed that Cladribine Tablets reduced the relative risk of annualised relapse rate in patients with high disease activity (67%; P<0.0001) compared with the overall CLARITY population (58%; P=<0.0001). The study found that relapse and treatment history as well as MRI characteristics can help to identify patients who are at increased risk of experiencing relapses and disability progression. "Cladribine Tablets is thought to selectively target the adaptive immune response in MS, and may be able to address a medical need in those patients already at higher risk of disability progression or relapses," said Luciano Rossetti, Head of Global R&D for the biopharma business of Merck. A safety analysis of patients given Cladribine Tablets for 20 days over two years in either CLARITY or CLARITY Extension showed that, following the 10-day dosing period in treatment year 1, median lymphocyte counts were reduced to a low of 1.00×10[9]/L. However, by the end of treatment year 1 and 2, median lymphocyte counts had recovered to within the normal range. In the 2-year CLARITY study, the most commonly reported adverse event (AE) in patients treated with Cladribine Tablets was lymphopenia. The incidence of infections was 48.3% with Cladribine Tablets and 42.5% with placebo, with 99.1% and 99.0% respectively rated mild-to-moderate by investigators. *Higher risk of disease progression and/or high disease activity is defined as patients with >= 1 relapse during the year prior to study entry while on DMD therapy AND >= 1 T1 Gd+ or >= 9 T2 lesions plus patients with >= 2 relapses during the year prior to study entry, regardless of prior use of DMD. About Cladribine Tablets Cladribine Tablets is an investigational short-course oral therapy that is thought to selectively and periodically target lymphocytes thought to be integral to the pathological process of MS. Cladribine Tablets is currently under clinical investigation and not yet approved for the treatment for any use in the United States, Canada and Europe. In July 2016, the European Medicines Agency (EMA) accepted for review the Marketing Authorisation Application (MAA) of Cladribine Tablets for the treatment of relapsing remitting multiple sclerosis. The clinical development program for Cladribine Tablets includes: CLARITY (CLAdRIbine Tablets Treating MS OrallY) study and its extension: a two-year Phase III placebo-controlled study designed to evaluate the efficacy and safety of Cladribine Tablets as a monotherapy in patients with RRMS and its two-year extension designed to provide data on the long-term safety and efficacy of extended administration of Cladribine Tablets for up to four years. ORACLE MS (ORAl CLadribine in Early MS) study: a two-year Phase III placebo-controlled study designed to evaluate the efficacy and safety of Cladribine Tablets as a monotherapy in patients at risk of developing MS (patients who have experienced a first clinical event suggestive of MS). ONWARD (Oral Cladribine Added ON To Interferon beta-1a in Patients with Active Relapsing Disease) study: a Phase II placebo-controlled study designed primarily to evaluate the safety and tolerability of adding Cladribine Tablets treatment to patients with relapsing forms of MS, who have experienced breakthrough disease while on established interferon-beta therapy. PREMIERE (Prospective Observational Long-term Safety Registry of Multiple Sclerosis Patients Who Have Participated in Cladribine Clinical Studies) study: interim long-term follow-up data from the prospective registry, PREMIERE, to evaluate the safety and efficacy of Cladribine Tablets. The follow-up will consist of over 10,000 patient years of exposure in total, with follow-up in some patients exceeding eight years at completion. About Multiple Sclerosis Multiple sclerosis (MS) is a chronic, inflammatory condition of the central nervous system and is the most common, non-traumatic, disabling neurological disease in young adults. It is estimated that approximately 2.3 million people have MS worldwide. While symptoms can vary, the most common symptoms of MS include blurred vision, numbness or tingling in the limbs and problems with strength and coordination. The relapsing forms of MS are the most common. All Merck Press Releases are distributed by e-mail at the same time they become available on the Merck Website. Please go to http://www.merckgroup.com/subscribe to register online, change your selection or discontinue this service. About Merck Merck is a leading science and technology company in healthcare, life science and performance materials. Around 50,000 employees work to further develop technologies that improve and enhance life - from biopharmaceutical therapies to treat cancer or multiple sclerosis, cutting-edge systems for scientific research and production, to liquid crystals for smartphones and LCD televisions. In 2016, Merck generated sales of EUR 15.0 billion in 66 countries. Founded in 1668, Merck is the world's oldest pharmaceutical and chemical company. The founding family remains the majority owner of the publicly listed corporate group. Merck holds the global rights to the Merck name and brand. The only exceptions are the United States and Canada, where the company operates as EMD Serono, MilliporeSigma and EMD Performance Materials. Digital press kit: http://www.ots.at/pressemappe/PR6873/aom Rückfragen & Kontakt: Erin-Marie Beals +49-151-1454-2694. ORIGINAL APA-OTS TEXT - THE INFORMATION CONTAINED IN THIS PRESS RELEASE IS SUBJECT TO THE EXCLUSIVE RESPONSIBILITY OF THE ISSUER | PRN0005 Budgetausschuss: Grundsät... ÖVP - T E R M I N E Merck KGaA Zum Pressroom Rückfragen & Kontakt Erin-Marie Beals +49-151-1454-2694. Mehr zu dieser Aussendung Stichworte: Medizin, Gesundheit, Pharma, International Channel: Wirtschaft Auch interessant: Inhalt wird geladen ... Mehr Über apa-ots APA-OTS ist Österreichs stärkster Verbreiter von multimedialen Presseinformationen in Text, Bild, Video und Audio im In- und Ausland. Produkte & Preise OTS-Mailabo OTS-Twitterlist Aktuelle Bilder: Wirtschaft weitere Bilder Aktuelle Videos weitere Videos Meistgelesen auf ots.at (24h) - Channel Wirtschaft Quo Vadis Veritas: Recherche statt Meinung Quo Vadis Veritas Redaktions GmbH Offener Brief von Peter Buchmüller, Obmann der WKÖ-Bundessparte Handel, an AK OÖ-Präsident Johann Kalliauer Wirtschaftskammer Österreich dbi services verzeichnet 2016 ein Rekordjahr und ernennt David Hueber zum neuen CEO dbi services sa weitere Aussendungen Aktuelle Termine Samstag, 29. April 2017, 11:00 „Gestatten, Muslim.“ 2017 Islamische Föderation in Wien Samstag, 29. April 2017, 14:00 Minigolf Warm-up MQ Amore leisure communications Montag, 1. Mai 2017, 10:30 Einladung zum 1. Mai „Tag der Bildung – Chancen ergreifen“ mit NEOS-Vorsitzendem und Sindbad-Schirmherr Matthias Strolz NEOS Lab weitere Termine APA-Campus Wirtschaftslehrgang APA-OTS Laimgrubengasse 10 1060 Wien, Österreich Karte & Route +43 1 36060-5310 +43 1 36060-5399 (Fax) ots@apa.at Über APA-OTS Social Media & Feeds APA-OTS auf Facebook APA-OTS auf Twitter APA-OTS auf Instagram APA-OTS auf Xing APA-OTS auf LinkedIn APA-OTS auf Google+ Unsere Pins auf Pinterest Alle Feeds / Newsletter Portale & Apps Portale APA-OTS-VIDEO, APA-Fotoservice, Tourismuspresse, Tourismusvideo, IT-Press, Euroadhoc Blogs OTS-Blog, Tourismuspresse-Blog Partner Presseportal.de, Presseportal.ch OTS-Apps (gratis) iOS, Android Systemzugänge OTS-Manager OTS-Mailabo OTS-Journalistendaten OTS-Newsletterverwaltung   © 1997 - 2017 APA-OTS Originaltext-Service GmbH und der jeweilige Aussender. Alle Rechte vorbehalten. Disclaimer Netiquette Impressum AGB zum Seitenanfang
Events Resources Blog Journalists +44 (0)20 7454 5110+44 (0)20 7454 5110 Log In Sign Up News Products Contact Search News in Focus Browse News Releases All Public Company News View All News Releases All Multimedia News Regulatory News Benelux Regulatory News View All Regulatory News D/A/CH Regulatory News France Regulatory News UK Regulatory News Business & Money Auto & Transportation View All Auto & Transportation Aerospace & Defence Airlines & Aviation Air Freight Automotive Haulage & Road Transportation Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads & Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Business Technology View All Business Technology Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertainment & Media View All Entertainment & Media Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film & Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing View All Financial Services & Investing Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers & Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC & SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders’ Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business View All General Business Awards Commercial Real Estate Conference Call Announcements Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls & Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology View All Consumer Technology Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Websites Wireless Communications Energy View All Energy Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil & Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environment View All Environment Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing View All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Aerospace & Defence Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation & Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking & Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecommunications View All Telecommunications Carriers & Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunications Equipment Telecommunications Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail View All Consumer Products & Retail Animals & Pets Beers, Wines & Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics & Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture & Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewellery Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertainment & Media View All Entertainment & Media Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film & Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health View All Health Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports View All Sports General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel View All Travel Amusement Parks & Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels & Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest View All Policy & Public Interest Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Economic News, Trends & Analysis Education Environmental European Government Workplace & Union Not For Profit Public Safety People & Culture People & Culture View All People & Culture Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabled Hispanic LGBT Religion Older People Veterans Women Investigational Cladribine Tablets Data Show Greater Treatment Effect in Relapsing MS Patients at a Higher Risk of Disease Progression News provided by Merck 28 Apr, 2017, 14:00 BST Share this article DARMSTADT, Germany, April 28, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- Subgroup analysis shows >80% reduction in the risk of disability progression with Cladribine Tablets vs placebo  Merck, a leading science and technology company, announced the presentation of new analyses of efficacy and safety data for investigational Cladribine Tablets in poster presentations at the Annual Meeting of the American Academy of Neurology (AAN), taking place April 22 - 28, 2017, in Boston, Massachusetts.      (Logo: http://mma.prnewswire.com/media/492737/Merck_Logo.jpg) The findings from a retrospective subgroup analysis of the Phase III CLARITY trial in 289 patients with high disease activity* demonstrated statistically significant reduction in the risk of disability progression and relapse with Cladribine Tablets at a dose of 3.5mg/kg (n=140) compared with placebo (n= 149) in relapsing multiple sclerosis (MS) patients who were either treatment naïve or had prior disease modifying drug (DMD) exposure. "We know that a proportion of patients with MS have a higher risk of relapse and disability progression than the broader population," said Prof. Gavin Giovannoni, a lead investigator in the CLARITY studies and Chair of Neurology, Barts and The London School of Medicine and Dentistry. "These data are important since they indicate that patients in the high disease activity subgroup treated with Cladribine Tablets showed a greater response than that seen in the overall CLARITY trial population." The analysis demonstrated that treatment with Cladribine Tablets 3.5 mg/kg was associated with a larger reduction in the risk of 6-month confirmed EDSS progression in patients with high disease activity (82%; P=0.0001) than observed in the overall CLARITY population (47%; P=0.0016) vs placebo. Additionally, data showed that Cladribine Tablets reduced the relative risk of annualised relapse rate in patients with high disease activity (67%; P<0.0001) compared with the overall CLARITY population (58%; P=<0.0001). The study found that relapse and treatment history as well as MRI characteristics can help to identify patients who are at increased risk of experiencing relapses and disability progression. "Cladribine Tablets is thought to selectively target the adaptive immune response in MS, and may be able to address a medical need in those patients already at higher risk of disability progression or relapses," said Luciano Rossetti, Head of Global R&D for the biopharma business of Merck.   A safety analysis of patients given Cladribine Tablets for 20 days over two years in either CLARITY or CLARITY Extension showed that, following the 10-day dosing period in treatment year 1, median lymphocyte counts were reduced to a low of 1.00×10[9]/L. However, by the end of treatment year 1 and 2, median lymphocyte counts had recovered to within the normal range. In the 2-year CLARITY study, the most commonly reported adverse event (AE) in patients treated with Cladribine Tablets was lymphopenia. The incidence of infections was 48.3% with Cladribine Tablets and 42.5% with placebo, with 99.1% and 99.0% respectively rated mild-to-moderate by investigators. *Higher risk of disease progression and/or high disease activity is defined as patients with ≥ 1 relapse during the year prior to study entry while on DMD therapy AND ≥ 1 T1 Gd+ or ≥ 9 T2 lesions plus patients with ≥ 2 relapses during the year prior to study entry, regardless of prior use of DMD. About Cladribine Tablets   Cladribine Tablets is an investigational short-course oral therapy that is thought to selectively and periodically target lymphocytes thought to be integral to the pathological process of MS. Cladribine Tablets is currently under clinical investigation and not yet approved for the treatment for any use in the United States, Canada and Europe. In July 2016, the European Medicines Agency (EMA) accepted for review the Marketing Authorisation Application (MAA) of Cladribine Tablets for the treatment of relapsing remitting multiple sclerosis.  The clinical development program for Cladribine Tablets includes: CLARITY (CLAdRIbine Tablets Treating MS OrallY) study and its extension: a two-year Phase III placebo-controlled study designed to evaluate the efficacy and safety of Cladribine Tablets as a monotherapy in patients with RRMS and its two-year extension designed to provide data on the long-term safety and efficacy of extended administration of Cladribine Tablets for up to four years. ORACLE MS (ORAl CLadribine in Early MS) study: a two-year Phase III placebo-controlled study designed to evaluate the efficacy and safety of Cladribine Tablets as a monotherapy in patients at risk of developing MS (patients who have experienced a first clinical event suggestive of MS). ONWARD (Oral Cladribine Added ON To Interferon beta-1a in Patients with Active Relapsing Disease) study: a Phase II placebo-controlled study designed primarily to evaluate the safety and tolerability of adding Cladribine Tablets treatment to patients with relapsing forms of MS, who have experienced breakthrough disease while on established interferon-beta therapy. PREMIERE (Prospective Observational Long-term Safety Registry of Multiple Sclerosis Patients Who Have Participated in Cladribine Clinical Studies) study: interim long-term follow-up data from the prospective registry, PREMIERE, to evaluate the safety and efficacy of Cladribine Tablets. The follow-up will consist of over 10,000 patient years of exposure in total, with follow-up in some patients exceeding eight years at completion. About Multiple Sclerosis  Multiple sclerosis (MS) is a chronic, inflammatory condition of the central nervous system and is the most common, non-traumatic, disabling neurological disease in young adults. It is estimated that approximately 2.3 million people have MS worldwide. While symptoms can vary, the most common symptoms of MS include blurred vision, numbness or tingling in the limbs and problems with strength and coordination. The relapsing forms of MS are the most common. All Merck Press Releases are distributed by e-mail at the same time they become available on the Merck Website. Please go to http://www.merckgroup.com/subscribe to register online, change your selection or discontinue this service. About Merck  Merck is a leading science and technology company in healthcare, life science and performance materials. Around 50,000 employees work to further develop technologies that improve and enhance life - from biopharmaceutical therapies to treat cancer or multiple sclerosis, cutting-edge systems for scientific research and production, to liquid crystals for smartphones and LCD televisions. In 2016, Merck generated sales of € 15.0 billion in 66 countries. Founded in 1668, Merck is the world's oldest pharmaceutical and chemical company. The founding family remains the majority owner of the publicly listed corporate group. Merck holds the global rights to the Merck name and brand. The only exceptions are the United States and Canada, where the company operates as EMD Serono, MilliporeSigma and EMD Performance Materials. SOURCE Merck 21 Apr, 2017, 14:43 BST Preview: Merck to Present Rebif® (interferon beta-1a) and Investigational Cladribine Tablets Data at AAN 2017 My News Release contains wide tables. View fullscreen. Also from this source 21 Apr, 2017, 14:43 BSTMerck to Present Rebif® (interferon beta-1a) and Investigational... 20 Apr, 2017, 07:00 BSTMerck Provides Upgraded Manufacturing Capabilities to BioInvent... Explore More news releases in similar topics Health Care & Hospitals Medical Pharmaceuticals Pharmaceuticals Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries You just read: Investigational Cladribine Tablets Data Show Greater Treatment Effect in Relapsing MS Patients at a Higher Risk of Disease Progression News provided by Merck 28 Apr, 2017, 14:00 BST Share this article Looking to send a news release with PR Newswire? Take advantage of the world's leading distribution platform. Sign up to get started Request more information Have an account? Log In Contact Us +44 (0)20 7454 5110 from 8 AM - 5:30 PM GMT Send a Release Sign Up Blog For Journalists Contact Us Search Contact PR Newswire +44 (0)20 7454 5110 from 8 AM - 5:30 PM GMT Contact Us Overview Request More Info Become a Partner   Products The Wire Multimedia News Releases Disclosure Services Media Intelligence About About PR Newswire About Cision Partnering Opportunities Careers   Global Sites Asia Brazil Canada Czech Denmark Finland France Germany India Israel Mexico Middle East Netherlands Norway Poland Portugal Russia Slovakia Spain Sweden United States My Services All News Releases Customer Portal Resources Blog Journalists My Services All News Releases Customer Portal Resources Blog Journalists +44 (0)20 7454 5110 from 8 AM - 5:30 PM GMT Terms of Use Privacy Policy Information Security Policy Statement Site Map Copyright © 2017 PR Newswire Europe Limited. All Rights Reserved. A Cision company. News Products Contact News in Focus Browse News Releases All Public Company News View All News Releases All Multimedia News Regulatory News Benelux Regulatory News View All Regulatory News D/A/CH Regulatory News France Regulatory News UK Regulatory News Business & Money Auto & Transportation View All Auto & Transportation Aerospace & Defence Airlines & Aviation Air Freight Automotive Haulage & Road Transportation Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads & Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Business Technology View All Business Technology Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertainment & Media View All Entertainment & Media Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film & Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing View All Financial Services & Investing Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers & Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC & SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders’ Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business View All General Business Awards Commercial Real Estate Conference Call Announcements Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls & Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology View All Consumer Technology Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Websites Wireless Communications Energy View All Energy Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil & Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environment View All Environment Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing View All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Aerospace & Defence Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation & Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking & Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecommunications View All Telecommunications Carriers & Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunications Equipment Telecommunications Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail View All Consumer Products & Retail Animals & Pets Beers, Wines & Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics & Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture & Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewellery Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertainment & Media View All Entertainment & Media Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film & Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health View All Health Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports View All Sports General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel View All Travel Amusement Parks & Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels & Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest View All Policy & Public Interest Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Economic News, Trends & Analysis Education Environmental European Government Workplace & Union Not For Profit Public Safety People & Culture People & Culture View All People & Culture Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabled Hispanic LGBT Religion Older People Veterans Women Phone +44 (0)20 7454 5110 from 8 AM - 5:30 PM GMT All contact info Send a ReleaseLog In
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Merck & Co. Inc. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Merck & Co. Inc. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Teachers Advisors LLC Sells 11,149 Shares of Arrow Electronics, Inc. (ARW) Teachers Advisors LLC Sells 37,574 Shares of Exterran Corp (EXTN) Teachers Advisors LLC Decreases Position in J2 Global Inc (JCOM) Ramco-Gershenson Properties Trust (RPT) Position Boosted by Teachers Advisors LLC Teachers Advisors LLC Boosts Stake in Walt Disney Co (DIS) Merck & Co., Inc. (MRK) Shares Bought by Teachers Advisors LLC Teachers Advisors LLC Sells 1,790 Shares of Amazon.com, Inc. (AMZN) Circassia Pharmaceuticals PLC (CIR) Rating Lowered to Hold at Peel Hunt Peel Hunt Increases Boohoo.Com PLC (BOO) Price Target to GBX 220 Circassia Pharmaceuticals PLC (CIR) Earns “Add” Rating from Peel Hunt BTG plc’s (BTG) Buy Rating Reiterated at Numis Securities Ltd Compass Group plc (CPG) Coverage Initiated at Deutsche Bank AG FinnCap Reaffirms “Buy” Rating for Connect Group PLC (CNCT) MGP Ingredients Inc (MGPI) Short Interest Update Ryder System, Inc. (R) Stock Rating Lowered by Stephens 492,631 Shares in Epizyme Inc (EPZM) Acquired by Norges Bank Baker Hughes Incorporated (BHI) Stock Rating Lowered by BMO Capital Markets Norges Bank Buys Shares of 129,280 US Ecology Inc (ECOL) Norges Bank Takes Position in Cyberark Software Ltd (CYBR) Norges Bank Takes Position in Ocwen Financial Corp (OCN) Merck & Co., Inc. (MRK) Shares Bought by Teachers Advisors LLC April 28th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Trevor Kearing Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet Teachers Advisors LLC boosted its stake in shares of Merck & Co., Inc. (NYSE:MRK) by 9.1% during the fourth quarter, according to its most recent filing with the SEC. The firm owned 6,756,347 shares of the company’s stock after buying an additional 561,448 shares during the period. Merck & Co. comprises about 0.6% of Teachers Advisors LLC’s investment portfolio, making the stock its 20th largest position. Teachers Advisors LLC’s holdings in Merck & Co. were worth $397,746,000 at the end of the most recent quarter. A number of other large investors have also recently added to or reduced their stakes in MRK. 1st Global Advisors Inc. boosted its stake in Merck & Co. by 8.9% in the third quarter. 1st Global Advisors Inc. now owns 19,849 shares of the company’s stock valued at $1,239,000 after buying an additional 1,623 shares during the last quarter. Parsec Financial Management Inc. boosted its stake in Merck & Co. by 12.6% in the third quarter. Parsec Financial Management Inc. now owns 13,963 shares of the company’s stock valued at $871,000 after buying an additional 1,561 shares during the last quarter. Alpha Windward LLC boosted its stake in Merck & Co. by 1.6% in the third quarter. Alpha Windward LLC now owns 5,687 shares of the company’s stock valued at $355,000 after buying an additional 87 shares during the last quarter. Klingman & Associates LLC boosted its stake in Merck & Co. by 14.2% in the third quarter. Klingman & Associates LLC now owns 4,011 shares of the company’s stock valued at $250,000 after buying an additional 500 shares during the last quarter. Finally, Meeder Asset Management Inc. boosted its stake in Merck & Co. by 12.4% in the third quarter. Meeder Asset Management Inc. now owns 104,056 shares of the company’s stock valued at $6,494,000 after buying an additional 11,515 shares during the last quarter. Hedge funds and other institutional investors own 74.10% of the company’s stock. Merck & Co., Inc. (NYSE:MRK) opened at 62.58 on Friday. The company’s 50 day moving average price is $63.36 and its 200-day moving average price is $62.48. The firm has a market capitalization of $171.82 billion, a price-to-earnings ratio of 44.38 and a beta of 0.79. Merck & Co., Inc. has a 12-month low of $53.06 and a 12-month high of $66.80. Merck & Co. also was the target of unusually large options trading on Wednesday. Stock investors bought 15,362 put options on the company. This represents an increase of 448% compared to the typical daily volume of 2,805 put options. Merck & Co. (NYSE:MRK) last issued its quarterly earnings results on Thursday, February 2nd. The company reported $0.89 EPS for the quarter, hitting the Zacks’ consensus estimate of $0.89. The business had revenue of $10.10 billion for the quarter, compared to analyst estimates of $10.22 billion. Merck & Co. had a return on equity of 24.08% and a net margin of 14.30%. Merck & Co.’s quarterly revenue was down 1.0% compared to the same quarter last year. During the same period last year, the company posted $0.93 earnings per share. On average, equities analysts anticipate that Merck & Co., Inc. will post $3.81 earnings per share for the current fiscal year. The firm also recently declared a quarterly dividend, which was paid on Friday, April 7th. Investors of record on Wednesday, March 15th were issued a dividend of $0.47 per share. The ex-dividend date of this dividend was Monday, March 13th. This represents a $1.88 dividend on an annualized basis and a yield of 3.00%. Merck & Co.’s dividend payout ratio (DPR) is currently 92.61%. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION WARNING: “Merck & Co., Inc. (MRK) Shares Bought by Teachers Advisors LLC” was first reported by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are reading this piece on another website, it was illegally stolen and reposted in violation of United States & international copyright & trademark legislation. The original version of this piece can be read at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/04/28/merck-co-inc-mrk-shares-bought-by-teachers-advisors-llc.html. Several equities research analysts have commented on the company. Vetr upgraded Merck & Co. from a “sell” rating to a “hold” rating and set a $65.54 target price on the stock in a research note on Wednesday, March 1st. Sanford C. Bernstein restated a “market perform” rating on shares of Merck & Co. in a research note on Friday, February 24th. BMO Capital Markets cut their target price on Merck & Co. from $72.00 to $70.00 and set an “outperform” rating on the stock in a research note on Wednesday, February 15th. Jefferies Group LLC restated an “underperform” rating and issued a $52.00 target price (up previously from $50.00) on shares of Merck & Co. in a research note on Saturday, March 11th. Finally, Leerink Swann restated a “market perform” rating on shares of Merck & Co. in a research note on Monday, March 20th. Two analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, eight have issued a hold rating and eleven have assigned a buy rating to the company’s stock. The company currently has a consensus rating of “Hold” and an average target price of $67.68. In related news, Director Wendell P. Weeks sold 5,000 shares of Merck & Co. stock in a transaction on Monday, February 6th. The stock was sold at an average price of $64.51, for a total transaction of $322,550.00. Following the sale, the director now directly owns 5,100 shares in the company, valued at $329,001. The sale was disclosed in a filing with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which is accessible through this hyperlink. Also, EVP Adam H. Schechter sold 53,850 shares of Merck & Co. stock in a transaction on Monday, April 3rd. The stock was sold at an average price of $63.48, for a total value of $3,418,398.00. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Insiders have sold 160,809 shares of company stock worth $10,261,846 over the last quarter. 0.05% of the stock is currently owned by corporate insiders. Merck & Co. Company Profile Merck & Co, Inc is a global healthcare company. The Company offers health solutions through its prescription medicines, vaccines, biologic therapies and animal health products. It operates through four segments: Pharmaceutical, Animal Health, Healthcare Services and Alliances. The Company’s Pharmaceutical segment includes human health pharmaceutical and vaccine products marketed either directly by the Company or through joint ventures. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding MRK? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Merck & Co., Inc. (NYSE:MRK). Receive News & Ratings for Merck & Co. Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Merck & Co. Inc. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Judge Uses Comment by President Trump in Ruling Fight for Border Wall Approaches in Attempt to Avoid Shutdown President Trump Attempting To Repeal ACA Again Vice President Pence Says North Korea Should Not Test U.S. Resolve Trump’s Back and Forth on Economics © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home Calendar Manchester Bennington Accommodations Manchester Bennington Real Estate Manchester Bennington Restaurants Manchester Bennington Entertainment News Things To Do Yankee Fisherman Facebook Twitter Advertising Home Marketplace Automotive Business & Services Help Wanted Merchandise & Miscellaneous Rentals Submit a Marketplace Ad Subscribe Contact Home Calendar Manchester Bennington Accommodations Manchester Bennington Real Estate Manchester Bennington Restaurants Manchester Bennington Entertainment News Things To Do Yankee Fisherman Facebook Twitter Advertising Documentary Explores Makers of the First US Forest Documentary Explores Makers of the First US Forest April 28, 2017 Documentary Explores Makers of the First US Forest Documentary Explores Makers of the First US Forest Merck Forest and Farmland Center and the Salem Courthouse Community Center will co-host a free screening of ‘America’s First Forest’ on Thursday, May 4, at 7 p.m. This in-depth documentary about legendary forester and educator Dr. Carl Alwin Schenck is part of the Salem Courthouse’s History Lecture Series. It explores Schenck’s work at the North Carolina estate of millionaire George Vanderbilt and its impact on the conservation movement. The extraordinary collaboration between Vanderbilt, Schenck, landscape architect Frederick Law Olmsted and US Forest Service founder Gifford Pinchot, resulted in the founding of the nation’s first – and arguably most influential – forestry school, inspiring the call for creating national forests in the eastern United States. By introducing scientific forest management to America and establishing the Biltmore Forest School, Schenck laid the foundation for the conservation movement in the 20th century, a movement which continues to inspire people today. Schenck has a local connection; as second cousin and mentor to Merck Forest founder George Merck, he inspired the establishment of the Vermont Forest and Farmland Foundation in 1950, the precursor of the Merck Forest and Farmland Center. Numerous plantations of European tree species were established under Dr. Schenck’s guidance. To learn more, visit americasfirstforest.org. The film will be shown at the Courthouse Community Center, 58 East Broadway, Salem, N.Y. For more information about the screening, call 802-394-7836, or visit merckforest.org. Jen April 28, 2017 Categories:News, Things To Do Tags:Alwin, America's, and, Carl, Center, community, Courthouse, Dr., Farmland, First, forest, George, Merck, Salem, Schenck, Vanderbuilt 0 Comments 0 Likes Search for: Manchester Weather       next 4 days                         Powered by Forecast.io Tweets by @VtGuide 0 Comments Leave a reply Click here to cancel the reply Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Name * Email * Website Title Comment ©2017 HAN Network. All rights reserved. Vermont Guide, 105A Bonnet Street, Manchester, VT 05255 Home Contact Us Subscribe
continue to article News All Local News Search Last 36 hours Nation + World Environment Politics Justice Polygamy Health Care Education Weather Utah's Right Elevate Empower Utah Legal Notices Sports Utah Jazz RSL Utah Utes BYU Cougars USU Aggies WSU Wildcats Preps Grizzlies Bees Outdoors Winter Sports College Monson Kragthorpe All-time BYU football stats All-time Utes football stats Blogs Politics UPIN The Cricket TV Jazz Notes U of U Sports BYU Sports Prep Sports RSL Hiking Outdoors & Travel Sundance More Blogs Opinion Editorials Commentary Letters Bagley Cartoon Gehrke Rolly Cannon Kirby Blog: State of the Debate Submit a Letter Faith Religion news LDS Church Faith Blog Entertainment Calendar Film-Finder Movies Restaurants Lifestyle Arts Food Music TV Sundance Shopping Puzzles & Games Comics Horoscopes Cool Stuff The Legacy of Joe Hill I Love videos Whatever Happened To... Special Reports Videos Photo Galleries Utah Bucket List Preparing to play Money Top Workplaces Home Prices Obituaries Jobs Top Employer Top Educator Top Jobs Employment News Employers Post A Job Contact Us Homes Find a Home Find a Realtor Rentals Legal Notices Top Workplaces Top Workplaces Subscribe    Print New Subscription Register for e-Edition Access your e-Edition Print Registration Print Login    sltrib.com Membership Become a Supporting Member Premium Ad-Free Site Login Account Login Member FAQ Toggle navigation News All Local News Search Last 36 hours Nation + World Environment Politics Justice Polygamy Health Care Education Weather Utah's Right Elevate Empower Utah Legal Notices    SPONSORED BY: Sports Utah Jazz RSL Utah Utes BYU Cougars USU Aggies WSU Wildcats Preps Grizzlies Bees Outdoors Winter Sports College Monson Kragthorpe All-time BYU football stats All-time Utes football stats Blogs Politics UPIN The Cricket TV Jazz Notes U of U Sports BYU Sports Prep Sports RSL Hiking Outdoors & Travel Sundance More Blogs Opinion Editorials Commentary Letters Bagley Cartoon Gehrke Rolly Cannon Kirby Blog: State of the Debate Submit a Letter Faith Religion news LDS Church Faith Blog Entertainment Sundance Calendar Film-Finder Movies Restaurants Lifestyle Arts Food Music TV Shopping Puzzles & Games Comics Horoscopes Cool Stuff The Legacy of Joe Hill I Love videos Whatever Happened To... Special Reports Videos Photo Galleries Utah Bucket List Preparing to play Money Top Workplaces Home Prices Obituaries Jobs Top Employer Top Educator Top Jobs Employment News Employers Post A Job Contact Us    SPONSORED BY: Homes Find a Home Find a Realtor Rentals Legal Notices Top Workplaces Subscribe    Print New Subscription Register for e-Edition Access your e-Edition Print Registration Print Login    sltrib.com Membership Become a Supporting Member Premium Ad-Free Site Login Account Login Member FAQ Home » News Salt Lake City 41 ° Traffic / Ski Report Stories from last 36 hours 2017 PULITZER PRIZE WINNER 2017 PULITZER PRIZE WINNER APRIL 29, 2017 APRIL 29, 2017 Become a Member | Ad-Free Login Home » News APR 29, 2017  |  Salt Lake City 41 °  |  Traffic / Ski Report Stories from last 36 hours Become a Member | Ad-Free Login Home » News Become a Member | Ad-Free Login Bristol-Myers’s cancer results relieve investors By JARED S. HOPKINS Bloomberg News First Published Apr 28 2017 01:05AM    •    Last Updated Apr 28 2017 01:05 am Share This Article Bristol-Myers Squibb's blockbuster cancer drug Opdivo held its ground against competing products in the first quarter, easing concerns about its future growth and potentially appeasing activists' investors who recently took stakes in the company. Opdivo's revenue totaled $1.13 billion during the period, the New-York based drugmaker said in a statement Thursday, surpassing analysts' estimates by more than $100 million. Bristol-Myers also raised its profit forecast for the full year after first-quarter earnings came in higher than predicted. Hedge fund Jana Partners LLC and, according to the Wall Street Journal, Carl Icahn, bought stakes this year after Bristol-Myers lost about $30 billion in market value in eight months following several oncology setbacks. The main blow came in August from Opdivo, which failed in a late-stage trial that would have widely expanded its treatment for lung cancer patients. That opened the door for rival treatments from Merck & Co. and Roche Holding AG to gain market share. VIDEOS TOP JOBS Underneath Bristol-Myers' strong results, though, lie the signs of a slowdown. While Opdivo's sales jumped 60 percent from a year earlier, they fell sequentially. In addition to Merck's Keytruda, which has taken the lead in some oncology markets, Opdivo is now facing competition from Roche's Tecentriq. Another competitor, AstraZeneca Plc, is also developing combination immunotherapy treatments. Bristol-Myers has lost 29 percent of its value since Aug. 5, when it said Opdivo failed as a single agent for lung cancer in a late-stage trial. The sagging stock has attracted activists, and in February the company named three independent directors and agreed to buy back shares following discussions with Jana. On the same day, the Wall Street Journal reported that Icahn bought a stake and that he saw Bristol-Myers as a potential takeover candidate. Bristol-Myers' other key growth driver, blood thinner Eliquis, also surpassed predictions in the first quarter, a sign that the drug is closing the gap with Johnson & Johnson's Xarelto, which had a disappointing quarter. Sales totaled $1.10 billion, while analysts had anticipated $1.02 billion, on average. The company increased its 2017 earnings forecast to a range $2.85 to $3 a share, excluding some items, from $2.70 to $2.90. Profit on that basis was 84 cents a share in the first quarter, topping the 73-cent average of estimates. Revenue increased 12 percent to $4.9 billion. Analysts had anticipated $4.75 billion.   Share This Article JOIN THE DISCUSSION     Post a Comment POPULAR STORIES U. Health Care CEO Vivian Lee resigns after cancer institute controversy Records indicate inmate begged for help before dying in Duchesne County jail Kragthorpe: Missed shots may have ended Jazz's home season NBA playoffs: Despite late rally, Jazz fall to the Clippers in Game 6 Monson: Now it's the Jazz's turn to feel desperation in the series Contests and Promotions COMMENTS POST A COMMENT      () News All Local News Search Last 36 hours Nation + World RSS Twitter Environment Politics Justice Polygamy Education Weather Traffic Utah's Right Elevate Empower Utah Cool Stuff The Legacy of Joe Hill I Love videos Whatever Happened To... Special Reports Videos Photo Galleries Utah Bucket List Preparing to play Sports All Sports Olympics TribPreps Utah Jazz Utah Utes BYU Cougars USU Aggies WSU Wildcats College RSL Grizzlies Bees Winter Sports Outdoors Gordon Monson Kurt Kragthorpe All-time BYU football stats All-time Utes football stats Money All Money Top Workplaces Home Prices Blogs All Blogs Politics The Cricket TV Jazz Notes U of U Sports BYU Sports Prep Sports RSL Hiking Sundance Opinion All Opinion Editorials Commentary Letters Bagley Cartoons Gehrke Rolly Cannon Kirby Submit a Letter Faith All Faith LDS Church Religion news Faith Blog Entertainment All Entertainment Calendar Film-Finder Movies Restaurants Lifestyle Arts Food Music TV Sundance Shopping Puzzles & Games Comics Horoscopes Membership Ad-Free Site Login Become a Member Account Login Member FAQ Obituaries Search Obituaries Place an Obituary Marketplace Search Cars Search Homes Search Jobs Search Marketplace Legal Notices Other Services Advertise With Us Subscribe to the Newspaper Access your e-Edition Frequently Asked Questions Contact a newsroom staff member Access the Trib Archives Privacy Policy Missing your paper? Need to place your paper on vacation hold? For this and any other subscription related needs, click here or call 801.204.6100 Copyright @ 2017, The Salt Lake Tribune
Home Subscribe (Free) About NaturalNews Contact Us Write for NaturalNews Media info Advertising info ARTICLES BLOGS LABS SCIENCE REFERENCE REPORTS VIDEOS RADIO INFOGRAPHICS MUSIC CARTOONS LIBRARY RSS STORE Search Powered by GoodGopher.com Carbon Dioxide "Pollutant" myth DEBUNKED Thousands damaged by shingles vaccine are trying to sue Merck Thursday, April 27, 2017 by: Frances Bloomfield Tags: Merck, shingles, vaccines, zostavax (Natural News) What was supposed to be a cure for shingles has brought on worse complications. Thousands have attempted to file lawsuits against American pharmaceutical company Merck & Co. for problems associated with their product Zostavax. In an interview with TROFire.com, Troy Bouk, Associate Attorney at the Levin Papantonio law firm, stated that the side effects of the shingles vaccine included meningitis, encephalitis, stroke, palsy, and many others. According to Bouk, these side effects are all features of shingles—and with the vaccine created from a live strain of the virus, it’s no wonder that Zostavax has caused people to experience these conditions. Zostavax was approved by the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC), Bouk said. The group has since recommended that only people 60 and above should take the vaccine. The Food and Drug Administration (FDA), on the other hand, approved Zostavax for people 50 and above, states TheFreeThoughtProject.com. The CDC has warned that people within the 50 to 59 age group may lose the alleged protection benefits of the vaccine by the time the reach 60, however. “Let’s say you’re 55 years old. It may stay in your system till you’re 60, but you actually are at the greatest risk of getting shingles when you’re in your 60s. That’s why the CDC recommends that you really don’t get it until you’re in your 60s, because that’s probably when you’re going to need it the most,” Bouk said. On the efficacy of the vaccine, the CDC has stated that it only reduced the risk of shingles by a mere 51 percent, making its true potency uncertain. This unpredictability is the reason why attorney Marc J. Bern of Marc J. Bern & Partners LLP has “thousands of complaints” that have yet to be filed in Philadelphia, Penn. In a statement to FiercePharma.com, Bern has said that the injuries run “the gamut from contracting shingles as a result of the vaccine all the way to serious personal injuries such as blindness in one eye, individuals who have serious paralysis in their extremities, brain damage, all the way to death.” In an additional comment, Bern stated that he thought “Merck has failed terribly … to warn about the very serious side effects and the failure of the vaccine to do what they claim it does.” (Related: Shingles vaccine made with pig gelatin, MSG and residual components of human DNA from an aborted fetus. Why?) Bern has said that his firm has been examining the drug “for quite some time”, and that the litigation has “merits.” The attorney has also expressed his belief that the cases should be grouped together for mass tort status. Another attorney, Michael Katz, agrees with Bern. In response, a spokesperson for Merck has stated that “Nothing is more important to Merck than the safety of our medicines and vaccines.” If that’s the case, then why are thousands of people experiencing ailments associated with the disease the vaccine is supposed to cure? Because it’s made from the same virus, that’s why. Is it wonder why Zostavax is causing more harm than good? News and other media concerning vaccines and drug companies can be read over at Vaccines.news and BigPharmaNews.com. Zostavax facts Zostavax was approved by the FDA in 2006. In 2016, Zostavax pulled in $749 million in sales for Merck. Currently, Zostavax is the only approved shingles vaccine in the United States. GlaxoSmithKline is working on a second shingles vaccine called Shingrix. The drug manufacturer is still seeking the approval of the FDA for their drug. Sources include: TROFire.com TheFreeThoughtProject.com FiercePharma.com ForThePeople.com Previous :California cities are among the most polluted in America Next : Climate change app terrorizes youth with wildly exaggerated sea level projections Join the Health Ranger's FREE email newsletter Get breaking news alerts on GMOs, fluoride, superfoods, natural cures and more... (Note: Avoid using gmail.com addresses, because Google deliberately censors this email newsletter to protect Big Pharma's profits.) Your privacy is protected. Unsubscribe at any time. | Learn more... More news on Merck Thousands damaged by shingles vaccine are trying to sue Merck Merck in hot water over dangerous shingles vaccine that caused numerous injuries, deaths CDC: Mumps outbreak can still occur in highly VACCINATED communities Scientists shocked to learn that shingles vaccines can transform vaccinated people into “carriers” who spread infectious disease Robert F Kennedy Jr: CDC an “edifice of fraud” Disqus Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Take Action: Support Natural News by linking to this article from your website Permalink to this article: http://www.naturalnews.com/2017-04-27-thousands-of-people-damaged-by-zostavax-shingles-vaccine-now-attempting-to-sue-merck.html Embed article link: (copy HTML code below): <a href="http://www.naturalnews.com/2017-04-27-thousands-of-people-damaged-by-zostavax-shingles-vaccine-now-attempting-to-sue-merck.html">Thousands damaged by shingles vaccine are trying to sue Merck</a> Reprinting this article: Non-commercial use OK, cite NaturalNews.com with clickable link. Follow Natural News on Facebook, Twitter, Google Plus, and Pinterest Most Viewed Articles Today Week Month Year Amazon wants to watch you get dressed: New “Echo Look” camera to spy on you in your own bedroom and bathroom - NaturalNews.com Thousands damaged by shingles vaccine are trying to sue Merck - NaturalNews.com 5 Over-the-counter drugs you MUST avoid - NaturalNews.com Carbon dioxide “pollutant” myth totally DEBUNKED in must-see science video - NaturalNews.com After pushing vaccines for depopulation, Bill Gates now warns that bioterrorism might kill 30 million more - NaturalNews.com Groundbreaking solar device pulls water from DRY air - NaturalNews.com Alarming statistics reveal “young strokes” are surging across America - NaturalNews.com Stunned researchers discover that the impact of walking dramatically boosts blood flow to the brain, boosting cognitive function - NaturalNews.com Glyphosate weed killer unleashes grotesque chemical deformations in farm animals... two-headed calves, pigs born with no skin, twisted life forms seem spawned from Hell... PHOTOS Mysterious compound called “F19” discovered by Israeli researchers to kill antibiotic-resistant superbugs without encouraging resistance - NaturalNews.com CBD oil helps autistic boy speak again - NaturalNews.com How to make bread healthy again How can Bill Nye understand anything about science when he can’t even understand the U.S. Constitution? - NaturalNews.com Here’s one thing you should know about Earth Day: its co-founder Ira Einhorn killed his girlfriend and “recycled” her into compost - NaturalNews.com NASA scientists quietly announce that Enceladus, a Saturn moon, can support life - NaturalNews.com Chronic pain – Natural solutions revealed - NaturalNews.com UNSOLVED: 1,600 people have mysteriously gone missing in public parks - NaturalNews.com Bill Nye goes FULL LUNATIC with vulgar transgender music video singing about “moist vagina” and how transgenderism is “evolution” - NaturalNews.com Bill Nye goes FULL LUNATIC with vulgar transgender music video singing about “moist vagina” and how transgenderism is “evolution” - NaturalNews.com If you’re not using OPTICAL storage, all your data may be wiped out in a nuclear war, solar flare or EMP attack - NaturalNews.com Amazon wants to watch you get dressed: New “Echo Look” camera to spy on you in your own bedroom and bathroom - NaturalNews.com William Shatner targeted by vaccine bullies in vicious campaign to silence tweets about autism - NaturalNews.com Thousands damaged by shingles vaccine are trying to sue Merck - NaturalNews.com Skin care expert reveals the 20 most toxic chemical ingredients in beauty products… are you poisoning yourself? - NaturalNews.com UNSOLVED: 1,600 people have mysteriously gone missing in public parks - NaturalNews.com Help your hair by eating these 10 foods full of healthy hair growth properties - NaturalNews.com Scientists stunned as dried leaves achieve 100% CURE RATE among critically ill MALARIA patients after all pharma drugs failed - NaturalNews.com 5 Over-the-counter drugs you MUST avoid - NaturalNews.com Carbon dioxide “pollutant” myth totally DEBUNKED in must-see science video - NaturalNews.com 3 Off-grid ways to save money on your electric bill - NaturalNews.com Eat like a pro: Tom Brady launches his own super clean meal delivery service - NaturalNews.com Starbucks launches TOXIC Unicorn Frappuccino in effort to stay relevant - NaturalNews.com The best and worst forms of magnesium to take as a supplement Grid down in San Fran, NYC and LA - what happens when ALL major cities lose power? - NaturalNews.com How Planned Parenthood uses linguistic tricks to DECEIVE an entire nation about “women’s health care” - NaturalNews.com Vitamin D may be your best defense against respiratory infections, new science finds - NaturalNews.com If nuclear war breaks out, which U.S. cities would be targeted first? - NaturalNews.com Smart Meters could be overbilling you by a whopping 582% - NaturalNews.com Obama officials caught red-handed in most explosive abuse of power in U.S. history… bigger than Watergate… is Susan Rice going to prison? - NaturalNews.com United Airlines drags physician kicking and screaming off a flight he PAID FOR because they overbooked and wanted the seat back - NaturalNews.com Sleepwalking toward World War III… like clockwork, the next 25-year cycle of mass human suffering and death begins NOW - NaturalNews.com Incredibly disturbing animation reveals how vaccines are really made… WARNING: this will turn your stomach - NaturalNews.com Opium-like painkiller alternative can be found growing in your backyard - NaturalNews.com The best and worst forms of magnesium to take as a supplement Collapse.news publishes comprehensive list of REAL assets that hold their value through nuclear war, social chaos or global debt collapse - NaturalNews.com Whooping cough outbreak strikes school with unvaccinated child... what happened next will never be reported by the CDC Fall from grace? Whole Foods losing staggering number of customers - NaturalNews.com Bill Nye goes FULL LUNATIC with vulgar transgender music video singing about “moist vagina” and how transgenderism is “evolution” - NaturalNews.com In plain sight: How to stay hidden during a crisis - NaturalNews.com Massive academic cover-up concealing a near-total collapse of ocean food chains … mass death to humans will follow - NaturalNews.com North Korea ready to nuke America … “world should be ready” warns high-level defector who confirms nuke launch plans with NBC News - NaturalNews.com This court just ruled Coca-Cola products are POISON - NaturalNews.com William Shatner targeted by vaccine bullies in vicious campaign to silence tweets about autism - NaturalNews.com If you’re not using OPTICAL storage, all your data may be wiped out in a nuclear war, solar flare or EMP attack - NaturalNews.com In the 1930s, Adolf Hitler arrested and executed ‘fake news’ journalists who rightfully claimed that Jews were being exterminated - NaturalNews.com The best and worst forms of magnesium to take as a supplement The 8 Most Dangerous Medicines on Earth... are you taking any of these? Pepsi admits its soda contains cancer-causing ingredients Statin scam exposed: Cholesterol drugs cause rapid aging, brain damage and diabetes CONFIRMED: Cancer is entirely a man-made disease Top 9 vaccines you NEVER need and exactly why the CDC has to scare everybody into getting them Does green tea have caffeine? Seven things you need to know Hillary Clinton's health in rapid collapse... voters in shock after photos show her unable to walk up small flight of stairs Hexavalent chromium (chromium-6) was just found in 75% of drinking water... the mass chemical suicide of America is under way Top six alkaline foods to eat every day for vibrant health Chaos will erupt across America in less than 100 days... no matter who wins the election Testosterone cures cancer; doctors stunned at discovery - NaturalNews.com 12 easy ways to remove acid build-up from your body, alkalize your pH and beat disease CLAIM: Historic event to occur in the next six days that will end the rise of Trump and seize the future of America for totalitarian globalists And now the cover-up murders begin in Flint, Michigan: Water treatment plant foreman found dead... young mom murdered in her home after filing lawsuit against Michigan government 10 health benefits of cucumbers Hillary Clinton video: THE WALKING DEAD... collapses into security van... 'medical event'... diagnosed with 'vascular dementia' and Parkinson's... 'one year left to live' says doctor Popular on Facebook 16K Indian state will pay farmers to go 100% organic and GMO-free 12K Study: Manuka honey kills more bacteria than all available antibiotics 10K Washington Post goes “full treason” – fabricates entire story falsely claiming Trump won because of Russian hacks 8K US Court of Appeals: States and counties can ban GMO crops despite federal laws 6K The 7 most dangerous vaccines injected into humans and exactly why they cause more harm than good 6K Trump allowed Black homeless woman to live in Trump Tower for 8 years, rent free 4K In the 1930s, Adolf Hitler arrested and executed ‘fake news’ journalists who rightfully claimed that Jews were being exterminated 3K Facebook rolls out plans to push GMOs by labeling anti-GMO stories ‘fake’ news 3K Food companies hiding harmful high fructose corn syrup under new name 3K Standing Rock victory in North Dakota as US Army Corps of Engineers revokes pipeline permits 3K TREASON: Left-wing media attempting a “soft coup” in America by hyperventilating over self-contrived Russian conspiracy fabrication 3K Russian hack narrative revealed to be elaborate media hoax… email leaks actually came from Bernie Sanders insider 3K Facebook to become left-wing propaganda echo chamber with Orwellian plan to label independent journalism “fake” 3K Scam: No trace of Aloe Vera found in products at Walmart, CVS 2K Will President Trump dismantle dangerous vaccine mandates that harm children across America? 2K Medical scientists stunned as “magic mushroom” treatment found to heal mental illness… yet it remains illegal 2K Protesters at Dakota Pipeline have noticed unidentified crop dusters spraying chemicals over them late at night 2K Top doctors reveal that vaccines can trigger autoimmunity, turning our immune systems against us Advertise with NaturalNews... Health News EpiPen prices have skyrocketed over 100% in the last decade (Newstarget.com) - 3 Hours Ago 10 Healthy reasons to add flax seed to your diet (Naturalnews.com) - 3 Hours Ago Stunned researchers discover that the impact of walking dramatically boosts blood flow to the brain, boosting cognitive function (Naturalnews.com) - 3 Hours Ago Thousands damaged by shingles vaccine are trying to sue Merck (Naturalnews.com) - 3 Hours Ago CBD oil helps autistic boy speak again (Naturalnews.com) - 3 Hours Ago 5 Over-the-counter drugs you MUST avoid (Naturalnews.com) - 3 Hours Ago Support NaturalNews Sponsors: Advertise with NaturalNews... AlternativeNews.com The independent news source for free-thinking people GoodGopher.com Search for more articles like this one at GoodGopher.com - the search engine for news and information. Talk Radio without corporate collusion Now streaming: 28 amazing hosts like the Health Ranger, Robert Scott Bell and more Find the up-to-date news you're looking for at Fetch.News Find articles on today's most searched keywords & topics. Uncensored Health Videos Visit TV.NaturalNews.com for uncensored videos for a healthier and happier life Vaccine News Real-time Independent Media news on Vaccines GMO News Real-time Independent Media news on GMOs Support NaturalNews Sponsors: Advertise with NaturalNews... Read Archived NaturalNews Stories NaturalNews.com Natural News Toolbar Privacy Policy Terms of Use About Us Contact Us/Feedback Write for Natural News Media Information Advertise Information Follow Us Email Newsletter Facebook Twitter Google Pinterest YouTube Diaspora Seen RSS This site is part of the Natural News Network © 2016 All Rights Reserved. Privacy | Terms All content posted on this site is commentary or opinion and is protected under Free Speech. Truth Publishing International, LTD. is not responsible for content written by contributing authors. The information on this site is provided for educational and entertainment purposes only. It is not intended as a substitute for professional advice of any kind. Truth Publishing assumes no responsibility for the use or misuse of this material. Your use of this website indicates your agreement to these terms and those published here. All trademarks, registered trademarks and servicemarks mentioned on this site are the property of their respective owners. The War on Independent Media Has Begun A coordinated censorship attack is being waged against the entire independent media by Google, YouTube and Facebook. After we were banned by Google for nearly a week, now Facebook is deliberately blocking the sharing of our stories to further censor our important reporting for human freedom and medical choice. Soon, the only way we will be able to reach you is via email, and Google is sometimes blocking our email delivery to gmail users. Enter your email address below to subscribe to our email announcement list (but don't use gmail). Your privacy is protected and you can unsubscribe at any time. If you don't join our email list, you may never see our valuable content again via Facebook, Google or YouTube. CENSORSHIP has now reached EXTREME levels across the 'net. The truth is being suffocated. Subscribe now if you want to escape the delusional bubble of false reality being pushed by Google and Facebook. No thank you. Don't show this again. Already have it and love it! Once you click subscribe, we will send you an email asking you to confirm your free subscription.
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 28 April 2017 by Maciej Heyman Mercaptoacetic Acid Market 2017 Global Analysis, Opportunities and Forecast To 2022   View as PDF  Print View    Mercaptoacetic Acid -Market Demand, Growth, Opportunities and Analysis of Top Key Player Forecast To 2022 Pune , India – April 27, 2017 /MarketersMedia/ — Mercaptoacetic Acid Industry Description Wiseguyreports.Com Adds „Mercaptoacetic Acid -Market Demand, Growth, Opportunities and Analysis of Top Key Player Forecast To 2022” To Its Research Database The Global Mercaptoacetic Acid Sales 2016 Market Research Report is a professional and in-depth study on the current state of the Mercaptoacetic Acid market The report provides a basic overview of the Mercaptoacetic Acid industry including definitions, classifications, applications and industry chain structure. Development policies and plans are discussed as well as manufacturing processes and cost structures are also analyzed. This report also states importexport consumption, supply and demand figures, cost, price, revenue and gross margins. Request for Sample Report @ https://www.wiseguyreports.com/sample-request/1080905-global-mercaptoacetic-acid-sales-2016-market-research-report The report then analyzes the global Mercaptoacetic Acid market size (volume and value), and the sales segment market is also discussed by product type, applications and region. The major Mercaptoacetic Acid market (including North America, Europe, Asia(Ex.China), China etc.) is analyzed, data including market size, import and export, sale segment market by product type and applications. Then we forecast the 2016-2021 market size of Mercaptoacetic Acid. The report focuses on global major leading companies providing information such as company profiles, sales, sales revenue, market share and contact information. Finally the marketing, feasibility of new investment projects are assessed and overall research conclusions offered. With 158 tables and figures the report provides key statistics on the state of the industry and is a valuable source of guidance and direction for companies and individuals interested in the market. Leave a Query @ https://www.wiseguyreports.com/enquiry/1080905-global-mercaptoacetic-acid-sales-2016-market-research-report Table of Contents 1 Industry Overview 1 1.1 Definition and Specifications of Mercaptoacetic Acid 1 1.1.1 Definition of Mercaptoacetic Acid 1 1.1.2 Specifications of Mercaptoacetic Acid 3 1.2 Classification of Mercaptoacetic Acid 6 1.2.1 High Purity Grade 7 1.2.2 Technical Grade 8 1.2.3 Low Purity Grade 8 1.3 Applications of Mercaptoacetic Acid 8 1.3.1 Hair Care and Cosmetic Product 10 1.3.2 Chemical Intermediate 12 1.3.3 Pharmaceuticals 13 1.3.4 Others 15 1.4 Industry Chain Structure of Mercaptoacetic Acid 16 1.5 Industry Overview and Major Regions Status of Mercaptoacetic Acid 16 1.5.1 Industry Overview of Mercaptoacetic Acid 16 1.5.2 Global Major Regions Status of Mercaptoacetic Acid 17 1.6 Industry Policy Analysis of Mercaptoacetic Acid 17 1.7 Industry News Analysis of Mercaptoacetic Acid 19 …. 9 Major Mercaptoacetic Acid Companies Analysis 77 9.1 Arkema 77 9.1.1 Arkema Profile 77 9.1.2 Product Picture and Specification 78 9.1.3 2011-2016 Arkema Mercaptoacetic Acid Sales, Sales Revenue, Sales Price, Gross Margin Analysis 78 9.1.4 Contact Information 79 9.2 Bruno Bock 79 9.2.1 Bruno Bock Profile 79 9.2.2 Product Picture and Specification 81 9.2.3 2011-2016 Bruno Bock Mercaptoacetic Acid Sales, Sales Revenue, Sales Price, Gross Margin Analysis 82 9.2.4 Contact Information 83 9.3 Merck 83 9.3.1 Merck Profile 83 9.3.2 Product Picture and Specification 85 9.3.3 2011-2016 Merck Mercaptoacetic Acid Sales, Sales Revenue, Sales Price, Gross Margin Analysis 86 9.3.4 Contact Information 87 9.4 Sasaki Chemical 87 9.4.1 Sasaki Chemical Profile 87 9.4.2 Product Picture and Specification 88 9.4.3 2011-2016 Sasaki Chemical Mercaptoacetic Acid Sales, Sales Revenue, Sales Price, Gross Margin Analysis 88 9.4.4 Contact Information 89 9.5 Daicel 89 9.5.1 Daicel Profile 89 9.5.2 Product Picture and Specification 90 9.5.3 2011-2016 Daicel Mercaptoacetic Acid Sales, Sales Revenue, Sales Price, Gross Margin Analysis 91 9.5.4 Contact Information 92 9.6 Ever Flourish Chemical 92 9.6.1 Ever Flourish Chemical Profile 92 9.6.2 Product Picture and Specification 94 9.6.3 2011-2016 Ever Flourish Chemical Mercaptoacetic Acid Sales, Sales Revenue, Sales Price, Gross Margin Analysis 95 9.6.4 Contact Information 96 9.7 Swan Chemical 96 9.7.1 Swan Chemical Profile 96 9.7.2 Product Picture and Specification 98 9.7.3 2011-2016 Swan Chemical Mercaptoacetic Acid Sales, Sales Revenue, Sales Price, Gross Margin Analysis 98 9.7.4 Contact Information 99 9.8 Ruchang Mining 99 9.8.1 Ruchang Mining Profile 99 9.8.2 Product Picture and Specification 100 9.8.3 2011-2016 Ruchang Mining Mercaptoacetic Acid Sales, Sales Revenue, Sales Price, Gross Margin Analysis 101 9.8.4 Contact Information 102 9.9 QingDao Lnt 102 9.9.1 QingDao Lnt Profile 102 9.9.2 Product Picture and Specification 104 9.9.3 2011-2016 QingDao Lnt Mercaptoacetic Acid Sales, Sales Revenue, Sales Price, Gross Margin Analysis 104 9.9.4 Contact Information 105 9.10 HiMedia Laboratories 105 9.10.1 HiMedia Laboratories Profile 105 9.10.2 Product Picture and Specification 107 9.10.3 2011-2016 HiMedia Laboratories Mercaptoacetic Acid Sales, Sales Revenue, Sales Price, Gross Margin Analysis 107 9.10.4 Contact Information 108 Buy Now @ https://www.wiseguyreports.com/checkout?currency=one_user-USD&report_id=1080905 Continued… Contact Us: Sales@Wiseguyreports.Com Ph: +1-646-845-9349 (Us) Ph: +44 208 133 9349 (Uk) Contact Info: Name: NORAH TRENT Email: sales@wiseguyreports.com Organization: WISE GUY RESEARCH CONSULTANTS PVT LTD Address: Office No. 528, Amanora Chambers Magarpatta Road, Hadapsar Pune – 411028 Phone: +91 841 198 5042 Source URL: http://marketersmedia.com/mercaptoacetic-acid-market-2017-global-analysis-opportunities-and-forecast-to-2022/191494 For more information, please visit https://www.wiseguyreports.com/sample-request/1080905-global-mercaptoacetic-acid-sales-2016-market-research-report Source: MarketersMedia Release ID: 191494 Recent Press Releases By The Same User EarLabs Launches Successful Kickstarter Campaign For dBud (Fri 28th Apr 17) Milwaukee Landscape Supply Store, Gateway Landscape Supply, Publishes New Report Forecasting The New Landscaping Trends For 2017 (Fri 28th Apr 17) Finance Cloud Market Size, Investment Feasibility and Industry Growth Rate Forecast 2017 – 2021 (Fri 28th Apr 17) Global Strawberry Jam Market 2017 Share,Supply and Consumption Analysis Research Report Forecast to 2022 (Fri 28th Apr 17) United States Pharmaceutical Market 2017 Share,Trend,Segmentation and Forecast to 2022 (Fri 28th Apr 17) Stock PLR Firesale – A New Private Collection Of Over 5,000 Premium Images Available With 100% Copyright Free (Fri 28th Apr 17) CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Bunker Oil Market 2017 Global Analysis, Opportunities and Forecast To 2022 Next PostNext Global Digital Potentiometer IC 2021 Market Analysis and Forecasts New Research Report Search Recent Posts HH Sheikh Maktoum bin Mohammed bin Rashid Al Maktoum Honore 10 Lauréats de 8 Pays au Prix Mondial de l’Eau lancé par Mohammed bin Rashid Al Maktoum HH Sheikh Maktoum bin Mohammed bin Rashid Al Maktoum Honore 10 Lauréats de 8 Pays au Prix Mondial de l’Eau lancé par Mohammed bin Rashid Al Maktoum Xiaomi Mi Pad 3 new Xiaomi tablet Arrive Gearbest Oxford Investment Group Invests in Katherine Cosmetics Michelle Obama Wears „Lafayette 148 New York Dress” in First Public Appearance Post-White House Proudly powered by WordPress
Enter your search terms Submit search form       Home | About Us | Sample Press Release   Press Release Articles | Press Releases and SEO | Press Release Book     Mercaptoacetic Acid Market 2017 Global Analysis, Opportunities and Forecast To 2022   View as PDF  Print View    Mercaptoacetic Acid -Market Demand, Growth, Opportunities and Analysis of Top Key Player Forecast To 2022 Pune , India - April 27, 2017 /MarketersMedia/ -- Mercaptoacetic Acid Industry Description Wiseguyreports.Com Adds "Mercaptoacetic Acid -Market Demand, Growth, Opportunities and Analysis of Top Key Player Forecast To 2022" To Its Research Database The Global Mercaptoacetic Acid Sales 2016 Market Research Report is a professional and in-depth study on the current state of the Mercaptoacetic Acid market The report provides a basic overview of the Mercaptoacetic Acid industry including definitions, classifications, applications and industry chain structure. Development policies and plans are discussed as well as manufacturing processes and cost structures are also analyzed. This report also states importexport consumption, supply and demand figures, cost, price, revenue and gross margins. Request for Sample Report @ https://www.wiseguyreports.com/sample-request/1080905-global-mercaptoacetic-acid-sales-2016-market-research-report The report then analyzes the global Mercaptoacetic Acid market size (volume and value), and the sales segment market is also discussed by product type, applications and region. The major Mercaptoacetic Acid market (including North America, Europe, Asia(Ex.China), China etc.) is analyzed, data including market size, import and export, sale segment market by product type and applications. Then we forecast the 2016-2021 market size of Mercaptoacetic Acid. The report focuses on global major leading companies providing information such as company profiles, sales, sales revenue, market share and contact information. Finally the marketing, feasibility of new investment projects are assessed and overall research conclusions offered. With 158 tables and figures the report provides key statistics on the state of the industry and is a valuable source of guidance and direction for companies and individuals interested in the market. Leave a Query @ https://www.wiseguyreports.com/enquiry/1080905-global-mercaptoacetic-acid-sales-2016-market-research-report Table of Contents 1 Industry Overview 1 1.1 Definition and Specifications of Mercaptoacetic Acid 1 1.1.1 Definition of Mercaptoacetic Acid 1 1.1.2 Specifications of Mercaptoacetic Acid 3 1.2 Classification of Mercaptoacetic Acid 6 1.2.1 High Purity Grade 7 1.2.2 Technical Grade 8 1.2.3 Low Purity Grade 8 1.3 Applications of Mercaptoacetic Acid 8 1.3.1 Hair Care and Cosmetic Product 10 1.3.2 Chemical Intermediate 12 1.3.3 Pharmaceuticals 13 1.3.4 Others 15 1.4 Industry Chain Structure of Mercaptoacetic Acid 16 1.5 Industry Overview and Major Regions Status of Mercaptoacetic Acid 16 1.5.1 Industry Overview of Mercaptoacetic Acid 16 1.5.2 Global Major Regions Status of Mercaptoacetic Acid 17 1.6 Industry Policy Analysis of Mercaptoacetic Acid 17 1.7 Industry News Analysis of Mercaptoacetic Acid 19 .... 9 Major Mercaptoacetic Acid Companies Analysis 77 9.1 Arkema 77 9.1.1 Arkema Profile 77 9.1.2 Product Picture and Specification 78 9.1.3 2011-2016 Arkema Mercaptoacetic Acid Sales, Sales Revenue, Sales Price, Gross Margin Analysis 78 9.1.4 Contact Information 79 9.2 Bruno Bock 79 9.2.1 Bruno Bock Profile 79 9.2.2 Product Picture and Specification 81 9.2.3 2011-2016 Bruno Bock Mercaptoacetic Acid Sales, Sales Revenue, Sales Price, Gross Margin Analysis 82 9.2.4 Contact Information 83 9.3 Merck 83 9.3.1 Merck Profile 83 9.3.2 Product Picture and Specification 85 9.3.3 2011-2016 Merck Mercaptoacetic Acid Sales, Sales Revenue, Sales Price, Gross Margin Analysis 86 9.3.4 Contact Information 87 9.4 Sasaki Chemical 87 9.4.1 Sasaki Chemical Profile 87 9.4.2 Product Picture and Specification 88 9.4.3 2011-2016 Sasaki Chemical Mercaptoacetic Acid Sales, Sales Revenue, Sales Price, Gross Margin Analysis 88 9.4.4 Contact Information 89 9.5 Daicel 89 9.5.1 Daicel Profile 89 9.5.2 Product Picture and Specification 90 9.5.3 2011-2016 Daicel Mercaptoacetic Acid Sales, Sales Revenue, Sales Price, Gross Margin Analysis 91 9.5.4 Contact Information 92 9.6 Ever Flourish Chemical 92 9.6.1 Ever Flourish Chemical Profile 92 9.6.2 Product Picture and Specification 94 9.6.3 2011-2016 Ever Flourish Chemical Mercaptoacetic Acid Sales, Sales Revenue, Sales Price, Gross Margin Analysis 95 9.6.4 Contact Information 96 9.7 Swan Chemical 96 9.7.1 Swan Chemical Profile 96 9.7.2 Product Picture and Specification 98 9.7.3 2011-2016 Swan Chemical Mercaptoacetic Acid Sales, Sales Revenue, Sales Price, Gross Margin Analysis 98 9.7.4 Contact Information 99 9.8 Ruchang Mining 99 9.8.1 Ruchang Mining Profile 99 9.8.2 Product Picture and Specification 100 9.8.3 2011-2016 Ruchang Mining Mercaptoacetic Acid Sales, Sales Revenue, Sales Price, Gross Margin Analysis 101 9.8.4 Contact Information 102 9.9 QingDao Lnt 102 9.9.1 QingDao Lnt Profile 102 9.9.2 Product Picture and Specification 104 9.9.3 2011-2016 QingDao Lnt Mercaptoacetic Acid Sales, Sales Revenue, Sales Price, Gross Margin Analysis 104 9.9.4 Contact Information 105 9.10 HiMedia Laboratories 105 9.10.1 HiMedia Laboratories Profile 105 9.10.2 Product Picture and Specification 107 9.10.3 2011-2016 HiMedia Laboratories Mercaptoacetic Acid Sales, Sales Revenue, Sales Price, Gross Margin Analysis 107 9.10.4 Contact Information 108 Buy Now @ https://www.wiseguyreports.com/checkout?currency=one_user-USD&report_id=1080905 Continued... Contact Us: Sales@Wiseguyreports.Com Ph: +1-646-845-9349 (Us) Ph: +44 208 133 9349 (Uk) Contact Info: Name: NORAH TRENT Email: sales@wiseguyreports.com Organization: WISE GUY RESEARCH CONSULTANTS PVT LTD Address: Office No. 528, Amanora Chambers Magarpatta Road, Hadapsar Pune - 411028 Phone: +91 841 198 5042 Source URL: http://marketersmedia.com/mercaptoacetic-acid-market-2017-global-analysis-opportunities-and-forecast-to-2022/191494 For more information, please visit https://www.wiseguyreports.com/sample-request/1080905-global-mercaptoacetic-acid-sales-2016-market-research-report Source: MarketersMedia Release ID: 191494 Recent Press Releases By The Same User Global Vaginal Pessary Industry Forecast to 2021 with Key Companies Profile, Supply, Demand, Cost Structure, and SWOT Analysis (Sat 29th Apr 17) Philadelphia Auto Body Repair European Craftsmanship 24/7 Towing Site Launched (Sat 29th Apr 17) Global Trehalose Industry Forecast to 2021 with Key Companies Profile, Supply, Demand, Cost Structure, and SWOT Analysis (Sat 29th Apr 17) Global Optocouplers Industry Forecast to 2021 with Key Companies Profile, Supply, Demand, Cost Structure, and SWOT Analysis (Sat 29th Apr 17) Global Dyes Industry Forecast to 2021 with Key Companies Profile, Supply, Demand, Cost Structure, and SWOT Analysis (Sat 29th Apr 17) Advertising Agency Founder Wins Leadership Award (Sat 29th Apr 17) Sign in here Username: Password: Register here. Forgotten password? Press releases by industry Advertising Aerospace and Defense Architecture Arts and Entertainment Audio and Video Automotive Baseball Basketball Beauty Beverages Business Chemicals Christianity Communication Computers Consumer Crops eCommerce Economy Education Employment Energy Environment Events and Trade Shows Fashion Finance Food Football Forestry Golf Government Hardware Healthcare Holidays Human Resources Immigration Services Information Technology Insurance Internet Investment Services Legal Leisure Lifestyle Linux and Open Source Maritime Media Non-Profit Photography Plumbing and Heating Politics Public Relations Railroads Real Estate Religion and Faith Restaurants Retail Science Society Software Sports Technology Television Toys Trade Transportation Travel and Tourism Trucking Volunteer Waste Management Water [ Vist our sister sites: Linux news | Bible Study Tool ] Site design and layout copyright 2005-2015 Free Press Release Center
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 29 April 2017 by Maciej Heyman Global Anti Obesity Drugs Sales Market 2016 – Market Size, Shares, Survey, Analysis and Forecast Albany, NY — (SBWIRE) — 04/28/2017 — This report studies sales (consumption) of Anti Obesity Drugs in Global market, especially in United States, China, Europe, Japan, focuses on top players in these regions/countries, with sales, price, revenue and market share for each player in these regions, covering – Pfizer – Merck – Roche – GlaxoSmithKline – AstraZeneca – Boehringer Ingelheim – Novo Nordisk – Eisai – Norgine – Arena Pharmaceuticals – Orexigen Therapeutics – Vivus – Alizyme – Rhythm Pharmaceuticals – Shionogi – Zafgan Get a Sample Research PDF with TOC: http://www.researchmoz.us/enquiry.php?type=S&repid=876592 Market Segment by Regions, this report splits Global into several key Regions, with sales (consumption), revenue, market share and growth rate of Anti Obesity Drugs in these regions, from 2011 to 2021 (forecast), like – United States – China – Europe – Japan Table of Contents: 2 Global Anti Obesity Drugs Competition by Manufacturers, Type and Application 2.1 Global Anti Obesity Drugs Market Competition by Manufacturers 2.1.1 Global Anti Obesity Drugs Sales and Market Share of Key Manufacturers (2011-2016) 2.1.2 Global Anti Obesity Drugs Revenue and Share by Manufacturers (2011-2016) 2.2 Global Anti Obesity Drugs (Volume and Value) by Type 2.2.1 Global Anti Obesity Drugs Sales and Market Share by Type (2011-2016) 2.2.2 Global Anti Obesity Drugs Revenue and Market Share by Type (2011-2016) 2.3 Global Anti Obesity Drugs (Volume and Value) by Regions 2.3.1 Global Anti Obesity Drugs Sales and Market Share by Regions (2011-2016) 2.3.2 Global Anti Obesity Drugs Revenue and Market Share by Regions (2011-2016) 2.4 Global Anti Obesity Drugs (Volume) by Application 3 United States Anti Obesity Drugs (Volume, Value and Sales Price) 3.1 United States Anti Obesity Drugs Sales and Value (2011-2016) 3.1.1 United States Anti Obesity Drugs Sales and Growth Rate (2011-2016) 3.1.2 United States Anti Obesity Drugs Revenue and Growth Rate (2011-2016) 3.1.3 United States Anti Obesity Drugs Sales Price Trend (2011-2016) 3.2 United States Anti Obesity Drugs Sales and Market Share by Manufacturers 3.3 United States Anti Obesity Drugs Sales and Market Share by Type 3.4 United States Anti Obesity Drugs Sales and Market Share by Application Enquiry at: http://www.researchmoz.us/enquiry.php?type=E&repid=876592 4 China Anti Obesity Drugs (Volume, Value and Sales Price) 4.1 China Anti Obesity Drugs Sales and Value (2011-2016) 4.1.1 China Anti Obesity Drugs Sales and Growth Rate (2011-2016) 4.1.2 China Anti Obesity Drugs Revenue and Growth Rate (2011-2016) 4.1.3 China Anti Obesity Drugs Sales Price Trend (2011-2016) 4.2 China Anti Obesity Drugs Sales and Market Share by Manufacturers 4.3 China Anti Obesity Drugs Sales and Market Share by Type 4.4 China Anti Obesity Drugs Sales and Market Share by Application Browse more details at: http://www.researchmoz.us/global-anti-obesity-drugs-sales-market-report-2016-report.html About ResearchMoz ResearchMoz is the world’s fastest growing collection of market research reports worldwide. Our database is composed of current market studies from over 100 featured publishers worldwide. Our market research databases integrate statistics with analysis from global, regional, country and company perspectives. ResearchMoz’s service portfolio also includes value-added services such as market research customization, competitive landscaping, and in-depth surveys, delivered by a team of experienced Research Coordinators. Contact Us: Mr. Nachiket Albany NY – 12207 United States Tel: +1-518-621-2074 Tel: 866-997-4948 (Us-Canada Toll Free) Email: sales@researchmoz.us Follow us on LinkedIn at: http://bit.ly/1TBmnVG CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Global RV Original Equipment Manufacturer (RV OEM) Market Growth Through 2020 Next PostNext Growing Prevalence of Elderly Care Services Market: Trends and Opportunities (2016-2020) Search Recent Posts PyroGenesis Announces 2016 Results: Revenues Decrease 16%; Gross Margins (before non-cash items) Increase to 41%; EBITDA (Adj.) Improves 33% Year Over Year; Current Backlog $9.9MM Press Releases: Designation Under Russia’s “Undesirables” Law of Open Russia, the Open Russia Civic Movement, and the Institute of Modern Russia Introduction of New Global Recreational Vehicle (RV) Market: With Focus on the United States (2016-2020) Global DevOps Platform Market – Market Size, Status and Forecast 2022 IBM Inventors Patent Invention for Transferring Packages between Aerial Drones Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 29 April 2017 by Maciej Heyman Chemotherapy Induced Nausea and Vomiting (CINV) Market Poised for Strong CAGR of 8.32% Until 2023 Albany, NY — (SBWIRE) — 04/28/2017 — Chemotherapy induced nausea and vomiting are the worst feared side effects for the person dealing with chemotherapy treatment. The growing number of cancer patients, increased use of chemotherapy as a treatment, and more use of chemotherapeutic drugs has anticipated for the growth of CINV market. The market insight is totally analyzed by a new study added in the repository of Market Research Hub (MRH) and titled as „Chemotherapy Induced Nausea and Vomiting Market Insights, Epidemiology and Market Forecast- 2023″. The report has thoroughly analyzed and reveals a forecasted growth of market with a CAGR of 8.32% for the time period until 2023. Request Free Sample Report: http://www.marketresearchhub.com/enquiry.php?type=S&repid=1063534 CINV is a medical condition that makes a patient uncomfortable and has to be dealt properly as many patients delay their chemotherapy cycles or even refuse further treatment due to fear of future nausea and vomiting. Due to these side effects, the patients can’t get the nutrition properly and lose their energy and may become weak which may delay the further chemotherapy cycles as the patient wouldn’t be physically strong to bear the chemotherapy side-effects. To repulse the side effects and for the patients to continue the treatment without any fear, there are many CINV drugs available in the market which are owing to the market growth of CINV, that is projected to grow immensely in coming years also. It has also been analyzed that, several classes of antiemetics have been developed and commercialized, becoming a nearly universal standard in chemotherapy regimens, and helping to better manage these symptoms in a large portion of patients. The report starts with the chemotherapy induced nausea and vomiting market overview, followed by the deep analysis of the global market size of CINV for 2016 and 2023. Further, CINV type, risk factors, pathophysiology of CINV, epidemiology and patient population is evaluated and listed for detailed analysis. In the next section, a summary of anti-emetics prescribing is provided that includes first line anti-emetics, second line anti-emetics and standard anti-emetic regimes for haematology oncology. Further, the marketed drugs are listed which are used for the treatment. Marketed drugs presently available in the market are: Sustol: Heron Therapeutics Sancuso: Kyowa Kirin Inc Aloxi: Helsinn Birex Pharmaceuticals Ltd. Akynzeo: Helsinn Birex Pharmaceuticals Ltd. Emend: Merck Sharp and Dohme Ltd Varubi: Tesaro Inc. Ivemend: Merck Sharp & Dohme Ltd Kytril: Hoffmann-La Roche Syndros: Insys Therapeutics Browse Full Report with TOC – http://www.marketresearchhub.com/report/chemotherapy-induced-nausea-and-vomiting-cinv-market-insights-epidemiology-and-market-forecast-2023-report.html Moreover, the report is completed by providing a complete overview of the disease and global market size of the Chemotherapy Induced Nausea and Vomiting (CINV) in the United States, EU5 (France, Germany, Italy, Spain, UK) and Japan. This research report concludes with the key market drivers, market barriers and unmet needs of the CINV market for precise market understanding which is helpful for the new market participants. Check Other Related Reports – Global Vascular Plethysmographs Industry 2017, Trends and Forecast Report – http://www.marketresearchhub.com/report/global-vascular-plethysmographs-industry-2017-trends-and-forecast-report-report.html Global Artificial Heart Industry 2017, Trends and Forecast Report – http://www.marketresearchhub.com/report/global-artificial-heart-industry-2017-trends-and-forecast-report-report.html About Market Research Hub Market Research Hub (MRH) is a next-generation reseller of research reports and analysis. MRH’s expansive collection of market research reports has been carefully curated to help key personnel and decision makers across industry verticals to clearly visualize their operating environment and take strategic steps. MRH functions as an integrated platform for the following products and services: Objective and sound market forecasts, qualitative and quantitative analysis, incisive insight into defining industry trends, and market share estimates. Our reputation lies in delivering value and world-class capabilities to our clients. Contact Us 90 State Street, Albany, NY 12207, United States Toll Free: 866-997-4948 (US-Canada) Tel: +1-518-621-2074 Email: press@marketresearchhub.com Website: http://www.marketresearchhub.com/ CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Ambulance Market: Global Growth analysis, Market structure, Key Players and Forecast-2021 Next PostNext Global Wearable Adhesive Market Forecasted to Grow at a Notable CAGR of 11.92% During 2017-2021 Search Recent Posts Bladex Files Annual Report on Form 20-F Polybius Project Estimates Over 500,000 Early Adopters as Crowdfunding Campaign Nears American Savings Bank Reports First Quarter 2017 Earnings Global Marine Diesel Engine Market 2017 – Market Research, Shares, Size, Trends, Growth and Forecast Gafisa Files Form 20-F For The Year 2016 And Posts The Document On The Company’s Website Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 29 April 2017 by Amit Pawar Inhalers Market Forecast to 2021 with Key Companies Profile, Supply, Demand, Cost Structure The Inhalers Market report Covers an overview and Forecast analysis of Inhalers market. The Inhalers Industry report provides key market Players, restraints, and opportunities that will outline the dynamics of the Inhalers market. The Inhalers Market report presents the company profile, product specifications, capacity, production value, Contact Information of manufacturer and market shares for each company. Inhalers industry report also provides Industry overview & forecast up to 2021 with the help of Definition, Classification, Applications, Industry Chain Structure and Major Regions Status. Inhalers Market report, it provides Industry situation analysis with the help of Major Countries & Regions Supply Analysis, Capacity, Production, Revenue Analysis, Price Cost and Gross Margin Analysis. Any Query? Ask to our expert @ https://www.360marketupdates.com/enquiry/pre-order-enquiry/10581191  Major Manufacture Analysis of Inhalers Market: GlaxoSmithKline, Merck, AstraZeneca, Boehringer-Ingelheim, 3M. Inhalers Market report covers following Regions: North America, China, Europe, Japan, Other. In 2016, the world economy expanded by just 2.2 per cent, the slowest rate of growth since the Great Recession of 2009. Underpinning the sluggish global economy are the feeble pace of global investment, dwindling world trade growth, flagging productivity growth and high levels of debt. World gross product is forecast to expand by 2.7 per cent in 2017 and 2.9 per cent in 2018, with this modest recovery more an indication of economic stabilization than a signal of a robust and sustained revival of global demand. Manufacture Analysis of Inhalers Market: Competitive analysis, Capacity and Production Comparative analysis by major Manufacture, Revenue comparison analysis by major Manufacture, Price comparison Analysis by major Manufacture, Cost comparative Analysis by major Manufacture, Gross Margin Comparative Analysis by major Manufacture. Get PDF sample of this report @ https://www.360marketupdates.com/enquiry/request-sample/10581191 Inhalers Market report delivers SWOT and New Project Investment Feasibility Analysis with Project Name, Investment Budget, Project Product Solutions and Project Schedule. Inhalers Market describe in-depth information about Industry chain structure Analysis, Upstream raw material analysis, Downstream consumer market analysis, Manufacturing Cost Structure & Process Analysis and Other Costs Analysis of Inhalers industry. In Other word, the Inhalers Market report provides key statistics on the market status of the Manufacturers and is a valuable source of guidance and direction for companies and individuals interested in the market. CategoriesGoogle News, satPRnews TagsHealthcare, Inhalers, Inhalers Industry, Inhalers Industry Growth, Inhalers Industry Trend, Inhalers Market, Inhalers Market Analysis, Inhalers Market Forecast, Inhalers Market Growth, Inhalers Market Trend Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Press release on the meeting of Deputy Foreign Minister Mikhail Bogdanov and the appointed Ambassador of the Republic of Zambia in Moscow, Shadrick Luwita Next PostNext Azure Midstream Partners, LP (AZURQ: OTC Pink Current) | Azure Completes Sale Of Its Natural Gas Gathering System Search Recent Posts CORRECTION: Night Signal Work Planned In Maryville Next Week Drivers may wish to use an alternate route Global Activated Carbon Market 2017-2021 is anticipated to Increase at a Significant CAGR of 11.04%- Drivers, Challenges, Trends, Shares International Organic and Natural Feminine Care Market 2017 CAGR 7.09% up to 2021: Attention on (Revenue, Industry Challenges, Geography, Companies, Forecast) Cinacalcet Sales, Price Analysis, & Sales Forecast – 2017 — Research and Markets Americas Automotive HVAC System Market 2021: Focus on (Companies, Opportunities, Challenges, Drivers, Growth, Countries, Revenue, & Forecast) Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 28 April 2017 by mangesh kanase Enzyme Inhibitor Market Growth Opportunities, Sales, Revenue, Consumptions, Industry Analysis and Forecasts 2022 Enzyme Inhibitor Market is expected to witness growth of international market with respect to advancements and innovations including development history, competitive analysis and regional development forecast. The report starts with a basic Enzyme Inhibitor market overview. In this introductory section, the research report incorporates analysis of definitions, classifications, applications and industry chain structure. Enzyme Inhibitor Market split by product type, with production, revenue, price, market share and growth rate of each type, can be divided into: Reversible Inhibitor, Irreversible Inhibitor Enzyme Inhibitor Market split by application, report focuses on consumption, market share and growth rate of Enzyme Inhibitor in each application and can be divided into: Pharmaceutical, Agrochemical, Food & Beverage, Others Browse more detail information about Enzyme Inhibitor Market at: http://www.360marketupdates.com/10609420 To begin with, the report elaborates the Enzyme Inhibitor Market overview. Various definitions and classification of the industry, applications of the industry and chain structure are given. Present day status of the Enzyme Inhibitor Market in key regions is stated and industry policies and news are analysed. Following are the key players covered in this Enzyme Inhibitor Market research report: AstraZeneca, Merck, Novartis, Pfizer, Ranbaxy Laboratories, Roche-Genentech, Takeda Pharmaceuticals, Abbott Laboratories, Bayer, Johnson and Johnson And Many Others…… Get a PDF Sample of Enzyme Inhibitor Market Research Report at: http://www.360marketupdates.com/enquiry/request-sample/10609420 After the basic information, the Enzyme Inhibitor Market report sheds light on the production. Production plants, their capacities, global production and revenue are studied. Also, the Enzyme Inhibitor Market growth in various regions and R&D status are also covered. Following are Major Table of Content of Enzyme Inhibitor Industry: Enzyme Inhibitor Market Competition by Manufacturers, Enzyme Inhibitor Production, Revenue (Value) by Region (2017-2022), Enzyme Inhibitor Supply (Production), Consumption, Export, Import by Regions (2017-2022), Enzyme Inhibitor Production, Revenue (Value), Price Trend by Type, Enzyme Inhibitor Market Analysis by Application, Enzyme Inhibitor Manufacturers Profiles/Analysis, Enzyme Inhibitor Manufacturing Cost Analysis, Industrial Chain, Sourcing Strategy and Downstream Buyers Have any query? Ask our expert @ http://www.360marketupdates.com/enquiry/pre-order-enquiry/10609420 Scope of the Enzyme Inhibitor Industry on the basis of region: North America, China, Europe, Southeast Asia, Japan, India Additionally, type wise and application wise consumption figures are also given. With the help of supply and consumption data, gap between these two is also explained. To provide information on competitive landscape, this report includes detailed profiles of Enzyme Inhibitor Market key players. For each player, product details, capacity, price, cost, gross and revenue numbers are given. Their contact information is provided for better understanding. CategoriesGoogle News, satPRnews TagsEnzyme Inhibitor, Enzyme Inhibitor Industry Share, Enzyme Inhibitor Industry Size, Enzyme Inhibitor Market Growth, Enzyme Inhibitor Market Research, Enzyme Inhibitor Market Trends, Healthcare Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Toscana Energy Announces New $36 Million Senior Secured Revolving Credit Facility Next PostNext LTCC Ceramic Substrates Market Overview, Growth Opportunities, Emerging Market Demands, Industry Analysis & Forecast by 2022 Search Recent Posts Ocean Signal Devices Market Analysis, Manufacturing Cost Structure, Growth Opportunities, Market Drivers and Restraints to 2022 Global Run-Flat Tire Industry 2017 Market Trends, Sales, Production, Growth, Demands & Reviews : Bridgestone, Michelin, Pirelli Polyurea Coatings Market to Partake Significant Development During 2017 – 2025 RealPage to Announce First Quarter 2017 Financial Results Benz Mining Corp. Announces Debt Conversion and Granting of Stock Options Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Helping the world invest better since 1993. Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Latest Stock Picks Stocks Premium Services Return S&P Stock Advisor Flagship service 235% 68% Rule Breakers High-growth stocks 103% 56% Income Investor Dividend stocks 46% 42% Hidden Gems Small-cap stocks 61% 53% Inside Value Undervalued stocks 48% 31% Returns as of 4/28/2017 Stock Market News Latest Investing News Gainers & Losers in the Market Today 3 Top Dividend Stocks to Buy Now Dividend Paying Stocks for Beginners Top Growth Stock for 2017 Discover High Growth Stocks 10 Best Stocks Right Now Popular Stocks Apple Stock (AAPL) Facebook Stock (FB) Tesla Stock (TSLA) Netflix Stock (NFLX) Google Stock (GOOG) Amazon Stock (AMZN) GE Stock (GE) Disney Stock (DIS) Twitter Stock (TWTR) Snapchat Stock (SNAP) How to Invest Learn How to Invest How to Invest in Stocks Start Investing with $100 a Month Investing Knowledge Center Learn Options Trading Guide to Index, Mutual & ETF Funds How to Build a Dividend Portfolio Investing for Retirement Track Your Performance Portfolio Tracker Rate & Research Stocks - CAPS Investing Accounts Compare Brokerage Accounts Compare IRA Accounts Retirement Retirement Planning 401Ks | IRAs | Asset Allocation Step by step guide to retirement Your 2017 Guide to Retirement Plans Will Social Security be there for me? Retirement Guide: 20s | 30s | 40s | 50s Save for College or Retirement? $16,122 Social Security Bonus Already Retired Time to Retire, Now What? Living in Retirement in Your 60s Should I Reverse Mortgage My Home? Should I Get a Long Term Care Policy? Your 2017 Guide to Social Security Personal Finance Credit Cards Best Credit Cards of 2017 Best Credit Card Sign-Up Bonuses Best Balance-Transfer Credit Cards Best Travel Credit Cards Best Cash-Back Credit Cards Best No-Annual-Fee Credit Cards Mortgages Compare Mortgage Rates Get Pre-Approved How Much House Can I Afford? 11 Mortgage Essentials Demystified Taxes How to Reduce Your Taxes Deductions Even Pros Overlook Audit-Proof Your Tax Return What Info Should I Keep? Saving & Budgeting Getting Out of Debt Create an Emergency Fund Which Accounts Should I Use? College Savings Community Our Mission: Helping the World Invest — Better Founded in 1993 by brothers Tom and David Gardner, The Motley Fool helps millions of people attain financial freedom through our website, podcasts, books, newspaper column, radio show, and premium investing services. Latest Stock Picks Stocks Stocks Premium Services Return S&P Stock Advisor Flagship service 235% 68% Rule Breakers High-growth stocks 103% 56% Income Investor Dividend stocks 46% 42% Hidden Gems Small-cap stocks 61% 53% Inside Value Undervalued stocks 48% 31% Returns as of 4/28/2017 Stock Market News Latest Investing News Gainers & Losers in the Market Today 3 Top Dividend Stocks to Buy Now Dividend Paying Stocks for Beginners Top Growth Stock for 2017 Discover High Growth Stocks 10 Best Stocks Right Now Popular Stocks Apple Stock (AAPL) Facebook Stock (FB) Tesla Stock (TSLA) Netflix Stock (NFLX) Google Stock (GOOG) Amazon Stock (AMZN) GE Stock (GE) Disney Stock (DIS) Twitter Stock (TWTR) Snapchat Stock (SNAP) How to Invest How to Invest Learn How to Invest How to Invest in Stocks Start Investing with $100 a Month Investing Knowledge Center Learn Options Trading Guide to Index, Mutual & ETF Funds How to Build a Dividend Portfolio Investing for Retirement Track Your Performance Portfolio Tracker Rate & Research Stocks - CAPS Investing Accounts Compare Brokerage Accounts Compare IRA Accounts Retirement Retirement Retirement Planning 401Ks IRAs Asset Allocation Step by step guide to retirement Your 2017 Guide to Retirement Plans Will Social Security be there for me? Retirement Guide: 20s Retirement Guide: 30s Retirement Guide: 40s Retirement Guide: 50s Save for College or Retirement? $16,122 Social Security Bonus Already Retired Time to Retire, Now What? Living in Retirement in Your 60s Should I reverse Mortgage My Home? Should I Get a Long Term Care Policy? Your 2016 Guide to Social Security Personal Finance Personal Finance Credit Cards Best Credit Cards of 2017 Best Credit Card Sign-Up Bonuses Best Balance-Transfer Credit Cards Best Travel Credit Cards Best Cash-Back Credit Cards Best No-Annual-Fee Credit Cards Mortgages Compare Mortgage Rates Get Pre-Approved How Much House Can I Afford? 11 Mortgage Essentials Demystified Taxes How to Reduce Your Taxes Deductions Even Pros Overlook Audit-Proof Your Tax Return What Info Should I Keep? Saving & Budgeting Getting Out of Debt Create an Emergency Fund Which Accounts Should I Use? College Savings Community Community Login Search Search: Despite Worries, Bristol-Myers' Opdivo Keeps Racking Up Sales If you're not buying Bristol-Myers because of last year's Opdivo trial failure, you ought to reconsider. Todd Campbell (TMFEBCapital) Apr 28, 2017 at 3:21PM Shares in Bristol-Myers Squibb (NYSE:BMY) tumbled over worry that Opdivo's sales would slow following a failure in a key cancer drug trial last year. However, Bristol-Myers' first-quarter financial results show that demand for Opdivo remains strong despite the setback, and that could make buying Bristol-Myers shares now a smart investment move. Coming up short Opdivo is a checkpoint inhibitor that stops cancer cells from using the PD-1 protein to evade detection by the immune system. The ability to short-circuit cancer cells' use of PD-1 has proven effective in various patient groups, including in advanced non-small-cell lung cancer (NSCLC) patients who have seen their disease return following chemotherapy. IMAGE SOURCE: GETTY IMAGES. Opdivo's ability to help patients in several indications quickly turned it into a billion-dollar blockbuster drug, generating more than $800 million in sales during the second quarter of 2016 alone. The potential to expand Opdivo's use led many investors to buy Bristol-Myers shares. However, Bristol-Myers reported last August that Opdivo failed to outperform chemotherapy as a front-line option in advanced lung cancer patients, and that cast significant doubt on Opdivo's future. Opdivo's failure in first-line advanced NSCLC was particularly disappointing because competitor Merck & Co. (NYSE:MRK) had reported only a few months prior that a trial of its checkpoint inhibitor Keytruda was effective in this patient group. With Merck set to win approval by the Food and Drug Administration for expanded use in lung cancer patients, and Bristol-Myers' falling short, investors knocked $30 billion in market cap off Bristol-Myers' shares by mid-January. BMY Market Cap data by YCharts. Continuing to climb The outlook for Opdivo sales might not be as bleak as feared. Yes, Keytruda has won FDA approval as a first-line option in advanced NSCLC patients, and that does give it an advantage over Opdivo, but Opdivo's first-quarter sales were encouraging, and Keytruda's advantage in NSCLC may be only temporary. In Q1, Opdivo's sales at $1.1 billion were 60% higher than a year ago, and while sales slipped from $1.3 billion in Q4, that was due mostly to a tough comparison following one-time catch-up payments in France and Germany last quarter.  Opdivo did lose some market share in lung cancer in the quarter, but demand for the drug picked up in kidney cancer, melanoma, head and neck cancer, and bladder cancer, and as a result, U.S. sales grew sequentially  In November, Opdivo became the first drug in its class to win FDA approval in head and neck cancer after showing in trials it can improve overall survival. More recently, the FDA approved Opdivo in February for use in patients with previously treated advanced or metastatic urothelial carcinoma. Ongoing trials evaluating Opdivo plus Yervoy in kidney cancer, hepatocellular carcinoma, and small-cell lung cancer are expected in the next 12 months, and favorable outcomes could help drive future sales growth too. Certainly, Opdivo's performance would have been much better if the first-line NSCLC trial had panned out, and management admits that lung cancer market share will be tough to come by in 2017, especially if Keytruda gets approved for use alongside chemotherapy in NSCLC. Nevertheless, Opdivo could start winning back market share in the indication as early as 2018, if things go its way. The company's got a flurry of ongoing lung cancer trials, including studies evaluating Opdivo in combination with Yervoy, Opdivo in combination with chemotherapy, and Opdivo in combination with other novel cancer drugs, such as IDO inhibitors. It's anyone's guess if those trials pan out, but clearly, Bristol-Myers has a lot of shots on goal in the indication that could help it compete with Keytruda in NSCLC in the future.   Looking forward Regardless of whether Opdivo can eventually win an OK in front-line advanced NSCLC, the drug is likely to continue driving Bristol-Myers' top- and bottom-line growth for the foreseeable future. The company has dozens of ongoing trials across various cancers that should provide a steady stream of label-expansion opportunities. Since Bristol-Myers shares remain well off their peak prices, and the company has plenty of opportunities to continue growing Opdivo, I think now is a good time to be a buyer. Todd Campbell has no position in any stocks mentioned. His clients may have positions in the companies mentioned. The Motley Fool has no position in any of the stocks mentioned. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author Todd Campbell (TMFEBCapital) Todd has been helping buy side portfolio managers as an independent researcher for over a decade. In 2003, Todd founded E.B. Capital Markets, LLC, a research firm providing action oriented ideas to professional investors. Todd has provided insight to a variety of publications, including SmartMoney, Barron's, and CNN/fn. Follow @ebcapital Article Info Apr 28, 2017 at 3:21PM Health Care Stocks Merck & Co. NYSE:MRK $62.33 down $0.25 (-0.40%) Bristol-Myers Squibb NYSE:BMY $56.05 up $0.38 (0.68%) Read More 3 Best Pharmaceutical Stocks for Long-Term Investors 3 Top Cancer Drug Stocks to Buy in 2017 3 Top Big Pharma Stocks to Buy Now Merck Makes Nice With Bristol-Myers Squibb The 4 Best Dividend Stocks in Pharmaceuticals Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Current Despite Worries, Bristol-Myers' Opdivo Keeps Racking Up Sales @themotleyfool #stocks $MRK, $BMY
Home Mail Flickr Tumblr News Sports Finance Celebrity Answers Groups Mobile More Yahoo Search Search Skip to Navigation Skip to Main Content Skip to Related Content 0 News Home Follow Us US World Politics Tech Science Odd News ABC News Yahoo Originals Katie Couric Matt Bai Why Does My Shingles Vaccine Cost So Much? Teresa Carr Consumer Reports April 28, 2017 Reblog Share Tweet Share If you're covered by Medicare, you may feel the pain of a shingles shot more in your wallet than in your arm. That's because the federal program that insures most seniors in the U.S. provides poor coverage for some recommended vaccines, including shingles, and could leave some people paying $200 or more for protection.  Shingles is a viral infection that often causes a painful, blistering rash and, in some cases, leads to lingering nerve pain and, in rare cases, even blindness. The vaccine isn't foolproof, but for people aged 60 and older it reduces the risk of getting shingles by about 51 percent and, if you do get shingles, reduces the nerve pain it causes by close to 70 percent, according to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention. Some Vaccines Covered Better Than Others Unlike the flu and pneumonia vaccines, which are fully covered as preventive services under Medicare Part B, the shingles shot and other recommended vaccinations are covered as prescription drugs under Medicare Part D and Medicare Advantage plans. Some of those plans provide better coverage than others, but nearly all of them divide their formularies, or list of covered drugs, into tiers according to cost. Drugs in Tier 1 and 2, mainly lower-priced generics and “preferred brand-name” drugs, have lower co-pays than more expensive “nonpreferred brands” in Tier 3 or 4.  Consumer Reports found that many Part D plans categorize the shingles vaccine, Zostavax, as an expensive Tier 3 or 4 drug. Only one pharmaceutical company—Merck—makes the shingles shot, and there’s currently no generic version. That means if you haven’t met your annual deductible, you’ll likely wind up paying full price for the shot, which is about $217. But depending on your plan, even after the deductible is met, consumers may have to pay a significant part of the shingles vaccine cost—up to $100. Many healthcare providers haven’t set up billing systems to file claims through prescription drug plans. So if you're vaccinated at your doctor’s office, you might be required to pay the full shingles vaccine cost up front and then file to be reimbursed by your insurance. Other Types of Plans Do Better Other forms of insurance do a far better job covering immunizations. Under provisions of the Affordable Care Act, private plans—such as insurance through your employer or purchased on a state marketplace—are still required to cover recommended vaccinations as preventive medical care, not drugs. That means that as long as you go to a provider in your plan’s network, your insurance will pay for preventive care without a co-pay, even if you haven’t met your deductible. “It’s really a shame that older Americans, who are most at risk of contracting shingles and most vulnerable to the potentially serious effects of the disease, often have to pay more than others for the vaccine,” says Consumer Reports’ medical director, Orly Avitzur, M.D. If you’re currently covered by a private health plan but anticipate going on Medicare in the next five years or so, one cost-saving strategy is to talk to your doctor about updating all your vaccinations now while your insurance provides good coverage, Avitzur says. The shingles shot is recommended for nearly all adults aged 60 and older. Don't Overpay: Advice for Medicare Patients Three out of four Americans eligible for the shingles vaccination still haven’t gotten it, according to the CDC. Not surprisingly, a 2015 report from the National Vaccine Program found that one of the main reasons adults skip recommended vaccines is the cost. If you’ve been putting off getting your shingles shot because you were quoted a high price, check your Part D plan. You may be able to get it for less. “Confusion about insurance coverage for the vaccine can sometimes result in patients paying more than they should,” Avitzur says.  “Don’t delay, as the consequences of shingles can be devastating,” advises Avitzur, a neurologist who has seen firsthand the painful effects of lingering nerve damage. Your best bet may be to get the shot at a pharmacy in your drug plan’s network. You’ll still need to get a prescription from your doctor, but the pharmacy will bill your insurance company and you’ll pay the lowest out-of-pocket costs available under your plan. If you would like to get vaccinated at your doctor’s office, ask up front about the cost. Does your doctor charge more to administer the shot than your plan allows? If so, you’ll be on the hook for the difference. Also see whether the office will bill your Part D or Medicare Advantage plan directly or work with a pharmacy in your network to handle the billing. And last, if you don’t have health insurance or you're experiencing medical or financial hardship, you might qualify for Merck’s Vaccine Patient Assistance Program, which provides free vaccinations to those who are eligible. For details, go to merckhelps.com. More from Consumer Reports: Top pick tires for 2016 Best used cars for $25,000 and less 7 best mattresses for couples Consumer Reports has no relationship with any advertisers on this website. Copyright © 2006-2017 Consumer Reports, Inc. Reblog Share Tweet Share Popular in the Community Friends hail woman, 86, killed trying to stop attack as hero 1193 reactions5%67%28% Trump speaks at NRA meeting and more: April 28 in photos 121 reactions6%74%20% Parents speak out about backlash over YouTube prank videos: 'We were going for shock value' 1553 reactions5%56%39% Ex-Football Player Allegedly Murders Woman, 86, in Sexually Motivated Attack at High School Track 1171 reactions4%65%31% 1992 ‘Rodney King riots' – A look back at L.A. in flames 676 reactions5%69%26% Ellen DeGeneres reflects on 'coming out' episode 20 years later 100 Days of Trump = 100 Days of Late Night Jokes 1 reactions Mystery of Antarctica’s ‘Blood Falls’ is solved after 100 years 115 reactions5%77%18% Britney Spears standing on her BF’s shoulders in a pool is the most impressive thing we’ve seen all week 298 reactions10%71%19% A Body Language Expert Says THIS Is the Man Kim Kardashian Should Be With 60 reactions11%63%26% Trump hosts Argentina’s president, Mauricio Macri, and more: April 27 in photos 42 reactions13%57%30% How Kentucky voters feel about Trump's health care battle now 2 reactions 100 Days in, Trump Misses His Old Life 5 reactions0%33%67% First-time dad uses amazing trick to calm his crying newborn daughter 81 reactions15%71%14% Another HGTV Scandal: ‘Fixer Upper’ Star Sued by Former Business Partners 1214 reactions6%66%28% Fyre music festival in Bahamas billed as luxe is 'postponed' after 'total disorganization and chaos' 459 reactions6%71%23% South Korea hits back at Trump for demanding $1bn for Thaad missile deployment Hank: Dear Mr. Trump, stop blaming the Democrats as you are the boss now. Why are you trying to charge our ally in South Korean who keeps things in check. I would be giving them free weaponry. Please let the things swirl around in your head before you say them. Look at Israel for example. Surrounded on all sides by this and that. We should be giving them stuff for FREE. Think about it this way.... it may be lost on you. What part of strategy don't you understand? Join the Conversation 1 / 5 2.1k
Sports Listen Menu Pay & Benefits Workforce Tech Management Acquisition Defense Congress Causey Pay & Benefits News Pay Benefits Retirement TSP Shows Your Turn For Your Benefit Federal Insights Workforce News OPM Cyber Breach OPM Hiring/Retention SES Facilities/Construction Workforce Rights/Governance Unions News Facilities/Construction Workforce Rights/Governance Unions Shows FEDtalk Fed Access Tech News Cybersecurity Cloud Computing Mobility Big Data Open Data/Transparency Digital Government News Big Data Open Data/Transparency Digital Government Shows Ask the CIO Federal Executive Forum Federal Tech Talk Federal Insights Management News OMB Budget Sequestration Agency Oversight SES People News Agency Oversight SES People Shows Agency of the Month Business of Government Hour Federal Insights Women of Washington Acquisition News Contracts/Awards Acquisition Policy Industry/Associations Shows Amtower Off-Center Off the Shelf Ready To Prime What’s Working in Washington Defense News Army Air Force Navy Marine Corps DISA Other DoD Agencies Defense Industry News DISA Other DoD Agencies Defense Industry Shows On DoD Pentagon Solutions Federal Insights Congress News Legislation Hearings/Oversight Budget Sequestration Causey News Federal Report Causey Awards Shows Your Turn Trending: Will Congress avoid shutdown?•Hurd: IT modernization 2.0•Future of gov't contracting Headlines Get Email Alerts Government News Home » The Associated Press » Government News » Business events scheduled for… Business events scheduled for the coming month By The Associated Press April 28, 2017 12:21 pm 3 min read Share Business events and economic reports scheduled for the coming month: All times are Eastern. MONDAY, May 1 WASHINGTON —Commerce Department releases personal income and spending for March, 8:30 a.m.; Institute for Supply Management releases its manufacturing index for April, 10 a.m.; Commerce Department releases construction spending for March, 10 a.m. Sign up for the online chat with Air Force Deputy CIO Bill Marion II on May 9, at 10 a.m. (EDT). Advertisement TUESDAY, May 2 WASHINGTON —Federal Reserve policymakers begin two-day meeting on interest rates. DETROIT — Automakers release vehicle sales data for April. Aetna Inc. reports quarterly financial results before the market opens. Merck & Co. reports quarterly financial results before the market opens. Altria Group Inc. reports quarterly financial results before the market opens. What it would take to create real hiring reform Pfizer Inc. reports quarterly financial results before the market opens. CVS Health Corp. reports quarterly financial results before the market opens. Freddie Mac reports quarterly financial results before the market opens. Apple Inc. reports quarterly financial results after the market closes. WEDNESDAY, May 3 WASHINGTON — Institute for Supply Management releases its service sector index for April, 10 a.m.; Federal Reserve policymakers meet to set interest rates, release statement at 2 p.m. Yum Brands reports quarterly financial results before the market opens. Tesla Inc. reports quarterly financial results after the market closes. Facebook Inc. reports quarterly financial results after the market closes. THURSDAY, May 4 WASHINGTON — Labor Department releases weekly jobless claims, 8:30 a.m.; Commerce Department releases international trade data for March, 8:30 a.m.; Freddie Mac, the mortgage company, releases weekly mortgage rates, 10 a.m.; Commerce Department releases factory orders for March, 10 a.m. FRIDAY, May 5 WASHINGTON — Labor Department releases employment data for April, 8:30 a.m.; Federal Reserve releases consumer credit data for March, 3 p.m. Fannie Mae reports quarterly financial results before the market opens. TUESDAY, MAY 9 WASHINGTON — Commerce Department releases wholesale trade inventories for March, 10 a.m.; Labor Department releases job openings and labor turnover survey for March, 10 a.m. WEDNESDAY, May 10 WASHINGTON —Treasury releases federal budget for April, 2 p.m. THURSDAY, May 11 WASHINGTON — Labor Department releases weekly jobless claims, 8:30 a.m.; Labor Department releases the Producer Price Index for April, 8:30 a.m.; Freddie Mac, the mortgage company, releases weekly mortgage rates, 10 a.m. FRIDAY, May 12 WASHINGTON — Commerce Department releases retail sales data for April, 8:30 a.m.; Labor Department releases Consumer Price Index for April, 8:30 a.m.; Commerce Department releases business inventories for March, 10 a.m. BERLIN — Federal Statistical Office releases first-quarter growth figure for the German economy, Europe’s biggest. MONDAY, May 15 WASHINGTON —National Association of Home Builders releases housing market index for May, 10 a.m.; Treasury releases international money flows data for March, 4 p.m. TUESDAY, May 16 WASHINGTON —Commerce Department releases housing starts for April, 8:30 a.m.; Federal Reserve releases industrial production for April, 9:15 a.m. THURSDAY, May 18 WASHINGTON — Labor Department releases weekly jobless claims, 8:30 a.m.; Freddie Mac, the mortgage company, releases weekly mortgage rates, 10 a.m. FRIDAY, May 19 BAD NEUENAHR, Germany — Labor ministers of the Group of 20 world powers conclude a two-day meeting. WASHINGTON — Commerce Department releases new home sales for April, 10 a.m. BERLIN — Germany’s Ifo institute releases its monthly business confidence index, a key indicator for Europe’s biggest economy. WEDNESDAY, May 24 WASHINGTON — National Association of Realtors releases existing home sales for April, 10 a.m.; Federal Reserve releases minutes from April interest-rate meeting. THURSDAY, May 25 WASHINGTON — Labor Department releases weekly jobless claims, 8:30 a.m.; Freddie Mac, the mortgage company, releases weekly mortgage rates, 10 a.m. FRIDAY, May 26 WASHINGTON —Commerce Department releases durable goods for April, 8:30 a.m.; Commerce Department releases first-quarter gross domestic product, 8:30 a.m. MONDAY, May 29 U.S. stock and bond market is closed for Memorial Day. TUESDAY, May 30 WASHINGTON — Commerce Department releases personal income and spending for April, 8:30 a.m.; Standard & Poor’s releases S&P/Case-Shiller index of home prices for March and the first quarter, 9 a.m.; The Conference Board releases the Consumer Confidence Index for May, 10 a.m. WEDNESDAY, May 31 WASHINGTON — National Association of Realtors releases pending home sales index for April, 10 a.m. Related Topics All News Business News Government News Leave A Comment Home » The Associated Press » Government News » Business events scheduled for… Partners FEDERAL INSIGHTS The Associated Press Government News U.S. News Business News World News Technology News Entertainment News Sports News Today in History 1994: Ex-CIA officer pleads guilty to Soviet espionage Fed Photo of the Day Children meet Milkshake, Thermy and Woodsy Owl at USDA Top Stories Air Force makes big personnel changes to widen talent pool Top Story Congress settles for stopgap to avoid government shutdown Government Shutdown Trump announces slew of deputy secretary nominations First 100 Days Lawmakers frustrated with Trump’s lack of DoD nominees Congress Same obstacles plague small and large agencies in setting up insider threat programs Management THRIFT SAVINGS PLAN TICKER Apr 28, 2017 Close Change YTD L Income 18.8220 -0.0062 1.73% L 2020 25.3812 -0.0228 2.91% L 2030 28.2419 -0.0452 4.13% L 2040 30.3913 -0.0600 4.73% L 2050 17.4180 -0.0408 5.28% G Fund 15.3061 0.0030 0.59% F Fund 17.7530 0.0153 0.93% C Fund 33.0838 -0.0632 6.07% S Fund 43.3637 -0.4095 4.57% I Fund 27.1018 -0.0232 7.35% Closing price updated at approx 6pm EST. each business day. More at tsp.gov. Email Alerts RSS Feeds News Team Careers Contact Us About Us WTOP Federal Insights Hubbard Radio Podcast DC Advertise Events, Partnerships, Conferences Press Releases Media Kit Radio Shows Sports Copyright © 2017 by Federal News Radio. All rights reserved. Terms of Use Copyright/Usage Policy DMCA Notice Privacy Policy Comment Policy EEO Report FCC Online Public Inspection File
About Us Contact Us Help user name password Client login:    First time user sign up Forgot your login info? Website Directory     Submit Website Search All categoriesAdvertising  GeneralAerospace  GeneralAgriculture  GeneralAirlines  GeneralAmerica - Post 9/11  GeneralApparel  GeneralApple Products  GeneralArchitectural  GeneralArchitecture  ArchitectureArt & Entertainments  Books  Celebrities  Country Music  Dance  Magazines  Movies  Museums  Music  Music Downloads  News & Talk Shows  Performing Arts  Photography  Television  Web SitesArts/Culture  GeneralAuction  GeneralAutomotive  Aftermarket  Classic Autos  Consumer Publications  General  Motorcycle & Bike  Racing  Recreational Vehicle  Repair & Service  Trade PublicationsBlogging & Social Media  Blogging & Social MediaBusiness  Advertising / Marketing  Books  Consumer Research  Direct Marketing  e-Commerce  Entrepreneurs  Finance  Franchise  Human Resources  Insurance  Investment  Management  Markets  Network Marketing  Online Marketing / SEO  Payday Loans  Public Relations  Publications  Real Estate  Retail  Stocks  Supermarkets  Women in BusinessCareers/HR  GeneralChemical  GeneralCoaching / Mentoring  Coaching / MentoringComputers  Apple Products  Databases  Games & Entertainment  General  Hosting  Instruction  Linux / GNU "Open Source"  Macintosh  Microsoft Windows PC  Operating Systems  Programming  Security  Software  Tablet PCs  UtilitiesConstruction  GeneralConsumer  Gifts and Collectibles  Hobbies  Web sites / InternetDesign  Graphic Design  Industrial  WebE-Cigarette  GeneraleCommerce  GeneralEconomy  GeneralEducation  College / University  General  Home Schooling  K-12  Post Graduate  TechnicalElectronics  GeneralEmail Marketing  GeneralEmailWire Press Releases  Press Release TipsEmployment/Careers  GeneralEngineering  GeneralEntertainment  GeneralEnvironment  GeneralEvents / Trade Shows  GeneralFinance  GeneralFood  GeneralFranchise  GeneralFraud / Identity Theft  GeneralGaming  GeneralGovernment  General  Judicial  Law Enforcement  Legislative  Local  National  Public Services  Security  State  TransportationHealthcare  GeneralHome and Family  Banking / Personal Finance  Bereavement / Loss  Home Furnishings / Interiors  Landscaping & Gardening  Marriage / Relationships  Money  Parenting  Payday Loans  Pets  Taxes  Wedding / BridalHome Schooling  GeneralHotels/Resorts  GeneralHousehold  GeneralIndustry  Aerospace / Defense  Agriculture  Apparel / Textiles  Broadcast  Construction / Building  Electrical  Food  Funeral  Healthcare  Leisure / Hospitality  Logistics / Shipping  Manufacturing / Production  Mining / Metals  Oil / Energy  Paper / Forest Products  Plumbing, Heating & AC  Print Media  Printing  Publishing  Radio  Restaurants  Tobacco  ToyInsurance  GeneralInternet/Online  GeneralLegal  GeneralLeisure  GeneralLifestyle  Beauty  Dating / Singles  Diet / Weight Loss  Fashion  Food / Beverage  Health & Fitness  Hotel / Resorts  Pastimes  Restaurants  Retirement  Travel & TourismMachinery  GeneralMaritime  GeneralMedical  Addiction  Allergies  Alternative Medicine  Asthma  Cancer  Cardiology  Chiropractic  Dental  Dermatology  Diabetes  Emergency  Family Medicine  General  General  Geriatrics  Hospitals  Infectious Diseases  Internal Medicine  Managed Care / HMO  Medical Products  Mental Health  Neurology  Nursing  Nutrition  OB / GYN  Pediatrics  Pharmaceuticals  Physical Therapy  Plastic Surgery  Psychology  Radiology / Imaging  Research  Sports Medicine  Surgery  VisionMilitary  GeneralMining/Metals  GeneralMiscellaneous  GeneralNanotechnology  NanotechnologyNon-profit  GeneralOccupational Safety  Occupational SafetyOil/Energy  GeneralOpinion / Editorial  Opinion / EditorialPaper Products  GeneralPaper/Forest  GeneralPharmaceuticals  GeneralPodcasting  Announce  Tools and ServicesPolitics  PoliticsPrint Media  GeneralPublic Utilities  Public UtilitiesPublishing  GeneralRadio  GeneralReal Estate  GeneralReligion  Christian  General  Islam  Jewish  OtherRestaurants  GeneralRetail  GeneralRSS & Content Syndication  RSS & Content SyndicationScience and Research  Science and ResearchSelf-Help / Personal Growth  Self-Help / Personal GrowthShipbuilding  GeneralSociety  African American Interests  Asian Interests  Childrens Issues  Disabled Issues / Disabilities  Gay / Lesbian  Hispanic  Mens Interests  Native American  Senior Citizens  Social Services  Teen Issues/Interests  Womens InterestSoftware  GeneralSports  Baseball  Basketball  Bicycling  Boating / Maritime  Bowling  Boxing  Fishing  Football  Golf  Hockey  Hunting  Martial Arts  Outdoors  Rugby  Soccer  Tennis  Water  Winter/SnowSports/Fitness  GeneralStocks  GeneralSupermarkets  GeneralTechnology  Biotechnology  Computer  Electronics  Enterprise Software  Games  Graphics/Printing/CAD  Hardware / Peripherals  Industrial  Information  Internet  Multimedia  Networking  Public Sector/Government  Robotics  Semiconductor  Software  Telecommunications  WebmastersTelecom  General  WirelessTelevision  GeneralTobacco  GeneralTrade  GeneralTransportation  GeneralTravel  GeneralUtilities  GeneralVolunteer  VolunteerWeather  Weather Home > News By Company > ReportsWeb.com Tweet   Sterile Filtration Global Market Research Methodology, Research Scope Forecast 2022 ReportsWeb.com published Sterile Filtration Global Market from its database. This report Strategic recommendations in key business segments based on the market estimations. This report Supply chain trends mapping the latest technological advancements.   (EMAILWIRE.COM, April 28, 2017 ) According to Publisher, the Global Sterile Filtration Market is accounted for $4.12 billion in 2015 and is expected to reach $9.57 billion by 2022 growing at a CAGR of 12.7% during the forecast period. Factors such as increasing prevalence of diabetes & kidney failure, enhanced R&D funding and growing demand for biopharmaceutical molecules are driving the market growth. However, strict government rules for validation of filtration process may hamper the market. The emerging markets will provide new growth opportunities for this market. For more information about this report: http://www.reportsweb.com/sterile-filtration-global-market-outlook-2016-2022 Pharmaceutical & biotechnology segment dominated the global market with largest share in 2015. This is attributed to the more usage of sterile filtration techniques in manufacturing process involved in pharmaceutical & biotechnology companies. North America accounted for largest share in the global market owing to increased R&D spending. Some of the key players in Sterile Filtration market include Starlab Scientific Co., Ltd., 3M, Sartorius Stedim Biotech S.A., Sigma-Aldrich Corporation, Merck & Co., Inc., Sterlitech Corporation, General Electric Company, Pall Corporation, Porvair Filtration Group and Parker Hannifin Corp. Applications Covered: - Fill-finish Process o Syrups o Large-volume Parenterals o Small-volume Parenterals - Virus Filtration - Bioprocesses o Bioburden Control o Cell Culture Growth Media o Vaccines o Recombinant Proteins o Pharma Drugs o Buffer Filtration o Other Bioprocesses - Pre-Filtration - Utilities Filtration o Water o Air and Gas - Other Applications Membrane Pore Sizes Covered: - 0.45 Microns - 0.22 Microns - 0.1 Micron Request Sample Copy at http://www.reportsweb.com/inquiry&RW0001564979/sample End Users Covered: - Food & Beverage Industry - Pharmaceutical & Biotechnology Companies - Water Filtration Companies - Academic Institutes & Research Laboratories Products Covered: - Bottle-top Vacuum Filters - Filtration Accessories - Cartridge & Capsules - Membrane Filters o PVDF Membrane Filters o MCE Membrane Filters o PES Membrane Filters o Cellulose Acetate Membrane Filters o Nylon Membrane Filters o PTFE Membrane Filters - Filter Funnels & Holders - Syringe Filters - Other Products Regions Covered: - North America o US o Canada o Mexico - Europe o Germany o France o Italy o UK o Spain o Rest of Europe - Asia Pacific o Japan o China o India o Australia o New Zealand o Rest of Asia Pacific - Rest of the World o Middle East o Brazil o Argentina o South Africa o Egypt What our report offers: - Market share assessments for the regional and country level segments - Market share analysis of the top industry players - Strategic recommendations for the new entrants - Market forecasts for a minimum of 7 years of all the mentioned segments, sub segments and the regional markets - Market Trends (Drivers, Constraints, Opportunities, Threats, Challenges, Investment Opportunities, and recommendations) - Strategic recommendations in key business segments based on the market estimations - Competitive landscaping mapping the key common trends - Company profiling with detailed strategies, financials, and recent developments - Supply chain trends mapping the latest technological advancements Company Profiling 11.1 Starlab Scientific Co., Ltd. 11.2 3M 11.3 Sartorius Stedim Biotech S.A. 11.4 Sigma-Aldrich Corporation 11.5 Merck & Co., Inc. 11.6 Sterlitech Corporation 11.7 General Electric Company 11.8 Pall Corporation 11.9 Porvair Filtration Group 11.10 Parker Hannifin Corp Inquire before Buying at http://www.reportsweb.com/inquiry&RW0001564979/buying Contact Information: ReportsWeb.com Priya Sisodia Tel: +1-646-491-9876 Email us This is a press release. Press release distribution and press release services by EmailWire.Com: http://www.emailwire.com/us-press-release-distribution.php. 
   Search All categoriesAdvertising  GeneralAerospace  GeneralAgriculture  GeneralAirlines  GeneralAmerica - Post 9/11  GeneralApparel  GeneralApple Products  GeneralArchitectural  GeneralArchitecture  ArchitectureArt & Entertainments  Books  Celebrities  Country Music  Dance  Magazines  Movies  Museums  Music  Music Downloads  News & Talk Shows  Performing Arts  Photography  Television  Web SitesArts/Culture  GeneralAuction  GeneralAutomotive  Aftermarket  Classic Autos  Consumer Publications  General  Motorcycle & Bike  Racing  Recreational Vehicle  Repair & Service  Trade PublicationsBlogging & Social Media  Blogging & Social MediaBusiness  Advertising / Marketing  Books  Consumer Research  Direct Marketing  e-Commerce  Entrepreneurs  Finance  Franchise  Human Resources  Insurance  Investment  Management  Markets  Network Marketing  Online Marketing / SEO  Payday Loans  Public Relations  Publications  Real Estate  Retail  Stocks  Supermarkets  Women in BusinessCareers/HR  GeneralChemical  GeneralCoaching / Mentoring  Coaching / MentoringComputers  Apple Products  Databases  Games & Entertainment  General  Hosting  Instruction  Linux / GNU "Open Source"  Macintosh  Microsoft Windows PC  Operating Systems  Programming  Security  Software  Tablet PCs  UtilitiesConstruction  GeneralConsumer  Gifts and Collectibles  Hobbies  Web sites / InternetDesign  Graphic Design  Industrial  WebE-Cigarette  GeneraleCommerce  GeneralEconomy  GeneralEducation  College / University  General  Home Schooling  K-12  Post Graduate  TechnicalElectronics  GeneralEmail Marketing  GeneralEmailWire Press Releases  Press Release TipsEmployment/Careers  GeneralEngineering  GeneralEntertainment  GeneralEnvironment  GeneralEvents / Trade Shows  GeneralFinance  GeneralFood  GeneralFranchise  GeneralFraud / Identity Theft  GeneralGaming  GeneralGovernment  General  Judicial  Law Enforcement  Legislative  Local  National  Public Services  Security  State  TransportationHealthcare  GeneralHome and Family  Banking / Personal Finance  Bereavement / Loss  Home Furnishings / Interiors  Landscaping & Gardening  Marriage / Relationships  Money  Parenting  Payday Loans  Pets  Taxes  Wedding / BridalHome Schooling  GeneralHotels/Resorts  GeneralHousehold  GeneralIndustry  Aerospace / Defense  Agriculture  Apparel / Textiles  Broadcast  Construction / Building  Electrical  Food  Funeral  Healthcare  Leisure / Hospitality  Logistics / Shipping  Manufacturing / Production  Mining / Metals  Oil / Energy  Paper / Forest Products  Plumbing, Heating & AC  Print Media  Printing  Publishing  Radio  Restaurants  Tobacco  ToyInsurance  GeneralInternet/Online  GeneralLegal  GeneralLeisure  GeneralLifestyle  Beauty  Dating / Singles  Diet / Weight Loss  Fashion  Food / Beverage  Health & Fitness  Hotel / Resorts  Pastimes  Restaurants  Retirement  Travel & TourismMachinery  GeneralMaritime  GeneralMedical  Addiction  Allergies  Alternative Medicine  Asthma  Cancer  Cardiology  Chiropractic  Dental  Dermatology  Diabetes  Emergency  Family Medicine  General  General  Geriatrics  Hospitals  Infectious Diseases  Internal Medicine  Managed Care / HMO  Medical Products  Mental Health  Neurology  Nursing  Nutrition  OB / GYN  Pediatrics  Pharmaceuticals  Physical Therapy  Plastic Surgery  Psychology  Radiology / Imaging  Research  Sports Medicine  Surgery  VisionMilitary  GeneralMining/Metals  GeneralMiscellaneous  GeneralNanotechnology  NanotechnologyNon-profit  GeneralOccupational Safety  Occupational SafetyOil/Energy  GeneralOpinion / Editorial  Opinion / EditorialPaper Products  GeneralPaper/Forest  GeneralPharmaceuticals  GeneralPodcasting  Announce  Tools and ServicesPolitics  PoliticsPrint Media  GeneralPublic Utilities  Public UtilitiesPublishing  GeneralRadio  GeneralReal Estate  GeneralReligion  Christian  General  Islam  Jewish  OtherRestaurants  GeneralRetail  GeneralRSS & Content Syndication  RSS & Content SyndicationScience and Research  Science and ResearchSelf-Help / Personal Growth  Self-Help / Personal GrowthShipbuilding  GeneralSociety  African American Interests  Asian Interests  Childrens Issues  Disabled Issues / Disabilities  Gay / Lesbian  Hispanic  Mens Interests  Native American  Senior Citizens  Social Services  Teen Issues/Interests  Womens InterestSoftware  GeneralSports  Baseball  Basketball  Bicycling  Boating / Maritime  Bowling  Boxing  Fishing  Football  Golf  Hockey  Hunting  Martial Arts  Outdoors  Rugby  Soccer  Tennis  Water  Winter/SnowSports/Fitness  GeneralStocks  GeneralSupermarkets  GeneralTechnology  Biotechnology  Computer  Electronics  Enterprise Software  Games  Graphics/Printing/CAD  Hardware / Peripherals  Industrial  Information  Internet  Multimedia  Networking  Public Sector/Government  Robotics  Semiconductor  Software  Telecommunications  WebmastersTelecom  General  WirelessTelevision  GeneralTobacco  GeneralTrade  GeneralTransportation  GeneralTravel  GeneralUtilities  GeneralVolunteer  VolunteerWeather  Weather Advertising | How to contact us | Privacy Statement | EmailWire Press Releases | Partnership Opportunities EmailWire is a press release distribution service of GroupWeb Media LLC. © Copyright GroupWeb Media LLC 2017
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 28 April 2017 by Maciej Heyman Obesity Management Market Expected to Cross Market Size of about 6.2 Billion by 2022 “Obesity Management Market” Obesity Management Market Information, by Prescription (Weight-loss Medication (Orlistat (Xenical), Lorcaserin (Belviq)), by Surgery (Gastric Bypass Surgery, Biliopancreatic Diversion), by Lifestyle Changes (Dietary Changes) – Forecast to 2022 Market Highlights Global Obesity Management Market is growing continuously and expected to grow at a CAGR of 8.2% from 2015 to 2022. The Global Obesity Management Market has been evaluated as steadily growing market and it is expected that the market will continue to grow similarly in the near future. Obesity occurs due to energy imbalance between calories intake and calories expanded. Obesity affects health and can lead to various diseases like heart diseases, stroke, diabetes, hypertension etc. Changing lifestyle such as eating junk food or energy dense food that are high percentage of fat, low physical activity are the major factors that leads to obesity. The population of obese people has doubled since 1980. According to World Health Organization (WHO), in 2014, more than 1.9 billion adults, 18 years and older, were overweight. Out of these over 600 million were obese and about 39% of adults were underweight and out of these 13% were obese. Most of the countries of the World are facing the problem of obesity. Earlier high income countries were facing the problem of obesity and overweight but now problem of obesity is on rise in low and middle income countries. Obesity can be prevented by some dietary changes and exercise. Consumers are becoming more conscious about their health which is driving the growth for the obesity management market. Drugs manufacturers’ spending money in R&D to develop new drugs and supplements. Healthcare solution provider companies are also providing advance solutions for hospitals. Global Obesity Management Market was about US$ 4.17 billion in 2015 and is expected to reach US$ 6.2 billion by 2022 at a CAGR of 8.2%. Request to Receive a Sample Copy of Report @ https://www.marketresearchfuture.com/sample_request/2690 Obesity Management Market Key Players: There are plenty of large and small market players which operate in this market are Pfizer Inc.(US), Merck Sharp & Dohme Corp., a subsidiary of Merck & Co., Inc.(US), F. Hoffmann-La Roche Ltd (Switzerland), GlaxoSmithKline plc. (UK), AstraZeneca (UK), Herbalife Ltd. (U.S.), Apollo Endosurgery (U.S.), Ethicon, Inc. (U.S.) Regional Analysis: Depending on geographic region, Obesity Management Market is segmented into four key regions: Americas, Europe, Asia-Pacific, and Middle East & Africa. Considering the global scenario of the market, North America comprise largest market share in global Obesity Management Market. Moreover the European market is also growing continuously. On the other hand, Asia-Pacific market is expected to grow at the significant rate in the Obesity Management Market segment during the forecasted period. Rest of the World is likely to have a limited but steady growth in the market. Browse Report @ https://www.marketresearchfuture.com/reports/obesity-management-market-2690 Market Segmentation: Obesity Management Market has been segmented on the basis of Prescription weight-loss medication which comprise orlistat (Xenical), lorcaserin (Belviq), phentermine and topiramate (Qsymia), buproprion and naltrexone (Contrave), and liraglutide (Saxenda), and others. On the basis of Surgery it segmented into Gastric bypass surgery, Laparoscopic adjustable gastric banding (LAGB), Biliopancreatic diversion with duodenal switch, and others. On the basis of lifestyle changes, it is segmented into Dietary changes, Exercise, and others. About Market Research Future: At Market Research Future (MRFR), we enable our customers to unravel the complexity of various industries through our Cooked Research Report (CRR), Half-Cooked Research Reports (HCRR), Raw Research Reports (3R), Continuous-Feed Research (CFR), and Market Research & Consulting Services. MRFR team have supreme objective to provide the optimum quality market research and intelligence services to our clients. Our market research studies by products, services, technologies, applications, end users, and market players for global, regional, and country level market segments, enable our clients to see more, know more, and do more, which help to answer all their most important questions. In order to stay updated with technology and work process of the industry, MRFR often plans & conducts meet with the industry experts and industrial visits for its research analyst members. Media Contact Company Name: Market Research Future Contact Person: Akash Anand Email: akash.anand@marketresearchfuture.com Phone: +1 646 845 9312 Address:Magarpatta Road, Hadapsar, Pune – 411028 Maharashtra, India City: Pune State: Maharashtra Country: India Website: https://www.marketresearchfuture.com/reports/obesity-management-market-2690 CategoriesUncategorized TagsBusiness, Health & Medicine, Pharmaceuticals & Biotech, Technology Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Transfer of Shares Next PostNext Further Update on Strategic Investment by SSCG Africa Holdings Ltd Search Recent Posts HH Sheikh Maktoum bin Mohammed bin Rashid Al Maktoum Honore 10 Lauréats de 8 Pays au Prix Mondial de l’Eau lancé par Mohammed bin Rashid Al Maktoum HH Sheikh Maktoum bin Mohammed bin Rashid Al Maktoum Honore 10 Lauréats de 8 Pays au Prix Mondial de l’Eau lancé par Mohammed bin Rashid Al Maktoum Xiaomi Mi Pad 3 new Xiaomi tablet Arrive Gearbest Oxford Investment Group Invests in Katherine Cosmetics Michelle Obama Wears „Lafayette 148 New York Dress” in First Public Appearance Post-White House Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 28 April 2017 by Maciej Heyman Investigational Cladribine Tablets Data Show Greater Treatment Effect in Relapsing MS Patients at a Higher Risk of Disease Progression DARMSTADT, Germany, April 28, 2017 /PRNewswire/ — Subgroup analysis shows >80% reduction in the risk of disability progression with Cladribine Tablets vs placebo  Merck, a leading science and technology company, announced the presentation of new analyses of efficacy and safety data for investigational Cladribine Tablets in poster presentations at the Annual Meeting of the American Academy of Neurology (AAN), taking place April 22 – 28, 2017, in Boston, Massachusetts.      (Logo: http://mma.prnewswire.com/media/492737/Merck_Logo.jpg) The findings from a retrospective subgroup analysis of the Phase III CLARITY trial in 289 patients with high disease activity* demonstrated statistically significant reduction in the risk of disability progression and relapse with Cladribine Tablets at a dose of 3.5mg/kg (n=140) compared with placebo (n= 149) in relapsing multiple sclerosis (MS) patients who were either treatment naïve or had prior disease modifying drug (DMD) exposure. „We know that a proportion of patients with MS have a higher risk of relapse and disability progression than the broader population,” said Prof. Gavin Giovannoni, a lead investigator in the CLARITY studies and Chair of Neurology, Barts and The London School of Medicine and Dentistry. „These data are important since they indicate that patients in the high disease activity subgroup treated with Cladribine Tablets showed a greater response than that seen in the overall CLARITY trial population.” The analysis demonstrated that treatment with Cladribine Tablets 3.5 mg/kg was associated with a larger reduction in the risk of 6-month confirmed EDSS progression in patients with high disease activity (82%; P=0.0001) than observed in the overall CLARITY population (47%; P=0.0016) vs placebo. Additionally, data showed that Cladribine Tablets reduced the relative risk of annualised relapse rate in patients with high disease activity (67%; P<0.0001) compared with the overall CLARITY population (58%; P=<0.0001). The study found that relapse and treatment history as well as MRI characteristics can help to identify patients who are at increased risk of experiencing relapses and disability progression. „Cladribine Tablets is thought to selectively target the adaptive immune response in MS, and may be able to address a medical need in those patients already at higher risk of disability progression or relapses,” said Luciano Rossetti, Head of Global R&D for the biopharma business of Merck.   A safety analysis of patients given Cladribine Tablets for 20 days over two years in either CLARITY or CLARITY Extension showed that, following the 10-day dosing period in treatment year 1, median lymphocyte counts were reduced to a low of 1.00×10[9]/L. However, by the end of treatment year 1 and 2, median lymphocyte counts had recovered to within the normal range. In the 2-year CLARITY study, the most commonly reported adverse event (AE) in patients treated with Cladribine Tablets was lymphopenia. The incidence of infections was 48.3% with Cladribine Tablets and 42.5% with placebo, with 99.1% and 99.0% respectively rated mild-to-moderate by investigators. *Higher risk of disease progression and/or high disease activity is defined as patients with ≥ 1 relapse during the year prior to study entry while on DMD therapy AND ≥ 1 T1 Gd+ or ≥ 9 T2 lesions plus patients with ≥ 2 relapses during the year prior to study entry, regardless of prior use of DMD. About Cladribine Tablets   Cladribine Tablets is an investigational short-course oral therapy that is thought to selectively and periodically target lymphocytes thought to be integral to the pathological process of MS. Cladribine Tablets is currently under clinical investigation and not yet approved for the treatment for any use in the United States, Canada and Europe. In July 2016, the European Medicines Agency (EMA) accepted for review the Marketing Authorisation Application (MAA) of Cladribine Tablets for the treatment of relapsing remitting multiple sclerosis.  The clinical development program for Cladribine Tablets includes: CLARITY (CLAdRIbine Tablets Treating MS OrallY) study and its extension: a two-year Phase III placebo-controlled study designed to evaluate the efficacy and safety of Cladribine Tablets as a monotherapy in patients with RRMS and its two-year extension designed to provide data on the long-term safety and efficacy of extended administration of Cladribine Tablets for up to four years. ORACLE MS (ORAl CLadribine in Early MS) study: a two-year Phase III placebo-controlled study designed to evaluate the efficacy and safety of Cladribine Tablets as a monotherapy in patients at risk of developing MS (patients who have experienced a first clinical event suggestive of MS). ONWARD (Oral Cladribine Added ON To Interferon beta-1a in Patients with Active Relapsing Disease) study: a Phase II placebo-controlled study designed primarily to evaluate the safety and tolerability of adding Cladribine Tablets treatment to patients with relapsing forms of MS, who have experienced breakthrough disease while on established interferon-beta therapy. PREMIERE (Prospective Observational Long-term Safety Registry of Multiple Sclerosis Patients Who Have Participated in Cladribine Clinical Studies) study: interim long-term follow-up data from the prospective registry, PREMIERE, to evaluate the safety and efficacy of Cladribine Tablets. The follow-up will consist of over 10,000 patient years of exposure in total, with follow-up in some patients exceeding eight years at completion. About Multiple Sclerosis  Multiple sclerosis (MS) is a chronic, inflammatory condition of the central nervous system and is the most common, non-traumatic, disabling neurological disease in young adults. It is estimated that approximately 2.3 million people have MS worldwide. While symptoms can vary, the most common symptoms of MS include blurred vision, numbness or tingling in the limbs and problems with strength and coordination. The relapsing forms of MS are the most common. All Merck Press Releases are distributed by e-mail at the same time they become available on the Merck Website. Please go to http://www.merckgroup.com/subscribe to register online, change your selection or discontinue this service. About Merck  Merck is a leading science and technology company in healthcare, life science and performance materials. Around 50,000 employees work to further develop technologies that improve and enhance life – from biopharmaceutical therapies to treat cancer or multiple sclerosis, cutting-edge systems for scientific research and production, to liquid crystals for smartphones and LCD televisions. In 2016, Merck generated sales of € 15.0 billion in 66 countries. Founded in 1668, Merck is the world’s oldest pharmaceutical and chemical company. The founding family remains the majority owner of the publicly listed corporate group. Merck holds the global rights to the Merck name and brand. The only exceptions are the United States and Canada, where the company operates as EMD Serono, MilliporeSigma and EMD Performance Materials. SOURCE Merck CategoriesUncategorized TagsClinical Trials & Medical Discoveries Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Students Find Innovative Way to Create and Conserve Energy. The Educational Partnership Foundation Funds Eco Leader Solar Projects at Highwood School Next PostNext Release on Zirconium Oxide Flap Disc Market 2017 : Growth Analysis by Countries, Type and Application, Forecast to 2022 Search Recent Posts HH Sheikh Maktoum bin Mohammed bin Rashid Al Maktoum Honore 10 Lauréats de 8 Pays au Prix Mondial de l’Eau lancé par Mohammed bin Rashid Al Maktoum HH Sheikh Maktoum bin Mohammed bin Rashid Al Maktoum Honore 10 Lauréats de 8 Pays au Prix Mondial de l’Eau lancé par Mohammed bin Rashid Al Maktoum Xiaomi Mi Pad 3 new Xiaomi tablet Arrive Gearbest Oxford Investment Group Invests in Katherine Cosmetics Michelle Obama Wears „Lafayette 148 New York Dress” in First Public Appearance Post-White House Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Helping the world invest better since 1993. Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Latest Stock Picks Stocks Premium Services Return S&P Stock Advisor Flagship service 235% 68% Rule Breakers High-growth stocks 103% 56% Income Investor Dividend stocks 46% 42% Hidden Gems Small-cap stocks 61% 53% Inside Value Undervalued stocks 48% 31% Returns as of 4/28/2017 Stock Market News Latest Investing News Gainers & Losers in the Market Today 3 Top Dividend Stocks to Buy Now Dividend Paying Stocks for Beginners Top Growth Stock for 2017 Discover High Growth Stocks 10 Best Stocks Right Now Popular Stocks Apple Stock (AAPL) Facebook Stock (FB) Tesla Stock (TSLA) Netflix Stock (NFLX) Google Stock (GOOG) Amazon Stock (AMZN) GE Stock (GE) Disney Stock (DIS) Twitter Stock (TWTR) Snapchat Stock (SNAP) How to Invest Learn How to Invest How to Invest in Stocks Start Investing with $100 a Month Investing Knowledge Center Learn Options Trading Guide to Index, Mutual & ETF Funds How to Build a Dividend Portfolio Investing for Retirement Track Your Performance Portfolio Tracker Rate & Research Stocks - CAPS Investing Accounts Compare Brokerage Accounts Compare IRA Accounts Retirement Retirement Planning 401Ks | IRAs | Asset Allocation Step by step guide to retirement Your 2017 Guide to Retirement Plans Will Social Security be there for me? Retirement Guide: 20s | 30s | 40s | 50s Save for College or Retirement? $16,122 Social Security Bonus Already Retired Time to Retire, Now What? Living in Retirement in Your 60s Should I Reverse Mortgage My Home? Should I Get a Long Term Care Policy? Your 2017 Guide to Social Security Personal Finance Credit Cards Best Credit Cards of 2017 Best Credit Card Sign-Up Bonuses Best Balance-Transfer Credit Cards Best Travel Credit Cards Best Cash-Back Credit Cards Best No-Annual-Fee Credit Cards Mortgages Compare Mortgage Rates Get Pre-Approved How Much House Can I Afford? 11 Mortgage Essentials Demystified Taxes How to Reduce Your Taxes Deductions Even Pros Overlook Audit-Proof Your Tax Return What Info Should I Keep? Saving & Budgeting Getting Out of Debt Create an Emergency Fund Which Accounts Should I Use? College Savings Community Our Mission: Helping the World Invest — Better Founded in 1993 by brothers Tom and David Gardner, The Motley Fool helps millions of people attain financial freedom through our website, podcasts, books, newspaper column, radio show, and premium investing services. Latest Stock Picks Stocks Stocks Premium Services Return S&P Stock Advisor Flagship service 235% 68% Rule Breakers High-growth stocks 103% 56% Income Investor Dividend stocks 46% 42% Hidden Gems Small-cap stocks 61% 53% Inside Value Undervalued stocks 48% 31% Returns as of 4/28/2017 Stock Market News Latest Investing News Gainers & Losers in the Market Today 3 Top Dividend Stocks to Buy Now Dividend Paying Stocks for Beginners Top Growth Stock for 2017 Discover High Growth Stocks 10 Best Stocks Right Now Popular Stocks Apple Stock (AAPL) Facebook Stock (FB) Tesla Stock (TSLA) Netflix Stock (NFLX) Google Stock (GOOG) Amazon Stock (AMZN) GE Stock (GE) Disney Stock (DIS) Twitter Stock (TWTR) Snapchat Stock (SNAP) How to Invest How to Invest Learn How to Invest How to Invest in Stocks Start Investing with $100 a Month Investing Knowledge Center Learn Options Trading Guide to Index, Mutual & ETF Funds How to Build a Dividend Portfolio Investing for Retirement Track Your Performance Portfolio Tracker Rate & Research Stocks - CAPS Investing Accounts Compare Brokerage Accounts Compare IRA Accounts Retirement Retirement Retirement Planning 401Ks IRAs Asset Allocation Step by step guide to retirement Your 2017 Guide to Retirement Plans Will Social Security be there for me? Retirement Guide: 20s Retirement Guide: 30s Retirement Guide: 40s Retirement Guide: 50s Save for College or Retirement? $16,122 Social Security Bonus Already Retired Time to Retire, Now What? Living in Retirement in Your 60s Should I reverse Mortgage My Home? Should I Get a Long Term Care Policy? Your 2016 Guide to Social Security Personal Finance Personal Finance Credit Cards Best Credit Cards of 2017 Best Credit Card Sign-Up Bonuses Best Balance-Transfer Credit Cards Best Travel Credit Cards Best Cash-Back Credit Cards Best No-Annual-Fee Credit Cards Mortgages Compare Mortgage Rates Get Pre-Approved How Much House Can I Afford? 11 Mortgage Essentials Demystified Taxes How to Reduce Your Taxes Deductions Even Pros Overlook Audit-Proof Your Tax Return What Info Should I Keep? Saving & Budgeting Getting Out of Debt Create an Emergency Fund Which Accounts Should I Use? College Savings Community Community Login Search Search: These 7 Drugmakers Relied on Price Hikes for 100% of Their Earnings Growth in 2016 If President Trump cracks down on drug price inflation, these pharma and biotech offenders could be in big trouble. Sean Williams (TMFUltraLong) Apr 28, 2017 at 8:02AM If I told you that drug companies lean on their exceptional pricing power to grow their top and bottom lines, it probably wouldn't come as a shock in the least. If you've picked up a prescription from the pharmacy at any point over the past couple of years, you're probably well aware of the inflation tied to prescription drugs. Drugmakers' reliance on price hikes is growing What you may not be aware of is just how reliant drug companies have become on increasing the price of existing medicines in order to grow their businesses. Image source: Getty Images. According to a newly released 120-page report from Credit Suisse, drug price hikes wound up adding $8.7 billion in net income to the pharma industry in 2016. This $8.7 billion essentially accounted for all of the industry's growth, when looked at as a whole. The report found that list prices grew by 9.8% in 2016, down slightly from the 10.8% increase experienced in 2015, while rebates increased from 35.7% in 2015 to 37.3% in 2016. This suggests that net pricing growth came in right around 6%. Last week we explored bifurcation between prescription drug price inflation and the Consumer Price Index for All Urban Consumers (CPI-U), courtesy of data from the AARP Public Policy Institute, and found a greater than 150% real-money increase in drug prices between the end of 2005 and 2015. Here's why drugmakers can get away with charging an arm and a leg for their medicines Why are drugmakers able to pass along such hefty price increases to insurers and consumers? It's due to a laundry list of inherent advantages that drugmakers are privy to in the United States. For example, drugmakers are working with exceptionally long periods of patent protection. Patent protection begins once the Food and Drug Administration OK's the start of human clinical trials, and this protection usually lasts for 20 years. Given the time it takes to run human trials, most drugmakers with approved drugs net a decade, give or take a few years, of exclusivity. Image source: Getty Images. The U.S. also has no universal health plan, which means Congress can't cap drug costs, and it also has the highest pharmaceutical demand in the world. Growing demand for pharma products pushes costs higher. Most insurance companies are also unwilling to stand up to drugmakers because they don't want to exclude a popular drug from their approved formulary and lose a lot of members over it. The result is many insurers accept pretty nominal rebates and discounts. And, of course, drug developers utilize the high standard of living in the U.S. to help subsidize their emerging market ventures. In other words, drugmakers count on high prices in the U.S. to help pay for what can be the unprofitable sale of medicines in emerging and underdeveloped markets. Added together, this equals a very unfavorable drug-pricing market for the consumer. These seven drugmakers are very reliant on price increases to drive earnings growth It's worth noting that not every pharma and biotech company analyzed by Credit Suisse leaned so heavily on price hikes last year. For instance, Gilead Sciences was busy boosting its rebates and discounts on its hepatitis C drugs in order to be more price-competitive with new competition in the space. But for the following seven drug developers, earnings would have declined in 2016 had it not been for price hikes.  Image source: Getty Images. 1. Biogen Biogen (NASDAQ:BIIB) has the leading global market share in multiple sclerosis (MS), so it shouldn't surprise investors one bit that it's leaning on its market share dominance to lift the prices of its drugs. In particular, Biogen is reaching a patient saturation point with oral MS medicine Tecfidera, so turning to price hikes helps mask its sales slowdown. 2. Eli Lilly Eli Lilly (NYSE:LLY) has been hit by a double-whammy: a number of key late-stage products have come up short over the past five years, and generic competition is pressuring its established drug portfolio. Eli Lilly has had little choice but to turn to price increases on some of its established therapies, as well as its specialty indications. In fact, Eli Lilly was accused of fixing insulin prices (i.e., pushing them higher) according to a federal lawsuit filed back in January. 3. AbbVie There's absolutely no secret where AbbVie's (NYSE:ABBV) price increases are coming from: anti-inflammatory drug Humira. Humira is the best-selling drug in the world and is approved for 10 indications. Last year, Humira generated nearly $16.1 billion in annual sales, and with its patent expiration date nearing within the next couple of years, AbbVie is aiming to squeeze every last cent of profit out of the world's best-selling drug. 4. Allergan Ireland-based Allergan (NYSE:AGN) is no stranger to being under the watchful eye of the public since it's been relying on hefty brand-name drug price hikes for years. These price increases have helped mask the top- and bottom-line bumpiness associated with Allergan's active merger and acquisition history. For what it's worth, Allergan made a pledge to raise its list prices by less than 10% in 2017 and held true to its word by the narrowest of margins with a 9.5% list price increase. Image source: Getty Images. 5. Merck Big Pharma giant Merck (NYSE:MRK) also relied on price hikes for all of its net income increase in 2016. Merck's focus on cancer drugs, such as cancer immunotherapy Keytruda, have given the company exceptional pricing power. However, Merck is also trying to hang onto every last shred of sales from type 2 diabetes drug Januvia. Merck may choose to continue increasing the list price of Januvia to offset the increasing competition it's facing from SGLT-2 inhibitors. 6. Pfizer Another drugmaker that should come as no surprise whatsoever is Pfizer (NYSE:PFE), which has been increasing the list price of its drugs twice yearly. According to Morgan Stanley analyst David Risinger, Pfizer hiked its list prices between 7.4% and 10.4% on five occasions between June 2014 and June 2016, working out to an aggregate increase of 52% before rebates and discounting to insurers. Pfizer's increased focus on specialty indications has made it easier than ever for the pharma giant to pass along price hikes. 7. Amgen As is somewhat the theme with these seven price-hike-hungry drug developers, Amgen (NASDAQ:AMGN) also leaned heavily on increases with its lead drug to drive its growth. Over the past couple of years, Amgen has pushed the price of anti-inflammatory drug Enbrel higher by approximately 20% per year. In fact, Enbrel units sold declined 6% in the fourth quarter, but total growth hit 14%, implying a 20% price bump making the difference. Image source: Getty Images. Danger, Will Robinson Though drug pricing power is somewhat implied for pharma and biotech, it's not a given. President Trump has, on numerous occasions since the election, suggested that he aims to lower drug prices in America. Though many of Trump's proposals have seemed a bit off-the-wall when it comes to fixing out of control price hikes (such as deregulating the FDA and allowing consumers to buy drugs in overseas markets), it's the mere fact that he hasn't swept the problem under the rug that should worry drugmakers. Which company above would be most at risk? While I wouldn't absolve any drugmaker, I'd be particularly concerned about Allergan. The sale of Actavis to Teva Pharmaceutical Industries certainly helped reduce some of Allergan's debt, but it also made the company one-dimensional in that it's focus is on branded therapies. Given tougher tax inversion rules in the U.S., an attractive avenue of growth has also been taken away. If Allergan is forced to rein in its price hikes, the company could really struggle to grow its top-line and reduce its remaining $32 billion in debt. Sean Williams owns shares of Teva Pharmaceutical Industries. The Motley Fool owns shares of and recommends Biogen and Gilead Sciences. The Motley Fool has the following options: short June 2017 $70 calls on Gilead Sciences. The Motley Fool recommends Teva Pharmaceutical Industries. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author Sean Williams (TMFUltraLong) A Fool since 2010, and a graduate from UC San Diego with a B.A. in Economics, Sean specializes in the healthcare sector and investment planning. You'll often find him writing about Obamacare, marijuana, drug and device development, Social Security, taxes, retirement issues and general macroeconomic topics of interest. Follow @TMFUltraLong Article Info Apr 28, 2017 at 8:02AM Health Care Stocks Pfizer NYSE:PFE $33.92 up $0.06 (0.18%) Merck & Co. NYSE:MRK $62.33 down $0.25 (-0.40%) Amgen NASDAQ:AMGN $163.32 up $0.60 (0.37%) Eli Lilly and Company NYSE:LLY $82.06 up $0.73 (0.90%) Biogen NASDAQ:BIIB $271.21 down $-5.36 (-1.94%) Allergan NYSE:AGN $243.86 up $0.81 (0.33%) AbbVie NYSE:ABBV $65.94 down $0.13 (-0.20%) Read More Billionaires Are Bailing on Pfizer, Inc -- Should You? Better Buy: Valeant Pharmaceuticals International, Inc. vs. Allergan Carl Icahn Bets Big on Allergan's CEO 5 Incredibly Cheap Big Pharma Stocks 1 Stock to Invest in Big Pharma Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Current These 7 Drugmakers Relied on Price Hikes for 100% of Their Earnings Growth in 2016 @themotleyfool #stocks $PFE, $MRK, $AMGN, $LLY, $BIIB, $AGN, $ABBV
Media Relations: Investor Relations: Ashleigh Koss George Grofik 908-981-8745 +33 (0)1 53 77 45 45 Email: Ashleigh.koss@sanofi.com Email: IR@sanofi.com Click here for the live audio webcast at 8:30 a.m. ET <iframe src="https://www.multivu.com/players/English/8093351-sanofi-earnings-results-q1-2017/embed.html" width="512px" height="288px" frameborder="0"></iframe> <iframe src="https://www.multivu.com/players/English/8093351-sanofi-earnings-results-q1-2017/embed_gallery.html?uuid=" width="512px" height="288px" frameborder="0"></iframe>   Read More Sanofi 2017 Annual Results Infographic Olivier Brandicourt, Chief Executive Officer Jérôme Contamine, Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer Dr. Elias Zerhouni, President, Global R&D Go to all assets Media Panel Resources Sanofi Q1 2017 Earnings Results Infographic Sanofi Q1 2017 Earnings Results Presentation Press Release: Q1 2017 Earnings Results Related Links Sanofi Investor Relations/Q1 2017 Earnings Results Sanofi US Website Global Executive Committee Photos Sanofi Delivers Robust Q1 2017 Financial Results Click here for the live audio webcast at 8:30 a.m. ET Paris, April 28, 2017 / PRNewswire / — Sanofi (NYSE: SNY; EURONEXT: SAN)   Q1 2017 Change Change at CER Change at CER and CS(1) Business net income(2) €1,795m +4.2% +1.0% - Business EPS(2) €1.42 +6.0% +3.0% - First-quarter 2017 accounts reflect the acquisition of the former Boehringer Ingelheim Consumer Healthcare (CHC) business and the disposal of the Animal Health business (completed on January 1, 2017(3)). In accordance with IFRS 5 (Non-Current Assets Held for Sale and Discontinued Operations), Animal Health results in 2016 and gain on disposal in 2017 are reported separately. The first quarter 2017 income statement also reflects the consolidation of European operations related to Sanofi vaccine portfolio, following the termination of the Sanofi Pasteur MSD joint venture (SPMSD JV) with Merck at the end of December 2016. (1) CS: constant structure: adjusted for BI CHC business, termination of SPMSD and others; (2) In order to facilitate an understanding of operational performance, Sanofi comments on the business net income statement. Business net income is a non-GAAP financial measure (see Appendix 8 for definitions). The consolidated income statement for Q1 2017 is provided in Appendix 3 and a reconciliation of IFRS net income reported to business net income is set forth in Appendix 4; (3) The closing of the disposal of Merial in Mexico is expected in 2017 Sanofi Chief Executive Officer, Olivier Brandicourt, commented: “We have started the year with robust growth driven by Specialty Care and Vaccines as well as good performance in Emerging Markets. Our top line in the first quarter also benefited from the integration of the Boehringer Ingelheim CHC and European vaccine businesses. At the same time, the simplified organization continues to contribute to Sanofi’s financial performance. The U.S. launch of Dupixent® for moderate-to-severe atopic dermatitis marks a key innovation milestone on our strategic roadmap and lays the foundation for our new immunology franchise. We are excited to bring this highly innovative medicine to patients suffering from this devastating disease.” Q1 2017 sales growth supported by Specialty Care, Vaccines and Emerging Markets Net sales were €8,648 million, up 11.1% on a reported basis and 8.6% at CER reflecting the acquisition of Boehringer Ingelheim’s (BI) CHC business and full consolidation of Sanofi’s European vaccine operations. At constant structure and CER, net sales were up 3.5%. Sanofi Genzyme (Specialty Care) GBU sales increased 15.5% at CER driven by Multiple Sclerosis products. Diabetes and Cardiovascular GBU sales were down 7.7% at CER; Global Diabetes franchise sales decreased 6.0%. Sanofi Pasteur GBU grew 13.2% at CER and constant structure due to the strong performance of pediatric combinations. CHC GBU sales were up 4.7% at CER and constant structure driven by the performance in Europe. Emerging Markets sales increased 8.5% at CER and constant structure. Strong financial results and 2017 guidance confirmed Business operating income of €2,442 million, up 7.6% at CER and constant structure. Business EPS grew 3.0% at CER to €1.42 and increased 6.0% on a reported basis. Sanofi continues to expect 2017 Business EPS to be stable to -3% at CER, barring unforeseen major adverse events. IFRS net income of €5,701 million (up 424%) included a net gain of €4,427 million resulting from the divestment of Merial. Sanofi progresses on its 2020 roadmap Integration of Boehringer Ingelheim CHC business on track, enhancing Sanofi’s position in key categories and regions. Following the termination of the SPMSD JV, European vaccine business now fully driven by Sanofi. Dupixent®, a breakthrough therapy for moderate-to-severe atopic dermatitis, now available to adult patients in the U.S. Soliqua™100/33, first once-daily fixed combination of Lantus® and lixisenatide for type-2 diabetes, launched in the U.S. Kevzara™ BLA for the treatment of rheumatoid arthritis granted PDUFA date of May 22, 2017. FDA approval of Xyzal® Allergy 24H for OTC use and launch underway ahead of the U.S. spring allergy season. R&D update Regulatory update Regulatory updates since the publication of 2016 full-year results on February 8, 2017 include the following: In April, the FDA approved a new dosing regimen for Praluent® of 300 mg administered subcutaneously once monthly (every 4 weeks). In April the European Medicine Agency's (EMA) Committee for Medicinal Products for Human Use (CHMP) granted a positive opinion for the marketing authorization of Kevzara® (sarilumab), recommending its approval for use in adult patients with moderately to severely active rheumatoid arthritis. In March, the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) approved Dupixent® (dupilumab), the first and only biologic medicine approved for the treatment of adults with moderate-to-severe atopic dermatitis (AD) whose disease is not adequately controlled with topical prescription therapies, or when those therapies are not advisable. Following successful conclusion of Le Trait manufacturing site inspection by FDA, the Kevzara™ (sarilumab) U.S. BLA was accepted in April for the treatment of rheumatoid arthritis with a PDUFA date of May 22, 2017. At the end of April 2017, the R&D pipeline contained 46 pharmaceutical new molecular entities (excluding Life Cycle Management) and vaccine candidates in clinical development of which 13 are in Phase 3 or have been submitted to the regulatory authorities for approval. Portfolio update Phase 4: Top-line results of the ODYSSEY OUTCOMES study on Praluent® are now expected to be reported in the first quarter of 2018 based on communications from the independent DSMB (Data and Safety Monitoring Board). Recruitment for this 18,600-patient cardiovascular outcomes trial was completed in November 2015 and the scheduled two-year follow-up of patients is underway. Phase 3: The results of the CAFÉ study evaluating dupilumab in cyclosporine-resistant patients in moderate-to-severe atopic dermatitis were positive and demonstrated an acceptable safety profile. These results will be submitted to the EMA and presented at a scientific Congress. In March, detailed results from the one-year Phase 3 CHRONOS study were presented at the Annual Meeting of the American Academy of Dermatology (AAD). In this study, patients receiving Dupixent® with topical corticosteroids (TCS) achieved significantly improved measures of overall disease severity compared to TCS alone in adults with uncontrolled moderate-to-severe AD with a safety profile consistent with previous studies. Phase 2: SP0232 / MEDI8897 (partnership with MedImmune), a monoclonal antibody, entered the portfolio in Phase 2 for the prevention of lower respiratory tract illness in infants caused by respiratory syncytial virus. SAR566658, a maytansin-loaded anti-CA6 monoclonal antibody, entered into Phase 2 for the treatment of triple negative breast cancer. A Phase 2 study was initiated to evaluate isatuximab in acute lymphoblastic leukemia. Phase 1: SAR440181 / MYK491 (collaboration with MyoKardia), for the treatment of dilated cardiomyopathy (DCM1 myosin activation), entered Phase 1. To access the full press release of the 2017 Q1 results, please click here. 2017 guidance Sanofi expects 2017 Business EPS to be stable to -3% at CER, barring unforeseen major adverse events, consistent with its previously announced Strategic Roadmap guidance for the 2016-17 period. Applying the average March 2017 exchange rates to the rest of the year, the currency impact on 2017 Business EPS is estimated to be +3% to +4%. Forward-Looking Statements This press release contains forward-looking statements as defined in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, as amended. Forward-looking statements are statements that are not historical facts. These statements include projections and estimates and their underlying assumptions, statements regarding plans, objectives, intentions and expectations with respect to future financial results, events, operations, services, product development and potential, and statements regarding future performance. Forward-looking statements are generally identified by the words “expects”, “anticipates”, “believes”, “intends”, “estimates”, “plans” and similar expressions. Although Sanofi’s management believes that the expectations reflected in such forward-looking statements are reasonable, investors are cautioned that forward-looking information and statements are subject to various risks and uncertainties, many of which are difficult to predict and generally beyond the control of Sanofi, that could cause actual results and developments to differ materially from those expressed in, or implied or projected by, the forward-looking information and statements. These risks and uncertainties include among other things, the uncertainties inherent in research and development, future clinical data and analysis, including post marketing, decisions by regulatory authorities, such as the FDA or the EMA, regarding whether and when to approve any drug, device or biological application that may be filed for any such product candidates as well as their decisions regarding labelling and other matters that could affect the availability or commercial potential of such product candidates, the absence of guarantee that the product candidates if approved will be commercially successful, the future approval and commercial success of therapeutic alternatives, Sanofi’s ability to benefit from external growth opportunities and/or obtain regulatory clearances, risks associated with intellectual property and any related pending or future litigation and the ultimate outcome of such litigation, trends in exchange rates and prevailing interest rates, volatile economic conditions, the impact of cost containment initiatives and subsequent changes thereto, the average number of shares outstanding as well as those discussed or identified in the public filings with the SEC and the AMF made by Sanofi, including those listed under “Risk Factors” and “Cautionary Statement Regarding Forward-Looking Statements” in Sanofi’s annual report on Form 20-F for the year ended December 31, 2016. Other than as required by applicable law, Sanofi does not undertake any obligation to update or revise any forward-looking information or statements. Media Panel Resources Sanofi Q1 2017 Earnings Results Infographic Sanofi Q1 2017 Earnings Results Presentation Press Release: Q1 2017 Earnings Results Related Links Sanofi Investor Relations/Q1 2017 Earnings Results Sanofi US Website Global Executive Committee Photos
Latest News Dow 20,941 -40.82 -0.19% Nasdaq 6,048 -1.33 -0.02% S&P 500 2,384 -4.57 -0.19% 1:28 A.M. ET Updated Dow’s rally from election to Trump’s first 100 days is a postwar record 1:27 A.M. ET How Trump’s stock market ranks on his 100th day in office 4/28 Updated How Trump’s stock market ranks as he nears his 100th day in office 4/28 Film and TV writers: Here’s how to prepare financially for a strike 4/28 Updated Jack Dorsey buys $9.5 million in Twitter stock while continuing to sell Square 4/28 The first human head transplant may happen this year 4/28 GoPro stock plummets 8% to seventh-lowest close 4/28 Updated Inside the executive order that would’ve yanked the U.S. out of Nafta 4/28 Newly Developed Device Creates Water From Dry Air 4/28 Trump Calls Warren 'Pocahontas' and Affirms Commitment to NRA 4/28 How Apple and Tesla want California to change proposed self-driving car rules 4/28 Anxiety Disorder: Is There an Escape? 4/28 Bush chief of staff Card says Trump might want to bite his tongue on occasion 4/28 Is inflation hotter than the market will admit? Bond panel can’t quite agree 4/28 North Korea's latest ballistic missile launch failed: report 4/28 Updated This city has the most millionaire CEOs 4/28 Updated The Latest Status Symbol? Metal Credit Cards 4/28 Fitbit: 'External forces' caused alleged Flex 2 explosion 4/28 'Rich Dad' author Robert Kiyosaki on how to get rich in real estate 4/28 Apple asks California regulators to change self-driving car policy: Report Log In Home News Viewer Video SectorWatch Podcasts First Take Games Portfolio My MarketWatch News Viewer Markets U.S. Europe/Middle East Emerging Markets Asia Canada SectorWatch Columns Market Snapshot Movers & Shakers The Tell Currencies Futures Movers Pre-Market News Tools Earnings Wall Markets Overview IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar Currency Tools Futures Contracts Market Screener Hulbert Interactive Investing Stocks Mutual Funds ETFs Options Bonds Commodities Currencies Futures Financial Adviser Center Hedge Funds/Insider Trades Getting Started MarketWatch Adviser Columns Options Trader Revolution Investing Tools Stock Screener Funds Finder ETF Screener Options Screener IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar More... Personal Finance 10 Things Big Spender Real Estate Spending & Saving Taxes Columns The Moneyologist Brett Arends Bill Bischoff Amy Hoak Chuck Jaffe Jennifer Openshaw Jennifer Waters Tools Funds Finder Today's Rates Retirement Retire Here, Not There Encore Taxes How-to Guides Social Security Estate Planning Events Columns Robert Powell's Retirement Portfolio Andrea Coombes's Working Retirement Tools Retirement Planner How long will my money last? Economy Federal Reserve Capitol Report Economic Report Columns Darrell Delamaide Irwin Kellner Rex Nutting Tools Economic Calendar Real Estate Location Scouts realtor.com My MarketWatch Watchlist Alerts Games Log In Home Press Release Sanofi Delivers Robust Q1 2017 Financial Results By Published: Apr 28, 2017 7:30 a.m. ET Share PARIS, April 28, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- Sanofi SNY, +0.83% (SAN) Q1 2017 Change Change at CER Change at CER and CS(1) Business net income(2) €1,795m +4.2% +1.0% - Business EPS(2) €1.42 +6.0% +3.0% - Experience the interactive Multimedia News Release here: https://www.multivu.com/players/English/8093351-sanofi-earnings-results-q1-2017/   First-quarter 2017 accounts reflect the acquisition of the former Boehringer Ingelheim Consumer Healthcare (CHC) business and the disposal of the Animal Health business (completed on January 1, 2017(3)). In accordance with IFRS 5 (Non-Current Assets Held for Sale and Discontinued Operations), Animal Health results in 2016 and gain on disposal in 2017 are reported separately. The first quarter 2017 income statement also reflects the consolidation of European operations related to Sanofi vaccine portfolio, following the termination of the Sanofi Pasteur MSD joint venture (SPMSD JV) with Merck at the end of December 2016. (1) CS: constant structure: adjusted for BI CHC business, termination of SPMSD and others; (2) In order to facilitate an understanding of operational performance, Sanofi comments on the business net income statement. Business net income is a non-GAAP financial measure (see Appendix 8 for definitions). The consolidated income statement for Q1 2017 is provided in Appendix 3 and a reconciliation of IFRS net income reported to business net income is set forth in Appendix 4; (3) The closing of the disposal of Merial in Mexico is expected in 2017 Sanofi Chief Executive Officer, Olivier Brandicourt, commented:"We have started the year with robust growth driven by Specialty Care and Vaccines as well as good performance in Emerging Markets. Our top line in the first quarter also benefited from the integration of the Boehringer Ingelheim CHC and European vaccine businesses. At the same time, the simplified organization continues to contribute to Sanofi's financial performance. The U.S. launch of Dupixent® for moderate-to-severe atopic dermatitis marks a key innovation milestone on our strategic roadmap and lays the foundation for our new immunology franchise. We are excited to bring this highly innovative medicine to patients suffering from this devastating disease." Q1 2017 sales growth supported by Specialty Care, Vaccines and Emerging Markets Net sales were €8,648 million, up 11.1% on a reported basis and 8.6% at CER reflecting the acquisition of Boehringer Ingelheim's (BI) CHC business and full consolidation of Sanofi's European vaccine operations. At constant structure and CER, net sales were up 3.5%. Sanofi Genzyme (Specialty Care) GBU sales increased 15.5% at CER driven by Multiple Sclerosis products. Diabetes and Cardiovascular GBU sales were down 7.7% at CER; Global Diabetes franchise sales decreased 6.0%. Sanofi Pasteur GBU grew 13.2% at CER and constant structure due to the strong performance of pediatric combinations. CHC GBU sales were up 4.7% at CER and constant structure driven by the performance in Europe. Emerging Markets sales increased 8.5% at CER and constant structure. Strong financial results and 2017 guidance confirmed Business operating income of €2,442 million, up 7.6% at CER and constant structure. Business EPS grew 3.0% at CER to €1.42 and increased 6.0% on a reported basis. Sanofi continues to expect 2017 Business EPS to be stable to -3% at CER, barring unforeseen major adverse events. IFRS net income of €5,701 million (up 424%) included a net gain of €4,427 million resulting from the divestment of Merial. Sanofi progresses on its 2020 roadmap Integration of Boehringer Ingelheim CHC business on track, enhancing Sanofi's position in key categories and regions. Following the termination of the SPMSD JV, European vaccine business now fully driven by Sanofi. Dupixent [®] , a breakthrough therapy for moderate-to-severe atopic dermatitis, now available to adult patients in the U.S. Soliqua™100/33, first once-daily fixed combination of Lantus [®] and lixisenatide for type-2 diabetes, launched in the U.S. Kevzara™ BLA for the treatment of rheumatoid arthritis granted PDUFA date of May 22, 2017. FDA approval of Xyzal [®] Allergy 24H for OTC use and launch underway ahead of the U.S. spring allergy season. R&D update Regulatory update Regulatory updates since the publication of 2016 full-year results on February 8, 2017 include the following: In April, the FDA approved a new dosing regimen for Praluent [®] of 300 mg administered subcutaneously once monthly (every 4 weeks). In April the European Medicine Agency's (EMA) Committee for Medicinal Products for Human Use (CHMP) granted a positive opinion for the marketing authorization of Kevzara [®] (sarilumab), recommending its approval for use in adult patients with moderately to severely active rheumatoid arthritis. In March, the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) approved Dupixent [®] (dupilumab), the first and only biologic medicine approved for the treatment of adults with moderate-to-severe atopic dermatitis (AD) whose disease is not adequately controlled with topical prescription therapies, or when those therapies are not advisable. Following successful conclusion of Le Trait manufacturing site inspection by FDA, the Kevzara™ (sarilumab) U.S. BLA was accepted in April for the treatment of rheumatoid arthritis with a PDUFA date of May 22, 2017. At the end of April 2017, the R&D pipeline contained 46 pharmaceutical new molecular entities (excluding Life Cycle Management) and vaccine candidates in clinical development of which 13 are in Phase 3 or have been submitted to the regulatory authorities for approval. Portfolio update Phase 4: Top-line results of the ODYSSEY OUTCOMES study on Praluent [®] are now expected to be reported in the first quarter of 2018 based on communications from the independent DSMB (Data and Safety Monitoring Board). Recruitment for this 18,600-patient cardiovascular outcomes trial was completed in November 2015 and the scheduled two-year follow-up of patients is underway. Phase 3: The results of the CAFÉ study evaluating dupilumab in cyclosporine-resistant patients in moderate-to-severe atopic dermatitis were positive and demonstrated an acceptable safety profile. These results will be submitted to the EMA and presented at a scientific Congress. In March, detailed results from the one-year Phase 3 CHRONOS study were presented at the Annual Meeting of the American Academy of Dermatology (AAD). In this study, patients receiving Dupixent [®] with topical corticosteroids (TCS) achieved significantly improved measures of overall disease severity compared to TCS alone in adults with uncontrolled moderate-to-severe AD with a safety profile consistent with previous studies. Phase 2: SP0232 / MEDI8897 (partnership with MedImmune), a monoclonal antibody, entered the portfolio in Phase 2 for the prevention of lower respiratory tract illness in infants caused by respiratory syncytial virus. SAR566658, a maytansin-loaded anti-CA6 monoclonal antibody, entered into Phase 2 for the treatment of triple negative breast cancer. A Phase 2 study was initiated to evaluate isatuximab in acute lymphoblastic leukemia. Phase 1: SAR440181 / MYK491 (collaboration with MyoKardia), for the treatment of dilated cardiomyopathy (DCM1 myosin activation), entered Phase 1. To access the full press release of the 2017 Q1 results, please click here. 2017 guidance Sanofi expects 2017 Business EPS to be stable to -3% at CER, barring unforeseen major adverse events, consistent with its previously announced Strategic Roadmap guidance for the 2016-17 period. Applying the average March 2017 exchange rates to the rest of the year, the currency impact on 2017 Business EPS is estimated to be +3% to +4%. Forward-Looking Statements This press release contains forward-looking statements as defined in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, as amended. Forward-looking statements are statements that are not historical facts. These statements include projections and estimates and their underlying assumptions, statements regarding plans, objectives, intentions and expectations with respect to future financial results, events, operations, services, product development and potential, and statements regarding future performance. Forward-looking statements are generally identified by the words "expects", "anticipates", "believes", "intends", "estimates", "plans" and similar expressions. Although Sanofi's management believes that the expectations reflected in such forward-looking statements are reasonable, investors are cautioned that forward-looking information and statements are subject to various risks and uncertainties, many of which are difficult to predict and generally beyond the control of Sanofi, that could cause actual results and developments to differ materially from those expressed in, or implied or projected by, the forward-looking information and statements. These risks and uncertainties include among other things, the uncertainties inherent in research and development, future clinical data and analysis, including post marketing, decisions by regulatory authorities, such as the FDA or the EMA, regarding whether and when to approve any drug, device or biological application that may be filed for any such product candidates as well as their decisions regarding labelling and other matters that could affect the availability or commercial potential of such product candidates, the absence of guarantee that the product candidates if approved will be commercially successful, the future approval and commercial success of therapeutic alternatives, Sanofi's ability to benefit from external growth opportunities and/or obtain regulatory clearances, risks associated with intellectual property and any related pending or future litigation and the  ultimate outcome of such litigation,  trends in exchange rates and prevailing interest rates, volatile economic conditions, the impact of cost containment initiatives and subsequent changes thereto, the average number of shares outstanding as well as those discussed or identified in the public filings with the SEC and the AMF made by Sanofi, including those listed under "Risk Factors" and "Cautionary Statement Regarding Forward-Looking Statements" in Sanofi's annual report on Form 20-F for the year ended December 31, 2016. Other than as required by applicable law, Sanofi does not undertake any obligation to update or revise any forward-looking information or statements. Media Relations: Ashleigh Koss 908-981-8745 Email: Ashleigh.Koss@sanofi.com Investor Relations: George Grofik +33 (0)1 53 77 45 45 Email: IR@sanofi.com         To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/sanofi-delivers-robust-q1-2017-financial-results-300447941.html SOURCE Sanofi Copyright (C) 2017 PR Newswire. All rights reserved Quote References SNY +0.39 +0.83% Most Popular These Americans will never get Social Security benefits — and we don’t mean millennials It’s harder than you think to spend down your 401(k) account in retirement Dow’s rally from election to Trump’s first 100 days is a postwar record Elon Musk: Self-driving Teslas will go between LA and NYC by the end of the year France's Presidential Election: What You Need to Know MarketWatch Partner Center Sponsored Headlines MarketWatch Site Index Topics Help Feedback Newsroom Roster Media Archive Premium Products Mobile Company Company Info Code of Conduct Corrections Advertising Media Kit Advertise Locally Reprints & Licensing Broker Center Your Ad Choices Dow Jones Network WSJ.com Barron's Online BigCharts Virtual Stock Exchange Financial News London WSJ.com Small Business realtor.com Mansion Global Back to Top Copyright ©2017 MarketWatch, Inc. All rights reserved. By using this site you agree to the Terms of Service, Privacy Policy, and Cookie Policy. Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. Intraday data delayed per exchange requirements. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real time last sale data provided by NASDAQ. More information on NASDAQ traded symbols and their current financial status. Intraday data delayed 15 minutes for Nasdaq, and 20 minutes for other exchanges. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. SEHK intraday data is provided by SIX Financial Information and is at least 60-minutes delayed. All quotes are in local exchange time. Advanced Search Stocks Columns Authors Topics No results found Sanofi ADR U.S.: NYSE: SNY $47.30 +0.39 (+0.83%) Volume 2.2M Open $47.51 High $47.52 Low $46.90 P/E Ratio 23.62 Div Yield 3.33 Market Cap 120.7B
   Follow Sign In press enter to search Home NEWS PULSE MULTIMEDIA MOST VIEWED MOST SHARED news NEWS politics world national city Business SE ASIA COMMUNITY COMMUNITY Youth OPINION OPINION ACADEMIA INTERVIEW JPLUS LIFESTYLE LIFESTYLE ENTERTAINMENT ARTS & CULTURE TECHNOLOGY PEOPLE HEALTH PARENTS FOOD BOOKS TRAVEL TRAVEL News Destinations VIDEO VIDEO VIDEO PHOTO LONGFORM PAPER EDITION PAPER EDITION TODAY'S PAPER JPLUS BALI BUZZ JOBS follow JPLUS     Register/ Sign In Sign In HOME LIFESTYLE entertainment arts & culture technology people health parents food books Video follow JPLUS     Register/ Sign In most viewed Translation more hobby than work for novelist Murakami The lone struggle of Malang mask artists Leaving Downton Abbey wasn’t a curse for Dan Stevens Heineken shows up controversial Pepsi ad Arti Gidwani and Siobhan King: Creating a conversation between ceramics and paintings Health We’re getting closer to mass production of bones, organs, and implants Adam Popescu Bloomberg | Fri, April 28, 2017 | 05:05 pm Shares  share on facebook  share on twitter  share on google plus  share on Linkedin  share on whatsapp  comment  share on email share this article follow Us    Shares  share on facebook  share on twitter  share on google plus  share on Linkedin  share on whatsapp  comment  share on email share this article follow Us    Now a few companies are getting closer to mass production of higher-order tissues (bone, cartilage, organs) and other individually tailored items, including implants. (Shutterstock/File) Medical researchers have been able to create certain kinds of living cells with 3D printers for more than a decade. Now a few companies are getting closer to mass production of higher-order tissues (bone, cartilage, organs) and other individually tailored items, including implants. This kind of precision medicine, treating patients based on their genes, environment, and lifestyle, could herald the end of long organ donor lists and solve other problems, too. Read also: Blood test offers hope for better lung cancer treatment Organovo has successfully transplanted human liver tissue into mice to cure chronic liver failure.(Organovo via Bloomberg/File) Organovo Holdings Inc. Based in San Diego; 120 employees What Organovo has successfully transplanted human liver tissue into mice to cure chronic liver failure. Pending the success of human trials, possible applications include the $3 billion market for inherited conditions such as hemophilia. Who Ten-year-old Organovo, co-founded by bioprinting pioneer Gabor Forgacs, a professor at the University of Missouri, has received more than $100 million in funding for its development of 3D-printed tissues. The company uses bioprinted tissue to test drug toxicity and effectiveness on behalf of Big Pharma companies including Bristol-Myers Squibb Co. and Merck & Co. Next Steps The company says it plans to begin human clinical trials by 2020. It’s also developing printable bone tissue for skeletal disease research and co-developing 3D-printed skin with L’Oréal SA. Read also: Italian court finds link between cell phone use and tumor Aspect prints tissue cells to create structures that resemble parts of the human body, such as an airway or meniscus, to spur easier research on treatments for, say, asthma or muscle tears.(Lavigne Films via Bloomberg/File) Aspect Biosystems Ltd. Based in Vancouver; 15 employees What Aspect prints tissue cells to create structures that resemble parts of the human body, such as an airway or meniscus, to spur easier research on treatments for, say, asthma or muscle tears. By taking muscle cells from a lung, for example, the company built respiratory tissue that responded to common asthma inhalers as a person’s body should. Who Engineering Ph.D. dropout Tamer Mohamed co-founded Aspect in 2013 with nanotechnology and biology experts. They’ve teamed with a Johnson & Johnson subsidiary to work on tissue development with their heavily customized printers. Next Steps The focus of the J&J partnership is a prototype artificial meniscus that could be implanted without the need for more invasive and expensive knee surgeries. The companies haven’t set a timetable for human trials, though Mohamed says he’s hoping to get there in the next few years. Read also: Drinking too much soda may be linked to alzheimer's Materialise designs custom 3D-printable implants, surgical guides, and other medical devices. (Materialise via Bloomberg/File) Materialise NV Based in Leuven, Belgium; 1,400 employees What Materialise designs custom 3D-printable implants, surgical guides, and other medical devices. It’s waiting on approval from the U.S. Food and Drug Administration for implants designed to fuse bones. It’s considering starting the approval process for tracheal splits meant to keep airways open. Who Chief Executive Officer Fried Vancraen founded the $440 million company in 1990 and has joined with companies including Siemens AG and UL LLC to develop or manufacture medical equipment. Sometimes the items are as simple as glasses or custom hearing aids; sometimes they’re individually tailored models of a person’s organ designed to help surgeons spot potential trouble. Next Steps Materialise says a series of forthcoming research papers will strengthen its bone implant case with the FDA. The next hurdle will be persuading health insurers to cover its 3D-printed gear. Tags : Science,technology,3D-printer,health,medical-research follow JPLUS     Comments Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Hot Stories Art & Culture 23 hours ago The lone struggle of Malang mask artists Art & Culture 1 day ago Arti Gidwani and Siobhan King: Creating a conversation between ceramics and paintings People 1 day ago Jeff Bezos is just $5 billion away from being the world's richest person NEWS BUSINESS POLITICS WORLD NATIONAL CITY PAPER EDITION TODAY'S PAPER ACADEMIA INTERVIEW OPINION TRAVEL NEWS DESTINATIONS MULTIMEDIA VIDEO PHOTO LONGFORM LIFE LIFESTYLE ENTERTAINMENT ART & CULTURE TECHNOLOGY PEOPLE HEALTH PARENTS BOOKS SOUTHEAST ASIA JOBS COMMUNITY YOUTH News     TRAVEL   Jobs   Our partners kompas.com tribunnews.com kontan.co.id Asia News Network Catch Asia! Media Network About Cyber Media Guidelines Contact Advertise Paper Subscription © 2017 PT. Niskala Media Tenggara
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 28 April 2017 by DecisionDatabases Global Antibiotics Market Analysis and Revenue Forecast 2017-2022 The report on Global Antibiotics market is the latest addition to the huge database of DecisionDatabases.com. This research study is segmented on the basis of applications, technology, geography, and types. The Report provides a detailed Antibiotics Industry overview along with the analysis of industry’s gross margin, cost structure, consumption value, and sale price. The leading companies of the Antibiotics Market, manufacturers, and distributors are profiled in the report along with the latest Industry development current and future trends. Access the Report and full TOC @ http://www.decisiondatabases.com/ip/12126-antibiotics-sales-industry-market-report This report studies Antibiotics in Global market, especially in North America, Europe, China, Japan, Southeast Asia and India, focuses on top manufacturers in global market, with capacity, production, price, revenue and market share for each manufacturer, covering Pfizer, Novartis, Sanofi, Roche, Merck, GSK, Johnson & Johnson, AstraZeneca, Eli Lilly, AbbVie, Bayer. Market Segment by Regions, this report splits Global into several key Regions, with production, consumption, revenue, market share and growth rate of Antibiotics in these regions, from 2011 to 2021 (forecast), like North America, Europe, China, Japan, Southeast Asia, India. Download Free sample Report @ http://www.decisiondatabases.com/contact/download-sample-12126 Split by product type, with production, revenue, price, market share and growth rate of each type, can be divided into β- lactam, Macrolides, Aminoglycosides, Others. Split by application, this report focuses on consumption, market share and growth rate of Antibiotics in each application can be divided into Clinics, Hospitals, Others. Table of Contents-Snapshot 1 Market Overview 2 Global Market Competition by Manufacturers 3 Global Production, Revenue (Value) by Region (2011-2016) 4 Global Supply (Production), Consumption, Export, Import by Regions (2011-2016) 5 Global Production, Revenue (Value), Price Trend by Type 6 Global Market Analysis by Application 7 Global Manufacturers Profiles/Analysis 8 Manufacturing Cost Analysis 9 Industrial Chain, Sourcing Strategy and Downstream Buyers 10 Marketing Strategy Analysis, Distributors/Traders 11 Market Effect Factors Analysis 12 Global Market Forecast (2016-2021) 13 Research Findings and Conclusion 14 Appendix Purchase a copy of Report @ http://www.decisiondatabases.com/contact/buy-now-12126 View Related Reports @ Global Tigecycline Industry 2016 Market Research Report Global Caffeine Industry Report 2015 About Us: DecisionDatabases.com is a global business research reports provider, enriching decision makers and strategists with qualitative statistics. DecisionDatabases.com is proficient in providing syndicated research Report, customized research reports, company profiles and industry databases across multiple domains. Our expert research analysts have been trained to map client’s research requirements to the correct research resource leading to a distinctive edge over its competitors. We provide intellectual, precise and meaningful data at a lightning speed. For More Details: DecisionDatabases.com E-Mail: sales@decisiondatabases.com Phone: +91 99 28 237112 Web: www.decisiondatabases.com/ CategoriesGoogle News, satPRnews, Space TagsAntibiotics Industry Analysis, Antibiotics Industry Share, Antibiotics Market, Antibiotics Market Forecasts Report, Antibiotics Market Growth, Antibiotics Market Latest Trends, Antibiotics Market Outlook, Antibiotics Market Report, Antibiotics Market Research Report, Global Antibiotics Market, Healthcare, Pharmaceuticals Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Riot Control Equipment Industry: Global Capacity, Production, Sales, and Revenue Next PostNext Connected Enterprise Market Is Expected To Witness Significant Growth Due To Surge In Technological Advancements Till 2025: Grand View Research, Inc Search Recent Posts Text Deliver 2 – A New SMS Revolution Platform That Helps Users Create And Manage Their Text Messages Campaigns Video Overplay Allows Users To Create Stunning Lead Capture Forms That Display Inside Their Videos Email List Secrets Offers Useful Lessons To Help Users Understand About Email Marketing Mods4cars SmartTOP Add-on Soft Top Control is Now Available for Ferrari 458 Spider Intro Video Creator assists users to create amazing Animated Logo Videos in Seconds. Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 28 April 2017 by DecisionDatabases Animal Antibiotics Market 2017: Global Industry Outlook – Zoetis, Elanco, Merck Animal Health, Merial, Bayer Animal Health The report on Animal Antibiotics market is the latest addition to the huge database of DecisionDatabases.com. This research study is segmented on the basis of applications, technology, geography, and types. The Report provides a detailed Animal Antibiotics Industry overview along with the analysis of industry’s gross margin, cost structure, consumption value, and sale price. The leading companies of the Animal Antibiotics Market, manufacturers, and distributors are profiled in the report along with the latest Industry development current and future trends. Access the Report and full TOC @ http://www.decisiondatabases.com/ip/12180-animal-antibiotics-industry-market-report Geographically, this report is segmented into several key Regions, with production, consumption, revenue (million USD), market share and growth rate of Animal Antibiotics in these regions, from 2012 to 2022 (forecast), covering North America, Europe, China, Japan, Southeast Asia, India. Global Animal Antibiotics market competition by top manufacturers, with production, price, revenue (value) and market share for each manufacturer; the top players including Zoetis, Elanco, Merck Animal Health, Merial, Bayer Animal Health, Virbac, Ceva, Boehringer Ingelheim, Vetoquinol, Phibro Animal Health, NCPC, LKPC. Download Free sample Report @ http://www.decisiondatabases.com/contact/download-sample-12180 On the basis on the end users/applications, this report focuses on the status and outlook for major applications/end users, consumption (sales), market share and growth rate of Animal Antibiotics for each application, including Poultry, Livestock, Other. Table of Contents-Snapshot 1 Market Overview 2 Global Market Competition by Manufacturers 3 Global Production, Revenue (Value) by Region (2011-2016) 4 Global Supply (Production), Consumption, Export, Import by Regions (2011-2016) 5 Global Production, Revenue (Value), Price Trend by Type 6 Global Market Analysis by Application 7 Global Manufacturers Profiles/Analysis 8 Manufacturing Cost Analysis 9 Industrial Chain, Sourcing Strategy and Downstream Buyers 10 Marketing Strategy Analysis, Distributors/Traders 11 Market Effect Factors Analysis 12 Global Market Forecast (2016-2021) 13 Research Findings and Conclusion 14 Appendix Purchase a copy of Report @ http://www.decisiondatabases.com/contact/buy-now-12180 View Related Reports @ Global Tigecycline Industry 2016 Market Research Report Global Caffeine Industry Report 2015 About Us: DecisionDatabases.com is a global business research reports provider, enriching decision makers and strategists with qualitative statistics. DecisionDatabases.com is proficient in providing syndicated research Report, customized research reports, company profiles and industry databases across multiple domains. Our expert research analysts have been trained to map client’s research requirements to the correct research resource leading to a distinctive edge over its competitors. We provide intellectual, precise and meaningful data at a lightning speed. For More Details: DecisionDatabases.com E-Mail: sales@decisiondatabases.com Phone: +91 99 28 237112 Web: www.decisiondatabases.com/ CategoriesGoogle News, satPRnews TagsAnimal Antibiotics Industry Analysis, Animal Antibiotics Industry Share, Animal Antibiotics Market, Animal Antibiotics Market Forecasts Report, Animal Antibiotics Market Growth, Animal Antibiotics Market Latest Trends, Animal Antibiotics Market Outlook, Animal Antibiotics Market Report, Animal Antibiotics Market Research Report, Global Animal Antibiotics Market, Healthcare, Pharmaceutical, Pharmaceuticals Post navigation Previous PostPrevious WARRANTTEJA PÖRSSILISTALLE 2.5.2017 Next PostNext Elsevier and Thai Academic Consortium Collaborate to Boost Research Capabilities and Performance of 35 Local Universities Ahead of Thailand 4.0 Search Recent Posts Global and Chinese Fiber Sensor Interrogating Module Industry Driven by Successful Market & Regional Trends for the Forecast Period of 2017-2022 SHAREHOLDER ALERT: Faruqi & Faruqi, LLP Encourages Investors Who Suffered Losses Investing In TherapeuticsMD, Inc. To Contact The Firm NuShares ETFs Declare Distributions This Week’s Road Work In Northeast Missouri The Insight Partners: Global Busway Market is expected to reach US$ 10.81 billion by 2025 Proudly powered by WordPress
X Edition: United States Business Business Home Legal Deals Aerospace & Defense Finance Autos Reuters Summits ADventures Data Dive Markets Markets Home U.S. Markets European Markets Asian Markets Global Market Data Stocks Bonds Currencies Commodities Futures Funds Earnings Dividends World World Home U.S. Special Reports Reuters Investigates Euro Zone Middle East China Japan Mexico Brazil Africa Russia India Politics Politics Home Polling Explorer Live: Trump's First 100 Days Supreme Court Tech Technology Home Science Top 100 Global Innovators Media Environment Innovation Commentary Commentary Home Podcasts Breakingviews Breakingviews Home Breakingviews Video Money Money Home Retirement Lipper Awards Analyst Research Stock Screener Fund Screener Life Health Sports Arts Entertainment Oddly Enough Pictures Pictures Home The Wider Image Photographers Focus 360 Video Merck KGaA says dominance in liquid crystals could be at risk Africa América Latina عربي Argentina Brasil Canada 中国 Deutschland España France India Italia 日本 México РОССИЯ United Kingdom United States Market News | Fri Apr 28, 2017 | 4:51am EDT Merck KGaA says dominance in liquid crystals could be at risk FRANKFURT, April 28 Germany's Merck KGaA , the world's largest maker of liquid crystals for flat screens, cautioned that its dominance of that market could erode over time, making the case for more investments into newer OLED display technologies. "We know ... that our market shares in recent years were very high. At the present time we cannot rule out a further normalization. We will therefore forge ahead with new technologies in all four business units, for instance OLED," Chief Executive Stefan Oschmann told shareholders at the annual general meeting on Friday. Merck commands about 60 percent of the liquid crystals, with Japanese companies JNC Corp. and DIC Corp as runners-up, and the technology is a major profit driver for the diversified German group, which also makes pharmaceuticals and supplies for labs and bioreactors. For now, an ongoing recovery in the display market should have a positive effect on the liquid crystals business, the CEO added. (Reporting by Ludwig Burger; Editing by Arno Schuetze) Our Standards: The Thomson Reuters Trust Principles Next In Market News BRIEF-MX gold says it paid additional $425,000 to American Metal Mining * MX Gold Corp. Continues to earn interest in durango smelter project in Mexico BRIEF-Hometown Bankshares reports Q1 earnings per share $0.13 * Hometown bankshares corporation reports continued, strong market share growth for first quarter MORE FROM REUTERS Sponsored Content From Around the WebPromoted by Revcontent Trending Stories Pictures Photos of the week Sponsored Topics X Follow Reuters: Follow Us On Twitter Follow Us On Facebook Follow Us On RSS Follow Us On Instagram Follow Us On YouTube Follow Us On LinkedIn Subscribe: Feeds | Newsletters | Podcasts | Apps Reuters News Agency | Brand Attribution Guidelines | Careers Reuters is the news and media division of Thomson Reuters. Thomson Reuters is the world's largest international multimedia news agency, providing investing news, world news, business news, technology news, headline news, small business news, news alerts, personal finance, stock market, and mutual funds information available on Reuters.com, video, mobile, and interactive television platforms. Learn more about Thomson Reuters products: Eikon Information, analytics and exclusive news on financial markets - delivered in an intuitive desktop and mobile interface Elektron Everything you need to empower your workflow and enhance your enterprise data management World-Check Screen for heightened risk individual and entities globally to help uncover hidden risks in business relationships and human networks Westlaw Build the strongest argument relying on authoritative content, attorney-editor expertise, and industry defining technology ONESOURCE The most comprehensive solution to manage all your complex and ever-expanding tax and compliance needs CHECKPOINT The industry leader for online information for tax, accounting and finance professionals All quotes delayed a minimum of 15 minutes. See here for a complete list of exchanges and delays. Site Feedback Corrections Advertising Guidelines Cookies Terms of Use Privacy Policy
Post Profile for Your Business      Submit Press Release Join Now     Sign In   Businesses Articles Press Releases   Business Directory Products & Services Jobs Recent Press Releases Press Release Pricing Submit Press Release Businesses Products & Services Products Services Press Releases Jobs Press Release Pricing | News by Category | News by Country | News by US Region | Recent News | PR.com News on Your Site   Press Releases   iHealthcareAnalyst, Inc. Press Release Receive press releases from iHealthcareAnalyst, Inc.: By Email RSS Feeds: Global Nanotechnology Drug Delivery Systems Market by Technologies, Applications, Growth Trends and Forecast to 2021, New Report by iHealthcareAnalyst, Inc. Nanotechnology Drug Delivery Systems Market by Technology Types (Nanocrystals, Nanoparticles, Dendrimers, Gold Nanoparticles, Fullerenes, Liposomes, Micelles, Nanotubes), and Applications (Anti-Infective, Anti-Inflammatory, Immunology, Cardiovascular, Physiology, Neurology, Oncology) and Forecast 2017-2021 Maryland Heights, MO, April 28, 2017 --(PR.com)-- Nanotechnology drug delivery systems involve the engineering of functional systems at the molecular scale, characterized by unique physical, optical and electronic features. Nanomedicine is a highly specific medical intervention for the prevention, diagnosis and treatment of diseases. Several anti-cancer drugs including paclitaxel, doxorubicin, 5-fluorouracil and dexamethasone have been successfully formulated using nanomaterials. Quantom dots, chitosan, Polylactic or glycolic acid (PLGA) and PLGA-based nanoparticles have also been used for in vitro RNAi delivery. The ability of nanotechnology to provide targeted drug delivery, improved solubility, extended half-life and reduce a drug’s immunogenicity has resulted in the potential to revolutionize the treatment of many diseases. Over the last two decades, significant progress has been made in the field of nanomedicine, resulting in a number of products, including therapeutics and imaging agents, enabling more effective and less toxic therapeutic and diagnostic interventions Browse Nanotechnology Drug Delivery Systems Market by Technology Types (Nanocrystals, Nanoparticles, Dendrimers, Gold Nanoparticles, Fullerenes, Liposomes, Micelles, Nanotubes), and Applications (Anti-Infective, Anti-Inflammatory, Immunology, Cardiovascular, Physiology, Neurology, Oncology) and Forecast 2017-2021 at https://www.ihealthcareanalyst.com/report/nanotechnology-drug-delivery-systems-market/ The global nanotechnology drug delivery systems market segmentation is based on technology types (nanocrystals, nanoparticles, dendrimers, gold nanoparticles, fullerenes, liposomes, micelles, nanotubes), and its applications (anti-infective, anti-inflammatory, immunology, cardiovascular, physiology, neurology, oncology). The global nanotechnology drug delivery systems market report provides market size (Revenue USD Million 2014 to 2021), market share and forecasts growth trends (CAGR%, 2017 to 2021). The global nanotechnology drug delivery systems market report also provides the detailed market landscape (market drivers, restraints, opportunities), market attractiveness analysis and profiles of major competitors in the global market including company overview, financial snapshot, key products, technologies and services offered, and recent developments. The global nanotechnology drug delivery systems market research report is further segmented by geography into North America (U.S., Canada), Latin America (Brazil, Mexico, Rest of LA), Europe (U.K., Germany, France, Italy, Spain, Rest of EU), Asia Pacific (Japan, China, India, Rest of APAC), and Rest of the World. Major players operating in the global nanotechnology drug delivery systems market and included in this report are AbbVie, Amgen, Celgene Corporation, Elan Pharmaceuticals, Johnson & Johnson, Pfizer, Inc., Merck & Co., Novartis AG, and Teva Pharmaceuticals. 1. Technology 1.1. Nanocrystals 1.2. Nanoparticles 1.3. Dendrimers 1.4. Gold Nanoparticles 1.5. Fullerenes 1.6. Liposomes 1.7. Micelles 1.8. Nanotubes 1.9. Others 2. Application 2.1. Anti-infective 2.2. Anti-inflammatory/Immunology 2.3. Cardiovascular/Physiology 2.4. Neurology 2.5. Oncology 2.6. Others 3. Geography (Region, Country) 3.1. North America (U.S., Canada) 3.2. Latin America (Brazil, Mexico, Rest of LA) 3.3. Europe (U.K., Germany, France, Italy, Spain, Rest of EU) 3.4. Asia Pacific (Japan, China, India, Rest of APAC) 3.5. Rest of the World 4. Company Profiles 4.1. AbbVie, Inc. 4.2. Amgen Inc. 4.3. Celgene Corporation 4.4. Johnson & Johnson 4.5. Merck & Co., Inc. 4.6. Novartis International AG 4.7. Perrigo Company plc 4.8. Pfizer, Inc. 4.9. Teva Pharmaceutical Industries Ltd. To request Table of Contents and Sample Pages of this report visit: https://www.ihealthcareanalyst.com/report/nanotechnology-drug-delivery-systems-market/ About Us iHealthcareAnalyst, Inc. is a global healthcare market research and consulting company providing market analysis, and competitive intelligence services to global clients. The company publishes syndicate, custom and consulting grade healthcare reports covering animal healthcare, biotechnology, clinical diagnostics, healthcare informatics, healthcare services, medical devices, medical equipment, and pharmaceuticals. In addition to multi-client studies, we offer creative consulting services and conduct proprietary single-client assignments targeted at client’s specific business objectives, information needs, time frame and budget. Please contact us to receive a proposal for a proprietary single-client study. Contact Us iHealthcareAnalyst, Inc. 2109, Mckelvey Hill Drive, Maryland Heights, MO 63043 United States Email: sales@ihealthcareanalyst.com Website: https://www.ihealthcareanalyst.com Contact Information iHealthcareAnalyst, Inc. Ana Aitawa (314) 500-7508 Contact https://www.ihealthcareanalyst.com/ Click here to view the list of recent Press Releases from iHealthcareAnalyst, Inc. Promote Your Business Affiliate Program Link To Us Email this page to a friend PR.com Contact Us About Us Terms of Use Help
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 29 April 2017 by Arun Patil Global Single-Use Bioprocessing System Market 2017-2021 is anticipated to Increase at a Significant CAGR of 7.83%- Drivers, Challenges, Trends, Shares Global Single-Use Bioprocessing System Market report provide emerging opportunities in the market and the future impact of major drivers and challenges and, support decision makers in making cost-effective business decisions. The market report assesses key opportunities in the market and outlines the factors that are and will be driving the growth of the Single-Use Bioprocessing System industry. The Single-Use Bioprocessing System Market is anticipated to increase at a significant CAGR of 7.83% during the years 2017-2021. Single-Use Bioprocessing System Market Report Covered: Emerging market trends, market dynamics, industry structure and developments, market share assessments for the regional and country level segments, Single-Use Bioprocessing System market report includes segmentation (By Type, By Applications, By End-Users, & More), key market players, and strategies in the market, detailed value chain analysis and review of growth factors essential for the existing market players and new entrants. Get Sample PDF of Single-Use Bioprocessing System Market Report @ http://www.360marketupdates.com/enquiry/request-sample/10610964 The single-use bioprocessing systems market is rapidly evolving. It focuses on developing disposable bioprocessing equipment and accessories for manufacturing of biopharmaceutical products. Bioprocess is a technique that produces biological materials such as a genetically engineered microbial strain for commercial use. Single-Use Bioprocessing System Market Segmentation by: Product Type:  Bags and mixers, Bioreactors and fermenters, Filtration devices and sampling systems, Bioprocess containers, Tubing systems (connectors/pipes), Others. Applications:  mAB production, Vaccine production, Plant cell cultivation, PSCTs, Others. End-Users:  Pharmaceutical companies, CROs & CMOs, Biotechnology companies, Academic and research institutions. Geographical Regions: Americas, APAC, EMEA. The Single-Use Bioprocessing System market report analyses the market potential for each geographical region based on the growth rate, macroeconomic parameters, consumer buying patterns, demand and present scenarios in Single-Use Bioprocessing System industry. Key Vendors:  Danaher, GE Healthcare, Merck, Sartorius, Thermo Fisher Scientific, and many more. The Single-Use Bioprocessing System Market report includes company share analysis for the major companies operating in this market by major regions. Browse Detailed Information on Global Single-Use Bioprocessing System Market Report @ http://www.360marketupdates.com/10610964 The Single-Use Bioprocessing System Market report delivers detailed study on the major drivers and challenges with respect to regions, key players & their impact. Drivers:  Single-use technology (SUT) combats global drug shortage problem. Challenges: Risk of leachables and extractables from plastics used in disposable systems, Trends:  Increasing adoption of single-use bioprocessing in pre-clinical and commercial stage, Emergence of downstream disposables, SUT aiding continuous bioprocessing. Price of Report: $3500 (Single User License) Get Full Access @ https://www.360marketupdates.com/purchase/10610964 The Single-Use Bioprocessing System market report highlight the economy, past and emerging trend of industry, and availability of basic resources. Furthermore, the Single-Use Bioprocessing System market report explains development trend, analysis of upstream raw materials, downstream demand, and current market dynamics is also carried out. In the end, the report makes some important proposals for a new project of Single-Use Bioprocessing System industry before evaluating its possibility. CategoriesGoogle News, Satellite, satPRnews TagsSingle-Use Bioprocessing System Industry, Single-Use Bioprocessing System Industry Growth, Single-Use Bioprocessing System Market, Single-Use Bioprocessing System Market Analysis, Single-Use Bioprocessing System Market forecast, Single-Use Bioprocessing System Market Growth, Single-Use Bioprocessing System Market Research, Single-Use Bioprocessing System Market Shares, Single-Use Bioprocessing System Market Trends Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Rutgers Offering CSR Certificate Program (Corporate Social Responsibility) This Spring Next PostNext Centric Financial Corporation Surpasses $500 Million in Assets, Achieves 80% Increase in Organic Loan Growth with Strong First Quarter 2017 Results Search Recent Posts II-17-019: NRC Schedules Open House to Discuss Mixed Oxide Facility Performance II-17-023: NRC Schedules Public Meeting to Discuss Safety Performance of NFS Erwin Facility I-17-010: NRC to Conduct Public Meeting to Discuss 2016 Performance of Ginna Nuclear Power Plant I-17-011: NRC to Hold Open House on 2016 Performance of Nine Mile Point, FitzPatrick Nuclear Power Plants III-17-006: NRC to Conduct Open House to Discuss 2016 Performance of Braidwood Nuclear Power Plant Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 28 April 2017 by Maciej Heyman Bioburden Testing Market : Analysis & Trends 2023 Bioburden is defined as the number in terms of percentage, colony or cell count of bacteria that thrive on a given unsterilized surface. Bioburden testing, also known as microbial limit testing provides quantification of the bacterial cell cultures on a given unsterilized surface. The major application of bioburden testing lies in implant fixation procedures that require testing ofcertain tolerable bioburden limit before implantation in the human body. The standard for bioburden testing in the US is regulated by the US FDA, whereas global standards are maintained by the ISO (International Organization for Standardization). The quantification for the standardization process is done in terms of colony forming unit (CFU). Bioburden testing is essential in limiting the presence of infection causing bacteria in an object that is to be integrated into a human body as an implant. The testing is important to eliminate the presence of bacterial residue and growth in any object present in natural state. In addition it is almost impossible to remove bacterial residue permanently in an object that is liable to be exposed to open air. Hence sterilization process is performed on an implant object or a device post understanding the bioburden limit. This helps to select the appropriate sterilization technique in order to remove the bacterial burden just prior to the medical (Or other related) procedure. Bioburden testing has therefore saved numerous lives. Based on technology, bioburden testing is segmented into microbial filter method, advanced colorimetric method, and plate count method. Among these, microbial filter method is the most commonly used method for bioburden testing procedures. The plate count method is among the oldest methods for bioburden testing, however is not used regularly on a large scale commercial basis due to its time consuming procedure. Advanced colorimetric method is presently the most promising and widely used bioburden testing technology. The congregation of colometer and computational capabilities has enabled advanced colometric methods to deliver quick results of quantifying bioburden. Based on equipment, bioburden testing market can be segmented into PCR (polymerase chain reaction) instruments, cell counters, and automated microbial identification systems that are software integrated. Application segment for bioburden testing includes healthcare, aerospace (satellite production & development), supercomputer (super- microprocessor manufacturing) designing, and others (raw material, equipment cleaning, food & beverage). The healthcare industry is the largest application area of bioburden testing. Browse full report on Bioburden Testing Market- www.transparencymarketresearch.com/bioburden-testing-mark… Geographically, the bioburden testing market is primarily concentrated in the North America and Asia Pacific region. The demand for bioburden testing in the Asia Pacific region is expected to grow, and very likely to replace the North America market soon. Australia, Japan, and China form the largest markets in the Asia Pacific region. South Asia and South East Asia on the other hand show great potential in terms of life sciences and raw material applications; although at present a majority of the growing bioburden testing market consists of life science applications. Besides this, a large number of contract manufacturers reside in the Asia Pacific region. On the other hand, European industries continue to remain a strong point in the global bioburden testing market mainly due to the high quality of products services offered, presence of numerous quality manufacturers and their increased reliability. However certain significant restrictions for bioburden testing remains valid in the European and North American region, such as dearth of trained technicians, overwhelming volume of service demand, and high cost of services, to name a few. The bio-burden testing market in the Rest of the World (ROW) region is expected to grow at a steady rate, albeit slower than the major economies of the world. Some of the well known manufacturers/service providers of bioburden testing equipment/service include: Charles River Laboratories International, Inc., Sigma-Aldrich Corporation, SGS S.A., WuXi PharmaTech (Cayman), and Inc., Merck & Co., Inc., Becton, Dickinson and Company, North American Science Associates, Inc., Nelson Laboratories, Pacific Biolabs, and ATS Labs, Inc. This research report analyzes this market on the basis of its market segments, major geographies, and current market trends. Geographies analyzed under this research report include North America Asia Pacific Europe Middle East and Africa Latin America This report provides comprehensive analysis of Market growth drivers Factors limiting market growth Current market trends Market structure Market projections for upcoming years Request for brochure of this report – www.transparencymarketresearch.com/sample/sample.php?flag… About Us Transparency Market Research (TMR) is a market intelligence company, providing global business information reports and services. Our exclusive blend of quantitative forecasting and trends analysis provides forward-looking insight for thousands of decision makers. TMR’s experienced team of analysts, researchers, and consultants, use proprietary data sources and various tools and techniques to gather, and analyze information. Our business offerings represent the latest and the most reliable information indispensable for businesses to sustain a competitive edge. US Office Contact 90 State Street, Suite 700 Albany, NY 12207 Tel: +1-518-618-1030 USA – Canada Toll Free: 866-552-3453 Email: sales@transparencymarketresearch.com Website: www.transparencymarketresearch.com This release was published on openPR. CategoriesUncategorized TagsHealth & Medicine Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Fibrin Glue Market: Market Trends and Key Developments Next PostNext Institute of Trading and Portfolio Management hires former Goldman Sachs Managing Director David Perlin as Senior Trading Mentor Search Recent Posts Forum Merger Corporation Class A Common Stock, Warrants and Rights to Commence Trading Separately on May 2, 2017 Two Day International Payments Course (Dubai, United Arab Emirates – September 12-13, 2017) – Research and Markets PHH Corporation Announces Agreement with EJF Capital Susan G. Komen® Urges Breast Cancer Advocates to Oppose MacArthur Amendment to American Health Care Act Marrone Bio Innovations, Inc. Closes $9.2 Million Public Offering of Common Stock with Full Exercise of over-Allotment Option Proudly powered by WordPress
Latest News Dow 20,941 -40.82 -0.19% Nasdaq 6,048 -1.33 -0.02% S&P 500 2,384 -4.57 -0.19% 1:28 A.M. ET Updated Dow’s rally from election to Trump’s first 100 days is a postwar record 1:27 A.M. ET How Trump’s stock market ranks on his 100th day in office 4/28 Updated How Trump’s stock market ranks as he nears his 100th day in office 4/28 Film and TV writers: Here’s how to prepare financially for a strike 4/28 Updated Jack Dorsey buys $9.5 million in Twitter stock while continuing to sell Square 4/28 The first human head transplant may happen this year 4/28 GoPro stock plummets 8% to seventh-lowest close 4/28 Updated Inside the executive order that would’ve yanked the U.S. out of Nafta 4/28 Newly Developed Device Creates Water From Dry Air 4/28 Trump Calls Warren 'Pocahontas' and Affirms Commitment to NRA 4/28 How Apple and Tesla want California to change proposed self-driving car rules 4/28 Anxiety Disorder: Is There an Escape? 4/28 Bush chief of staff Card says Trump might want to bite his tongue on occasion 4/28 Is inflation hotter than the market will admit? Bond panel can’t quite agree 4/28 North Korea's latest ballistic missile launch failed: report 4/28 Updated This city has the most millionaire CEOs 4/28 Updated The Latest Status Symbol? Metal Credit Cards 4/28 Fitbit: 'External forces' caused alleged Flex 2 explosion 4/28 'Rich Dad' author Robert Kiyosaki on how to get rich in real estate 4/28 Apple asks California regulators to change self-driving car policy: Report Log In Home News Viewer Video SectorWatch Podcasts First Take Games Portfolio My MarketWatch News Viewer Markets U.S. Europe/Middle East Emerging Markets Asia Canada SectorWatch Columns Market Snapshot Movers & Shakers The Tell Currencies Futures Movers Pre-Market News Tools Earnings Wall Markets Overview IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar Currency Tools Futures Contracts Market Screener Hulbert Interactive Investing Stocks Mutual Funds ETFs Options Bonds Commodities Currencies Futures Financial Adviser Center Hedge Funds/Insider Trades Getting Started MarketWatch Adviser Columns Options Trader Revolution Investing Tools Stock Screener Funds Finder ETF Screener Options Screener IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar More... Personal Finance 10 Things Big Spender Real Estate Spending & Saving Taxes Columns The Moneyologist Brett Arends Bill Bischoff Amy Hoak Chuck Jaffe Jennifer Openshaw Jennifer Waters Tools Funds Finder Today's Rates Retirement Retire Here, Not There Encore Taxes How-to Guides Social Security Estate Planning Events Columns Robert Powell's Retirement Portfolio Andrea Coombes's Working Retirement Tools Retirement Planner How long will my money last? Economy Federal Reserve Capitol Report Economic Report Columns Darrell Delamaide Irwin Kellner Rex Nutting Tools Economic Calendar Real Estate Location Scouts realtor.com My MarketWatch Watchlist Alerts Games Log In Home Press Release Hamilton Thorne Announces the Acquisition of Gynemed GmbH & Co. KG and Related Financing Transactions By Published: Apr 28, 2017 2:33 p.m. ET Share BEVERLY, MASSACHUSETTS and TORONTO, ONTARIO, Apr 28, 2017 (Marketwired via COMTEX) -- Significantly expands product offerings and presence in a key European market Transaction is expected to be materially accretive to revenue and EBITDA BEVERLY, MASSACHUSETTS and TORONTO, ONTARIO--(Marketwired - April 28, 2017) - Hamilton Thorne Ltd. (HTL) ("Hamilton Thorne" or the "Company"), a leading provider of precision instruments, consumables, software and services to the Assisted Reproductive Technologies (ART) and developmental biology research markets today announced that it has completed the acquisition of Gynemed GmbH & Co. KG ("Gynemed") for total consideration of Euro 13.9 million (approximately US$15.1 million) (the "Transaction"). Gynemed, based in Lensahn, Germany is a leading manufacturer and distributor of consumables and equipment for the in vitro fertilization ("IVF") clinic and laboratory markets. The Transaction results in the significant expansion of Hamilton Thorne's product offerings and provides the Company with profitable operations in the well-established European ART market. For the year ended December 31, 2016, Gynemed had revenues of approximately Euro 8.8 million (approximately US$9.6 million), net income of approximately Euro 2.2 million (approximately US$2.4 million) and EBITDA of approximately Euro 2.6 million (approximately US$2.8 million). Key Benefits of the Transaction: Addition of a profitable portfolio of premium products that are highly complementary to Hamilton Thorne's existing product and service offerings Expected to be materially accretive to revenue and EBITDA Diversifies and increases product offerings and recurring revenue Opportunity to expand Gynemed product offerings into additional international markets and to increase European sales of existing Hamilton Thorne products Financed through the expansion of an existing credit facility and an equity offering "We are excited to welcome our new partners from Gynemed to the Hamilton Thorne family. This transformative acquisition significantly enhances the size of our business and provides a new platform for continued growth of our business," said David Wolf, President and Chief Executive Officer of Hamilton Thorne. "Gynemed is a well-established and respected provider of premium clinical and laboratory consumables and equipment in the European ART market that importantly shares our total commitment to the highest standards in customer service and quality. I am particularly excited that all of Gynemed's current employees and leadership team will continue to operate and lead the growth of the existing Gynemed business and collaborate with our existing Hamilton Thorne team on several new avenues of growth for our combined operations. This acquisition enhances our presence in the very attractive European ART market, further diversifies our revenue base and increases our percentage of recurring revenues through the sale of consumable products, including Gynemed's IVF cell culture media solutions." Dr. Fabian Sell, CEO of Gynemed commented, "My co-founders and I founded Gynemed 20 years ago to provide premium products backed by the highest quality scientific data. We are very pleased to be joining Hamilton Thorne who shares our belief in quality and service. We believe that the combination of the businesses can significantly accelerate the growth of both the Hamilton Thorne and Gynemed operations around the world. The management and board of Hamilton Thorne have been strong partners during this process and we look forward to the future of the combined Company." Acquisition Details Pursuant to the Transaction, Hamilton Thorne indirectly acquired 100% of the partnership interests of Gynemed and its general partner under the terms and conditions of share purchase and transfer agreement (the "Purchase Agreement") dated April 28, 2017 between a wholly owned subsidiary of the Hamilton Thorne, Gynemed's general partner and the limited partners and shareholders of Gynemed and its general partner (the "Sellers"). On closing, Hamilton Thorne paid aggregate consideration of approximately Euro 13.9 million (approximately US$15.1 million). The consideration consisted of approximately Euro 8.6 million (approximately US$9.3 million) in cash, the issuance of an aggregate of 5,525,523 common shares (the "Seller Shares") of Hamilton Thorne at a deemed issuance price of C$0.57 per share with a deemed aggregate value of approximately Euro 2.1 million (approximately US$2.3 million), and the issuance of 3 year, unsecured convertible debentures of Hamilton Thorne in the principal amount of approximately Euro 3.2 million (approximately US$3.5 million) (the "Debentures"). The Debentures will accrue interest at a rate of 4.25% per annum and are convertible, at the option of the holder, into common shares of Hamilton Thorne ("Conversion Shares") at a conversion price equal to the Euro equivalent of C$0.63 per Conversion Share based on a staged, 3-year optional conversion schedule (with 20%, 25% and 55%, respectively, of the outstanding principal amount of Debentures becoming convertible on each anniversary of the closing, subject to acceleration in certain circumstances). The Seller Shares will be subject to a 1-year escrow pending final calculation of certain closing adjustments and to satisfy any possible indemnity claims. The seller was advised by Dr. Claus Michelfelder of CMC Medical AG. Concurrent Financing Details The aggregate cash component of this transaction was financed with the Company's cash on hand, an expanded secured credit facility from our existing senior lender Middlesex Savings Bank and through brokered and non-brokered private placements of common shares of Hamilton Thorne ("Offered Shares) at a price of C$0.54 per Offered Share for aggregate gross proceeds of C$12.5 million (approximately US$9.2 million) (the "Private Placement"). The expanded credit facility includes a new term loan of US$4.0 million (the "Term Loan"). The Term Loan bears interest at a rate of 4.49% per annum, amortizes over the life of the loan, and matures five years from the closing date. This Term Loan augments Hamilton Thorne's existing US$5.5 million term loan put in place to finance the acquisition of Embryotech Laboratories, Inc. (approximately US$5.0 of which is currently outstanding) and the Company's US$2.5 million line of credit (approximately US$1.3 million of which was outstanding as of closing).  The Private Placement included the issuance of an aggregate of 15,774,068 Offered Shares (approximately C$8.5 million) on a best efforts agency basis (the "Brokered Private Placement") and an aggregate of 7,374,073 Offered Shares (approximately C$4.0 million) on a non-brokered basis (the "Concurrent Private Placement"). Bloom Burton Securities Inc. ("Bloom Burton") acted as financial advisor of Hamilton Thorne in connection with the Transaction and acted as sole agent in connection with the Brokered Private Placement. In connection with the Brokered Private Placement, the Agent received a total cash commission of $583,029.77 and 1,079,684 non-transferable broker warrants ("Broker Warrants"). Each broker warrant is exercisable for a period of 12 months into one common share of Hamilton Thorne at a price of C$0.54 per common share. The net proceeds were used by Hamilton Thorne to fund a portion of the cash component of the purchase price for the Transaction, and will be used for working capital and general corporate purposes and to fund potential future acquisitions. All securities issued under the Private Placement and the Transaction will be subject to a four month hold period from the closing date under applicable Canadian securities laws. The Private Placement is subject to receipt of final acceptance from the TSX Venture Exchange. Related Party Transaction An aggregate of 2,600,000 Offered Shares representing gross proceeds of approximately C$1,404,000 were issued to certain "related parties" (as such term is defined in Multilateral Instrument 61-101 - Protection of Minority Security Holders in Special Transactions ("MI 61-101")) to the Company pursuant to the Non-Brokered Private Placement. In accordance with MI 61-101, such related party subscriptions constitute a "related party transaction." The Company is exempt from the formal valuation requirement of MI 61-101 in connection with the related party subscriptions in reliance on section 5.5(b) of MI 61-101, as no securities of the Company are listed or quoted for trading on the Toronto Stock Exchange, the New York Stock Exchange, the American Stock Exchange, the NASDAQ stock market or any other stock exchange outside of Canada and the United States. Additionally, the Company is exempt from obtaining minority shareholder approval in connection with the related party subscriptions in reliance on section 5.7(1)(a) of MI 61-101, as the aggregate value of the related party subscriptions does not exceed 25% of the market capitalization of the Company. Due to the expedited timeline of the Transaction and the Private Placement, there will be less than 21 days between the date the Company files its material change report in respect of the Private Placement and the Transaction and the completion date of the Private Placement. Option Grant The Company also announced that it has granted a total of 550,000 stock options to Gynemed's employees to purchase common shares pursuant to the Company's incentive stock option plan. The options are exercisable at Cdn$0.63 per share, and expire ten years from the date of grant. Grants to employees vest over four years. About Hamilton Thorne Ltd. (www.hamiltonthorne.com) Hamilton Thorne is a leading world-wide provider of precision instruments, consumables, software and services that reduce cost, increase productivity, improve results and enable breakthroughs in Assisted Reproductive Technologies (ART) and developmental biology research markets. Hamilton Thorne's laser products attach to standard inverted microscopes and operate as micro-surgical devices, enabling a wide array of scientific applications and In Vitro Fertilization (IVF) procedures. Its image analysis systems are designed to bring quality, efficiency and reliability to studies of reproductive cells in the human fertility, animal sciences and reproductive toxicology fields. Hamilton Thorne's standardized toxicology assays and quality control testing services help to improve outcomes in human IVF clinics. Hamilton Thorne's growing worldwide customer base consists of pharmaceutical companies, biotechnology companies, fertility clinics, university research centers, animal breeding companies, and other commercial and academic research establishments, including Harvard, MIT, Yale, McGill, Oxford, Cambridge, the Smithsonian Institution, Charles River Labs, Covance, ABS Global, Sexing Technologies, Merck, Cook Medical, Novartis, Pfizer, and Dow Chemical. About GYNEMED GmbH & Co. KG (http://www.gynemed.de) GYNEMED GmbH & Co. KG is a leading manufacturer and distributor of products for reproductive medicine, including clinical and laboratory equipment and disposables, as well as complete installations of ART clinics. Gynemed offers a complete range of cell culture media for the embryology and andrology laboratory in the ART clinic. Founded in 1998, Gynemed's has, since inception, demonstrated a commitment to quality products and services in Germany, Austria and Switzerland and is expanding across other European markets and internationally.  Neither the TSX Venture Exchange, nor its regulation services provider (as that term is defined in the policies of the exchange), accepts responsibility for the adequacy or accuracy of this release. Note re Non-IFRS Measures The Company has included earnings before interest, income taxes, depreciation and amortization, ("EBITDA") as a non-IFRS measure, which is used by management as a measure of financial performance. For further information, see section entitled "Use of Non-IFRS Measures" in the Company's Management Discussion and Analysis for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2016, a copy of which is available under the Company's profile on SEDAR at www.sedar.com. The historical financial information of Gynemed included in this press release is based on the audited financial statements of Gynemed for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2016 (the "Gynemed Financial Statements"). The Gynemed Financials Statement were prepared in accordance with German generally accepted accounting principles. Accordingly, readers are cautioned that such results have not been reconciled to IFRS and may be subject to adjustment. Updated financial information with respect to Gynemed is expected to be included in a business acquisition report to be filed by the Company on SEDAR (www.sedar.com) within 75 days of closing. Forward-Looking Statements Certain information in this press release may contain forward-looking statements, including, without limitation, with respect to the projected impact of the transaction on the Company's revenue diversification and future earnings. This information is based on current expectations that are subject to significant risks and uncertainties that are difficult to predict. Actual results might differ materially from results suggested in any forward-looking statements. The Company assumes no obligation to update the forward-looking statements, or to update the reasons why actual results could differ from those reflected in the forward-looking statements unless and until required by securities laws applicable to the Company. Additional information identifying risks and uncertainties is contained in filings by the Company with the Canadian securities regulators, which filings are available at www.sedar.com. Hamilton Thorne Ltd. David Wolf President & CEO 978-921-2050 ir@hamiltonthorne.com Hamilton Thorne Ltd. Michael Bruns CFO 978-921-2050 ir@hamiltonthorne.com © 2017 Nasdaq, Inc. All rights reserved. Most Popular These Americans will never get Social Security benefits — and we don’t mean millennials It’s harder than you think to spend down your 401(k) account in retirement Dow’s rally from election to Trump’s first 100 days is a postwar record Elon Musk: Self-driving Teslas will go between LA and NYC by the end of the year France's Presidential Election: What You Need to Know MarketWatch Partner Center Sponsored Headlines MarketWatch Site Index Topics Help Feedback Newsroom Roster Media Archive Premium Products Mobile Company Company Info Code of Conduct Corrections Advertising Media Kit Advertise Locally Reprints & Licensing Broker Center Your Ad Choices Dow Jones Network WSJ.com Barron's Online BigCharts Virtual Stock Exchange Financial News London WSJ.com Small Business realtor.com Mansion Global Back to Top Copyright ©2017 MarketWatch, Inc. All rights reserved. By using this site you agree to the Terms of Service, Privacy Policy, and Cookie Policy. Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. Intraday data delayed per exchange requirements. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real time last sale data provided by NASDAQ. More information on NASDAQ traded symbols and their current financial status. Intraday data delayed 15 minutes for Nasdaq, and 20 minutes for other exchanges. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. SEHK intraday data is provided by SIX Financial Information and is at least 60-minutes delayed. All quotes are in local exchange time. Advanced Search Stocks Columns Authors Topics No results found
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 28 April 2017 by Maciej Heyman Global Varicella Vaccine Market Professional Survey Market 2017 – Merck, GSK, BCHT Pune, Mahrashtra — (SBWIRE) — 04/28/2017 — Global Varicella Vaccine Market Professional Survey Market 2017 Analysis Report reviews a Market Regions, Product Categories, with Sales, Business Revenue, Goods cost, Varicella Vaccine Market Professional Survey market Share and Growth trends, focusing on leading Varicella Vaccine Market Professional Survey industry players, market size, demand and supply analysis, consumption volume, Forecast 2017 to 2022. The Global Varicella Vaccine Market Professional Survey report provides a comprehensive scenario of the present and forecast Varicella Vaccine Market Professional Survey market strategies, development strategies and growth opportunities. Beginning a conversation on the contemporary state of Varicella Vaccine Market Professional Survey market, the report additional analyzes the market effective moving each section started in it. The report further studies the Varicella Vaccine Market Professional Survey insights of the companies and recommendations that will help the readers to have up-to-date knowledge of the Varicella Vaccine Market Professional Survey market. Request Sample and Do Inquiry Before Buying Report Here: https://market.biz/report/global-varicella-vaccine-market-professional-survey-market-2017/59607/#inquiry The complete scenario of Varicella Vaccine Market Professional Survey Market and top sellers: Merck GSK Shanghai Institute BCHT Changsheng Keygen Green Cross Biken A fundamental overview of the Varicella Vaccine Market Professional Survey market is presented to the readers with the help of market definition, categorization, various applications, and supply chain analysis. The Varicella Vaccine Market Professional Survey report covers the analysis of traditional as well as the emerging markets. The report more states the Varicella Vaccine Market Professional Survey market opponents, their business profiles, freshest news, their market share, growing plans and strategies, customer volume and developing policies. Purchase Full Report Here (To Get An Immediate Access): https://market.biz/report/global-varicella-vaccine-market-professional-survey-market-2017/59607/ In next part, the Varicella Vaccine Market Professional Survey Report evaluates the gross margin analysis of numerous regions i. e. (US, EU, China and Japan). Other regions can be added as per the requirement. In conclusion, it is a comprehensive research document which will help readers to analyze the feasibility of investment in Varicella Vaccine Market Professional Survey market. Related Report: 1. Global Varicella Attenuated Live Vaccine Market 2017 – https://market.biz/report/global-varicella-attenuated-live-vaccine-market-2017-9dimen/58691/ CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Alder BioPharmaceuticals Presents Positive Phase 2b Study Data for Eptinezumab at 69th Annual American Academy of Neurology Meeting Next PostNext Methanex Reports on Annual and Special Meeting of Shareholders Search Recent Posts HH Sheikh Maktoum bin Mohammed bin Rashid Al Maktoum Honore 10 Lauréats de 8 Pays au Prix Mondial de l’Eau lancé par Mohammed bin Rashid Al Maktoum HH Sheikh Maktoum bin Mohammed bin Rashid Al Maktoum Honore 10 Lauréats de 8 Pays au Prix Mondial de l’Eau lancé par Mohammed bin Rashid Al Maktoum Xiaomi Mi Pad 3 new Xiaomi tablet Arrive Gearbest Oxford Investment Group Invests in Katherine Cosmetics Michelle Obama Wears „Lafayette 148 New York Dress” in First Public Appearance Post-White House Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 28 April 2017 by Maciej Heyman Global Migraine Drugs Market 2017 Share, Trend, Segmentation and Forecast To 2022 Wiseguyreports.Com Publish New Market Research Report On-“Global Migraine Drugs Market 2017 Share, Trend, Segmentation and Forecast To 2022”. PUNE, INDIA, April 28, 2017 /EINPresswire.com/ — Migraine Drugs Market 2017 Global Migraine Drugs market competition by top manufacturers, with production, price, revenue (value) and market share for each manufacturer; the top players including Allergan Merck Pfizer Teva Pfizer Johnson & Johnson Endo International GlaxoSmithKline Impax Abbott Bayer Eli Lilly Ethypharm Kowa Pharmaceuticals America Winston Pharmaceuticals AstraZeneca Request a Sample Report @ https://www.wiseguyreports.com/sample-request/1227988-global-migraine-drugs-market-research-report-2017 Geographically, this report is segmented into several key Regions, with production, consumption, revenue (million USD), market share and growth rate of Migraine Drugs in these regions, from 2012 to 2022 (forecast), covering North America Europe China Japan Southeast Asia India On the basis of product, this report displays the production, revenue, price, market share and growth rate of each type, primarily split into Sumatriptan Zolmitriptan Rizatriptan Other Drug On the basis on the end users/applications, this report focuses on the status and outlook for major applications/end users, consumption (sales), market share and growth rate of Migraine Drugs for each application, including Hospitals Clinics Household Use Others Complete Report Details @ https://www.wiseguyreports.com/reports/1227988-global-migraine-drugs-market-research-report-2017 Table of Contents Global Migraine Drugs Market Research Report 2017 1 Migraine Drugs Market Overview 1.1 Product Overview and Scope of Migraine Drugs 1.2 Migraine Drugs Segment by Type (Product Category) 1.2.1 Global Migraine Drugs Production and CAGR (%) Comparison by Type (Product Category) (2012-2022) 1.2.2 Global Migraine Drugs Production Market Share by Type (Product Category) in 2016 1.2.3 Sumatriptan 1.2.4 Zolmitriptan 1.2.5 Rizatriptan 1.2.6 Other Drug 1.3 Global Migraine Drugs Segment by Application 1.3.1 Migraine Drugs Consumption (Sales) Comparison by Application (2012-2022) 1.3.2 Hospitals 1.3.3 Clinics 1.3.4 Household Use 1.3.5 Others 1.4 Global Migraine Drugs Market by Region (2012-2022) 1.4.1 Global Migraine Drugs Market Size (Value) and CAGR (%) Comparison by Region (2012-2022) 1.4.2 North America Status and Prospect (2012-2022) 1.4.3 Europe Status and Prospect (2012-2022) 1.4.4 China Status and Prospect (2012-2022) 1.4.5 Japan Status and Prospect (2012-2022) 1.4.6 Southeast Asia Status and Prospect (2012-2022) 1.4.7 India Status and Prospect (2012-2022) 1.5 Global Market Size (Value) of Migraine Drugs (2012-2022) 1.5.1 Global Migraine Drugs Revenue Status and Outlook (2012-2022) 1.5.2 Global Migraine Drugs Capacity, Production Status and Outlook (2012-2022) 2 Global Migraine Drugs Market Competition by Manufacturers 2.1 Global Migraine Drugs Capacity, Production and Share by Manufacturers (2012-2017) 2.1.1 Global Migraine Drugs Capacity and Share by Manufacturers (2012-2017) 2.1.2 Global Migraine Drugs Production and Share by Manufacturers (2012-2017) 2.2 Global Migraine Drugs Revenue and Share by Manufacturers (2012-2017) 2.3 Global Migraine Drugs Average Price by Manufacturers (2012-2017) 2.4 Manufacturers Migraine Drugs Manufacturing Base Distribution, Sales Area and Product Type 2.5 Migraine Drugs Market Competitive Situation and Trends 2.5.1 Migraine Drugs Market Concentration Rate 2.5.2 Migraine Drugs Market Share of Top 3 and Top 5 Manufacturers ………… 7 Global Migraine Drugs Manufacturers Profiles/Analysis 7.1 Allergan 7.1.1 Company Basic Information, Manufacturing Base, Sales Area and Its Competitors 7.1.2 Migraine Drugs Product Category, Application and Specification 7.1.2.1 Product A 7.1.2.2 Product B 7.1.3 Allergan Migraine Drugs Capacity, Production, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2012-2017) 7.1.4 Main Business/Business Overview 7.2 Merck 7.2.1 Company Basic Information, Manufacturing Base, Sales Area and Its Competitors 7.2.2 Migraine Drugs Product Category, Application and Specification 7.2.2.1 Product A 7.2.2.2 Product B 7.2.3 Merck Migraine Drugs Capacity, Production, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2012-2017) 7.2.4 Main Business/Business Overview 7.3 Pfizer 7.3.1 Company Basic Information, Manufacturing Base, Sales Area and Its Competitors 7.3.2 Migraine Drugs Product Category, Application and Specification 7.3.2.1 Product A 7.3.2.2 Product B 7.3.3 Pfizer Migraine Drugs Capacity, Production, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2012-2017) 7.3.4 Main Business/Business Overview 7.4 Teva 7.4.1 Company Basic Information, Manufacturing Base, Sales Area and Its Competitors 7.4.2 Migraine Drugs Product Category, Application and Specification 7.4.2.1 Product A 7.4.2.2 Product B ……..Continued Buy Now @ https://www.wiseguyreports.com/checkout?currency=one_user-USD&report_id=1227988 Norah Trent Wise Guy Consultants Pvt. Ltd. +1 (339) 368 6938 (US)/+91 841 198 5042 (IND) email us here CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Global Basalt Fiber Market by Types, Application with Price, Sale, Consumption and Revenue Forecast to 2022 Next PostNext Sanderson Farms, Inc. Announces New Credit Agreement Search Recent Posts HH Sheikh Maktoum bin Mohammed bin Rashid Al Maktoum Honore 10 Lauréats de 8 Pays au Prix Mondial de l’Eau lancé par Mohammed bin Rashid Al Maktoum HH Sheikh Maktoum bin Mohammed bin Rashid Al Maktoum Honore 10 Lauréats de 8 Pays au Prix Mondial de l’Eau lancé par Mohammed bin Rashid Al Maktoum Xiaomi Mi Pad 3 new Xiaomi tablet Arrive Gearbest Oxford Investment Group Invests in Katherine Cosmetics Michelle Obama Wears „Lafayette 148 New York Dress” in First Public Appearance Post-White House Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 28 April 2017 by Maciej Heyman Global Medicinal Feed Additives Market 2017 – Zoetis, BASF, Bayer Healthcare, Cargill, Evonik Industries Pune, Mahrashtra — (SBWIRE) — 04/28/2017 — Global Medicinal Feed Additives Market 2017 Analysis Report reviews a Market Regions, Product Categories, with Sales, Business Revenue, Goods cost, Medicinal Feed Additives market Share and Growth trends, focusing on leading Medicinal Feed Additives industry players, market size, demand and supply analysis, consumption volume, Forecast 2017 to 2022. The Global Medicinal Feed Additives report provides a comprehensive scenario of the present and forecast Medicinal Feed Additives market strategies, development strategies and growth opportunities. Beginning a conversation on the contemporary state of Medicinal Feed Additives market, the report additional analyzes the market effective moving each section started in it. The report further studies the Medicinal Feed Additives insights of the companies and recommendations that will help the readers to have up-to-date knowledge of the Medicinal Feed Additives market. Request Sample and Do Inquiry Before Buying Report Here: https://market.biz/report/global-medicinal-feed-additives-market-2017/39431/#inquiry The complete scenario of Medicinal Feed Additives Market and top sellers: 1 Zoetis 2 BASF 3 Bayer Healthcare 4 Cargill 5 Evonik Industries 6 Merck 7 Elanco 8 Ceva Animal Health 9 Merial 10 Virbac 11 Boehringer Ingelheim 12 Aliphos 13 Champri A fundamental overview of the Medicinal Feed Additives market is presented to the readers with the help of market definition, categorization, various applications, and supply chain analysis. The Medicinal Feed Additives report covers the analysis of traditional as well as the emerging markets. The report more states the Medicinal Feed Additives market opponents, their business profiles, freshest news, their market share, growing plans and strategies, customer volume and developing policies. Purchase Full Report Here (To Get An Immediate Access): https://market.biz/report/global-medicinal-feed-additives-market-2017/39431/ In next part, the Medicinal Feed Additives Report evaluates the gross margin analysis of numerous regions i. e. (US, EU, China and Japan). Other regions can be added as per the requirement. In conclusion, it is a comprehensive research document which will help readers to analyze the feasibility of investment in Medicinal Feed Additives market. Related Report: 1. Global Cattle Feed & Feed Additives Market 2016 – https://market.biz/report/global-cattle-feed-feed-additives-market-2016-industry-research-report/6197/ Browse For More Chemicals and Materials Market Reports Here: https://market.biz/reporttype/chemicals-and-materials/ CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious MovingImage launches VideoManager Pro App to Manage Video Anywhere, Anytime from Your Smartphone Next PostNext Global Zinc-Air Batteries Market 2017 – Rayovac, Energizer, Arotech, Duracell, Power One Search Recent Posts 3-Cyano Pyridine Market Report 2017 – Vertellus Specialties, Jubilant Life Sciences, Hebei Yanuo, Shandong Hongda Group Honor Mom this Mother’s Day with a Gift That Truly ‘HELPS’ ProAmpac will Show Packaging Innovations at Interpack 2017 Acquiring the Most Advanced Security Systems from Magnum Telesystem Securing Your Home with Premium Digital Door Locks by Magnum Telesystem Proudly powered by WordPress
About Future Resources Staff Contact Privacy Policy Search for: Select Press Releases Home / Press Releases / Global Medicinal Feed Additives Market 2017 – Zoetis, BASF, Bayer Healthcare, Cargill, Evonik Industries Global Medicinal Feed Additives Market 2017 – Zoetis, BASF, Bayer Healthcare, Cargill, Evonik Industries Posted on April 28, 2017 by ReleaseWire - Latest Press Releases in Press Releases Leadership is an overused word, and is often misused. We like this definition. Global Medicinal Feed Additives Market Report presents a professional and deep analysis on the present state of Medicinal Feed Additives Market 2017. The study of Medicinal Feed Additives industry is very important to enhance business productivity and for the study of market forecast. Pune, Mahrashtra — (SBWIRE) — 04/28/2017 — Global Medicinal Feed Additives Market 2017 Analysis Report reviews a Market Regions, Product Categories, with Sales, Business Revenue, Goods cost, Medicinal Feed Additives market Share and Growth trends, focusing on leading Medicinal Feed Additives industry players, market size, demand and supply analysis, consumption volume, Forecast 2017 to 2022. The Global Medicinal Feed Additives report provides a comprehensive scenario of the present and forecast Medicinal Feed Additives market strategies, development strategies and growth opportunities. Beginning a conversation on the contemporary state of Medicinal Feed Additives market, the report additional analyzes the market effective moving each section started in it. The report further studies the Medicinal Feed Additives insights of the companies and recommendations that will help the readers to have up-to-date knowledge of the Medicinal Feed Additives market. Request Sample and Do Inquiry Before Buying Report Here: https://market.biz/report/global-medicinal-feed-additives-market-2017/39431/#inquiry The complete scenario of Medicinal Feed Additives Market and top sellers: 1 Zoetis 2 BASF 3 Bayer Healthcare 4 Cargill 5 Evonik Industries 6 Merck 7 Elanco 8 Ceva Animal Health 9 Merial 10 Virbac 11 Boehringer Ingelheim 12 Aliphos 13 Champri A fundamental overview of the Medicinal Feed Additives market is presented to the readers with the help of market definition, categorization, various applications, and supply chain analysis. The Medicinal Feed Additives report covers the analysis of traditional as well as the emerging markets. The report more states the Medicinal Feed Additives market opponents, their business profiles, freshest news, their market share, growing plans and strategies, customer volume and developing policies. Purchase Full Report Here (To Get An Immediate Access): https://market.biz/report/global-medicinal-feed-additives-market-2017/39431/ In next part, the Medicinal Feed Additives Report evaluates the gross margin analysis of numerous regions i. e. (US, EU, China and Japan). Other regions can be added as per the requirement. In conclusion, it is a comprehensive research document which will help readers to analyze the feasibility of investment in Medicinal Feed Additives market. Related Report: 1. Global Cattle Feed & Feed Additives Market 2016 – https://market.biz/report/global-cattle-feed-feed-additives-market-2016-industry-research-report/6197/ Browse For More Chemicals and Materials Market Reports Here: https://market.biz/reporttype/chemicals-and-materials/ For more information on this press release visit: http://www.sbwire.com/press-releases/global-medicinal-feed-additives-market-2017-zoetis-basf-bayer-healthcare-cargill-evonik-industries-800334.htm Media Relations Contact Stefen Marwa Telephone: 857-239-0696 Email: Click to Email Stefen Marwa Web: https://market.biz/report/global-medicinal-feed-additives-market-2017/39431/ Latest News Global Medium Density Fibreboard MDF Market 2017 – Kronospan, Evergreen, Mangalam Timber, Composite Panel Association Global Medicinal Feed Additives Market 2017 – Zoetis, BASF, Bayer Healthcare, Cargill, Evonik Industries Global Zinc-Air Batteries Market 2017 – Rayovac, Energizer, Arotech, Duracell, Power One Available Surrogates Seek Intended Parents During National Infertility Awareness Week Global Yeast Extracts and Beta-Glucan Market 2017 – ABF Ingredients, AHD International LLC, Bio Springer, Angel Yeast Global Wood Interior Doors Market 2017 – Simpson Door Company, Masonite, Lemieux, TruStile Doors, Lynden Doors Provo, UT Reason #75 Why Outsourcing Your Nationwide Reputation-Management Needs and Custom Blog Content Creation to www.G3-Development.co Is Beautiful Garland, TX Reason #168 Adam Paul Green (www.IMAdamGreen.com) Outgrew a Cocoa MLM Company and Joined the “Rain International” Team (www.myrainlife.com/g3) was the Black Cumin Seed Nutrition Payson, UTAH General Society of Mayflower Descendant, Adam Paul Green (Ancestor Stephen Hopkins / Gen.No. 86,723) Declares New Geneology Resource Website for Local Enthusiasts Global Wireless Charging Phone Market 2017 – Samung, Sony, Google, MOTO, NOKIA, Yota © 2015 SSUChronicle. All rights reserved. Top Optimization WordPress Plugins & Solutions by W3 EDGE
Press Release Distribution   PR Home Latest News News Feeds Subscribe Submit Free Press Release For Bloggers PR Newswire Distribution News By Tag * Pediatric Vaccines Market * More Tags... Industry News * Health * More Industries... News By Place * Brooklyn   New York   United States * More Locations... Country(s) United States Australia India Hong Kong England - - - More Countries Industry News April 2017 Sa Fr Th We Tu Mo Su 29 28 27 26 25 24 23 Global Pediatric Vaccines Market (2015-2021) - Research Nester The global pediatric vaccine market was valued at USD 24 Billion in 2015 and is anticipated to exhibit a robust compound annual growth rate (CAGR) of 10.6% over the forecast period.     research nester logo   Spread the Word Listed Under Tag: • Pediatric Vaccines Market Industry: • Health Location: • Brooklyn - New York - US Subject: • ReportsBROOKLYN, N.Y. - April 28, 2017 - PRLog -- Pediatric vaccines work as a protective shield for infants, children and adolescents (age ranging from 0-18 years) against various fatal diseases such as influenza, diphtheria, hepatitis, meningococcal and pneumococcal diseases etc. The global pediatric vaccine market is segmented into North America, Latin America, Western and Eastern Europe, Asia-Pacific and Rest of World. Asia-Pacific is projected to witness the highest growth rate in pediatric vaccines market in coming 5-6 years. Market Segmentation ·         By Types On the basis of technology, the global pediatric market is segmented into synthetic vaccines, dendritic cells vaccines, toxoid vaccines, live attenuated vaccines, inactivated vaccines, subunit vaccines and recombinant vector vaccines. ·         By Diseases Based on disease the global pediatric market is segmented into cancer, Hepatitis A, Hepatitis B, Influenza, Polio, Rotavirus, Tetanus, allergy, infectious disease and other diseases. Growth Drivers and challenges Expanding government and private spending on development of pediatric and other vaccines is a major factor which is believed to foster the growth of global pediatric market in coming 5-6 years. However, limited or no access to healthcare services in developing/under-developed countries, low healthcare spending, and lower pediatric vaccination coverage etc. are some of the challenges which might hamper the growth of global pediatric vaccines market in future. Market Size and Forecast North America holds the top rank in pediatric vaccines market in the world. The pediatric vaccines market in North America is sparked by higher spending by the Federal government on healthcare industry. The U.S. and Canada are two major markets of pediatric vaccines in North America. Europe pediatric vaccines market is also propelled by larger government spending on development of medical and pharmaceutical industry. The market in major European countries such as Germany, Italy, France, Spain and U.K. is boosted from the funding allotted by public healthcare services such as NHS (Nation Healthcare Service). Asia-Pacific pediatric vaccines market is expected to get escalated by increasing initiatives of World Health organization (WHO) in countries such as India, China and Japan. In addition to that, Asia-Pacific pediatric market is also likely to get fostered from strengthening economic growth of major Asian countries in future. Key Players The global pediatric vaccines market includes some of the top players such as Pfize, Merck, Sanofi Pasteur, Sinovac Biotech, Bio Med, Valeant Pharmaceuticals, Dynavax Technologies etc. Scope and Context Overview of the Parent Market Analyst View Market Size and Growth ·         North America ·         Latin America ·         Western and Eastern Europe ·         Asia-Pacific ·         Rest of World Segmentation ·         By Technology ·         By Diseases Market Dynamics Supply & Demand Risk Competitive Landscape Porter's Five Force Model Geographical Economic Activity Key Players (respective SWOT Analysis) and their Strategies and Product Portfolio Recent Trends and Developments Industry Growth Drivers and Challenges Key Information for Players to establish themselves in current dynamic environment To know more about this research, kindly visit: http://www.researchnester.com/reports/global-pediatric-va... For Table of Content & Free Sample Report Contact: Ajay Daniel Email: ajay.daniel@researchnester.com U.S. +1 646 586 9123 U.K. +44 203 608 5919 Media Contact research nester 16465869123 ***@researchnester.com End Source : Research Nester Pvt Ltd Email : ***@researchnester.com Tags : Pediatric Vaccines Market Industry : Health Location : Brooklyn - New York - United States Subject : Reports Account Email Address     Account Phone Number     Disclaimer     Report Abuse Research Nester Pvt Ltd PRs Global Liquid Biopsy Market (2015-2021)-Research Nester Global Polyethylene Terephthalate (PET) Market (2015-2021)- Research Nester Global Energy Management System Market to hit USD 56.59 billion by 2022- Research Nester Malaysia online education market (e-Learning) Market- Research Nester Global Video Surveillance Security Cameras Market to hit USD 2.8 Billion by 2021- Research Nester Trending News Rapper Nicky Monroe releases new EP album 'Next' San Francisco Writer Anh Lê Remembers End of the Vietnam War April 30, 1975 D-EYE™ Introduces ImageSelect™ Application Upgrade Enhances Retinal Examination Results and Sharing NDA Applauds Senate Confirmation of Alex Acosta as Secretary of Labor Litigation Lawyer Stefan Savic Joins Shipkevich PLLC New York Top Daily News United Premier Soccer League Announces Florida Sunbelt Conference Expansion - 486 views Emerging rapper Kese makes explosive debut, releases new album "MFE" worldwide - 325 views BZB Express Celebrates Five Years of Great Flow and Success - 241 views Speakeasy Art Gallery presents Mike Moran: Sawdust - Unusual Toys for a Splintered World - 238 views Hoag Physicians Selected to Teach Unique Breast Conserving Technique at National Meeting fo - 127 views Top Weekly News EY announces Sam Bakhtiar, CEO, and Alejandra Font, Co-Founder of The Camp TC, as EY Entrepreneur Of The Year 2017 Greater Los Angeles semifinalists - 5920 views HRO Today Announces Finalists of 2017 CHRO of the Year Awards - 1572 views Meet the Contestants Vying for the Title of Mrs. Pennsylvania America 2017! - 1508 views Wrestling Legends Set for Evening Gown Match! - 1308 views 5-time Olympian Tony Azevedo To Attend Illinois State Finals And Offer Elite Chicago Clinic - 1284 views Top Daily News United Premier Soccer League Announces Florida Sunbelt Conference Expansion - 486 views Emerging rapper Kese makes explosive debut, releases new album "MFE" worldwide - 325 views BZB Express Celebrates Five Years of Great Flow and Success - 241 views Speakeasy Art Gallery presents Mike Moran: Sawdust - Unusual Toys for a Splintered World - 238 views Hoag Physicians Selected to Teach Unique Breast Conserving Technique at National Meeting fo - 127 views Top Weekly News EY announces Sam Bakhtiar, CEO, and Alejandra Font, Co-Founder of The Camp TC, as EY Entrepreneur Of The Year 2017 Greater Los Angeles semifinalists - 5920 views HRO Today Announces Finalists of 2017 CHRO of the Year Awards - 1572 views Meet the Contestants Vying for the Title of Mrs. Pennsylvania America 2017! - 1508 views Wrestling Legends Set for Evening Gown Match! - 1308 views 5-time Olympian Tony Azevedo To Attend Illinois State Finals And Offer Elite Chicago Clinic - 1284 views PTC News New Altair Irvine Masterplan To Offer Guard-Gated Entry - 437 views Wizard World To Screen Original 'Rocky Horror Picture Show' In Minneapolis, Midnight, Sat. May 6 - 235 views Doctor Who, Buffy, Sheen Q&As, Creative Panels At Wizard World Comic Con Minneapolis, May 5-7 - 196 views Sheen, Brown, Simmons Among Top Celebrities At Wizard World Comic Con Philadelphia, June 1-4 - 179 views Sheen, Cain, Marsters Among Top Celebrities At Wizard World Comic Con Des Moines, May 19-21 - 171 views Apr 28, 2017 News SiteMap Privacy Policy Terms of Service Copyright Notice About Advertise Like PRLog? 9K2K1K
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 28 April 2017 by DecisionDatabases Veterinary Healthcare Market | Outlook Analysis Report 2015-2022 By DecisionDatabases The new research report on Veterinary Healthcare Market offered by DecisionDatabases.com provides Global Industry Analysis, Size, Share, Growth, Trends and Forecast 2015-2022. The report on global veterinary healthcare market evaluates the growth trends of the industry through historical study and estimates future prospects based on comprehensive research. The report extensively provides the market share, growth, trends and forecasts for the period 2015-2022. The market size in terms of revenue (USD MN) is calculated for the study period along with the details of the factors affecting the market growth (drivers and restraints). The rising occurrences of zoonotic diseases and advancement in technology for the innovation in animal health drugs sector are the major factors pushing the market uphill. But shortage of arable land and water might retraint the growth in the coming years. Get FREE Sample Report Copy With FULL Segmentations and TOC @ http://www.decisiondatabases.com/contact/download-sample-16702 Furthermore, the report quantifies the market share held by the major players of the industry and provides an in-depth view of the competitive landscape. This market is classified into different segments with detailed analysis of each with respect to geography for the study period 2015-2022. The comprehensive value chain analysis of the market will assist in attaining better product differentiation, along with detailed understanding of the core competency of each activity involved. The market attractiveness analysis provided in the report aptly measures the potential value of the market providing business strategists with the latest growth opportunities. The report also covers the complete competitive landscape of the worldwide market with company profiles of key players such as Abaxis, Inc., Bayer AG, Boehringer Ingelheim GmbH, Ceva Santé Animale, Eli Lilly and Company Limited, IDVet Genetics, Merck & Co., Merial Inc., Virbac Animal Health India Pvt. Ltd. and Zoetis Inc. Geographically, this market has been segmented into regions such as North America, Europe, Latin America, Asia Pacific and the Middle East & Africa. The study details country-level aspects based on each segment and gives estimates in terms of market size. Table Of Contents – Overview 1.Introduction 2.Executive Summary 3.Market Analysis 4.Veterinary Healthcare Market Analysis By Animal Type 5.Veterinary Healthcare Market Analysis By Application 6.Veterinary Healthcare Market Analysis By Geography 7.Competitive Landscape Of The Veterinary Healthcare Companies 8.Company Profiles Of The Veterinary Healthcare Industry Purchase Complete Global Veterinary Healthcare Market Research Report At: http://www.decisiondatabases.com/contact/buy-now-16702 About Us: DecisionDatabases.com is a global business research reports provider, enriching decision makers and strategists with qualitative statistics. DecisionDatabases.com is proficient in providing syndicated research report, customized research reports, company profiles and industry databases across multiple domains. Our expert research analysts have been trained to map client’s research requirements to the correct research resource leading to a distinctive edge over its competitors. We provide intellectual, precise and meaningful data at a lightning speed. For more details: DecisionDatabases.com E-Mail: sales@decisiondatabases.com Phone: +91 99 28 237112 Web: www.decisiondatabases.com CategoriesGoogle News, satPRnews TagsGlobal Veterinary Healthcare Market Report, Healthcare, Veterinary Healthcare, Veterinary Healthcare Industry, Veterinary Healthcare Industry Outlook, Veterinary Healthcare Industry Report, Veterinary Healthcare Market, Veterinary Healthcare Market Analysis, Veterinary Healthcare Market Growth, Veterinary Healthcare Market Report, Veterinary Healthcare Market share, Veterinary Healthcare Market size Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Big Data Market Is Estimated To Witness A High Demand In Order To Keep Pace With This Data Explosion Till 2025: Grand View Research, Inc Next PostNext Orbis Research: World Tartrate Industry Trends, Growth (2017-2021) Search Recent Posts Maritz Appoints Chief Behavioral Officer (CBO), Charlotte Blank Global Biopesticides Market 2017 Share, Trend, Segmentation and Forecast to 2022 Advanced Parenteral Drug Delivery Devices Market Global Professional Survey and In-depth Analysis Forecast to 2022 Global Biopolymers Market 2017 Share, Trend, Segmentation and Forecast to 2022 Global Carbon Fiber and Carbon Fiber Reinforced Plastic Market 2017 Share, Trend, Segmentation and Forecast to 2022 Proudly powered by WordPress
Latest News Dow 20,941 -40.82 -0.19% Nasdaq 6,048 -1.33 -0.02% S&P 500 2,384 -4.57 -0.19% 1:28 A.M. ET Updated Dow’s rally from election to Trump’s first 100 days is a postwar record 1:27 A.M. ET How Trump’s stock market ranks on his 100th day in office 4/28 Updated How Trump’s stock market ranks as he nears his 100th day in office 4/28 Film and TV writers: Here’s how to prepare financially for a strike 4/28 Updated Jack Dorsey buys $9.5 million in Twitter stock while continuing to sell Square 4/28 The first human head transplant may happen this year 4/28 GoPro stock plummets 8% to seventh-lowest close 4/28 Updated Inside the executive order that would’ve yanked the U.S. out of Nafta 4/28 Newly Developed Device Creates Water From Dry Air 4/28 Trump Calls Warren 'Pocahontas' and Affirms Commitment to NRA 4/28 How Apple and Tesla want California to change proposed self-driving car rules 4/28 Anxiety Disorder: Is There an Escape? 4/28 Bush chief of staff Card says Trump might want to bite his tongue on occasion 4/28 Is inflation hotter than the market will admit? Bond panel can’t quite agree 4/28 North Korea's latest ballistic missile launch failed: report 4/28 Updated This city has the most millionaire CEOs 4/28 Updated The Latest Status Symbol? Metal Credit Cards 4/28 Fitbit: 'External forces' caused alleged Flex 2 explosion 4/28 'Rich Dad' author Robert Kiyosaki on how to get rich in real estate 4/28 Apple asks California regulators to change self-driving car policy: Report Log In Home News Viewer Video SectorWatch Podcasts First Take Games Portfolio My MarketWatch News Viewer Markets U.S. Europe/Middle East Emerging Markets Asia Canada SectorWatch Columns Market Snapshot Movers & Shakers The Tell Currencies Futures Movers Pre-Market News Tools Earnings Wall Markets Overview IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar Currency Tools Futures Contracts Market Screener Hulbert Interactive Investing Stocks Mutual Funds ETFs Options Bonds Commodities Currencies Futures Financial Adviser Center Hedge Funds/Insider Trades Getting Started MarketWatch Adviser Columns Options Trader Revolution Investing Tools Stock Screener Funds Finder ETF Screener Options Screener IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar More... Personal Finance 10 Things Big Spender Real Estate Spending & Saving Taxes Columns The Moneyologist Brett Arends Bill Bischoff Amy Hoak Chuck Jaffe Jennifer Openshaw Jennifer Waters Tools Funds Finder Today's Rates Retirement Retire Here, Not There Encore Taxes How-to Guides Social Security Estate Planning Events Columns Robert Powell's Retirement Portfolio Andrea Coombes's Working Retirement Tools Retirement Planner How long will my money last? Economy Federal Reserve Capitol Report Economic Report Columns Darrell Delamaide Irwin Kellner Rex Nutting Tools Economic Calendar Real Estate Location Scouts realtor.com My MarketWatch Watchlist Alerts Games Log In Home Press Release Global Pharmacogenomics Market 2014-2024: Advancement in Technology Pharmacogenomics Engineering to Create In-Vivo Environment - Research and Markets By Published: Apr 28, 2017 5:17 a.m. ET Share DUBLIN, Apr 28, 2017 (BUSINESS WIRE) -- Research and Markets has announced the addition of the "Global Pharmacogenomics Market Size, Market Share, Application Analysis, Regional Outlook, Growth Trends, Key Players, Competitive Strategies and Forecasts, 2014 to 2024" report to their offering. The global pharmacogenomics market was valued at US$ 7,167.6 Mn in 2015, and is expected to reach US$ 11,938.8 Mn by 2024, expanding at a CAGR of 5.6% from 2016 to 2024. The global pharmacogenomics market is segmented based on technology type as microarray, sequencing, polymerase chain reaction and other technologies. Sequencing dominates the market, especially with the advent of next generation sequencing attributed by high throughput screening, high accuracy and speed. Scope of the Report Microarray Sequencing: - Sanger Sequencing - Pyrosequencing - Next-Generation Sequencing Polymerase Chain Reaction Other Technologies: - Mass Spectrometry - Electrophoresis The global pharmacogenomics market is further segmented in terms of therapeutic application such as oncology, cardiology, psychiatry, infectious diseases, pain management, neurological disorders and others. Among these, oncology segment dominates the therapeutic market followed by psychiatry and infectious diseases. Currently, North America occupies the largest revenue share for global pharmacogenomics market, largely dominated by the U.S. Major growth drivers of North America market are presence of extensive and evolved healthcare infrastructure, increasing preference for better, cost effective and personalized therapeutics for various diseases and infections. Asia Pacific is expected to be the most attractive regional market and is anticipated to witness extensive growth during the forecast period. Key Market Movements: Focus on personalized medicine emphasizing on the paradigm shift in medicine from reaction to prevention. Able to design unique disease prevention strategies, prescribe more effective drugs and reduce the ADR's, enhance quality of life, increase patient compliance. Recently, pharmacogenomics have being extensively used in drug development. It is used at various stages of drug development assessing and identifying effect of drug target polymorphisms on drug response. Discovery of new biological mechanisms and identification of molecules with improved efficacy and safety Market Dynamics Market Drivers Rise in investment in research and development Advancement in technology pharmacogenomics engineering to create in vivo environment Challenge Lack of consistency in pharmacogenomics products Opportunities Focus on regenerative medicine Increased awareness of organ transplantation Key Topics Covered: 1. Preface 2. Executive Summary 3. Market Overview and Future Outlook 4. Global Pharmacogenomics Market, By Technology, 2014 - 2024 (US$) 5. Global Pharmacogenomics Market, By Application, 2014 - 2024 (US$) 6. Global Pharmacogenomics Market, By Geography, 2014 - 2024 (US$) 7. Company Profiles Abbott Laboratories, Inc. Affymetrix, Inc. AstraZeneca plc Assurex Health Bayer AG GeneDX F. Hoffmann-La Roche Ltd. Illumina, Inc Myriad Genetics, Inc Merck & Co GE Healthcare GlaxoSmithKline Johnson & Johnson Pfizer, Inc. Pathway Genomics Qiagen, Inc. Teva Pharmaceutical Industries Ltd Thermo Fisher Scientific Transgenomic, Inc. For more information about this report visit http://www.researchandmarkets.com/research/9k9hjs/global View source version on businesswire.com: http://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20170428005253/en/ SOURCE: Research and Markets Research and Markets Laura Wood, Senior Manager press@researchandmarkets.com For E.S.T Office Hours Call 1-917-300-0470 For U.S./CAN Toll Free Call 1-800-526-8630 For GMT Office Hours Call +353-1-416-8900 U.S. Fax: 646-607-1907 Fax (outside U.S.): +353-1-481-1716 Related Topics: Genomics Copyright Business Wire 2017 Most Popular These Americans will never get Social Security benefits — and we don’t mean millennials It’s harder than you think to spend down your 401(k) account in retirement Dow’s rally from election to Trump’s first 100 days is a postwar record Elon Musk: Self-driving Teslas will go between LA and NYC by the end of the year France's Presidential Election: What You Need to Know MarketWatch Partner Center Sponsored Headlines MarketWatch Site Index Topics Help Feedback Newsroom Roster Media Archive Premium Products Mobile Company Company Info Code of Conduct Corrections Advertising Media Kit Advertise Locally Reprints & Licensing Broker Center Your Ad Choices Dow Jones Network WSJ.com Barron's Online BigCharts Virtual Stock Exchange Financial News London WSJ.com Small Business realtor.com Mansion Global Back to Top Copyright ©2017 MarketWatch, Inc. All rights reserved. By using this site you agree to the Terms of Service, Privacy Policy, and Cookie Policy. Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. Intraday data delayed per exchange requirements. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real time last sale data provided by NASDAQ. More information on NASDAQ traded symbols and their current financial status. Intraday data delayed 15 minutes for Nasdaq, and 20 minutes for other exchanges. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. SEHK intraday data is provided by SIX Financial Information and is at least 60-minutes delayed. All quotes are in local exchange time. Advanced Search Stocks Columns Authors Topics No results found
Contact Us Journalists Blog Log In Sign Up Send a Release News Solutions Resources Search News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News español português Česko Danmark Deutschland España France Italia Nederlands Norge Polska Portugal Россия Slovensko Sverige Suomi Medivir AB - Interim Report, January - March 2017 The quarter in brief News provided by Medivir 28 Apr, 2017, 03:10 ET Share this article HUDDINGE, Sweden, April 28, 2017 Significant events during the first quarter The osteoarthritis trial evaluating MIV-711 received the go-ahead to continue without any modifications after a positive fourth review of safety data. Christine Lind has been appointed as the new CEO of Medivir, effective as of 1 April 2017. Medivir's Extraordinary General Meeting, held in February, resolved on a voluntary redemption programme comprising a reduction in the share capital for repayment to the shareholders. Total cash proceeds of approximately SEK 857.5 million were distributed. An agreement was reached with Janssen concerning the out-licensing of the commercial rights to simeprevir and any products containing simeprevir in the Nordic region. In exchange, Medivir will receive royalties on all sales in the Nordic region of products containing simeprevir. The agreement also entitles Medivir to additional milestone payments with a combined value of approximately EUR 6 million. Medivir has, furthermore, returned the commercial rights to Adasuve in the Nordic region to Ferrer. Financial summary Net turnover for the continuing operations totalled SEK 17.8 million (20.6 m), SEK 13.7 million (18.1 m) of which comprised the first quarter's royalties for simeprevir. Other operating income totalled SEK 2.4 million (4.8 m). The loss before interest, tax, depreciation and amortisation (EBITDA) totalled SEK -80.9 million (-60.7 m). Basic and diluted earnings per share were SEK -3.59 (-1.50). The cash flow from operating activities amounted to SEK -123.9 million (-36.4 m). Non-recurring personnel costs of SEK 10.0 million (0.0 m) affected the result during the quarter. Liquid assets and short-term investments totalled SEK 708.9 million (1,039.5 m) at the period end. Significant events after the period end  Positive data from the phase II clinical study of remetinostat in patients with cutaneous T-cell lymphoma were announced in April. Data from an ongoing phase II study with the triple combination of simeprevir, odalasvir and AL-335, was presented at The International Liver Congress™ in April. Conference call for investors, analysts and the media The Interim Report for January – March 2017 will be presented by Medivir's President & CEO, Christine Lind. Time: Friday, 28 April 2017, at 14.00 (CET). Phone numbers for participants from: Sweden 08-566-426-91 Europe +44-20-3008-9804 USA +1-855-753-2235 The conference call will also be streamed via a link on the website: www.medivir.com The presentation will be available on Medivir's website after completion of the conference. For further information, please contact: Christine Lind CEO +46-(0)-8-5468 3100 Ola Burmark CFO +46-(0)-725-480-580 CEO's comments The transformation of Medivir Medivir's research activities are now focused on oncology and projects in other areas will consequently be out-licensed. This out-licensing work will initially relate to the rights to develop and commercialise the MIV-802 hepatitis C project in China, Taiwan, Hong Kong, and Macau – an area that was excluded from the licensing agreement concluded with Trek Therapeutics in 2016. We are also working to out-license MIV-323 for the treatment of RSV infections, which we believe has the potential to be best-in class, but in which Medivir is no longer investing itself. The final stage in Medivir's transformation process to becoming a company focused on research and development were completed during the first quarter of the year. An agreement was concluded with Janssen, out-licensing the commercial rights in the Nordic region to simeprevir and potential future products containing simeprevir. Medivir consequently no longer conducts commercialization activities for pharmaceutical products and is now fully focused on research and development activities. The voluntary redemption programme in connection with the divestment of BioPhausia was also completed during the quarter, resulting in the transfer of SEK 857.5 million to the shareholders. Medivir's management bought shares and sold redemption rights from the redemption programme resulting in an increase in the management group's combined shareholding in Medivir. Further progress for projects All of our projects continued to develop according to plan during the quarter. The MIV-711 osteoarthritis trial had its fourth and final expected Data Monitoring Committee review of safety data. All four of the independent Data Monitoring Committee's reviews have yielded the best possible outcome, namely that the ongoing phase IIa trial should continue without any modifications. We expect, as previously stated, to present the data from MIV-711 in the third quarter of 2017. Our research and development activities are now primarily focused on oncology, including the two very interesting projects in this area that were acquired in 2016: remetinostat and birinapant. We reported topline data from the phase II study of remetinostat in CTCL (cutaneous T-cell lymphoma) after the end of the reporting period. The data from the study was positive and we expect to request a meeting with the US FDA in order to enable a phase III study start in the latter half of 2017. We are also looking forward to starting phase I/II studies of birinapant in partnership with both Merck and the University of California (UCLA) in various cancers. Royalties attributable to the approved hepatitis C drug, OLYSIO® (simeprevir) amounted to SEK 13.7 million during the first quarter, due to the decline in global net sales of OLYSIO®. Our partner, Janssen, continues to develop simeprevir in a fixed-dose combination with other direct-acting antivirals for hepatitis C and data from the ongoing phase II program are expected to be presented by our partner at upcoming conferences. A strong, balanced R&D portfolio I am delighted by the opportunity to lead the implementation of our new, oncology-focused strategy. Medivir has a strong, balanced R&D portfolio with interesting projects in various phases. For a more in-depth description of our strategy and portfolio, I recommend the presentations on our website, www.medivir.com. I also have every confidence in the expertise we have built up within our organisation and in our ability to create long-term value for our shareholders. Christine Lind President and CEO  This information is information that Medivir AB is obliged to make public pursuant to the EU Market Abuse Regulation. The information was submitted for publication, through the agency of the contact persons set out above, at 08.30 CET on 28 April 2017. This information was brought to you by Cision http://news.cision.com http://news.cision.com/medivir/r/medivir-ab---interim-report--january---march-2017,c2253077 The following files are available for download: http://mb.cision.com/Main/652/2253077/666286.pdf INTERIM REPORT JANUARY â€" MARCH 2017 To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/medivir-ab--interim-report-january--march-2017-300447883.html SOURCE Medivir 24 Apr, 2017, 03:07 ET Preview: Update on the Development of Simeprevir as Part of the Triple Combination With AL-335 and Odalasvir (JNJ-4178) My News Release contains wide tables. View fullscreen. Also from this source 07 Apr, 2017, 02:57 ET Update on the Development of Simeprevir as Part of the Triple... 07 Apr, 2017, 02:57 ET Medivir Announces Positive Data From the Phase II Study of... Explore More news releases in similar topics Health Care & Hospitals Medical Pharmaceuticals Accounting News & Issues You just read: Medivir AB - Interim Report, January - March 2017 News provided by Medivir 28 Apr, 2017, 03:10 ET Share this article Looking to send a news release with PR Newswire? Take advantage of the world's leading distribution platform. Sign up to get started Request more information Have an account? Log In Phone 8AM - 10PM ET +1-888-776-0942 Send a Release Sign Up Blog For Journalists Contact Us Search Searching for your content... Advanced Search Contact PR Newswire 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Contact Us General Inquiries Request a Demo Editorial Bureaus Partnerships Media Inquiries Worldwide Offices Solutions Cision Communications Cloud™ For Marketers For Public Relations For IR & Compliance For Agency For Small Business All Products About About PR Newswire About Cision Become a Publishing Partner Become a Channel Partner Careers   Global Sites Asia Brazil Canada Czech Denmark Finland France India Israel Mexico Middle East Netherlands Norway Poland Portugal Russia Slovakia Spain Sweden United Kingdom My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Terms of Use Privacy Policy Information Security Policy Statement Site Map RSS Feeds Copyright © 2017 PR Newswire Association LLC. All Rights Reserved. A Cision company. News Solutions Resources News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News español português Česko Danmark Deutschland España France Italia Nederlands Norge Polska Portugal Россия Slovensko Sverige Suomi Phone 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Chat All contact info Send a Release Log In
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 28 April 2017 by DecisionDatabases Gas Chromatography System Market | Outlook Research Report 2015-2022 By DecisionDatabases DecisionDatabases.com offers Gas Chromatography System Market Research Report. This Report covers the complete Industry Outlook, Growth, Size, Share and Forecast Till 2022. The report on global gas chromatography system market evaluates the growth trends of the industry through historical study and estimates future prospects based on comprehensive research. The report extensively provides the market share, growth, trends and forecasts for the period 2015-2022. The market size in terms of revenue (USD MN) is calculated for the study period along with the details of the factors affecting the market growth (drivers and restraints). The major market drivers are food safety and Technological advancement. The market growth might be restricted due High cost of system under the study period. Get FREE Sample Report Copy With FULL Segmentations and TOC @ http://www.decisiondatabases.com/contact/download-sample-16693 Furthermore, the report quantifies the market share held by the major players of the industry and provides an in-depth view of the competitive landscape. This market is classified into different segments with detailed analysis of each with respect to geography for the study period 2015-2022. The comprehensive value chain analysis of the market will assist in attaining better product differentiation, along with detailed understanding of the core competency of each activity involved. The market attractiveness analysis provided in the report aptly measures the potential value of the market providing business strategists with the latest growth opportunities. The report also covers the complete competitive landscape of the worldwide market with company profiles of key players such as Agilent Technologies, Thermo Fisher Scientific, Shimadzu Corporation, PerkinElmer, Sigma-Aldrich Corporation, Phenomenex, W.R. Grace and Company, EMD Millipore/Merck, Millipore, Restek Corporation and Dani Instruments. A detailed description of each has been included, with information in terms of H.Q, future capacities, key mergers & acquisitions, financial overview, partnerships, collaborations, new product launches, new product developments and other latest industrial developments. Table Of Contents – Overview Introduction Executive Summary Market Analysis Gas Chromatography System Market Analysis By Type Gas Chromatography System Market Analysis By Application Gas Chromatography System Market Analysis By Geography Competitive Landscape Of The Gas Chromatography System Companies Company Profiles Of The Gas Chromatography System Industry   Purchase Complete Global Gas Chromatography System Market Research Report At: http://www.decisiondatabases.com/contact/buy-now-16693 About Us: DecisionDatabases.com is a global business research reports provider, enriching decision makers and strategists with qualitative statistics. DecisionDatabases.com is proficient in providing syndicated research report, customized research reports, company profiles and industry databases across multiple domains. Our expert research analysts have been trained to map client’s research requirements to the correct research resource leading to a distinctive edge over its competitors. We provide intellectual, precise and meaningful data at a lightning speed. For more details: DecisionDatabases.com E-Mail: sales@decisiondatabases.com Phone: +91 99 28 237112 Web: www.decisiondatabases.com CategoriesGoogle News, satPRnews TagsGas Chromatography System, Gas Chromatography System Industry, Gas Chromatography System Industry Outlook, Gas Chromatography System Industry Report, Gas Chromatography System Market, Gas Chromatography System Market Analysis, Gas Chromatography System Market Growth, Gas Chromatography System Market Report, Gas Chromatography System Market Share, Gas Chromatography System Market Size, Global Gas Chromatography System Market Report Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Albertin Slonimsky Kartonno-Bumazhny Zavod OAO in Tissue and Hygiene (Belarus) Next PostNext Alkaloid AD Skopje in Tissue and Hygiene (Macedonia) market sizes (historic and forecasts), company shares, brand shares Search Recent Posts Resurfacing Planned for Route 46 Lane Closure on I-35 in Clay County is Cancelled PBB Bancorp Reports Record High Total Asset Increase for First Quarter 2017 Bioneutra Global Corporation Reports Fiscal Year Ended December 31, 2016 Financial Results Global Warship and Naval Vessels Market 2017 Share, Trend, Segmentation and Forecast to 2022 Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 28 April 2017 by Maciej Heyman Medivir AB – Interim Report, January – March 2017 The quarter in brief HUDDINGE, Sweden, April 28, 2017 Significant events during the first quarter The osteoarthritis trial evaluating MIV-711 received the go-ahead to continue without any modifications after a positive fourth review of safety data. Christine Lind has been appointed as the new CEO of Medivir, effective as of 1 April 2017. Medivir's Extraordinary General Meeting, held in February, resolved on a voluntary redemption programme comprising a reduction in the share capital for repayment to the shareholders. Total cash proceeds of approximately SEK 857.5 million were distributed. An agreement was reached with Janssen concerning the out-licensing of the commercial rights to simeprevir and any products containing simeprevir in the Nordic region. In exchange, Medivir will receive royalties on all sales in the Nordic region of products containing simeprevir. The agreement also entitles Medivir to additional milestone payments with a combined value of approximately EUR 6 million. Medivir has, furthermore, returned the commercial rights to Adasuve in the Nordic region to Ferrer. Financial summary Net turnover for the continuing operations totalled SEK 17.8 million (20.6 m), SEK 13.7 million (18.1 m) of which comprised the first quarter's royalties for simeprevir. Other operating income totalled SEK 2.4 million (4.8 m). The loss before interest, tax, depreciation and amortisation (EBITDA) totalled SEK -80.9 million (-60.7 m). Basic and diluted earnings per share were SEK -3.59 (-1.50). The cash flow from operating activities amounted to SEK -123.9 million (-36.4 m). Non-recurring personnel costs of SEK 10.0 million (0.0 m) affected the result during the quarter. Liquid assets and short-term investments totalled SEK 708.9 million (1,039.5 m) at the period end. Significant events after the period end  Positive data from the phase II clinical study of remetinostat in patients with cutaneous T-cell lymphoma were announced in April. Data from an ongoing phase II study with the triple combination of simeprevir, odalasvir and AL-335, was presented at The International Liver Congress™ in April. Conference call for investors, analysts and the media The Interim Report for January – March 2017 will be presented by Medivir's President & CEO, Christine Lind. Time: Friday, 28 April 2017, at 14.00 (CET). Phone numbers for participants from: Sweden 08-566-426-91 Europe +44-20-3008-9804 USA +1-855-753-2235 The conference call will also be streamed via a link on the website: www.medivir.com The presentation will be available on Medivir's website after completion of the conference. For further information, please contact: Christine Lind CEO +46-(0)-8-5468 3100 Ola Burmark CFO +46-(0)-725-480-580 CEO's comments The transformation of Medivir Medivir's research activities are now focused on oncology and projects in other areas will consequently be out-licensed. This out-licensing work will initially relate to the rights to develop and commercialise the MIV-802 hepatitis C project in China, Taiwan, Hong Kong, and Macau – an area that was excluded from the licensing agreement concluded with Trek Therapeutics in 2016. We are also working to out-license MIV-323 for the treatment of RSV infections, which we believe has the potential to be best-in class, but in which Medivir is no longer investing itself. The final stage in Medivir's transformation process to becoming a company focused on research and development were completed during the first quarter of the year. An agreement was concluded with Janssen, out-licensing the commercial rights in the Nordic region to simeprevir and potential future products containing simeprevir. Medivir consequently no longer conducts commercialization activities for pharmaceutical products and is now fully focused on research and development activities. The voluntary redemption programme in connection with the divestment of BioPhausia was also completed during the quarter, resulting in the transfer of SEK 857.5 million to the shareholders. Medivir's management bought shares and sold redemption rights from the redemption programme resulting in an increase in the management group's combined shareholding in Medivir. Further progress for projects All of our projects continued to develop according to plan during the quarter. The MIV-711 osteoarthritis trial had its fourth and final expected Data Monitoring Committee review of safety data. All four of the independent Data Monitoring Committee's reviews have yielded the best possible outcome, namely that the ongoing phase IIa trial should continue without any modifications. We expect, as previously stated, to present the data from MIV-711 in the third quarter of 2017. Our research and development activities are now primarily focused on oncology, including the two very interesting projects in this area that were acquired in 2016: remetinostat and birinapant. We reported topline data from the phase II study of remetinostat in CTCL (cutaneous T-cell lymphoma) after the end of the reporting period. The data from the study was positive and we expect to request a meeting with the US FDA in order to enable a phase III study start in the latter half of 2017. We are also looking forward to starting phase I/II studies of birinapant in partnership with both Merck and the University of California (UCLA) in various cancers. Royalties attributable to the approved hepatitis C drug, OLYSIO® (simeprevir) amounted to SEK 13.7 million during the first quarter, due to the decline in global net sales of OLYSIO®. Our partner, Janssen, continues to develop simeprevir in a fixed-dose combination with other direct-acting antivirals for hepatitis C and data from the ongoing phase II program are expected to be presented by our partner at upcoming conferences. A strong, balanced R&D portfolio I am delighted by the opportunity to lead the implementation of our new, oncology-focused strategy. Medivir has a strong, balanced R&D portfolio with interesting projects in various phases. For a more in-depth description of our strategy and portfolio, I recommend the presentations on our website, www.medivir.com. I also have every confidence in the expertise we have built up within our organisation and in our ability to create long-term value for our shareholders. Christine Lind President and CEO  This information is information that Medivir AB is obliged to make public pursuant to the EU Market Abuse Regulation. The information was submitted for publication, through the agency of the contact persons set out above, at 08.30 CET on 28 April 2017. This information was brought to you by Cision http://news.cision.com http://news.cision.com/medivir/r/medivir-ab---interim-report--january---march-2017,c2253077 The following files are available for download: http://mb.cision.com/Main/652/2253077/666286.pdf INTERIM REPORT JANUARY â€" MARCH 2017 SOURCE Medivir CategoriesUncategorized TagsAccounting News & Issues, Health Care/Hospitals, Medical/Pharmaceuticals Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Total Voting Rights and Share Capital Next PostNext Global Business Development Services Provider, Good Leads®, named Head of Delegation for U.S. to Naturallia 2017 Search Recent Posts HH Sheikh Maktoum bin Mohammed bin Rashid Al Maktoum Honore 10 Lauréats de 8 Pays au Prix Mondial de l’Eau lancé par Mohammed bin Rashid Al Maktoum HH Sheikh Maktoum bin Mohammed bin Rashid Al Maktoum Honore 10 Lauréats de 8 Pays au Prix Mondial de l’Eau lancé par Mohammed bin Rashid Al Maktoum Xiaomi Mi Pad 3 new Xiaomi tablet Arrive Gearbest Oxford Investment Group Invests in Katherine Cosmetics Michelle Obama Wears „Lafayette 148 New York Dress” in First Public Appearance Post-White House Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 28 April 2017 by Maciej Heyman Global Nanotechnology Drug Delivery Systems Market by Technologies, Applications, Growth Trends and Forecast to 2021, New Report by iHealthcareAnalyst, Inc. Global Nanotechnology Drug Delivery Systems Market by Technologies, Applications, Growth Trends and Forecast to 2021, New Report by iHealthcareAnalyst, Inc. Nanotechnology Drug Delivery Systems Market by Technology Types (Nanocrystals, Nanoparticles, Dendrimers, Gold Nanoparticles, Fullerenes, Liposomes, Micelles, Nanotubes), and Applications (Anti-Infective, Anti-Inflammatory, Immunology, Cardiovascular, Physiology, Neurology, Oncology) and Forecast 2017-2021 Maryland Heights, MO, April 28, 2017 –(PR.com)– Nanotechnology drug delivery systems involve the engineering of functional systems at the molecular scale, characterized by unique physical, optical and electronic features. Nanomedicine is a highly specific medical intervention for the prevention, diagnosis and treatment of diseases. Several anti-cancer drugs including paclitaxel, doxorubicin, 5-fluorouracil and dexamethasone have been successfully formulated using nanomaterials. Quantom dots, chitosan, Polylactic or glycolic acid (PLGA) and PLGA-based nanoparticles have also been used for in vitro RNAi delivery. The ability of nanotechnology to provide targeted drug delivery, improved solubility, extended half-life and reduce a drug’s immunogenicity has resulted in the potential to revolutionize the treatment of many diseases. Over the last two decades, significant progress has been made in the field of nanomedicine, resulting in a number of products, including therapeutics and imaging agents, enabling more effective and less toxic therapeutic and diagnostic interventions Browse Nanotechnology Drug Delivery Systems Market by Technology Types (Nanocrystals, Nanoparticles, Dendrimers, Gold Nanoparticles, Fullerenes, Liposomes, Micelles, Nanotubes), and Applications (Anti-Infective, Anti-Inflammatory, Immunology, Cardiovascular, Physiology, Neurology, Oncology) and Forecast 2017-2021 at https://www.ihealthcareanalyst.com/report/nanotechnology-drug-delivery-systems-market/ The global nanotechnology drug delivery systems market segmentation is based on technology types (nanocrystals, nanoparticles, dendrimers, gold nanoparticles, fullerenes, liposomes, micelles, nanotubes), and its applications (anti-infective, anti-inflammatory, immunology, cardiovascular, physiology, neurology, oncology). The global nanotechnology drug delivery systems market report provides market size (Revenue USD Million 2014 to 2021), market share and forecasts growth trends (CAGR%, 2017 to 2021). The global nanotechnology drug delivery systems market report also provides the detailed market landscape (market drivers, restraints, opportunities), market attractiveness analysis and profiles of major competitors in the global market including company overview, financial snapshot, key products, technologies and services offered, and recent developments. The global nanotechnology drug delivery systems market research report is further segmented by geography into North America (U.S., Canada), Latin America (Brazil, Mexico, Rest of LA), Europe (U.K., Germany, France, Italy, Spain, Rest of EU), Asia Pacific (Japan, China, India, Rest of APAC), and Rest of the World. Major players operating in the global nanotechnology drug delivery systems market and included in this report are AbbVie, Amgen, Celgene Corporation, Elan Pharmaceuticals, Johnson & Johnson, Pfizer, Inc., Merck & Co., Novartis AG, and Teva Pharmaceuticals. 1. Technology 1.1. Nanocrystals 1.2. Nanoparticles 1.3. Dendrimers 1.4. Gold Nanoparticles 1.5. Fullerenes 1.6. Liposomes 1.7. Micelles 1.8. Nanotubes 1.9. Others 2. Application 2.1. Anti-infective 2.2. Anti-inflammatory/Immunology 2.3. Cardiovascular/Physiology 2.4. Neurology 2.5. Oncology 2.6. Others 3. Geography (Region, Country) 3.1. North America (U.S., Canada) 3.2. Latin America (Brazil, Mexico, Rest of LA) 3.3. Europe (U.K., Germany, France, Italy, Spain, Rest of EU) 3.4. Asia Pacific (Japan, China, India, Rest of APAC) 3.5. Rest of the World 4. Company Profiles 4.1. AbbVie, Inc. 4.2. Amgen Inc. 4.3. Celgene Corporation 4.4. Johnson & Johnson 4.5. Merck & Co., Inc. 4.6. Novartis International AG 4.7. Perrigo Company plc 4.8. Pfizer, Inc. 4.9. Teva Pharmaceutical Industries Ltd. To request Table of Contents and Sample Pages of this report visit: https://www.ihealthcareanalyst.com/report/nanotechnology-drug-delivery-systems-market/ About Us iHealthcareAnalyst, Inc. is a global healthcare market research and consulting company providing market analysis, and competitive intelligence services to global clients. The company publishes syndicate, custom and consulting grade healthcare reports covering animal healthcare, biotechnology, clinical diagnostics, healthcare informatics, healthcare services, medical devices, medical equipment, and pharmaceuticals. In addition to multi-client studies, we offer creative consulting services and conduct proprietary single-client assignments targeted at client’s specific business objectives, information needs, time frame and budget. Please contact us to receive a proposal for a proprietary single-client study. Contact Us iHealthcareAnalyst, Inc. 2109, Mckelvey Hill Drive, Maryland Heights, MO 63043 United States Email: sales@ihealthcareanalyst.com Website: https://www.ihealthcareanalyst.com CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Huntkey Launches Its New Website Next PostNext Stromtank – Presentation of New Models Search Recent Posts Kings Of Leon Tour Tickets: TicketsTeam.com Presents Discount On All Additional Kings Of Leon 2017 “Walls Tour” Dates Concert Tickets With Coupon Code Announcing VanEck Vectors ETFs’ April 2017 Distributions American Vanguard Schedules 2017 First Quarter Earnings Release and Conference Call for Thursday, May 4TH Echocardiography (ECG) Devices Market Research Report, Industry Analysis and Growth Forecast from 2017 to 2021 Spa Tables Market: Global Growth, Key Companies, Structure analysis and Forecast to 2021 Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 28 April 2017 by Maciej Heyman Medivir AB – Interim Report, January – March 2017 HUDDINGE, Sweden, April 28, 2017 Significant events during the first quarter The osteoarthritis trial evaluating MIV-711 received the go-ahead to continue without any modifications after a positive fourth review of safety data. Christine Lind has been appointed as the new CEO of Medivir, effective as of 1 April 2017. Medivir’s Extraordinary General Meeting, held in February, resolved on a voluntary redemption programme comprising a reduction in the share capital for repayment to the shareholders. Total cash proceeds of approximately SEK 857.5 million were distributed. An agreement was reached with Janssen concerning the out-licensing of the commercial rights to simeprevir and any products containing simeprevir in the Nordic region. In exchange, Medivir will receive royalties on all sales in the Nordic region of products containing simeprevir. The agreement also entitles Medivir to additional milestone payments with a combined value of approximately EUR 6 million. Medivir has, furthermore, returned the commercial rights to Adasuve in the Nordic region to Ferrer. Financial summary Net turnover for the continuing operations totalled SEK 17.8 million (20.6 m), SEK 13.7 million (18.1 m) of which comprised the first quarter’s royalties for simeprevir. Other operating income totalled SEK 2.4 million (4.8 m). The loss before interest, tax, depreciation and amortisation (EBITDA) totalled SEK -80.9 million (-60.7 m). Basic and diluted earnings per share were SEK -3.59 (-1.50). The cash flow from operating activities amounted to SEK -123.9 million (-36.4 m). Non-recurring personnel costs of SEK 10.0 million (0.0 m) affected the result during the quarter. Liquid assets and short-term investments totalled SEK 708.9 million (1,039.5 m) at the period end. Significant events after the period end  Positive data from the phase II clinical study of remetinostat in patients with cutaneous T-cell lymphoma were announced in April. Data from an ongoing phase II study with the triple combination of simeprevir, odalasvir and AL-335, was presented at The International Liver Congress™ in April. Conference call for investors, analysts and the media The Interim Report for January – March 2017 will be presented by Medivir’s President & CEO, Christine Lind. Time: Friday, 28 April 2017, at 14.00 (CET). Phone numbers for participants from: Sweden 08-566-426-91 Europe +44-20-3008-9804 USA +1-855-753-2235 The conference call will also be streamed via a link on the website: www.medivir.com The presentation will be available on Medivir’s website after completion of the conference. For further information, please contact: Christine Lind CEO +46-(0)-8-5468 3100 Ola Burmark CFO +46-(0)-725-480-580 CEO’s comments The transformation of Medivir Medivir’s research activities are now focused on oncology and projects in other areas will consequently be out-licensed. This out-licensing work will initially relate to the rights to develop and commercialise the MIV-802 hepatitis C project in China, Taiwan, Hong Kong, and Macau – an area that was excluded from the licensing agreement concluded with Trek Therapeutics in 2016. We are also working to out-license MIV-323 for the treatment of RSV infections, which we believe has the potential to be best-in class, but in which Medivir is no longer investing itself. The final stage in Medivir’s transformation process to becoming a company focused on research and development were completed during the first quarter of the year. An agreement was concluded with Janssen, out-licensing the commercial rights in the Nordic region to simeprevir and potential future products containing simeprevir. Medivir consequently no longer conducts commercialization activities for pharmaceutical products and is now fully focused on research and development activities. The voluntary redemption programme in connection with the divestment of BioPhausia was also completed during the quarter, resulting in the transfer of SEK 857.5 million to the shareholders. Medivir’s management bought shares and sold redemption rights from the redemption programme resulting in an increase in the management group’s combined shareholding in Medivir. Further progress for projects All of our projects continued to develop according to plan during the quarter. The MIV-711 osteoarthritis trial had its fourth and final expected Data Monitoring Committee review of safety data. All four of the independent Data Monitoring Committee’s reviews have yielded the best possible outcome, namely that the ongoing phase IIa trial should continue without any modifications. We expect, as previously stated, to present the data from MIV-711 in the third quarter of 2017. Our research and development activities are now primarily focused on oncology, including the two very interesting projects in this area that were acquired in 2016: remetinostat and birinapant. We reported topline data from the phase II study of remetinostat in CTCL (cutaneous T-cell lymphoma) after the end of the reporting period. The data from the study was positive and we expect to request a meeting with the US FDA in order to enable a phase III study start in the latter half of 2017. We are also looking forward to starting phase I/II studies of birinapant in partnership with both Merck and the University of California (UCLA) in various cancers. Royalties attributable to the approved hepatitis C drug, OLYSIO® (simeprevir) amounted to SEK 13.7 million during the first quarter, due to the decline in global net sales of OLYSIO®. Our partner, Janssen, continues to develop simeprevir in a fixed-dose combination with other direct-acting antivirals for hepatitis C and data from the ongoing phase II program are expected to be presented by our partner at upcoming conferences. A strong, balanced R&D portfolio I am delighted by the opportunity to lead the implementation of our new, oncology-focused strategy. Medivir has a strong, balanced R&D portfolio with interesting projects in various phases. For a more in-depth description of our strategy and portfolio, I recommend the presentations on our website, www.medivir.com. I also have every confidence in the expertise we have built up within our organisation and in our ability to create long-term value for our shareholders. Christine Lind President and CEO  This information is information that Medivir AB is obliged to make public pursuant to the EU Market Abuse Regulation. The information was submitted for publication, through the agency of the contact persons set out above, at 08.30 CET on 28 April 2017. This information was brought to you by Cision http://news.cision.com http://news.cision.com/medivir/r/medivir-ab—interim-report–january—march-2017,c2253077 The following files are available for download: To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/medivir-ab–interim-report-january–march-2017-300447883.html SOURCE Medivir CategoriesUncategorized TagsAccounting News & Issues Post navigation Previous PostPrevious CNP Technologies Unified Communications Team Introduces New Contact Center Solution Next PostNext Woolsy Corporation Launches Allumière Antiaging Cream Search Recent Posts HH Sheikh Maktoum bin Mohammed bin Rashid Al Maktoum Honore 10 Lauréats de 8 Pays au Prix Mondial de l’Eau lancé par Mohammed bin Rashid Al Maktoum HH Sheikh Maktoum bin Mohammed bin Rashid Al Maktoum Honore 10 Lauréats de 8 Pays au Prix Mondial de l’Eau lancé par Mohammed bin Rashid Al Maktoum Xiaomi Mi Pad 3 new Xiaomi tablet Arrive Gearbest Oxford Investment Group Invests in Katherine Cosmetics Michelle Obama Wears „Lafayette 148 New York Dress” in First Public Appearance Post-White House Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 28 April 2017 by Persistence Market Research Global Infectious Diseases Therapeutics Market to Record an Exponential CAGR 2020 Globally, major burden on public health is posed by infectious diseases such as HIV, malaria, tuberculosis, hepatitis A, hepatitis C, hepatitis C and influenza. Infectious diseases are the major cause of death in the world. According to World Health Organization (WHO), globally 16% of deaths are resulted due to infectious diseases. Various pathogen microorganisms, such as parasites, virus, bacteria and fungi, cause infectious diseases. Poor sanitation and inadequate personal hygiene causes various infectious diseases. These diseases are transmitted through direct or indirect contact. Anti-infective drugs are used to prevent or destroy the growth of pathogens. Antibacterial, antiviral, antifungal and antiparacitic drugs are some of the anti- infective drugs used for the treatment of infectious diseases.  A sample of this report is available upon request @ www.persistencemarketresearch.com/samples/3380 North America dominates the global market for infectious diseases therapeutics due to increasing incidence of infectious diseases and rise in aging population. Asia followed by the Europe are expected to show high growth rates in the next five years in the global infectious diseases therapeutics market. China and India are expected to be the fastest growing infectious diseases therapeutics markets in Asia-Pacific region. Some of the key driving forces for infectious diseases therapeutics market in emerging countries are large pool of patients and rising government funding. In recent times there is increased use of infectious diseases therapeutics due to increasing incidence of infectious diseases. Increase use of direct acting anti-viral, increase in geriatric population and increasing healthcare expenditure are some of the key factors driving the growth for the global infectious diseases therapeutics market. In addition, increasing healthcare awareness is also fuelling the growth of the global infectious diseases therapeutics market. However, generic erosion is the major factors restraining the growth for the global infectious diseases therapeutics market. Patent expiration of infectious disease drugs could lead a challenge for the global infectious diseases therapeutics market. Some of the trends for the global infectious diseases therapeutics market are emergence of interferon free regimes and increasing awareness programs. To view TOC of this report is available upon request @ www.persistencemarketresearch.com/toc/3380 Some of the major companies operating in the global infectious diseases therapeutics market are Merck & Co., Pfizer, Johnson & Johnson, F. Hoffmann-La Roche, GlaxoSmithKline Pharmaceutical, Inc., Auritec Pharmaceuticals, Novartis, Achillion Pharmaceuticals, Isis Pharmaceuticals and Gilead Sciences. About Us Persistence Market Research (PMR) is a third-platform research firm. Our research model is a unique collaboration of data analytics and market research methodology to help businesses achieve optimal performance. To support companies in overcoming complex business challenges, we follow a multi-disciplinary approach. At PMR, we unite various data streams from multi-dimensional sources. By deploying real-time data collection, big data, and customer experience analytics, we deliver business intelligence for organizations of all sizes. Contact Us Persistence Market Research 305 Broadway 7th Floor, New York City, NY 10007, United States, USA – Canada Toll Free: 800-961-0353 Email: sales@persistencemarketresearch.com Web: www.persistencemarketresearch.com CategoriesGoogle News, Satellite, satPRnews TagsGlobal Infectious Diseases Therapeutics Market, Healthcare, Infectious Diseases, Infectious Diseases Therapeutics, Infectious Diseases Therapeutics Market Post navigation Previous PostPrevious JAKKS annonce la finalisation d’une vente pour 19,3 millions USD d’actions ordinaires à son partenaire de coentreprise Hong Kong Meisheng Culture Company Ltd. Next PostNext Craven Street Capital Limited – MBO and Rebranding of PSource Capital Limited Search Recent Posts Health care has highest occupational injury rate of all sectors in B.C. For Small Business Week, IRS Highlights Products for Established and Emerging Businesses SeaWorld San Diego Holds Most Unique Hollywood Casting Call in History as Auditioners Compete to Earn World’s First Performing Arts “B.A.” (Balancing Arts) Degree KBR Statement on SFO Investigation Pinnacle Bank Announces Q1 2017 Results Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 28 April 2017 by Maciej Heyman Aerosol Therapy Market – Global Industry Analysis, Trends and Forecast 2016 – 2024 Aerosol is suspension of liquid or solid particles in a carrier gas, which makes use of it for treatment of respiratory system related diseases. Different forms of drugs can be utilized for aerosol therapy such as solid particles, liquid particles, solutions, and suspensions. Until recently, aerosol therapy concentrated primarily on treatment of asthma and COPD for which, pressurized metered-dose inhaler device was used. However, the role of aerosol therapy is expanding beyond the initial focus. This expansion eliminated CFC-based traditional metered-dose inhalers devices. This will ultimately boost the market growth of aerosol therapy in the field of gene therapy, inhalation therapy and vaccination. Aerosol therapy is a natural and easiest way to treat asthma, COPD, cystic fibrosis, and broncho pulmonary dysplasia (BPD). Aerosol therapy is also used to deliver insulin, vaccines of influenza and measles, and pain medications. Aerosol treatment therapy gives an excellent and cost-efficient drug delivery. This therapy is effective for patients who cannot use metered-dose inhalers; primary inhalation devices are produced that guarantee breath-actuated aerosol delivery with minimal side effects. Aerosol therapy provides a fast and non-invasive way for treatment of lung disorders as the drug is delivered at the receptor site. Effectiveness of the therapy depends on how deeply aerosol particles infiltrate into the bronchial track and where the particles are deposited. A particle size under 2μm is ideal and can permeate up to the peripheral airways. That is why most commercially available aerosol devices produce droplets of roughly this size. Read Full Report: www.transparencymarketresearch.com/aerosol-therapy-market… As per the World Health Organization, about half the cases of asthma and COPD are due to hereditary weakness and the other cases are due to environmental factors. The effect of pollution is likely to intensify globally along with industrialization of areas, and increasing the number of vehicles. Current government activities and rising healthcare investments are drivers of aerosol therapy market, which would upgrade over the examination time frame. Increasing prices are major factor that is restraining the growth of the market in terms of value. The global market for aerosol therapy is segmented on the basis of product type, technology, disease indication, end user and geography: • Segmentation by product type: • Inhalers • Dry Powder Inhalers (DPIs) • Metered Dose Inhalers (MDIs) • Nebulizers • Ultrasonic Nebulizer • Compressed Air-Jet nebulizers • Vibrating membrane device • Bronchodilators • Segmentation by technology: • Manually operated • Digitally operated • Segmentation by disease indication: • Asthma • COPD • BPD • Other • Segmentation by end user: • Hospitals • Clinics • Ambulatory Surgical Centers • Individual Currently metered dose inhaler majorly contributes to the market and is expected to dominate the market over the forecast period. As per the data, COPD is third leading cause of death and fifth leading cause of disability. Also, factors like increasing pollution, improper lifestyles are the factors that drive the growth of the market. Download exclusive Sample of this report: www.transparencymarketresearch.com/sample/sample.php?flag… On the basis of regional presence, global aerosol therapy market is segmented into five key regions viz. North America, Latin America, Europe, Asia-Pacific, and the Middle East & Africa. Asthma symptoms were detected in 26 million persons who live in the U.S., of which, 19 million comprise adults and 7 million comprise children. With this rate, North America is expected to dominate the market. Asia Pacific (mostly China and India) market is estimated to grow at a relatively fast rate over the forecast period. The largest manufacturers of aerosol therapy devices are Merck, Boehringer Ingelheim GmbH, GlaxoSmithKline, and AstraZeneca Plc. In 2001, SmithKline Beecham and GlaxoWellcome merged together and became GlaxoSmithKline, who became a key player in this field. Also, Novartis AGTeva Pharmaceuticals, Opko Health, Omron Healthcare Co., Covidien plc., GE Healthcare Ltd., Philips Healthcare, Agilent Technologies, Inc. Ltd, GF Health Products, Inc. are other important players in this market. About us: Transparency Market Research (TMR) is a U.S.-based provider of syndicated research, customized research, and consulting services. TMR’s global and regional market intelligence coverage includes industries such as pharmaceutical, chemicals and materials, technology and media, food and beverages, and consumer goods, among others. Each TMR research report provides clients with a 360-degree view of the market with statistical forecasts, competitive landscape, detailed segmentation, key trends, and strategic recommendations. Contact us: Transparency Market Research 90 State Street, Suite 700, Albany NY – 12207 United States Tel: +1-518-618-1030 USA – Canada Toll Free 866-552-3453 Email: sales@transparencymarketresearch.com Website: www.transparencymarketresearch.com/ This release was published on openPR. CategoriesUncategorized TagsHealth & Medicine Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Aesthetic Equipment Market – Latest Innovations, Drivers, Restraints, Challenges and Forecast 2016 – 2024 Next PostNext Advanced Wound Care Management Market is Expected to Rise at a Remarkable CAGR During 2024 Search Recent Posts HH Sheikh Maktoum bin Mohammed bin Rashid Al Maktoum Honore 10 Lauréats de 8 Pays au Prix Mondial de l’Eau lancé par Mohammed bin Rashid Al Maktoum HH Sheikh Maktoum bin Mohammed bin Rashid Al Maktoum Honore 10 Lauréats de 8 Pays au Prix Mondial de l’Eau lancé par Mohammed bin Rashid Al Maktoum Xiaomi Mi Pad 3 new Xiaomi tablet Arrive Gearbest Oxford Investment Group Invests in Katherine Cosmetics Michelle Obama Wears „Lafayette 148 New York Dress” in First Public Appearance Post-White House Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 29 April 2017 by Maciej Heyman Hamilton Thorne Announces the Acquisition of Gynemed GmbH & Co. KG and Related Financing Transactions /EINPresswire.com/ — BEVERLY, MASSACHUSETTS and TORONTO, ONTARIO–(Marketwired – Apr 28, 2017) – Hamilton Thorne Ltd. (TSX VENTURE:HTL) („Hamilton Thorne” or the „Company”), a leading provider of precision instruments, consumables, software and services to the Assisted Reproductive Technologies (ART) and developmental biology research markets today announced that it has completed the acquisition of Gynemed GmbH & Co. KG („Gynemed”) for total consideration of Euro 13.9 million (approximately US$15.1 million) (the „Transaction”). Gynemed, based in Lensahn, Germany is a leading manufacturer and distributor of consumables and equipment for the in vitro fertilization („IVF”) clinic and laboratory markets. The Transaction results in the significant expansion of Hamilton Thorne’s product offerings and provides the Company with profitable operations in the well-established European ART market. For the year ended December 31, 2016, Gynemed had revenues of approximately Euro 8.8 million (approximately US$9.6 million), net income of approximately Euro 2.2 million (approximately US$2.4 million) and EBITDA of approximately Euro 2.6 million (approximately US$2.8 million). Key Benefits of the Transaction: Addition of a profitable portfolio of premium products that are highly complementary to Hamilton Thorne’s existing product and service offerings Expected to be materially accretive to revenue and EBITDA Diversifies and increases product offerings and recurring revenue Opportunity to expand Gynemed product offerings into additional international markets and to increase European sales of existing Hamilton Thorne products Financed through the expansion of an existing credit facility and an equity offering „We are excited to welcome our new partners from Gynemed to the Hamilton Thorne family. This transformative acquisition significantly enhances the size of our business and provides a new platform for continued growth of our business,” said David Wolf, President and Chief Executive Officer of Hamilton Thorne. „Gynemed is a well-established and respected provider of premium clinical and laboratory consumables and equipment in the European ART market that importantly shares our total commitment to the highest standards in customer service and quality. I am particularly excited that all of Gynemed’s current employees and leadership team will continue to operate and lead the growth of the existing Gynemed business and collaborate with our existing Hamilton Thorne team on several new avenues of growth for our combined operations. This acquisition enhances our presence in the very attractive European ART market, further diversifies our revenue base and increases our percentage of recurring revenues through the sale of consumable products, including Gynemed’s IVF cell culture media solutions.” Dr. Fabian Sell, CEO of Gynemed commented, „My co-founders and I founded Gynemed 20 years ago to provide premium products backed by the highest quality scientific data. We are very pleased to be joining Hamilton Thorne who shares our belief in quality and service. We believe that the combination of the businesses can significantly accelerate the growth of both the Hamilton Thorne and Gynemed operations around the world. The management and board of Hamilton Thorne have been strong partners during this process and we look forward to the future of the combined Company.” Acquisition Details Pursuant to the Transaction, Hamilton Thorne indirectly acquired 100% of the partnership interests of Gynemed and its general partner under the terms and conditions of share purchase and transfer agreement (the „Purchase Agreement”) dated April 28, 2017 between a wholly owned subsidiary of the Hamilton Thorne, Gynemed’s general partner and the limited partners and shareholders of Gynemed and its general partner (the „Sellers”). On closing, Hamilton Thorne paid aggregate consideration of approximately Euro 13.9 million (approximately US$15.1 million). The consideration consisted of approximately Euro 8.6 million (approximately US$9.3 million) in cash, the issuance of an aggregate of 5,525,523 common shares (the „Seller Shares”) of Hamilton Thorne at a deemed issuance price of C$0.57 per share with a deemed aggregate value of approximately Euro 2.1 million (approximately US$2.3 million), and the issuance of 3 year, unsecured convertible debentures of Hamilton Thorne in the principal amount of approximately Euro 3.2 million (approximately US$3.5 million) (the „Debentures”). The Debentures will accrue interest at a rate of 4.25% per annum and are convertible, at the option of the holder, into common shares of Hamilton Thorne („Conversion Shares”) at a conversion price equal to the Euro equivalent of C$0.63 per Conversion Share based on a staged, 3-year optional conversion schedule (with 20%, 25% and 55%, respectively, of the outstanding principal amount of Debentures becoming convertible on each anniversary of the closing, subject to acceleration in certain circumstances). The Seller Shares will be subject to a 1-year escrow pending final calculation of certain closing adjustments and to satisfy any possible indemnity claims. The seller was advised by Dr. Claus Michelfelder of CMC Medical AG. Concurrent Financing Details The aggregate cash component of this transaction was financed with the Company’s cash on hand, an expanded secured credit facility from our existing senior lender Middlesex Savings Bank and through brokered and non-brokered private placements of common shares of Hamilton Thorne („Offered Shares) at a price of C$0.54 per Offered Share for aggregate gross proceeds of C$12.5 million (approximately US$9.2 million) (the „Private Placement”). The expanded credit facility includes a new term loan of US$4.0 million (the „Term Loan”). The Term Loan bears interest at a rate of 4.49% per annum, amortizes over the life of the loan, and matures five years from the closing date. This Term Loan augments Hamilton Thorne’s existing US$5.5 million term loan put in place to finance the acquisition of Embryotech Laboratories, Inc. (approximately US$5.0 of which is currently outstanding) and the Company’s US$2.5 million line of credit (approximately US$1.3 million of which was outstanding as of closing). The Private Placement included the issuance of an aggregate of 15,774,068 Offered Shares (approximately C$8.5 million) on a best efforts agency basis (the „Brokered Private Placement”) and an aggregate of 7,374,073 Offered Shares (approximately C$4.0 million) on a non-brokered basis (the „Concurrent Private Placement”). Bloom Burton Securities Inc. („Bloom Burton”) acted as financial advisor of Hamilton Thorne in connection with the Transaction and acted as sole agent in connection with the Brokered Private Placement. In connection with the Brokered Private Placement, the Agent received a total cash commission of $583,029.77 and 1,079,684 non-transferable broker warrants („Broker Warrants”). Each broker warrant is exercisable for a period of 12 months into one common share of Hamilton Thorne at a price of C$0.54 per common share. The net proceeds were used by Hamilton Thorne to fund a portion of the cash component of the purchase price for the Transaction, and will be used for working capital and general corporate purposes and to fund potential future acquisitions. All securities issued under the Private Placement and the Transaction will be subject to a four month hold period from the closing date under applicable Canadian securities laws. The Private Placement is subject to receipt of final acceptance from the TSX Venture Exchange. Related Party Transaction An aggregate of 2,600,000 Offered Shares representing gross proceeds of approximately C$1,404,000 were issued to certain „related parties” (as such term is defined in Multilateral Instrument 61-101 – Protection of Minority Security Holders in Special Transactions („MI 61-101”)) to the Company pursuant to the Non-Brokered Private Placement. In accordance with MI 61-101, such related party subscriptions constitute a „related party transaction.” The Company is exempt from the formal valuation requirement of MI 61-101 in connection with the related party subscriptions in reliance on section 5.5(b) of MI 61-101, as no securities of the Company are listed or quoted for trading on the Toronto Stock Exchange, the New York Stock Exchange, the American Stock Exchange, the NASDAQ stock market or any other stock exchange outside of Canada and the United States. Additionally, the Company is exempt from obtaining minority shareholder approval in connection with the related party subscriptions in reliance on section 5.7(1)(a) of MI 61-101, as the aggregate value of the related party subscriptions does not exceed 25% of the market capitalization of the Company. Due to the expedited timeline of the Transaction and the Private Placement, there will be less than 21 days between the date the Company files its material change report in respect of the Private Placement and the Transaction and the completion date of the Private Placement. Option Grant The Company also announced that it has granted a total of 550,000 stock options to Gynemed’s employees to purchase common shares pursuant to the Company’s incentive stock option plan. The options are exercisable at Cdn$0.63 per share, and expire ten years from the date of grant. Grants to employees vest over four years. About Hamilton Thorne Ltd. (www.hamiltonthorne.com) Hamilton Thorne is a leading world-wide provider of precision instruments, consumables, software and services that reduce cost, increase productivity, improve results and enable breakthroughs in Assisted Reproductive Technologies (ART) and developmental biology research markets. Hamilton Thorne’s laser products attach to standard inverted microscopes and operate as micro-surgical devices, enabling a wide array of scientific applications and In Vitro Fertilization (IVF) procedures. Its image analysis systems are designed to bring quality, efficiency and reliability to studies of reproductive cells in the human fertility, animal sciences and reproductive toxicology fields. Hamilton Thorne’s standardized toxicology assays and quality control testing services help to improve outcomes in human IVF clinics. Hamilton Thorne’s growing worldwide customer base consists of pharmaceutical companies, biotechnology companies, fertility clinics, university research centers, animal breeding companies, and other commercial and academic research establishments, including Harvard, MIT, Yale, McGill, Oxford, Cambridge, the Smithsonian Institution, Charles River Labs, Covance, ABS Global, Sexing Technologies, Merck, Cook Medical, Novartis, Pfizer, and Dow Chemical. About GYNEMED GmbH & Co. KG (http://www.gynemed.de) GYNEMED GmbH & Co. KG is a leading manufacturer and distributor of products for reproductive medicine, including clinical and laboratory equipment and disposables, as well as complete installations of ART clinics. Gynemed offers a complete range of cell culture media for the embryology and andrology laboratory in the ART clinic. Founded in 1998, Gynemed’s has, since inception, demonstrated a commitment to quality products and services in Germany, Austria and Switzerland and is expanding across other European markets and internationally. Neither the TSX Venture Exchange, nor its regulation services provider (as that term is defined in the policies of the exchange), accepts responsibility for the adequacy or accuracy of this release. Note re Non-IFRS Measures The Company has included earnings before interest, income taxes, depreciation and amortization, („EBITDA”) as a non-IFRS measure, which is used by management as a measure of financial performance. For further information, see section entitled „Use of Non-IFRS Measures” in the Company’s Management Discussion and Analysis for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2016, a copy of which is available under the Company’s profile on SEDAR at www.sedar.com. The historical financial information of Gynemed included in this press release is based on the audited financial statements of Gynemed for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2016 (the „Gynemed Financial Statements”). The Gynemed Financials Statement were prepared in accordance with German generally accepted accounting principles. Accordingly, readers are cautioned that such results have not been reconciled to IFRS and may be subject to adjustment. Updated financial information with respect to Gynemed is expected to be included in a business acquisition report to be filed by the Company on SEDAR (www.sedar.com) within 75 days of closing. Forward-Looking Statements Certain information in this press release may contain forward-looking statements, including, without limitation, with respect to the projected impact of the transaction on the Company’s revenue diversification and future earnings. This information is based on current expectations that are subject to significant risks and uncertainties that are difficult to predict. Actual results might differ materially from results suggested in any forward-looking statements. The Company assumes no obligation to update the forward-looking statements, or to update the reasons why actual results could differ from those reflected in the forward-looking statements unless and until required by securities laws applicable to the Company. Additional information identifying risks and uncertainties is contained in filings by the Company with the Canadian securities regulators, which filings are available at www.sedar.com. CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious TIMIA Capital Announces Continued Strong Year over Year Revenue Growth Next PostNext MOBI724 Global Solutions (CSE: MOS) Files 2016 Audited Annual Financial Statements and Invites Current and Future Investors to a Webinar for a Management Update Search Recent Posts MOBI724 Global Solutions (CSE: MOS) Files 2016 Audited Annual Financial Statements and Invites Current and Future Investors to a Webinar for a Management Update Hamilton Thorne Announces the Acquisition of Gynemed GmbH & Co. KG and Related Financing Transactions TIMIA Capital Announces Continued Strong Year over Year Revenue Growth Motorola Solutions Announces Investigation of Hytera Communications by U.S. International Trade Commission New York Road Runners: May 2017 Events Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 29 April 2017 by Maciej Heyman Global Implantable Drug Delivery Devices Market Will Increase CAGR by 7.1% Annually Till 2022 Sarasota, FL — (SBWIRE) — 04/28/2017 — Zion Market Research has published a new report titled „Implantable Drug Delivery Devices Market (Drug Infusion Pumps, Drug Delivery Devices, Bio-Absorbable Stents, Coronary Drug Eluting Stents, Brachytherapy Seeds, Contraceptive Drug Delivery Implants and Others) for Oncology, Contraception, Cardiovascular, Ophthalmology, Inflammatory Conditions, Diabetes and Other End-users: Global Industry Perspective, Comprehensive Analysis, Size, Share, Growth, Segment, Trends and Forecast, 2015 – 2021.” According to the report, global implantable drug delivery devices market was valued at around USD 11.6 billion in 2015 and is expected to generate revenue of around USD 17.5 billion by end of 2021, growing at a CAGR of around 7.1% between 2016 and 2021. Request Free Sample Research Report @ https://www.zionmarketresearch.com/sample/implantable-drug-delivery-devices-market With the help of implantable drug delivery devices, it has become possible to have site-specific drug delivery. This is of great importance in cardiology and oncology. Implantable drug delivery devices help in the constant release of a therapeutic agent. Implantable drug delivery devices require smaller dosages as compared its counterpart which in turn reduces the probability of side effects from drugs. Implantable drug delivery devices are used in a number of applications including HIV/AIDS prevention, diabetes management, chronic pain management, central nervous system (CNS) health, oncology, contraception, and cardiology. Global implantable drug delivery devices market is primarily driven by growing aging population and prevalence of target diseases such as diabetic retinopathy and chronic diseases. Other major driving factors for growth of implantable drug delivery devices market is rising cases of unwanted pregnancies. However, strict government regulations implied on this industry and the high cost of these devices are major restraints that may curb the growth of the market. Nonetheless, the introduction of new and more effective implantable drug delivery devices is likely to disclose the new avenues for implantable drug delivery devices market in the near future. The implantable drug delivery devices market is segmented on the basis of different products including drug infusion pumps, drug delivery devices, bio-absorbable stents, coronary drug eluting stents, brachytherapy seeds, contraceptive drug delivery implants and others. In 2015, implantable drugs infusion pumps were the largest segment of implantable drug delivery devices market and accounted for largest share of the total market. Additionally, it is expected to continue its dominance and be the fastest growing segment in the global market over the forecast period. Contraceptive drug delivery device is another major product segment of implantable drug delivery devices. Inquire more about this report @ https://www.zionmarketresearch.com/inquiry/implantable-drug-delivery-devices-market Oncology, birth control/contraception, cardiovascular, ophthalmology, inflammatory conditions, diabetes and others are the key end-user segment of the global implantable drug delivery devices market. The cardiovascular end-user segment dominated the market in terms of revenue. The cardiovascular segment is likely to have a significant growth within the forecast period and is projected to the fastest growing segment as a result of increasing usage of bio-absorbable stents. North America, Europe, Asia-Pacific, Latin America and the Middle East & Africa are key regional segments of global implantable drug delivery devices market. North America is expected to remain the dominant region over the forecast period. Europe was a second largest market for implantable drug delivery devices in 2015. Asia Pacific is expected to be the fastest growing region in implantable drug delivery devices market during the forecast period. Moreover, Latin America is also expected to show noticeable growth for this market in the years to come. Some of the key players in implantable drug delivery devices market include Bausch & Lomb Inc., Medtronic Inc, Boston Scientific Corporation, Arrow International, Theragenics, Varian Medical Systems, Allergan Inc, Merck, Bayer Healthcare, Abbott laboratories among others. Browse detail report with in-depth TOC @ https://www.zionmarketresearch.com/report/implantable-drug-delivery-devices-market This report segments the global implantable drug delivery devices market as follows: Global Implantable Drug Delivery Devices Market: Product Segment Analysis Drug Infusion Pumps Drug Delivery Devices Bio-Absorbable Stents Coronary Drug Eluting Stents Brachytherapy Seeds Contraceptive Drug Delivery Implants Others Global Implantable Drug Delivery Devices Market: End-user Segment Analysis Oncology Contraception Cardiovascular Ophthalmology Inflammatory Conditions Diabetes Others Global Implantable Drug Delivery Devices Market: Regional Segment Analysis North America U.S. Europe UK France Germany Asia Pacific China Japan India Latin America Brazil The Middle East and Africa CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Application Period Extended for 100 FEMA Public Assistance Jobs Next PostNext Rooster Energy Ltd. Announces Executive Officer Changes Search Recent Posts Bladex Files Annual Report on Form 20-F Polybius Project Estimates Over 500,000 Early Adopters as Crowdfunding Campaign Nears American Savings Bank Reports First Quarter 2017 Earnings Global Marine Diesel Engine Market 2017 – Market Research, Shares, Size, Trends, Growth and Forecast Gafisa Files Form 20-F For The Year 2016 And Posts The Document On The Company’s Website Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 28 April 2017 by Maciej Heyman Hamilton Thorne Announces the Acquisition of Gynemed GmbH & Co. KG and Related Financing Transactions BEVERLY, MASSACHUSETTS and TORONTO, ONTARIO–(Marketwired – April 28, 2017) – Hamilton Thorne Ltd. (TSX VENTURE:HTL) („Hamilton Thorne” or the „Company”), a leading provider of precision instruments, consumables, software and services to the Assisted Reproductive Technologies (ART) and developmental biology research markets today announced that it has completed the acquisition of Gynemed GmbH & Co. KG („Gynemed”) for total consideration of Euro 13.9 million (approximately US$15.1 million) (the „Transaction”). Gynemed, based in Lensahn, Germany is a leading manufacturer and distributor of consumables and equipment for the in vitro fertilization („IVF”) clinic and laboratory markets. The Transaction results in the significant expansion of Hamilton Thorne’s product offerings and provides the Company with profitable operations in the well-established European ART market. For the year ended December 31, 2016, Gynemed had revenues of approximately Euro 8.8 million (approximately US$9.6 million), net income of approximately Euro 2.2 million (approximately US$2.4 million) and EBITDA of approximately Euro 2.6 million (approximately US$2.8 million). Key Benefits of the Transaction: Addition of a profitable portfolio of premium products that are highly complementary to Hamilton Thorne’s existing product and service offerings Expected to be materially accretive to revenue and EBITDA Diversifies and increases product offerings and recurring revenue Opportunity to expand Gynemed product offerings into additional international markets and to increase European sales of existing Hamilton Thorne products Financed through the expansion of an existing credit facility and an equity offering „We are excited to welcome our new partners from Gynemed to the Hamilton Thorne family. This transformative acquisition significantly enhances the size of our business and provides a new platform for continued growth of our business,” said David Wolf, President and Chief Executive Officer of Hamilton Thorne. „Gynemed is a well-established and respected provider of premium clinical and laboratory consumables and equipment in the European ART market that importantly shares our total commitment to the highest standards in customer service and quality. I am particularly excited that all of Gynemed’s current employees and leadership team will continue to operate and lead the growth of the existing Gynemed business and collaborate with our existing Hamilton Thorne team on several new avenues of growth for our combined operations. This acquisition enhances our presence in the very attractive European ART market, further diversifies our revenue base and increases our percentage of recurring revenues through the sale of consumable products, including Gynemed’s IVF cell culture media solutions.” Dr. Fabian Sell, CEO of Gynemed commented, „My co-founders and I founded Gynemed 20 years ago to provide premium products backed by the highest quality scientific data. We are very pleased to be joining Hamilton Thorne who shares our belief in quality and service. We believe that the combination of the businesses can significantly accelerate the growth of both the Hamilton Thorne and Gynemed operations around the world. The management and board of Hamilton Thorne have been strong partners during this process and we look forward to the future of the combined Company.” Acquisition Details Pursuant to the Transaction, Hamilton Thorne indirectly acquired 100% of the partnership interests of Gynemed and its general partner under the terms and conditions of share purchase and transfer agreement (the „Purchase Agreement”) dated April 28, 2017 between a wholly owned subsidiary of the Hamilton Thorne, Gynemed’s general partner and the limited partners and shareholders of Gynemed and its general partner (the „Sellers”). On closing, Hamilton Thorne paid aggregate consideration of approximately Euro 13.9 million (approximately US$15.1 million). The consideration consisted of approximately Euro 8.6 million (approximately US$9.3 million) in cash, the issuance of an aggregate of 5,525,523 common shares (the „Seller Shares”) of Hamilton Thorne at a deemed issuance price of C$0.57 per share with a deemed aggregate value of approximately Euro 2.1 million (approximately US$2.3 million), and the issuance of 3 year, unsecured convertible debentures of Hamilton Thorne in the principal amount of approximately Euro 3.2 million (approximately US$3.5 million) (the „Debentures”). The Debentures will accrue interest at a rate of 4.25% per annum and are convertible, at the option of the holder, into common shares of Hamilton Thorne („Conversion Shares”) at a conversion price equal to the Euro equivalent of C$0.63 per Conversion Share based on a staged, 3-year optional conversion schedule (with 20%, 25% and 55%, respectively, of the outstanding principal amount of Debentures becoming convertible on each anniversary of the closing, subject to acceleration in certain circumstances). The Seller Shares will be subject to a 1-year escrow pending final calculation of certain closing adjustments and to satisfy any possible indemnity claims. The seller was advised by Dr. Claus Michelfelder of CMC Medical AG. Concurrent Financing Details The aggregate cash component of this transaction was financed with the Company’s cash on hand, an expanded secured credit facility from our existing senior lender Middlesex Savings Bank and through brokered and non-brokered private placements of common shares of Hamilton Thorne („Offered Shares) at a price of C$0.54 per Offered Share for aggregate gross proceeds of C$12.5 million (approximately US$9.2 million) (the „Private Placement”). The expanded credit facility includes a new term loan of US$4.0 million (the „Term Loan”). The Term Loan bears interest at a rate of 4.49% per annum, amortizes over the life of the loan, and matures five years from the closing date. This Term Loan augments Hamilton Thorne’s existing US$5.5 million term loan put in place to finance the acquisition of Embryotech Laboratories, Inc. (approximately US$5.0 of which is currently outstanding) and the Company’s US$2.5 million line of credit (approximately US$1.3 million of which was outstanding as of closing). The Private Placement included the issuance of an aggregate of 15,774,068 Offered Shares (approximately C$8.5 million) on a best efforts agency basis (the „Brokered Private Placement”) and an aggregate of 7,374,073 Offered Shares (approximately C$4.0 million) on a non-brokered basis (the „Concurrent Private Placement”). Bloom Burton Securities Inc. („Bloom Burton”) acted as financial advisor of Hamilton Thorne in connection with the Transaction and acted as sole agent in connection with the Brokered Private Placement. In connection with the Brokered Private Placement, the Agent received a total cash commission of $583,029.77 and 1,079,684 non-transferable broker warrants („Broker Warrants”). Each broker warrant is exercisable for a period of 12 months into one common share of Hamilton Thorne at a price of C$0.54 per common share. The net proceeds were used by Hamilton Thorne to fund a portion of the cash component of the purchase price for the Transaction, and will be used for working capital and general corporate purposes and to fund potential future acquisitions. All securities issued under the Private Placement and the Transaction will be subject to a four month hold period from the closing date under applicable Canadian securities laws. The Private Placement is subject to receipt of final acceptance from the TSX Venture Exchange. Related Party Transaction An aggregate of 2,600,000 Offered Shares representing gross proceeds of approximately C$1,404,000 were issued to certain „related parties” (as such term is defined in Multilateral Instrument 61-101 – Protection of Minority Security Holders in Special Transactions („MI 61-101”)) to the Company pursuant to the Non-Brokered Private Placement. In accordance with MI 61-101, such related party subscriptions constitute a „related party transaction.” The Company is exempt from the formal valuation requirement of MI 61-101 in connection with the related party subscriptions in reliance on section 5.5(b) of MI 61-101, as no securities of the Company are listed or quoted for trading on the Toronto Stock Exchange, the New York Stock Exchange, the American Stock Exchange, the NASDAQ stock market or any other stock exchange outside of Canada and the United States. Additionally, the Company is exempt from obtaining minority shareholder approval in connection with the related party subscriptions in reliance on section 5.7(1)(a) of MI 61-101, as the aggregate value of the related party subscriptions does not exceed 25% of the market capitalization of the Company. Due to the expedited timeline of the Transaction and the Private Placement, there will be less than 21 days between the date the Company files its material change report in respect of the Private Placement and the Transaction and the completion date of the Private Placement. Option Grant The Company also announced that it has granted a total of 550,000 stock options to Gynemed’s employees to purchase common shares pursuant to the Company’s incentive stock option plan. The options are exercisable at Cdn$0.63 per share, and expire ten years from the date of grant. Grants to employees vest over four years. About Hamilton Thorne Ltd. (www.hamiltonthorne.com) Hamilton Thorne is a leading world-wide provider of precision instruments, consumables, software and services that reduce cost, increase productivity, improve results and enable breakthroughs in Assisted Reproductive Technologies (ART) and developmental biology research markets. Hamilton Thorne’s laser products attach to standard inverted microscopes and operate as micro-surgical devices, enabling a wide array of scientific applications and In Vitro Fertilization (IVF) procedures. Its image analysis systems are designed to bring quality, efficiency and reliability to studies of reproductive cells in the human fertility, animal sciences and reproductive toxicology fields. Hamilton Thorne’s standardized toxicology assays and quality control testing services help to improve outcomes in human IVF clinics. Hamilton Thorne’s growing worldwide customer base consists of pharmaceutical companies, biotechnology companies, fertility clinics, university research centers, animal breeding companies, and other commercial and academic research establishments, including Harvard, MIT, Yale, McGill, Oxford, Cambridge, the Smithsonian Institution, Charles River Labs, Covance, ABS Global, Sexing Technologies, Merck, Cook Medical, Novartis, Pfizer, and Dow Chemical. About GYNEMED GmbH & Co. KG (http://www.gynemed.de) GYNEMED GmbH & Co. KG is a leading manufacturer and distributor of products for reproductive medicine, including clinical and laboratory equipment and disposables, as well as complete installations of ART clinics. Gynemed offers a complete range of cell culture media for the embryology and andrology laboratory in the ART clinic. Founded in 1998, Gynemed’s has, since inception, demonstrated a commitment to quality products and services in Germany, Austria and Switzerland and is expanding across other European markets and internationally. Neither the TSX Venture Exchange, nor its regulation services provider (as that term is defined in the policies of the exchange), accepts responsibility for the adequacy or accuracy of this release. Note re Non-IFRS Measures The Company has included earnings before interest, income taxes, depreciation and amortization, („EBITDA”) as a non-IFRS measure, which is used by management as a measure of financial performance. For further information, see section entitled „Use of Non-IFRS Measures” in the Company’s Management Discussion and Analysis for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2016, a copy of which is available under the Company’s profile on SEDAR at www.sedar.com. The historical financial information of Gynemed included in this press release is based on the audited financial statements of Gynemed for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2016 (the „Gynemed Financial Statements”). The Gynemed Financials Statement were prepared in accordance with German generally accepted accounting principles. Accordingly, readers are cautioned that such results have not been reconciled to IFRS and may be subject to adjustment. Updated financial information with respect to Gynemed is expected to be included in a business acquisition report to be filed by the Company on SEDAR (www.sedar.com) within 75 days of closing. Forward-Looking Statements Certain information in this press release may contain forward-looking statements, including, without limitation, with respect to the projected impact of the transaction on the Company’s revenue diversification and future earnings. This information is based on current expectations that are subject to significant risks and uncertainties that are difficult to predict. Actual results might differ materially from results suggested in any forward-looking statements. The Company assumes no obligation to update the forward-looking statements, or to update the reasons why actual results could differ from those reflected in the forward-looking statements unless and until required by securities laws applicable to the Company. Additional information identifying risks and uncertainties is contained in filings by the Company with the Canadian securities regulators, which filings are available at www.sedar.com. CategoriesUncategorized TagsTSX VENTURE:HTL Post navigation Previous PostPrevious TIMIA Capital Announces Continued Strong Year over Year Revenue Growth Next PostNext PowerPoint & LED Projector Enable New Technique for Self-Folding Origami Search Recent Posts Next Generation Genomics Market: Current trends, Opportunities, Challenges and Forecast by 2025 #Cannabis Life Conference 2017 Cognitive Systems, Content Analytics and Discovery Software Market: Trends and Forecast by 2024 Radio Modem Market: Current trends, Opportunities, Challenges and Forecast by 2027 Artificial Intelligence Market to Reach US$3,061.35 bn by 2024, Deployment in Disruptive Technologies Drives Growth Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 28 April 2017 by Maciej Heyman Hamilton Thorne Announces the Acquisition of Gynemed GmbH & Co. KG and Related Financing Transactions BEVERLY, MASSACHUSETTS and TORONTO, ONTARIO–(Marketwired – April 28, 2017) – Hamilton Thorne Ltd. (TSX VENTURE:HTL) („Hamilton Thorne” or the „Company”), a leading provider of precision instruments, consumables, software and services to the Assisted Reproductive Technologies (ART) and developmental biology research markets today announced that it has completed the acquisition of Gynemed GmbH & Co. KG („Gynemed”) for total consideration of Euro 13.9 million (approximately US$15.1 million) (the „Transaction”). Gynemed, based in Lensahn, Germany is a leading manufacturer and distributor of consumables and equipment for the in vitro fertilization („IVF”) clinic and laboratory markets. The Transaction results in the significant expansion of Hamilton Thorne’s product offerings and provides the Company with profitable operations in the well-established European ART market. For the year ended December 31, 2016, Gynemed had revenues of approximately Euro 8.8 million (approximately US$9.6 million), net income of approximately Euro 2.2 million (approximately US$2.4 million) and EBITDA of approximately Euro 2.6 million (approximately US$2.8 million). Key Benefits of the Transaction: Addition of a profitable portfolio of premium products that are highly complementary to Hamilton Thorne’s existing product and service offerings Expected to be materially accretive to revenue and EBITDA Diversifies and increases product offerings and recurring revenue Opportunity to expand Gynemed product offerings into additional international markets and to increase European sales of existing Hamilton Thorne products Financed through the expansion of an existing credit facility and an equity offering „We are excited to welcome our new partners from Gynemed to the Hamilton Thorne family. This transformative acquisition significantly enhances the size of our business and provides a new platform for continued growth of our business,” said David Wolf, President and Chief Executive Officer of Hamilton Thorne. „Gynemed is a well-established and respected provider of premium clinical and laboratory consumables and equipment in the European ART market that importantly shares our total commitment to the highest standards in customer service and quality. I am particularly excited that all of Gynemed’s current employees and leadership team will continue to operate and lead the growth of the existing Gynemed business and collaborate with our existing Hamilton Thorne team on several new avenues of growth for our combined operations. This acquisition enhances our presence in the very attractive European ART market, further diversifies our revenue base and increases our percentage of recurring revenues through the sale of consumable products, including Gynemed’s IVF cell culture media solutions.” Dr. Fabian Sell, CEO of Gynemed commented, „My co-founders and I founded Gynemed 20 years ago to provide premium products backed by the highest quality scientific data. We are very pleased to be joining Hamilton Thorne who shares our belief in quality and service. We believe that the combination of the businesses can significantly accelerate the growth of both the Hamilton Thorne and Gynemed operations around the world. The management and board of Hamilton Thorne have been strong partners during this process and we look forward to the future of the combined Company.” Acquisition Details Pursuant to the Transaction, Hamilton Thorne indirectly acquired 100% of the partnership interests of Gynemed and its general partner under the terms and conditions of share purchase and transfer agreement (the „Purchase Agreement”) dated April 28, 2017 between a wholly owned subsidiary of the Hamilton Thorne, Gynemed’s general partner and the limited partners and shareholders of Gynemed and its general partner (the „Sellers”). On closing, Hamilton Thorne paid aggregate consideration of approximately Euro 13.9 million (approximately US$15.1 million). The consideration consisted of approximately Euro 8.6 million (approximately US$9.3 million) in cash, the issuance of an aggregate of 5,525,523 common shares (the „Seller Shares”) of Hamilton Thorne at a deemed issuance price of C$0.57 per share with a deemed aggregate value of approximately Euro 2.1 million (approximately US$2.3 million), and the issuance of 3 year, unsecured convertible debentures of Hamilton Thorne in the principal amount of approximately Euro 3.2 million (approximately US$3.5 million) (the „Debentures”). The Debentures will accrue interest at a rate of 4.25% per annum and are convertible, at the option of the holder, into common shares of Hamilton Thorne („Conversion Shares”) at a conversion price equal to the Euro equivalent of C$0.63 per Conversion Share based on a staged, 3-year optional conversion schedule (with 20%, 25% and 55%, respectively, of the outstanding principal amount of Debentures becoming convertible on each anniversary of the closing, subject to acceleration in certain circumstances). The Seller Shares will be subject to a 1-year escrow pending final calculation of certain closing adjustments and to satisfy any possible indemnity claims. The seller was advised by Dr. Claus Michelfelder of CMC Medical AG. Concurrent Financing Details The aggregate cash component of this transaction was financed with the Company’s cash on hand, an expanded secured credit facility from our existing senior lender Middlesex Savings Bank and through brokered and non-brokered private placements of common shares of Hamilton Thorne („Offered Shares) at a price of C$0.54 per Offered Share for aggregate gross proceeds of C$12.5 million (approximately US$9.2 million) (the „Private Placement”). The expanded credit facility includes a new term loan of US$4.0 million (the „Term Loan”). The Term Loan bears interest at a rate of 4.49% per annum, amortizes over the life of the loan, and matures five years from the closing date. This Term Loan augments Hamilton Thorne’s existing US$5.5 million term loan put in place to finance the acquisition of Embryotech Laboratories, Inc. (approximately US$5.0 of which is currently outstanding) and the Company’s US$2.5 million line of credit (approximately US$1.3 million of which was outstanding as of closing). The Private Placement included the issuance of an aggregate of 15,774,068 Offered Shares (approximately C$8.5 million) on a best efforts agency basis (the „Brokered Private Placement”) and an aggregate of 7,374,073 Offered Shares (approximately C$4.0 million) on a non-brokered basis (the „Concurrent Private Placement”). Bloom Burton Securities Inc. („Bloom Burton”) acted as financial advisor of Hamilton Thorne in connection with the Transaction and acted as sole agent in connection with the Brokered Private Placement. In connection with the Brokered Private Placement, the Agent received a total cash commission of $583,029.77 and 1,079,684 non-transferable broker warrants („Broker Warrants”). Each broker warrant is exercisable for a period of 12 months into one common share of Hamilton Thorne at a price of C$0.54 per common share. The net proceeds were used by Hamilton Thorne to fund a portion of the cash component of the purchase price for the Transaction, and will be used for working capital and general corporate purposes and to fund potential future acquisitions. All securities issued under the Private Placement and the Transaction will be subject to a four month hold period from the closing date under applicable Canadian securities laws. The Private Placement is subject to receipt of final acceptance from the TSX Venture Exchange. Related Party Transaction An aggregate of 2,600,000 Offered Shares representing gross proceeds of approximately C$1,404,000 were issued to certain „related parties” (as such term is defined in Multilateral Instrument 61-101 – Protection of Minority Security Holders in Special Transactions („MI 61-101”)) to the Company pursuant to the Non-Brokered Private Placement. In accordance with MI 61-101, such related party subscriptions constitute a „related party transaction.” The Company is exempt from the formal valuation requirement of MI 61-101 in connection with the related party subscriptions in reliance on section 5.5(b) of MI 61-101, as no securities of the Company are listed or quoted for trading on the Toronto Stock Exchange, the New York Stock Exchange, the American Stock Exchange, the NASDAQ stock market or any other stock exchange outside of Canada and the United States. Additionally, the Company is exempt from obtaining minority shareholder approval in connection with the related party subscriptions in reliance on section 5.7(1)(a) of MI 61-101, as the aggregate value of the related party subscriptions does not exceed 25% of the market capitalization of the Company. Due to the expedited timeline of the Transaction and the Private Placement, there will be less than 21 days between the date the Company files its material change report in respect of the Private Placement and the Transaction and the completion date of the Private Placement. Option Grant The Company also announced that it has granted a total of 550,000 stock options to Gynemed’s employees to purchase common shares pursuant to the Company’s incentive stock option plan. The options are exercisable at Cdn$0.63 per share, and expire ten years from the date of grant. Grants to employees vest over four years. About Hamilton Thorne Ltd. (www.hamiltonthorne.com) Hamilton Thorne is a leading world-wide provider of precision instruments, consumables, software and services that reduce cost, increase productivity, improve results and enable breakthroughs in Assisted Reproductive Technologies (ART) and developmental biology research markets. Hamilton Thorne’s laser products attach to standard inverted microscopes and operate as micro-surgical devices, enabling a wide array of scientific applications and In Vitro Fertilization (IVF) procedures. Its image analysis systems are designed to bring quality, efficiency and reliability to studies of reproductive cells in the human fertility, animal sciences and reproductive toxicology fields. Hamilton Thorne’s standardized toxicology assays and quality control testing services help to improve outcomes in human IVF clinics. Hamilton Thorne’s growing worldwide customer base consists of pharmaceutical companies, biotechnology companies, fertility clinics, university research centers, animal breeding companies, and other commercial and academic research establishments, including Harvard, MIT, Yale, McGill, Oxford, Cambridge, the Smithsonian Institution, Charles River Labs, Covance, ABS Global, Sexing Technologies, Merck, Cook Medical, Novartis, Pfizer, and Dow Chemical. About GYNEMED GmbH & Co. KG (http://www.gynemed.de) GYNEMED GmbH & Co. KG is a leading manufacturer and distributor of products for reproductive medicine, including clinical and laboratory equipment and disposables, as well as complete installations of ART clinics. Gynemed offers a complete range of cell culture media for the embryology and andrology laboratory in the ART clinic. Founded in 1998, Gynemed’s has, since inception, demonstrated a commitment to quality products and services in Germany, Austria and Switzerland and is expanding across other European markets and internationally. Neither the TSX Venture Exchange, nor its regulation services provider (as that term is defined in the policies of the exchange), accepts responsibility for the adequacy or accuracy of this release. Note re Non-IFRS Measures The Company has included earnings before interest, income taxes, depreciation and amortization, („EBITDA”) as a non-IFRS measure, which is used by management as a measure of financial performance. For further information, see section entitled „Use of Non-IFRS Measures” in the Company’s Management Discussion and Analysis for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2016, a copy of which is available under the Company’s profile on SEDAR at www.sedar.com. The historical financial information of Gynemed included in this press release is based on the audited financial statements of Gynemed for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2016 (the „Gynemed Financial Statements”). The Gynemed Financials Statement were prepared in accordance with German generally accepted accounting principles. Accordingly, readers are cautioned that such results have not been reconciled to IFRS and may be subject to adjustment. Updated financial information with respect to Gynemed is expected to be included in a business acquisition report to be filed by the Company on SEDAR (www.sedar.com) within 75 days of closing. Forward-Looking Statements Certain information in this press release may contain forward-looking statements, including, without limitation, with respect to the projected impact of the transaction on the Company’s revenue diversification and future earnings. This information is based on current expectations that are subject to significant risks and uncertainties that are difficult to predict. Actual results might differ materially from results suggested in any forward-looking statements. The Company assumes no obligation to update the forward-looking statements, or to update the reasons why actual results could differ from those reflected in the forward-looking statements unless and until required by securities laws applicable to the Company. Additional information identifying risks and uncertainties is contained in filings by the Company with the Canadian securities regulators, which filings are available at www.sedar.com. CategoriesUncategorized TagsTSX VENTURE:HTL Post navigation Previous PostPrevious TIMIA Capital Announces Continued Strong Year over Year Revenue Growth Next PostNext PowerPoint & LED Projector Enable New Technique for Self-Folding Origami Search Recent Posts Next Generation Genomics Market: Current trends, Opportunities, Challenges and Forecast by 2025 #Cannabis Life Conference 2017 Cognitive Systems, Content Analytics and Discovery Software Market: Trends and Forecast by 2024 Radio Modem Market: Current trends, Opportunities, Challenges and Forecast by 2027 Artificial Intelligence Market to Reach US$3,061.35 bn by 2024, Deployment in Disruptive Technologies Drives Growth Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to Main Content Site Map Marketwired Français Media Partners About Us Blog Facebook Twitter YouTube LinkedIn Google+ Search Site News Products Marketwired Resonate Marketwired Influencers News Distribution IR/PR Newsroom (Impress) Media Database (Mediahub) Powered by Sysomos Request a Demo Solutions Public Relations Investor Relations Small Business Newsroom All News Headlines Only Advanced Search RSS Newsfeeds Hot Off the Wire Personal Beat CASL Compliance Resources Brochures Case Studies E-Books / Tip Sheets Webinars / Videos Contact Us Our Locations Become a Media Partner Become a Channel Partner Request More Information Request a Demo Sign In Where would you like to sign in? My Marketwired Account Personal Beat Marketwired Resonate Hot Off the Wire News Dashboard 2.0 Mediahub Register for a Marketwired Account News Room Print Friendly Share Hamilton Thorne Ltd. TSX VENTURE : HTL April 28, 2017 14:32 ET Hamilton Thorne Announces the Acquisition of Gynemed GmbH & Co. KG and Related Financing Transactions Significantly expands product offerings and presence in a key European market Transaction is expected to be materially accretive to revenue and EBITDA BEVERLY, MASSACHUSETTS and TORONTO, ONTARIO--(Marketwired - April 28, 2017) - Hamilton Thorne Ltd. (TSX VENTURE:HTL) ("Hamilton Thorne" or the "Company"), a leading provider of precision instruments, consumables, software and services to the Assisted Reproductive Technologies (ART) and developmental biology research markets today announced that it has completed the acquisition of Gynemed GmbH & Co. KG ("Gynemed") for total consideration of Euro 13.9 million (approximately US$15.1 million) (the "Transaction"). Gynemed, based in Lensahn, Germany is a leading manufacturer and distributor of consumables and equipment for the in vitro fertilization ("IVF") clinic and laboratory markets. The Transaction results in the significant expansion of Hamilton Thorne's product offerings and provides the Company with profitable operations in the well-established European ART market. For the year ended December 31, 2016, Gynemed had revenues of approximately Euro 8.8 million (approximately US$9.6 million), net income of approximately Euro 2.2 million (approximately US$2.4 million) and EBITDA of approximately Euro 2.6 million (approximately US$2.8 million). Key Benefits of the Transaction: Addition of a profitable portfolio of premium products that are highly complementary to Hamilton Thorne's existing product and service offerings Expected to be materially accretive to revenue and EBITDA Diversifies and increases product offerings and recurring revenue Opportunity to expand Gynemed product offerings into additional international markets and to increase European sales of existing Hamilton Thorne products Financed through the expansion of an existing credit facility and an equity offering "We are excited to welcome our new partners from Gynemed to the Hamilton Thorne family. This transformative acquisition significantly enhances the size of our business and provides a new platform for continued growth of our business," said David Wolf, President and Chief Executive Officer of Hamilton Thorne. "Gynemed is a well-established and respected provider of premium clinical and laboratory consumables and equipment in the European ART market that importantly shares our total commitment to the highest standards in customer service and quality. I am particularly excited that all of Gynemed's current employees and leadership team will continue to operate and lead the growth of the existing Gynemed business and collaborate with our existing Hamilton Thorne team on several new avenues of growth for our combined operations. This acquisition enhances our presence in the very attractive European ART market, further diversifies our revenue base and increases our percentage of recurring revenues through the sale of consumable products, including Gynemed's IVF cell culture media solutions." Dr. Fabian Sell, CEO of Gynemed commented, "My co-founders and I founded Gynemed 20 years ago to provide premium products backed by the highest quality scientific data. We are very pleased to be joining Hamilton Thorne who shares our belief in quality and service. We believe that the combination of the businesses can significantly accelerate the growth of both the Hamilton Thorne and Gynemed operations around the world. The management and board of Hamilton Thorne have been strong partners during this process and we look forward to the future of the combined Company." Acquisition Details Pursuant to the Transaction, Hamilton Thorne indirectly acquired 100% of the partnership interests of Gynemed and its general partner under the terms and conditions of share purchase and transfer agreement (the "Purchase Agreement") dated April 28, 2017 between a wholly owned subsidiary of the Hamilton Thorne, Gynemed's general partner and the limited partners and shareholders of Gynemed and its general partner (the "Sellers"). On closing, Hamilton Thorne paid aggregate consideration of approximately Euro 13.9 million (approximately US$15.1 million). The consideration consisted of approximately Euro 8.6 million (approximately US$9.3 million) in cash, the issuance of an aggregate of 5,525,523 common shares (the "Seller Shares") of Hamilton Thorne at a deemed issuance price of C$0.57 per share with a deemed aggregate value of approximately Euro 2.1 million (approximately US$2.3 million), and the issuance of 3 year, unsecured convertible debentures of Hamilton Thorne in the principal amount of approximately Euro 3.2 million (approximately US$3.5 million) (the "Debentures"). The Debentures will accrue interest at a rate of 4.25% per annum and are convertible, at the option of the holder, into common shares of Hamilton Thorne ("Conversion Shares") at a conversion price equal to the Euro equivalent of C$0.63 per Conversion Share based on a staged, 3-year optional conversion schedule (with 20%, 25% and 55%, respectively, of the outstanding principal amount of Debentures becoming convertible on each anniversary of the closing, subject to acceleration in certain circumstances). The Seller Shares will be subject to a 1-year escrow pending final calculation of certain closing adjustments and to satisfy any possible indemnity claims. The seller was advised by Dr. Claus Michelfelder of CMC Medical AG. Concurrent Financing Details The aggregate cash component of this transaction was financed with the Company's cash on hand, an expanded secured credit facility from our existing senior lender Middlesex Savings Bank and through brokered and non-brokered private placements of common shares of Hamilton Thorne ("Offered Shares) at a price of C$0.54 per Offered Share for aggregate gross proceeds of C$12.5 million (approximately US$9.2 million) (the "Private Placement"). The expanded credit facility includes a new term loan of US$4.0 million (the "Term Loan"). The Term Loan bears interest at a rate of 4.49% per annum, amortizes over the life of the loan, and matures five years from the closing date. This Term Loan augments Hamilton Thorne's existing US$5.5 million term loan put in place to finance the acquisition of Embryotech Laboratories, Inc. (approximately US$5.0 of which is currently outstanding) and the Company's US$2.5 million line of credit (approximately US$1.3 million of which was outstanding as of closing). The Private Placement included the issuance of an aggregate of 15,774,068 Offered Shares (approximately C$8.5 million) on a best efforts agency basis (the "Brokered Private Placement") and an aggregate of 7,374,073 Offered Shares (approximately C$4.0 million) on a non-brokered basis (the "Concurrent Private Placement"). Bloom Burton Securities Inc. ("Bloom Burton") acted as financial advisor of Hamilton Thorne in connection with the Transaction and acted as sole agent in connection with the Brokered Private Placement. In connection with the Brokered Private Placement, the Agent received a total cash commission of $583,029.77 and 1,079,684 non-transferable broker warrants ("Broker Warrants"). Each broker warrant is exercisable for a period of 12 months into one common share of Hamilton Thorne at a price of C$0.54 per common share. The net proceeds were used by Hamilton Thorne to fund a portion of the cash component of the purchase price for the Transaction, and will be used for working capital and general corporate purposes and to fund potential future acquisitions. All securities issued under the Private Placement and the Transaction will be subject to a four month hold period from the closing date under applicable Canadian securities laws. The Private Placement is subject to receipt of final acceptance from the TSX Venture Exchange. Related Party Transaction An aggregate of 2,600,000 Offered Shares representing gross proceeds of approximately C$1,404,000 were issued to certain "related parties" (as such term is defined in Multilateral Instrument 61-101 - Protection of Minority Security Holders in Special Transactions ("MI 61-101")) to the Company pursuant to the Non-Brokered Private Placement. In accordance with MI 61-101, such related party subscriptions constitute a "related party transaction." The Company is exempt from the formal valuation requirement of MI 61-101 in connection with the related party subscriptions in reliance on section 5.5(b) of MI 61-101, as no securities of the Company are listed or quoted for trading on the Toronto Stock Exchange, the New York Stock Exchange, the American Stock Exchange, the NASDAQ stock market or any other stock exchange outside of Canada and the United States. Additionally, the Company is exempt from obtaining minority shareholder approval in connection with the related party subscriptions in reliance on section 5.7(1)(a) of MI 61-101, as the aggregate value of the related party subscriptions does not exceed 25% of the market capitalization of the Company. Due to the expedited timeline of the Transaction and the Private Placement, there will be less than 21 days between the date the Company files its material change report in respect of the Private Placement and the Transaction and the completion date of the Private Placement. Option Grant The Company also announced that it has granted a total of 550,000 stock options to Gynemed's employees to purchase common shares pursuant to the Company's incentive stock option plan. The options are exercisable at Cdn$0.63 per share, and expire ten years from the date of grant. Grants to employees vest over four years. About Hamilton Thorne Ltd. (www.hamiltonthorne.com) Hamilton Thorne is a leading world-wide provider of precision instruments, consumables, software and services that reduce cost, increase productivity, improve results and enable breakthroughs in Assisted Reproductive Technologies (ART) and developmental biology research markets. Hamilton Thorne's laser products attach to standard inverted microscopes and operate as micro-surgical devices, enabling a wide array of scientific applications and In Vitro Fertilization (IVF) procedures. Its image analysis systems are designed to bring quality, efficiency and reliability to studies of reproductive cells in the human fertility, animal sciences and reproductive toxicology fields. Hamilton Thorne's standardized toxicology assays and quality control testing services help to improve outcomes in human IVF clinics. Hamilton Thorne's growing worldwide customer base consists of pharmaceutical companies, biotechnology companies, fertility clinics, university research centers, animal breeding companies, and other commercial and academic research establishments, including Harvard, MIT, Yale, McGill, Oxford, Cambridge, the Smithsonian Institution, Charles River Labs, Covance, ABS Global, Sexing Technologies, Merck, Cook Medical, Novartis, Pfizer, and Dow Chemical. About GYNEMED GmbH & Co. KG (http://www.gynemed.de) GYNEMED GmbH & Co. KG is a leading manufacturer and distributor of products for reproductive medicine, including clinical and laboratory equipment and disposables, as well as complete installations of ART clinics. Gynemed offers a complete range of cell culture media for the embryology and andrology laboratory in the ART clinic. Founded in 1998, Gynemed's has, since inception, demonstrated a commitment to quality products and services in Germany, Austria and Switzerland and is expanding across other European markets and internationally. Neither the TSX Venture Exchange, nor its regulation services provider (as that term is defined in the policies of the exchange), accepts responsibility for the adequacy or accuracy of this release. Note re Non-IFRS Measures The Company has included earnings before interest, income taxes, depreciation and amortization, ("EBITDA") as a non-IFRS measure, which is used by management as a measure of financial performance. For further information, see section entitled "Use of Non-IFRS Measures" in the Company's Management Discussion and Analysis for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2016, a copy of which is available under the Company's profile on SEDAR at www.sedar.com. The historical financial information of Gynemed included in this press release is based on the audited financial statements of Gynemed for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2016 (the "Gynemed Financial Statements"). The Gynemed Financials Statement were prepared in accordance with German generally accepted accounting principles. Accordingly, readers are cautioned that such results have not been reconciled to IFRS and may be subject to adjustment. Updated financial information with respect to Gynemed is expected to be included in a business acquisition report to be filed by the Company on SEDAR (www.sedar.com) within 75 days of closing. Forward-Looking Statements Certain information in this press release may contain forward-looking statements, including, without limitation, with respect to the projected impact of the transaction on the Company's revenue diversification and future earnings. This information is based on current expectations that are subject to significant risks and uncertainties that are difficult to predict. Actual results might differ materially from results suggested in any forward-looking statements. The Company assumes no obligation to update the forward-looking statements, or to update the reasons why actual results could differ from those reflected in the forward-looking statements unless and until required by securities laws applicable to the Company. Additional information identifying risks and uncertainties is contained in filings by the Company with the Canadian securities regulators, which filings are available at www.sedar.com. Contact Information Hamilton Thorne Ltd. David Wolf President & CEO 978-921-2050 ir@hamiltonthorne.com Hamilton Thorne Ltd. Michael Bruns CFO 978-921-2050 ir@hamiltonthorne.com Print Friendly Share News Room   View Related News About this company Hamilton Thorne Ltd. From this industry Computers and Software From this sub-industry Software See all RSS Newsfeeds     About Marketwired   Marketwired News   Community Builders Privacy Site Map Accessibility Products   Marketwired Resonate   Marketwired Influencers   News Distribution   IR/PR Newsroom (Impress)   Media Database (Mediahub) Resources   Brochures   Case Studies   E-Books / Tip Sheets   Webinars / Videos Newsroom   All News   Headlines Only   Advanced Search   RSS Newsfeeds   Hot Off the Wire   Personal Beat   CASL Compliance Connect With Us Facebook Twitter YouTube LinkedIn Google+ MARKETWIRED IS NOW PART OF NASDAQ Copyright ©2016 Nasdaq, Inc. All rights reserved. Legal You are using an outdated browser For a better experience using this site, please upgrade to a modern web browser.
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 28 April 2017 by Maciej Heyman Global Liver Disease Treatment Market Expected to Be Biggest Emerging Market by 2020 The liver is one of the most important organs of the human body and performs major functions, such as removal of harmful substances from blood, maintains adequate level of chemicals in the body and stores nutrients for all cellular and biological activities. Improper functioning of liver cause many severe diseases, such as hepatitis A, B, C, Primary Biliary Cirrhosis and tumors. Some inherited diseases, such as Wilson’s Disease, Alagille Syndrome and Hemochromatosis are also occurred by improper functioning of liver. Some of the major reasons for improper functioning of liver are genetic disorder, excessive alcohol consumption and obesity. Some of these may also lead to permanent damage of liver. A sample of this report is available upon request @ www.persistencemarketresearch.com/samples/2831 The global market of liver disease treatment is categorized based on various drugs type and by disease. The drug type segment is further sub-segmented in vaccines, antiviral, corticosteroids, anabolic steroids, antimetabolites, anti-rejection drugs, immunosuppressive agents, immune globulins and chemotherapy. The antiviral drug represents the largest sub-segment in global liver disease treatment market. Moreover, the disease segment includes hepatitis, autoimmune diseases, liver tumor, alcohol induced liver disease, chronic liver disease and non-alcoholic fatty liver disease. The treatment of hepatitis is the largest and fastest growing sub-segment in global liver disease treatment market. Under geographic analysis, North America is the largest market for liver disease treatment drugs followed by Europe and Asia. In North America, the U.S. represents the largest market for liver disease treatment drugs. In Europe, Germany, France and the U.K. covers the major share of liver disease treatment market. Moreover, Asia represents the fastest growing market for liver disease treatment drugs, due to increasing geriatric populations. The liver has a significant ability to regenerate and maintain function in elderly age. However, changes in cellular and physiological function during aging inhibit the normal function of the liver and cause diseases. Furthermore, Asia is one of the strong oncology markets accounting for nearly half of all new cancer cases in the world. These increasing cases of cancer also comprise liver cancers. This increasing number of liver cancer cases in the Asian countries requires huge amount of liver disease treatment drugs for prevention and treatment of liver cancer and tumors. Globally, liver disease treatment market is growing with moderate growth rate due to aging population, excessive alcohol consumptions and increasing prevalence of liver diseases. Moreover, high unmet needs for the treatment of liver cancer also supports in growth of liver disease treatment market. However, side-effects and risk associated with medications impede growth of the liver disease treatment market. Moreover, stringent FDA approvals procedure and other government regulations also impede growth of the liver disease treatment market. Furthermore, availability of alternate treatment procedure is one of the key challenge for global liver disease treatment market. To view TOC of this report is available upon request @ www.persistencemarketresearch.com/toc/2831 Some of the key companies operating in the liver disease treatment market are Abbott Laboratories, Actavis Inc., Aton Pharma, Bayer Schering AG, Biotest, Bristol-Myers Squibb, Eli Lilly, Forest laboratories, Inc., Glaxosmithkline PlC, Merck & Co., Mylan, Novartis, Pfizer, Roche, Sanofi-Aventis, Takeda Pharmaceuticals and Zydus Pharmaceuticals Inc. About Us Persistence Market Research (PMR) is a third-platform research firm. Our research model is a unique collaboration of data analytics and market research methodology to help businesses achieve optimal performance. To support companies in overcoming complex business challenges, we follow a multi-disciplinary approach. At PMR, we unite various data streams from multi-dimensional sources. By deploying real-time data collection, big data, and customer experience analytics, we deliver business intelligence for organizations of all sizes. Contact Us Persistence Market Research 305 Broadway 7th Floor, New York City, NY 10007, United States, USA – Canada Toll Free: 800-961-0353 Email: sales@persistencemarketresearch.com Web: www.persistencemarketresearch.com This release was published on openPR. CategoriesUncategorized TagsHealth & Medicine Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Barceló Launches a Thematic Zumba Week in Playa Bávaro Next PostNext Freddie Mac Announces Release Date for First Quarter 2017 Financial Results Search Recent Posts HH Sheikh Maktoum bin Mohammed bin Rashid Al Maktoum Honore 10 Lauréats de 8 Pays au Prix Mondial de l’Eau lancé par Mohammed bin Rashid Al Maktoum HH Sheikh Maktoum bin Mohammed bin Rashid Al Maktoum Honore 10 Lauréats de 8 Pays au Prix Mondial de l’Eau lancé par Mohammed bin Rashid Al Maktoum Xiaomi Mi Pad 3 new Xiaomi tablet Arrive Gearbest Oxford Investment Group Invests in Katherine Cosmetics Michelle Obama Wears „Lafayette 148 New York Dress” in First Public Appearance Post-White House Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 28 April 2017 by Persistence Market Research Global Antidiarrheal Drugs Market Report : 2020 Edition with Leading Players Pharmaceutical sector is growing at a significant rate globally due to increase in the prevalence of diseases, rise in aging population and improvement in the healthcare facilities. Gastrointestinal drugs may be classified on the basis of different active ingredients used in it. Antidiarrheal drugs refer to a class of drugs that are used to treat diarrhea. Antidiarrheal drugs market is growing at a significant rate globally due to increasing incidence of diarrhea and growing awareness in this field. A sample of this report is available upon request @ www.persistencemarketresearch.com/samples/3325 North America, followed by Europe, dominates the global market for antidiarrheal drugs due to high prevalence of diarrhea cases and high adoption rate for antidiarrheal drugs. Asia is expected to experience high growth rate in the next few years in global antidiarrheal drugs market. China and India are expected to be the fastest growing antidiarrheal drugs markets in Asia. Some of the key driving forces for antidiarrheal drugs market in emerging countries are large pool of patients, increasing awareness and improvement in the healthcare facilities. Various factors that are driving the global antidiarrheal drugs market are growing awareness for antidiarrheal drugs, rising government initiatives for improvement in healthcare facilities and increasing prevalence for diarrhea cases. However, various side effects associated with the uptake of antidiarrheal drugs, such as constipation, fullness and bloating are restraining the global antidiarrheal drugs market. In addition, traditional and home remedies are still popular in emerging countries; this restrains the antidiarrheal drugs market from growing. Emerging countries hold a good potential for the global antidiarrheal drugs market. Discovery of some antidiarrheal drugs with less side effects is expected to offer good opportunity for global antidiarrheal drugs market. Decrease in the efficacy of other medicine if taken along with antidiarrheal drug is a challenge faced by antidiarrheal drugs market. Some of the latest trends that have been observed in the global antidiarrheal drugs market include companies involved in geographical expansions and implementing various strategies for setting their brand. To view TOC of this report is available upon request @ www.persistencemarketresearch.com/toc/3325 Some of the major companies dealing in global antidiarrheal drugs are Johnson & Johnsons, Novartis, GlaxoSmithKline and Proctor & Gamble Pharmaceuticals. Some other companies with significant presence in the antidiarrheal drugs market are Sanofi Aventis, Pfizer, Merck & Co. and Bayer. About Us Persistence Market Research (PMR) is a third-platform research firm. Our research model is a unique collaboration of data analytics and market research methodology to help businesses achieve optimal performance. To support companies in overcoming complex business challenges, we follow a multi-disciplinary approach. At PMR, we unite various data streams from multi-dimensional sources. By deploying real-time data collection, big data, and customer experience analytics, we deliver business intelligence for organizations of all sizes. Contact Us Persistence Market Research 305 Broadway 7th Floor, New York City, NY 10007, United States, USA – Canada Toll Free: 800-961-0353 Email: sales@persistencemarketresearch.com Web: www.persistencemarketresearch.com CategoriesGoogle News, Satellite, satPRnews TagsAntidiarrheal, Antidiarrheal Drugs, Antidiarrheal Drugs Market, Drugs Market, Healthcare, Healthcare Market, Market Growth, Market Shares, Market size, Market Trends, Pharmaceutical sector Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Enago Offers English Editing Services for the World Congress of Gastroenterology at ACG2017 Next PostNext World Motorcycle Oxygen Sensor Market (14.01% CAGR) 2017 to 2021 Search Recent Posts HH Sheikh Maktoum bin Mohammed bin Rashid Al Maktoum Honore 10 Lauréats de 8 Pays au Prix Mondial de l’Eau lancé par Mohammed bin Rashid Al Maktoum HH Sheikh Maktoum bin Mohammed bin Rashid Al Maktoum Honore 10 Lauréats de 8 Pays au Prix Mondial de l’Eau lancé par Mohammed bin Rashid Al Maktoum Xiaomi Mi Pad 3 new Xiaomi tablet Arrive Gearbest Oxford Investment Group Invests in Katherine Cosmetics Michelle Obama Wears „Lafayette 148 New York Dress” in First Public Appearance Post-White House Proudly powered by WordPress
