Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy   Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Merck & Company Inc. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Merck & Company Inc. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Canada Pension Plan Investment Board Cuts Stake in Southwestern Energy Company (SWN) Qiagen N.V. (QGEN) Stake Maintained by Canada Pension Plan Investment Board Sharkey Howes & Javer Has $125,000 Stake in Pepsico, Inc. (PEP) Rockefeller Financial Services Inc. Maintains Position in Rigel Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (RIGL) Orinda Asset Management LLC Takes Position in Facebook, Inc. (FB) Rockefeller Financial Services Inc. Maintains Position in Salesforce.com Inc (CRM) The Travelers Companies, Inc. (TRV) Stake Maintained by Rockefeller Financial Services Inc. Rockefeller Financial Services Inc. Has $134,000 Position in Johnson Controls International PLC (JCI) Aperio Group LLC Boosts Stake in National CineMedia, Inc. (NCMI) Oramed Pharmaceuticals Inc. (ORMP) Shares Bought by PNC Financial Services Group Inc. Stonegate Bank (SGBK) Position Increased by PNC Financial Services Group Inc. HD Supply Holdings, Inc. (HDS) Shares Sold by PNC Financial Services Group Inc. PNC Financial Services Group Inc. Acquires 126 Shares of Signature Bank (SBNY) US Bancorp DE Has $175,000 Stake in Avangrid, Inc. (AGR) Fortinet, Inc. (FTNT) Stake Maintained by DekaBank Deutsche Girozentrale PAREXEL International Corporation (PRXL) Position Lowered by Advisor Group Inc. Advisor Group Inc. Raises Position in Callon Petroleum Company (CPE) US Bancorp DE Purchases 444 Shares of Terex Corporation (TEX) California Public Employees Retirement System Has $192,000 Position in Perceptron, Inc. (PRCP) California Public Employees Retirement System Holds Stake in IEC Electronics (IEC) FY2021 Earnings Forecast for Merck & Company, Inc. Issued By SunTrust Banks (MRK) January 12th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Jeff Wilder Filed Under: Analyst Articles - Estimates - Finance Tweet Merck & Company, Inc. (NYSE:MRK) – Investment analysts at SunTrust Banks issued their FY2021 earnings per share estimates for Merck & Company in a research report issued on Tuesday. SunTrust Banks analyst J. Boris expects that the firm will post earnings of $5.71 per share for the year. Merck & Company (NYSE:MRK) last released its quarterly earnings data on Tuesday, October 25th. The company reported $1.07 EPS for the quarter, topping the consensus estimate of $0.99 by $0.08. The company had revenue of $10.50 billion for the quarter, compared to the consensus estimate of $10.17 billion. Merck & Company had a return on equity of 24.25% and a net margin of 13.76%. Merck & Company’s quarterly revenue was up 4.6% on a year-over-year basis. During the same period last year, the business posted $0.96 EPS. ILLEGAL ACTIVITY NOTICE: “FY2021 Earnings Forecast for Merck & Company, Inc. Issued By SunTrust Banks (MRK)” was originally published by Daily Political and is the propert of of Daily Political. If you are viewing this news story on another publication, it was illegally copied and republished in violation of U.S. and international copyright law. The correct version of this news story can be read at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/01/12/fy2021-earnings-forecast-for-merck-company-inc-issued-by-suntrust-banks-mrk.html. Several other research analysts have also recently weighed in on the company. Argus restated a “buy” rating and set a $65.00 target price on shares of Merck & Company in a report on Wednesday, September 14th. Vetr cut Merck & Company from a “buy” rating to a “hold” rating and set a $64.84 target price on the stock. in a report on Monday, October 10th. Barclays PLC restated an “overweight” rating on shares of Merck & Company in a report on Wednesday, October 12th. Leerink Swann restated a “market perform” rating and set a $65.00 target price on shares of Merck & Company in a report on Wednesday, October 12th. Finally, Bank of America Corporation upgraded Merck & Company from a “neutral” rating to a “buy” rating and boosted their target price for the stock from $57.00 to $70.00 in a report on Thursday, October 13th. Two investment analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, eight have assigned a hold rating and twelve have given a buy rating to the company. Merck & Company has an average rating of “Hold” and an average target price of $65.50. Merck & Company (NYSE:MRK) traded up 0.94% on Thursday, reaching $62.21. The company’s stock had a trading volume of 24,827,749 shares. The firm has a market capitalization of $171.52 billion, a price-to-earnings ratio of 31.77 and a beta of 0.77. Merck & Company has a 52 week low of $47.97 and a 52 week high of $65.46. The company has a 50 day moving average of $60.71 and a 200 day moving average of $61.12. The business also recently disclosed a quarterly dividend, which was paid on Monday, January 9th. Shareholders of record on Thursday, December 15th were paid a $0.47 dividend. This represents a $1.88 annualized dividend and a yield of 3.02%. The ex-dividend date was Tuesday, December 13th. This is an increase from Merck & Company’s previous quarterly dividend of $0.46. Merck & Company’s dividend payout ratio is currently 95.92%. In other news, EVP Julie L. Gerberding sold 85,523 shares of the stock in a transaction dated Monday, November 7th. The shares were sold at an average price of $60.02, for a total transaction of $5,133,090.46. Following the completion of the sale, the executive vice president now owns 77,762 shares in the company, valued at $4,667,275.24. The sale was disclosed in a legal filing with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which is available through this link. Also, Director Rochelle B. Lazarus sold 20,000 shares of the stock in a transaction dated Wednesday, November 2nd. The stock was sold at an average price of $59.06, for a total transaction of $1,181,200.00. Following the sale, the director now owns 9,594 shares of the company’s stock, valued at approximately $566,621.64. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. 0.05% of the stock is currently owned by company insiders. ILLEGAL ACTIVITY NOTICE: “FY2021 Earnings Forecast for Merck & Company, Inc. Issued By SunTrust Banks (MRK)” was originally published by Daily Political and is the propert of of Daily Political. If you are viewing this news story on another publication, it was illegally copied and republished in violation of U.S. and international copyright law. The correct version of this news story can be read at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/01/12/fy2021-earnings-forecast-for-merck-company-inc-issued-by-suntrust-banks-mrk.html. Several large investors have recently made changes to their positions in the company. Boston Advisors LLC increased its stake in shares of Merck & Company by 512.1% in the second quarter. Boston Advisors LLC now owns 374,199 shares of the company’s stock valued at $21,558,000 after buying an additional 313,068 shares during the period. KBC Group NV boosted its position in Merck & Company by 32.7% in the third quarter. KBC Group NV now owns 1,398,162 shares of the company’s stock valued at $87,259,000 after buying an additional 344,592 shares in the last quarter. GW&K Investment Management LLC boosted its position in Merck & Company by 6.6% in the third quarter. GW&K Investment Management LLC now owns 369,150 shares of the company’s stock valued at $23,039,000 after buying an additional 22,736 shares in the last quarter. Seminole Management Co. Inc. purchased a new position in Merck & Company during the second quarter valued at about $19,783,000. Finally, Badgley Phelps & Bell Inc. boosted its position in Merck & Company by 14.4% in the second quarter. Badgley Phelps & Bell Inc. now owns 5,225 shares of the company’s stock valued at $301,000 after buying an additional 657 shares in the last quarter. Institutional investors and hedge funds own 72.43% of the company’s stock. About Merck & Company Merck & Co, Inc is a global healthcare company. The Company offers health solutions through its prescription medicines, vaccines, biologic therapies and animal health products, which it markets directly and through its joint ventures. It operates through one segment, Pharmaceutical. The Company’s Pharmaceutical segment includes human health pharmaceutical and vaccine products marketed either directly by the Company or through joint ventures. Receive News & Ratings for Merck & Company Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Merck & Company Inc. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Wet Foot, Dry Foot Policy Ends for Cubans Confirmation Hearing of Senator Sessions Has Controversial Moments Golden Globe Award Winner Meryl Streep Blasts President-Elect Donald Trump to Receive Election Hacking Classified Report House GOP Members Back Down on Congressional Ethics Changes © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Menu Search Follow Us Facebook Instagram Twitter Youtube Flipboard LinkedIn Google+ RSS More Youtube Flipboard LinkedIn Google+ RSS Got a tip? Let us know. News Channels Startups Mobile Gadgets Enterprise Social Europe Asia Crunch Network Unicorn Leaderboard Gift Guides All Topics All Galleries All Timelines Video Shows Apps News CES 2017 Crunch Report Gadgets Reviews Interviews TC Features All Shows All Videos Events TechCrunch Events Disrupt Startup Battlefield Crunchies Meetups International City Events Hackathon Include NFL’s 1ST and Future TechCrunch Store News About Mobile World Congress CES All Events Crunchbase Trending Tesla Google Facebook News Startups Mobile Gadgets Enterprise Social Europe Message Us Search TechCrunch Search TechCrunch Search Search × Hi! You are about to activate our Facebook Messenger news bot. Once subscribed, the bot will send you a digest of trending stories once a day. You can also customize the types of stories it sends you. Click on the button below to subscribe and wait for a new Facebook message from the TC Messenger news bot. Thanks, TC Team 10th Annual CrunchiesWin A Trip To The Crunchies In San Francisco Enter To Win Today Palantir Big data company Palantir quietly raised another $20M in November Palantir says it didn’t racially discriminate against Asian people Why a Palantir IPO might not be far off Browse more... Alex Karp Why a Palantir IPO might not be far off Palantir: The Next Billion-Dollar Company Raises $90 Million Browse more... With billions of dollars at stake, Merck and Palantir partner to discover drugs faster Posted Jan 12, 2017 by Connie Loizos (@cookie) 0 SHARES Next Story Netflix’s iBoy would face a heavy dose of smartphone upgrade cycle regret Merck, the German multinational chemical and pharmaceutical company, is teaming up with Silicon Valley’s highest-profile data and analysis software company, Palantir, to more quickly develop new drugs and, hopefully, improve patient outcomes. The idea at the start is for the companies to partner on three of Merck’s business sectors: healthcare, life sciences, and performance materials. TechCrunch couldn’t make it to Palantir for an on-site announcement about the deal this morning, but founder and CEO Alex Karp said in a statement that, “When something like cancer is killing 8.2 million people each year we want to do everything we can to apply our technological expertise to the fight alongside partners who have been there since the beginning.” The companies aren’t discussing terms of the deal in any great detail, though Palantir has motivations beyond the purely altruistic, of course. Specifically, it will see some upside if its work leads to a promising drug or combination of drugs that achieve meaningful commercial success, according to both companies. We’re hoping to talk with either Karp or Merck CEO Stefan Oschmann this afternoon for more details, including whether Palantir’s work with Merck will preclude it from working with competing pharmaceutical giants like Bristol-Myers Squibb. (It’s probably safe to assume that it will.) Certainly, it’s a feather in the cap of Palantir. Not only does it demonstrate that the richly valued company isn’t reliant on U.S. government contracts alone, but there’s a lot of money at stake, with the market for lung cancer patients valued at $10 billion a year alone. Featured Image: panda3800/Shutterstock 0 SHARES Advertisement Advertisement Crunchbase Palantir Web Consultancy Founded 1996 Overview Palantir.net is a boutique web consultancy firm that creates engaging online experiences. It is a full-service web design, development, and strategy firm that uses open-source technologies to help enable people to share information in innovative ways. Location Chicago, IL Categories E-Commerce, Web Development, Web Design Founders George DeMet Website http://www.palantir.net/ Full profile for Palantir Web Consultancy Palantir Technologies Founded 2004 Overview Palantir's mission is to solve the most important problems for the world's most important institutions. Palantir was founded in 2004 by a handful of [PayPal](/company/paypal) alumni and Stanford computer scientists. Since then Palantir has doubled in size every year while retaining early-stage values: a startup culture, strong work ethic, and rigorous hiring standards. Palantir works in a variety … Location Palo Alto, CA Categories Computer, Analytics, Software, Information Technology Website http://www.palantir.com Full profile for Palantir Technologies Newsletter Subscriptions The Daily Crunch Get the top tech stories of the day delivered to your inbox TC Weekly Roundup Get a weekly recap of the biggest tech stories Crunchbase Daily The latest startup funding announcements Enter Address Subscribe SEE ALL NEWSLETTERS » Latest Crunch Report Nintendo Switch Hits the Market on March 3 | Crunch Report Watch More Episodes Alex Karp Palantir Popular Posts Featured Stories Sarah Michelle Gellar on starting Foodstirs VIDEO | 4:58 | Interviews Start thinking like a startup 3 hours ago | Mona Bijoor Dronerise: gradually, then suddenly 11 hours ago | Jon Evans, Columnist SpaceX successfully lands its first-stage Falcon 9 rocket on drone ship yesterday | Darrell Etherington SpaceX successfully returns to launch with Iridium-1 NEXT Falcon 9 mission yesterday | Darrell Etherington Latest From TechCrunch Start thinking like a startup 3 hours ago | Mona Bijoor Lessons from Dharamsala on business and life 5 hours ago | Karl Mehta Puerto Rico turns to tech and entrepreneurialism to revitalize the economy 7 hours ago | Jim Glade Innovation under the hood will rev the engines of a fintech revolution 11 hours ago | Matt Heiman Comment moderation powered by Up Next Netflix’s iBoy would face a heavy dose of smartphone upgrade cycle regret Posted Jan 12, 2017 CrunchBoard Job Listings Digital Marketing Specialist at IBISWorld (Los Angeles, CA, United States) Head of Marketing at Concord (San Francisco, CA, United States) DevOps Engineer @ Qadium at The Sourcery (San Francisco, CA, United States) Sales Director at Shopkick (New York, NY, United States) System Administrator at Shopkick (Redwood City, CA, United States) More from CrunchBoard Advertisement TechCrunch News Video Events Crunchbase TechCrunch Store About Staff Contact Us Advertise With Us Event & Editorial Calendar Send Us A Tip International China Europe Japan Follow TechCrunch Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Youtube Pinterest Tumblr Instagram StumbleUpon Feed TechCrunch Apps iOS Android Windows 8 Subscribe to The Daily Crunch Latest headlines delivered to you daily Subscribe to <span class="no-mobile">Subscribe to </span>The Daily Crunch Enter Email Address Subscribe © 2013-2017 AOL Inc. All rights reserved. Aol Tech Privacy Policy About Our Ads Anti Harassment Policy Terms of Service Powered by WordPress.com VIP Fonts by News Startups Mobile Gadgets Enterprise Social Europe Asia Crunch Network Unicorn Leaderboard Gift Guides All Galleries All Timelines Videos Apps News CES 2017 Crunch Report All Shows All Videos Events Disrupt Startup Battlefield Crunchies Meetups International City Events Hackathon Include NFL’s 1ST and Future TechCrunch Store All Events Crunchbase Message Us Most Popular WTF is machine learning? Oct 23, 2016 by John Mannes Start thinking like a startup 3 hours ago by Mona Bijoor Puerto Rico turns to tech and entrepreneurialism to revitalize the economy 7 hours ago by Jim Glade Innovation under the hood will rev the engines of a fintech revolution 11 hours ago by Matt Heiman Facebook encourages text statuses with new colored backgrounds Dec 19, 2016 by Josh Constine Technology can’t replace the human touch 11 hours ago by Ron Miller Dronerise: gradually, then suddenly 11 hours ago by Jon Evans SpaceX successfully lands its first-stage Falcon 9 rocket on drone ship yesterday by Darrell Etherington Apple’s first AirPods ad reminds me of the iPod ads yesterday by Romain Dillet
Bloomberg the Company & Its ProductsBloomberg Anywhere Remote LoginBloomberg Anywhere LoginBloomberg Terminal Demo Request Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Philanthropy & Engagement Bloomberg London Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Bloomberg Tradebook Bloomberg Briefs Bloomberg Indices Bloomberg SEF Bloomberg Institute Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center Enterprise Products Enterprise Solutions Trading Solutions Bloomberg Vault Bloomberg PolarLake Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps News Bureaus Media Services Bloomberg Live Conferences Bloomberg Media Distribution Advertising Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Philanthropy & Engagement Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Bloomberg London Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps News Bureaus Media Services Advertising Bloomberg Media Distribution Bloomberg Live Conferences Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Bloomberg Tradebook Bloomberg Briefs Bloomberg Indices Bloomberg SEF Bloomberg Institute Enterprise Products Enterprise Solutions Trading Solutions Bloomberg Vault Bloomberg PolarLake Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center MENU Homepage Markets Stocks Currencies Commodities Rates + Bonds Economics Magazine Benchmark Watchlist Economic Calendar Tech U.S. Global Startups Cybersecurity Digital Media Bloomberg Technology TV Hello World Studio 1.0 Pursuits Cars & Bikes Style & Grooming Spend Watches & Gadgets Food & Drinks Travel Real Estate Art & Design Politics With All Due Respect Poll Decoder Culture Caucus Podcast Masters In Politics Podcast Ad Tracker Battlegrounds 2016 Opinion View Gadfly Businessweek Subscribe Cover Stories Opening Remarks Etc Features 85th Anniversary Issue Behind The Cover More Science + Energy Graphics Game Plan Small Business Personal Finance Inspire GO The David Rubenstein Show Sponsored Content Bloomberg About The Company Sign In Sign In Subscribe Photographer: Krisztian Bocsi/Bloomberg Germany’s Merck Taps Palantir for Big Data Health Initiative by Lizette Chapman @lizette_chapman More stories by Lizette Chapman January 12, 2017, 2:25 PM EST January 12, 2017, 5:36 PM EST Broad partnership will focus first on cancer drug discoveries Merck is biggest pharma deal for Palantir, latest European win Merck KGaA said it will use Palantir Technologies Inc. software to analyze the reams of pharmaceutical, life sciences and chemical data it collects to help develop and deliver products more rapidly. The deal marks the first step in a long-term partnership giving Palantir a cut of Merck’s resulting profits, the chemical and pharma giant said at Palantir’s headquarters in Palo Alto, California. The companies will initially focus on treatment and services for cancer patients. They plan to eventually roll out the data tools to all divisions of the 349-year-old German company. Merck Chief Executive Officer Stefan Oschmann said Thursday that its profit-sharing arrangement with Palantir wasn’t “typical.” Palantir usually charges service fees. Merck and Palantir declined to provide financial terms. Companies and government agencies use Palantir to pull disparate data sources onto a software platform and mine the information for meaning. Palantir said it will develop tools tailored to Merck researchers, helping them to better target potential patients, speed drug development and improve the efficiency of existing medicine supply chains. For Merck, the deal represents a larger effort to digitize its labs and modernize its tools and drug businesses. Merck aims to use Palantir to meld data collected by its researchers with other bioinformatic information to better target cancer patients who could most benefit from new drugs and then make development and discovery of those drugs more efficient. Exclusive insights on technology around the world. Get Fully Charged, from Bloomberg Technology. Sign Up Business Your guide to the most important business stories of the day, every day. You will now receive the Business newsletter Politics The latest political news, analysis, charts, and dispatches from Washington. You will now receive the Politics newsletter Markets The most important market news of the day. So you can sleep an extra five minutes. You will now receive the Markets newsletter Pursuits What to eat, drink, wear and drive – in real life and your dreams. You will now receive the Pursuits newsletter Game Plan The school, work and life hacks you need to get ahead. You will now receive the Game Plan newsletter Palantir is looking for ways to diversify its business beyond government contracts. The Silicon Valley company -- co-founded and backed by billionaire Peter Thiel, a member of Donald Trump’s presidential transition team -- got its start in government contracting and has long been a technology darling of the departments of Defense, Justice and Homeland Security, among others. In recent years, it’s been working to amass more corporate customers and expand geographically before a possible initial public offering. The deal with Merck is the largest Palantir has secured in the drug and pharma sector, eclipsing arrangements with other companies including GlaxoSmithKline Plc. Palantir CEO Alex Karp said his company will have software developers on the ground in Germany to work with Merck, and he anticipates the partnership could last about a decade. “There’s no finality to it,” he said. As the chiefs of both companies sat together in front of a small gathering of reporters Thursday, Oschmann recalled how he was introduced to Karp through a mutual friend. Oschmann joked that the friend described Palantir as “arrogant” but technically adept, so the two CEOs met about a year ago at an airport and quickly developed a rapport. The collaboration is part of a push for Palantir in Europe, its fastest-growing region outside the U.S. Karp said the company increased cash collections by nearly 50 percent last year from $420 million in 2015. He said Palantir expects to be profitable by next year. Before it's here, it's on the Bloomberg Terminal. LEARN MORE Trending Now Trump Team May Move West Wing Briefings to Expand Capacity Trump Slams NATO, Floats Russia Nuke Deal in European Interview Pound Slides at Much as 1.6% as May Reported to Seek Hard Brexit Trump Team Shunning Davos Meeting of World’s Economic Elite Trump Asks If Outgoing CIA Chief Was Leaker of ‘Fake News’ Terms of Service Trademarks Privacy Policy ©2017 Bloomberg L.P. All Rights Reserved Careers Made in NYC Advertise Ad Choices Website Feedback Help
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login MENU Latest Stock Picks News Investing News Fool Podcasts Guides How to Invest Retirement Personal Finance Motley Fool Answers Options Trading Find a Broker Compare IRA Accounts ETF - Exchange Traded Funds Community Discussion Boards CAPS More About Help My Fool My Fool My Profile My Watchlist My Scorecard My Boards My CAPS My Reports My Subscriptions My Settings Premium Advice My Services None Other Services None Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Search Search: 2 Upgrades In 1 Day for Merck -- and 3 Things You Need to Know Why Morgan Stanley and Guggenheim both love this stock. Rich Smith (TMFDitty) Jan 12, 2017 at 12:43PM Thursday is dawning bright for shareholders of Merck (NYSE:MRK), as the stock gains 2% in response to two separate upgrades on Wall Street. This morning, StreetInsider.com reported that first Morgan Stanley ("outperform"), then Guggenheim ("buy") have issued new upgrades on Merck stock. Merck currently costs about $63 per share, but in the opinion of Morgan Stanley, progress on the drug company's new Keytruda cancer treatment has the potential to lift Merck stock to $71. Guggenheim is only slightly less optimistic, predicting that Merck will hit $70 within a year. Here are three things you need to know about why. Merck is taking aim at lung cancer. Image source: Getty Images. 1. Where to start? Let's begin at the beginning, with Morgan Stanley's bold prediction that Merck stock -- up 17% last year already, will tack on a further 13% gain in 2017. According to Morgan, having already received first approval for "monotherapy" with Keytruda, Merck is set "to extend its lead in first-line lung cancer." The market for non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC, estimated at 85% to 90% of all lung cancer) drugs is estimated to grow from a recent value of $5.1 billion to as much as $7.9 billion by 2020. Morgan believes that as early as May, Merck will receive FDA approval to begin treating NSCLC with a combination of Keytruda and chemotherapy. Calling early results with Keytruda "highly compelling," Morgan believes that approval will be granted "conditional on Phase 3 1L lung success," giving Merck "at least several months' head start vs. competitors in first-line covering almost all patients." 2. Define "almost all" That last phrase could be important, because as Guggenheim also argues, Merck now has the "potential" to "capture the entire non-squamous non-small cell lung cancer market, regardless of PD-L1 expression," as early as Q2 of this year. 3. Dollars and cents What does this opportunity mean for Merck stock? According to Guggenheim, "if we assume approval of Keytruda plus chemotherapy in front line NSCLC occurs, our global numbers for Keytruda in 2017 and 2018 move from $3.1B to $3.69B and from $4.84B to $5.29B." And while $5.29 billion sounds like a lot of money, if Merck can capture and keep control of this market, those sales could conceivably rise as high as $7.9 billion by 2020. That would be more than twice the Keytruda sales Guggenheim was previously projecting for Merck this year -- 155% growth in just four years. The most important thing: Context Of course, even if all of this is true, it's important to put Keytruda into context within Merck's overall business. Currently, Merck is pulling down annual sales in the range of $39.9 billion. At Guggenheim's new estimate, Keytruda could comprise more than 9% of those sales in 2017. And if Merck still controls the whole market in 2020, that could add a further $4.2 billion in sales for the company four years from now, contributing about 2.5% annually to the company's overall growth rate. (And to put that in context, analysts polled by S&P Global Market Intelligence believe Merck's overall growth rate over the next five years will be 8.8% -- so 28% of the company's growth will come from just this one product.) Obviously, Keytruda is big news for Merck. But is it big enough news to make the stock a buy? Here's where I become less certain -- and I'll tell you why. At its present valuation of $63 a share, Merck stock carries a valuation of 34.6 times earnings. Guggenheim estimates that 2017 earnings will explode much higher, however, to as much as $3.91 per share. Even if it's right, though, this boost in earnings will only suffice to drop the P/E down to 16 -- which still seems expensive assuming a sub-9% growth rate. What's more, even with Keytruda, Guggenheim estimates that 2018 earnings will grow only from $3.91 to $4.15 per share, which works out to just 6% growth. After crunching the numbers, I'm forced to conclude: Keytruda may be a great product with great prospects -- but it's still not big enough news to justify buying this overpriced stock. Fool contributor Rich Smith does not own shares of, nor is he short, any company named above. You can find him on Motley Fool CAPS, publicly pontificating under the handle TMFDitty, where he currently ranks No. 358 out of more than 75,000 rated members. The Motley Fool has no position in any of the stocks mentioned. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author Rich Smith (TMFDitty) I like things that go "boom." Sonic or otherwise, that means I tend to gravitate towards defense and aerospace stocks. But to tell the truth, over the course of a dozen years writing for The Motley Fool, I have covered -- and continue to cover -- everything from retailers to consumer goods stocks, and from tech to banks to insurers as well. Follow me on Twitter or Facebook for the most important developments in defense & aerospace news, and other great stories besides. Follow @richsmithfool Article Info Jan 12, 2017 at 12:43PM Health Care Stocks Merck and Co. NYSE:MRK $62.34 up $0.13 (0.21%) Read More Legal Dispute Puts Ionis Pharmaceuticals' Payday on Hold After Opdivo's Failure, Is Merck a Better Buy Than Bristol-Myers? 3 Top Big Pharma Stocks to Buy Now Get Paid While You Wait: 3 Top Big Pharma Dividend Stocks A Big Breakthrough for Ovarian Cancer Patients Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Terms of Use Privacy Policy Accessibility Policy Copyright, Trademark and Patent Information Terms and Conditions © 1995 - 2017 The Motley Fool. All rights reserved. Current themotleyfool 2 Upgrades In 1 Day for Merck -- and 3 Things You Need to Know #stocks $MRK
HOME EDITION News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Investing Trading Nation Trader Talk Financial Advisors Personal Finance CNBC Explains Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Recode Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows Watch Live CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Full Episodes More Log In | Register Log Out News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Consumer Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Halftime Portfolio Squawk Box Portfolio Take a Tour Subscribe Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Investing Trading Nation Trader Talk Financial Advisors Personal Finance CNBC Explains Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Recode Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Special Reports Modern Medicine FinTech CNBC Upstart 25 Retail Report Future Opportunities Davos Your Money, Your Future Original Series Executive Edge Trading Nation Futures Now Retire Well The Pulse @ 1 Market The Bottom Line CNBC Events Davos Delivering Alpha eMerge Americas iCONIC Conference Cambridge Cyber Summit Sohn Conference Follow CNBC EDITION Register Log In Profile Email Preferences PRO Sign Out Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Halftime Portfolio Squawk Box Portfolio Take a Tour Subscribe LIVE TV Watch CNBC TV Watch CNBC Pro Watchlist X × × × Pro Analysis Start Over| ‹ This stock will ride autonomous driving boom this year, Jefferies says Breakingviews: CNN sale in AT&T-Time Warner deal? Morgan Stanley names GrubHub its top pick in mid-cap internet space IBM to plunge more than 30% this year on weak earnings, Credit Suisse says Facebook to rally more than 20% on strong ad demand, Raymond James says Traders think these seven stocks will beat earnings expectations next week Goldman downgrades Apple supplier Skyworks on competitive threat from Broadcom Enthusiasm around Trump's fiscal spending may be overdone, Credit Suisse says Merck to rally 15 percent on successful cancer drug, Morgan Stanley says Sell Boeing on lower plane profitability, Trump trade policy risk, RBC says 10 most important morning stories Cracks in Trump’s infrastructure Bank stocks are still undervalued even after Trump rally, Strategas says Buy Conagra Brands on improving profits, Trump's tax cuts, Citi says Wells Fargo recommends Salesforce, software stocks for 2017 Deutsche Bank downgrades AT&T on increasing competition JPMorgan makes Netflix a top pick for 2017 on 'increased global profitability' 10 most important morning stories JPMorgan makes Facebook a 'top large-cap pick' Underperforming American Express to rally 29%, Oppenheimer says Here's how to invest in the coming self-driving boom, JPMorgan says Trader Jon Najarian buys these stocks on Trump's aim to boost US auto production Trump's protectionist policies may accelerate automation of US jobs: Strategist Apple is a top pick for 2017, Morgan Stanley says Wells Fargo upgrades bank stocks, names Bank of America its top pick Sell Procter & Gamble on valuation, poor sales, Goldman Sachs says Sell Coca-Cola on weak soda sales, Goldman Sachs says 10 most important morning stories Amazon may hold the Trump card The biggest bull on Wall Street last year just became the most bearish one Shake Shack downgraded on valuation and management turnover: Analyst Goldman Sachs' earnings to boom over the next two years under Trump, UBS predicts UBS downgrades McDonald's on slowing sales, valuation Hershey shares to rally on lower cocoa prices, other cost savings, analyst says Disney to rally 21% this year on over-the-top deals: RBC 10 most important morning stories Traders betting these four stocks will beat earnings expectations next week These ETFs could pop if the Trump rally continues to lose steam Here are 7 'black swan' events that could upend oil, commodity prices this year Evercore lowers its earnings outlook for Twitter Shares of disk-drive maker Western Digital to rally 27 percent in 2017, analyst says Citi downgrades Mylan, says EpiPen price scrutiny to continue RBC makes MasterCard a top pick on internet of things transactions Betting on biotech during JPMorgan's big health-care conference pays off These stocks hated by hedge funds could be ripe for a 'short squeeze' rally Breakingviews: Goldman wins again with Trump's SEC pick Bank of America upgrades cigarette maker Altria to buy on Trump Last year's losers tripling the return of the market so far in 2017 Cowen downgrades JetBlue, American and United on rich valuations Apple to rally more than 20% this year on the next iPhone, Guggenheim says Jefferies turns bearish on casual dining stocks, downgrades Dunkin' Brands Buy Panera Bread on expansion of delivery service, Oppenheimer says 10 most important morning stories Bank of America's top investment ideas for the first quarter of 2017 JPMorgan Chase is the best bank stock to own in 2017, Barclays says JPMorgan upgrades telecom stock CenturyLink on its 9 percent dividend yield Buy Verizon on new growth opportunities, Trump's policies, Citi says Credit Suisse upgrades Xerox to outperform, predicts 39 percent rally ahead Buy Disney on Trump agenda, Evercore ISI says 10 most important morning stories Pharma's middlemen will feel the squeeze in 2017 Disney buying Netflix could be practical magic Street picks: 10 technology stocks ready to pop Baird's 'best pick for 2017' is Tesla 10 most important morning stories Here are 10 stock picks for next year from the best industrial analysts of 2016 Trump’s job spin pales beside Obama’s recovery Buy consumer and technology stocks for 2017, Jefferies says Despite investor enthusiasm for Trump, Wall Street's outlook remains muted 10 stocks ready to drop Here are 3 top health-care stock ideas for 2017 from Morgan Stanley 10 most important morning stories Here are 10 stock picks for next year from the best services analysts of 2016 Dow 20,000 is the market’s version of fake news Street picks: 10 industrial stocks ready to pop Tech investor Paul Meeks shares his investment strategy and top picks for 2017 Here are 4 top internet stock ideas for 2017 from Evercore ISI 10 most important morning stories Buy industrials and materials stocks on Trump, Oppenheimer says Wal-Mart’s tortoise-like digital pace may pay off Street picks: 10 energy stocks ready to pop Here are 10 stock picks for next year from the best financial analysts of 2016 Trader Lebenthal sells Time Warner Top 10 most-crowded stocks investors may want to avoid 10 most important morning stories Sell GNC, Piper Jaffray says Trade like it's 1999? Strategist sees return to volatile environment Citi raises its 2017 S&P 500 forecast, citing the 'Trump jump and pump' GameStop to rally 40% on valuation, slower shift to digital game sales: Analyst 7 dividend stock picks from Strategas Top trader Lebenthal, up 33% in 2016, sells Lockheed shares Bet on Nike comeback in 2017 due to new sneakers, e-commerce growth, analyst says Yelp a top tech pick for 2017 on 'request-a-quote' feature, analyst says Buy these 4 financial stocks, FBR says JetBlue downgraded on rising costs associated with expansion into new markets Latest M&A deals to disappoint Here are 10 stock picks for next year from the best health-care analysts of 2016 2017 is active managers' 'last chance' to stop the ETF takeover, analyst says Sell Twitter as rampant executive turnover is a red flag, analyst says Louis Navellier, up 15 percent in 2016, buys maker of laser transmitters › Pro Analysis Merck to rally 15 percent on successful cancer drug, Morgan Stanley says Tae Kim | @firstadopter Thursday, 12 Jan 2017 | 10:25 AM ETCNBC.com SHARES John Tlumacki | The Boston Globe | Getty Images A scientist works in a Merck research lab. Investors should buy Merck shares because profits from its cancer treatments will top expectations in the coming years, according to Morgan Stanley, which upgraded the pharmaceutical company to overweight from equal weight. "We expect Merck to return to accelerating earnings growth in 2018 after six years of flat earnings driven by Keytruda growth as Merck builds on its leadership position in immuno-oncology," analyst David Risinger wrote in a note to clients Thursday. "Our long term estimates are well above consensus." Keytruda leverages the body's immune system to fight cancer cells. Tae KimInvesting Journalist Related Securities Symbol Price   Change %Change MRK --- Pro Analysis This stock will ride autonomous driving boom to 20 percent-plus gains this year, Jefferies says Breakingviews: CNN sale could be pivotal in AT&T-Time Warner deal Morgan Stanley names GrubHub its top pick in mid-cap internet space, predicts 18% rally IBM to plunge more than 30% this year on weak earnings, Credit Suisse says Facebook to rally more than 20% this year on strong ad demand, low valuation, Raymond James says To view this site, you need to have JavaScript enabled in your browser, and either the Flash Plugin or an HTML5-Video enabled browser. Download the latest Flash player and try again. Playing Share this video... × Watch Next...
Benzinga Benzinga Pro Marketfy Financial Data & APIs Fintech Awards Membership is Free What are you waiting for? Sign up now! Username: Username available! Username taken! Email: Email available! Email taken! Password: Leave blank: OR Free Account Login Click here to access your premium account Username or email: Password: OR Forgot password?' Looking for ? CLICK HERE Contribute Login Sign up Benzinga - Feed Your Mind. Home Best of Benzinga Careers About Contact Us Partners Benzinga Fintech Awards News Earnings Guidance Dividends M&A Buybacks Legal Interviews Management Retail Sales Offerings IPOs Insider Trades Biotech/FDA Markets Pre-Market After Hours Movers Forex Commodities Options Binary Options Bonds Futures Global Economics Previews Reviews Small-Cap Ratings Analyst Color Downgrades Upgrades Initiations Price Target Ideas Long Ideas Short Ideas Technicals From The Press Jim Cramer Rumors ETFs Tech Start-Ups Fintech Personal Finance Premium Products My Watchlist Analyst Color Downgrades Upgrades Initiations Price Target Market Overview Tickers Articles Keywords Search by keyword...googlecse Favorable News On Keytruda Drives Piper Jaffray's Upgrade Of Merck Jim Swanson , Benzinga Staff Writer   {{following ? "Following" : "Follow"}} January 12, 2017 10:11am   Comments Share: Related MRK 8 Biggest Price Target Changes For Thursday Benzinga's Top Upgrades, Downgrades For January 12, 2017 Sanofi: Key Threats In 2017 And Beyond (Seeking Alpha) After the close on Wednesday, Merck & Co., Inc. (NYSE: MRK) announced that the FDA had accepted its filing for Keytruda based on the KEYNOTE 021G data presented by the company at ESMO comparing the drug candidate plus chemo to chemo alone in 1L lung cancer. Piper Jaffray’s Richard J. Purkiss upgraded the rating on the company from Neutral to Overweight, while raising the price target from $63 to $72. Keytruda Approval Expected “As the study had randomized only 123 patients, few expected FDA to accept a filing. However, we now expect FDA will conditionally approve the use of Keytruda + chemo in patients with lung tumors <50 percent PD-L1 by May 10th 2017,” the analyst mentioned. This means that the adoption of Keytruda in 1L lung cancer would be brought meaningfully forward, to the “initial detriment of other I/O contenders”. However, Purkiss noted that visibility into 1L lung cancer continued to be low beyond 2017, given that Phase 3 I/O studies were still expected to provide data in 2017/18. Market Share The analyst believes the approval of Keytruda in 1L lung cancer for patients with tumors that express less than 50 percent PD-L1 opens up a new opportunity for Merck of a little less than 100,000 patients in the United States. Assuming I/O penetration of about 65 percent, Purkiss expects Merck to take 90 percent share of the market in 2017, falling to 45 percent in 2018 and 35 percent in 2019. This suggests sales of $6.4 billion in 2017, $8.5 billion in 2018 and $7.7 billion in 2019. However, the analyst expects “meaningful share erosion for Keytruda beyond 2017 as competitor I/O combo data reads out.” Latest Ratings for MRK Date Firm Action From To Jan 2017 Guggenheim Upgrades Neutral Buy Jan 2017 Morgan Stanley Upgrades Equal-Weight Overweight Dec 2016 Jefferies Downgrades Hold Underperform View More Analyst Ratings for MRK View the Latest Analyst Ratings Posted-In: Analyst Color Biotech Long Ideas News Upgrades Health Care Price Target FDA Best of Benzinga © 2017 Benzinga.com. Benzinga does not provide investment advice. All rights reserved.   Related Articles (MRK) 8 Biggest Price Target Changes For Thursday Benzinga's Top Upgrades, Downgrades For January 12, 2017 Merck's Leadership Position In Immuno Oncology Is Improving The Market In 5 Minutes: Jobless Claims Lower, Trump Conference Shakes Sectors All The Markets Trump Moved During His Speech Today Here's What Merck's Keytruda News Means For Bristol-Myers View Comments and Join the Discussion! View the discussion thread. Sign up for email alerts on MRK Trending Recent 1 DCIX, PRGNF: Shippers On A Run Again Amid No News 2 TENX, NBIX: 7 Biotech Catalysts Remaining In January 3 SPY: Lessons To Learn From George Soros' $1 Billion Elec... 4 APVO, NAKD: 12 Biggest Mid-Day Gainers For Friday 5 AAPL: Gene Munster Shares His Expectations For A... 6 DXCM, MDT: DexCom Jumps 25% As It Becomes On... 7 NFLX: Netflix To Remain A Growth St... 1 PODD, TNDM: DexCom Jumps 25% As It Becomes Only Continuous Glucose Monitoring With... 2 AAPL: Apple's AirPod Success: Headphone Users Show They're Wil... 3 SPY: Lessons To Learn From George Soros' $1 Billion Election-Tr... 4 OAK, AMZN: Greek Philosophy, Tough Guys, And Rubber Necking 5 NTODY, NTDOY: How Nintendo's Last 4 Gaming Consoles... 6 AAPL: Gene Munster Shares His Expectations F... 7 SN, ARRY: Mid-Afternoon Market Update: D... View upcoming Earnings, Ratings, Dividend and Economic Calendars. Benzinga Benzinga is a fast-growing, dynamic and innovative financial media outlet that empowers investors with high-quality, unique content. Popular Channels Analyst Ratings Be Your Own Boss ETFs Economics Forex Hot News Options Press Releases Start-ups Tech Tools & Features Affiliate Program Premarket Prep Feeds News Widget Real Time Feed Sitemap Submit News Tips About Benzinga About Us Licensing and APIs Apps (iOS and Android) Fintech Awards Blog In the News Careers Contact Us Disclaimer Privacy Policy Syndication Terms and Conditions Benzinga Partners 1 (877) 440-9464 (ZING) © Copyright Benzinga Benzinga - Feed Your Mind News Markets Ratings Ideas Tech Small-Cap Personal Finance Premium Products 4 Reasons Why You Shouldn't Automatically Renew Your Benefits Each Year Clinton Supporter George Soros Lost $1 Billion During The 'Trump Rally'
24/7 Wall St. - Insightful Analysis and Commentary for U.S. and Global Equity Investors Search this site Business Aerospace & Defense Autos Banking & Finance Commodities & Metals Consumer Products Energy Healthcare Industrials Infrastructure Media Retail Services Technology Apps & Software Consumer Electronics Telecom & Wireless Apple Inc. Facebook Google Investing Analyst Upgrades Bankruptcy Buffett Corporate Governance Corporate Performance Dividends and Buybacks Earnings ETFs and Mutual Funds International Markets IPOs and Secondaries Mergers and Acquisitions Personal Finance Rumors Value Investing Economy Energy Government Regulation Healthcare Housing Jobs Special Report Brands and Products Cities Countries States Wednesday’s Top Biopharma Movers By Chris Lange January 11, 2017 3:22 pm EST Print Email Tweet Biotech and pharma companies were on the move Wednesday. A few of the smaller caps made tremendous gains on the day, while a couple of the major firms saw massive volume and a slight move. Although some of the companies may not be the largest in the sector, they were some of the most heavily traded on Wednesday. These companies 24/7 Wall St. has picked stood out from the rest on Wednesday morning. We have included information about each company, as well as recent trading activity and the consensus price target. Derma Sciences, Inc. (NASDAQ: DSCI) reported that it has entered into a definitive agreement with Integra LifeSciences Holdings Corp. (NASDAQ: IART) to be acquired. According to the deal, Integra is paying $7 per share of common stock in cash for a total value of roughly $204 million. Apart from the common stock, Integra is paying $32.00 per share for its outstanding shares of Series A Convertible Preferred Stock and $48.00 per share for its Series B Convertible Preferred Stock, reflecting the stated value of such preferred stock in each case. The transaction has been approved by the boards of directors of both companies and is expected to close in the first quarter of 2017. Shares of Derma were last trading up 39% at $6.95, with a consensus analyst price target of $8.50 and a 52-week trading range of $2.85 to $7.00. Shares of Integra were recently trading down about 3.6% at $43.28. The stock has a consensus analyst price target of $46.67 and a 52-week trading range of $42.64 to $88.86. Merck & Co., Inc. (NYSE: MRK) reported that the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) has accepted for review the supplemental Biologics License Application (sBLA) for Keytruda (pembrolizumab), for the treatment of non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC). This is the first application for regulatory approval of Keytruda in combination with another treatment. The FDA granted a Priority Review, Prescription Drug User Fee Act (PDUFA), target action date of May 10, 2017. The sBLA will be reviewed under the FDA’s Accelerated Approval program. Keep in mind that there are many other FDA decisions coming up within the next two months. Shares of Merck were last trading up 2% at $61.22, with a consensus analyst price target of $67.28 and a 52-week trading range of $47.97 to $65.46. Pfizer Inc. (NYSE: PFE) saw its shares recoil on Wednesday after President-Elect Donald Trump made comments on the health care sector. Trump said that these drugmakers are “getting away with murder.” He criticized the industry for heavy lobbying and took a somewhat democratic stance on the issue as opposed to a conservative one. Although this might just be a near-term set back, investors can still make the most out of Pfizer because it is one of the Dogs of the Dow. 24/7 Wall St. has also examined the Bull and Bear case for Pfizer and Merck, as well as the other Dow healthcare stocks. Shares of Pfizer were last trading down 2% at $32.75, with a consensus analyst price target of $37.65 and a 52-week trading range of $28.25 to $37.39. Valeant Pharmaceuticals International Inc. (NYSE: VRX) saw its shares make a handy gain on Tuesday after the company announced about $2.1 billion in non-core asset sales in an effort to pay down its debt. However Wednesday was a different story. The company has given back practically all of Tuesday’s gains. It seems that many investors and analysts believe that despite this sale, Valeant will still have a rocky road ahead. On Tuesday the company reported that it would be selling all of its outstanding equity interests in Dendreon Pharmaceuticals to Sanpower Group, one of the largest privately owned conglomerates in China. The price tag for this deal came to a total of $819.9 million. Separately, the company announced that it entered into an agreement to sell its CeraVe, AcneFree and AMBI skincare brands to L’Oreal for $1.3 billion in cash. It’s worth noting that CeraVe, AcneFree and AMBI product lines have annualized revenues of roughly $168 million. Valeant will use the $2.1 billion in proceeds to repay about $5 billion of its senior debt over the coming year. The transactions are expected to close in the first half of 2017, and are still subject to regulatory and customary closing conditions. Shares of Valeant were trading down more than 5% at $15.55, with a consensus analyst price target of $23.97 and a 52-week trading range of $13.00 to $101.40. I'm interested in the Newsletter Get Newsletter terms and conditions   By Chris Lange « Nearly 2 Million High-Tech Employees Are Underpaid Merck, IBM Pace DJIA to Wednesday Gain » Read more: Healthcare Business, Active Trader, biotech, healthcare, Mergers and Acquisitions, pharmaceuticals, Integra LifeSciences (NASDAQ:IART), Merck & Co., Inc. (NYSE:MRK), Pfizer (NYSE:PFE), Valeant Pharmaceuticals Intern... (NYSE:VRX) Free Daily Newsletter Subscribe Terms & Conditions Sponsors Popular The Largest Private Company in Every State Cities Where You Don't Want to Get Sick The Worst Companies to Work For The Largest Employer in Every State Best (and Worst) Paying Cities for Women Recent 5 Must-See Earnings Coming This Week Top 5 Dow Stocks Reporting Earnings This Week Huge Michael Dell Purchase Highlights Insider Buying: Dell Technologies, Accelerate Diagnostics, Loxo Oncology and More 10 Worst States to Grow Old Get Quote for: Symbol Lookup Search How a Roth IRA Can Help You Make the Most of Social Security 1 Company Pioneering the AI Revolution Simple Ways to Maximize Your Social Security Benefits Macy's fires chief growth officer Peter Sachse Nasdaq Composite Index closes up 26.63 points, or 0.5%, at 5,574.12 S&P 500 closes up 4.12 points, or 0.2%, at 2,274.59 Caterpillar (CAT) or Deere (DE): Which Is the Better Stock? Unum Group (UNM) Strengthens Portfolio with New Coverage Union Pacific (UNP) Q4 Earnings: What Awaits the Stock? Sterling skids on Brexit anxiety; investors hope for Trump clarity Trump threatens BMW with border tax on cars built in Mexico Samsung Electronics probe finds battery was main cause of Note 7 fires: source 1 Company Pioneering the AI Revolution Simple Ways to Maximize Your Social Security Benefits Detroit Auto Show: Will Volkswagen Build This Electric Microbus? These 8 Men Have As Much Money As Half The World Trump Threatens BMW With Border Tax On Cars Built In Mexico Democrats Lead Nationwide Day Of Rallies In Defense Of Obamacare Home About Us Disclaimer and Terms of Use Privacy Policy Contact Us Advertise AOL-HuffPost Money & Finance ©2017 24/7 Wall St. | Powered by WordPress.com VIP
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy   Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Merck & Company Inc. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Merck & Company Inc. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Progenics Pharmaceuticals Inc. to Post FY2016 Earnings of $0.03 Per Share, Jefferies Group Forecasts (PGNX) Wolseley plc (WOS) Receives GBX 4,450.95 Average Target Price from Analysts Analysts Set Acuity Brands Inc (AYI) PT at $265.25 InfuSystem Holdings Inc (INFU) Short Interest Up 10.4% in December AppDynamics Prices IPO at $10.00-$12.00 Per Share (APPD) Magna International Inc. Forecasted to Earn FY2016 Earnings of $6.97 Per Share (MG) FY2016 EPS Estimates for Southwestern Energy Company Reduced by Analyst (SWN) SEIKO EPSON CORP ADR EACH REP 0.5 (SEKEY) Given Average Rating of “Hold” by Analysts London and ST. Lawrence Investment Co. (LSLI) Declares Dividend of GBX 3.60 Lipocine Inc. (LPCN) Given $18.80 Average Target Price by Analysts Nobilis Health Corp (HLTH) Short Interest Update Pandora Media, Inc. (P) Sees Unusually-High Trading Volume Following Analyst Upgrade Investors Sell Monsanto Company (MON) on Strength Following Insider Selling T2 Biosystems, Inc. (TTOO) to Post FY2016 Earnings of ($2.01) Per Share, Cantor Fitzgerald Forecasts Cimarex Energy Co (XEC) to Post FY2016 Earnings of $0.70 Per Share, KeyCorp Forecasts Acuity Brands Inc (ayi) to Issue Quarterly Dividend of $0.13 on February 1st McDonald’s Corporation (MCD) Shares Bought by Tradition Capital Management LLC Regions Financial Corporation (RF) Position Held by King Luther Capital Management Corp Laurion Capital Management LP Invests $296,000 in D.R. Horton, Inc. (DHI) Northrop Grumman Corporation (NOC) Stake Held by Compagnie Lombard Odier SCmA Merck & Company, Inc. (MRK) Position Boosted by Adirondack Trust Co. January 11th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Jeff Wilder Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet Adirondack Trust Co. increased its stake in shares of Merck & Company, Inc. (NYSE:MRK) by 2.2% during the third quarter, according to its most recent 13F filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC). The fund owned 10,951 shares of the company’s stock after buying an additional 240 shares during the period. Adirondack Trust Co.’s holdings in Merck & Company were worth $684,000 at the end of the most recent reporting period. Several other institutional investors also recently modified their holdings of the stock. Vanguard Group Inc. raised its position in shares of Merck & Company by 1.9% in the second quarter. Vanguard Group Inc. now owns 174,819,694 shares of the company’s stock valued at $10,071,362,000 after buying an additional 3,242,254 shares during the last quarter. BlackRock Institutional Trust Company N.A. raised its position in shares of Merck & Company by 0.7% in the second quarter. BlackRock Institutional Trust Company N.A. now owns 74,363,785 shares of the company’s stock valued at $4,284,098,000 after buying an additional 535,407 shares during the last quarter. BlackRock Fund Advisors raised its position in shares of Merck & Company by 4.0% in the second quarter. BlackRock Fund Advisors now owns 44,732,600 shares of the company’s stock valued at $2,577,045,000 after buying an additional 1,701,520 shares during the last quarter. Massachusetts Financial Services Co. MA raised its position in shares of Merck & Company by 6.2% in the second quarter. Massachusetts Financial Services Co. MA now owns 26,224,184 shares of the company’s stock valued at $1,510,776,000 after buying an additional 1,531,565 shares during the last quarter. Finally, Ameriprise Financial Inc. raised its position in shares of Merck & Company by 24.1% in the second quarter. Ameriprise Financial Inc. now owns 22,992,642 shares of the company’s stock valued at $1,324,996,000 after buying an additional 4,468,488 shares during the last quarter. 72.43% of the stock is currently owned by institutional investors. Shares of Merck & Company, Inc. (NYSE:MRK) traded up 2.85% on Wednesday, hitting $61.63. 32,711,722 shares of the stock were exchanged. The company has a 50 day moving average of $60.71 and a 200 day moving average of $61.12. Merck & Company, Inc. has a 52-week low of $47.97 and a 52-week high of $65.46. The company has a market cap of $169.92 billion, a price-to-earnings ratio of 31.48 and a beta of 0.77. Merck & Company (NYSE:MRK) last announced its quarterly earnings results on Tuesday, October 25th. The company reported $1.07 earnings per share for the quarter, beating the Thomson Reuters’ consensus estimate of $0.99 by $0.08. Merck & Company had a return on equity of 24.25% and a net margin of 13.76%. The firm had revenue of $10.50 billion for the quarter, compared to analysts’ expectations of $10.17 billion. During the same period in the prior year, the business posted $0.96 earnings per share. The company’s revenue was up 4.6% on a year-over-year basis. Equities research analysts forecast that Merck & Company, Inc. will post $3.79 earnings per share for the current year. The business also recently declared a quarterly dividend, which was paid on Monday, January 9th. Stockholders of record on Thursday, December 15th were given a dividend of $0.47 per share. The ex-dividend date was Tuesday, December 13th. This is a boost from Merck & Company’s previous quarterly dividend of $0.46. This represents a $1.88 annualized dividend and a dividend yield of 3.05%. Merck & Company’s dividend payout ratio is currently 95.92%. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION NOTICE: “Merck & Company, Inc. (MRK) Position Boosted by Adirondack Trust Co.” was first published by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are reading this story on another website, it was stolen and reposted in violation of United States and international copyright legislation. The correct version of this story can be read at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/01/11/merck-company-inc-mrk-position-boosted-by-adirondack-trust-co.html. MRK has been the topic of several research analyst reports. Zacks Investment Research raised shares of Merck & Company from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating and set a $70.00 price objective on the stock in a research report on Friday, October 14th. Morgan Stanley set a $60.00 price objective on shares of Merck & Company and gave the company a “hold” rating in a research report on Tuesday, September 13th. Vetr lowered shares of Merck & Company from a “sell” rating to a “strong sell” rating and set a $52.27 price target on the stock. in a research report on Tuesday, December 27th. Barclays PLC reaffirmed an “overweight” rating on shares of Merck & Company in a research report on Wednesday, October 12th. Finally, Leerink Swann reaffirmed a “market perform” rating and set a $65.00 price target on shares of Merck & Company in a research report on Wednesday, October 12th. Two research analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, ten have issued a hold rating and nine have given a buy rating to the company. The stock presently has a consensus rating of “Hold” and an average target price of $64.59. In related news, EVP Julie L. Gerberding sold 85,523 shares of the company’s stock in a transaction that occurred on Monday, November 7th. The shares were sold at an average price of $60.02, for a total value of $5,133,090.46. Following the transaction, the executive vice president now directly owns 77,762 shares in the company, valued at $4,667,275.24. The transaction was disclosed in a document filed with the SEC, which can be accessed through the SEC website. Also, Director Rochelle B. Lazarus sold 20,000 shares of the company’s stock in a transaction that occurred on Wednesday, November 2nd. The stock was sold at an average price of $59.06, for a total transaction of $1,181,200.00. Following the completion of the transaction, the director now owns 9,594 shares in the company, valued at $566,621.64. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Insiders own 0.05% of the company’s stock. About Merck & Company Merck & Co, Inc is a global healthcare company. The Company offers health solutions through its prescription medicines, vaccines, biologic therapies and animal health products, which it markets directly and through its joint ventures. It operates through one segment, Pharmaceutical. The Company’s Pharmaceutical segment includes human health pharmaceutical and vaccine products marketed either directly by the Company or through joint ventures. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding MRK? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Merck & Company, Inc. (NYSE:MRK). Receive News & Ratings for Merck & Company Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Merck & Company Inc. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Wet Foot, Dry Foot Policy Ends for Cubans Confirmation Hearing of Senator Sessions Has Controversial Moments Golden Globe Award Winner Meryl Streep Blasts President-Elect Donald Trump to Receive Election Hacking Classified Report House GOP Members Back Down on Congressional Ethics Changes © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Skip to Content Search: All AllConsumerProfessionalPill IDInteractionsNewsFDA AlertsApprovalsPipelineClinical TrialsCare NotesEncyclopediaDictionaryNatural Products Browse all medications: a b c d e f g h i j k l m n o p q r s t u v w x y z Advanced Search Topics & Tools Facebook Twitter Google Plus Sign In Sign In Register Menu Close Account Sign In Register Now Drugs A-Z A-Z Drug Index Drugs by Condition Drugs by Class Generic Drugs OTC Drugs International Drugs Natural Products Veterinary Products Info en Español Drug Side Effects Dosage Guides Pregnancy Warnings Breastfeeding Warnings Pricing & Coupons Inactive Ingredients Advanced Search Phonetic Search Pill Identifier Interactions Checker News Q & A Pro Edition Apps More Videos Slideshows Mobile Apps Pricing & Coupon Guide Facebook Twitter Google Plus YouTube Home › News › Clinical Trials › Incyte and... Print Share All News Consumer Pharma New Drugs Pipeline Clinical Trials FDA Alerts Incyte and Merck to Advance Clinical Development Program Investigating the Combination of Epacadostat with Keytruda (pembrolizumab) Tweet WILMINGTON, D.E. & KENILWORTH, N.J. January 9, 2017 – Incyte Corporation (Nasdaq:INCY) and Merck (NYSE:MRK), known as MSD outside the United States and Canada, today announced the decision to advance the clinical development program investigating the combination of epacadostat, Incyte’s investigational oral selective IDO1 inhibitor, with Keytruda (pembrolizumab), Merck’s anti-PD-1 therapy. With the expansion of the clinical development program, the companies plan to initiate pivotal studies of epacadostat in combination with Keytruda in four additional tumors: non-small cell lung cancer, renal cell carcinoma, bladder cancer and squamous cell carcinoma of the head and neck. Presentations of data from the ongoing studies of epacadostat in combination with Keytruda, which support this decision, are expected at upcoming medical meetings. “We are very pleased to announce the decision with Merck to initiate additional Phase 3 studies that will further evaluate the clinical utility of epacadostat in combination with Keytruda,” said Steven Stein, M.D., Incyte’s Chief Medical Officer. “Data from across the ECHO development program for epacadostat continues to be accrued, including from the ECHO-202 Phase 2 cohorts in combination with Keytruda which support the decision to move forward into pivotal studies beyond melanoma. We look forward to initiation of these new Phase 3 trials as we seek to help improve clinical outcomes for patients with these cancers.” “The expansion of our clinical trial program with Incyte is an important component of our comprehensive approach to investigating the potential for KEYTRUDA in combination with promising compounds, such as epacadostat, to help make a difference in the lives of people with these cancers,” said Dr. Roy Baynes, senior vice president, head of clinical development, and Chief Medical Officer, Merck Research Laboratories. About ECHO The ECHO clinical trial program was established to investigate the efficacy and safety of epacadostat as a core component of combination therapy in oncology. Ongoing Phase 1 and Phase 2 studies evaluating epacadostat in combination with PD-1 and PD-L1 inhibitors collectively plan to enroll over 900 patients in a broad range of solid tumor types as well as hematological malignancies. ECHO-301 (NCT02752074), a Phase 3 randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled study investigating pembrolizumab in combination with epacadostat or placebo for the first-line treatment of patients with advanced or metastatic melanoma, is also underway. ECHO-301 was initiated in June 2016 and initial data from this study are expected to be available in 2018. About Epacadostat (INCB024360) Indoleamine 2,3-dioxygenase 1 (IDO1) is a key immunosuppressive enzyme that modulates the anti-tumor immune response by promoting regulatory T cell generation and blocking effector T cell activation, thereby facilitating tumor growth by allowing cancer cells to avoid immune surveillance. Epacadostat is a first-in-class, highly potent and selective oral inhibitor of the IDO1 enzyme that reverses tumor-associated immune suppression and restores effective anti-tumor immune responses. In single-arm studies, the combination of epacadostat and immune checkpoint inhibitors has shown proof-of-concept in patients with unresectable or metastatic melanoma. In these studies, epacadostat combined with the CTLA-4 inhibitor ipilimumab or the PD-1 inhibitor pembrolizumab improved response rates compared with studies of the immune checkpoint inhibitors alone. About Incyte Incyte Corporation is a Wilmington, Delaware-based biopharmaceutical company focused on the discovery, development and commercialization of proprietary therapeutics. For additional information on Incyte, please visit the Company’s website at www.incyte.com. Merck’s Focus on Cancer Our goal is to translate breakthrough science into innovative oncology medicines to help people with cancer worldwide. At Merck, helping people fight cancer is our passion and supporting accessibility to our cancer medicines is our commitment. Our focus is on pursuing research in immuno-oncology and we are accelerating every step in the journey – from lab to clinic – to potentially bring new hope to people with cancer. As part of our focus on cancer, Merck is committed to exploring the potential of immuno-oncology with one of the fastest-growing development programs in the industry. We are currently executing an expansive research program that includes more than 400 clinical trials evaluating our anti-PD-1 therapy across more than 30 tumor types. We also continue to strengthen our immuno-oncology portfolio through strategic acquisitions and are prioritizing the development of several promising immunotherapeutic candidates with the potential to improve the treatment of advanced cancers. About Merck For more than 125 years, Merck has been a global health care leader working to help the world be well. Merck is known as MSD outside the United States and Canada. Through our prescription medicines, vaccines, biologic therapies, and animal health products, we work with customers and operate in more than 140 countries to deliver innovative health solutions. We also demonstrate our commitment to increasing access to health care through far-reaching policies, programs and partnerships. For more information, visit www.merck.com and connect with us on Twitter, Facebook, YouTube and LinkedIn. Forward-Looking Statement of Incyte Corporation Except for the historical information set forth herein, the matters set forth in this press release contain predictions, estimates and other forward-looking statements, including without limitation statements regarding: whether and when the planned pivotal trials investigating epacadostat with KEYTRUDA in any of non-small cell lung, renal, bladder or head and neck cancers will commence; whether any of these studies will lead to any products that will be approved for use in humans anywhere; whether these planned collaborations will help improve clinical outcomes for patients; whether and when any data from the ECHO program will be available. These forward-looking statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results to differ materially, including unanticipated developments in and risks related to: the efficacy or safety of the Incyte’s development pipeline; the results of further research and development; the high degree of risk and uncertainty associated with drug development, clinical trials and regulatory approval processes, other market or economic factors and competitive and technological advances; the possibility that results of clinical trials may be unsuccessful or insufficient to meet applicable regulatory standards or warrant continued development; our ability to compete against parties with greater financial or other resources; greater than expected expenses; and such other risks detailed from time to time in Incyte’s reports filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission, including our Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2016. Incyte disclaims any intent or obligation to update these forward-looking statements. Forward-Looking Statement of Merck & Co., Inc., Kenilworth, N.J., USA This news release of Merck & Co., Inc., Kenilworth, N.J., USA (the “company”) includes “forward-looking statements” within the meaning of the safe harbor provisions of the U.S. Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These statements are based upon the current beliefs and expectations of the company’s management and are subject to significant risks and uncertainties. There can be no guarantees with respect to pipeline products that the products will receive the necessary regulatory approvals or that they will prove to be commercially successful. If underlying assumptions prove inaccurate or risks or uncertainties materialize, actual results may differ materially from those set forth in the forward-looking statements. Risks and uncertainties include but are not limited to, general industry conditions and competition; general economic factors, including interest rate and currency exchange rate fluctuations; the impact of pharmaceutical industry regulation and health care legislation in the United States and internationally; global trends toward health care cost containment; technological advances, new products and patents attained by competitors; challenges inherent in new product development, including obtaining regulatory approval; the company’s ability to accurately predict future market conditions; manufacturing difficulties or delays; financial instability of international economies and sovereign risk; dependence on the effectiveness of the company’s patents and other protections for innovative products; and the exposure to litigation, including patent litigation, and/or regulatory actions. The company undertakes no obligation to publicly update any forward-looking statement, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. Additional factors that could cause results to differ materially from those described in the forward-looking statements can be found in the company’s 2015 Annual Report on Form 10-K and the company’s other filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) available at the SEC’s Internet site (www.sec.gov). Source: Merck Posted: January 2017 View comments More News Resources FDA Medwatch Drug Alerts FDA Drug Safety Labeling Changes Daily MedNews Pharma Industry News New Drug Approvals New Drug Applications Clinical Trial Results Generic Drug Approvals Monthly Update Archive Recently Approved Arymo ER Arymo ER (morphine sulfate) is an extended-release, abuse-deterrent, opioid analgesic formulation... Spinraza Spinraza (nusinersen) is a survival motor neuron-2 (SMN2)-directed antisense oligonucleotide... Rubraca Rubraca (rucaparib) is a poly (ADP-ribose) polymerase (PARP) inhibitor indicated for the treatment... Eucrisa Eucrisa (crisaborole) is a novel, non-steroidal topical anti-inflammatory phosphodiesterase-4... More... Available RSS Feeds Select any link below to view the RSS feed. Daily MedNews Pharma Industry News FDA MedWatch Drug Alerts New Drug Approvals New Drug Applications Clinical Trials News Labeling Changes Was this page helpful? Yes No Drugs.com Mobile Apps The easiest way to lookup drug information, identify pills, check interactions and set up your own personal medication records. Available for Android and iOS devices. Explore Apps Support Help Center Frequent Questions Sitemap Contact Us About About Drugs.com Advertising Policy Content Submissions Drugs.com Blog Terms & Privacy Editorial Policy Privacy Policy Terms of Use Attribution & Citations Connect Facebook Twitter Google Plus YouTube RSS Feed Subscribe to receive email notifications whenever new articles are published. Drugs.com provides accurate and independent information on more than 24,000 prescription drugs, over-the-counter medicines and natural products. This material is provided for educational purposes only and is not intended for medical advice, diagnosis or treatment. Data sources include Micromedex® (updated Jan 4th, 2017), Cerner Multum™ (updated Jan 10th, 2017), Wolters Kluwer™ (updated Jan 6th, 2017) and others. To view content sources and attributions, please refer to our editorial policy. Third Party Advertising We comply with the HONcode standard for trustworthy health information - verify here Copyright © 2000-2017 Drugs.com. All rights reserved. Like Tweet +1 Email Hide
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy   Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Merck & Company Inc. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Merck & Company Inc. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Canada Pension Plan Investment Board Cuts Stake in Southwestern Energy Company (SWN) Qiagen N.V. (QGEN) Stake Maintained by Canada Pension Plan Investment Board Sharkey Howes & Javer Has $125,000 Stake in Pepsico, Inc. (PEP) Rockefeller Financial Services Inc. Maintains Position in Rigel Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (RIGL) Orinda Asset Management LLC Takes Position in Facebook, Inc. (FB) Rockefeller Financial Services Inc. Maintains Position in Salesforce.com Inc (CRM) The Travelers Companies, Inc. (TRV) Stake Maintained by Rockefeller Financial Services Inc. Rockefeller Financial Services Inc. Has $134,000 Position in Johnson Controls International PLC (JCI) Aperio Group LLC Boosts Stake in National CineMedia, Inc. (NCMI) Oramed Pharmaceuticals Inc. (ORMP) Shares Bought by PNC Financial Services Group Inc. Stonegate Bank (SGBK) Position Increased by PNC Financial Services Group Inc. HD Supply Holdings, Inc. (HDS) Shares Sold by PNC Financial Services Group Inc. PNC Financial Services Group Inc. Acquires 126 Shares of Signature Bank (SBNY) US Bancorp DE Has $175,000 Stake in Avangrid, Inc. (AGR) Fortinet, Inc. (FTNT) Stake Maintained by DekaBank Deutsche Girozentrale PAREXEL International Corporation (PRXL) Position Lowered by Advisor Group Inc. Advisor Group Inc. Raises Position in Callon Petroleum Company (CPE) US Bancorp DE Purchases 444 Shares of Terex Corporation (TEX) California Public Employees Retirement System Has $192,000 Position in Perceptron, Inc. (PRCP) California Public Employees Retirement System Holds Stake in IEC Electronics (IEC) Merck & Company, Inc. (MRK) Stake Boosted by Mizuho Securities USA Inc. January 11th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Latisha Jones Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet Mizuho Securities USA Inc. boosted its position in Merck & Company, Inc. (NYSE:MRK) by 414.9% during the third quarter, Holdings Channel reports. The firm owned 30,814 shares of the company’s stock after buying an additional 24,829 shares during the period. Mizuho Securities USA Inc.’s holdings in Merck & Company were worth $1,923,000 at the end of the most recent reporting period. Other hedge funds have also recently made changes to their positions in the company. Boston Advisors LLC boosted its position in Merck & Company by 512.1% in the second quarter. Boston Advisors LLC now owns 374,199 shares of the company’s stock worth $21,558,000 after buying an additional 313,068 shares in the last quarter. GW&K Investment Management LLC boosted its position in Merck & Company by 6.6% in the third quarter. GW&K Investment Management LLC now owns 369,150 shares of the company’s stock worth $23,039,000 after buying an additional 22,736 shares in the last quarter. Seminole Management Co. Inc. bought a new position in Merck & Company during the second quarter worth $19,783,000. Badgley Phelps & Bell Inc. boosted its position in Merck & Company by 14.4% in the second quarter. Badgley Phelps & Bell Inc. now owns 5,225 shares of the company’s stock worth $301,000 after buying an additional 657 shares in the last quarter. Finally, Headinvest LLC boosted its position in Merck & Company by 0.8% in the second quarter. Headinvest LLC now owns 26,245 shares of the company’s stock worth $1,512,000 after buying an additional 200 shares in the last quarter. 72.43% of the stock is currently owned by hedge funds and other institutional investors. Shares of Merck & Company, Inc. (NYSE:MRK) traded up 2.85% during midday trading on Wednesday, hitting $61.63. 32,686,402 shares of the company’s stock traded hands. The company has a 50 day moving average of $60.71 and a 200 day moving average of $61.12. The stock has a market cap of $169.92 billion, a P/E ratio of 31.48 and a beta of 0.77. Merck & Company, Inc. has a 52 week low of $47.97 and a 52 week high of $65.46. Merck & Company (NYSE:MRK) last posted its quarterly earnings results on Tuesday, October 25th. The company reported $1.07 earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, beating the Thomson Reuters’ consensus estimate of $0.99 by $0.08. The business had revenue of $10.50 billion for the quarter, compared to analyst estimates of $10.17 billion. Merck & Company had a return on equity of 24.25% and a net margin of 13.76%. The business’s revenue was up 4.6% compared to the same quarter last year. During the same period in the prior year, the company posted $0.96 EPS. On average, equities analysts forecast that Merck & Company, Inc. will post $3.79 EPS for the current fiscal year. The company also recently declared a quarterly dividend, which was paid on Monday, January 9th. Investors of record on Thursday, December 15th were given a dividend of $0.47 per share. This is a positive change from Merck & Company’s previous quarterly dividend of $0.46. This represents a $1.88 annualized dividend and a dividend yield of 3.05%. The ex-dividend date of this dividend was Tuesday, December 13th. Merck & Company’s dividend payout ratio is currently 95.92%. ILLEGAL ACTIVITY NOTICE: “Merck & Company, Inc. (MRK) Stake Boosted by Mizuho Securities USA Inc.” was reported by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are viewing this piece on another website, it was copied illegally and reposted in violation of US and international copyright and trademark laws. The original version of this piece can be accessed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/01/11/merck-company-inc-mrk-stake-boosted-by-mizuho-securities-usa-inc.html. MRK has been the subject of a number of recent research reports. J P Morgan Chase & Co reiterated a “buy” rating on shares of Merck & Company in a research report on Wednesday. Vetr raised shares of Merck & Company from a “strong sell” rating to a “sell” rating and set a $52.95 target price for the company in a research note on Monday, January 2nd. Jefferies Group lowered shares of Merck & Company from a “hold” rating to an “underperform” rating and set a $48.00 target price for the company. in a research note on Monday, December 19th. Finally, Zacks Investment Research lowered shares of Merck & Company from a “buy” rating to a “hold” rating in a research note on Wednesday, December 7th. Two equities research analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, ten have issued a hold rating and nine have issued a buy rating to the stock. The company currently has a consensus rating of “Hold” and a consensus target price of $64.59. In other Merck & Company news, Director Rochelle B. Lazarus sold 20,000 shares of the stock in a transaction on Wednesday, November 2nd. The stock was sold at an average price of $59.06, for a total value of $1,181,200.00. Following the sale, the director now directly owns 9,594 shares of the company’s stock, valued at $566,621.64. The sale was disclosed in a filing with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which is available through this link. Also, EVP Julie L. Gerberding sold 85,523 shares of the stock in a transaction on Monday, November 7th. The stock was sold at an average price of $60.02, for a total value of $5,133,090.46. Following the completion of the sale, the executive vice president now directly owns 77,762 shares in the company, valued at $4,667,275.24. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Corporate insiders own 0.05% of the company’s stock. About Merck & Company Merck & Co, Inc is a global healthcare company. The Company offers health solutions through its prescription medicines, vaccines, biologic therapies and animal health products, which it markets directly and through its joint ventures. It operates through one segment, Pharmaceutical. The Company’s Pharmaceutical segment includes human health pharmaceutical and vaccine products marketed either directly by the Company or through joint ventures. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding MRK? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Merck & Company, Inc. (NYSE:MRK). Receive News & Ratings for Merck & Company Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Merck & Company Inc. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Wet Foot, Dry Foot Policy Ends for Cubans Confirmation Hearing of Senator Sessions Has Controversial Moments Golden Globe Award Winner Meryl Streep Blasts President-Elect Donald Trump to Receive Election Hacking Classified Report House GOP Members Back Down on Congressional Ethics Changes © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
  Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Wires Home My Profile Logout Login Feedback DailyMail NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad Merck and United jump while Signet and SuperValu fall By Associated Press Published: 16:54 EST, 11 January 2017 | Updated: 16:54 EST, 11 January 2017 e-mail NEW YORK (AP) — Stocks that moved substantially or traded heavily on Wednesday: Merck & Co., up $1.71 to $61.63 The company said that regulators will perform a fast review of an application that could boost sales of its cancer drug Keytruda. United Continental Holdings Inc., up $1.38 to $75.04 The airline reported strong performance in December. BorgWarner Inc., down 65 cents to $40.12 The auto parts supplier projected a weak annual profit and a surprise decline in sales. Intuitive Surgical Inc., up $15.96 to $678.16 The robotic surgical system maker forecast solid revenue in the fourth quarter thanks to strong sales of instruments and accessories. Stryker Corp., up $1.76 to $123.66 The medical device maker forecast better fourth-quarter sales than analysts expected. Signet Jewelers Ltd., down $2.76 to $84.70 The company cut its profit estimates after sales fell over the holidays, partly because of problems for its e-commerce business. SuperValu Inc., down 36 cents to $4.43 The grocery store operator announced a weak third-quarter profit, partly because of falling food prices. Public Storage, down $5.54 to $219.76 Real estate investment trusts traded lower than the broader market on Wednesday. Share or comment on this article e-mail Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article. Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail     DON'T MISS 'It's a huge shock': Binky Felstead reveals she is expecting her first baby with on/off co-star Josh Patterson... but they're 'still not officially together' PICTURE EXCLUSIVE Kourtney Kardashian, 37, wears a sheer bra for late-night rendezvous with former flame Justin Bieber, 22 'I was on the verge of a breakdown' : Olly Murs' mother reveals her heartache that son Ben has disowned the family over X Factor row Katy Perry debuts dramatic blonde dye-job as she surprise Orlando Bloom with a secret 40th birthday bash in Palm Springs Scarlet siren! Myleene Klass flaunts her enviably toned figure in skimpy red bikini as she goes body-boarding during exotic family getaway in Sri Lanka 'He's so proud of her': Danniella Westbrook set to appear on Loose Women with son Kai as she continues comeback following cocaine relapse Lewis Hamilton turns heads in bright yellow hoodie while arriving at LAX... as 'Valtteri Bottas' switch from Williams to Mercedes is set to be clarified' Paris Hilton flaunts her slender waist and endless legs in gold-embroidered LBD as she attends Milan Men's Fashion Week  'Show us the chopper!': Chloe Ferry demands Jamie O'Hara flashes his manhood... as Kim Woodburn and James Cosmo blast her 'gross' behaviour 'I'm gutted with myself!': CBB's James Jordan apologises to Jamie O'Hara after 'mugging him off' by calling him a 'washed-up footballer' Blac Chyna only has eyes for Rob Kardashian as the couple pack on the PDA for a flight to NYC The pair looked besotted at JFK airport Sunday 'We didn't go out of our way to keep it secret': Katherine Kelly reveals she has given birth to a second child called Rose after keeping pregnancy under wraps Baby and me! Olivia Wilde snuggles her newborn protectively as she enjoys a brisk walk in frosty Brooklyn Daisy in tow for the Sunday stroll Elizabeth Hurley, 51, looks incredibly youthful in blue midi dress with cross-shoulder detail as she attends Milan Men's Fashion Week Have Ellen DeGeneres and wife Portia de Rossi found an Australian home? Talk show host and actress request an inspection of $5.8 million Victoria mansion  'I can't work out whether it's amazing, genius or the worst episode I've seen!': Sherlock fans go wild over 'gory' series finale  New John le Carre spy drama for TV: BBC to follow up success of The Night Manager with adaptation of The Spy Who Came In From The Cold  'I have literally nothing to hide': Fitspo star Kayla Itsines opens up about the benefits of her drink and drug-free lifestyle as she poses for stunning shoot in Vogue Australia Josie Gibson winces as she suffers a nasty fall during training for The Jump in Austria... as Eddie 'The Eagle' Edwards is 'AXED from disaster-prone show for voicing safety concerns 'I still have a hangover!' Rebecca Judd complains about her 'rough day' after partying at the Portsea Polo as she laments about returning to work  'You're a fat slob!': CBB's Kim Woodburn and James Jordan become embroiled in a furious row with the cleaner claiming 'no one can stomach him'  Married at last? Sonia Kruger, 51 sparks speculation she has wed long-term partner Craig McPherson after stepping out while sporting a ring on THAT finger Wet 'n' wild! Alessandra Ambrosio displays her flawless physique in very tiny black bikini as she enjoys a dip in the sea in Brazil PICTURE EXCLUSIVE Kristin Cavallari relaxes in a bikini as she hires a yacht to celebrate Jay Cutler's 30th With their three young children Getting pizza all over her frock, 'shooing away' a cocktail waitress and interrupting interviews: Nicole Kidman's 'bizarre behaviour' at the Golden Globes revealed One piece wonder! Kelly Bensimon, 49, flaunts her figure in sexy black one piece with hip side cutouts Proved you don't need a bikini to look sexy Tamara Ecclestone shares cute pictures of her daughter Sophia, 2, showing off her skiing skills before enjoying a pony ride in Gstaad Enjoying Switzerland Making a stellar appearance! Nicole Richie snuggles up in star-spangled unicorn onesie at pyjama party Held hands with rocker husband, Joel Madden Dressed down Kylie Jenner giggles as she enjoys a night out at a burger joint with boyfriend Tyga She's notan expensive date. A royal faux pas? The Crown's Matt Smith spotted smoking 'suspicious looking cigarette' outside a London pub while on a night out with pals  Moving Swift-ly on? Giggling Tom Hiddleston is spotted bidding farewell to a mystery brunette during evening stroll back in London 'Mariah's filled with regret over James': Carey has 'reached out' to ex-fiance Packer to help her brand recover after New Year's Eve lip-syncing saga Church time! Gwen Stefani is a model mum in plaid as she attends worship services with her three sons Headed to church in Los Angeles on Sunday 'She's finally happy again': Cassandra Thorburn is willing to forgive ex-husband Karl Stefanovic and move on following their high profile split Hidden Figures counts up $20.5 million as it holds on to top spot at the box office for a second weekend About mathematicians who helped NASA put John Glenn into space  The reality of Instagram! Pia Muehlenbeck's hilarious before and after shots reveal what REALLY happens when models try to take the perfect beach shot 'Pajama jammy jam!' Kourtney Kardashian cuddles up to Kim's bestie Chrissy Teigen at Cash Warren's star-studded PJ party 'I will be ok!' Priyanka Chopra updates fans after dangerous fall on Quantico set left her with concussion Left hospitalised after a nasty fall  'I left the hospital looking 5 months pregnant': Peta Murgatroyd says 'real life' means female bodies don't just shrink back into shape Former TOWIE star Abi Clarke flaunts her eye-popping assets as she goes braless in extreme plunging playsuit and thigh-highs on night out She's got a lot of cheek! Bikini clad Holly Hagan flaunts her perky derriere in sizzling belfies during romantic breakaway to Thailand 'She's like my wife!' Amanda Peet describes relationship with BFF Sarah Paulson as 'intense and visceral' after THAT Golden Globes red carpet kiss 'I don't want to be at the centre of attention': Amanda Seyfried opens up about her upcoming wedding to Thomas Sadoski as she stuns in Prada on the cover of Vogue Australia Shedding for the wedding? Bonnie Sveen reveals her dramatic slim-down amid rumours her boyfriend Nathan Gooley is ready to pop the question Ariana Grande showcases her slender pins in sexy Instagram to promote her Dangerous Woman Tour Sultry shot of herself donning a black unitard 'Fastest retirement in history': Steven Jacobs returns to Today's weather segment less than two months after departing to live in Vanuatu 'Back in action': Yolanda Hadid shares behind the scenes shot as she joins daughter Gigi on Tommy Hilfiger shoot 'Causing trouble with him': Louise Thompson flaunts her toned body in yet ANOTHER workout video with beau Ryan Libbey... as she claims she's gained weight on holiday 'If I don't get a husband after this...': Jessica Wright embodies Christina Aguilera in raunchy leather chaps on new show Dance Dance Dance Is the sun setting on Sam and Kochie? Sunrise co-host David Koch 'wants Armytage replaced with Edwina Bartholomew' as ratings battle with Today Show's Karl and Lisa heats up Always camera ready! Jennifer Lopez turns shopping trip into a modelling shoot as she poses against a wall   Jennifer Lopez doesn't do casual. 'A bit of graft and willpower': Vicky Pattison shows off her incredibly toned figure in a sexy orange bikini at health retreat in Portugal after vowing to lose 10lbs 2DayFM 'under fire' after it's revealed new 'Sydney' breakfast show will be broadcast from Melbourne after Sam Frost and Rove McManus get dumped Amanda Seyfried shows off her bump in a grey sweater on outing with fiancé Thomas Sadoski Confirmed her first pregnancy in November 'No greater blessing than family!' Ciara's boy supports stepdad Russell Wilson's team... while his birth father Future backs the other side She's back! Kim Kardashian is her old self again as she sits astride a buggy and poses with a falcon on Dubai modelling shoot 'They're speaking all the time': Blake Garvey has been a 'shoulder to cry on' for Sam Frost following Bachelorette's split from Sasha Mielczarek Bikini-clad Billie Lourd holds hands with Taylor Lautner on sunshine break after the death of mother Carrie Fisher Mourning her mother and grandmother They played in Chelsea! Frankie Bridge celebrates her 27th birthday with retired footballer husband Wayne  Tina Fey pays tribute to Carrie Fisher as she appears in hologram form on Saturday Night Live Admitted she was 'nervous' about the gig Three generations of Beckham! David returns to Old Trafford with son Cruz and dad Ted as the trio watch Manchester United take on Liverpool 'Of course it's f*****g good to challenge your audience!' Sherlock creator Mark Gatiss slams fans who find the show confusing... and tells them to 'go read a children's book' 'Pound Shop today Harrods tomorrow!' Katie Price wraps up in a cosy designer ensemble during cut-price weekend shopping trip Looking bootyful! Kim Kardashian shows off her shapely rear in a form fitting white dress She's officially back at work, with a whirlwind tour of Dubai. 'Spray tan lyfe!' Ashley Graham strips down to her bikini as she flaunts her freshly tanned figure The plus-size stunner is a positive body image activist Prince George 'WON'T attend the same school as his father as Kate and William opt for smaller, more discreet pre-prep closer to Kensington Palace'  So good it's criminal! Busty Lauren Goodger flaunts her hourglass curves in saucy selfie... after supporting violent rap song penned by jailbird boyfriend's brother Before she shot to fame: Nicola McLean totes rifle as teen army cadet in newly-unveiled snaps... as pal Maria Fowler insists Tom Williams won't leave her over CBB flirting It's Kueen Kim! Kardashian is treated to a dance display as she gets the royal welcome in Dubai Now she knows how Kate Middleton feels EXCLUSIVE! Jessica Cunningham 'pretended she was sick' in order to ditch an online chat show deal at the last minute to enter the Big Brother house PJ-clad Jessica Alba plays beer pong at husband Cash Warren's birthday bash Also included a clip of designer Rachel Zoe engaging in the  sport Louise Thompson shows off her toned and tanned body in ANOTHER sun-soaked bikini snap on  break with boyfriend Ryan Libbey 'You just don't feel sexy!' The Hills star Audrina Patridge dishes on her love life after birth of baby daughter Kirra Thrill seeker! Ariel Winter squeals with delight as she takes her niece to Disneyland on her sixth birthday She was treating her to a day out Very cheeky! Chloe Madeley flashes her round posterior in racy grey swimsuit as she shares saucy belfie Flaunted her toned physique  Bare-faced beauty! Chloe Moretz keeps it casual in ripped sweatshirt and leggings Actress proved she doesn't need make-up or fancy clothes Getting fruity! Mollie King larks around with a pair of oranges in a skimpy bikini showing off her tanned flat stomach on holiday in Jamaica 'She's evil!': Scotty T slams 'thick' Geordie Shore co-star Chloe Ferry... after she left viewers DISGUSTED with her raunchy CBB antics Beefcake in Milan! Paris Hilton cosies up to muscle-bound models at Plein Sport runway show The reality TV icon later DJed the Sesto Sento Club in Lonato Former Corrie actress Katie Redford lands a new role on Archers after being axed from soap for lying about her age Axed two years ago She's got a lot of cheek! Bikini clad Holly Hagan flaunts her perky derriere and ample assets in sizzling selfie during sun soaked trip to Thailand He doesn't do things by halves! Rocco Ritchie can't contain his laughter as he breaks his skateboard in two while out and about in London MIC's Nicola Hughes puts on a leggy display in a chic olive dress as she enjoys a night out on the town Fun for all the family! Vanessa Paradis and new boyfriend Samuel Benchetrit appear downcast as they take Lily Rose Depp for a day of shopping in Paris Some helping hands! Blac Chyna heads to the mall with TWO nannies to help look after son King Cairo and baby Dream 'You're a very handsome man, aren't you?' CBB's Chloe Ferry flirts up a storm with bemused Calum Best... and offers to flash her VAGINA to everyone Christina Milian flaunts her ample cleavage in a saucy ensemble as she parties with BFF Karrueche Tran Thigh-grazing latex mini skirt 'She is smitten': Amber Heard said to be besotted with billionaire Elon Musk... as she prepares for 'new chapter' following Johnny Depp divorce Booty and the beach! Shirtless Gaz Beadle gets VERY tactile with bikini-clad girlfriend Emma McVey as he cheekily gropes her bum during romantic Emirates break The Apprentice's Frances Bishop displays her endless curves and perky posterior in skimpy bikini during sun soaked break to Dubai  Suki Waterhouse flaunts her tanned and toned physique in a skimpy bikini as she jogs along the beach in Mexico Went for a run along the Mayan Riviera Scarlett Moffatt highlights her dramatically slimmed down frame in a plunging floral minidress after making appearance on Sunday Brunch Plaid to see you! Pregnant Natalie Portman covers her large baby bump in a stylish checked jacket as she goes for leisurely park stroll Actress Emily Watson insists middle-aged sexuality is 'ignored' as she takes on new role as a cheating mother in racy BBC thriller  X Factor winner Matt Terry gets a kiss from a male pal as he enjoys a night out... after revealing Freddy Parker is moving out of their bachelor pad Lindsay Lohan cuts a chic figure in a quirky dog print co-ord as she enjoys a night out with a male friend in Milan   She's currently holidaying in one of the world's most stylish cities It's Compl-Ex! Danielle Bux grabs lunch with former husband-turned pal Gary Lineker in LA as they continue their budding friendship... then joins new man Nate Greenwald for dinner Lily James cuts a concerned figure as she talks anxiously on the phone...after boyfriend Matt Smith is spotted 'smoking suspicious cigarette'  Scarlett Moffatt looks slimmer than ever in all black ensemble as she hits the town with mum Betty... after fans urged 'gaunt' star to stop losing weight Shock for Harry's girl: Meghan Markle's BROTHER is arrested and charged with holding a gun to a woman's head 'in row during late night drinking session at his flat' Prince William will give up his career as a helicopter pilot to become a full-time royal as Queen hands over duties Girls' shopping trip! Katie Holmes takes daughter Suri Cruise to children's clothing store in LA Spotted on Saturday enjoying a bit of weekend quality time Mariah Carey sports plunging LBD as she and toyboy Bryan Tanaka step out in London Displayed her figure in a form-fitting dress  Pretty in pink! Lindsay Lohan steps out in sexy silky ensemble in Milan The 30-year-old former wild-child was spotted looking pretty in pink as she left her hotel in Milan PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Victoria Beckham wraps up in winter white polo neck as she enjoys girly day shopping with daughter Harper Back from the Maldives Sylvester Stallone's daughters Sophia, 20, and Sistine, 18, sizzles in coordinating black ensembles alongside their mother Jennifer at star-studded Dolce & Gabbana party Hunky dory: Hollywood heartthrobs Chris Hemsworth and Matt Damon catch up over dinner in LA with Chris' wife Elsa Pataky Blac Chyna in the red? Star threatened with lawsuit for $3million in 'unpaid fees' as 'longtime managers' claim she 'cut them out' of lucrative deals Gwen Stefani's ex-husband, Daisy Lowe's father, the singer from Bush, and now the coach contestants don't really want...Gavin Rossdale joins The Voice UK, by Jim Shelley Heard what James said? Pierce Brosnan looks stern during press conference... after chatshow host Corden labels him 'rudest' celebrity Sid Owen celebrates his 45th birthday by partying in London with pals including Jade Jones and Leigh Francis  Progress report! Justin Bieber checks in on protégé Madison Beer over dinner at trendy Catch LA BBC brands its OWN show 's**t' in awkward Twitter blunder as they retweet Let It Shine criticism  Danielle Lloyd snuggles up to fiancé Michael O'Neill on night out... as she admits to being a 'crazy b***h' after online trolls began targeting her when ex Jamie O'Hara entered CBB Why I never let Claudia Winkleman look in the mirror as a child: The Strictly host's mother EVE POLLARD says it's the best thing you can do for your daughters  'The day my world became complete': Stephanie Davis posts first adorable snap of baby boy... 'after revealing she'll name  son after stranger who chatted her up' 'Love on the sand': Photoshop enthusiast Natasha Oakley puts on a loved up display with beau Gilles Souteyrand  as she continues to holiday in the Caribbean Pajama party! Chrissy Teigen and John Legend rock ridiculous chicken themed onesies in hilarious snaps Georgia May Foote cosies up to new boyfriend George Alsford in a series of sunny snaps from romantic holiday Lisa Rinna, 53, sizzles in skintight leather trousers alongside her model daughter Delilah, 18, as they dine in LA 'Starting to see the results and it feels so good!' Jennifer Ellison reveals her slimmer physique after losing more than a stone in ONE month Actress Lily Collins: 'My famous surname made me work harder' Drummer's daughter was top of screen legend Warren Beatty's casting list for latest film 'Sometimes I can't breathe': Danielle Lloyd claims she has panic attacks and is 'too frightened' to leave the house due to trolling since ex Jamie O'Hara  appeared on CBB Bottoms up! Kirsten Dunst flaunts her toned pins and perky derriere in skintight denims as she hides her jaw-dropping engagement ring in LA 'When she's had a few drinks, she's crazy': CBB's Jamie O'Hara slams ex-wife Danielle Lloyd as he claims she's 'absolutely crackers' on a night out Eagle-eyed fans point out embarrassing EastEnders gaffe... as Mick Carter celebrates his 40th birthday on the WRONG date Fierce fashion instincts! Mandy Moore rocks chic animal print gown at Elle's Women in Television honors Pink throws daughter Willow Sage celebratory 'big sister party' as she lovingly cradles newborn son Jameson Moon Victoria Beckham 'takes legal action to block Spice Girls reunion'... as Geri Horner announces she's leaving GEM to focus on her family' 'It's nice to feel you've got support!' One Direction's Louis Tomlinson praises former bandmate Zayn Malik as he wins two nominations at 2017 BRIT Awards Spellbinding! Jessica Biel shows off her shapely legs in cut-out skirt as she attends premiere party for Just Add Magic EXCLUSIVE: ITV stalwarts Phillip Schofield and Holly Willoughby can't contain their laughter as they join glamorous Lorraine Kelly in new promo Kim Kardashian's former bodyguard breaks his silence on Paris robbery and says he's 'not avoiding anything' about the heist or WHY he was sacked 'I trained her like an athlete': Khloe Kardashian's trainer spills the secrets behind the star's enviable body - including countless squats, 'sled pushing' and intense boxing Beach bum! Instagram sensation Pia Muehlenbeck flaunts pert posterior and ample assets oceanside 'I wish R.I.P. meant Return If Possible': Celine Dion unveils powerful new a cappella song in tribute to late husband Rene one year after his death 'It's an uphill struggle': Sienna Miller reveals she hasn't filmed a movie for a year claiming there 'aren't many great roles for women' Run Daniel, run! James Bond star Craig makes a dash for it through the busy streets to make it to the New York Theater in time for his performance in Othello Make-up free Kate Hudson bundles up in all black with red cap as she steps out with Kurt Russell in Beverly Hills 'When you have a rare cappuccino': Ronan Keating's pregnant wife Storm sips on coffee as she heads into her third trimester in a matter of weeks 'Thanks Uncle Snoop!' Miley Cyrus poses by a marijuana bar at weed-themed birthday party for boyfriend Liam Hemsworth Lamar Odom says the first he knew of his near fatal drugs overdose was waking up to find Khloé Kardashian at his side in hospital Sneak peak interview 'Bringin' the 80's back!' Lauren Pope flaunts her pert derriere in sizzling neon swimsuit as she enjoys Dubai holiday with new Geordie Shore beau Aaron Chalmers Pregnant Billie Faiers displays her blossoming baby bump in black bikini after jetting to Dubai for her 27th birthday celebration Brad Pitt looks relaxed as he hangs out with Sting and Chris Cornell at star-studded EB disease benefit in Malibu 'Current mood': Naomi Watts shares flashack photo of herself as a bored schoolgirl in Brides of Christ as she complains about being on set past midnight  'You're in the wrong, just shut up!' Kim Woodburn throws EPIC tantrum after Geordie Shore's Chloe Ferry 'soaks' her by jumping into the CBB hot tub Move over sisters! Kendall Jenner steals the Kardashian spotlight with racy HEADLESS bikini selfie that forces followers to check out her body Orange you glad she came! Shailene Woodley sizzles in vibrant statement coat at star-studded Elle's Women in Television bash 'I heard nothing and saw everything!' Twitter goes wild as Roxanne Pallett's actor ex strips off to reveal his rippling muscles after making it through on Let It Shine Love is in the air! Matthew McConaughey looks casually cool in a stylish camel coat as he and wife Camilla Alves jet over to New York City 'She was her enemy': Elizabeth Taylor 'disliked' Sophia Loren as she feared the siren could steal love Richard Burton away, new book claims 'I'm gutted!': Emma Willis reveals disappointment over Austin Armacost's shock eviction from CBB... as show bosses face backlash for his awkward exit GIRL ABOUT TOWN: Is Sheridan Smith pregnant? The 35-year-old actress is seen regularly rubbing her stomach while singing Selena Gomez and The Weeknd's romance didn't break the friend code with Bella Hadid... because 'they're only acquaintances' GIRL ABOUT TOWN: Harry and Meghan are set to slope off for a romantic break... but poor old William may miss his Alpine adventure with Kate  'Grooming day!': Jenna Dewan Tatum shows off flawless make-up free face during futuristic-like skin session From Hollywood to Bollywood! Ruby Rose reveals she has ambitions to cut it in Asian market Classic colors! Reese Witherspoon and Nicole Kidman shine in black and white ensembles at Elle's Women in Television celebration 'HAPPY Z DAY'! Taylor Swift celebrates Zayn Malik's birthday by teasing their Fifty Shades Darker music video Spot the rock! Kate Mara sports a large ring glinting on her left hand as it emerges that she is engaged to Fantastic Four co-star Jamie Bell Another baby on the way! Jeff Goldblum, 64, is expecting second child with wife Emilie Livingston, 33 Announcement on Instagram 'They're giving things another go': Stevi Ritchie and Chloe-Jasmine Whichello 'are back together'... four months after calling off their engagement 'My babies': Blac Chyna cuddles up to her nine-week-old daughter Dream and four-year-old son King Cairo in sweet Instagram video Getting ready for Washington DC! Caitlyn Jenner grabs a coffee as she prepares for her appearance at Donald Trump's inauguration Well-dressed in coral Seeking comfort from her sister! Bella Hadid visits Gigi in snowy New York after her ex The Weeknd is spotted kissing Selena Gomez Knowles... Run The World! Sisters Beyonce and Solange go head-to-head as they compete for Best International Female Solo Artist 2017 BRIT Award Bit awkward? Little Mix's Perrie Edwards and ex-fiance Zayn Malik will battle it out for best British single at the 2017 BRIT Awards  Nominations announced Transgender singer Anohni bags nomination for Best British Female at 2017 BRIT Awards... eleven years after she was up for Best British Male White hot! Hailey Baldwin shows off her taut tummy wearing white mesh in stunning retro swimsuit shots Sultry in series of solo posts on Instagram Sofia Richie flaunts lace bra and washboard abs in coordinated tracksuit as she attends Moschino Milan fashion show with Paris Hilton Back in a skintight minidress! Kim Kardashian is curvy in a cream number as she continues touring Dubai after $1,600 makeup masterclass She's back! Mandy Moore returns as Rapunzel in new Tangled: Before Ever After trailer Back in the gym! Ashley Graham kicks off 2017 with workout clip as she keeps her generous curves in check after a month-long holiday Nicola McLean reveals she no longer wears her wedding ring after hubby Tom Williams cheated... while Danielle Lloyd continues their feud on Twitter Let's get cracking! James Jordan and Jedward cause chaos as they break into the main house and egg the kitchen on Celebrity Big Brother 'I did advise': Brian Blessed warned George Lucas about Jar Jar Binks when filming Phantom Menace... and insists Alec Guinness did not hate Star Wars Riding high in Dubai! Kim Kardashian goes for dune buggy ride then plays with a falcon during busy UAE trip Ditches mini for a black top and maroon slacks Get the kid a psychologist': Jeremy McConnell appears bleary eyed as he parties with pals in Thailand as ex Stephanie Davis gives birth to a son 'Working on the bumper!' Vogue Williams displays her peachy posterior in skimpy bodysuit as she continues to train for The Jump 'This is begging for a pun!' Fans get smutty as Katie Price shares snap of hairless cat Dobbi perching on her behind during EIGHTH bum lift  Let one take a selfie! Prince Andrew and ex-wife Sarah Ferguson send out VERY unusual royal thank you cards to well-wishers over Christmas  GIRL ABOUT TOWN: So Royals do carry cash - and wear on-trend trainers! Stylish Duke of Kent, 81, withdraws wads of £20 notes near his Kensington Palace home  Here we go again! Pregnant Geri Horner 'quits Spice Girls reunion and leaves the group for the second time to focus on her family'  Priorities changed Brooklyn Beckham's former flame Sonia Ben Ammar looks effortlessly stylish as she walks for Dolce & Gabbana alongside Sofia Richie at Milan Men's Fashion Week EXCLUSIVE: MIC's Lucy Watson shows off toned and tanned figure skimpy pink bikini as she hits the beach in Barbados with hunky boyfriend James Dunmore 'You're right it does look like a penis!' Cheeky chap Tom Hardy laughs about his phallic signature as he signs autographs at LAX 'Things have to change': Reese Witherspoon nearly breaks down in tears as she talks importance of representing women on screen 'We're very, very close friends': Nicole Kidman looks lovely in dusty rose dress as she discusses bond with fellow actress Reese Witherspoon Picture purr-fect! Bella Thorne shows off her perfectly toned flat midriff while posing with her cat in makeup-free Snapchat photo New mum Rebekah Vardy leaves hospital alongside her father after welcoming baby boy with England striker Jamie Vardy Picture of health Mad about plaid! Melissa McCarthy, 46, shows off thinner frame in bright pantsuit as she reacts to Gilmore Girls' shocking conclusion Channing Tatum and wife Jenna Dewan coordinate in baseball hats with jeans while running errands with daughter Everly, three The BBC treated Only Fools and Horses stars as 'poor relations', claims Del Boy David Jason as he reveals why he's returned to our screens at 76 Her favorite role! Cate Blanchett gets back to mom duty during break from Broadway's The Present as she's bundled up with her kids in NYC 'He will always be in our hearts': Celine Dion pays tribute to late husband on first anniversary of his death with video full of flashback photos Dakota Fanning returns to TV for upcoming period thriller The Alienist ...15 years after her last regular series role on the small screen 'Be who you are': Paris Hilton flashes side boob in daring dress while sharing inspiring message after being spotted with mystery man in Mexico Head Start to Home Cooked Get Recipes more SHARE PICTURE Copy link to paste in your message Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Network This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Contributors Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy   Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Merck & Company Inc. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Merck & Company Inc. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Canada Pension Plan Investment Board Cuts Stake in Southwestern Energy Company (SWN) Qiagen N.V. (QGEN) Stake Maintained by Canada Pension Plan Investment Board Sharkey Howes & Javer Has $125,000 Stake in Pepsico, Inc. (PEP) Rockefeller Financial Services Inc. Maintains Position in Rigel Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (RIGL) Orinda Asset Management LLC Takes Position in Facebook, Inc. (FB) Rockefeller Financial Services Inc. Maintains Position in Salesforce.com Inc (CRM) The Travelers Companies, Inc. (TRV) Stake Maintained by Rockefeller Financial Services Inc. Rockefeller Financial Services Inc. Has $134,000 Position in Johnson Controls International PLC (JCI) Aperio Group LLC Boosts Stake in National CineMedia, Inc. (NCMI) Oramed Pharmaceuticals Inc. (ORMP) Shares Bought by PNC Financial Services Group Inc. Stonegate Bank (SGBK) Position Increased by PNC Financial Services Group Inc. HD Supply Holdings, Inc. (HDS) Shares Sold by PNC Financial Services Group Inc. PNC Financial Services Group Inc. Acquires 126 Shares of Signature Bank (SBNY) US Bancorp DE Has $175,000 Stake in Avangrid, Inc. (AGR) Fortinet, Inc. (FTNT) Stake Maintained by DekaBank Deutsche Girozentrale PAREXEL International Corporation (PRXL) Position Lowered by Advisor Group Inc. Advisor Group Inc. Raises Position in Callon Petroleum Company (CPE) US Bancorp DE Purchases 444 Shares of Terex Corporation (TEX) California Public Employees Retirement System Has $192,000 Position in Perceptron, Inc. (PRCP) California Public Employees Retirement System Holds Stake in IEC Electronics (IEC) Merck & Company’s (MRK) Buy Rating Reaffirmed at J P Morgan Chase & Co January 11th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Latisha Jones Filed Under: Analyst Articles - US - Finance Tweet Merck & Company, Inc. (NYSE:MRK)‘s stock had its “buy” rating reiterated by research analysts at J P Morgan Chase & Co in a research report issued to clients and investors on Wednesday. Other analysts have also recently issued reports about the company. Vetr cut Merck & Company from a “hold” rating to a “sell” rating and set a $57.17 price target on the stock. in a research report on Wednesday, December 14th. Zacks Investment Research upgraded Merck & Company from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating and set a $70.00 price target on the stock in a research report on Thursday, November 17th. Leerink Swann reiterated a “market perform” rating and set a $65.00 price target on shares of Merck & Company in a research report on Wednesday, October 12th. Finally, Morgan Stanley set a $60.00 price target on Merck & Company and gave the stock a “hold” rating in a research report on Tuesday, September 13th. Two analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, ten have assigned a hold rating and nine have assigned a buy rating to the company. The company currently has a consensus rating of “Hold” and an average target price of $64.59. Merck & Company (NYSE:MRK) traded up 2.17% during mid-day trading on Wednesday, hitting $61.22. The company had a trading volume of 24,739,885 shares. The firm has a market cap of $168.79 billion, a P/E ratio of 31.27 and a beta of 0.77. Merck & Company has a 52-week low of $47.97 and a 52-week high of $65.46. The stock’s 50 day moving average price is $60.71 and its 200 day moving average price is $61.12. Merck & Company (NYSE:MRK) last announced its quarterly earnings data on Tuesday, October 25th. The company reported $1.07 earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, beating the Thomson Reuters’ consensus estimate of $0.99 by $0.08. Merck & Company had a return on equity of 24.25% and a net margin of 13.76%. The firm had revenue of $10.50 billion for the quarter, compared to analysts’ expectations of $10.17 billion. During the same quarter in the prior year, the firm posted $0.96 earnings per share. Merck & Company’s revenue for the quarter was up 4.6% compared to the same quarter last year. On average, equities research analysts predict that Merck & Company will post $3.79 EPS for the current fiscal year. The company also recently disclosed a quarterly dividend, which was paid on Monday, January 9th. Investors of record on Thursday, December 15th were issued a dividend of $0.47 per share. This represents a $1.88 annualized dividend and a dividend yield of 3.14%. This is a positive change from Merck & Company’s previous quarterly dividend of $0.46. The ex-dividend date was Tuesday, December 13th. Merck & Company’s dividend payout ratio (DPR) is currently 95.92%. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION WARNING: This piece of content was reported by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are viewing this piece of content on another domain, it was copied illegally and republished in violation of international copyright and trademark legislation. The original version of this piece of content can be read at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/01/11/merck-companys-mrk-buy-rating-reaffirmed-at-j-p-morgan-chase-co.html. In related news, Director Rochelle B. Lazarus sold 20,000 shares of the stock in a transaction on Wednesday, November 2nd. The stock was sold at an average price of $59.06, for a total transaction of $1,181,200.00. Following the completion of the sale, the director now directly owns 9,594 shares in the company, valued at $566,621.64. The sale was disclosed in a filing with the SEC, which is available through this hyperlink. Also, EVP Julie L. Gerberding sold 85,523 shares of the stock in a transaction on Monday, November 7th. The stock was sold at an average price of $60.02, for a total value of $5,133,090.46. Following the sale, the executive vice president now owns 77,762 shares of the company’s stock, valued at $4,667,275.24. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Corporate insiders own 0.05% of the company’s stock. Several hedge funds have recently made changes to their positions in MRK. Price T Rowe Associates Inc. MD raised its stake in shares of Merck & Company by 88.7% in the third quarter. Price T Rowe Associates Inc. MD now owns 35,668,056 shares of the company’s stock valued at $2,226,043,000 after buying an additional 16,764,608 shares in the last quarter. The Manufacturers Life Insurance Company acquired a new position in Merck & Company during the third quarter valued at approximately $495,969,000. Ameriprise Financial Inc. increased its position in Merck & Company by 24.1% in the second quarter. Ameriprise Financial Inc. now owns 22,992,642 shares of the company’s stock valued at $1,324,996,000 after buying an additional 4,468,488 shares during the last quarter. Bank of Montreal Can acquired a new position in Merck & Company during the second quarter valued at approximately $250,542,000. Finally, Boston Partners increased its position in Merck & Company by 23.8% in the second quarter. Boston Partners now owns 19,034,299 shares of the company’s stock valued at $1,096,566,000 after buying an additional 3,655,639 shares during the last quarter. Institutional investors and hedge funds own 72.43% of the company’s stock. Merck & Company Company Profile Merck & Co, Inc is a global healthcare company. The Company offers health solutions through its prescription medicines, vaccines, biologic therapies and animal health products, which it markets directly and through its joint ventures. It operates through one segment, Pharmaceutical. The Company’s Pharmaceutical segment includes human health pharmaceutical and vaccine products marketed either directly by the Company or through joint ventures. Receive News & Ratings for Merck & Company Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Merck & Company Inc. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Wet Foot, Dry Foot Policy Ends for Cubans Confirmation Hearing of Senator Sessions Has Controversial Moments Golden Globe Award Winner Meryl Streep Blasts President-Elect Donald Trump to Receive Election Hacking Classified Report House GOP Members Back Down on Congressional Ethics Changes © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Benzinga Benzinga Pro Marketfy Financial Data & APIs Fintech Awards Membership is Free What are you waiting for? Sign up now! Username: Username available! Username taken! Email: Email available! Email taken! Password: Leave blank: OR Free Account Login Click here to access your premium account Username or email: Password: OR Forgot password?' Looking for ? CLICK HERE Contribute Login Sign up Benzinga - Feed Your Mind. Home Best of Benzinga Careers About Contact Us Partners Benzinga Fintech Awards News Earnings Guidance Dividends M&A Buybacks Legal Interviews Management Retail Sales Offerings IPOs Insider Trades Biotech/FDA Markets Pre-Market After Hours Movers Forex Commodities Options Binary Options Bonds Futures Global Economics Previews Reviews Small-Cap Ratings Analyst Color Downgrades Upgrades Initiations Price Target Ideas Long Ideas Short Ideas Technicals From The Press Jim Cramer Rumors ETFs Tech Start-Ups Fintech Personal Finance Premium Products My Watchlist Market Overview Tickers Articles Keywords Search by keyword...googlecse Here's What Merck's Keytruda News Means For Bristol-Myers Shanthi Rexaline , Benzinga Staff Writer   {{following ? "Following" : "Follow"}} January 11, 2017 2:26pm   Comments Share: Shares of Merck & Co., Inc. (NYSE: MRK) are rallying strongly, while Bristol-Myers Squibb Co (NYSE: BMY) is being punished on Wednesday. News Behind The Move The contrasting moves come after Merck announced late Tuesday that the FDA has accepted to review the sBLA for KEYTRUDA, plus chemotherapy, for the first-line treatment of patients with metastatic or advanced non-squamous, non-small cell lung cancer regardless of PD-L1 expression and with no EGFR or ALK genomic tumor aberrations. Keytruda is Merck's anti-PD-1 immunotherapy for treating melanoma, which has spread or cannot be removed by surgery; non-small cell lung cancer, which has spread or has tested positive for PD-L1; and head and neck squamous cell cancer, which has returned or has become non-responsive to chemotherapy. FDA Favorably Disposed Merck clarified that this is the first application for regulatory approval of Keytruda in combination with another treatment. The FDA has granted priority review and the PDUFA date has been set for May 10, 2017. Additionally, the sBLA is to be reviewed under the FDA's accelerated approval program. Merck has presented positive results for Keytruda-chemotherapy combo from a mid-stage trial in October last, However, the markets were anticipating the filing for approval could be done only after data is obtained from a broader Phase III study. Why Is Bristol-Myers Bleeding? Bristol-Myers is developing a lung cancer drug called Opdivo . The immunotherapy turned in disappointing results last year when it was evaluated as a monotherapy. With the latest development, it looks like Merck will edge out its competition in bringing to the market its combo therapy. Other competitors also evaluating combination therapies include Roche Holding Ltd. (ADR) (OTC: RHHBY) and AstraZeneca plc (ADR) (NYSE: AZN). At Time Of Writing AstraZeneca was sliding 2.47 percent to $28.03. Bristol-Myers Squibb was slumping 5.53 percent to $56.67. Merck was adding 1.65 percent to $60.91. Roche was down 1.33 percent at $29.59. Posted-In: anti-PD-1Biotech News Health Care FDA Movers Trading Ideas General Best of Benzinga © 2017 Benzinga.com. Benzinga does not provide investment advice. All rights reserved.   Related Articles (AZN + BMY) The Best BioPharma Plays Amid Uncertainty From Trump Comments Technical Alert: Bristol Meyers Squibb Lower Following Good News For Merck's Keytruda Alphabet, Bristol-Myers And More: Fast Money Picks For January 6 Watch These 7 Huge Call Purchases In Wednesday Trade Watch These 5 Huge Call Purchases In Friday Trade 6 Worst Biotech Stocks Of 2016 View Comments and Join the Discussion! View the discussion thread. Trending Recent 1 JPM, AMZN: The Program For Trading Like A Hedge Fund 2 SPX, SPY: How Animal Spirits Will Affect The Market In 2017 1 KO, NFLX: The Program For Trading Like A Hedge Fund 2 SPX, SPY: How Animal Spirits Will Affect The Market In 2017 3 PODD, TNDM: DexCom Jumps 25% As It Becomes Only Continuous Glucose... 4 AAPL: Apple's AirPod Success: Headphone Users Show... 5 SPY: Lessons To Learn From George Soros' $1 Bil... 6 KKR, OAK: Greek Philosophy, Tough Guys, And Rubbe... 7 NTODY, NTDOY: How Nintendo's Last 4... View upcoming Earnings, Ratings, Dividend and Economic Calendars. Benzinga Benzinga is a fast-growing, dynamic and innovative financial media outlet that empowers investors with high-quality, unique content. Popular Channels Analyst Ratings Be Your Own Boss ETFs Economics Forex Hot News Options Press Releases Start-ups Tech Tools & Features Affiliate Program Premarket Prep Feeds News Widget Real Time Feed Sitemap Submit News Tips About Benzinga About Us Licensing and APIs Apps (iOS and Android) Fintech Awards Blog In the News Careers Contact Us Disclaimer Privacy Policy Syndication Terms and Conditions Benzinga Partners 1 (877) 440-9464 (ZING) © Copyright Benzinga Benzinga - Feed Your Mind News Markets Ratings Ideas Tech Small-Cap Personal Finance Premium Products Mid-Afternoon Market Update: Derma Sciences Climbs On Acquisition News; Novadaq Shares Plunge From The Driver's Seat At Detroit's NAIAS: Ford And Toyota Steal Day One's Spotlight
Continue to site >> Login My Account Get Alerts TheStreet Alerts Email Newsletters In Case You Missed It Before the Bell Jim Cramer's Daily Booyah Midday Bell Top 10 Winners & Losers Register For Newsletters Action Alerts PLUS Charitable Trust Portfolio Jim Cramer's Best Stocks of 2017 Most Recent Trade Alert 25 Investing Rules 10 Trading Commandments Mad Money Recap Real Money Jim Cramer's Best Stocks of 2017 25 Rules of investing 10 Commandments Stressed Out Stocks Cramer's Blog Investing Much More Cramer Mad Money BizTV Election 2016 ETFs Financial Advisor Center Futures How to Spend Banking Biotech Markets Options Personal Finance Retail Retirement Tech Stock Picks Video Latest News Subscribe SUBSCRIPTION SERVICES Action Alerts PLUS Action Alerts OPTIONS Daily Swing Trade Dividend Stock Advisor Growth Seeker Quant Ratings Real Money Real Money Pro Stocks Under $10 Top Stocks Trifecta Stocks SUBSCRIPTION BUNDLES Portfolio PLUS Real Money Pro Portfolio Chairman's Club FREE TheStreet MainStreet Compare All Subscription Services Real Money What Will GDP Say About Economic Growth? DJIA S&P 500 NASDAQ Markets Today Bristol-Myers and AstraZeneca Take Beatings It happened in the wake of Merck's latest drug approval. Alicia McElhaney Jan 11, 2017 4:33 PM EST Bristol-Myers tablets Shares of Bristol-Myers Squibb (BMY) , Roche (RHHBY) and AstraZeneca (AZN) fell Wednesday on news that Merck (MRK) will get a faster-than-anticipated FDA review for its lung cancer drug Keytruda.  Leerink analyst Seamus Fernandez wrote that the news "comes as a significant surprise" and gives Merck "another leg up" in the race to develop cancer drugs. The three are in competition with Merck for a lung cancer treatment that could be used in tandem with chemotherapy for the disease, so when Merck announced that FDA will approve the drug by May 10, investors were scared off.  Bristol-Myers has a lung cancer drug, Opdivo, in development (though it failed to show a benefit back in October). The company's drug was seen as a potential superstar in the space. On the news, it's shares fell 5.3%, or $3.18 per share, to a close of $56.80 apiece Wednesday.  Meanwhile, AstraZeneca's shares fell 2.54%, hitting $28.03 apiece midday Wednesday. The company closed down 1.78% from market's open. AstraZeneca has a pill that has shown promise for lung cancer treatment in development, called Tagrisso.  And Roche saw shares slip as well, falling 1.7%, hitting $29.50 apiece. Roche has a drug already approved by the FDA for the treatment of lung cancer called Tecentriq.  Merck's shares, meanwhile, got a boost on the news. The company saw shares climb 2.85% from market's open, hitting $61.63 apiece before markets closed.  The company presented at the JP Morgan Healthcare Conference on Jan. 9.  Editor's note: This story was originally published at 12 pm ET and has been updated to reflect closing prices. If you liked this article you might like Closing Bell: Volkswagen Secures Plea Deal; Trump Triggers Biotech Selloff Wall Street secured gains again by late afternoon Wednesday in unpredictable trading following President-elect Donald Trump's first press conference since July. Keris Alison Lahiff Jan 11, 2017 4:20 PM EST 3 Takeover Candidates in the Drug Space Potential acquirers include Gilead Sciences, Johnson & Johnson, Pfizer, Merck and Novartis. David Katz Jan 8, 2017 2:00 PM EST Health Care, Banks Lead Game Strategy for Next Week: Cramer's 'Mad Money' Recap (Friday 1/6/17) Jim Cramer says he's focusing on health-care companies that will break news that moves stocks. Scott Rutt Jan 6, 2017 8:09 PM EST Trending Where to Get the Best Birthday Perks Here's Why Macy's Just Fired a Key Executive That Earned $900,000 a Year Watch Apple Try to Prove its Wacky New Airpods Won't Fall Out of Your Ears Most Outrageous Apple iPhone Cases You Just Have to See to Believe Ringling Brothers Circus Closes as Entertainment Companies Grapple With Animal Rights Questions Advertising Partners Hot Topics Pharma Blue-Chip Cramer on Apple Stocks Under $10 Best High-Yielders Tech Stocks Top Dividend Stocks Home Cramer Banking Biotech Election 2016 ETFs Futures Investing Opinion Personal Finance Retail Tech Video Featured Topics Jim Cramer Mad Money Stock Market Today Dow Jones Today Dividend Stocks Gold Price Silver Prices Copper Prices Oil Prices Sections ©1996-2017 TheStreet, Inc. All rights reserved. Action Alerts PLUS is a registered trademark of TheStreet, Inc. Popular Pages Best Stocks Best Stocks to Buy High Dividend Stocks Stock Market Holidays Earnings Calendar Ex Dividend Date ETF Ratings Mutual Fund Ratings Best Online Brokers Subscriptions Action Alerts PLUS Action Alerts OPTIONS Daily Swing Trade Dividend Stock Advisor Growth Seeker Quant Ratings Real Money Real Money Pro Stocks Under $10 Top Stocks Trifecta Stocks Portfolio PLUS RMP Portfolio Chairman's Club Stay Connected Feedback About Us Write For TheStreet Investor Relations Advertise Reprints Customer Service Employment Privacy Policy Terms of Use Topic Archive Video Sitemap Data Affiliate Press Room ©1996-2017 TheStreet, Inc. All rights reserved. Action Alerts PLUS is a registered trademark of TheStreet, Inc. Compare Brokers
SubscribeStarting at 99 cents MembersSign In SUBSCRIBE NOW Get unlimited access to Globe.com today Menu SubscribeStarting at 99 cents MembersSign In Business & Tech SubscribeStarting at 99 cents MembersSign In Metro Sports Business & Tech Opinion Politics Lifestyle Arts Cars Real Estate Most popular on bostonglobe.com Based on what you've read recently, you might be interested in theses stories Christopher L. Gasper: To Tom Brady, ‘good enough’ isn’t enough America is off the tracks At home and abroad, President Obama’s trail of disasters Obama speaks about Trump in ‘60 Minutes’ interview Today's Paper Magazine Obituaries Weather Comics Crossword The Big Picture Digital Access 99 cents a week for the first 4 weeks Subscribe Subscribe Home Delivery Save 50% off the regular rate Subscribe Subscribe Already a subscriber? Members Sign In Digital Access 99 cents a week for the first 4 weeks Subscribe Subscribe Home Delivery Save 50% off the regular rate Subscribe Subscribe Already a subscriber? Members Sign In Boston’s Vertex licenses 4 cancer research programs E-Mail Share via e-mail To Add a message Your e-mail Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Comments Print The Boston Globe Tweet Share Vertex Pharmaceuticals Inc., based in Boston’s Seaport District, sells two treatments for cystic fibrosis. (Globe staff photo / Craig F. Walker) By Robert Weisman Globe Staff  January 11, 2017 Vertex Pharmaceuticals Inc. will receive an upfront payment of $230 million from German drug maker Merck KGaA to license four of the Boston biotech’s cancer drug research programs. The licensing deal, disclosed Wednesday, effectively turns over the research, development, and commercialization of Vertex’s entire cancer drug pipeline to Merck, which owns the US biotech EMD Serono in Rockland. If any of Vertex’s compounds are eventually approved as medicines, the company would also receive royalties amounting to a share of future sales. Advertisement Under the deal, Germany’s Merck, a separate company from the US pharmaceutical giant Merck & Co., obtains the global rights to two experimental compounds being tested by Vertex in clinical trials to inhibit DNA repair pathways key to the proliferation of certain cancers. Merck will also take over a pair of Vertex preclinical cancer drug research programs. “It’s a very strong strategic fit for us,” Merck’s global head of research and development Luciano Rossetti said. “To succeed in oncology, our company is focusing our efforts in specific areas we can drive, such as immuno-oncology and DNA damage and repair. These assets from Vertex perfectly complement our oncology efforts.” Get Talking Points in your inbox: An afternoon recap of the day’s most important business news, delivered weekdays. Sign Up Thank you for signing up! Sign up for more newsletters here A spokeswoman said Vertex executives weren’t available for comment. The company stands to gain tiered royalties totaling up to 25 percent of sales for its clinical-stage cancer drug candidates and less than 10 percent for its preclinical cancer compounds. Shares of Vertex were trading down about 1.4 percent early Wednesday afternoon. Vertex, which sells two drugs to treat the lung disease cystic fibrosis, continues to develop additional cystic fibrosis treatments for patients with different genetic mutations of the ailment. Advertisement Its scientists are also working on treatments for pain and spinal cord injury. Earlier this week, in a presentation at the J.P. Morgan Healthcare Conference in San Francisco, executives said they are looking for ways to treat other conditions, ranging from sickle cell disease to polycystic kidney disease. Vertex spokeswoman Heather Nichols said the licensing deal won’t result in job cuts because researchers working on the early-stage cancer drugs will be assigned to other programs. While EMD Serono has been best known for drugs that treat multiple sclerosis and infertility, company executives last year said they are mounting a push into cancer therapies. At the J.P. Morgan conference, the company announced a strategic collaboration with MD Anderson Cancer Center in Houston aimed at advancing development of EMD Serono’s experimental drugs to treat breast and colorectal cancer, glioblastoma, and leukemia. Robert Weisman can be reached at robert.weisman@globe.com. Follow him on Twitter @GlobeRobW. Loading comments... Top 10 Trending Articles Most Viewed Most Commented Most Shared Learn more Subscribe Subscribe Boston Globe Insiders EPaper Edition My Account Log in Manage my Account Download Customer Service App Sign Up For Newsletters Contact Help FAQs Globe newsroom Advertise Social Facebook Twitter Google+ More ePaper News in Education Archives Privacy policy Terms of service Terms of purchase Your Ad Choices Work at Boston Globe Media © 2017 Boston Globe Media Partners, LLC You're reading  1 of 5 free articles. Get UNLIMITED access for only 99¢ per week Subscribe Now > You're reading1 of 5 free articles.Keep scrolling to see more articles recomended for you Subscribe now You're reading 1 of 5 free articles. Get UNLIMITED access for only 99¢ per week. Subscribe now You're reading 2 of 5 free articles. Get UNLIMITED access for only 99¢ per week. Subscribe now You're reading 3 of 5 free articles. Get UNLIMITED access for only 99¢ per week. Subscribe now You're reading 4 of 5 free articles. Get UNLIMITED access for only 99¢ per week. Subscribe now You're reading 5 of 5 free articles. Get UNLIMITED access for only 99¢ per week. Subscribe now We hope you've enjoyed your 5 free articles. Continue reading by subscribing to Globe.com for just 99¢. Subscribe Now Already a member? Log in Home Special Offer for Business Travelers Get the day’s top stories by 6 am. and breaking news as it unfolds Connect with Facebook or Sign up & return to story Please enter a valid email Subscriber Log in | Privacy Policy Close Wake up with today’s top stories Get Today’s Headlines every morning and breaking news as it unfolds. Connect with Facebook or Sign up & return to story Please enter a valid email Subscriber Log in | Privacy Policy Close Thanks for signing up Browse our full list of free Globe newsletters Return to your story Close We hope you’ve enjoyed your 5 free articles Continue reading by subscribing to Globe.com for just 99¢. Subscribe Now Subscribe Now Already a subscriber? Log in DON'T MISS THESE MUST READS Get unlimited access and never miss a story Christopher L. Gasper: To Tom Brady, ‘good enough’ isn’t enough America is off the tracks At home and abroad, President Obama’s trail of disasters Obama speaks about Trump in ‘60 Minutes’ interview Subscriber Log In We hope you've enjoyed your 5 free articles' Continue reading by subscribing to BostonGlobe.com for just 99¢. Continue reading by subscribing to Globe.com for just $.99¢ Stay informed with unlimited access to Boston’s trusted news source. High-quality journalism from the region’s largest newsroom Convenient access across all of your devices Today’s Headlines daily newsletter Subscriber-only access to exclusive offers, events, contests, eBooks, and more Less than 25¢ a week GET FULL ACCESS NOW GET FULL ACCESS NOW Already a subscriber? Log in Your city. Your stories. Your Globe. Yours FREE for two weeks. Enjoy free unlimited access to Globe.com for the next two weeks. Limited time only - No credit card required! Get Today's Headlines newsletter Remember me BostonGlobe.com complimentary digital access has been provided to you, without a subscription, for free starting today and ending in 14 days. After the free trial period, your free BostonGlobe.com digital access will stop immediately unless you sign up for BostonGlobe.com digital subscription. Current print and digital subscribers are not eligible for the free trial. Thanks & Welcome to Globe.com You now have unlimited access for the next two weeks. Explore Globe.com BostonGlobe.com complimentary digital access has been provided to you, without a subscription, for free starting today and ending in 14 days. After the free trial period, your free BostonGlobe.com digital access will stop immediately unless you sign up for BostonGlobe.com digital subscription. Current print and digital subscribers are not eligible for the free trial.
Menu Search here Home Articles Newswires Videos Big Picture Columnists Companies All Companies All featured N.America Featured UK Featured Australia Featured Events Highlights All Market Reports Columns Presentations Crowdfunding Elevator Pitch Energy All Big Picture Articles Newswires Market Reports Columns Videos Presentations Conferences Mining All Big Picture Articles Newswires Market Reports Columns Videos Presentations Conferences Tech All Big Picture Articles Newswires Market Reports Columns Videos Presentations Pharma & Biotech All Big Picture Articles Newswires Market Reports Columns Videos Presentations In Focus All Big Picture Articles Newswires Market Reports Columns Videos Presentations Sign-Up Login Watch us Like us Follow us Pro UK Pro AU Fuller Treacy Money Stocktube Mining Capital Oil Capital Tech Capital Biotech Capital Pro UKPro AU Pro HK FULLER TREACY MONEY StockTube Mining Capital Oil Capital Tech Capital Biotech Capital Sign up USA UNITED KINGDOM Australia Germany China Login × Login Email Password Sign in Did you forget your password? Click here for recovery Or login using... × Send Email To: * Separate multiple addresses with commas. From: Name: Please send me a copy Message: Verification code: * Enter the code from above Send × Preferences Profile Password Edit your personal details Email First Name Last Name Mobile/Cell Home/Daytime Work Gender Male Female Hometown Primary Country Corporate Website I want to get marketing materials from Proactive Investors More about yourself Tell us a little bit about you and your interests Occupation Portfolio Size No portfolio €1 - €49,000 €50,000 - €99,000 €100,000 - €499,000 €500,000 - €1,000,000 +€1000,000 Interest (You can select more then one) General Interest Educational Private Investor Professional Investor Institutional Investor Hedge Fund Manager Public Relations Financial Services Broker Media / Press Change your password Password Password Repeat × Contact Support Your email: * Problematic page url * Message * Verification code Enter the code from above * Articles Newswires Videos Big Picture Columnists Companies All Companies All featured N.America Featured UK Featured Australia Featured Events × Advanced Search Keyword Search by CHANNEL SECTOR MARKET AUTHOR Energy Mining Pharma & Biotech Tech In Focus Aerospace Aerospace & Defense Agribusiness Automobiles & Parts Banks Basic Materials Beverages Broadcasting & Entertainment Building Material & Fixtures Business Support Services Capital Goods Chemicals Cleantech and Renewable Energy Clothing & Footwear Computer Hardware Computer Services Construction & Materials Consumer Finance Consumer Services Diamonds & Gemstones Education Electronic & Electrical Equipment Energy Engineering Equity Instruments ETF - Exchange-Traded Fund Exploration & Production Financial Financial Admin Food & Beverages Food & Drug Retailers Forestry & Paper Furnishings Gambling General Financials General Industry General Mining General Mining - Coal General Mining - Copper General Mining - Diamonds & Gemstones General Mining - Gold General Mining - Iron Ore and Bauxite General Mining - Lithium General Mining - Moly, Chrome, Tungsten & Manganese General Mining - Nickel and Cobalt General Mining - Platinum Group Metals General Mining - Potash and Phosphate General Mining - Rare Earth Minerals General Mining - Silver General Mining - Uranium & Lithium General Mining - Zinc, Lead and Tin General Retailers Gold Mining Growth Companies Health Care, Equipment & Services Industrial Machinery Industrial Metals Industrial Suppliers Insurance Integrated Oil & Gas Internet Internet Investment Funds & Companies Investment Services IT Hardware Leisure Manufacturing Media & Publishing Medical Cannabis Mining Mobile Communications Multiutilities Nonequity Investment Instruments Oil & Gas Oil & Gas Equipment & Services Oil & Gas Exploration & Production Other Industry News Personal Products Pharma & Biotech Pharmaceuticals Platinum & Precious Metals Real Estate Real Estate Holding & Development Recreational Services Renewable Energy Restaurants, pubs Semiconductors Software & Computer Services Specialty Chemicals Specialty Finance Specialty Retailers Sports Support Services Tech Technology Hardware & Equipment Telecommunications Equipment Telecoms Telecoms services Transportation Travel Leisure Travel, Leisure & Hospitality Utilities All UK Markets All North American Markets PRIVATE AIM OTCQB PINK TMP AMEX LSE PLUS ASX TSX JSE NASDAQ FRA TSX-V OTCBB KRX OTC FFT NYSE XETRA ISE MCE CNSX COLOMBO NASDAQ OMX OSL GXG GSX NSX NEX OTCMKTS EPA SGX Frankfurt Code NYSEMKT ETR HKG AEX Ian Mclelland Craig Ribton Ian Lyall Philip Whiterow Sam Kiri Ruth Gemmell Andrew McCrea John Phillips John Harrington Deborah Bacal Carrie Howes Brian Keane Peter Murray Jamie Ashcroft Giles Gwinnett Northland Capital Deborah Sterescu Charlotte Kan Anwar Ali Bevis Yeo Mourad Haroutunian Gordon Aldcorn Alessandro Bruno Jane Sully Jackie Steinitz Steve Asfour Natasha Barr Proactive Investors John McGoldrick SP Angel HB Markets Ransquawk Fuller Treavy Galvan Trader Talk Hybridan Fox-Davies Fat Prophets Alistair Strang Edison's weekly research summary The Naked Trader Keith Heddle Michael Millar Angus Warren Beaufort Securities Markets At A Glance Sprott Group Susan McKenzie Charlotte Kan Leigh Bolton Adam Sheldrake Sophie Barrowman Emma Milton Northland Capital IG Group Malcolm Graham-Wood Nick Huber Nicola Brown Andrew Neil Shard Capital Damon Heath Gareth Burchell Juliet Mann Jon Hopkins Accendo Markets Sarah Lowther Greg Watson Nigel Roberts . Fuller Treacy Money Philip Waller Jonathan Jones Alastair Ford Glen Jones Thomas Coleman Stewart Dalby Eithne Treanor RFC Ambrian Ben Marlow Richard Embrey Ebiquity Kieron Hodgson Stefania Barbaglio Sasha Sethi Jeremy Naylor Jamie Nimmo Carrie White George Matlock Josh Allsopp Tom Howard VSA Capital George Matlock Charles Breese Roger Lawson Andrew Scott Jonathon Narvey Jonathon Narvey Angela Kean Christine Feary Andre Lamberti Jeff Coote Sergei Balashov Brad Lemaire Joyanta Acharjee Olivia D'Orazio Jon Mainwaring Ross Louthean, Mineweb.net Fiona MacDonald Erin Sugar Richard Badauskas Metals Place Kam Patel Julie Crust Chris Shaw Dorothy Kosich Stephen Feldman Jon Hopkins Tip Tv Home Energy Mining Tech Pharma & Biotech Home News Articles NYSE:MRK US FDA agrees to accelerated review of Merck immunotherapy drug combination treatment for lung cancer Share Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Email Print Download PDF version 08:41 11 Jan 2017 Merck said the FDA would decide by May 10 whether to OK the Keytruda combination treatment, with the drug already approved for first-line treatment of lung cancer patients. Merck presented good results from a mid-stage Phase II trial for its Keytruda-chemotherapy combination at conference in Denmark in October Drugs giant Merck & Co. Inc. (NYSE:MRK) has gained a march on its rivals after US regulators agreed to an accelerated review of the use of one of its immunotherapy products with other drugs as a treatment for lung cancer. The US Food & Drug Administration has accepted Merck's application to review a combination of its immune system-boosting drug Keytruda with chemotherapy as an initial therapy for the largest cancer market. The group said the FDA would decide by May 10 whether to approve the Keytruda combination treatment, with the drug already approved for the first-line treatment of lung cancer patients. Merck presented good results from a mid-stage Phase II trial for its Keytruda-chemotherapy combination at conference in Denmark in October. Immunotherapy is revolutionising some areas of cancer care, although providing it alone as a treatment only seems to work better than chemotherapy in previously untreated lung cancer patients. Share Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Email Print Download PDF version Jon Hopkins Register here to be notified of future MRK Company articles View full MRK profile Merck & Co Timeline Newswire December 16 2016 Merck's Keytruda close to Europe approval as chemotherapy alternative Article December 16 2016 Gilead order to pay US$2.54bn in royalties after losing patent battle Newswire October 10 2016 Bristol Myers suffers again after more Keytruda success Newswire September 15 2016 Merck/Pfizer ready new diabetes drug after trial success Article September 02 2016 Merck axes osteoporosis treatment odanacatib Newswire February 03 2016 Jefferies keeps Merck medicine on the shelf Article July 31 2015 NewLink Genetics and Merck vaccine shown to be 100% effective against Ebola Newswire July 28 2015 Merck posts Q2 profit beat, sales miss; full-year EPS forecast boosted Newswire April 28 2015 Merck boosts annual profit forecast, reports Q1 profit and sales beat Newswire December 18 2014 Merck acquires OncoEthix for up to $375 mln to boost cancer drug pipeline View All Related Articles Full steam ahead for Midatech November 22 2016 With the balance sheet now significantly strengthened, we anticipate the company is well-positioned to capture value in areas where its technology platforms offer material improvements for patient care - Panmure Gordon. Amryt Pharma's plan advances as second drug gets orphan status November 07 2016 The aim is for clinical trials for AP102 to start next year RSS Portfolio Follow Only registred members can create thier own customized alerts. Register or Log in Help Only registered members can add into watchlist. Register or Log in Merck & Co View full company profile Merck & Co., Inc. is a research- driven pharmaceutical company that discovers, develops, manufactures and markets a range of innovative products to improve human and animal health, directly and through its joint ventures. Merck & Co., Inc. is a research- driven pharmaceutical company that discovers, develops, manufactures and markets a range of innovative products to improve human and animal health, directly and through its joint ventures. Hide text Market: NYSE EPIC: MRK Market Cap: $176,766.00M Latest Price: $62.34  (0.21% ) Sector: Pharmaceuticals 1day 1year Proactive Investors Recommended Amryt Pharma's plan advances as second drug gets orphan status Full steam ahead for Midatech Emmerson Resources Ltd's Rob Bills talks bonanza gold in Proactive Q&A Sessions™ International: UK AU DE CN Our Company Term & Conditions The Team Contact us Newsletter Sitemap Cookies Partners: Follow us: Copyright © Proactiveinvestors.com, 2017. All Rights Reserved - Proactive Investors North America Inc., Proactive Investors LLC
Latest News Dow 19,886 -5.27 -0.03% Nasdaq 5,574 +26.63 +0.48% S&P 500 2,275 +4.20 +0.18% 8:44 P.M. ET Here's what Trump means for the tech industry 6:54 P.M. ET Ice Storms Cause Hazards in Great Plains States 6:21 P.M. ET These dogs make up to $10K per social media post 6:03 P.M. ET Updated U.K. pound drops ahead of Theresa May’s Brexit speech 5:27 P.M. ET CIA chief John Brennan has a stern warning for Donald Trump 5:10 P.M. ET Updated Don’t buy the spin: Trump’s tycoons really will avoid taxes 5:00 P.M. ET Why Goldman sees only 90 good days for U.S. stocks in 2017 4:57 P.M. ET Nvidia and Audi predict self-driving car by 2020 4:19 P.M. ET Updated Divorce lawyers: 30% more couples terminate their marriage in January 4:19 P.M. ET Updated Most Americans are one medical emergency away from financial disaster 4:19 P.M. ET Updated My ex-husband left me his $150,000 pension — his sister says it was an oversight 2:04 P.M. ET More Democratic lawmakers plan on boycotting Trump’s inauguration 2:03 P.M. ET Davos elite promise global solutions, but they’re part of the problem 2:01 P.M. ET Unrest could grip Germany in 2017 and U.S. investors could suffer fallout 2:00 P.M. ET 4 reforms we must make to our democracy to protect the American economy 1:39 P.M. ET Updated Sanders says ‘it would not be a bad thing’ if FBI boss Comey stepped down 1:37 P.M. ET Updated Ringling Bros. and Barnum & Bailey Circus to shut down after 146 years 1:23 P.M. ET Updated Is Amazon’s new credit card for Prime members worth it? 1:18 P.M. ET Updated Is Chase Sapphire Reserve card still a good value — even with the new terms? 1:18 P.M. ET Updated 1 in 10 Americans say they will die in debt Log In Home News Viewer Video SectorWatch Podcasts First Take Games Portfolio My MarketWatch News Viewer Markets U.S. Europe/Middle East Emerging Markets Asia Canada SectorWatch Columns Market Snapshot Movers & Shakers The Tell Currencies Futures Movers Pre-Market News Tools Earnings Wall Markets Overview IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar Currency Tools Futures Contracts Market Screener Hulbert Interactive Investing Stocks Mutual Funds ETFs Options Bonds Commodities Currencies Futures Hedge Funds/Insider Trades Getting Started MarketWatch Adviser Columns Options Trader Revolution Investing Tools Stock Screener Funds Finder ETF Screener Options Screener IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar More... Trading Deck . Personal Finance 10 Things Big Spender Real Estate Spending & Saving Taxes Columns The Moneyologist Brett Arends Bill Bischoff Amy Hoak Chuck Jaffe Jennifer Openshaw Jennifer Waters Tools Funds Finder Today's Rates Retirement RetireMentors Encore Taxes Retire Here, Not There How-to Guides Social Security Estate Planning Events Columns Robert Powell's Retirement Portfolio Andrea Coombes's Working Retirement Tools Retirement Planner How long will my money last? Economy Federal Reserve Capitol Report Economic Report Columns Darrell Delamaide Irwin Kellner Rex Nutting Tools Economic Calendar Real Estate Location Scouts realtor.com My MarketWatch Watchlist Alerts Games Log In Home Press Release Merck KGaA, Darmstadt, Germany, Licenses Four Oncology Research and Development Programs from Vertex and Becomes a Leader in DNA Damage and Repair By Published: Jan 11, 2017 9:00 a.m. ET Share - Merck KGaA, Darmstadt, Germany licenses two promising clinical-stage programs targeting DNA damage and repair, and two novel pre-clinical programs- All programs have first-in-class and best-in-class potential- Vertex receives upfront payment of $230 million plus royalties on future sales DARMSTADT, Germany, Jan. 11, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- Merck KGaA, Darmstadt, Germany, a leading science and technology company which operates its biopharmaceutical business in the US and Canada as EMD Serono, today announced that it has entered into a licensing agreement with Vertex Pharmaceuticals Incorporated, Boston, USA, for the worldwide development and commercialization of four promising research and development programs that represent novel approaches to the treatment of cancer. "With this strategic deal, we significantly strengthen our oncology pipeline in two attractive areas where we have leading competence, DNA damage and repair and immuno-oncology—areas which also have promising therapeutic synergy," says Belén Garijo, CEO Healthcare and Member of the Executive Board of Merck KGaA, Darmstadt, Germany. "This deal underscores our commitment to accelerate innovation for cancer patients, and we are excited for the opportunity to build on Vertex's rigorous science and advance these leading programs."  As part of the agreement, Merck KGaA, Darmstadt, Germany will license two clinical-stage programs targeting DNA damage and repair, along with two additional novel pre-clinical programs. Vertex will receive an upfront payment of $230 million, in addition to royalties on future net sales. Merck KGaA, Darmstadt, Germany will assume full responsibility for the development and commercialization of all the programs. "The Vertex R&D team has produced a portfolio of first-in-class compounds with the potential to enhance the therapy of multiple cancers," said Jeffrey Leiden, Chairman, President and CEO of Vertex. "We are pleased to partner with Merck KGaA, Darmstadt, Germany, a leader in oncology with exciting complementary assets that will help fully realize the value of these unique compounds and accelerate the programs' potential benefits for patients." The two clinical-stage programs represent first-in-class approaches to inhibit the DNA repair pathways that are fundamental to the survival and proliferation of certain cancers: An ataxia telangiectasia and Rad3 related (ATR) program comprised of two compounds, VX-970 and VX-803. VX-970 is being investigated broadly through 10 ongoing Phase 1 and Phase 2 trials across a variety of tumors and patient subtypes expected to be responsive to ATR inhibition based on biomarker data. Preliminary VX-970 clinical data were presented at the 2016 American Society of Clinical Oncology (ASCO) Annual Meeting and the 2016 American Association for Cancer Research (AACR) Annual Meeting. VX-803 is an orally dosed ATR inhibitor currently in Phase 1 trials evaluating escalating doses of VX-803 alone and in combination with chemotherapy. A DNA-dependent protein kinase (DNA-PK) inhibitor program including the clinical candidate VX-984. A Phase 1 trial is now evaluating escalating doses of VX-984 alone and in combination with pegylated liposomal doxorubicin in subjects with advanced solid tumors. Merck KGaA, Darmstadt, Germany will combine these assets with its existing DNA-PK assets into a single development program. The pre-clinical programs include one immuno-oncology program against an attractive target with first-in-class potential, and a program against a completely novel target. For both of these programs, Vertex research has demonstrated efficacy in relevant pre-clinical models, including demonstration of combination potential with immune checkpoint inhibition for the immuno-oncology program. Merck KGaA, Darmstadt, Germany will continue to characterize the Vertex compounds in these programs with the goal of taking them forward into the clinic. The strength of Merck KGaA, Darmstadt, Germany's oncology R&D program, including a leading presence in immunotherapy and DNA damage and repair, demonstrates how the company is re-imagining the way cancer can be treated.  About Vertex Vertex is a global biotechnology company that aims to discover, develop and commercialize innovative medicines so people with serious diseases can lead better lives. In addition to our clinical development programs focused on cystic fibrosis, Vertex has more than a dozen ongoing research programs aimed at other serious and life-threatening diseases. Founded in 1989 in Cambridge, Mass., Vertex today has research and development sites and commercial offices in the United States, Europe, Canada and Australia. For seven years in a row, Science magazine has named Vertex one of its Top Employers in the life sciences. For additional information and the latest updates from the company, please visit www.vrtx.com. All Merck KGaA, Darmstadt, Germany, press releases are distributed by e-mail at the same time they become available on the EMD Group Website. In case you are a resident of the USA or Canada please go to www.emdgroup.com/subscribe to register again for your online subscription of this service as our newly introduced geo-targeting requires new links in the email. You may later change your selection or discontinue this service. About EMD Serono, Inc. EMD Serono is the biopharma business of Merck KGaA, Darmstadt, Germany, in the U.S. and Canada - a leading science and technology company - focused exclusively on specialty care. For more than 40 years, the business has integrated cutting-edge science, innovative products and industry-leading patient support and access programs. EMD Serono has deep expertise in neurology, fertility and endocrinology, as well as a robust pipeline of potential therapies in oncology, immuno-oncology and immunology as R&D focus areas. Today, the business has more than 1,100 employees around the country with commercial, clinical and research operations based in the company's home state of Massachusetts. About Merck KGaA, Darmstadt, GermanyMerck KGaA, Darmstadt, Germany, is a leading science and technology company in healthcare, life science and performance materials. Around 50,000 employees work to further develop technologies that improve and enhance life – from biopharmaceutical therapies to treat cancer or multiple sclerosis, cutting-edge systems for scientific research and production, to liquid crystals for smartphones and LCD televisions. In 2015, Merck KGaA, Darmstadt, Germany, generated sales of € 12.85 billion in 66 countries. Founded in 1668, Merck KGaA, Darmstadt, Germany, is the world's oldest pharmaceutical and chemical company. The founding family remains the majority owner of the publicly listed corporate group. Merck KGaA, Darmstadt, Germany, holds the global rights to the Merck KGaA, Darmstadt, Germany, name and brand. The only exceptions are the United States and Canada, where the company operates as EMD Serono, MilliporeSigma and EMD Performance Materials. Your Contact Gangolf Schrimpf      +49 151 1454 9591 To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/merck-kgaa-darmstadt-germany-licenses-four-oncology-research-and-development-programs-from-vertex-and-becomes-a-leader-in-dna-damage-and-repair-300389327.html SOURCE Merck KGaA, Darmstadt, Germany Copyright (C) 2017 PR Newswire. All rights reserved Most Popular Why Goldman sees only 90 good days for U.S. stocks in 2017 More Democratic lawmakers plan on boycotting Trump’s inauguration Stocks may need a flawless earnings season to keep Trump rally going CIA chief John Brennan has a stern warning for Donald Trump Tour the house Obama will live in after he moves out of the White House MarketWatch Partner Center Luxury Real Estate Essential apps for your smart home hub View More SectorWatch These dogs make up to $10k per social media post View More Real Estate 2016's most popular homes were led by the biggest fixer-upper of all time View More Barron's Next When leaving a job, take the 401k money and run View More Sponsored Headlines MarketWatch Site Index Topics Help Feedback Newsroom Roster Media Archive Premium Products Mobile Company Company Info Code of Conduct Corrections Advertising Media Kit Advertise Locally Reprints & Licensing Broker Center Your Ad Choices Dow Jones Network WSJ.com Barron's Online BigCharts Virtual Stock Exchange Financial News Online WSJ.com Small Business realtor.com Mansion Global Back to Top Copyright ©2017 MarketWatch, Inc. All rights reserved. By using this site you agree to the Terms of Service, Privacy Policy, and Cookie Policy. Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. Intraday data delayed per exchange requirements. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real time last sale data provided by NASDAQ. More information on NASDAQ traded symbols and their current financial status. Intraday data delayed 15 minutes for Nasdaq, and 20 minutes for other exchanges. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. SEHK intraday data is provided by SIX Financial Information and is at least 60-minutes delayed. All quotes are in local exchange time. Advanced Search Stocks Columns Authors Topics No results found LatestNews
Contact Us Journalists Blog Log In Sign Up Send a Release News Solutions Resources Search News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News dansk Deutsch español Français italiano Nederlands norsk português suomeksi svenska Lilly and Merck Expand Immuno-Oncology Collaboration New Study to Evaluate Combination of LARTRUVO™ (olaratumab) and KEYTRUDA® (pembrolizumab) Jan 11, 2017, 06:45 ET from Eli Lilly and Company Eli Lilly and Company logo. (PRNewsFoto, Eli Lilly and Company) (PRNewsFoto/Eli Lilly and Company)     Facebook Twitter Pinterest Eli Lilly and Company logo. (PRNewsFoto, Eli Lilly and Company) (PRNewsFoto/Eli Lilly and Company) INDIANAPOLIS, Jan. 11, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- Eli Lilly and Company (NYSE: LLY) today announced the expansion of an existing immuno-oncology collaboration with Merck, known as MSD outside the U.S. and Canada, through a subsidiary, to add a new study of Lilly's LARTRUVO™ (olaratumab) with KEYTRUDA® (pembrolizumab) in patients with previously treated advanced or metastatic soft tissue sarcoma (STS). Notably, the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) recently granted accelerated approval for LARTRUVO (olaratumab injection, 10 mg/mL), in combination with doxorubicin, for the treatment of adults with STS with a histologic subtype for which an anthracycline-containing regimen is appropriate and which is not amenable to curative treatment with radiotherapy or surgery. LARTRUVO (olaratumab injection, 10 mg/mL), in combination with doxorubicin, also recently received conditional marketing authorization from the European Medicines Agency for the treatment of adults with advanced STS not amenable to curative treatment with surgery or radiotherapy and who have not been previously treated with doxorubicin. "We look forward to further expanding our collaboration with Merck to include this combination study focused on advanced soft tissue sarcoma, a rare and difficult-to-treat disease with limited treatment options," said Sue Mahony, Ph.D., senior vice president and president, Lilly Oncology. "This collaborative study builds on the exciting data we have seen with olaratumab and supports our focus on investigating the potential of rational combinations to enhance efficacy and change the standards of care for people with cancer." "Historic and present day scientific advances continue to reinforce the role of combination therapies in extending the lives of people with cancer," said Eric Rubin, M.D., vice president and therapeutic area head, oncology early-stage development, Merck Research Laboratories. "Our collaboration with Lilly exemplifies our commitment to fully exploring combination regimens with KEYTRUDA to help arm physicians with the treatment tools they need to help their patients."    Lilly is the sponsor of the Phase 1 study and enrollment is expected to begin mid-2017. Financial details of the collaboration were not disclosed. In addition to the study announced today, other ongoing trials between Lilly and Merck, through a subsidiary, include: Studies of pemetrexed (plus carboplatin) and pembrolizumab in first-line nonsquamous non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC), including a Phase 3 study that is currently enrolling patients; A Phase 1 study examining the combination of ramucirumab with pembrolizumab in NSCLC, gastric cancer and bladder cancer; A Phase 1 study examining the combination of necitumumab with pembrolizumab in NSCLC; and A Phase 1 study examining the combination of abemaciclib, a CDK 4 and 6 inhibitor, with pembrolizumab. Based on the Phase 1 trial results, the collaboration has the potential to progress to Phase 2 trials in patients who have been diagnosed with either metastatic breast cancer or NSCLC. Olaratumab (marketed under the brand name LARTRUVO™) is a platelet-derived growth factor receptor alpha (PDGFR-α) blocking antibody that specifically binds PDGFR-α and prevents receptor activation. LARTRUVO exhibits in vitro and in vivo anti-tumor activity against selected sarcoma cell lines and disrupted the PDGFR-α signaling pathway in in vivo tumor implant models. Pembrolizumab (marketed under the brand name KEYTRUDA®) is a humanized monoclonal antibody that works by increasing the ability of the body's immune system to help detect and fight tumor cells. Pembrolizumab blocks the interaction between PD-1 and its ligands, PD-L1 and PD-L2, thereby activating T lymphocytes, which may affect both tumor cells and healthy cells. NOTES TO EDITORS About Sarcomas Sarcomas are a diverse and relatively rare type of cancer that usually develop in the connective tissue of the body, which include fat, blood vessels, nerves, bones, muscles, deep skin tissues and cartilage. Soft tissue sarcoma is a complex disease with multiple subtypes, making it very hard to diagnose and difficult to treat. For decades, there have been no front-line therapeutic advancements for STS that have improved overall survival. According to the American Cancer Society, in 2015, there were an estimated 12,000 new STS cases diagnosed and nearly 5,000 deaths in the U.S. alone.  INDICATION LARTRUVO is indicated, in combination with doxorubicin, for the treatment of adult patients with soft tissue sarcoma (STS) with a histologic subtype for which an anthracycline-containing regimen is appropriate and which is not amenable to curative treatment with radiotherapy or surgery. This indication is approved under Accelerated Approval. Continued approval for this indication may be contingent upon verification and description of clinical benefit in the confirmatory trial. IMPORTANT SAFETY INFORMATION FOR LARTRUVO Warnings and Precautions Infusion-Related Reactions Infusion-related reactions (IRR) occurred in 70 (14%) of 485 patients who received at least one dose of LARTRUVO across clinical trials. For 68 of these 70 patients (97%), the first occurrence of IRR was in the first or second cycle. Grade ≥3 IRR occurred in 11 (2.3%) of 485 patients, with one (0.2%) fatality. Symptoms of IRR included flushing, shortness of breath, bronchospasm, or fever/chills, and in severe cases symptoms manifested as severe hypotension, anaphylactic shock, or cardiac arrest. Infusion-related reactions required permanent discontinuation in 2.3% of patients and interruption of infusion in 10% of patients. All 59 patients with Grade 1 or 2 IRR resumed LARTRUVO; 12 (20%) of these patients had a Grade 1 or 2 IRR with rechallenge. The incidence of IRR in the overall safety database (N = 485) was similar (18% versus 12%) between those who did (56%) and those who did not (44%) receive premedication. Monitor patients during and following LARTRUVO infusion for signs and symptoms of IRR in a setting with available resuscitation equipment. Immediately and permanently discontinue LARTRUVO for Grade 3 or 4 IRR. Embryo-Fetal Toxicity Based on animal data and its mechanism of action, LARTRUVO can cause fetal harm when administered to a pregnant woman. Animal knockout models link disruption of platelet-derived growth factor receptor alpha (PDGFR-α) signaling to adverse effects on embryo-fetal development. Administration of an anti-murine PDGFR-α antibody to pregnant mice during organogenesis caused malformations and skeletal variations. Advise pregnant women of the potential risk to a fetus. Advise females of reproductive potential to use effective contraception during treatment with LARTRUVO and for 3 months after the last dose. Most Common Adverse Reactions/Lab Abnormalities The most commonly reported adverse reactions (all grades; grade 3-4) occurring in ≥20% of patients receiving LARTRUVO plus doxorubicin versus doxorubicin alone were nausea (73% vs 52%; 2% vs 3%), fatigue (69% vs 69%; 9% vs 3%), musculoskeletal pain (64% vs 25%; 8% vs 2%), mucositis (53% vs 35%; 3% vs 5%), alopecia (52% vs 40%; 0% vs 0%), vomiting (45% vs 19%; 0% vs 0%), diarrhea (34% vs 23%; 3% vs 0%) decreased appetite (31% vs 20%; 2% vs 0%), abdominal pain (23% vs 14%; 3% vs 0%), neuropathy (22% vs 11%; 0% vs 0%), and headache (20% vs 9%; 0% vs 0%). The most common laboratory abnormalities (all grades; grade 3-4) occurring in ≥20% of patients receiving LARTRUVO plus doxorubicin versus doxorubicin alone were lymphopenia (77% vs 73%; 44% vs 37%), neutropenia (65% vs 63%; 48% vs 38%) and thrombocytopenia (63% vs 44%; 6% vs 11%), hyperglycemia (52% vs 28%; 2% vs 3%), elevated aPTT (33% vs 13%; 5% vs 0%), hypokalemia (21% vs 15%; 8% vs 3%), and hypophosphatemia (21% vs 7%; 5% vs 3%). Use in Specific Populations Lactation: Because of the potential risk for serious adverse reactions in breastfeeding infants, advise women not to breastfeed during treatment with LARTRUVO and for at least 3 months following the last dose. For more information about LARTRUVO, please see full Prescribing Information at http://pi.lilly.com/us/lartruvo-uspi.pdf. OR HCP ISI 19OCT2016 About Lilly Oncology For more than 50 years, Lilly has been dedicated to delivering life-changing medicines and support to people living with cancer and those who care for them. Lilly is determined to build on this heritage and continue making life better for all those affected by cancer around the world. To learn more about Lilly's commitment to people with cancer, please visit www.LillyOncology.com. About Eli Lilly and Company Lilly is a global healthcare leader that unites caring with discovery to make life better for people around the world. We were founded more than a century ago by a man committed to creating high-quality medicines that meet real needs, and today we remain true to that mission in all our work. Across the globe, Lilly employees work to discover and bring life-changing medicines to those who need them, improve the understanding and management of disease, and give back to communities through philanthropy and volunteerism. To learn more about Lilly, please visit us at www.lilly.com and newsroom.lilly.com/social-channels. P-LLY KEYTRUDA® is a registered trademark of Merck Sharp & Dohme Corp., a subsidiary of Merck & Co., Inc. Lilly Forward-Looking Statement This press release contains "forward-looking statements" (as that term is defined in the United States Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995) regarding the research collaborations between Lilly and Merck evaluating LARTRUVO (olaratumab) with KEYTRUDA (pembrolizumab), pemetrexed (plus carboplatin) and pembrolizumab, ramucirumab with pembrolizumab, necitumumab with pembrolizumab, and abemaciclib with pembrolizumab, and reflects Lilly's current beliefs. However, there are substantial risks and uncertainties in the process of drug research, development and commercialization. Among other risks, there can be no guarantee that these investigational combination regimens will receive regulatory approval, or, if approved, will achieve intended benefits or become commercially successful. For further discussion of these and other risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from Lilly's expectations, please see the company's latest Forms 10-K and 10-Q filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission. Except as required by law, Lilly undertakes no duty to update forward-looking statements for events occurring after the date of this release.   Refer to:  Karen Glowacki; kglowacki@lilly.com; (317) 370-1177 (media) Philip L. Johnson; philip_johnson_l@lilly.com; (317) 655-6874 (investors)   SOURCE Eli Lilly and Company RELATED LINKS http://www.lilly.com View Table Fullscreen View Table Fullscreen Journalists and Bloggers The news you need, when you need it. Join PR Newswire for Journalists to access all of the free services designated to make your job easier. In need of subject matter experts for your story? Submit a free ProfNet request and find the sources you need. LEARN MORE Jan 12, 2017, 11:05 ET Preview: U.S. Court of Appeals Rules In Lilly's Favor On Alimta Vitamin Regimen Patent Jan 05, 2017, 16:45 ET Preview: Lilly Confirms Date and Conference Call for Fourth-Quarter 2016 Financial Results Announcement My News Release contains wide tables. View fullscreen. Read More Jan 13, 2017, 16:51 ET U.S. FDA Extends Review Period for Baricitinib, an... Jan 12, 2017, 11:05 ET U.S. Court of Appeals Rules In Lilly's Favor On Alimta Vitamin... Jan 05, 2017, 16:45 ET Lilly Confirms Date and Conference Call for Fourth-Quarter 2016... Looking to send a news release with PR Newswire? Take advantage of the world's leading distribution platform. Sign up to get started Request more information Have an account? Log In Phone 8AM - 10PM ET +1-888-776-0942 Send a Release Sign Up Blog For Journalists Contact Us Search Searching for your content... Advanced Search Contact 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Chat Online with an Expert Contact Us Solutions Cision Communication Cloud™ For Marketers For Public Relations For IR & Compliance For Agency For Small Business All Products About About PR Newswire About Cision Become a Publishing Partner Become a Channel Partner Careers   Global Sites Asia Brazil Canada Europe Finland France India Israel Mexico Middle East Netherlands Sweden United Kingdom My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Terms of Use Privacy Policy Information Security Policy Statement Site Map RSS Feeds Copyright © 2017 PR Newswire Association LLC. All Rights Reserved. A Cision company. News Solutions Resources News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News dansk Deutsch español Français italiano Nederlands norsk português suomeksi svenska Phone +1-888-776-0942 8AM - 10PM ET Chat Chat Online with an Expert All contact info Send a ReleaseLog In
X Edition: United States Business Business Home Legal Deals Aerospace & Defense Finance Autos Reuters Summits ADventures Data Dive Markets Markets Home U.S. Markets European Markets Asian Markets Global Market Data Indices Stocks Bonds Currencies Commodities Futures Funds Earnings Dividends World World Home U.S. Special Reports Reuters Investigates Euro Zone Middle East China Japan Mexico Brazil Africa Russia India Politics Politics Home Election 2016 Polling Explorer Just In: Election 2016 What Voters Want Supreme Court Tech Technology Home Science Top 100 Global Innovators Environment Innovation Commentary Commentary Home Podcasts Breakingviews Breakingviews Home Breakingviews Video Money Money Home Retirement Lipper Awards Analyst Research Stock Screener Fund Screener Life Health Sports Arts Entertainment Oddly Enough Pictures Pictures Home The Wider Image Photographers Focus 360 Video Merck leapfrogs rivals in lung cancer drug combination race Africa América Latina عربي Argentina Brasil Canada 中国 Deutschland España France India Italia 日本 México РОССИЯ United Kingdom United States Health News | Wed Jan 11, 2017 | 9:56am EST Merck leapfrogs rivals in lung cancer drug combination race By Bill Berkrot and Ben Hirschler Merck & Co has pulled ahead of rivals in the race to combine immunotherapy with other drugs as a treatment for lung cancer, potentially giving it a major lift in the battle for the largest cancer market. U.S. regulators have agreed to a speedy review of Merck's application to combine its immune system-boosting drug Keytruda with chemotherapy as an initial therapy for advanced lung cancer, the U.S. drugmaker said. Merck said the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) would decide by May 10 whether to approve its Keytruda combination treatment, sending the company's stock 5 percent higher in early U.S. trading on Wednesday. Shares in companies working on competing immunotherapy-based combinations for lung cancer fell back, with Bristol-Myers Squibb down 2 percent, while Roche and AstraZeneca lost around 0.5 percent. Immunotherapy is revolutionizing some areas of cancer care but giving it on its own only seems to work better than chemotherapy in previously untreated lung cancer patients who have high levels of a protein called PD-L1. Since just a quarter to a third of non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC) patients have tumors with at least 50 percent of cells producing PD-L1, around 70 percent of the market is still up for grabs for successful combination products. Analysts at Evercore ISI estimate the market for first-line lung cancer for all patients could be as high as $14 billion. Although Merck presented good results from a mid-stage Phase II trial for its Keytruda-chemotherapy combination at conference in Denmark in October, many analysts had thought it would need to wait for data from a larger Phase III study before filing. "This comes as an important surprise because if FDA approves the application, Merck would suddenly be catapulted ahead of all other (immunotherapy) competitors who are also pursuing competing combination regimens of their own," said Bernstein analyst Tim Anderson. Merck had not previously indicated that it was close to filing for the combination therapy and analysts had been looking for this news toward the end of 2017. RISKS REMAIN Jefferies analyst Jeffrey Holford agreed the early move was positive for Merck but said an approval was "high risk", given several weaknesses in the small Phase II study. Merck's early move, if successful, could change the dynamics of the marketplace, since it had been assumed that so-called CTLA4 combinations from AstraZeneca and Bristol-Myers would be approved before chemotherapy ones. AstraZeneca's closely watched Phase III study of its two drugs durvalumab and tremelimumab is due to report results in the first half of this year, while Bristol-Myers and Roche are also expected to have data during 2017. Merck's Keytruda alone is already approved as an initial, or first-line, treatment for advanced lung cancer in patients whose tumors have a high level of PD-L1 expression, the protein that the drug targets to help the immune system fight cancer. "While Merck is unlikely to durably penetrate this entire population, especially with multiple competing regimens on the horizon, an approval in May would give them a significant first-mover advantage," said Evercore analyst John Scotti. (Reporting by Bill Berkrot; Editing by James Dalgleish/Keith Weir) Next In Health News Bulgaria reports virulent bird flu at over 50 farms, culling 430,000 poultry SOFIA A virulent bird flu virus has spread to 55 poultry farms in Bulgaria prompting the veterinary authorities to announce a cull of some 430,000 birds since it was first detected in the middle of December, agriculture minister Dessislava Taneva said on Saturday. U.S. Supreme Court agrees to hear dispute over biologic drug sales NEW YORK The U.S. Supreme Court on Friday agreed to hear a dispute over whether companies that make copycat versions of biologic drugs must wait six months after winning federal approval to begin selling them. Hundreds of cats quarantined in New York City bird flu outbreak NEW YORK Hundreds of domestic cats have been quarantined in New York City after contracting a strain of highly contagious avian flu at shelters operated by a major animal rescue organization, and the virus also infected at least one veterinarian, officials said. MORE FROM REUTERS Sponsored Content From Around the Web Promoted by Taboola Trending Stories Photos of the week Photos of the week Sponsored Topics X Follow Reuters: Follow Us On Twitter Follow Us On Facebook Follow Us On RSS Follow Us On Instagram Follow Us On YouTube Follow Us On LinkedIn Subscribe: Feeds | Newsletters | Podcasts | Apps Reuters News Agency | Brand Attribution Guidelines Reuters is the news and media division of Thomson Reuters. Thomson Reuters is the world's largest international multimedia news agency, providing investing news, world news, business news, technology news, headline news, small business news, news alerts, personal finance, stock market, and mutual funds information available on Reuters.com, video, mobile, and interactive television platforms. Learn more about Thomson Reuters products: Eikon Information, analytics and exclusive news on financial markets - delivered in an intuitive desktop and mobile interface Elektron Everything you need to empower your workflow and enhance your enterprise data management World-Check Screen for heightened risk individual and entities globally to help uncover hidden risks in business relationships and human networks Westlaw Build the strongest argument relying on authoritative content, attorney-editor expertise, and industry defining technology ONESOURCE The most comprehensive solution to manage all your complex and ever-expanding tax and compliance needs CHECKPOINT The industry leader for online information for tax, accounting and finance professionals All quotes delayed a minimum of 15 minutes. See here for a complete list of exchanges and delays. Site Feedback Corrections Advertising Guidelines AdChoices Terms of Use Privacy Policy
  Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Wires Home My Profile Logout Login Feedback DailyMail NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad Merck leapfrogs rivals in lung cancer drug combination race By Reuters Published: 09:56 EST, 11 January 2017 | Updated: 09:56 EST, 11 January 2017 e-mail 5 shares By Bill Berkrot and Ben Hirschler Jan 11 (Reuters) - Merck & Co has pulled ahead of rivals in the race to combine immunotherapy with other drugs as a treatment for lung cancer, potentially giving it a major lift in the battle for the largest cancer market. U.S. regulators have agreed to a speedy review of Merck's application to combine its immune system-boosting drug Keytruda with chemotherapy as an initial therapy for advanced lung cancer, the U.S. drugmaker said. Merck said the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) would decide by May 10 whether to approve its Keytruda combination treatment, sending the company's stock 5 percent higher in early U.S. trading on Wednesday. Shares in companies working on competing immunotherapy-based combinations for lung cancer fell back, with Bristol-Myers Squibb down 2 percent, while Roche and AstraZeneca lost around 0.5 percent. Immunotherapy is revolutionising some areas of cancer care but giving it on its own only seems to work better than chemotherapy in previously untreated lung cancer patients who have high levels of a protein called PD-L1. Since just a quarter to a third of non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC) patients have tumours with at least 50 percent of cells producing PD-L1, around 70 percent of the market is still up for grabs for successful combination products. Analysts at Evercore ISI estimate the market for first-line lung cancer for all patients could be as high as $14 billion. Although Merck presented good results from a mid-stage Phase II trial for its Keytruda-chemotherapy combination at conference in Denmark in October, many analysts had thought it would need to wait for data from a larger Phase III study before filing. "This comes as an important surprise because if FDA approves the application, Merck would suddenly be catapulted ahead of all other (immunotherapy) competitors who are also pursuing competing combination regimens of their own," said Bernstein analyst Tim Anderson. Merck had not previously indicated that it was close to filing for the combination therapy and analysts had been looking for this news toward the end of 2017. RISKS REMAIN Jefferies analyst Jeffrey Holford agreed the early move was positive for Merck but said an approval was "high risk", given several weaknesses in the small Phase II study. Merck's early move, if successful, could change the dynamics of the marketplace, since it had been assumed that so-called CTLA4 combinations from AstraZeneca and Bristol-Myers would be approved before chemotherapy ones. AstraZeneca's closely watched Phase III study of its two drugs durvalumab and tremelimumab is due to report results in the first half of this year, while Bristol-Myers and Roche are also expected to have data during 2017. Merck's Keytruda alone is already approved as an initial, or first-line, treatment for advanced lung cancer in patients whose tumours have a high level of PD-L1 expression, the protein that the drug targets to help the immune system fight cancer. "While Merck is unlikely to durably penetrate this entire population, especially with multiple competing regimens on the horizon, an approval in May would give them a significant first-mover advantage," said Evercore analyst John Scotti. (Reporting by Bill Berkrot; Editing by James Dalgleish/Keith Weir) Share or comment on this article e-mail 5 shares Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article. Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail     DON'T MISS 'It's a huge shock': Binky Felstead reveals she is expecting her first baby with on/off co-star Josh Patterson... but they're 'still not officially together' PICTURE EXCLUSIVE Kourtney Kardashian, 37, wears a sheer bra for late-night rendezvous with former flame Justin Bieber, 22 'I was on the verge of a breakdown' : Olly Murs' mother reveals her heartache that son Ben has disowned the family over X Factor row Katy Perry debuts dramatic blonde dye-job as she surprise Orlando Bloom with a secret 40th birthday bash in Palm Springs Scarlet siren! Myleene Klass flaunts her enviably toned figure in skimpy red bikini as she goes body-boarding during exotic family getaway in Sri Lanka 'He's so proud of her': Danniella Westbrook set to appear on Loose Women with son Kai as she continues comeback following cocaine relapse Lewis Hamilton turns heads in bright yellow hoodie while arriving at LAX... as 'Valtteri Bottas' switch from Williams to Mercedes is set to be clarified' Paris Hilton flaunts her slender waist and endless legs in gold-embroidered LBD as she attends Milan Men's Fashion Week  'Show us the chopper!': Chloe Ferry demands Jamie O'Hara flashes his manhood... as Kim Woodburn and James Cosmo blast her 'gross' behaviour 'I'm gutted with myself!': CBB's James Jordan apologises to Jamie O'Hara after 'mugging him off' by calling him a 'washed-up footballer' Blac Chyna only has eyes for Rob Kardashian as the couple pack on the PDA for a flight to NYC The pair looked besotted at JFK airport Sunday 'We didn't go out of our way to keep it secret': Katherine Kelly reveals she has given birth to a second child called Rose after keeping pregnancy under wraps Baby and me! Olivia Wilde snuggles her newborn protectively as she enjoys a brisk walk in frosty Brooklyn Daisy in tow for the Sunday stroll Elizabeth Hurley, 51, looks incredibly youthful in blue midi dress with cross-shoulder detail as she attends Milan Men's Fashion Week Have Ellen DeGeneres and wife Portia de Rossi found an Australian home? Talk show host and actress request an inspection of $5.8 million Victoria mansion  'I can't work out whether it's amazing, genius or the worst episode I've seen!': Sherlock fans go wild over 'gory' series finale  New John le Carre spy drama for TV: BBC to follow up success of The Night Manager with adaptation of The Spy Who Came In From The Cold  'I have literally nothing to hide': Fitspo star Kayla Itsines opens up about the benefits of her drink and drug-free lifestyle as she poses for stunning shoot in Vogue Australia Josie Gibson winces as she suffers a nasty fall during training for The Jump in Austria... as Eddie 'The Eagle' Edwards is 'AXED from disaster-prone show for voicing safety concerns 'I still have a hangover!' Rebecca Judd complains about her 'rough day' after partying at the Portsea Polo as she laments about returning to work  'You're a fat slob!': CBB's Kim Woodburn and James Jordan become embroiled in a furious row with the cleaner claiming 'no one can stomach him'  Married at last? Sonia Kruger, 51 sparks speculation she has wed long-term partner Craig McPherson after stepping out while sporting a ring on THAT finger Wet 'n' wild! Alessandra Ambrosio displays her flawless physique in very tiny black bikini as she enjoys a dip in the sea in Brazil PICTURE EXCLUSIVE Kristin Cavallari relaxes in a bikini as she hires a yacht to celebrate Jay Cutler's 30th With their three young children Getting pizza all over her frock, 'shooing away' a cocktail waitress and interrupting interviews: Nicole Kidman's 'bizarre behaviour' at the Golden Globes revealed One piece wonder! Kelly Bensimon, 49, flaunts her figure in sexy black one piece with hip side cutouts Proved you don't need a bikini to look sexy Tamara Ecclestone shares cute pictures of her daughter Sophia, 2, showing off her skiing skills before enjoying a pony ride in Gstaad Enjoying Switzerland Making a stellar appearance! Nicole Richie snuggles up in star-spangled unicorn onesie at pyjama party Held hands with rocker husband, Joel Madden Dressed down Kylie Jenner giggles as she enjoys a night out at a burger joint with boyfriend Tyga She's notan expensive date. A royal faux pas? The Crown's Matt Smith spotted smoking 'suspicious looking cigarette' outside a London pub while on a night out with pals  Moving Swift-ly on? Giggling Tom Hiddleston is spotted bidding farewell to a mystery brunette during evening stroll back in London 'Mariah's filled with regret over James': Carey has 'reached out' to ex-fiance Packer to help her brand recover after New Year's Eve lip-syncing saga Church time! Gwen Stefani is a model mum in plaid as she attends worship services with her three sons Headed to church in Los Angeles on Sunday 'She's finally happy again': Cassandra Thorburn is willing to forgive ex-husband Karl Stefanovic and move on following their high profile split Hidden Figures counts up $20.5 million as it holds on to top spot at the box office for a second weekend About mathematicians who helped NASA put John Glenn into space  The reality of Instagram! Pia Muehlenbeck's hilarious before and after shots reveal what REALLY happens when models try to take the perfect beach shot 'Pajama jammy jam!' Kourtney Kardashian cuddles up to Kim's bestie Chrissy Teigen at Cash Warren's star-studded PJ party 'I will be ok!' Priyanka Chopra updates fans after dangerous fall on Quantico set left her with concussion Left hospitalised after a nasty fall  'I left the hospital looking 5 months pregnant': Peta Murgatroyd says 'real life' means female bodies don't just shrink back into shape Former TOWIE star Abi Clarke flaunts her eye-popping assets as she goes braless in extreme plunging playsuit and thigh-highs on night out She's got a lot of cheek! Bikini clad Holly Hagan flaunts her perky derriere in sizzling belfies during romantic breakaway to Thailand 'She's like my wife!' Amanda Peet describes relationship with BFF Sarah Paulson as 'intense and visceral' after THAT Golden Globes red carpet kiss 'I don't want to be at the centre of attention': Amanda Seyfried opens up about her upcoming wedding to Thomas Sadoski as she stuns in Prada on the cover of Vogue Australia Shedding for the wedding? Bonnie Sveen reveals her dramatic slim-down amid rumours her boyfriend Nathan Gooley is ready to pop the question Ariana Grande showcases her slender pins in sexy Instagram to promote her Dangerous Woman Tour Sultry shot of herself donning a black unitard 'Fastest retirement in history': Steven Jacobs returns to Today's weather segment less than two months after departing to live in Vanuatu 'Back in action': Yolanda Hadid shares behind the scenes shot as she joins daughter Gigi on Tommy Hilfiger shoot 'Causing trouble with him': Louise Thompson flaunts her toned body in yet ANOTHER workout video with beau Ryan Libbey... as she claims she's gained weight on holiday 'If I don't get a husband after this...': Jessica Wright embodies Christina Aguilera in raunchy leather chaps on new show Dance Dance Dance Is the sun setting on Sam and Kochie? Sunrise co-host David Koch 'wants Armytage replaced with Edwina Bartholomew' as ratings battle with Today Show's Karl and Lisa heats up Always camera ready! Jennifer Lopez turns shopping trip into a modelling shoot as she poses against a wall   Jennifer Lopez doesn't do casual. 'A bit of graft and willpower': Vicky Pattison shows off her incredibly toned figure in a sexy orange bikini at health retreat in Portugal after vowing to lose 10lbs 2DayFM 'under fire' after it's revealed new 'Sydney' breakfast show will be broadcast from Melbourne after Sam Frost and Rove McManus get dumped Amanda Seyfried shows off her bump in a grey sweater on outing with fiancé Thomas Sadoski Confirmed her first pregnancy in November 'No greater blessing than family!' Ciara's boy supports stepdad Russell Wilson's team... while his birth father Future backs the other side She's back! Kim Kardashian is her old self again as she sits astride a buggy and poses with a falcon on Dubai modelling shoot 'They're speaking all the time': Blake Garvey has been a 'shoulder to cry on' for Sam Frost following Bachelorette's split from Sasha Mielczarek Bikini-clad Billie Lourd holds hands with Taylor Lautner on sunshine break after the death of mother Carrie Fisher Mourning her mother and grandmother They played in Chelsea! Frankie Bridge celebrates her 27th birthday with retired footballer husband Wayne  Tina Fey pays tribute to Carrie Fisher as she appears in hologram form on Saturday Night Live Admitted she was 'nervous' about the gig Three generations of Beckham! David returns to Old Trafford with son Cruz and dad Ted as the trio watch Manchester United take on Liverpool 'Of course it's f*****g good to challenge your audience!' Sherlock creator Mark Gatiss slams fans who find the show confusing... and tells them to 'go read a children's book' 'Pound Shop today Harrods tomorrow!' Katie Price wraps up in a cosy designer ensemble during cut-price weekend shopping trip Looking bootyful! Kim Kardashian shows off her shapely rear in a form fitting white dress She's officially back at work, with a whirlwind tour of Dubai. 'Spray tan lyfe!' Ashley Graham strips down to her bikini as she flaunts her freshly tanned figure The plus-size stunner is a positive body image activist Prince George 'WON'T attend the same school as his father as Kate and William opt for smaller, more discreet pre-prep closer to Kensington Palace'  So good it's criminal! Busty Lauren Goodger flaunts her hourglass curves in saucy selfie... after supporting violent rap song penned by jailbird boyfriend's brother Before she shot to fame: Nicola McLean totes rifle as teen army cadet in newly-unveiled snaps... as pal Maria Fowler insists Tom Williams won't leave her over CBB flirting It's Kueen Kim! Kardashian is treated to a dance display as she gets the royal welcome in Dubai Now she knows how Kate Middleton feels EXCLUSIVE! Jessica Cunningham 'pretended she was sick' in order to ditch an online chat show deal at the last minute to enter the Big Brother house PJ-clad Jessica Alba plays beer pong at husband Cash Warren's birthday bash Also included a clip of designer Rachel Zoe engaging in the  sport Louise Thompson shows off her toned and tanned body in ANOTHER sun-soaked bikini snap on  break with boyfriend Ryan Libbey 'You just don't feel sexy!' The Hills star Audrina Patridge dishes on her love life after birth of baby daughter Kirra Thrill seeker! Ariel Winter squeals with delight as she takes her niece to Disneyland on her sixth birthday She was treating her to a day out Very cheeky! Chloe Madeley flashes her round posterior in racy grey swimsuit as she shares saucy belfie Flaunted her toned physique  Bare-faced beauty! Chloe Moretz keeps it casual in ripped sweatshirt and leggings Actress proved she doesn't need make-up or fancy clothes Getting fruity! Mollie King larks around with a pair of oranges in a skimpy bikini showing off her tanned flat stomach on holiday in Jamaica 'She's evil!': Scotty T slams 'thick' Geordie Shore co-star Chloe Ferry... after she left viewers DISGUSTED with her raunchy CBB antics Beefcake in Milan! Paris Hilton cosies up to muscle-bound models at Plein Sport runway show The reality TV icon later DJed the Sesto Sento Club in Lonato Former Corrie actress Katie Redford lands a new role on Archers after being axed from soap for lying about her age Axed two years ago She's got a lot of cheek! Bikini clad Holly Hagan flaunts her perky derriere and ample assets in sizzling selfie during sun soaked trip to Thailand He doesn't do things by halves! Rocco Ritchie can't contain his laughter as he breaks his skateboard in two while out and about in London MIC's Nicola Hughes puts on a leggy display in a chic olive dress as she enjoys a night out on the town Fun for all the family! Vanessa Paradis and new boyfriend Samuel Benchetrit appear downcast as they take Lily Rose Depp for a day of shopping in Paris Some helping hands! Blac Chyna heads to the mall with TWO nannies to help look after son King Cairo and baby Dream 'You're a very handsome man, aren't you?' CBB's Chloe Ferry flirts up a storm with bemused Calum Best... and offers to flash her VAGINA to everyone Christina Milian flaunts her ample cleavage in a saucy ensemble as she parties with BFF Karrueche Tran Thigh-grazing latex mini skirt 'She is smitten': Amber Heard said to be besotted with billionaire Elon Musk... as she prepares for 'new chapter' following Johnny Depp divorce Booty and the beach! Shirtless Gaz Beadle gets VERY tactile with bikini-clad girlfriend Emma McVey as he cheekily gropes her bum during romantic Emirates break The Apprentice's Frances Bishop displays her endless curves and perky posterior in skimpy bikini during sun soaked break to Dubai  Suki Waterhouse flaunts her tanned and toned physique in a skimpy bikini as she jogs along the beach in Mexico Went for a run along the Mayan Riviera Scarlett Moffatt highlights her dramatically slimmed down frame in a plunging floral minidress after making appearance on Sunday Brunch Plaid to see you! Pregnant Natalie Portman covers her large baby bump in a stylish checked jacket as she goes for leisurely park stroll Actress Emily Watson insists middle-aged sexuality is 'ignored' as she takes on new role as a cheating mother in racy BBC thriller  X Factor winner Matt Terry gets a kiss from a male pal as he enjoys a night out... after revealing Freddy Parker is moving out of their bachelor pad Lindsay Lohan cuts a chic figure in a quirky dog print co-ord as she enjoys a night out with a male friend in Milan   She's currently holidaying in one of the world's most stylish cities It's Compl-Ex! Danielle Bux grabs lunch with former husband-turned pal Gary Lineker in LA as they continue their budding friendship... then joins new man Nate Greenwald for dinner Lily James cuts a concerned figure as she talks anxiously on the phone...after boyfriend Matt Smith is spotted 'smoking suspicious cigarette'  Scarlett Moffatt looks slimmer than ever in all black ensemble as she hits the town with mum Betty... after fans urged 'gaunt' star to stop losing weight Shock for Harry's girl: Meghan Markle's BROTHER is arrested and charged with holding a gun to a woman's head 'in row during late night drinking session at his flat' Prince William will give up his career as a helicopter pilot to become a full-time royal as Queen hands over duties Girls' shopping trip! Katie Holmes takes daughter Suri Cruise to children's clothing store in LA Spotted on Saturday enjoying a bit of weekend quality time Mariah Carey sports plunging LBD as she and toyboy Bryan Tanaka step out in London Displayed her figure in a form-fitting dress  Pretty in pink! Lindsay Lohan steps out in sexy silky ensemble in Milan The 30-year-old former wild-child was spotted looking pretty in pink as she left her hotel in Milan PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Victoria Beckham wraps up in winter white polo neck as she enjoys girly day shopping with daughter Harper Back from the Maldives Sylvester Stallone's daughters Sophia, 20, and Sistine, 18, sizzles in coordinating black ensembles alongside their mother Jennifer at star-studded Dolce & Gabbana party Hunky dory: Hollywood heartthrobs Chris Hemsworth and Matt Damon catch up over dinner in LA with Chris' wife Elsa Pataky Blac Chyna in the red? Star threatened with lawsuit for $3million in 'unpaid fees' as 'longtime managers' claim she 'cut them out' of lucrative deals Gwen Stefani's ex-husband, Daisy Lowe's father, the singer from Bush, and now the coach contestants don't really want...Gavin Rossdale joins The Voice UK, by Jim Shelley Heard what James said? Pierce Brosnan looks stern during press conference... after chatshow host Corden labels him 'rudest' celebrity Sid Owen celebrates his 45th birthday by partying in London with pals including Jade Jones and Leigh Francis  Progress report! Justin Bieber checks in on protégé Madison Beer over dinner at trendy Catch LA BBC brands its OWN show 's**t' in awkward Twitter blunder as they retweet Let It Shine criticism  Danielle Lloyd snuggles up to fiancé Michael O'Neill on night out... as she admits to being a 'crazy b***h' after online trolls began targeting her when ex Jamie O'Hara entered CBB Why I never let Claudia Winkleman look in the mirror as a child: The Strictly host's mother EVE POLLARD says it's the best thing you can do for your daughters  'The day my world became complete': Stephanie Davis posts first adorable snap of baby boy... 'after revealing she'll name  son after stranger who chatted her up' 'Love on the sand': Photoshop enthusiast Natasha Oakley puts on a loved up display with beau Gilles Souteyrand  as she continues to holiday in the Caribbean Pajama party! Chrissy Teigen and John Legend rock ridiculous chicken themed onesies in hilarious snaps Georgia May Foote cosies up to new boyfriend George Alsford in a series of sunny snaps from romantic holiday Lisa Rinna, 53, sizzles in skintight leather trousers alongside her model daughter Delilah, 18, as they dine in LA 'Starting to see the results and it feels so good!' Jennifer Ellison reveals her slimmer physique after losing more than a stone in ONE month Actress Lily Collins: 'My famous surname made me work harder' Drummer's daughter was top of screen legend Warren Beatty's casting list for latest film 'Sometimes I can't breathe': Danielle Lloyd claims she has panic attacks and is 'too frightened' to leave the house due to trolling since ex Jamie O'Hara  appeared on CBB Bottoms up! Kirsten Dunst flaunts her toned pins and perky derriere in skintight denims as she hides her jaw-dropping engagement ring in LA 'When she's had a few drinks, she's crazy': CBB's Jamie O'Hara slams ex-wife Danielle Lloyd as he claims she's 'absolutely crackers' on a night out Eagle-eyed fans point out embarrassing EastEnders gaffe... as Mick Carter celebrates his 40th birthday on the WRONG date Fierce fashion instincts! Mandy Moore rocks chic animal print gown at Elle's Women in Television honors Pink throws daughter Willow Sage celebratory 'big sister party' as she lovingly cradles newborn son Jameson Moon Victoria Beckham 'takes legal action to block Spice Girls reunion'... as Geri Horner announces she's leaving GEM to focus on her family' 'It's nice to feel you've got support!' One Direction's Louis Tomlinson praises former bandmate Zayn Malik as he wins two nominations at 2017 BRIT Awards Spellbinding! Jessica Biel shows off her shapely legs in cut-out skirt as she attends premiere party for Just Add Magic EXCLUSIVE: ITV stalwarts Phillip Schofield and Holly Willoughby can't contain their laughter as they join glamorous Lorraine Kelly in new promo Kim Kardashian's former bodyguard breaks his silence on Paris robbery and says he's 'not avoiding anything' about the heist or WHY he was sacked 'I trained her like an athlete': Khloe Kardashian's trainer spills the secrets behind the star's enviable body - including countless squats, 'sled pushing' and intense boxing Beach bum! Instagram sensation Pia Muehlenbeck flaunts pert posterior and ample assets oceanside 'I wish R.I.P. meant Return If Possible': Celine Dion unveils powerful new a cappella song in tribute to late husband Rene one year after his death 'It's an uphill struggle': Sienna Miller reveals she hasn't filmed a movie for a year claiming there 'aren't many great roles for women' Run Daniel, run! James Bond star Craig makes a dash for it through the busy streets to make it to the New York Theater in time for his performance in Othello Make-up free Kate Hudson bundles up in all black with red cap as she steps out with Kurt Russell in Beverly Hills 'When you have a rare cappuccino': Ronan Keating's pregnant wife Storm sips on coffee as she heads into her third trimester in a matter of weeks 'Thanks Uncle Snoop!' Miley Cyrus poses by a marijuana bar at weed-themed birthday party for boyfriend Liam Hemsworth Lamar Odom says the first he knew of his near fatal drugs overdose was waking up to find Khloé Kardashian at his side in hospital Sneak peak interview 'Bringin' the 80's back!' Lauren Pope flaunts her pert derriere in sizzling neon swimsuit as she enjoys Dubai holiday with new Geordie Shore beau Aaron Chalmers Pregnant Billie Faiers displays her blossoming baby bump in black bikini after jetting to Dubai for her 27th birthday celebration Brad Pitt looks relaxed as he hangs out with Sting and Chris Cornell at star-studded EB disease benefit in Malibu 'Current mood': Naomi Watts shares flashack photo of herself as a bored schoolgirl in Brides of Christ as she complains about being on set past midnight  'You're in the wrong, just shut up!' Kim Woodburn throws EPIC tantrum after Geordie Shore's Chloe Ferry 'soaks' her by jumping into the CBB hot tub Move over sisters! Kendall Jenner steals the Kardashian spotlight with racy HEADLESS bikini selfie that forces followers to check out her body Orange you glad she came! Shailene Woodley sizzles in vibrant statement coat at star-studded Elle's Women in Television bash 'I heard nothing and saw everything!' Twitter goes wild as Roxanne Pallett's actor ex strips off to reveal his rippling muscles after making it through on Let It Shine Love is in the air! Matthew McConaughey looks casually cool in a stylish camel coat as he and wife Camilla Alves jet over to New York City 'She was her enemy': Elizabeth Taylor 'disliked' Sophia Loren as she feared the siren could steal love Richard Burton away, new book claims 'I'm gutted!': Emma Willis reveals disappointment over Austin Armacost's shock eviction from CBB... as show bosses face backlash for his awkward exit GIRL ABOUT TOWN: Is Sheridan Smith pregnant? The 35-year-old actress is seen regularly rubbing her stomach while singing Selena Gomez and The Weeknd's romance didn't break the friend code with Bella Hadid... because 'they're only acquaintances' GIRL ABOUT TOWN: Harry and Meghan are set to slope off for a romantic break... but poor old William may miss his Alpine adventure with Kate  'Grooming day!': Jenna Dewan Tatum shows off flawless make-up free face during futuristic-like skin session From Hollywood to Bollywood! Ruby Rose reveals she has ambitions to cut it in Asian market Classic colors! Reese Witherspoon and Nicole Kidman shine in black and white ensembles at Elle's Women in Television celebration 'HAPPY Z DAY'! Taylor Swift celebrates Zayn Malik's birthday by teasing their Fifty Shades Darker music video Spot the rock! Kate Mara sports a large ring glinting on her left hand as it emerges that she is engaged to Fantastic Four co-star Jamie Bell Another baby on the way! Jeff Goldblum, 64, is expecting second child with wife Emilie Livingston, 33 Announcement on Instagram 'They're giving things another go': Stevi Ritchie and Chloe-Jasmine Whichello 'are back together'... four months after calling off their engagement 'My babies': Blac Chyna cuddles up to her nine-week-old daughter Dream and four-year-old son King Cairo in sweet Instagram video Getting ready for Washington DC! Caitlyn Jenner grabs a coffee as she prepares for her appearance at Donald Trump's inauguration Well-dressed in coral Seeking comfort from her sister! Bella Hadid visits Gigi in snowy New York after her ex The Weeknd is spotted kissing Selena Gomez Knowles... Run The World! Sisters Beyonce and Solange go head-to-head as they compete for Best International Female Solo Artist 2017 BRIT Award Bit awkward? Little Mix's Perrie Edwards and ex-fiance Zayn Malik will battle it out for best British single at the 2017 BRIT Awards  Nominations announced Transgender singer Anohni bags nomination for Best British Female at 2017 BRIT Awards... eleven years after she was up for Best British Male White hot! Hailey Baldwin shows off her taut tummy wearing white mesh in stunning retro swimsuit shots Sultry in series of solo posts on Instagram Sofia Richie flaunts lace bra and washboard abs in coordinated tracksuit as she attends Moschino Milan fashion show with Paris Hilton Back in a skintight minidress! Kim Kardashian is curvy in a cream number as she continues touring Dubai after $1,600 makeup masterclass She's back! Mandy Moore returns as Rapunzel in new Tangled: Before Ever After trailer Back in the gym! Ashley Graham kicks off 2017 with workout clip as she keeps her generous curves in check after a month-long holiday Nicola McLean reveals she no longer wears her wedding ring after hubby Tom Williams cheated... while Danielle Lloyd continues their feud on Twitter Let's get cracking! James Jordan and Jedward cause chaos as they break into the main house and egg the kitchen on Celebrity Big Brother 'I did advise': Brian Blessed warned George Lucas about Jar Jar Binks when filming Phantom Menace... and insists Alec Guinness did not hate Star Wars Riding high in Dubai! Kim Kardashian goes for dune buggy ride then plays with a falcon during busy UAE trip Ditches mini for a black top and maroon slacks Get the kid a psychologist': Jeremy McConnell appears bleary eyed as he parties with pals in Thailand as ex Stephanie Davis gives birth to a son 'Working on the bumper!' Vogue Williams displays her peachy posterior in skimpy bodysuit as she continues to train for The Jump 'This is begging for a pun!' Fans get smutty as Katie Price shares snap of hairless cat Dobbi perching on her behind during EIGHTH bum lift  Let one take a selfie! Prince Andrew and ex-wife Sarah Ferguson send out VERY unusual royal thank you cards to well-wishers over Christmas  GIRL ABOUT TOWN: So Royals do carry cash - and wear on-trend trainers! Stylish Duke of Kent, 81, withdraws wads of £20 notes near his Kensington Palace home  Here we go again! Pregnant Geri Horner 'quits Spice Girls reunion and leaves the group for the second time to focus on her family'  Priorities changed Brooklyn Beckham's former flame Sonia Ben Ammar looks effortlessly stylish as she walks for Dolce & Gabbana alongside Sofia Richie at Milan Men's Fashion Week EXCLUSIVE: MIC's Lucy Watson shows off toned and tanned figure skimpy pink bikini as she hits the beach in Barbados with hunky boyfriend James Dunmore 'You're right it does look like a penis!' Cheeky chap Tom Hardy laughs about his phallic signature as he signs autographs at LAX 'Things have to change': Reese Witherspoon nearly breaks down in tears as she talks importance of representing women on screen 'We're very, very close friends': Nicole Kidman looks lovely in dusty rose dress as she discusses bond with fellow actress Reese Witherspoon Picture purr-fect! Bella Thorne shows off her perfectly toned flat midriff while posing with her cat in makeup-free Snapchat photo New mum Rebekah Vardy leaves hospital alongside her father after welcoming baby boy with England striker Jamie Vardy Picture of health Mad about plaid! Melissa McCarthy, 46, shows off thinner frame in bright pantsuit as she reacts to Gilmore Girls' shocking conclusion Channing Tatum and wife Jenna Dewan coordinate in baseball hats with jeans while running errands with daughter Everly, three The BBC treated Only Fools and Horses stars as 'poor relations', claims Del Boy David Jason as he reveals why he's returned to our screens at 76 Her favorite role! Cate Blanchett gets back to mom duty during break from Broadway's The Present as she's bundled up with her kids in NYC 'He will always be in our hearts': Celine Dion pays tribute to late husband on first anniversary of his death with video full of flashback photos Dakota Fanning returns to TV for upcoming period thriller The Alienist ...15 years after her last regular series role on the small screen 'Be who you are': Paris Hilton flashes side boob in daring dress while sharing inspiring message after being spotted with mystery man in Mexico Head Start to Home Cooked Get Recipes more SHARE PICTURE Copy link to paste in your message Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Network This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Contributors Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
Google+ Singapore Weather Min. 24° | Max. 33° Air Quality: PSI 43-55 We set you thinking Monday 16 January 2017 Read the PDF print edition Main menu hot news Commentary Voices Singapore daily focus China & India World Business Tech Sports Entertainment Lifestyle Blogs Photos Videos Print Edition Management Impact SME Property newstream World South Korea prosecutor indicts NPS chief in political scandal probe 1484529755 China&India Beijing will 'take off the gloves' if Trump continues on Taiwan: China Daily 1484527800 Tech Samsung probe finds battery was main cause of Galaxy Note 7 fires: Source 1484529960 Lifestyle Gordon Ramsay to cook with food waste at pop-up restaurant in London 1484528189 World South Korea former opposition leader holds lead in presidential favorites poll 1484527101 World Trump's offer to Putin: an end to sanctions for nuclear arms cut - London Times 1484527548 World Trump says NATO is obsolete but still 'very important to me' 1484527548 World Trump says Brexit to be 'a great thing', wants quick trade deal with UK 1484524786 World One hand on light switch, Obama isn’t flipping to ‘off’ just yet 1484525760 Business Singapore to prop up South-east Asia’s muted IPO market in 2017 1484526995 World Stark inequality: Oxfam says 8 men as rich as half the world 1484526991 World Are fathers getting a raw deal in the workplace, UK inquiry asks 1484525784 Business Key Samsung shares steady, market awaits South Korea prosecution decision on leader 1484526334 World Trump team may move West Wing briefings to expand capacity 1484523960 Singapore Singapore has world’s 2nd most ‘powerful’ passport: Index 1484525520 World Living standards better growth gauge than GDP, Davos forum says 1484524260 World Obama says U.N. vote didn't rupture U.S.-Israel relations 1484524916 Business World's eight richest as wealthy as half humanity, Oxfam tells Davos 1484525116 Business Luxottica and Essilor to merge in $53 billion deal: FT 1484524335 World What changes under Turkey’s new constitution plan? 1484523395 Business Job cuts, fewer flights? Hong Kong airline Cathay Pacific set for overhaul 1484523391 World Early elections set to be called in Northern Ireland 1484522049 World Trump says Merkel made 'catastrophic mistake' with refugee policy 1484522485 World Death toll from Brazil jail riot at 27, nine injured 1484522361 Business In choosing a job, focus on the fun 1484523096 World Efforts ramped up to monitor fires in Riau, Kalimantan amid haze fears 1484479260 Singapore Poor response to scheme to guide SMEs to attract, retain manpower 1484495460 Lifestyle Chat with a cat? Who could resist? 1484521860 China&India One-China policy non-negotiable, Beijing reminds Trump again 1484510460 Business Sterling skids on Brexit worry; investors await Trump clarity 1484521298 Business Exclusive: Philip Morris jolted by Indian proposal to ban foreign tobacco investment 1484521516 World CIA director warns Trump to watch what he says, be careful on Russia 1484516160 World Trump labels NATO ‘obsolete’ in newspaper interview 1484520989 Sports High-flying pro wrestling star Jimmy ‘Superfly’ Snuka dies at 73 1484520693 Business Trump threatens BMW with border tax on cars built in Mexico 1484518446 World French ex-PM Valls trails in left-wing TV primary debate: poll 1484518110 World Trump says wants nuclear arsenals cut 'very substantially' 1484517828 World Tibet protesters detained in Swiss capital during Xi Jinping visit 1484517484 Business Davos elites struggle for answers as Trump era dawns 1484517960 World South Korea prosecutor weighs economic impact of arrest of Samsung chief 1484468130 Sports Ibrahimovic's late goal earns Manchester United 1-1 draw vs Liverpool 1484516160 Singapore TODAY's morning briefing for Jan 16 1484515800 World Britain has 'reservations' about Paris Middle East peace talks 1484508777 World Congo government says M23 rebel fighters cross over border from Uganda 1484512211 World Israel, Palestinians warned against solo steps harmful to peace 1484512857 World Jordan's king reshuffles cabinet amid growing security, economic challenges 1484508864 Singapore AHTC resolves five more areas of non-compliance 1484510460 Singapore MINDS students take part in One Community Day for first time 1484510460 Business Allianz keen on takeovers, may study big U.S. move 1484511423 World Indonesia, Japan set to discuss Jakarta-Surabaya railway project 1484510511 Business Investors in big pharma, biotech look to ride out Trump storm mail print View all comments Tweet Published: 5:00 AM, January 13, 2017 NEW YORK - Investors in large U.S. pharmaceutical and biotech companies are counting on strong dividends, reasonable stock valuations and new products to help ride out a storm of political uncertainty as the incoming Trump administration dives into healthcare policy. The sector took a pounding on Wednesday after U.S. president-elect Donald Trump said the drug industry was "getting away with murder" on medicine costs, suggesting that the specter of government actions on pricing is not going away any time soon. The industry faced critical scrutiny during much of the presidential election campaign last year. But despite the potential for political volatility ahead, some investors are finding reasons to hang onto shares of drugmakers. "We do think they are generating a lot of cash, throwing out a very nice dividend and the valuations are more reasonable than many areas of the market," said David Katz, chief investment officer at Matrix Asset Advisors in New York, which owns stock in Merck <MRK.N>, Pfizer <PFE.N>, AbbVie <ABBV.N> and Gilead <GILD.O>. "We definitely are worried and aware" of pricing concerns, Katz said. "But we think when all is said and done they are going to muddle through it - and the stocks are too cheap." While the S&P 500 companies are overall trading at prices well above their traditional valuations, a group of pharmaceutical stocks in the index <.SPLRCCARD> recently has traded at 14.8 times earnings estimates for the next 12 months, below their 16.4 average over the past three years, according to Thomson Reuters Datastream. Shares of Gilead, which also faces questions about its hepatitis C franchise sales, are trading at around 7 times forward earnings, while fellow biotech giant Amgen <AMGN.O> is trading at 12.5 times. Merck, whose shares have climbed in the past two days after positive developments for its cancer treatment Keytruda, holds a higher P/E ratio of 16.3 times. But even that is lower than the 17 times for the S&P 500 as a whole. Large drugmakers and a few biotech companies also offer solid dividend payouts. The group of S&P 500 drugmakers are yielding 2.85 percent, which is above the S&P 500's yield of 2.4 percent and slightly ahead of the 2.83 percent for the S&P 500 consumer staples index <.SPLRCS>, which includes companies known for their high dividends. Drugmakers "have long track records of paying those dividends and regularly increasing them," said George Strietmann, portfolio manager with Cincinnati investment advisory firm Bahl & Gaynor. "The market looks at that as a very strong part of the foundation of owning the stocks." Bahl & Gaynor owns shares of AbbVie, which has a dividend yield of 4.2 percent, and Merck, which is yielding 3.1 percent. Smaller biotech and pharma companies do not offer such dividends, leaving them with potentially less cushion than their larger peers should drug-pricing pressures increase. Regardless, Peter Jankovskis, co-chief investment officer at OakBrook Investments in Lisle, Illinois, said he is "very optimistic" about pharma and biotech, noting that "many of them are extremely beaten down." "We think it’s a great sector to be in," Jankovskis said, "and whether we get the benefit of it in the next few months or over the next couple of years, either way we think we’re going to come out ahead." Some investors remain concerned about the sector. Investors should be wary about companies that derive a lot of revenue from big government health programs such as Medicare and Medicaid, said Kim Forrest, senior equity research analyst at Fort Pitt Capital Group in Pittsburgh. "We think that investors should really pay attention to where the money comes from in these companies, who the buyer is," Forrest said. REUTERS mail print View all comments Tweet Recommended For You   More Stories For You The Most Business READ COMMENTED “India really means business”: Iswaran ’appy iPhone users as WhatsApp Web goes iOS ‘Your fried rice’s ready, Chef’ ‘Unicorns’ face up to reality of new dotcom bubble ‘Tweaks' to property cooling measures worth exploring, say industry players Yellen had 'super risky' proposal for Fed's 2011 low-rate vow: transcripts Yahoo to be named Altaba, Mayer to leave board after Verizon deal Yahoo plans to shrink board, change name to Altaba after Verizon deal Xi to be first Chinese leader to attend Davos World Economic Forum World's eight richest as wealthy as half humanity, Oxfam tells Davos With new leverage, NYC's Stringer could reshape boardrooms Where to get help if you’re in financial trouble Wells Fargo thinks it has paid back customers as required Weekly jobless claims rise; import prices push higher Wall Street opens flat ahead of Trump conference Inside Today World South Korea prosecutor indicts NPS chief in political scandal probe Beijing will 'take off the gloves' if Trump continues on Taiwan: China Daily Trump's offer to Putin: an end to sanctions for nuclear arms cut - London Times Trump says NATO is obsolete but still 'very important to me' South Korea former opposition leader holds lead in presidential favorites poll Business Singapore to prop up South-east Asia’s muted IPO market in 2017 Key Samsung shares steady, market awaits South Korea prosecution decision on leader World's eight richest as wealthy as half humanity, Oxfam tells Davos Luxottica and Essilor to merge in $53 billion deal: FT Job cuts, fewer flights? Hong Kong airline Cathay Pacific set for overhaul Sports High-flying pro wrestling star Jimmy ‘Superfly’ Snuka dies at 73 Ibrahimovic's late goal earns Manchester United 1-1 draw vs Liverpool Meet Nicol David, the Serena Williams of women's squash Nadal determined to fight against the pain Williams seeks Grand Slam greatness at Australian Open Entertainment High-flying pro wrestling star Jimmy ‘Superfly’ Snuka dies at 73 It’s curtains for ‘World’s Greatest Show’ after 146 years No plans to digitise Fisher in future Star Wars films Artwalk pays homage to Little India’s heritage Glass shards to the face and having to dance without music About TODAY Apps RSS Sitemap Syndication Contact Us Advertise with Us Terms & Conditions About MediaCorp Copyright 2017 © Mediacorp Press Ltd. All Rights Reserved. Mediacorp News Group
Skip to main content The Straits Times Business Toggle navigation Home Singapore Politics Asia World Videos Multimedia Photos Graphics Lifestyle Food Forum Letters in Print Letters on the Web Readers' Post Opinion ST Editorial Cartoons Business Companies & Markets Economy Banking Property Invest Sport Football Tennis Formula One Basketball Golf Schools Tech Smartphones Tablets PCs Cameras Audio Wearables Games & Apps More Multimedia Forum Opinion Business Sport Tech SPH Websites SITES AsiaOne Berita Harian Hardwarezone herworldPLUS Lianhe Wanbao My Paper Omy razor SGCarMart ShareInvestor SRX Property STCars STClassifieds STJobs STProperty STOMP tabla Tamil Murasu The Business Times The New Paper ZaoBao Print Edition ePaper Investors in big pharma, biotech look to ride out Trump storm A logo of drugs and chemicals group Merck KGaA is pictured in Darmstadt, Germany on Jan 28, 2016. PHOTO: REUTERS PublishedJan 13, 2017, 4:56 am SGT More Share Tweet Linkedin Pin Google+ Reddit Print Permalink: http://str.sg/4Wpu Copy NEW YORK (REUTERS) - Investors in large US pharmaceutical and biotech companies are counting on strong dividends, reasonable stock valuations and new products to help ride out a storm of political uncertainty as the incoming Trump administration dives into healthcare policy. The sector took a pounding on Wednesday (Jan 11) after US president-elect Donald Trump said the drug industry was "getting away with murder" on medicine costs, suggesting that the specter of government actions on pricing is not going away any time soon. The industry faced critical scrutiny during much of the presidential election campaign last year. But despite the potential for political volatility ahead, some investors are finding reasons to hang onto shares of drugmakers. "We do think they are generating a lot of cash, throwing out a very nice dividend and the valuations are more reasonable than many areas of the market," said David Katz, chief investment officer at Matrix Asset Advisors in New York, which owns stock in Merck, Pfizer, AbbVie and Gilead . "We definitely are worried and aware" of pricing concerns, Katz said. "But we think when all is said and done they are going to muddle through it - and the stocks are too cheap." While the S&P 500 companies are overall trading at prices well above their traditional valuations, a group of pharmaceutical stocks in the index recently has traded at 14.8 times earnings estimates for the next 12 months, below their 16.4 average over the past three years, according to Thomson Reuters Datastream. Shares of Gilead, which also faces questions about its hepatitis C franchise sales, are trading at around 7 times forward earnings, while fellow biotech giant Amgen is trading at 12.5 times. Merck, whose shares have climbed in the past two days after positive developments for its cancer treatment Keytruda, holds a higher P/E ratio of 16.3 times. But even that is lower than the 17 times for the S&P 500 as a whole. Large drugmakers and a few biotech companies also offer solid dividend payouts. The group of S&P 500 drugmakers are yielding 2.85 percent, which is above the S&P 500's yield of 2.4 percent and slightly ahead of the 2.83 percent for the S&P 500 consumer staples index, which includes companies known for their high dividends. Drugmakers "have long track records of paying those dividends and regularly increasing them," said George Strietmann, portfolio manager with Cincinnati investment advisory firm Bahl & Gaynor. "The market looks at that as a very strong part of the foundation of owning the stocks." Bahl & Gaynor owns shares of AbbVie, which has a dividend yield of 4.2 percent, and Merck, which is yielding 3.1 percent. Smaller biotech and pharma companies do not offer such dividends, leaving them with potentially less cushion than their larger peers should drug-pricing pressures increase. Regardless, Peter Jankovskis, co-chief investment officer at OakBrook Investments in Lisle, Illinois, said he is "very optimistic" about pharma and biotech, noting that "many of them are extremely beaten down." "We think it's a great sector to be in," Jankovskis said,"and whether we get the benefit of it in the next few months or over the next couple of years, either way we think we're going to come out ahead." Some investors remain concerned about the sector. Investors should be wary about companies that derive a lot of revenue from big government health programmes such as Medicare and Medicaid, said Kim Forrest, senior equity research analyst at Fort Pitt Capital Group in Pittsburgh. "We think that investors should really pay attention to where the money comes from in these companies, who the buyer is," Forrest said. Topics:  PHARMACEUTICALS SECTOR DONALD TRUMP More Share Tweet Linkedin Pin Google+ Reddit Print Permalink: http://str.sg/4Wpu Copy BrandInsider Sponsored Content imda_a1-25298_2017jan06_300x200_st_native_ad.jpg Personal data protection: An intrinsic priority of DBS bank st_native_300x200.jpg Meet Audi's A Team at Singapore Motorshow arrival-300x200.jpg Arrival: Finally, an alien movie we can believe in ha386_300x200_default.jpg Read the latest ST Specials and Supplements right here! Shopping Lowest price in SG! Only for FIRST 20 customers! Use $6 seller coupon and save on SK-II! Limited time only! Happiness comes in 3's! New Moon for your loved ones this CNY! Sign up now and win these at $1!! Exclusively on Qoo10! More Deals on Qoo10 Subscribe to The Straits Times call 6388-3838 or click here Available for iPhones and iPads Available in Google Play Back to the top Singapore Politics Asia World Videos Multimedia Lifestyle Food Forum Opinion Business Sport Tech Follow ST The Straits Times SPH Digital News / Copyright © 2016 Singapore Press Holdings Ltd. Co. Regn. No. 198402868E. All rights reserved | Terms & Conditions | Data Protection Policy | Advertise with us We have been experiencing some problems with subscriber log-ins and apologise for the inconvenience caused. Until we resolve the issues, subscribers need not log in to access ST Digital articles. But a log-in is still required for our PDFs. Close
Home Mail Flickr Tumblr News Sports Finance Celebrity Answers Groups Mobile More Yahoo Search Search Skip to Navigation Skip to Main Content Skip to Related Content 0 Mail News Home Follow Us US World Politics Tech Science Odd News ABC News Yahoo Originals Katie Couric Matt Bai Investors in big pharma, biotech look to ride out Trump storm By Lewis Krauskopf ReutersJanuary 12, 2017 Reblog Share Tweet Pin it Share By Lewis Krauskopf NEW YORK (Reuters) - Investors in large U.S. pharmaceutical and biotech companies are counting on strong dividends, reasonable stock valuations and new products to help ride out a storm of political uncertainty as the incoming Trump administration dives into healthcare policy. The sector took a pounding on Wednesday after U.S. president-elect Donald Trump said the drug industry was "getting away with murder" on medicine costs, suggesting that the specter of government actions on pricing is not going away any time soon. The industry faced critical scrutiny during much of the presidential election campaign last year. But despite the potential for political volatility ahead, some investors are finding reasons to hang onto shares of drugmakers. "We do think they are generating a lot of cash, throwing out a very nice dividend and the valuations are more reasonable than many areas of the market," said David Katz, chief investment officer at Matrix Asset Advisors in New York, which owns stock in Merck <MRK.N>, Pfizer <PFE.N>, AbbVie <ABBV.N> and Gilead <GILD.O>. "We definitely are worried and aware" of pricing concerns, Katz said. "But we think when all is said and done they are going to muddle through it - and the stocks are too cheap." While the S&P 500 companies are overall trading at prices well above their traditional valuations, a group of pharmaceutical stocks in the index <.SPLRCCARD> recently has traded at 14.8 times earnings estimates for the next 12 months, below their 16.4 average over the past three years, according to Thomson Reuters Datastream. Shares of Gilead, which also faces questions about its hepatitis C franchise sales, are trading at around 7 times forward earnings, while fellow biotech giant Amgen <AMGN.O> is trading at 12.5 times. Merck, whose shares have climbed in the past two days after positive developments for its cancer treatment Keytruda, holds a higher P/E ratio of 16.3 times. But even that is lower than the 17 times for the S&P 500 as a whole. Large drugmakers and a few biotech companies also offer solid dividend payouts. The group of S&P 500 drugmakers are yielding 2.85 percent, which is above the S&P 500's yield of 2.4 percent and slightly ahead of the 2.83 percent for the S&P 500 consumer staples index <.SPLRCS>, which includes companies known for their high dividends. Drugmakers "have long track records of paying those dividends and regularly increasing them," said George Strietmann, portfolio manager with Cincinnati investment advisory firm Bahl & Gaynor. "The market looks at that as a very strong part of the foundation of owning the stocks." Bahl & Gaynor owns shares of AbbVie, which has a dividend yield of 4.2 percent, and Merck, which is yielding 3.1 percent. Smaller biotech and pharma companies do not offer such dividends, leaving them with potentially less cushion than their larger peers should drug-pricing pressures increase. Regardless, Peter Jankovskis, co-chief investment officer at OakBrook Investments in Lisle, Illinois, said he is "very optimistic" about pharma and biotech, noting that "many of them are extremely beaten down." "We think it’s a great sector to be in," Jankovskis said, "and whether we get the benefit of it in the next few months or over the next couple of years, either way we think we’re going to come out ahead." Some investors remain concerned about the sector. Investors should be wary about companies that derive a lot of revenue from big government health programs such as Medicare and Medicaid, said Kim Forrest, senior equity research analyst at Fort Pitt Capital Group in Pittsburgh. "We think that investors should really pay attention to where the money comes from in these companies, who the buyer is," Forrest said. (Reporting by Lewis Krauskopf; Editing by Rodrigo Campos and Frances Kerry) Reblog Share Tweet Pin it Share What to Read Next Aaron Rodgers has more magic, as Packers pull out a dramatic win over Cowboys 389 messages11%72%17% Why Aren't You Saving on Your Mortgage? We'll Help Rate Market PlaceSponsored Ringling Brothers Barnum and Bailey Circus Call It Quits After Century and a Half of Entertainment Eight men own half the world's wealth: Oxfam 287 messages5%70%25% #2 of 10 Most Popular News Galleries of 2016: 9/11: Then and now - 15 years later 861 messages5%56%39% New Federal Program Helps Pay Off Your Mortgage TheEasyLoanSiteSponsored Protesters Take to the Streets Across the Country Woman Abducted as a Baby Tearfully Pleads for Jailed Woman Who Raised Her 1545 messages5%58%37% Obama on Trump: ‘Don’t underestimate the guy, because he’s going to be 45th president of the United States’ 667 messages7%68%25% 2016 Federal Rebate To Pay Off Your Mortgage Get My RefinanceSponsored Seldom-called penalty is very costly for Cowboys in first-quarter drive 204 messages6%72%22% #8 of 10 Most Popular News Galleries of 2016: Deadly attack at Istanbul's Ataturk Airport 884 messages9%12%79% Major Winter Storm on the Move 2016 Federal Rebate Pays Off Your Mortgage Smart Money Decisions TodaySponsored Atlanta hits back after Trump’s attack on Lewis 7128 messages5%61%34% ‘Hidden Figures’ Prevails as ‘Monster Trucks,’ Ben Affleck’s ‘Live by Night’ Bomb at Box Office 1465 messages5%69%26% Outgoing CIA chief rips into Trump on Russia threat Impeach Pelosi, Jail Waters: Lewis has allot of gall. What he is saying is the only people that voted for Trump did so because the release of emails from the DNC, meaning our votes are illegitimate. What an insulting statement made by a real first class dullard. Mr. Lewis may have been the big man on campus in 1963 but what has he done for civilization lately, other than flap his jaw and put on a ridiculous show on the house floor? He's a perfect example as to why we need term limits. This guys approach to race relations is doing the country more harm than good. His brain seems to be stuck in the 1960's when he was still relevant. Join the Conversation 1 / 5 4.4k Help Privacy Suggestions About our Ads Terms
24/7 Wall St. - Insightful Analysis and Commentary for U.S. and Global Equity Investors Search this site Business Aerospace & Defense Autos Banking & Finance Commodities & Metals Consumer Products Energy Healthcare Industrials Infrastructure Media Retail Services Technology Apps & Software Consumer Electronics Telecom & Wireless Apple Inc. Facebook Google Investing Analyst Upgrades Bankruptcy Buffett Corporate Governance Corporate Performance Dividends and Buybacks Earnings ETFs and Mutual Funds International Markets IPOs and Secondaries Mergers and Acquisitions Personal Finance Rumors Value Investing Economy Energy Government Regulation Healthcare Housing Jobs Special Report Brands and Products Cities Countries States Why 3 Analysts Upgraded Merck Simultaneously By Jon C. Ogg January 12, 2017 1:20 pm EST Print Email Tweet It may seem hard to believe that a Big Pharma drug stock might be a favorite for the year ahead when the attacks against drug pricing and competition do not seem to be going away. Somehow, Merck & Co. Inc. (NYSE: MRK) has managed to find itself as a top pick for pharmaceutical and biohealth analysts. After all, what does it tell you when there were three analyst upgrades within 24 hours? The markets were facing selling pressure by and large on Thursday, but Merck buyers did not bother caring about that. One driving force is that Merck is valued at about 16 times earnings, so some investors feel there may be a cushion under the stock, even if price-bashing by Trump and other politicians will not go away. What matters here from the investment angle is that a trifecta of analyst upgrades is not normal when it is not after a drug approval or earnings. The prior day’s 5% gain in Merck shares was after the FDA told Merck that it was granting an expedited review and would let the company know by May 10 whether it would approve Merck’s Keytruda combination therapy. Investors should consider that Keytruda has been a potential driver since October of 2016 and that Merck also trades at a premium, even if some pundits now have increased their targets. The three upgrades from analysts on Thursday were seen as follows: Guggenheim raised Merck to Buy from Neutral, and the firm issued a $70 target price. It also called Merck its best new idea. Piper Jaffray raised Merck to Overweight from Equal Weight, raising its price target to $72 from $63. Morgan Stanley raised Merck’s rating to Overweight from Equal Weight as well, and it raised its target price to $71 from $65. One of the common driving forces here is that Merck’s potential IO/chemotherapy combination approval slates for the second quarter comes with a shot that it could effectively win the entire non-squamous non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC) market. 24/7 Wall St. tries to look at analyst calls on both sides of the coin. That means finding reports which are less optimistic or which offer some balance to the other side. On January 11, Jefferies maintained its Underperform rating and its $48 price target. Its view is that Merck’s surprise filing for Keytruda plus chemo does not materially change its long-term outlook, although the firm did say that this could disrupt market share dynamics in the near term (at the risk of Bristol-Myers Squibb). Jefferies even cited the approval as high risk due to several weaknesses in the study and due to its prior failure to gain a Compendia Listing. A report from Leerink on January 10 only had a Market Perform rating on Merck. Still, the view was that Keytruda could be the first IO agent to be used broadly in non-squamous NSCLC regardless of PDL1 status. Leerink even noted that the Keytruda and chemotherapy combination could address approximately 70% of NSCLC patients if approved. 24/7 Wall St. recently addressed Merck’s Bull/Bear Outlook for 2017, calling for an implied 17.5% total return possibility in 2017. That is of course a blend of all the bullish and bearish views rather than an absolute forecast, and we would point out that its return was about 20% in 2016. Merck shares were last seen trading up 1.8% at $62.73 in midday trading. Its 52-week range is $47.97 to $65.46. Merck’s consensus analyst price target from Thomson Reuters is now $68.21, up from the $67.28 target that was used for the upside calculation for the year ahead. I'm interested in the Newsletter Get Newsletter terms and conditions   By Jon C. Ogg « Why McDonald’s Wants to Sell a Big Stake in Its Japan Business Is Williams Companies Really Simplifying Its Business? » Read more: Healthcare Business, Analyst Upgrades, FDA, pharmaceuticals, Merck & Co., Inc. (NYSE:MRK) Free Daily Newsletter Subscribe Terms & Conditions Sponsors Popular The Largest Private Company in Every State Cities Where You Don't Want to Get Sick The Worst Companies to Work For The Largest Employer in Every State Best (and Worst) Paying Cities for Women Recent 5 Must-See Earnings Coming This Week Top 5 Dow Stocks Reporting Earnings This Week Huge Michael Dell Purchase Highlights Insider Buying: Dell Technologies, Accelerate Diagnostics, Loxo Oncology and More 10 Worst States to Grow Old Get Quote for: Symbol Lookup Search How a Roth IRA Can Help You Make the Most of Social Security 1 Company Pioneering the AI Revolution Simple Ways to Maximize Your Social Security Benefits Macy's fires chief growth officer Peter Sachse Nasdaq Composite Index closes up 26.63 points, or 0.5%, at 5,574.12 S&P 500 closes up 4.12 points, or 0.2%, at 2,274.59 Caterpillar (CAT) or Deere (DE): Which Is the Better Stock? Unum Group (UNM) Strengthens Portfolio with New Coverage Union Pacific (UNP) Q4 Earnings: What Awaits the Stock? Sterling skids on Brexit anxiety; investors hope for Trump clarity Trump threatens BMW with border tax on cars built in Mexico Samsung Electronics probe finds battery was main cause of Note 7 fires: source 1 Company Pioneering the AI Revolution Simple Ways to Maximize Your Social Security Benefits Detroit Auto Show: Will Volkswagen Build This Electric Microbus? These 8 Men Have As Much Money As Half The World Trump Threatens BMW With Border Tax On Cars Built In Mexico Democrats Lead Nationwide Day Of Rallies In Defense Of Obamacare Home About Us Disclaimer and Terms of Use Privacy Policy Contact Us Advertise AOL-HuffPost Money & Finance ©2017 24/7 Wall St. | Powered by WordPress.com VIP
Market Trend Market Trend The Big Picture Stock Market Today IBD's ETF Market Strategy Psychological Market Indicators Stock Lists Stock Lists IBD 50 IBD Big Cap 20 IPO Leaders Stocks Near A Buy Zone Sector Leaders New Highs Global Leaders Your Weekly Review Stock Spotlight Relative Strength at New High Rising Profit Estimates CAN SLIM Select Stocks On The Move Stocks that Funds are Buying Tech Leaders IBD Data Tables Research Stock Research IBD Stock Checkup IBD Charts ETFs & Funds Investing Action Plan The Income Investor ETF Center Earnings Preview Industry Snapshot IBD Industry Themes IBD Stock Analysis Short Selling Futures & Options The New America Swing Trading Bonds Premium Investing Tools Leaderboard Swing Trader eTables Top Rated Stocks Under $10 MarketSmith News NEWS eIBD Best ETFs Technology ETF Leaders Click Tech Blog Best Mutual Funds Economy Retirement Economic Calendar Personal Finance Real Estate Financial Advisor Briefing Special Reports Management Politics Politics Editorials IBD/TIPP Poll Commentary Economic Optimism Index Columnists Election 2016 Policy & Analysis IBD Videos How to Invest Lesson Topics Getting Started with IBD The CAN SLIM Investing System How to Time the Stock Market How to Find and Evaluate Stocks How to Read Stock Charts How to Buy Stocks How to Sell Stocks Swing Trading Educational Resources Investor's Corner IBD Live Workshops IBD Home Study Courses New to IBD IBD Meetups Ask IBD IBD Key Terms Webinars Leaderboard Swing Trader MarketSmith Store News Shopping Cart Your cart is currently empty. Visit the IBD Store to get started. Market Trend Market Trend The Big Picture Stock Market Today IBD's ETF Market Strategy Psychological Market Indicators Stock Lists Stock Lists IBD 50 IBD Big Cap 20 IPO Leaders Stocks Near A Buy Zone Sector Leaders New Highs Global Leaders Your Weekly Review Stock Spotlight Relative Strength at New High Rising Profit Estimates CAN SLIM Select Stocks On The Move Stocks that Funds are Buying Tech Leaders IBD Data Tables Research Stock Research IBD Stock Checkup IBD Charts ETFs & Funds Investing Action Plan The Income Investor ETF Center Earnings Preview Industry Snapshot IBD Industry Themes IBD Stock Analysis Short Selling Futures & Options The New America Swing Trading Bonds Premium Investing Tools Leaderboard Swing Trader eTables Top Rated Stocks Under $10 MarketSmith News NEWS eIBD Best ETFs Technology ETF Leaders Click Tech Blog Best Mutual Funds Economy Retirement Economic Calendar Personal Finance Real Estate Financial Advisor Briefing Special Reports Management Politics Politics Editorials IBD/TIPP Poll Commentary Economic Optimism Index Columnists Election 2016 Policy & Analysis IBD Videos How to Invest Lesson Topics Getting Started with IBD The CAN SLIM Investing System How to Time the Stock Market How to Find and Evaluate Stocks How to Read Stock Charts How to Buy Stocks How to Sell Stocks Swing Trading Educational Resources Investor's Corner IBD Live Workshops IBD Home Study Courses New to IBD IBD Meetups Ask IBD IBD Key Terms Webinars Leaderboard Swing Trader MarketSmith Store Hi MY IBD SIGN OUT My Products My Favorites My Stock Lists Edit Sign In Shopping Cart Hi SIGN OUT My Products My Favorites Edit My Stock Lists SIGN IN REGISTER Keep me signed in Signing in... Can't access my account Need to register? I am a current subscriber and need to register. I am not a current subscriber and want to register for a free membership. Next Not a member? Try 4 weeks of IBD Digital Premium and get instant access to exclusive stock lists, proprietary ratings and actionable stock analysis. Get Started Now! Current subscribers register here. Keep me signed in Signing in... Forgot your password? Technology Eli Lilly Rebounds On Chemo-Drug Patent Win Vs. Generic Teva An appeals court upheld a favorable patent ruling for Eli Lilly. (Jonathan Weiss/Shutterstock.com) ALLISON GATLIN 1/12/2017 Reprints Eli Lilly (LLY) stock bounded Thursday after a federal appellate court upheld the patent on chemotherapy Alimta vs. generic drugmaker Teva Pharmaceutical (TEVA) — the third U.S. court in three years to do so. The U.S. Court of Appeals ruled early Thursday that proposed generics from Teva Parenteral Medicines, a subsidiary of the No. 1 generic drugmaker by the same name, would infringe on Eli Lilly's patent for Alimta. Leerink analyst Seamus Fernandez says the decision removes an overhang on Lilly stock. The stock closed 2016 down 13%, though that still outperformed the broader industry. IBD's 44-company Medical-Ethical Drugs industry group plunged 25% last year. Lilly stock rose 2.5% in the stock market today to 77.15, again rising above its 200-day moving average support line. "This is also an important benefit to Lilly's long-term sales guidance of 'at least 5%' through 2020, particularly in the wake of Merck's (MRK) surprise BLA (Biologics License Agreement) for Keytruda in combination with Alimta for non-small cell lung cancer." IBD'S TAKE: Drug stocks tanked Wednesday after President-elect Donald Trump commented in his first post-election news conference that he views the drug industry as "disastrous" and vowed to "create new bidding procedures." Grab IBD's Industry Themes for the deep dive. Fernandez models $1 billion in U.S. Alimta sales in 2017. Immuno-oncology combos, like one being tested now by Bristol-Myers Squibb (BMY), could competitively pressure Lilly and Merck's IO and chemo combination, he noted. But analysts broadly expect Bristol-Myers' IO/IO combo to hit shelves in 2018, giving Lilly and Merck a several-month advantage. The IO plus chemo combo could also potentially be expanded to a larger range of patients. Meanwhile, Alimta patent litigation is ongoing in Europe, where Lilly hasn't fared as well. In 2015, a U.K. trial ended with a judge ruling that a generic chemotherapy wouldn't infringe on Lilly's Alimta patent in the U.K., France, Spain and Italy. A patent case is still unfolding in Germany. Fernandez estimates that $500 million to $800 million in Alimta sales are at risk in Europe. But he kept his outperform rating on Lilly stock. In midday trading on the stock market today, Lilly stock lifted 2.7%, above 77. RELATED: Lilly Nears FDA Nod On Arthritis Drug, But Chemo Med Stuck In Court Lilly Spikes On 2016 Guidance, Clawing Back From Alzheimer's Flop ALLISON GATLIN | Facebook | @IBD_AGatlin Share this: Related news Incyte's cancer drug partnership with Merck earned it a price-target hike. (Kris Tripplaar/Sipa USA/Newscom) Merck Carries Incyte On Keytruda Coattails In 4 'Hot' Tumors: Leerink 1/13/2017 Incyte's oncology program will grow on a Merck partnership tying Keytruda and epacadostat in four "hot" tumors in 2017. 1/13/2017 Incyte's oncology program will grow on a Merck partnership tying... Trump's 'Disastrous' Pharma View Doesn't Rattle JPMorgan Drug Conference Nasdaq Suffers First 2017 Loss, But Stocks Well Off Lows Bristol-Myers Threatens Merck's 'Head Start' In Lung Cancer: Analyst Stocks Pare Losses; Apple, Disney Weigh On Dow; Can Nvidia Halt Slide? Markets Sound The Retreat In Early Trading; Merck 'New Best Idea' Stocks Open Lower; Dollar Slides As Market Awaits Fed Comments Drug Stocks Tank As Trump Vows To Attack High Drug Prices Stocks Wipe Away Losses, Close Higher; Drug Stocks Feel Trump Thump Today's Spotlight A Look Ahead to 2017 with IBD Before we look at what's ahead in 2017, here are some of IBD's key events and enhancements in 2016. Join IBD at The Orlando MoneyShow Learn about trading fundamentals, top-performing growth stocks and more! Try SwingTrader Free – New App! Download our new App! Get instant push notifications on buy points, sell signals, and more! More News Netflix Leads 5 Hot Techs To Watch As Nasdaq Closes At New High Annuities should be viewed as contracts guaranteeing a sum of money paid each year, rather than as investments. (Alexander Supertramp/Shutterstock.com) Annuities: Love Them Or Hate Them, At Least They're Not Risky Exploring independence: Why do advisors choose the RIA model? Promoted Content By Schwab Advisor Services Special Report IPO Stock News And Analysis: Find Today's Top New Issues Get the latest news on recent and upcoming IPOs, filings for new issues, and today’s top-performing IPO stocks. TRADING CENTER INVESTING RESOURCES SUBSCRIBE TO THE IBD DIGITAL EDITION Get 4 free weeks of the IBD Digital edition plus access to IBD's exclusive market analysis, proprietary stock ratings and interactive tools. WATCH, LEARN AND LISTEN WITH IBD VIDEOS Stay on top of the market with IBD's exclusive videos. You will find the latest news, market analysis, and education to help you become a more successful investor. GETTING STARTED WITH IBD Get the most out of IBD's products and features by learning the CAN SLIM Investing System and staying in sync with the market trend. IBD Stock Charts IBD Stock Checkup Stock Quotes CAN SLIM Advisors MarketSmith How to Buy Stocks How to Read Stock Charts When to Sell Stocks IBD Retail Locations Ad Choices About Us Contact Us Advertising Terms & Privacy Policy Site Map IBD Stock Charts IBD Stock Checkup Stock Quotes CAN SLIM Advisors MarketSmith How to Buy Stocks How to Read Stock Charts When to Sell Stocks IBD Retail Locations Ad Choices Stock Market Today The Big Picture Economic Calendar Investing Workshops New to IBD Economy Technology Politics Editorials Co-Browse Notice: Information contained herein is not and should not be construed as an offer, solicitation, or recommendation to buy or sell securities. The information has been obtained from sources we believe to be reliable; however no guarantee is made or implied with respect to its accuracy, timeliness, or completeness. Authors may own the stocks they discuss. The information and content are subject to change without notice. *Real-time prices by Bats®. Volume delayed. Real-time quote and/or trade prices are not sourced from all markets. © 2000-2017 Investor's Business Daily, Inc. All rights reserved
Benzinga Benzinga Pro Marketfy Financial Data & APIs Fintech Awards Membership is Free What are you waiting for? Sign up now! Username: Username available! Username taken! Email: Email available! Email taken! Password: Leave blank: OR Free Account Login Click here to access your premium account Username or email: Password: OR Forgot password?' Looking for ? CLICK HERE Contribute Login Sign up Benzinga - Feed Your Mind. Home Best of Benzinga Careers About Contact Us Partners Benzinga Fintech Awards News Earnings Guidance Dividends M&A Buybacks Legal Interviews Management Retail Sales Offerings IPOs Insider Trades Biotech/FDA Markets Pre-Market After Hours Movers Forex Commodities Options Binary Options Bonds Futures Global Economics Previews Reviews Small-Cap Ratings Analyst Color Downgrades Upgrades Initiations Price Target Ideas Long Ideas Short Ideas Technicals From The Press Jim Cramer Rumors ETFs Tech Start-Ups Fintech Personal Finance Premium Products My Watchlist Analyst Color Downgrades Upgrades Initiations Price Target Market Overview Tickers Articles Keywords Search by keyword...googlecse The Best BioPharma Plays Amid Uncertainty From Trump Comments Manikandan Raman , Benzinga Staff Writer   {{following ? "Following" : "Follow"}} January 12, 2017 1:58pm   Comments Share: Related AZN Here's What Merck's Keytruda News Means For Bristol-Myers Watch These 5 Huge Call Purchases In Friday Trade Merck Carries Incyte On Keytruda Coattails In 4 'Hot' Tumors: Leerink (Investor's Business Daily) Related BMY Here's What Merck's Keytruda News Means For Bristol-Myers Technical Alert: Bristol Meyers Squibb Lower Following Good News For Merck's Keytruda P.R. Herzig & Co. Inc. Buys Kansas City Southern, Bristol-Myers Squibb Company, General ... (GuruFocus) Pharma sector was hit following the comments made by President-elect Donald Trump who alluded to potential tightening of industry regulation. At his first press conference since being elected, Trump said the pharmaceutical industry is “getting away with murder” in terms of product pricing. He asserted that “we need new bidding procedures.” Leerink said lack of specifics on government negotiation of drug prices confirms a speculated overhang and reversed pharma/biotech rally. “Without specifics on the kind of changes his administration or the Republican Congress may be planning, we expect this uncertainty to persist until we at least get some specifics,” analyst Seamus Fernandez wrote in a note. Recommendations Fernandez recommends companies such as Bristol-Myers Squibb Co (NYSE: BMY) and AstraZeneca plc (ADR) (NYSE: AZN), which have greater and more durable pricing power and are focusing on categories like oncology and rare disease. “We continue to believe that innovation, particularly innovation for deadly diseases like cancer, will continue to be rewarded,” Fernandez highlighted. Further, the analyst expects more companies to come clear on average net price increases to shift the debate away from list price increases. At last check, Direxion Daily S&P Biotech Bear 3X Shares (NYSE: LABD) had fallen as much as 6.6 percent. Bristol-Myers shares were down 0.63 percent to $56.44, while ADRs of AstraZeneca marginally gained 0.28 percent to $28.26. Image Credit: Derived from "Trump (12/8)" by Max Goldberg from USA - Trump (12/8), CC BY 2.0, via Wikimedia Commons Latest Ratings for AZN Date Firm Action From To Dec 2016 Leerink Swann Upgrades Market Perform Outperform Sep 2016 PiperJaffray Initiates Coverage on Overweight Sep 2016 Exane BNP Paribas Downgrades Outperform Neutral View More Analyst Ratings for AZN View the Latest Analyst Ratings Posted-In: Analyst Color Biotech News Health Care Politics Events Analyst Ratings Movers Best of Benzinga © 2017 Benzinga.com. Benzinga does not provide investment advice. All rights reserved.   Related Articles (AZN + BMY) Here's What Merck's Keytruda News Means For Bristol-Myers Technical Alert: Bristol Meyers Squibb Lower Following Good News For Merck's Keytruda Alphabet, Bristol-Myers And More: Fast Money Picks For January 6 Watch These 7 Huge Call Purchases In Wednesday Trade Watch These 5 Huge Call Purchases In Friday Trade 6 Worst Biotech Stocks Of 2016 View Comments and Join the Discussion! View the discussion thread. Sign up for email alerts on AZN Trending Recent 1 DMTX, NBIX: 7 Biotech Catalysts Remaining In January 2 SPY: Lessons To Learn From George Soros' $1 Billion Election-Trade Loss 3 PODD, TNDM: DexCom Jumps 25% As It Becomes Only Continuous Glucose Mo... 4 AAPL: Gene Munster Shares His Expectations For Apple's... 5 OAK, IBM: Greek Philosophy, Tough Guys, And Rubber Necking 6 SNAK, JPM: Mid-Afternoon Market Update: Dow Tur... 7 SHV: A New ETF That's An Alternat... 1 JPM, AMZN: The Program For Trading Like A Hedge Fund 2 SPX, SPY: How Animal Spirits Will Affect The Market In 2017 3 PODD, MDT: DexCom Jumps 25% As It Becomes Only Continuous Glucose... 4 AAPL: Apple's AirPod Success: Headphone Users Show... 5 SPY: Lessons To Learn From George Soros' $1 Bil... 6 IBM, AMZN: Greek Philosophy, Tough Guys, And Rubb... 7 NTODY, NTDOY: How Nintendo's Last 4... View upcoming Earnings, Ratings, Dividend and Economic Calendars. Benzinga Benzinga is a fast-growing, dynamic and innovative financial media outlet that empowers investors with high-quality, unique content. Popular Channels Analyst Ratings Be Your Own Boss ETFs Economics Forex Hot News Options Press Releases Start-ups Tech Tools & Features Affiliate Program Premarket Prep Feeds News Widget Real Time Feed Sitemap Submit News Tips About Benzinga About Us Licensing and APIs Apps (iOS and Android) Fintech Awards Blog In the News Careers Contact Us Disclaimer Privacy Policy Syndication Terms and Conditions Benzinga Partners 1 (877) 440-9464 (ZING) © Copyright Benzinga Benzinga - Feed Your Mind News Markets Ratings Ideas Tech Small-Cap Personal Finance Premium Products USDA Daily Hog Slaughter; Lean Hog Futures Mostly Lower Straight Path: From Bankruptcy To Massively Relevant In The Spectrum Space
× We hope you have enjoyed your complimentary access for the month. Already a subscriber? Click on the button below to set up your account or log in if you already have one. Want to become a subscriber? Purchase a digital-only subscription now for unlimited online access to local news and information. Digital-only Access Unlimited Access to: nwitimes.com mobile web and mobile apps e-replica edition of printed newspaper Digital-only access only $10.00/mo Current Subscriber? Set up your account Log In Current Subscriber? Set up Account You are the owner of this article. Edit Article Add New Article Sign Up Log In Dashboard Logout My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout Subscribe Customer Service Calendar Home News Latest Updates Lake County News Porter County News LaPorte County News State and Regional News South Suburban News National News World News Government and Politics Crime News History E-Edition Sports NWI Preps Columnists Business Northwest Indiana Business Headlines Jobs and Employment Transportation News Healthcare News Business Columnists Opinion Letters to the Editor NWI.com Blogs Editorials Forum Columnists Entertainment Comics Games Horoscopes Northwest Indiana Calendar Lifestyles Inspired Living Health & Fitness Food and Cooking Home and Garden Celebrations Photos Buy Photos Obituaries Area Deaths/Tributes Cars Jobs Homes For Sale Ads Rental Ads Rental Showcase Classifieds Buy Local Deals Coupons Newspaper Ads Buy Photos Business Directory Weekly Ads Contact Us Customer Service Toggle navigation Menu Search Search Log In Using Your Account Log In Don't have an account? Sign Up Today My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout 32° Munster, IN (46321) Today A mix of frozen precipation late. Tonight Cloudy with periods of light freezing rain after midnight. Low 27F with temps rising to near freezing. Winds light and variable. Chance of precip 50%. Updated: January 15, 2017 @ 7:15 pm Full Forecast News Sports Business Photos Obits Classifieds AP Merck and United jump while Signet and SuperValu fall Jan 11, 2017 NEW YORK (AP) — Stocks that moved substantially or traded heavily on Wednesday: Merck & Co., up $1.71 to $61.63 The company said that regulators will perform a fast review of an application that could boost sales of its cancer drug Keytruda. United Continental Holdings Inc., up $1.38 to $75.04 The airline reported strong performance in December. BorgWarner Inc., down 65 cents to $40.12 The auto parts supplier projected a weak annual profit and a surprise decline in sales. Intuitive Surgical Inc., up $15.96 to $678.16 The robotic surgical system maker forecast solid revenue in the fourth quarter thanks to strong sales of instruments and accessories. Stryker Corp., up $1.76 to $123.66 The medical device maker forecast better fourth-quarter sales than analysts expected. Signet Jewelers Ltd., down $2.76 to $84.70 Get breaking news sent instantly to your inbox Sign Up! I understand and agree that registration on or use of this site consitutes agreement to its user agreement and privacy policy. The company cut its profit estimates after sales fell over the holidays, partly because of problems for its e-commerce business. SuperValu Inc., down 36 cents to $4.43 The grocery store operator announced a weak third-quarter profit, partly because of falling food prices. Public Storage, down $5.54 to $219.76 Real estate investment trusts traded lower than the broader market on Wednesday. Tags Wire Business Financial Performance Corporate News Latest in section Stark inequality: Oxfam says 8 men as rich as half the world Forecast predicts sharp plunge in UK merger activity Justices to hear free speech clash over offensive trademarks 1 Company Pioneering the AI Revolution Simple Ways to Maximize Your Social Security Benefits Most Popular on nwi.com Two men charged in East Chicago murder Couple shot, wounded after fleeing Hammond bar Valpo's farm-to-fork Valley Kitchen getting reborn as gourmet taco place 2 Lowell men killed in single-vehicle crash Union Twp. man charged with rape Local Companies | FindTheCompany Currents +6 Travel 5 Beautiful Caribbean Winter Escapes +15 National News Looking back on 15 of Trump's most memorable campaign statements National News The counties in every state with the most old homes Today’s top pics: Preparing for Chinese New Year and more Your daily 6: Bad boots make swastika imprint, too much snow and the Barack-Biden bromance Today's Birthdays, Jan. 13: Rip Taylor Today In History, Jan. 13: Costa Concordia DeMar DeRozan scores 23 points, Raptors rout Knicks 116-101 Curry, Warriors ready for another Cavs rematch Seahawks go into offseason dejected at another missed chance Washington, defense lead No. 22 Cincinnati past ECU 55-46 Find local businesses View local offers Local Businesses Circle Automotive 2440 45th Street , Highland, IN 46375 NWI Generator 1131 Breuckman Dr., Crown Point, IN 46307 Ads Re'new Home Center 506 East Summit Street, Crown Point, IN 46307 Ads Jack & Vernon's Septic Service 3685 E 36th Ave, Lake Station, IN 46405 Ads Business Directory Latest Local Offers United Starter & Alternator, LLC With 35 years of experience United Starter & Alternator can help you! Click here or call today: 219-696-9095 Updated Jan 12, 2017 S.T.A. Roof Techs Giving you cutting edge technology in Commercial, Industrial, & Residential Roofing ~ Serving Valparaiso and all of Northwest Indiana and Chicagoland ~ STA Roof Techs Updated Jan 12, 2017 K's Construction & Roofing Inc Call a Roofing Contractor You Can Trust. Call K's Roofing & Construction Today 219-405-5146. No Down Payment Required. Updated Jan 12, 2017 Chesterton Toys Now is the perfect time to stock up on Melissa & Doug toys! 20% off at Chesterton Toys! 219-728-6426 Updated Jan 12, 2017 E-edition Inspired Living Get Healthy Your Family Featured Sections Best of the Region Buy Local Deals Regional Crime Report CrimeTimes Northwest Indiana Calendar Online Features Contact The Times About Us Subscribe Manage Your Subscription Send a News Tip Newspapers In Education Donation Request Work At The Times RSS Feeds E-newsletter Sign-Up © Copyright 2017 NWI Times, 601 W. 45th Ave. Munster, IN | Terms of Use | Privacy Policy Powered by BLOX Content Management System from TownNews.com.
Latest News Dow 19,886 -5.27 -0.03% Nasdaq 5,574 +26.63 +0.48% S&P 500 2,275 +4.20 +0.18% 8:44 P.M. ET Here's what Trump means for the tech industry 6:54 P.M. ET Ice Storms Cause Hazards in Great Plains States 6:21 P.M. ET These dogs make up to $10K per social media post 6:03 P.M. ET Updated U.K. pound drops ahead of Theresa May’s Brexit speech 5:27 P.M. ET CIA chief John Brennan has a stern warning for Donald Trump 5:10 P.M. ET Updated Don’t buy the spin: Trump’s tycoons really will avoid taxes 5:00 P.M. ET Why Goldman sees only 90 good days for U.S. stocks in 2017 4:57 P.M. ET Nvidia and Audi predict self-driving car by 2020 4:19 P.M. ET Updated Divorce lawyers: 30% more couples terminate their marriage in January 4:19 P.M. ET Updated Most Americans are one medical emergency away from financial disaster 4:19 P.M. ET Updated My ex-husband left me his $150,000 pension — his sister says it was an oversight 2:04 P.M. ET More Democratic lawmakers plan on boycotting Trump’s inauguration 2:03 P.M. ET Davos elite promise global solutions, but they’re part of the problem 2:01 P.M. ET Unrest could grip Germany in 2017 and U.S. investors could suffer fallout 2:00 P.M. ET 4 reforms we must make to our democracy to protect the American economy 1:39 P.M. ET Updated Sanders says ‘it would not be a bad thing’ if FBI boss Comey stepped down 1:37 P.M. ET Updated Ringling Bros. and Barnum & Bailey Circus to shut down after 146 years 1:23 P.M. ET Updated Is Amazon’s new credit card for Prime members worth it? 1:18 P.M. ET Updated Is Chase Sapphire Reserve card still a good value — even with the new terms? 1:18 P.M. ET Updated 1 in 10 Americans say they will die in debt Log In Home News Viewer Video SectorWatch Podcasts First Take Games Portfolio My MarketWatch News Viewer Markets U.S. Europe/Middle East Emerging Markets Asia Canada SectorWatch Columns Market Snapshot Movers & Shakers The Tell Currencies Futures Movers Pre-Market News Tools Earnings Wall Markets Overview IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar Currency Tools Futures Contracts Market Screener Hulbert Interactive Investing Stocks Mutual Funds ETFs Options Bonds Commodities Currencies Futures Hedge Funds/Insider Trades Getting Started MarketWatch Adviser Columns Options Trader Revolution Investing Tools Stock Screener Funds Finder ETF Screener Options Screener IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar More... Trading Deck . Personal Finance 10 Things Big Spender Real Estate Spending & Saving Taxes Columns The Moneyologist Brett Arends Bill Bischoff Amy Hoak Chuck Jaffe Jennifer Openshaw Jennifer Waters Tools Funds Finder Today's Rates Retirement RetireMentors Encore Taxes Retire Here, Not There How-to Guides Social Security Estate Planning Events Columns Robert Powell's Retirement Portfolio Andrea Coombes's Working Retirement Tools Retirement Planner How long will my money last? Economy Federal Reserve Capitol Report Economic Report Columns Darrell Delamaide Irwin Kellner Rex Nutting Tools Economic Calendar Real Estate Location Scouts realtor.com My MarketWatch Watchlist Alerts Games Log In Home Investing Stocks Opinion: What pharma investors ought to do after Donald Trump fires a salvo By Nigam Arora Published: Jan 11, 2017 3:14 p.m. ET Share Reduce exposure to those industries on fears of a drug-price crackdown Getty Images Shares of Merck fell after Donald Trump said Wednesday that “we have to ... create new bidding procedures for the drug industry because they're getting away with murder.” By NigamArora Trading Deck columnist Donald Trump knocked yet another industry in his press conference Wednesday, but this time it wasn’t manufacturers or car makers. It was health care. And shares of U.S. pharmaceutical companies promptly fell, dropping by an average range of about 3% to 5%. "We've got to get our drug industry back,” he said. “Our drug industry has been disastrous. They're leaving left and right. They supply our drugs, but they don't make them here, to a large extent. And the other thing we have to do is create new bidding procedures for the drug industry because they're getting away with murder. Pharma ... has a lot of ... lobbyists and a lot of power, and there's very little bidding on drugs. We're the largest buyer of drugs in the world, and yet we don't bid properly, and we're going to start bidding and we're going to save billions of dollars over a period of time." The chart The best way to illustrate investors’ reaction is with the annotated chart of the Direxion Daily S&P Biotech Bear 3X Shares LABD, -2.53% a leveraged inverse biotech ETF. Please click here for the chart. The chart shows that immediately after Trump’s comment, the inverse ETF jumped about 12%. (The ETF rises at three times the rate of the underlying stocks’ decline.) Read: How Trump’s presser threatened to deflate his own stock-market rally The chart also shows the so-called VUD indicator, which measures true supply and demand in real time, and is calculated from every single trade on every exchange. This shows mostly buying demand but there are a few non-believers selling into strength, as shown on the chart. How to be prudent Two days ago, I wrote an article titled “Five unpopular, but prudent, things for investors to do near Dow 20,000.” To be consistently successful, investors need to anticipate events and be proactive. One of the prudent actions mentioned in the article was to sell pharmaceutical stocks. I wrote: "Americans pay a lot more for drugs than people in other countries. That's why you ought to sell large U.S.-based companies. After all, they are at risk of Trump tweets. Examples include Pfizer PFE, -0.25% Johnson & Johnson JNJ, -0.02% Merck MRK, +0.21% Bristol-Myers Squibb BMY, -0.58% and Eli Lilly LLY, +0.32% " Popular pharma and biotech ETFs to sell Pharma and biotech ETFs have until now been popular. So consider selling these seven ETFs: PowerShares Dynamic Pharmaceuticals Portfolio ETF PJP, +0.33% iShares U.S. Pharmaceuticals ETF IHE, +0.45% SPDR S&P Pharmaceuticals ETF XPH, +0.25% VanEck Vectors Pharmaceutical ETF PPH, +0.32% iShares Nasdaq Biotechnology IBB, +0.39% SPDR S&P Biotech XBI, +0.81% and VanEck Vectors Biotech BBH, +0.22% Inverse ETFs to buy Investors with an aggressive bent may consider buying inverse pharma and biotech ETFs. The Arora Report Portfolios contain ProShares UltraShort Nasdaq Biotech BIS, -0.60% and Direxion Daily S&P Biotech Bear 3X Shares LABD, -2.53% Short-selling pharma Short selling — betting on a decline in prices — is highly risky and primarily used by professionals. Only individual investors with ample experience with short selling should consider shorting pharma stocks. As a cautionary note, it is important to attach hard stops to any short orders to limit losses. As an example, today at 9:36 a.m., about two hours before Trump's press conference, The Arora Report gave a call to short sell Merck, anticipating that the president-elect may say something about pharma. At the time, Merck’s stock was up about 5% on the news that Merck’s Keytruda was granted priority review by the Food and Drug Administration (FDA). Keytruda combines new immunotherapy with traditional chemotherapy for lung cancer. On the news, the stock of competitor Bristol-Myers fell. In our analysis, the advantage gained by Merck is temporary, and Bristol-Myers is likely to catch up. This analysis provided an opportunity to short a pharma stock at a higher price and make even more money. More ways to invest in health care Under prevailing market conditions, for more ways to invest in health care, please see “The death of Obamacare will bring new opportunities for investors.” Disclosure: Subscribers to The Arora Report may have positions in the securities mentioned in this article. All recommended positions are reviewed daily at The Arora Report, and subscribers may receive additional information in real time that’s not available to the readers of this article. Nigam Arora is an investor, engineer and nuclear physicist who’s founded two Inc. 500 fastest-growing companies, and also is the developer of the adaptive ZYX Global Multi Asset Allocation Model and the ZYX Change Method to profit from changes in trading and investing. He is the founder of The Arora Report, which publishes four newsletters. Nigam can be reached at Nigam@TheAroraReport.com Read next: Beware of the ‘Trump dump’ in stocks as rally peters out More from MarketWatch Yahoo to Change Name; Marissa Mayer to Leave Board Rex Tillerson Confirmation Hearing Trump: Russians Behind Hacks but Haven’t Compromised Him Quote References LABD -0.36 -2.53% PFE -0.08 -0.25% JNJ -0.02 -0.02% MRK +0.13 +0.21% BMY -0.33 -0.58% LLY +0.25 +0.32% PJP +0.19 +0.33% IHE +0.65 +0.45% XPH +0.10 +0.25% PPH +0.17 +0.32% IBB +1.08 +0.39% XBI +0.52 +0.81% BBH +0.25 +0.22% BIS -0.19 -0.60% Show all references Most Popular Why Goldman sees only 90 good days for U.S. stocks in 2017 More Democratic lawmakers plan on boycotting Trump’s inauguration Stocks may need a flawless earnings season to keep Trump rally going CIA chief John Brennan has a stern warning for Donald Trump Tour the house Obama will live in after he moves out of the White House Data Provided By Today's Interest Rates Mortgage Equity Savings Auto Credit Cards 30 yr fixed Jumbo 4.41% 30 yr fixed 4.03% 15 yr fixed 3.18% 10 yr fixed 3.08% 30 yr fixed refi 4.07% 15 yr fixed refi 3.19% 5/1 ARM 3.29% 5/1 ARM refi 3.5% National averages from Bankrate.com $30K HELOC 4.57% $50K HELOC 4.64% $75K HELOC 4.64% $100K HELOC 4.34% $30K Home Equity Loan 4.54% $50K Home Equity Loan 4.17% $75K Home Equity Loan 4.17% $100K Home Equity Loan 4.08% National averages from Bankrate.com 5 yr CD 1.2% 2 yr CD 0.75% 1 yr CD 0.59% MMA $10K+ 0.23% MMA $50K+ 0.36% MMA Savings 0.31% MMA Savings Jumbo 0.35% National averages from Bankrate.com 60 Mo Used Car 3.1% 48 Mo Used Car 3.09% 36 Mo Used Car 3.23% 72 Mo New Car 3.44% 60 Mo New Car 3.15% 48 Mo New Car 3.06% 60 Mo Auto Refi 2.91% 36 Mo Auto Refi 2.61% National averages from Bankrate.com Avg. APR Last Week 6 Months Low Interest 12.16% 12.16% 11.98% Business 13.39% 13.37% 13.12% Student 13.67% 13.67% 13.42% Balance Transfer 14.61% 14.60% 14.38% Airline 15.35% 15.35% 15.08% Reward 15.44% 15.44% 15.29% Cash Back 15.51% 15.51% 15.32% Instant Approval 18.00% 18.00% 18.04% Bad Credit 22.98% 22.98% 22.56% Source: CreditCards.com Nigam Arora Nigam Arora is an engineer, nuclear physicist, author, and entrepreneur and the founder of two Inc. 500 fastest growing companies. He is also the developer of the ZYX Change Method to profit from change by investing. The premise is that most money is made by predicting change before the crowd. Arora is the chief investment officer at The Arora Report and the editor of four newsletters that track the ZYX Change Method. Nigam can be reached at Nigam@TheAroraReport.com MarketWatch Partner Center Nigam Arora Nigam Arora is an engineer, nuclear physicist, author, and entrepreneur and the founder of two Inc. 500 fastest growing companies. He is also the developer of the ZYX Change Method to profit from change by investing. The premise is that most money is made by predicting change before the crowd. Arora is the chief investment officer at The Arora Report and the editor of four newsletters that track the ZYX Change Method. Nigam can be reached at Nigam@TheAroraReport.com We Want to Hear from You Join the conversation Comment Luxury Real Estate Essential apps for your smart home hub View More SectorWatch These dogs make up to $10k per social media post View More Real Estate 2016's most popular homes were led by the biggest fixer-upper of all time View More Barron's Next When leaving a job, take the 401k money and run View More Sponsored Headlines MarketWatch Site Index Topics Help Feedback Newsroom Roster Media Archive Premium Products Mobile Company Company Info Code of Conduct Corrections Advertising Media Kit Advertise Locally Reprints & Licensing Broker Center Your Ad Choices Dow Jones Network WSJ.com Barron's Online BigCharts Virtual Stock Exchange Financial News Online WSJ.com Small Business realtor.com Mansion Global Back to Top Copyright ©2017 MarketWatch, Inc. All rights reserved. By using this site you agree to the Terms of Service, Privacy Policy, and Cookie Policy. Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. Intraday data delayed per exchange requirements. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real time last sale data provided by NASDAQ. More information on NASDAQ traded symbols and their current financial status. Intraday data delayed 15 minutes for Nasdaq, and 20 minutes for other exchanges. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. SEHK intraday data is provided by SIX Financial Information and is at least 60-minutes delayed. All quotes are in local exchange time. Advanced Search Stocks Columns Authors Topics No results found Direxion Daily S&P Biotech Bear 3X Shares U.S.: NYSE Arca: LABD $13.87 -0.36 (-2.53%) Volume 5.9M Open $14.20 High $14.28 Low $13.34 P/E Ratio 0 Div Yield 0 Market Cap N/A Pfizer Inc. U.S.: NYSE: PFE $32.52 -0.08 (-0.25%) Volume 19.2M Open $32.67 High $32.78 Low $32.33 P/E Ratio 32.36 Div Yield 3.94 Market Cap 197.3B Johnson & Johnson U.S.: NYSE: JNJ $114.60 -0.02 (-0.02%) Volume 4.6M Open $114.94 High $115.02 Low $114.44 P/E Ratio 20.28 Div Yield 2.79 Market Cap 311.8B Merck & Co. Inc. U.S.: NYSE: MRK $62.34 +0.13 (+0.21%) Volume 9.6M Open $62.33 High $62.68 Low $62.10 P/E Ratio 31.81 Div Yield 3.02 Market Cap 171.9B Bristol-Myers Squibb Co. U.S.: NYSE: BMY $56.22 -0.33 (-0.58%) Volume 7.6M Open $56.56 High $56.73 Low $56.05 P/E Ratio 27.56 Div Yield 2.77 Market Cap 94.0B Eli Lilly & Co. U.S.: NYSE: LLY $77.40 +0.25 (+0.32%) Volume 5.6M Open $76.92 High $78.12 Low $76.38 P/E Ratio 33.91 Div Yield 2.69 Market Cap 85.4B PowerShares Exchange-Traded Fund Trust Dynamic Pharmaceuticals Portfolio U.S.: NYSE Arca: PJP $56.92 +0.19 (+0.33%) Volume 104.2K Open $56.75 High $57.30 Low $56.73 P/E Ratio 0 Div Yield 1.46 Market Cap N/A iShares U.S. Pharmaceuticals ETF U.S.: NYSE Arca: IHE $144.96 +0.65 (+0.45%) Volume 13056 Open $144.65 High $146.04 Low $144.65 P/E Ratio 0 Div Yield 0.93 Market Cap N/A SPDR S&P Pharmaceuticals ETF U.S.: NYSE Arca: XPH $39.68 +0.10 (+0.25%) Volume 131.4K Open $39.58 High $40.06 Low $39.53 P/E Ratio 0 Div Yield 0.92 Market Cap N/A VanEck Vectors Pharmaceutical ETF U.S.: Nasdaq: PPH $52.97 +0.17 (+0.32%) Volume 22771 Open $53.03 High $53.18 Low $52.80 P/E Ratio 0 Div Yield 1.09 Market Cap N/A iShares Nasdaq Biotechnology ETF U.S.: Nasdaq: IBB $280.01 +1.08 (+0.39%) Volume 1.4M Open $278.88 High $282.70 Low $278.35 P/E Ratio 0 Div Yield 0.13 Market Cap N/A SPDR S&P Biotech ETF U.S.: NYSE Arca: XBI $65.00 +0.52 (+0.81%) Volume 6.7M Open $64.36 High $65.79 Low $64.36 P/E Ratio 0 Div Yield 0.11 Market Cap N/A VanEck Vectors Biotech ETF U.S.: Nasdaq: BBH $113.80 +0.25 (+0.22%) Volume 111.6K Open $113.44 High $114.76 Low $113.44 P/E Ratio 0 Div Yield 0 Market Cap N/A ProShares UltraShort Nasdaq Biotechnology U.S.: Nasdaq: BIS $31.23 -0.19 (-0.60%) Volume 133.4K Open $31.53 High $31.53 Low $30.63 P/E Ratio 0 Div Yield 0 Market Cap N/A Direxion Daily S&P Biotech Bear 3X Shares U.S.: NYSE Arca: LABD $13.87 -0.36 (-2.53%) Volume 5.9M Open $14.20 High $14.28 Low $13.34 P/E Ratio 0 Div Yield 0 Market Cap N/A LatestNews
X Edition: United States Business Business Home Legal Deals Aerospace & Defense Finance Autos Reuters Summits ADventures Data Dive Markets Markets Home U.S. Markets European Markets Asian Markets Global Market Data Indices Stocks Bonds Currencies Commodities Futures Funds Earnings Dividends World World Home U.S. Special Reports Reuters Investigates Euro Zone Middle East China Japan Mexico Brazil Africa Russia India Politics Politics Home Election 2016 Polling Explorer Just In: Election 2016 What Voters Want Supreme Court Tech Technology Home Science Top 100 Global Innovators Environment Innovation Commentary Commentary Home Podcasts Breakingviews Breakingviews Home Breakingviews Video Money Money Home Retirement Lipper Awards Analyst Research Stock Screener Fund Screener Life Health Sports Arts Entertainment Oddly Enough Pictures Pictures Home The Wider Image Photographers Focus 360 Video US STOCKS-Wall St slightly higher moments ahead of Trump speech Africa América Latina عربي Argentina Brasil Canada 中国 Deutschland España France India Italia 日本 México РОССИЯ United Kingdom United States Market News | Wed Jan 11, 2017 | 11:08am EST US STOCKS-Wall St slightly higher moments ahead of Trump speech * Merck up after FDA agrees to speedy review of drug * Indexes up: Dow 0.46 pct, S&P 0.16 pct, Nasdaq 0.11 pct (Adds details, comments, updates prices) By Yashaswini Swamynathan Jan 11 The Dow got a healthy boost from Merck on Wednesday, while the S&P 500 and the Nasdaq inched higher moments before President-elect Donald Trump's first formal news conference got underway. Investors will closely watch Trump's speech, looking for clues on where his priorities as the new president lie, after taking office on Jan. 20 and how he plans boost economic growth. Trump's election in November sparked a record-setting rally. But, investors now want evidence on if and how he keeps his campaign-trail promises of stimulating the economy though increased public spending, tax cuts and repatriating U.S. companies' funds from overseas. The dollar, which has also basked in Trump's victory, rose to 102.79. However, concerns over some of his protectionist statements have kept investors wary. "I worry that it is going to be more about the distractions that he will address as opposed to the pro-growth policies and that is going to be the important factor for investors," said Mark Heppenstall, chief investment officer of Penn Mutual Asset Management. Oil prices also helped keep the equity market afloat, rising for the first time in three days after Saudi Arabia provided details of a February supply cut to some of its Asian customers. Investors are also looking out to the corporate earnings season, which kicks off with big banks on Friday, to judge if financial results can support the lofty valuations Wall Street is trading at. S&P 500 companies' earnings are estimated to have risen 5.8 percent in the fourth quarter, the best in three years, largely helped by financials stocks, according to Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S. At 11:05 a.m. ET (1605 GMT), the Dow Jones Industrial Average was up 92.26 points, or 0.46 percent, at 19,947.79, the S&P 500 was up 3.65 points, or 0.16 percent, at 2,272.55 and the Nasdaq Composite was up 6.09 points, or 0.11 percent, at 5,557.90. Seven of the 11 major S&P sectors were higher, with the healthcare sector's 0.23 percent rise the biggest boost. The sector is set for its seventh straight day of gains. Merck surged 5 percent to $62.91 after the FDA agreed to a speedy review of the company's application to combine immunotherapy with other drugs to treat lung cancer. The stock gave the biggest push to the S&P and the Dow. AstraZeneca and Bristol-Myers, which are also developing similar therapies, dropped 1.3 percent and 2.7percent, respectively. Rite Aid rose 3.8 percent to $8.64 after the NY Post reported that the drugstore operator's deal to be acquired by Walgreens would be approved this month. Walgreens rose 2.6 percent. Advancing issues outnumbered decliners on the NYSE by 1,565 to 1,212. On the Nasdaq, 1,324 issues fell and 1,285 advanced. The S&P 500 index showed 12 new 52-week highs and two new lows, while the Nasdaq recorded 59 new highs and eight new lows. (Reporting by Yashaswini Swamynathan in Bengaluru; Editing by Savio D'Souza) Next In Market News Colombia arrests ex-senator linked to Odebrecht graft scandal BOGOTA/SAO PAULO, Jan 15 Colombian authorities have arrested a former senator for allegedly taking $4.6 million in bribes to help Odebrecht SA win a road-building contract, as fallout from a massive corruption scandal continues to bite Latin America's No. 1 engineering firm. US insurers get inside cars, mouths, grocery carts in profit search NEW YORK, Jan 15 Twice a day, Scott Ozawa's Bluetooth-enabled toothbrush tells his dental insurer if he brushed for a full two minutes. In return, the 41-year-old software engineer gets free brush heads and the employer which bought his insurance gets premium discounts. MIDEAST STOCKS - Factors to watch - Jan 15 DUBAI, Jan 15 Here are some factors that may affect Middle East stock markets on Sunday. Reuters has not verified the press reports and does not vouch for their accuracy. MORE FROM REUTERS Sponsored Content From Around the Web Promoted by Taboola Trending Stories Photos of the week Photos of the week Sponsored Topics X Follow Reuters: Follow Us On Twitter Follow Us On Facebook Follow Us On RSS Follow Us On Instagram Follow Us On YouTube Follow Us On LinkedIn Subscribe: Feeds | Newsletters | Podcasts | Apps Reuters News Agency | Brand Attribution Guidelines Reuters is the news and media division of Thomson Reuters. Thomson Reuters is the world's largest international multimedia news agency, providing investing news, world news, business news, technology news, headline news, small business news, news alerts, personal finance, stock market, and mutual funds information available on Reuters.com, video, mobile, and interactive television platforms. Learn more about Thomson Reuters products: Eikon Information, analytics and exclusive news on financial markets - delivered in an intuitive desktop and mobile interface Elektron Everything you need to empower your workflow and enhance your enterprise data management World-Check Screen for heightened risk individual and entities globally to help uncover hidden risks in business relationships and human networks Westlaw Build the strongest argument relying on authoritative content, attorney-editor expertise, and industry defining technology ONESOURCE The most comprehensive solution to manage all your complex and ever-expanding tax and compliance needs CHECKPOINT The industry leader for online information for tax, accounting and finance professionals All quotes delayed a minimum of 15 minutes. See here for a complete list of exchanges and delays. Site Feedback Corrections Advertising Guidelines AdChoices Terms of Use Privacy Policy
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login MENU Latest Stock Picks News Investing News Fool Podcasts Guides How to Invest Retirement Personal Finance Motley Fool Answers Options Trading Find a Broker Compare IRA Accounts ETF - Exchange Traded Funds Community Discussion Boards CAPS More About Help My Fool My Fool My Profile My Watchlist My Scorecard My Boards My CAPS My Reports My Subscriptions My Settings Premium Advice My Services None Other Services None Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Search Search: 3 Charts Every Bristol-Myers Squibb Shareholder Needs to See Bristol-Myers Squibb's CEO gives reasons to be optimistic about the stock at the J.P. Morgan Healthcare Conference. Keith Speights (TMFFishBiz) Jan 11, 2017 at 9:41AM Bristol-Myers Squibb (NYSE:BMY) shareholders were understandably disappointed in August when results from a late-stage study of Opdivo as a first-line lung cancer treatment were announced. Opdivo's failure in that study knocked more than 30% off Bristol-Myers Squibb's market cap, although it has rebounded somewhat since then. On Tuesday, CEO Giovanni Caforio spoke at the J.P. Morgan Healthcare Conference. For shareholders wanting reassurance that the company was still on the right track, Caforio provided plenty of reasons to be confident about the future. Here are three charts from Caforio's presentation that every Bristol-Myers Squibb shareholder needs to see.  Image source: Getty Images. Some perspective It's easy to forget just how successful Opdivo has been in light of the poor results from the first-line lung cancer study. Caforio mentioned that that the drug has received approval for 10 indications in just two years. The significance of that achievement might not register at first, but consider that Roche's (NASDAQOTH:RHHBY) pioneering cancer drug Avastin has only nine approved indications -- but it took 11 years to get all of them.  Of course, gaining approval for indications is one thing. Turning those approvals into commercial success is another. On that front, Opdivo (and BMS's immuno-oncology program in general) has performed quite nicely. Take a look at the following sales trends from 2016. Image source: Bristol-Myers Squibb. There's no doubt that Merck (NYSE:MRK) will gain ground this year with Keytruda. The same is true for Roche with Tecentriq. Caforio acknowledged in his comments at the J.P. Morgan conference that there would definitely be challenges in the lung cancer market in 2017. As more patients are tested for expression of programmed death-ligand 1 (PD-L1), sales for Keytruda and Tecentriq will grow at Opdivo's expense. Merck and Roche will likely open up a lead over Bristol-Myers Squibb at least in the short term. Combos are key Caforio was quick to point out, though, that the real opportunity in treating lung cancer is with combination therapies rather than monotherapies. BMS saw this with melanoma, with combo regimens quickly becoming the standard of care. Caforio expects history to repeat itself with the lung cancer market. That brings us to the second chart that Bristol-Myers Squibb shareholders will want to see. The drugmaker is on the way to becoming a "combos-R-us" for oncology with Opdivo. Image source: Bristol-Myers Squibb. This chart shows 14 data readouts over the next 24 months for 10 different types of cancer. And these are all late-stage studies. Positive results could lead to possible regulatory approval. That's what Bristol-Myers Squibb is banking on. More than Opdivo Opdivo seems to get all of the attention these days, but remember that Bristol-Myers Squibb has another enormously successful drug with significant growth potential. Sales for Eliquis came in just under $2.4 billion in the first nine months of 2016 -- only slightly behind Opdivo. That figure nearly doubled sales for the anticoagulant in the prior-year period. Caforio talked briefly about how Eliquis continues to gain market share. The following chart (actually two charts in one) shows just how much market share the drug is winning. Image source: Bristol-Myers Squibb. A little explanation of these charts is in order. "NBRx" on the chart on the left refers to new-to-brand prescriptions, which count prescriptions for patients who have never been on the brand before. "NOAC" stands for new oral anti-coagulant, while "AFib + VTE-Tx" refers to the atrial fibrillation and  venous thromboembolism (VTE) prescription drug market. "TRx" on the right chart y-axis legend simply means total prescription share. These charts show that Eliquis rapidly surpassed Pradaxa and Savaysa in market share among all prescribing physicians. It took a little longer to do so for Xarelto. As of late 2016, Eliquis had gained more market share than any of these drugs as well as topping longtime anti-coagulant therapy Warfarin. The bottom line is that Eliquis is and should continue to be a big winner for BMS. Looking ahead Caforio said that Bristol-Myers Squibb's pipeline is as strong or perhaps even stronger than it's ever been. He wasn't only referring to the many late-stage programs like the Opdivo combo studies. BMS has several phase 1 and phase 2 studies in therapeutic areas with opportunities for significant growth, including cardiovascular diseases, immunoscience, and fibrotic diseases. While threats from Merck and Roche might dominate discussions about Bristol-Myers Squibb in 2017, it's important to know that the company's long-term prospects remain quite good. Giovanni Caforio's charts from the J.P. Morgan conference help show why. Keith Speights has no position in any stocks mentioned. The Motley Fool has no position in any of the stocks mentioned. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author Keith Speights (TMFFishBiz) Keith began writing for the Fool in 2012 and focuses primarily on healthcare investing topics. His background includes serving in management and consulting for the healthcare technology, health insurance, medical device, and pharmacy benefits management industries. Follow @keithspeights Article Info Jan 11, 2017 at 9:41AM Health Care Stocks JPMorgan Chase NYSE:JPM $86.70 up $0.46 (0.53%) Merck and Co. NYSE:MRK $62.34 up $0.13 (0.21%) Bristol-Myers Squibb NYSE:BMY $56.22 down $0.33 (-0.58%) Roche Holding Ltd. (ADR) NASDAQOTH:RHHBY $29.62 up $0.21 (0.72%) Read More 3 Great Dividend Stocks in the Bargain Bin for Retirees 3 Beaten-Up Healthcare Stocks: Are They Bargains? 2016's Worst Clinical Failures After Opdivo's Failure, Is Merck a Better Buy Than Bristol-Myers? Pfizer and Bristol-Myers Squibb Could Face a Big Threat from Small Biotech Exelixis Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Terms of Use Privacy Policy Accessibility Policy Copyright, Trademark and Patent Information Terms and Conditions © 1995 - 2017 The Motley Fool. All rights reserved. Current themotleyfool 3 Charts Every Bristol-Myers Squibb Shareholder Needs to See #stocks $JPM, $MRK, $BMY, $RHHBY
HOME EDITION News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Investing Trading Nation Trader Talk Financial Advisors Personal Finance CNBC Explains Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Recode Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows Watch Live CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Full Episodes More Log In | Register Log Out News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Consumer Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Halftime Portfolio Squawk Box Portfolio Take a Tour Subscribe Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Investing Trading Nation Trader Talk Financial Advisors Personal Finance CNBC Explains Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Recode Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Special Reports Modern Medicine FinTech CNBC Upstart 25 Retail Report Future Opportunities Davos Your Money, Your Future Original Series Executive Edge Trading Nation Futures Now Retire Well The Pulse @ 1 Market The Bottom Line CNBC Events Davos Delivering Alpha eMerge Americas iCONIC Conference Cambridge Cyber Summit Sohn Conference Follow CNBC EDITION Register Log In Profile Email Preferences PRO Sign Out Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Halftime Portfolio Squawk Box Portfolio Take a Tour Subscribe LIVE TV Watch CNBC TV Watch CNBC Pro Watchlist X × × × US Markets Market Movers Dow 30 NASDAQ 100 IQ 100 Sectors World Heat Map US Americas Asia EU Nasdaq notches record closing high despite health care weakness after Trump news conference Fred Imbert | @foimbert Wednesday, 11 Jan 2017 | 4:23 PM ETCNBC.com SHARES show chapters Stocks off session highs following Trump news conference    Wednesday, 11 Jan 2017 | 1:05 PM ET | 01:34 U.S. equities closed higher in choppy trade on Wednesday, shrugging off a sharp decline in health care stocks following remarks made by President-elect Donald Trump. "We have to get our drug industry coming back. Our drug industry has gotten disastrous. They're leaving left and right," Trump said at his first news conference since winning the U.S. election. The Nasdaq composite fell after Trump made his remarks, as the iShares Nasdaq Biotechnology ETF (IBB) fell 3 percent. The tech-heavy index, however, ended the session 0.2 percent higher at a record closing level. The S&P 500 advanced 0.3 percent, shrugging off a 1 percent decline in health care. Energy stocks led the way in the S&P, rising 1.2 percent. Randy Frederick, vice president of trading and derivatives at Charles Schwab, said the stock market has largely given Trump the benefit of the doubt. He said that would change after the inauguration. "After that point, his actions will become more important versus what he says," he said. The Dow Jones industrial average closed about 99 points higher, with Goldman Sachs and IBM contributing the most gains. The blue-chips index briefly turned lower after Trump's remarks on the pharmaceutical industry. Dow intraday chartSource: FactSet Investors came into the news conference looking for clues about his proposed policies. Stocks in the U.S. have rallied sharply since Trump's victory, amid hope that the incoming administration will cut corporate taxes, deregulate certain sectors and inject fiscal stimulus into the economy. Trump's news conference concluded without him providing details on these policies. "We need some concrete numbers. We haven't sold off because there hasn't been a reason to do so. That said, you're dealing with some pretty nervous longs here," said JJ Kinahan, chief market strategist at TD Ameritrade. "Our hope is that these three policies will be enacted and a more pragmatic approach will be taken to trade and immigration," said Jon Adams, senior investment strategist at BMO Global Asset Management. He also said he expects Trump to wait until the after the inauguration to provide more guidance on his policies. That said, some of the president-elect's tweets have raised concerns among investors. Since Nov. 8, Trump has taken to Twitter to criticize companies that planned to send jobs overseas rather than create them in the United States. He has also threatened to levy a high border tax against those firms. Spencer Platt | Getty Images Traders work on the floor of the New York Stock Exchange "What's interesting about Trump is he's sort of managed to work around the traditional news cycle," said Tom Siomades, head of Hartford Funds Investment Consulting Group. "The market is also grappling with that, too." "Companies like Airbus and Boeing will not only have to think about their input cost, but they will also have to pay attention to (the) PR perspective," said Naeem Aslam, chief market analyst at Think Markets. Separately, Trump's nominee for secretary of State Rex Tillerson, testified on Capitol Hill at his confirmation hearing. Tillerson, the former Exxon Mobil CEO, has raised concerns among most of the Democratic members of the Senate Foreign Relations Committee and Republican Marco Rubio, given his lack of public service experience and close ties to Russia. "There's so much that could come out from those hearings," said Hartford Funds' Siomades. "This cast of characters is not well known, and the market could react to that." Wall Street also braced itself for the start of earnings season, as banking giants JPMorgan Chase and Bank of America, among others, are slated to report quarterly results on Friday. "I think we're going to get a good earnings season," said Bruce McCain, chief investment strategist at Key Private Bank. "The question is can the market sustain the euphoria with what could still be considered relatively modest earnings growth." In the bond market, meanwhile, U.S. Treasurys traded higher after Trump's news conference, with the benchmark 10-year note yield falling to 2.365 percent and the two-year note yield holding near 1.18 percent. The U.S. dollar fell 0.2 percent against a basket of currencies after trading higher, with the euro near $1.057 and the yen around 115.38. The pound briefly fell around 1 percent against the dollar, breaking below $1.21. Sterling last traded at $1.22. Overseas, European equities traded higher, with the pan-European Stoxx 600 index advancing 0.23 percent. In Asia, Chinese stocks closed lower overnight, with the Shanghai composite dropping 0.79 percent, while the Japanese Nikkei 225 recorded a gain of 0.33 percent. Symbol Name Price   Change %Change DJIA --- S&P 500 --- NASDAQ --- The Dow Jones industrial average rose 98.75 points, or 0.5 percent, to close at 19,954.28, with Merck leading advancers and Pfizer lagging. The S&P 500 rose 6.42 points, or 0.28 percent, to end at 2,275.32, with energy leading eight sectors higher and health care the top decliner. The Nasdaq composite advanced 11.83 points, or 0.21 percent, to close at 5,563.65. About two stocks advanced for every decliner at the New York Stock Exchange, with an exchange volume of 878.84 million and a composite volume of 3.563 billion at the close. The CBOE Volatility Index (VIX), widely considered the best gauge of fear in the market, rose 1.13 percent to trade at 11.25. Correction: This story has been updated to reflect that the Nasdaq composite had not hit a new high as of midmorning ET. On tap this week: Wednesday Earnings: KB Home Thursday Earnings: Taiwan Semiconductor, Infosys, Shaw Communications, Delta Airlines 8:30 a.m. Philadelphia Fed President Patrick Harker 8:45 a.m. Chicago Fed President Charles Evans and Atlanta Fed's Lockhart on a panel 8:30 a.m. Initial claims 8:30 a.m. Import prices 12:30 p.m. Atlanta Fed's Lockhart 1:00 p.m. $12 billion 30-year bond auction 1:15 p.m. St. Louis Fed President James Bullard 1:45 p.m. Dallas Fed President Rob Kaplan 2:00 p.m. Federal budget 7:00 p.m. Fed Chair Janet Yellen holds town hall with educators Friday Earnings: JPMorgan Chase, Bank of America, PNC Financial,Wells Fargo, First Republic Bank, BlackRock 8:30 a.m. Retail sales 8:30 a.m. PPI 9:30 a.m. Philadelphia Fed's Harker 10:00 a.m. Consumer sentiment 10:00 a.m. Business inventories Fred ImbertNews Associate Related Securities Symbol Price   Change %Change DJIA --- GS --- To view this site, you need to have JavaScript enabled in your browser, and either the Flash Plugin or an HTML5-Video enabled browser. Download the latest Flash player and try again. Playing Share this video... × Watch Next...
Fox News Fox Business Fox News Go Fox News Radio Fox Nation Fox News Insider Fox News Health Expand/Collapse Search Home Video Politics U.S. Opinion Business Entertainment Tech Science Health Travel Lifestyle World On Air Health Home Men's Health Women's Health Children's Health Alternative Medicine Diabetes Heart Health Nutrition & Fitness CANCER FDA accepts Merck application for lung cancer combo therapy Published January 11, 2017 Reuters Facebook0 Twitter0 livefyre Email Print Merck & Co on Tuesday said the FDA agreed to a speedy review of its application to combine its immunotherapy drug Keytruda with chemotherapy as an initial treatment for advanced lung cancer, potentially giving it a major leg up in the competition for the largest cancer market. Merck said the U.S. Food and Drug Administration would decide by May 10 whether to approve the Keytruda combination therapy, sending the drugmaker's shares more than 3 percent higher. "This comes as an important surprise because if FDA approves the application, Merck would suddenly be catapulted ahead of all other (immunotherapy) competitors who are also pursuing competing combination regimens of their own," Bernstein analyst Tim Anderson said in a research note, mentioning Roche, Bristol-Myers Squibb and AstraZeneca. Merck had not previously indicated that it was close to filing for the combination therapy. Industry analysts had been looking for this news toward the end of the year. Keytruda alone is already approved as an initial, or first-line, treatment for advanced lung cancer in patients whose tumors have a high level of PD-L1 expression, the protein that the drug targets to help the immune system fight cancer. More on this... Fox & Friends: Janice Dean discusses FDA delay of promising MS drug FDA probes dangers of exploding e-cigarette batteries Obstetricians balk at FDA warning on anesthesia in pregnant women This first application for Keytruda in combination with another medicine would include patients with metastatic or advanced non-squamous non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC) regardless of PD-L1 expression level, opening up a much larger market for the medicine. Patients with high PD-L1 expression account for only about a quarter of all lung cancer patients. Evercore ISI estimated the market for first-line lung cancer for all patients could be as high as $14 billion. "While Merck is unlikely to durably penetrate this entire population, especially with multiple competing regimens on the horizon, an approval in May would give them a significant first-mover advantage," Evercore analyst John Scotti wrote. Keytruda is already also approved to treat advanced melanoma, the deadliest of skin cancers, and head and neck cancers. Merck shares rose to $62 in extended trading from a New York Stock Exchange close at $59.92. Advertisement Trending in Health 1 There's a scientific reason women are always colder than men 2 Huntington, W. Va.: The Nation's Unhealthiest City 3 Surviving Cancer 4 Can women orgasm during childbirth? 5 Can a cold shower really benefit your hair, skin and metabolism? See all Trends Top Health Centers View All Back Pain Cancer Depression Heart Disease Pain Management Sexual Health Beauty & Skin Cold and Flu Digestive Health Nutrition Pregnancy Site Index Sections Home Video Politics U.S. Opinion Entertainment Tech Science Health Travel Lifestyle World Sports Weather On Air Tools Live Video Trending Newsletters Alerts Blogs Mobile Podcasts Radio Fox News Store Apps & Downloads About Careers College Students Fox Around the World Advertise With Us New Terms of Use (What's New) New Privacy Policy Ad Choices Contact Us Email Newsroom FAQ Media Relations Follow Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn RSS Newsletters Fox News Back to Top This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. ©2017 FOX News Network, LLC. All rights reserved. All market data delayed 20 minutes. New Privacy - New Terms of Use (What's New) - FAQ
  Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Wires Home My Profile Logout Login Feedback DailyMail NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad US STOCKS-Merck lifts Dow; S&P, Nasdaq flat ahead of Trump speech By Reuters Published: 09:56 EST, 11 January 2017 | Updated: 09:56 EST, 11 January 2017 e-mail By Yashaswini Swamynathan Jan 11 (Reuters) - Healthcare stocks boost the Dow early on Wednesday, while the S&P 500 and the Nasdaq were flat ahead of Donald Trump's first formal news conference, where he is expected to give more insight into his plans to boost economic growth. The U.S. President-elect, who takes office on Jan. 20, is scheduled to speak in New York at 11:00 a.m. ET (1600 GMT). Trump's election in November sparked a record-setting rally. But, investors now want evidence on if and how he keeps his campaign-trail promises of stimulating the economy though increased public spending, tax cuts and repatriating U.S. companies' funds from overseas. The dollar, which has also basked in Trump's victory, rose to 102.53. However, concerns over some of his protectionist statements have kept investors wary. Oil prices also helped keep the equity market afloat, rising for the first time in three days after Saudi Arabia provided details of a February supply cut to some of its Asian customers. "The overall technical picture for the stock market remains firm and we look for commodities to be the market leaders of the day, thereby, keeping the markets upward trend in place," Peter Cardillo, chief market economist at First Standard Financial, said in a note. Investors are also closely watching the corporate earnings season, which kicks off with big banks on Friday, to see if financial results can support the lofty valuations Wall Street is trading at. The combined profit of S&P 500 companies is estimated to have risen 5.8 percent in the fourth quarter - the best in three years - largely helped by financials stocks, according to Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S. At 9:37 a.m. ET (1437 GMT), the Dow Jones Industrial Average was up 26.22 points, or 0.13 percent, at 19,881.75 and the S&P 500 was down 0.53 points, or 0.02 percent, at 2,268.37. The Nasdaq was down 1.58 points, or 0.03 percent, at 5,550.24. Eight of the 11 major S&P sectors were higher, with the healthcare sector's 0.25 percent rise the biggest boost. The sector is set for its seventh straight day of gains. Merck surged nearly 5 percent to $62.89 after the FDA agreed to a speedy review of the company's application to combine immunotherapy with other drugs to treat lung cancer. The stock gave the biggest push to the S&P and the Dow. AstraZeneca and Bristol-Myers, which are also developing similar therapies, dropped 0.7 percent and 1.4 percent, respectively. Rite Aid rose 3.8 percent to $8.64 after the NY Post reported that the drugstore operator's deal to be acquired by Walgreens would be approved this month. Walgreens rose 1.7 percent. New York Federal Reserve President William Dudley is expected to speak on banking regulations at 01:20 p.m. ET. Declining issues outnumbered advancers on the NYSE by 1,351 to 1,179. On the Nasdaq, 1,263 issues fell and 873 advanced. The S&P 500 index showed five new 52-week highs and no new lows, while the Nasdaq recorded 31 new highs and six new lows. (Reporting by Yashaswini Swamynathan in Bengaluru; Editing by Savio D'Souza) Share or comment on this article e-mail Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article. Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail     DON'T MISS 'It's a huge shock': Binky Felstead reveals she is expecting her first baby with on/off co-star Josh Patterson... but they're 'still not officially together' PICTURE EXCLUSIVE Kourtney Kardashian, 37, wears a sheer bra for late-night rendezvous with former flame Justin Bieber, 22 'I was on the verge of a breakdown' : Olly Murs' mother reveals her heartache that son Ben has disowned the family over X Factor row Katy Perry debuts dramatic blonde dye-job as she surprise Orlando Bloom with a secret 40th birthday bash in Palm Springs Scarlet siren! Myleene Klass flaunts her enviably toned figure in skimpy red bikini as she goes body-boarding during exotic family getaway in Sri Lanka 'He's so proud of her': Danniella Westbrook set to appear on Loose Women with son Kai as she continues comeback following cocaine relapse Lewis Hamilton turns heads in bright yellow hoodie while arriving at LAX... as 'Valtteri Bottas' switch from Williams to Mercedes is set to be clarified' Paris Hilton flaunts her slender waist and endless legs in gold-embroidered LBD as she attends Milan Men's Fashion Week  'Show us the chopper!': Chloe Ferry demands Jamie O'Hara flashes his manhood... as Kim Woodburn and James Cosmo blast her 'gross' behaviour 'I'm gutted with myself!': CBB's James Jordan apologises to Jamie O'Hara after 'mugging him off' by calling him a 'washed-up footballer' Blac Chyna only has eyes for Rob Kardashian as the couple pack on the PDA for a flight to NYC The pair looked besotted at JFK airport Sunday 'We didn't go out of our way to keep it secret': Katherine Kelly reveals she has given birth to a second child called Rose after keeping pregnancy under wraps Baby and me! Olivia Wilde snuggles her newborn protectively as she enjoys a brisk walk in frosty Brooklyn Daisy in tow for the Sunday stroll Elizabeth Hurley, 51, looks incredibly youthful in blue midi dress with cross-shoulder detail as she attends Milan Men's Fashion Week Have Ellen DeGeneres and wife Portia de Rossi found an Australian home? Talk show host and actress request an inspection of $5.8 million Victoria mansion  'I can't work out whether it's amazing, genius or the worst episode I've seen!': Sherlock fans go wild over 'gory' series finale  New John le Carre spy drama for TV: BBC to follow up success of The Night Manager with adaptation of The Spy Who Came In From The Cold  'I have literally nothing to hide': Fitspo star Kayla Itsines opens up about the benefits of her drink and drug-free lifestyle as she poses for stunning shoot in Vogue Australia Josie Gibson winces as she suffers a nasty fall during training for The Jump in Austria... as Eddie 'The Eagle' Edwards is 'AXED from disaster-prone show for voicing safety concerns 'I still have a hangover!' Rebecca Judd complains about her 'rough day' after partying at the Portsea Polo as she laments about returning to work  'You're a fat slob!': CBB's Kim Woodburn and James Jordan become embroiled in a furious row with the cleaner claiming 'no one can stomach him'  Married at last? Sonia Kruger, 51 sparks speculation she has wed long-term partner Craig McPherson after stepping out while sporting a ring on THAT finger Wet 'n' wild! Alessandra Ambrosio displays her flawless physique in very tiny black bikini as she enjoys a dip in the sea in Brazil PICTURE EXCLUSIVE Kristin Cavallari relaxes in a bikini as she hires a yacht to celebrate Jay Cutler's 30th With their three young children Getting pizza all over her frock, 'shooing away' a cocktail waitress and interrupting interviews: Nicole Kidman's 'bizarre behaviour' at the Golden Globes revealed One piece wonder! Kelly Bensimon, 49, flaunts her figure in sexy black one piece with hip side cutouts Proved you don't need a bikini to look sexy Tamara Ecclestone shares cute pictures of her daughter Sophia, 2, showing off her skiing skills before enjoying a pony ride in Gstaad Enjoying Switzerland Making a stellar appearance! Nicole Richie snuggles up in star-spangled unicorn onesie at pyjama party Held hands with rocker husband, Joel Madden Dressed down Kylie Jenner giggles as she enjoys a night out at a burger joint with boyfriend Tyga She's notan expensive date. A royal faux pas? The Crown's Matt Smith spotted smoking 'suspicious looking cigarette' outside a London pub while on a night out with pals  Moving Swift-ly on? Giggling Tom Hiddleston is spotted bidding farewell to a mystery brunette during evening stroll back in London 'Mariah's filled with regret over James': Carey has 'reached out' to ex-fiance Packer to help her brand recover after New Year's Eve lip-syncing saga Church time! Gwen Stefani is a model mum in plaid as she attends worship services with her three sons Headed to church in Los Angeles on Sunday 'She's finally happy again': Cassandra Thorburn is willing to forgive ex-husband Karl Stefanovic and move on following their high profile split Hidden Figures counts up $20.5 million as it holds on to top spot at the box office for a second weekend About mathematicians who helped NASA put John Glenn into space  The reality of Instagram! Pia Muehlenbeck's hilarious before and after shots reveal what REALLY happens when models try to take the perfect beach shot 'Pajama jammy jam!' Kourtney Kardashian cuddles up to Kim's bestie Chrissy Teigen at Cash Warren's star-studded PJ party 'I will be ok!' Priyanka Chopra updates fans after dangerous fall on Quantico set left her with concussion Left hospitalised after a nasty fall  'I left the hospital looking 5 months pregnant': Peta Murgatroyd says 'real life' means female bodies don't just shrink back into shape Former TOWIE star Abi Clarke flaunts her eye-popping assets as she goes braless in extreme plunging playsuit and thigh-highs on night out She's got a lot of cheek! Bikini clad Holly Hagan flaunts her perky derriere in sizzling belfies during romantic breakaway to Thailand 'She's like my wife!' Amanda Peet describes relationship with BFF Sarah Paulson as 'intense and visceral' after THAT Golden Globes red carpet kiss 'I don't want to be at the centre of attention': Amanda Seyfried opens up about her upcoming wedding to Thomas Sadoski as she stuns in Prada on the cover of Vogue Australia Shedding for the wedding? Bonnie Sveen reveals her dramatic slim-down amid rumours her boyfriend Nathan Gooley is ready to pop the question Ariana Grande showcases her slender pins in sexy Instagram to promote her Dangerous Woman Tour Sultry shot of herself donning a black unitard 'Fastest retirement in history': Steven Jacobs returns to Today's weather segment less than two months after departing to live in Vanuatu 'Back in action': Yolanda Hadid shares behind the scenes shot as she joins daughter Gigi on Tommy Hilfiger shoot 'Causing trouble with him': Louise Thompson flaunts her toned body in yet ANOTHER workout video with beau Ryan Libbey... as she claims she's gained weight on holiday 'If I don't get a husband after this...': Jessica Wright embodies Christina Aguilera in raunchy leather chaps on new show Dance Dance Dance Is the sun setting on Sam and Kochie? Sunrise co-host David Koch 'wants Armytage replaced with Edwina Bartholomew' as ratings battle with Today Show's Karl and Lisa heats up Always camera ready! Jennifer Lopez turns shopping trip into a modelling shoot as she poses against a wall   Jennifer Lopez doesn't do casual. 'A bit of graft and willpower': Vicky Pattison shows off her incredibly toned figure in a sexy orange bikini at health retreat in Portugal after vowing to lose 10lbs 2DayFM 'under fire' after it's revealed new 'Sydney' breakfast show will be broadcast from Melbourne after Sam Frost and Rove McManus get dumped Amanda Seyfried shows off her bump in a grey sweater on outing with fiancé Thomas Sadoski Confirmed her first pregnancy in November 'No greater blessing than family!' Ciara's boy supports stepdad Russell Wilson's team... while his birth father Future backs the other side She's back! Kim Kardashian is her old self again as she sits astride a buggy and poses with a falcon on Dubai modelling shoot 'They're speaking all the time': Blake Garvey has been a 'shoulder to cry on' for Sam Frost following Bachelorette's split from Sasha Mielczarek Bikini-clad Billie Lourd holds hands with Taylor Lautner on sunshine break after the death of mother Carrie Fisher Mourning her mother and grandmother They played in Chelsea! Frankie Bridge celebrates her 27th birthday with retired footballer husband Wayne  Tina Fey pays tribute to Carrie Fisher as she appears in hologram form on Saturday Night Live Admitted she was 'nervous' about the gig Three generations of Beckham! David returns to Old Trafford with son Cruz and dad Ted as the trio watch Manchester United take on Liverpool 'Of course it's f*****g good to challenge your audience!' Sherlock creator Mark Gatiss slams fans who find the show confusing... and tells them to 'go read a children's book' 'Pound Shop today Harrods tomorrow!' Katie Price wraps up in a cosy designer ensemble during cut-price weekend shopping trip Looking bootyful! Kim Kardashian shows off her shapely rear in a form fitting white dress She's officially back at work, with a whirlwind tour of Dubai. 'Spray tan lyfe!' Ashley Graham strips down to her bikini as she flaunts her freshly tanned figure The plus-size stunner is a positive body image activist Prince George 'WON'T attend the same school as his father as Kate and William opt for smaller, more discreet pre-prep closer to Kensington Palace'  So good it's criminal! Busty Lauren Goodger flaunts her hourglass curves in saucy selfie... after supporting violent rap song penned by jailbird boyfriend's brother Before she shot to fame: Nicola McLean totes rifle as teen army cadet in newly-unveiled snaps... as pal Maria Fowler insists Tom Williams won't leave her over CBB flirting It's Kueen Kim! Kardashian is treated to a dance display as she gets the royal welcome in Dubai Now she knows how Kate Middleton feels EXCLUSIVE! Jessica Cunningham 'pretended she was sick' in order to ditch an online chat show deal at the last minute to enter the Big Brother house PJ-clad Jessica Alba plays beer pong at husband Cash Warren's birthday bash Also included a clip of designer Rachel Zoe engaging in the  sport Louise Thompson shows off her toned and tanned body in ANOTHER sun-soaked bikini snap on  break with boyfriend Ryan Libbey 'You just don't feel sexy!' The Hills star Audrina Patridge dishes on her love life after birth of baby daughter Kirra Thrill seeker! Ariel Winter squeals with delight as she takes her niece to Disneyland on her sixth birthday She was treating her to a day out Very cheeky! Chloe Madeley flashes her round posterior in racy grey swimsuit as she shares saucy belfie Flaunted her toned physique  Bare-faced beauty! Chloe Moretz keeps it casual in ripped sweatshirt and leggings Actress proved she doesn't need make-up or fancy clothes Getting fruity! Mollie King larks around with a pair of oranges in a skimpy bikini showing off her tanned flat stomach on holiday in Jamaica 'She's evil!': Scotty T slams 'thick' Geordie Shore co-star Chloe Ferry... after she left viewers DISGUSTED with her raunchy CBB antics Beefcake in Milan! Paris Hilton cosies up to muscle-bound models at Plein Sport runway show The reality TV icon later DJed the Sesto Sento Club in Lonato Former Corrie actress Katie Redford lands a new role on Archers after being axed from soap for lying about her age Axed two years ago She's got a lot of cheek! Bikini clad Holly Hagan flaunts her perky derriere and ample assets in sizzling selfie during sun soaked trip to Thailand He doesn't do things by halves! Rocco Ritchie can't contain his laughter as he breaks his skateboard in two while out and about in London MIC's Nicola Hughes puts on a leggy display in a chic olive dress as she enjoys a night out on the town Fun for all the family! Vanessa Paradis and new boyfriend Samuel Benchetrit appear downcast as they take Lily Rose Depp for a day of shopping in Paris Some helping hands! Blac Chyna heads to the mall with TWO nannies to help look after son King Cairo and baby Dream 'You're a very handsome man, aren't you?' CBB's Chloe Ferry flirts up a storm with bemused Calum Best... and offers to flash her VAGINA to everyone Christina Milian flaunts her ample cleavage in a saucy ensemble as she parties with BFF Karrueche Tran Thigh-grazing latex mini skirt 'She is smitten': Amber Heard said to be besotted with billionaire Elon Musk... as she prepares for 'new chapter' following Johnny Depp divorce Booty and the beach! Shirtless Gaz Beadle gets VERY tactile with bikini-clad girlfriend Emma McVey as he cheekily gropes her bum during romantic Emirates break The Apprentice's Frances Bishop displays her endless curves and perky posterior in skimpy bikini during sun soaked break to Dubai  Suki Waterhouse flaunts her tanned and toned physique in a skimpy bikini as she jogs along the beach in Mexico Went for a run along the Mayan Riviera Scarlett Moffatt highlights her dramatically slimmed down frame in a plunging floral minidress after making appearance on Sunday Brunch Plaid to see you! Pregnant Natalie Portman covers her large baby bump in a stylish checked jacket as she goes for leisurely park stroll Actress Emily Watson insists middle-aged sexuality is 'ignored' as she takes on new role as a cheating mother in racy BBC thriller  X Factor winner Matt Terry gets a kiss from a male pal as he enjoys a night out... after revealing Freddy Parker is moving out of their bachelor pad Lindsay Lohan cuts a chic figure in a quirky dog print co-ord as she enjoys a night out with a male friend in Milan   She's currently holidaying in one of the world's most stylish cities It's Compl-Ex! Danielle Bux grabs lunch with former husband-turned pal Gary Lineker in LA as they continue their budding friendship... then joins new man Nate Greenwald for dinner Lily James cuts a concerned figure as she talks anxiously on the phone...after boyfriend Matt Smith is spotted 'smoking suspicious cigarette'  Scarlett Moffatt looks slimmer than ever in all black ensemble as she hits the town with mum Betty... after fans urged 'gaunt' star to stop losing weight Shock for Harry's girl: Meghan Markle's BROTHER is arrested and charged with holding a gun to a woman's head 'in row during late night drinking session at his flat' Prince William will give up his career as a helicopter pilot to become a full-time royal as Queen hands over duties Girls' shopping trip! Katie Holmes takes daughter Suri Cruise to children's clothing store in LA Spotted on Saturday enjoying a bit of weekend quality time Mariah Carey sports plunging LBD as she and toyboy Bryan Tanaka step out in London Displayed her figure in a form-fitting dress  Pretty in pink! Lindsay Lohan steps out in sexy silky ensemble in Milan The 30-year-old former wild-child was spotted looking pretty in pink as she left her hotel in Milan PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Victoria Beckham wraps up in winter white polo neck as she enjoys girly day shopping with daughter Harper Back from the Maldives Sylvester Stallone's daughters Sophia, 20, and Sistine, 18, sizzles in coordinating black ensembles alongside their mother Jennifer at star-studded Dolce & Gabbana party Hunky dory: Hollywood heartthrobs Chris Hemsworth and Matt Damon catch up over dinner in LA with Chris' wife Elsa Pataky Blac Chyna in the red? Star threatened with lawsuit for $3million in 'unpaid fees' as 'longtime managers' claim she 'cut them out' of lucrative deals Gwen Stefani's ex-husband, Daisy Lowe's father, the singer from Bush, and now the coach contestants don't really want...Gavin Rossdale joins The Voice UK, by Jim Shelley Heard what James said? Pierce Brosnan looks stern during press conference... after chatshow host Corden labels him 'rudest' celebrity Sid Owen celebrates his 45th birthday by partying in London with pals including Jade Jones and Leigh Francis  Progress report! Justin Bieber checks in on protégé Madison Beer over dinner at trendy Catch LA BBC brands its OWN show 's**t' in awkward Twitter blunder as they retweet Let It Shine criticism  Danielle Lloyd snuggles up to fiancé Michael O'Neill on night out... as she admits to being a 'crazy b***h' after online trolls began targeting her when ex Jamie O'Hara entered CBB Why I never let Claudia Winkleman look in the mirror as a child: The Strictly host's mother EVE POLLARD says it's the best thing you can do for your daughters  'The day my world became complete': Stephanie Davis posts first adorable snap of baby boy... 'after revealing she'll name  son after stranger who chatted her up' 'Love on the sand': Photoshop enthusiast Natasha Oakley puts on a loved up display with beau Gilles Souteyrand  as she continues to holiday in the Caribbean Pajama party! Chrissy Teigen and John Legend rock ridiculous chicken themed onesies in hilarious snaps Georgia May Foote cosies up to new boyfriend George Alsford in a series of sunny snaps from romantic holiday Lisa Rinna, 53, sizzles in skintight leather trousers alongside her model daughter Delilah, 18, as they dine in LA 'Starting to see the results and it feels so good!' Jennifer Ellison reveals her slimmer physique after losing more than a stone in ONE month Actress Lily Collins: 'My famous surname made me work harder' Drummer's daughter was top of screen legend Warren Beatty's casting list for latest film 'Sometimes I can't breathe': Danielle Lloyd claims she has panic attacks and is 'too frightened' to leave the house due to trolling since ex Jamie O'Hara  appeared on CBB Bottoms up! Kirsten Dunst flaunts her toned pins and perky derriere in skintight denims as she hides her jaw-dropping engagement ring in LA 'When she's had a few drinks, she's crazy': CBB's Jamie O'Hara slams ex-wife Danielle Lloyd as he claims she's 'absolutely crackers' on a night out Eagle-eyed fans point out embarrassing EastEnders gaffe... as Mick Carter celebrates his 40th birthday on the WRONG date Fierce fashion instincts! Mandy Moore rocks chic animal print gown at Elle's Women in Television honors Pink throws daughter Willow Sage celebratory 'big sister party' as she lovingly cradles newborn son Jameson Moon Victoria Beckham 'takes legal action to block Spice Girls reunion'... as Geri Horner announces she's leaving GEM to focus on her family' 'It's nice to feel you've got support!' One Direction's Louis Tomlinson praises former bandmate Zayn Malik as he wins two nominations at 2017 BRIT Awards Spellbinding! Jessica Biel shows off her shapely legs in cut-out skirt as she attends premiere party for Just Add Magic EXCLUSIVE: ITV stalwarts Phillip Schofield and Holly Willoughby can't contain their laughter as they join glamorous Lorraine Kelly in new promo Kim Kardashian's former bodyguard breaks his silence on Paris robbery and says he's 'not avoiding anything' about the heist or WHY he was sacked 'I trained her like an athlete': Khloe Kardashian's trainer spills the secrets behind the star's enviable body - including countless squats, 'sled pushing' and intense boxing Beach bum! Instagram sensation Pia Muehlenbeck flaunts pert posterior and ample assets oceanside 'I wish R.I.P. meant Return If Possible': Celine Dion unveils powerful new a cappella song in tribute to late husband Rene one year after his death 'It's an uphill struggle': Sienna Miller reveals she hasn't filmed a movie for a year claiming there 'aren't many great roles for women' Run Daniel, run! James Bond star Craig makes a dash for it through the busy streets to make it to the New York Theater in time for his performance in Othello Make-up free Kate Hudson bundles up in all black with red cap as she steps out with Kurt Russell in Beverly Hills 'When you have a rare cappuccino': Ronan Keating's pregnant wife Storm sips on coffee as she heads into her third trimester in a matter of weeks 'Thanks Uncle Snoop!' Miley Cyrus poses by a marijuana bar at weed-themed birthday party for boyfriend Liam Hemsworth Lamar Odom says the first he knew of his near fatal drugs overdose was waking up to find Khloé Kardashian at his side in hospital Sneak peak interview 'Bringin' the 80's back!' Lauren Pope flaunts her pert derriere in sizzling neon swimsuit as she enjoys Dubai holiday with new Geordie Shore beau Aaron Chalmers Pregnant Billie Faiers displays her blossoming baby bump in black bikini after jetting to Dubai for her 27th birthday celebration Brad Pitt looks relaxed as he hangs out with Sting and Chris Cornell at star-studded EB disease benefit in Malibu 'Current mood': Naomi Watts shares flashack photo of herself as a bored schoolgirl in Brides of Christ as she complains about being on set past midnight  'You're in the wrong, just shut up!' Kim Woodburn throws EPIC tantrum after Geordie Shore's Chloe Ferry 'soaks' her by jumping into the CBB hot tub Move over sisters! Kendall Jenner steals the Kardashian spotlight with racy HEADLESS bikini selfie that forces followers to check out her body Orange you glad she came! Shailene Woodley sizzles in vibrant statement coat at star-studded Elle's Women in Television bash 'I heard nothing and saw everything!' Twitter goes wild as Roxanne Pallett's actor ex strips off to reveal his rippling muscles after making it through on Let It Shine Love is in the air! Matthew McConaughey looks casually cool in a stylish camel coat as he and wife Camilla Alves jet over to New York City 'She was her enemy': Elizabeth Taylor 'disliked' Sophia Loren as she feared the siren could steal love Richard Burton away, new book claims 'I'm gutted!': Emma Willis reveals disappointment over Austin Armacost's shock eviction from CBB... as show bosses face backlash for his awkward exit GIRL ABOUT TOWN: Is Sheridan Smith pregnant? The 35-year-old actress is seen regularly rubbing her stomach while singing Selena Gomez and The Weeknd's romance didn't break the friend code with Bella Hadid... because 'they're only acquaintances' GIRL ABOUT TOWN: Harry and Meghan are set to slope off for a romantic break... but poor old William may miss his Alpine adventure with Kate  'Grooming day!': Jenna Dewan Tatum shows off flawless make-up free face during futuristic-like skin session From Hollywood to Bollywood! Ruby Rose reveals she has ambitions to cut it in Asian market Classic colors! Reese Witherspoon and Nicole Kidman shine in black and white ensembles at Elle's Women in Television celebration 'HAPPY Z DAY'! Taylor Swift celebrates Zayn Malik's birthday by teasing their Fifty Shades Darker music video Spot the rock! Kate Mara sports a large ring glinting on her left hand as it emerges that she is engaged to Fantastic Four co-star Jamie Bell Another baby on the way! Jeff Goldblum, 64, is expecting second child with wife Emilie Livingston, 33 Announcement on Instagram 'They're giving things another go': Stevi Ritchie and Chloe-Jasmine Whichello 'are back together'... four months after calling off their engagement 'My babies': Blac Chyna cuddles up to her nine-week-old daughter Dream and four-year-old son King Cairo in sweet Instagram video Getting ready for Washington DC! Caitlyn Jenner grabs a coffee as she prepares for her appearance at Donald Trump's inauguration Well-dressed in coral Seeking comfort from her sister! Bella Hadid visits Gigi in snowy New York after her ex The Weeknd is spotted kissing Selena Gomez Knowles... Run The World! Sisters Beyonce and Solange go head-to-head as they compete for Best International Female Solo Artist 2017 BRIT Award Bit awkward? Little Mix's Perrie Edwards and ex-fiance Zayn Malik will battle it out for best British single at the 2017 BRIT Awards  Nominations announced Transgender singer Anohni bags nomination for Best British Female at 2017 BRIT Awards... eleven years after she was up for Best British Male White hot! Hailey Baldwin shows off her taut tummy wearing white mesh in stunning retro swimsuit shots Sultry in series of solo posts on Instagram Sofia Richie flaunts lace bra and washboard abs in coordinated tracksuit as she attends Moschino Milan fashion show with Paris Hilton Back in a skintight minidress! Kim Kardashian is curvy in a cream number as she continues touring Dubai after $1,600 makeup masterclass She's back! Mandy Moore returns as Rapunzel in new Tangled: Before Ever After trailer Back in the gym! Ashley Graham kicks off 2017 with workout clip as she keeps her generous curves in check after a month-long holiday Nicola McLean reveals she no longer wears her wedding ring after hubby Tom Williams cheated... while Danielle Lloyd continues their feud on Twitter Let's get cracking! James Jordan and Jedward cause chaos as they break into the main house and egg the kitchen on Celebrity Big Brother 'I did advise': Brian Blessed warned George Lucas about Jar Jar Binks when filming Phantom Menace... and insists Alec Guinness did not hate Star Wars Riding high in Dubai! Kim Kardashian goes for dune buggy ride then plays with a falcon during busy UAE trip Ditches mini for a black top and maroon slacks Get the kid a psychologist': Jeremy McConnell appears bleary eyed as he parties with pals in Thailand as ex Stephanie Davis gives birth to a son 'Working on the bumper!' Vogue Williams displays her peachy posterior in skimpy bodysuit as she continues to train for The Jump 'This is begging for a pun!' Fans get smutty as Katie Price shares snap of hairless cat Dobbi perching on her behind during EIGHTH bum lift  Let one take a selfie! Prince Andrew and ex-wife Sarah Ferguson send out VERY unusual royal thank you cards to well-wishers over Christmas  GIRL ABOUT TOWN: So Royals do carry cash - and wear on-trend trainers! Stylish Duke of Kent, 81, withdraws wads of £20 notes near his Kensington Palace home  Here we go again! Pregnant Geri Horner 'quits Spice Girls reunion and leaves the group for the second time to focus on her family'  Priorities changed Brooklyn Beckham's former flame Sonia Ben Ammar looks effortlessly stylish as she walks for Dolce & Gabbana alongside Sofia Richie at Milan Men's Fashion Week EXCLUSIVE: MIC's Lucy Watson shows off toned and tanned figure skimpy pink bikini as she hits the beach in Barbados with hunky boyfriend James Dunmore 'You're right it does look like a penis!' Cheeky chap Tom Hardy laughs about his phallic signature as he signs autographs at LAX 'Things have to change': Reese Witherspoon nearly breaks down in tears as she talks importance of representing women on screen 'We're very, very close friends': Nicole Kidman looks lovely in dusty rose dress as she discusses bond with fellow actress Reese Witherspoon Picture purr-fect! Bella Thorne shows off her perfectly toned flat midriff while posing with her cat in makeup-free Snapchat photo New mum Rebekah Vardy leaves hospital alongside her father after welcoming baby boy with England striker Jamie Vardy Picture of health Mad about plaid! Melissa McCarthy, 46, shows off thinner frame in bright pantsuit as she reacts to Gilmore Girls' shocking conclusion Channing Tatum and wife Jenna Dewan coordinate in baseball hats with jeans while running errands with daughter Everly, three The BBC treated Only Fools and Horses stars as 'poor relations', claims Del Boy David Jason as he reveals why he's returned to our screens at 76 Her favorite role! Cate Blanchett gets back to mom duty during break from Broadway's The Present as she's bundled up with her kids in NYC 'He will always be in our hearts': Celine Dion pays tribute to late husband on first anniversary of his death with video full of flashback photos Dakota Fanning returns to TV for upcoming period thriller The Alienist ...15 years after her last regular series role on the small screen 'Be who you are': Paris Hilton flashes side boob in daring dress while sharing inspiring message after being spotted with mystery man in Mexico Head Start to Home Cooked Get Recipes more SHARE PICTURE Copy link to paste in your message Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Network This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Contributors Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
PMGroup PME Communiqué The Directory Quality in Care How to Advertise Privacy and cookies My Account Register Please login to the form below Not currently logged in Email: Password: I have forgotten my password PME Communiqué The Directory Opening up market access The Heart of the Matter Advanced search Home News Intelligence Thought leadership Appointments Awards Blogs Clinical Top Pharma List PMHub Jobs News Research Sales Marketing Regulatory Healthcare Jobs and recruitment Trending PMEA 2016 results AstraZeneca's durvalumab trial Novartis biosimilar sales Lilly's solanezumab results in Alzheimer's Remicade-biosimilar switch trial Ashley Communications celebrates 20 years of medical communications Looks forward with new business wins, including AbbVie and Merck & Co accounts Buckinghamshire, UK-based Ashley Communications marked two decades of medical communications consulting at the close of 2016, a year that saw the firm strengthen its position with several new business wins. The consultancy is set to put its expertise in strategic counsel, digital and patient engagement, clinical trial communications and opinion leader development to use for eight new clients this year. Among this number are big pharma firms Abbvie, Allergan and Merck & Co, as well as UK-based Abbott Diagnostics, opioid addiction specialist Indivior, Tokyo-based Otsuka, detection and informatics specialist Perkin Elmer and Torax Medical, a gastroenterology-focused firm. Ashley Communications chairman Chrissie Ashley, said: “Our key objective for 2016 was to broaden our client base and to fully utilise the therapeutic experience we have within our agency. “We are delighted with the results, which put us in a strong position starting 2017. “We also believe our partnership with Southwood research, which was announced earlier this year, has contributed to our success by providing a truly combined service that really adds value to the services we offer our clients.” Please enable JavaScript to view the comments. Article by Rebecca Clifford 11th January 2017 From: Marketing Share  Print Friendly Tags Related content Allergan buys regenerative medicine firm LifeCell for $2.9bn Wordbird’s role in ‘Glaucoma in perspective’ Deal Watch November 2016 Valeant adds Jeffrey Ubben to board The future of Pfizer(s) Related Hub content 90TEN nominated for five Communique Awards including Small Consultancy of the Year Wordbird’s role in ‘Glaucoma in perspective’ Glaucoma in perspective wins again for Wordbird at the PM Digital Awards Wordbird is delighted to have won a bronze PM Award and be shortlisted for two awards in the forthcoming OTC Awards PME Digital Edition Featured jobs Publications Manager – Med Comms Salary TBC Senior Medical Writer / Principal Medical Writer Great salary and benefits Scientific Lead - Med Comms Great salary and benefits Senior Director – Medical Education - Global Agency Salary TBC SAE & Account Manager - Victoria – Healthcare Advertising Salary TBC Project Director – Med Comms – Surrey Salary TBC Senior Account Manager or Account Director, Healthcare PR/ Commu... c£45 -55, 000 Global CEO, Healthcare Advertising/ Brand Communications, East C... Substantial Package Senior Account Manager / Jr AD - Consumer & Prescription – H... Salary TBC Account Director – Med Comms – Oxford Salary TBC Subscribe to our email news alerts Most read Most shared Latest content Novartis launches heart failure social network Pharma 'getting away with murder', says Trump Novartis boosts cardiovascular pipeline with $1bn Ionis deal The future of biotech AstraZeneca appoints head of oncology Greece steps up Novartis corruption probe after suicide attempt Gilead's Hepatitis B therapy Vemlidy granted EU approval Merck pays Vertex $230m upfront for cancer programmes NICE U-turn on Novartis' Afinitor for kidney cancer Shire pays record $350m to settle US kickback allegations Newron Pharma appoints commercial affairs VP Merck's Keytruda muscles further ahead of rivals in lung cancer PMHubAdd my company Any category... Advertising Branding Clinical research Conferences meetings events Creative and design Digital communications Homecare Industry associations IT solutions Management consultancies Manufacturing packaging logistics Market access Market research Marketing consultancies Media planning and buying Medical communications Medical education Patient support and adherence Pharmacy Print services Policy and government affairs Public relations Publishers Recruitment and career development Regulatory affairs Research and development Sales Training Translation services Weber Shandwick At Weber Shandwick, engagement has always been the cornerstone of health communications.We make health matter. Health is a basic human... Latest intelligence Challenging times It’s not an easy time for pharma, but there are opportunities for those companies that are willing to be true game changers... The modern doctor is a digital nomad How social networks have become the primary individual communication platforms for healthcare professionals... The 2017 trends issue of Perspective magazine is live In the 2017 trends edition of Perspective magazine, we explore how advances in technology are influencing the future of the expert-patient relationship and the role healthcare businesses can take in... Quick links Country reports Digital Handbook The Gallery Healthcare glossary How to advertise HTA guidance tracker Orphan drugs and rare diseases PME supplements Social media hub Webinars Infographics Multimedia<> Webinar: Customer engagement design Communiqué Awards 2015: Winners in pictures Communiqué Awards 2015: Gallery PMEA 2015: Winners in pictures PMEA 2015: Pictures About us Contact us How to advertise Site map All content copyright © PMGroup Worldwide Ltd 2017
President-elect Donald Trump to hold first press conference sinc - CBS46 News Member Center: Create Account| Log In Manage Account| Log Out SITE SEARCHWEB SEARCH BY Local News Crime Cobb DeKalb Fulton Gwinnett Other Counties Georgia Politics US and World News North Georgia drought and wildfires Traffic Gas Prices Web Links News Tips WeatheRate & 3° Guarantee 7-Day Forecast Hourly Forecast Weekend Forecast Photo Friday Current Temperatures Interactive Map Live Radar Weather Maps Daily Pollen Count Weather Cams with Radar School Closings Download the CBS46 Weather App Photos CBS46 Live Stream Watch CBS Shows Metro Atlanta HD Live Look Cams Better Call Harry Videos Ticket Tuesday Positively Georgia CBS46 Cares Books to Kids Events Atlanta Falcons Atlanta Braves Atlanta Hawks SEC College Sports News Meet the Staff Program Schedule Watch CBS Shows Peachtree TV CBS46 Deals Job openings Internships Contests Closed Captioning Connect With CBS46 Print President-elect Donald Trump to hold first press conference since July Posted: Wednesday, January 11, 2017 5:42 AM EST Updated: Wednesday, January 11, 2017 5:42 AM EST By WGCL Digital Team Source: MGN Online (CNN) - By Alanna Petroff President-elect Donald Trump is set to hold his first press conference since July and investors are hoping he will provide more detail on his plans for trade, taxes, jobs and Obamacare. He canceled a previously scheduled press conference in December where he was expected to outline how he'd deal with conflicts of interest arising from his sprawling business dealings. Trump is also likely to face questions about allegations that Russian operatives claim to have compromising personal and financial information about him. His comments at the conference -- much like his tweets -- will be closely dissected and have the potential to move markets around the world. 2. Rex Tillerson's confirmation: The U.S. Senate will hold a hearing today on the nomination of former ExxonMobil CEO Rex Tillerson to be the next secretary of state. The confirmation hearing around 9:15 a.m. ET is likely to focus on the oilman's relationship with Russian President Vladimir Putin. Tillerson is likely to be quizzed on climate change and energy policy as well. There's also a confirmation hearing scheduled on Wednesday for Elaine Chao, Trump's pick to lead the Transportation Department. 3. Premarket movers -- Merck, ADM: Shares in drug company Merck are getting a boost premarket after it revealed late Tuesday that the U.S. Food and Drug Administration is reviewing a license for a lung cancer treatment, Keytruda. It's going through an "accelerated approval" program. On the flip side, the agribusiness Archer Daniels Midland is seeing shares fall premarket after the company announced it signed a deal to buy a Kansas-based pet-food producer Crosswind Industries. This is the second big pet-related takeover this week. Candy-bar maker Mars announced on Monday that it's buying VCA, a pet health care business, in a multi-billion dollar deal. 4. Stocks to watch -- Samsung, Volkswagen, Sainsbury: Shares in Samsung performed well Wednesday despite news about its links to a growing corruption scandal. Prosecutors have named the heir to the Samsung empire as a suspect in a massive corruption scandal that has rocked South Korea. Samsung shares closed with a 2.8% gain. Volkswagen stock is also buoyant in Germany after the automaker announced it's negotiating a settlement with the U.S. Justice Department that would require it to pay $4.3 billion in fines and plead guilty to criminal wrongdoing over its diesel emission scandal. Shares in J Sainsbury are rallying in London after the grocery chain released a well-received business update for the holiday season. 5. Global market overview: U.S. stock futures are holding steady after a mixed trading day on Tuesday. The Nasdaq pushed to fresh record highs yesterday while the other two indexes didn't make many major moves. European trading is relatively muted right now while Asian markets are closing the day with mixed results. 6. Coming this week: Wednesday - Trump scheduled to give press conference; Tillerson confirmation hearing Thursday - Delta earnings  Friday - Bank of America, JPMorgan Chase and Wells Fargo report earnings TM & © 2017 Cable News Network, Inc., a Time Warner Company. All rights reserved. Do you think the Falcons will represent the NFC in Super Bowl LI? Falcons advance to NFC Championship game after defeat of Seahawks Yes No Connect with CBS46 Most Popular StoriesMost Popular StoriesMore>> Religious leader Eddie Long passes away after battle with cancer Religious leader Eddie Long passes away after battle with cancer Updated: Sunday, January 15 2017 2:15 PM EST2017-01-15 19:15:50 GMT Source: AP Images Bishop Eddie L. Long, viewed by many as one of the most influential faith leaders in the world, has passed away at the age of 63 after a battle with cancer. More > Bishop Eddie L. Long, viewed by many as one of the most influential faith leaders in the world, has passed away at the age of 63 after a battle with cancer.More > Kidnapped girl escapes from abandoned apartment complex Kidnapped girl escapes from abandoned apartment complex Updated: Friday, January 13 2017 10:42 PM EST2017-01-14 03:42:35 GMT A teenage girl flagged down Lubbock police on Friday afternoon, saying she had been kidnapped after school and kept in an abandoned apartment complex. More > A teenage girl flagged down Lubbock police on Friday afternoon, saying she had been kidnapped after school and kept in an abandoned apartment complex.More > Future plans laid out for Underground Atlanta Future plans laid out for Underground Atlanta Updated: Saturday, January 14 2017 2:00 PM EST2017-01-14 19:00:28 GMT Underground Atlanta is getting a major facelift. On Saturday, developers laid out more detailed plans for the shopping mall's future.  More > Underground Atlanta is getting a major facelift. On Saturday, developers laid out more detailed plans for the shopping mall's future. More > Six things not really falling apart in Georgia's 5th congressional district Six things not really falling apart in Georgia's 5th congressional district Updated: Saturday, January 14 2017 8:10 PM EST2017-01-15 01:10:28 GMT Not everything is falling apart in Georgia's fifth congressional district. More > Not everything is falling apart in Georgia's fifth congressional district. More > Woman who kidnapped baby at birth has metro Atlanta ties Woman who kidnapped baby at birth has metro Atlanta ties Updated: Saturday, January 14 2017 8:05 AM EST2017-01-14 13:05:39 GMT Source: National Center for Missing and Exploited Children A newborn baby abducted from her mother's hospital room in Florida in 1998 has been found alive in South Carolina. More > A newborn baby abducted from her mother's hospital room in Florida in 1998 has been found alive in South Carolina. More >    News Video Weather Photos Station Meet the Staff Program Schedule Job Openings Online Public File Closed Captioning Childrens Programming FCC EEO Public File Report Public File Contact All content © 2000- 2017 WGCL-TV. All Rights Reserved. For more information on this site, please read our Privacy Policy, and Terms of Service, and Ad Choices.
Home Mail Flickr Tumblr News Sports Finance Celebrity Answers Groups Mobile More Yahoo Search Search Skip to Navigation Skip to Main Content Skip to Related Content 0 Mail News Home Follow Us US World Politics Tech Science Odd News ABC News Yahoo Originals Katie Couric Matt Bai Merck leapfrogs rivals in lung cancer drug combination race By Bill Berkrot and Ben Hirschler ReutersJanuary 11, 2017 Reblog Share Tweet Pin it Share By Bill Berkrot and Ben Hirschler (Reuters) - Merck & Co has pulled ahead of rivals in the race to combine immunotherapy with other drugs as a treatment for lung cancer, potentially giving it a major lift in the battle for the largest cancer market. U.S. regulators have agreed to a speedy review of Merck's application to combine its immune system-boosting drug Keytruda with chemotherapy as an initial therapy for advanced lung cancer, the U.S. drugmaker said. Merck said the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) would decide by May 10 whether to approve its Keytruda combination treatment, sending the company's stock 5 percent higher in early U.S. trading on Wednesday. Shares in companies working on competing immunotherapy-based combinations for lung cancer fell back, with Bristol-Myers Squibb down 2 percent, while Roche and AstraZeneca lost around 0.5 percent. Immunotherapy is revolutionizing some areas of cancer care but giving it on its own only seems to work better than chemotherapy in previously untreated lung cancer patients who have high levels of a protein called PD-L1. Since just a quarter to a third of non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC) patients have tumors with at least 50 percent of cells producing PD-L1, around 70 percent of the market is still up for grabs for successful combination products. Analysts at Evercore ISI estimate the market for first-line lung cancer for all patients could be as high as $14 billion. Although Merck presented good results from a mid-stage Phase II trial for its Keytruda-chemotherapy combination at conference in Denmark in October, many analysts had thought it would need to wait for data from a larger Phase III study before filing. "This comes as an important surprise because if FDA approves the application, Merck would suddenly be catapulted ahead of all other (immunotherapy) competitors who are also pursuing competing combination regimens of their own," said Bernstein analyst Tim Anderson. Merck had not previously indicated that it was close to filing for the combination therapy and analysts had been looking for this news toward the end of 2017. RISKS REMAIN Jefferies analyst Jeffrey Holford agreed the early move was positive for Merck but said an approval was "high risk", given several weaknesses in the small Phase II study. Merck's early move, if successful, could change the dynamics of the marketplace, since it had been assumed that so-called CTLA4 combinations from AstraZeneca and Bristol-Myers would be approved before chemotherapy ones. AstraZeneca's closely watched Phase III study of its two drugs durvalumab and tremelimumab is due to report results in the first half of this year, while Bristol-Myers and Roche are also expected to have data during 2017. Merck's Keytruda alone is already approved as an initial, or first-line, treatment for advanced lung cancer in patients whose tumors have a high level of PD-L1 expression, the protein that the drug targets to help the immune system fight cancer. "While Merck is unlikely to durably penetrate this entire population, especially with multiple competing regimens on the horizon, an approval in May would give them a significant first-mover advantage," said Evercore analyst John Scotti. (Reporting by Bill Berkrot; Editing by James Dalgleish/Keith Weir) Reblog Share Tweet Pin it Share What to Read Next Aaron Rodgers has more magic, as Packers pull out a dramatic win over Cowboys 389 messages11%72%17% 2017 Honda Accord Central Iowa Honda DealersSponsored Ringling Brothers Barnum and Bailey Circus Call It Quits After Century and a Half of Entertainment Eight men own half the world's wealth: Oxfam 287 messages5%70%25% #2 of 10 Most Popular News Galleries of 2016: 9/11: Then and now - 15 years later 861 messages5%56%39% 5 QuickBooks Subs for $25 Intuit QuickBooksSponsored Protesters Take to the Streets Across the Country Woman Abducted as a Baby Tearfully Pleads for Jailed Woman Who Raised Her 1545 messages5%58%37% Obama on Trump: ‘Don’t underestimate the guy, because he’s going to be 45th president of the United States’ 667 messages7%68%25% Marijuana Millionaire #2 MONEY MORNINGSponsored Seldom-called penalty is very costly for Cowboys in first-quarter drive 204 messages6%72%22% #8 of 10 Most Popular News Galleries of 2016: Deadly attack at Istanbul's Ataturk Airport 884 messages9%12%79% Major Winter Storm on the Move Why Mechanics Keep Old And Dead Batteries? (watch) EzBatteryReconditioning.comSponsored Atlanta hits back after Trump’s attack on Lewis 7128 messages5%61%34% ‘Hidden Figures’ Prevails as ‘Monster Trucks,’ Ben Affleck’s ‘Live by Night’ Bomb at Box Office 1465 messages5%69%26% Outgoing CIA chief rips into Trump on Russia threat Impeach Pelosi, Jail Waters: Lewis has allot of gall. What he is saying is the only people that voted for Trump did so because the release of emails from the DNC, meaning our votes are illegitimate. What an insulting statement made by a real first class dullard. Mr. Lewis may have been the big man on campus in 1963 but what has he done for civilization lately, other than flap his jaw and put on a ridiculous show on the house floor? He's a perfect example as to why we need term limits. This guys approach to race relations is doing the country more harm than good. His brain seems to be stuck in the 1960's when he was still relevant. Join the Conversation 1 / 5 4.4k Help Privacy Suggestions About our Ads Terms
OUR SITES: Iowa Ideas Homes Milestones Directory Classifieds Photo Store Hoopla Cedar Rapids Manage Your Subscription Your News in Your Email Your Green Gazette Become a Rewards Member Subscribe Now! 7 day delivery - as low as $4.80/wk News Obituaries Sports Opinion Living Hoopla Photos Weather Site Search Health Rural News Sections Select a section NEWS OBITUARIES SPORTS OPINION LIVING ENTERTAINMENT PHOTOS LOCAL DIRECTORY Like what you're reading? We make it easy to stay connected: Follow @TwitterDev Subscribe to our email newsletters Download our free apps The Gazette's Books A Twitter List by gazettedotcom Most Popular Most Recent Jefferson's Matt Culver claims first J-Hawk title Icy mix bearing down on Eastern Iowa Iowa wrestling ready for challenge that awaits at top-ranked Oklahoma State Old Cedar Rapids block ‘under the gun’ with casino, real estate shake-up ‘Doc Anthony,’ friend of people but foe of crows Top-ranked Oklahoma State drops No. 3 Iowa, 24-11 Icy mix bearing down on Eastern Iowa Iowa men's basketball at Northwestern: Live updates, Highlights Iowa receiver Jay Scheel announces retirement from football One suspect arrested in Iowa City robbery; another still at large Wall Street falls on U.S. policy uncertainty Merck, Eli Lilly boost health sector Video Photo A street sign for Wall Street hangs in front of the New York Stock Exchange May 8, 2013. REUTERS/Lucas Jackson Reuters Jan 12, 2017 at 4:05 pm | Print View NEW YORK — The three major U.S. stock indexes closed lower on Thursday as investors waited for fourth-quarter corporate earnings and details of U.S. President-elect Donald Trump’s economic policy eight days ahead of his inauguration. While stocks pared losses as the session wore on, all but four of the S&P 500’s 11 sectors ended lower, with financials leading the decline a day ahead of the first major earnings reports in that sector. The S&P had risen 6.4 percent since the Nov. 8 election. Trump on Wednesday dashed investor hopes for new details on his policy plans in his first news conference since the election, instead lashing out at U.S. spy agencies and media companies for what he called a “phony” Russia dossier and repeated promises to reform health care policies. On top of policy uncertainty, the market is missing stock buyback support in the quiet period ahead of earnings and individuals are putting more money into bonds than stocks, according to Jeffrey Kleintop, chief global investment strategist at Charles Schwab in Boston. The Dow Jones industrial average fell 63.28 points, or 0.32 percent, to close at 19,891, the S&P 500 dropped 4.88 points, or 0.21 percent, to 2,270.44 and the Nasdaq Composite dipped 16.16 points, or 0.29 percent, to 5,547.49. The S&P had fallen as much as 0.9 percent earlier in the session, and its financial index finished off 0.74 percent, as yields on long-dated bonds fell. The S&P’s health care sector ended up 0.07 percent after tumbling 1 percent in the previous day’s session because of Trump’s comments. The index was helped by a 0.9 percent increase for Merck and a 2.5 percent increase for Eli Lilly after a U.S. appeals court said it could block Teva Pharmaceutical Industries Ltd from selling a generic equivalent of Eli Lilly’s top-selling lung cancer drug. JPMorgan Chase was one of the biggest drags on the S&P 500 the day before its earnings report was due, losing nearly 1 percent. Your next Nation & World articles Researchers identify Japanese tapeworm p ... Somali-American teen makes semifinals at ... Chicago police routinely violated civil ... Give us feedback Have you found an error or omission in our reporting? Tell us here. Do you have a story idea we should look into? Tell us here. Subscribe Green Gazette Advertise Newsletters Contact Us About Us Connect with us on social Sites Hoopla Photo Store Classifieds Fusionfarm Iowa Ideas Copyright 2015 The Gazette Links Order Back Issues Newsroom Staff RSS Feeds Mobile Apps Archives Online Games and Puzzle Answers Policies Directory Sitemap Sponsor Requests News | Sports | Obits
Benzinga Benzinga Pro Marketfy Financial Data & APIs Fintech Awards Membership is Free What are you waiting for? Sign up now! Username: Username available! Username taken! Email: Email available! Email taken! Password: Leave blank: OR Free Account Login Click here to access your premium account Username or email: Password: OR Forgot password?' Looking for ? CLICK HERE Contribute Login Sign up Benzinga - Feed Your Mind. Home Best of Benzinga Careers About Contact Us Partners Benzinga Fintech Awards News Earnings Guidance Dividends M&A Buybacks Legal Interviews Management Retail Sales Offerings IPOs Insider Trades Biotech/FDA Markets Pre-Market After Hours Movers Forex Commodities Options Binary Options Bonds Futures Global Economics Previews Reviews Small-Cap Ratings Analyst Color Downgrades Upgrades Initiations Price Target Ideas Long Ideas Short Ideas Technicals From The Press Jim Cramer Rumors ETFs Tech Start-Ups Fintech Personal Finance Premium Products My Watchlist Analyst Color Downgrades Upgrades Initiations Price Target Market Overview Tickers Articles Keywords Search by keyword...googlecse Merck's Leadership Position In Immuno Oncology Is Improving Jim Swanson , Benzinga Staff Writer   {{following ? "Following" : "Follow"}} January 12, 2017 9:06am   Comments Share: Related MRK Favorable News On Keytruda Drives Piper Jaffray's Upgrade Of Merck 8 Biggest Price Target Changes For Thursday Sanofi: Key Threats In 2017 And Beyond (Seeking Alpha) Merck & Co., Inc. (NYSE: MRK) unexpectedly announced a priority review for Keytruda plus chemo in first-line lung cancer. This, along with the previous announcements related to Keytruda, extends the company’s leadership position in immuno-oncology, Morgan Stanley’s David Risinger said in a report. Risinger upgraded the rating on Merck from Equal Weight to Overweight, while raising the price target from $65 to $71. The company has previously announced a priority review for Keytruda in microsatellite instability-high biomarker patients. Earlier this month, Merck also announced it was moving Keytruda-IDO combo into Phase 3 in multiple cancers. Oncology Strategy Delivers Results “Management's oncology strategy is delivering better results than expected,” Risinger noted, adding that Merck could extend its lead in first-line lung cancer. Keytruda had already received the first approval as monotherapy for first-line lung cancer in ~20 percent of patients on December 19, 2016. The analyst expects it to be approved in combination with chemo for first-line non-squamous lung cancer by the May 10, 2017, Prescription Drug User Fee Act. He commented that this would give the compound “at least several months head start vs. competitors in first-line covering almost all patients.” Risinger said Merck’s growth could accelerate from 2018 onward, following six years of no growth. “Revenue and earnings growth should improve starting in 2018 as Keytruda steps higher and generic pressures on older franchises (e.g. Vytorin/Zetia) moderate.” Latest Ratings for MRK Date Firm Action From To Jan 2017 Morgan Stanley Upgrades Equal-Weight Overweight Jan 2017 Guggenheim Upgrades Neutral Buy Dec 2016 Jefferies Downgrades Hold Underperform View More Analyst Ratings for MRK View the Latest Analyst Ratings Posted-In: Analyst Color Biotech Long Ideas News Upgrades Health Care Price Target FDA Best of Benzinga © 2017 Benzinga.com. Benzinga does not provide investment advice. All rights reserved.   Related Articles (MRK) Favorable News On Keytruda Drives Piper Jaffray's Upgrade Of Merck 8 Biggest Price Target Changes For Thursday Benzinga's Top Upgrades, Downgrades For January 12, 2017 The Market In 5 Minutes: Jobless Claims Lower, Trump Conference Shakes Sectors All The Markets Trump Moved During His Speech Today Here's What Merck's Keytruda News Means For Bristol-Myers View Comments and Join the Discussion! View the discussion thread. Sign up for email alerts on MRK Trending Recent 1 DCIX, PRGNF: Shippers On A Run Again Amid No News 2 TENX, NBIX: 7 Biotech Catalysts Remaining In January 3 SPY: Lessons To Learn From George Soros' $1 Billion Elec... 4 APVO, NAKD: 12 Biggest Mid-Day Gainers For Friday 5 AAPL: Gene Munster Shares His Expectations For A... 6 DXCM, MDT: DexCom Jumps 25% As It Becomes On... 7 NFLX: Netflix To Remain A Growth St... 1 PODD, TNDM: DexCom Jumps 25% As It Becomes Only Continuous Glucose Monitoring With... 2 AAPL: Apple's AirPod Success: Headphone Users Show They're Wil... 3 SPY: Lessons To Learn From George Soros' $1 Billion Election-Tr... 4 OAK, AMZN: Greek Philosophy, Tough Guys, And Rubber Necking 5 NTODY, NTDOY: How Nintendo's Last 4 Gaming Consoles... 6 AAPL: Gene Munster Shares His Expectations F... 7 SN, ARRY: Mid-Afternoon Market Update: D... View upcoming Earnings, Ratings, Dividend and Economic Calendars. Benzinga Benzinga is a fast-growing, dynamic and innovative financial media outlet that empowers investors with high-quality, unique content. Popular Channels Analyst Ratings Be Your Own Boss ETFs Economics Forex Hot News Options Press Releases Start-ups Tech Tools & Features Affiliate Program Premarket Prep Feeds News Widget Real Time Feed Sitemap Submit News Tips About Benzinga About Us Licensing and APIs Apps (iOS and Android) Fintech Awards Blog In the News Careers Contact Us Disclaimer Privacy Policy Syndication Terms and Conditions Benzinga Partners 1 (877) 440-9464 (ZING) © Copyright Benzinga Benzinga - Feed Your Mind News Markets Ratings Ideas Tech Small-Cap Personal Finance Premium Products USD/CAD Edges Up, Canadian New Home Prices Flat U.S. Dollar Index Lower, Import Prices Rise
Contact Us Journalists Blog Log In Sign Up Send a Release News Solutions Resources Search News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News dansk Deutsch español Français italiano Nederlands norsk português suomeksi svenska Monoclonal Antibody Therapeutics Market to be Worth US$245.8 Billion by 2024: Spike in Cancer Cases Around the World to Ensure Swift Uptake, Predicts TMR News provided by Transparency Market Research Jan 12, 2017, 08:30 ET Share this article ALBANY, New York, January 12, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- Several market players are collaborating with local and well-established companies and research facilities to strengthen their position. Transparency Market Research has observed that companies will continue to partner in order to reduce the high cost involved in the production of monoclonal antibodies, investments in research and development, and need for trained staff. Some of the leading players operating in the demanding global market are Bayer AG, Pfizer Inc., Sanofi, F. Hoffmann-La Roche Ltd., Merck & Co., Inc., GlaxoSmithKline Plc., Novartis AG, and AbbVie Inc. The extensive research report by Transparency Market Research states that the Global Monoclonal Antibody Therapeutics Market will be worth US$245.8 bn by 2024 from US$86.7 bn in 2015. During the forecast years of 2016 and 2024, the global market is expected to rise at a CAGR of 12.6%. Access to Affordable Healthcare across North America Amplifies Demand for Monoclonal Antibody Therapeutics Monoclonal antibody therapeutics are used for treating cancer, autoimmune diseases, infection, ophthalmological diseases, and hematological diseases among others. Of these, the autoimmune diseases segment is projected to rise at a phenomenal pace during the forecast period. Increasing incidence of autoimmune diseases that affect the overall population has triggered a significant demand for these therapeutics. All throughout the forecast period of 2016 and 2024, the global market is expected to rise at a CAGR of 13.5%. In terms of geography, the global market is segmented into North America, Europe, Asia Pacific, Latin America, and the Middle East and Africa. Regionally, North America is expected to dominate the global market due to growing healthcare facilities across the region. Furthermore, affordable healthcare available to patients has also augmented the demand for monoclonal antibody therapeutics across North America during the forecast period. By the end of 2024, the North America monoclonal antibody therapeutics market is expected to acquire a share of 37.9% in the global market. Download Exclusive PDF Brochure of Research Report: http://www.transparencymarketresearch.com/sample/sample.php?flag=B&rep_id=18209 Approvals and Commercialization of New Products Ups Sales  The global monoclonal antibody therapeutics market is expected to grow at a remarkable pace due to the high incidence of chronic diseases like cancer. The growing health concerns and the increasing diagnoses of cancer in various stages as boosted the demand for these therapeutics in recent years. The latest research by the World Health Organization predicts that the world will witness a 70% spike in the overall cancer cases, of which 60% of the cases will be attributable to Latin America, Asia, and Africa. The incremental approvals in monoclonal antibody products across Europe and the U.S. have also contributed to soaring revenue of the global market. The report by TMR suggests that about five to six monoclonal antibodies are approved each year in these regions. Out of the 60 monoclonal antibodies approved in Europe in 2015, 48 have hit the market. Thus, the widening product portfolio that comes in a broad price range has also played a key role in encouraging the uptake of monoclonal antibody therapeutics. High Cost of Production Dissuades Market Growth  Though the market is estimated to have a bright potential, it is likely to be shadowed by a few restraints. The increasing production of biosimilars that are also used for treating various chronic conditions and autoimmune diseases are expected to eat into the market share of monoclonal antibody therapeutics market. Furthermore, the patent cliff of several products is also likely to have a negative impact on the overall earnings of the global market. The market is also anticipated to face a tough challenge due to the high cost of monoclonal antibodies as their production is exceptionally time-consuming and demands strict adherence to rules and regulations. Inquire For Report Customization: http://www.transparencymarketresearch.com/sample/sample.php?flag=CR&rep_id=18209 This review is based on Transparency Market Research's report, titled "Monoclonal Antibody Therapeutics Market - Global Industry Analysis, Size, Share, Volume, Growth, Trends, and Forecast, 2016 - 2024." The monoclonal antibody therapeutics market has been segmented as follows:  Monoclonal Antibody Therapeutics Market, by Application  Cancer Autoimmune diseases Infection Hematological diseases Ophthalmological diseases Others Monoclonal Antibody Therapeutics Market, by Source  Human Humanized Chimeric Others Monoclonal Antibody Therapeutics Market, by End Users  Hospitals Private Clinics Research Institute Monoclonal Antibody Therapeutics Market, by Geography  North America U.S. Canada Latin America Brazil Mexico Rest of Latin America Europe U.K. Germany Spain Italy France Rest of Europe Asia Pacific India Japan China Australia New Zealand Rest of Asia Pacific Middle East and Africa South Africa Saudi Arabia A.E. Rest of MEA Browse Related Research Report:  Asthma and COPD Drugs Market (Drug Class - Bronchodilators, Anti-inflammatory Drugs, Monoclonal Antibodies, and Combination Drugs; Indication - Asthma and COPD) - U.S. and China Industry Analysis, Size, Share, Growth, Trends, and Forecast 2016 - 2024 http://www.transparencymarketresearch.com/us-china-asthma-copd-drugs-market.html Biologics Market (Product - Monoclonal Antibodies, Vaccines, Cell Therapy, Recombinant Hormones/Proteins, and Gene Therapy; Applications - Infectious Diseases, Oncology, Immunology, and Autoimmune Diseases) - Global Industry Analysis, Size, Share, Growth, Trends, and Forecast 2016 - 2024 http://www.transparencymarketresearch.com/global-biologics-market.html Single-use Bioprocessing Systems Market - (Product - Bioreactors & Fermenters, Mixers, Bags, Bioprocess Containers, Filtration Devices, Tubing, Sampling Systems, Connectors & Clamps, Probes & Sensors; End User - Pharmaceutical, Biotechnology, CRO & CMO, and Academic & Research Institutes; Application - Monoclonal Antibody Production, Vaccine Production, Plant Cell Cultivation, and Patient Specific Cell Therapies) - Global Industry Analysis, Size, Share, Growth, Trends, and Forecast 2016 - 2024 http://www.transparencymarketresearch.com/single-use-bio-processing-systems-market.html About Us:  Transparency Market Research (TMR) is a U.S. based provider of syndicated research, customized research, and consulting services. TMR's global and regional market intelligence coverage includes industries such as pharmaceutical, chemicals and materials, technology and media, food and beverages, and consumer goods, among others. Each TMR research report provides clients with a 360-degree view of the market with statistical forecasts, competitive landscape, detailed segmentation, key trends, and strategic recommendations. Contact Us: Transparency Market Research 90 State Street, Suite 700 Albany, NY 12207 Tel: +1-518-618-1030 USA - Canada Toll Free: 866-552-3453 Email: sales@transparencymarketresearch.com Website: http://www.transparencymarketresearch.com Blog: http://www.tmrblog.com/ SOURCE Transparency Market Research Jan 12, 2017, 09:30 ET Preview: Global Barite Market: Production Volume to Cross 11 Thousand Kilo Tons by 2024; Global Industry Analysis, Size, Share, Growth, Trends, and Forecast 2016 - 2024: Transparency Market Research Jan 12, 2017, 07:30 ET Preview: Worldwide Small Cell Power Amplifier Market is Projected to Reach US$6.98 bn by 2024; A Probable Solution to Missing Link Between Growing Indoor Data Usage and Bigger Bandwidths | TMR My News Release contains wide tables. View fullscreen. Also from this source Jan 13, 2017, 07:30 ETBy Revenue, Functional Food Ingredients Market is Expected to... Jan 13, 2017, 05:30 ETIn Terms of Revenue, Dairy Alternatives Market is Expected to... Explore More news releases in similar topics Health Care & Hospitals Medical Pharmaceuticals Surveys, Polls and Research You just read: Monoclonal Antibody Therapeutics Market to be Worth US$245.8 Billion by 2024: Spike in Cancer Cases Around the World to Ensure Swift Uptake, Predicts TMR News provided by Transparency Market Research Jan 12, 2017, 08:30 ET Share this article Looking to send a news release with PR Newswire? Take advantage of the world's leading distribution platform. Sign up to get started Request more information Have an account? Log In Phone 8AM - 10PM ET +1-888-776-0942 Send a Release Sign Up Blog For Journalists Contact Us Search Searching for your content... Advanced Search Contact 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Chat Online with an Expert Contact Us Solutions Cision Communication Cloud™ For Marketers For Public Relations For IR & Compliance For Agency For Small Business All Products About About PR Newswire About Cision Become a Publishing Partner Become a Channel Partner Careers   Global Sites Asia Brazil Canada Europe Finland France India Israel Mexico Middle East Netherlands Sweden United Kingdom My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Terms of Use Privacy Policy Information Security Policy Statement Site Map RSS Feeds Copyright © 2017 PR Newswire Association LLC. All Rights Reserved. A Cision company. News Solutions Resources News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News dansk Deutsch español Français italiano Nederlands norsk português suomeksi svenska Phone +1-888-776-0942 8AM - 10PM ET Chat Chat Online with an Expert All contact info Send a ReleaseLog In
Regulatory News Search Search Products & Services    News Releases Close Send a release Become a client For journalists Global sites Asia Brazil Canada Finland France India Israel Mexico Netherlands Sweden United States See more news releases in Health Care & Hospitals | Medical Pharmaceuticals | Surveys, Polls and Research Monoclonal Antibody Therapeutics Market to be Worth US$245.8 Billion by 2024: Spike in Cancer Cases Around the World to Ensure Swift Uptake, Predicts TMR ALBANY, New York, January 12, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- Several market players are collaborating with local and well-established companies and research facilities to strengthen their position. Transparency Market Research has observed that companies will continue to partner in order to reduce the high cost involved in the production of monoclonal antibodies, investments in research and development, and need for trained staff. Some of the leading players operating in the demanding global market are Bayer AG, Pfizer Inc., Sanofi, F. Hoffmann-La Roche Ltd., Merck & Co., Inc., GlaxoSmithKline Plc., Novartis AG, and AbbVie Inc. The extensive research report by Transparency Market Research states that the Global Monoclonal Antibody Therapeutics Market will be worth US$245.8 bn by 2024 from US$86.7 bn in 2015. During the forecast years of 2016 and 2024, the global market is expected to rise at a CAGR of 12.6%. Access to Affordable Healthcare across North America Amplifies Demand for Monoclonal Antibody Therapeutics Monoclonal antibody therapeutics are used for treating cancer, autoimmune diseases, infection, ophthalmological diseases, and hematological diseases among others. Of these, the autoimmune diseases segment is projected to rise at a phenomenal pace during the forecast period. Increasing incidence of autoimmune diseases that affect the overall population has triggered a significant demand for these therapeutics. All throughout the forecast period of 2016 and 2024, the global market is expected to rise at a CAGR of 13.5%. In terms of geography, the global market is segmented into North America, Europe, Asia Pacific, Latin America, and the Middle East and Africa. Regionally, North America is expected to dominate the global market due to growing healthcare facilities across the region. Furthermore, affordable healthcare available to patients has also augmented the demand for monoclonal antibody therapeutics across North America during the forecast period. By the end of 2024, the North America monoclonal antibody therapeutics market is expected to acquire a share of 37.9% in the global market. Download Exclusive PDF Brochure of Research Report: http://www.transparencymarketresearch.com/sample/sample.php?flag=B&rep_id=18209 Approvals and Commercialization of New Products Ups Sales  The global monoclonal antibody therapeutics market is expected to grow at a remarkable pace due to the high incidence of chronic diseases like cancer. The growing health concerns and the increasing diagnoses of cancer in various stages as boosted the demand for these therapeutics in recent years. The latest research by the World Health Organization predicts that the world will witness a 70% spike in the overall cancer cases, of which 60% of the cases will be attributable to Latin America, Asia, and Africa. The incremental approvals in monoclonal antibody products across Europe and the U.S. have also contributed to soaring revenue of the global market. The report by TMR suggests that about five to six monoclonal antibodies are approved each year in these regions. Out of the 60 monoclonal antibodies approved in Europe in 2015, 48 have hit the market. Thus, the widening product portfolio that comes in a broad price range has also played a key role in encouraging the uptake of monoclonal antibody therapeutics. High Cost of Production Dissuades Market Growth  Though the market is estimated to have a bright potential, it is likely to be shadowed by a few restraints. The increasing production of biosimilars that are also used for treating various chronic conditions and autoimmune diseases are expected to eat into the market share of monoclonal antibody therapeutics market. Furthermore, the patent cliff of several products is also likely to have a negative impact on the overall earnings of the global market. The market is also anticipated to face a tough challenge due to the high cost of monoclonal antibodies as their production is exceptionally time-consuming and demands strict adherence to rules and regulations. Inquire For Report Customization: http://www.transparencymarketresearch.com/sample/sample.php?flag=CR&rep_id=18209 This review is based on Transparency Market Research's report, titled "Monoclonal Antibody Therapeutics Market - Global Industry Analysis, Size, Share, Volume, Growth, Trends, and Forecast, 2016 - 2024." The monoclonal antibody therapeutics market has been segmented as follows:  Monoclonal Antibody Therapeutics Market, by Application  Cancer Autoimmune diseases Infection Hematological diseases Ophthalmological diseases Others Monoclonal Antibody Therapeutics Market, by Source  Human Humanized Chimeric Others Monoclonal Antibody Therapeutics Market, by End Users  Hospitals Private Clinics Research Institute Monoclonal Antibody Therapeutics Market, by Geography  North America U.S. Canada Latin America Brazil Mexico Rest of Latin America Europe U.K. Germany Spain Italy France Rest of Europe Asia Pacific India Japan China Australia New Zealand Rest of Asia Pacific Middle East and Africa South Africa Saudi Arabia A.E. Rest of MEA Browse Related Research Report:  Asthma and COPD Drugs Market (Drug Class - Bronchodilators, Anti-inflammatory Drugs, Monoclonal Antibodies, and Combination Drugs; Indication - Asthma and COPD) - U.S. and China Industry Analysis, Size, Share, Growth, Trends, and Forecast 2016 - 2024 http://www.transparencymarketresearch.com/us-china-asthma-copd-drugs-market.html Biologics Market (Product - Monoclonal Antibodies, Vaccines, Cell Therapy, Recombinant Hormones/Proteins, and Gene Therapy; Applications - Infectious Diseases, Oncology, Immunology, and Autoimmune Diseases) - Global Industry Analysis, Size, Share, Growth, Trends, and Forecast 2016 - 2024 http://www.transparencymarketresearch.com/global-biologics-market.html Single-use Bioprocessing Systems Market - (Product - Bioreactors & Fermenters, Mixers, Bags, Bioprocess Containers, Filtration Devices, Tubing, Sampling Systems, Connectors & Clamps, Probes & Sensors; End User - Pharmaceutical, Biotechnology, CRO & CMO, and Academic & Research Institutes; Application - Monoclonal Antibody Production, Vaccine Production, Plant Cell Cultivation, and Patient Specific Cell Therapies) - Global Industry Analysis, Size, Share, Growth, Trends, and Forecast 2016 - 2024 http://www.transparencymarketresearch.com/single-use-bio-processing-systems-market.html About Us:  Transparency Market Research (TMR) is a U.S. based provider of syndicated research, customized research, and consulting services. TMR's global and regional market intelligence coverage includes industries such as pharmaceutical, chemicals and materials, technology and media, food and beverages, and consumer goods, among others. Each TMR research report provides clients with a 360-degree view of the market with statistical forecasts, competitive landscape, detailed segmentation, key trends, and strategic recommendations. Contact Us: Transparency Market Research 90 State Street, Suite 700 Albany, NY 12207 Tel: +1-518-618-1030 USA - Canada Toll Free: 866-552-3453 Email: sales@transparencymarketresearch.com Website: http://www.transparencymarketresearch.com Blog: http://www.tmrblog.com/ SOURCE Transparency Market Research More by this Source By Revenue, Functional Food Ingredients Market is Expected to Reach US$ 32.40 Bn in 2024: Transparency Market Research 13 Jan, 2017, 12:30 GMT In Terms of Revenue, Dairy Alternatives Market is Expected to Reach US$26,311.3 Mn in 2024: Transparency Market Research 13 Jan, 2017, 10:30 GMT Global Barite Market: Production Volume to Cross 11 Thousand Kilo Tons by 2024; Global Industry Analysis, Size, Share, Growth, Trends, and Forecast 2016 - 2024: Transparency Market Research 12 Jan, 2017, 14:30 GMT View all news by Transparency Market Research Journalists and Bloggers Visit PR Newswire for Journalists for releases, photos and customised feeds just for media. View and download archived video content distributed by MultiVu on The Digital Center. Next in Health Care & Hospitals News   Get content for your website Enhance your website's or blog's content with PR Newswire's customised real-time news feeds. Start today.       Contact PR Newswire Send us an email at MarketingUK@prnewswire.co.uk or call us at +44 (0)20 7454 5382       Become a PR Newswire client Request more information about PR Newswire products & services or call us at +44 (0)20 7454 5382     Products & Services Knowledge Centre Browse News Releases Meet the Media Contact PR Newswire About PR Newswire Contact PR Newswire PR Newswire's Terms of Use Apply Privacy and Cookie Policy Site Map RSS Feeds Blog Copyright © 2017 PR Newswire Association LLC. All Rights Reserved. A Cisioncompany. Powered by Clickability.
Germany's news in English Other editions Austria Denmark France Italy Norway Spain Sweden Switzerland Search Everything News Jobs Homes Community Lifestyle News categories Headlines National Politics Startups Business Technology International Education Travel Culture Society Lifestyle Health Sport Berlin Munich Rhineland Frankfurt Hamburg Features Galleries Features Analysis Archive Community Chat forum Noticeboard Expat dating Weekly newsletter RSS news feed iPhone app Facebook Twitter Site sponsors Expat healthcare by Cigna Global Jobs in Germany IT jobs Finance jobs Marketing jobs Engineering jobs Administration jobs Jobs in Berlin Jobs in Munich Jobs in Cologne Jobs in Frankfurt Jobs in Hamburg All jobs in Germany About The Local Contact us Who we are Send us a story Advertise with us Post a job ad Privacy policy Terms of use Advertisement Trump pledge sends German pharma firms' stocks down DPA/The Local news@thelocal.de 12 January 2017 11:33 CET+01:00 donald trumpstock market Share this article Donald Trump at his press conference on Wednesday. Photo: AP/dpa DPA/The Local news@thelocal.de 12 January 2017 11:33 CET+01:00 German pharmaceutical firms saw their stock prices drop on Thursday morning after US President-Elect Donald Trump used part of his chaotic press conference the day before to say that the US should negotiate better prices from drug companies. German pharmaceutical and biotech stocks were particularly impacted by Trump’s statements on Wednesday, and Germany’s DAX dropped by 0.59 percent within the first hour of trade on Thursday morning. Chemical giant Bayer had fallen by about 0.68 percent from the previous day as of 11am on Thursday, while Merck had dropped by about 1.96 percent. One trader told Dow Jones Newswires that Trump’s plan to replace Barack Obama’s healthcare system also dealt a blow to biotech shares. “As was to be expected, this put great pressure on the health sector, in particular biotech,” the trader said. On the TecDAX index, biotechnology shares of Evotec, MediGene and MorphoSys lost between 1.7 and 4.5 percentage points. Medical supplies company Fresenius Medical Care had dropped by about 1 percent as of Thursday at 11am. The European pharmaceutical sector was the weakest on the Stoxx 600 with a drop of 2 percent. “The Trump speech last night did not deliver the hoped-for stimulus,” one trader told Dow Jones. Trump said at his press conference in New York that he would make the pharmaceutical industry bid for government contracts. “There's very little bidding on drugs. We're the largest buyer of drugs in the world. And yet we don't bid properly. We're going to start bidding,” Trump said. US law currently does not allow federal insurance programme Medicare to negotiate drug prices, essentially allowing the pharmaceutical industry to set their own drug prices. “They’re getting away with murder,” Trump said about the industry. “Pharma has a lot of lobbyists and a lot of power and there is very little bidding.” It wasn’t just German pharmaceutical companies that felt the immediate effects of Trump’s pledge. Bloomberg Markets reported that the Nasdaq Biotechnology Index and the Standard & Poor’s 500 Pharmaceuticals, Biotechnology & Life Sciences Index both had their biggest single-day drops in three months, falling 3 and 1.7 percent respectively. The trend was also replicated on stock markets across Europe on Thursday morning, with pharma firms also underperforming in Denmark, Spain, France, Switzerland and Italy.  donald trumpstock market Share this article Advertisement From our sponsors How US expats can avoid tax trouble in 2017 Don’t let inaction or ignorance about your US tax obligations ruin the New Year. 5 reasons UK expats should get healthcare help from home Volunteering abroad: ‘one of the best decisions of my life’ Online auctions: 10 tips to avoid being ripped off Related articles Before Trump takes office, Merkel warns 'eternal' US-EU ties not certain German foreign minister 'perplexed' by Trump's Nazi claim German investors don't flinch in face of European worries John Kerry in Berlin: 'we are going to be OK' EU leaders meet in Berlin to seek answers on Trump Merkel to be the new 'leader of the free world'? 'Oh my God': How German media depict Trump victory Merkel makes first phone call to future President Trump Advertisement Recent highlights 'Traitor of the people' is Germany's worst word of 2016: Here's why Despite quotas, Germany's boardrooms still 'male-dominated' No Breitbart, a Muslim mob didn't set fire to Germany's oldest church Take a virtual tour of Stuttgart's futuristic new train station These are the safest airlines in Germany Hitler's 'Mein Kampf' becomes German bestseller year after reprint Bavaria must remain part of Germany, says top court This is what has changed in Germany since January 1st Advertisement Latest headlines German jet lands in Kuwait over hoax bomb threat Berlin mayor fires housing chief for Stasi past Germany calls on ECB to unwind economic stimulus How this frozen fox became a grim winter warning These 11 photos show just how bad storm Egon hit Germany Advertisement Popular articles Storm Egon leaves two dead, thousands without power Vulnerable people are being 'radicalised in refugee centres' 600 officers raid 'Germany's most dangerous street' in Leipzig How this frozen fox became a grim winter warning These 11 photos show just how bad storm Egon hit Germany Advertisement Noticeboard 05/01 Seeking information about my father 05/01 Washer/Dryer for sale...only 2 years old! 05/01 Tai Chi & Qi Gong in English 20/12 stunning apartment in camps bay cape town for rent 19/12 Holiday Apartments in Austria 19/12 Dusseldorf: Stylish Leather Sofa Set (3+2 seater+hocher) View all notices Advertisement The Local Europe AB Östgötagatan 12 116 25 Stockholm Sweden Contact us Send us a story Our journalists Audience data Our sales team Post a job ad Privacy policy Terms of use    
Menu Search here Home Articles Newswires Videos UK INVESTOR SHOW BIOTECH CAPITAL TECH CAPITAL MINES & MONEY OIL COUNCIL MINING CAPITAL OIL CAPITAL Elevator Pitch Big Picture Columnists Companies All Companies All Featured UK Featured North America Featured Australia Featured Events All events 26 January 2017. 6pm 09 February 2017. 6pm 23 February 2017. 6pm Highlights All Market Reports Columns Presentations Crowdfunding Elevator Pitch Energy All Big Picture Articles Newswires Market Reports Columns Videos Presentations Conferences Mining All Big Picture Articles Newswires Market Reports Columns Videos Presentations Conferences Tech All Big Picture Articles Newswires Market Reports Columns Videos Presentations Pharma & Biotech All Big Picture Articles Newswires Market Reports Columns Videos Presentations In Focus All Big Picture Articles Newswires Market Reports Columns Videos Presentations Sign-Up Login Watch us Like us Follow us Pro NA Pro AU Fuller Treacy Money Stocktube Mining Capital Oil Capital Tech Capital Biotech Capital Pro NAPro AU Pro HK FULLER TREACY MONEY StockTube Mining Capital Oil Capital Tech Capital Biotech Capital Sign up UNITED KINGDOM USA Australia Germany China Login × Login Email Password Sign in Did you forget your password? Click here for recovery Or login using... × Send Email To: * Separate multiple addresses with commas. From: Name: Please send me a copy Message: Verification code: * Enter the code from above Send × Preferences Profile Password Edit your personal details Email First Name Last Name Mobile/Cell Home/Daytime Work Gender Male Female Hometown Primary Country Corporate Website I want to get marketing materials from Proactive Investors More about yourself Tell us a little bit about you and your interests Occupation Portfolio Size No portfolio €1 - €49,000 €50,000 - €99,000 €100,000 - €499,000 €500,000 - €1,000,000 +€1000,000 Interest (You can select more then one) General Interest Educational Private Investor Professional Investor Institutional Investor Hedge Fund Manager Public Relations Financial Services Broker Media / Press Change your password Password Password Repeat × Contact Support Your email: * Problematic page url * Message * Verification code Enter the code from above * Home Articles Newswires Videos UK INVESTOR SHOW BIOTECH CAPITAL TECH CAPITAL MINES & MONEY OIL COUNCIL MINING CAPITAL OIL CAPITAL Elevator Pitch Big Picture Columnists Companies All Companies All Featured UK Featured North America Featured Australia Featured Events 26 January 2017. 6pm 09 February 2017. 6pm 23 February 2017. 6pm × Advanced Search Keyword Search by CHANNEL SECTOR MARKET AUTHOR Energy Mining Pharma & Biotech Tech In Focus Aerospace Aerospace & Defense Agribusiness Automobiles & Parts Banks Basic Materials Beverages Broadcasting & Entertainment Building Material & Fixtures Business Support Services Capital Goods Chemicals Cleantech and Renewable Energy Clothing & Footwear Computer Hardware Computer Services Construction & Materials Consumer Finance Consumer Services Diamonds & Gemstones Education Electronic & Electrical Equipment Energy Engineering Equity Instruments ETF - Exchange-Traded Fund Exploration & Production Financial Financial Admin Food & Beverages Food & Drug Retailers Forestry & Paper Furnishings Gambling General Financials General Industry General Mining General Mining - Coal General Mining - Copper General Mining - Diamonds & Gemstones General Mining - Gold General Mining - Iron Ore and Bauxite General Mining - Lithium General Mining - Moly, Chrome, Tungsten & Manganese General Mining - Nickel and Cobalt General Mining - Platinum Group Metals General Mining - Potash and Phosphate General Mining - Rare Earth Minerals General Mining - Silver General Mining - Uranium & Lithium General Mining - Zinc, Lead and Tin General Retailers Gold Mining Growth Companies Health Care, Equipment & Services Industrial Machinery Industrial Metals Industrial Suppliers Insurance Integrated Oil & Gas Internet Internet Investment Funds & Companies Investment Services IT Hardware Leisure Manufacturing Media & Publishing Medical Cannabis Mining Mobile Communications Multiutilities Nonequity Investment Instruments Oil & Gas Oil & Gas Equipment & Services Oil & Gas Exploration & Production Other Industry News Personal Products Pharma & Biotech Pharmaceuticals Platinum & Precious Metals Real Estate Real Estate Holding & Development Recreational Services Renewable Energy Restaurants, pubs Semiconductors Software & Computer Services Specialty Chemicals Specialty Finance Specialty Retailers Sports Support Services Tech Technology Hardware & Equipment Telecommunications Equipment Telecoms Telecoms services Transportation Travel Leisure Travel, Leisure & Hospitality Utilities All UK Markets All North American Markets PRIVATE AIM OTCQB PINK TMP AMEX LSE PLUS ASX TSX JSE NASDAQ FRA TSX-V OTCBB KRX OTC FFT NYSE XETRA ISE MCE CNSX COLOMBO NASDAQ OMX OSL GXG GSX NSX NEX OTCMKTS EPA SGX Frankfurt Code NYSEMKT ETR HKG AEX Ian Mclelland Craig Ribton Ian Lyall Philip Whiterow Sam Kiri Ruth Gemmell Andrew McCrea John Phillips John Harrington Deborah Bacal Carrie Howes Brian Keane Peter Murray Jamie Ashcroft Giles Gwinnett Northland Capital Deborah Sterescu Charlotte Kan Anwar Ali Bevis Yeo Mourad Haroutunian Gordon Aldcorn Alessandro Bruno Jane Sully Jackie Steinitz Steve Asfour Natasha Barr Proactive Investors John McGoldrick SP Angel HB Markets Ransquawk Fuller Treavy Galvan Trader Talk Hybridan Fox-Davies Fat Prophets Alistair Strang Edison's weekly research summary The Naked Trader Keith Heddle Michael Millar Angus Warren Beaufort Securities Markets At A Glance Sprott Group Susan McKenzie Charlotte Kan Leigh Bolton Adam Sheldrake Sophie Barrowman Emma Milton Northland Capital IG Group Malcolm Graham-Wood Nick Huber Nicola Brown Andrew Neil Shard Capital Damon Heath Gareth Burchell Juliet Mann Jon Hopkins Accendo Markets Sarah Lowther Greg Watson Nigel Roberts . Fuller Treacy Money Philip Waller Jonathan Jones Alastair Ford Glen Jones Thomas Coleman Stewart Dalby Eithne Treanor RFC Ambrian Ben Marlow Richard Embrey Ebiquity Kieron Hodgson Stefania Barbaglio Sasha Sethi Jeremy Naylor Jamie Nimmo Carrie White George Matlock Josh Allsopp Tom Howard VSA Capital George Matlock Charles Breese Roger Lawson Andrew Scott Jonathon Narvey Jonathon Narvey Angela Kean Christine Feary Andre Lamberti Jeff Coote Sergei Balashov Brad Lemaire Joyanta Acharjee Olivia D'Orazio Jon Mainwaring Ross Louthean, Mineweb.net Fiona MacDonald Erin Sugar Richard Badauskas Metals Place Kam Patel Julie Crust Chris Shaw Dorothy Kosich Stephen Feldman Jon Hopkins Tip Tv Highlights Market Reports Columns Presentations Crowdfunding Elevator Pitch Energy Big Picture Articles Newswires Market Reports Columns Videos Presentations Mining Big Picture Articles Newswires Market Reports Columns Videos Presentations Tech Big Picture Articles Newswires Market Reports Columns Videos Presentations Pharma & Biotech Big Picture Articles Newswires Market Reports Columns Videos Presentations In Focus Big Picture Articles Newswires Market Reports Columns Videos Presentations Home Research Guardian CFDs Pre Market Briefing Market Briefing - US markets ended in the green yesterday, as gains in tech and energy stocks more than offset losses in healthcare companies Share Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Email Print Download PDF version 08:33 12 Jan 2017 ., Thu UK Market Snapshot UK markets finished mixed yesterday, with the FTSE 100 index recording its tenth consecutive record high level. BT Group climbed 2.4%, following a broker upgrade on the stock to ‘Overweight’ from ‘Equal weight’. J Sainsbury added 1.0%, after the supermarket chain reported an increase in its like-for-like sales in the 15 weeks ended 07 January lifted by online sales and revenue growth at Argos. On the losing side, Drugmakers, GlaxoSmithKline, Hikma Pharmaceuticals, AstraZeneca and Shire dropped 0.8%, 1.2%, 1.8% and 3.2%, respectively, following comments of Donald Trump on the sector. Taylor Wimpey lost 2.5%, despite expecting profit for 2016 to come at the upper end of the expectations. Tullow Oil slipped 1.6%, after the company reduced its production guidance for 2017. The FTSE 100 advanced 0.2%, to close at 7,290.5, while the FTSE 250 fell 0.1%, to settle at 18,394.1. US Market Snapshot US markets ended in the green yesterday, as gains in tech and energy stocks more than offset losses in healthcare companies. Merck edged up 2.9%, after the company earned a priority review for its lung cancer treatments from the FDA. Energy producers, Chevron and Exxon Mobil added 0.8% and 1.0%, respectively, tracking gains in oil prices. Bucking the trend, SUPERVALU plunged 7.5%, after the retailer reported downbeat sales for the third quarter. Signet Jewelers dropped 5.2%, after the company trimmed its sales and profit outlook for the fourth quarter amid dismal holiday same-store sales. Lockheed Martin shed 0.4%, after Trump again criticised the cost of its F-35 project in his news conference. The S&P 500 gained 0.3%, to settle at 2,275.3. The DJIA rose 0.5%, to settle at 19,954.3, while the NASDAQ advanced 0.2%, to close at 5,563.6. Europe Market Snapshot Other European markets closed in positive territory yesterday, boosted by gains in commodity related stocks amid higher crude oil prices. Statoil and Total rose 0.6% each. Volkswagen climbed 3.6%, after the auto maker agreed to pay $4.3 billion to resolve its emissions tests scandal dispute with the US Justice Department and Customs. Peers, Renault, Daimler and Porsche Automobil Holding added 0.6%, 0.8% and 3.7%, respectively. ABB edged up 2.2%, following a broker upgrade on the stock to ‘Buy’ from ‘Neutral’. On the flipside, Engie declined 3.0%, after the French Government sold 100.0 million shares in the company for €1.14 billion. Pharmaceutical firms, Novartis and Sanofi dropped 1.3%, each. The FTSEurofirst 300 index gained 0.3%, to close at 1,443.2. Among other European markets, the German DAX Xetra 30 rose 0.5%, to close at 11,646.2, while the French CAC-40 advanced marginally, to settle at 4,888.7. Asia Market Snapshot Markets in Asia are trading mostly lower this morning. In Japan, Konami Holdings and FamilyMart UNY Holdings have tumbled 4.8% and 5.7%, respectively. Seven & i Holdings has declined 2.3%, despite news that the company is planning to triple its supermarkets and general merchandise stores in China’s inland areas by 2020. On the contrary, Kewpie has climbed 5.8%, as it expects a 10.7% jump in its operating profit for the full year ending November. In Hong Kong, oil stocks, PetroChina and CNOOC have dropped 0.2% and 1.0%, respectively. In South Korea, Samsung Electronics has slid 0.1%, after news emerged that Samsung Group Chief, Jay Y. Lee, had arrived at the South Korean special prosecutor’s office for interrogation related to a corruption scandal. The Nikkei 225 index is trading 1.5% lower at 19,072.7. The Hang Seng index is trading 0.3% down at 22,872.4, while the Kospi index is trading marginally higher at 2,075.6. Key Corporate Announcements Today AGMs Debenhams, Hargreave Hale Aim Vct 1 Plc, Unicorn Aim Vct 2 Plc A EGMs Public Power GDR SA (Reg S), Dee Valley Final Ex-Dividend Date Connect Group, Countryside Properties, DotDigital Group, Dunedin Smaller Companies Inv Trust, easyHotel, Henderson Alternative Strategies Trust, Income & Growth VCT, JPMorgan Asian Investment Trust, Majedie Investments, Octopus VCT 3, Octopus VCT 4, Patisserie Holdings, Scottish Inv Trust, Unicorn AIM VCT, Urban&Civic, WH Smith Interim Ex-Dividend Date Accrol Group Holdings, Caledonia Mining Corporation (DI), European Assets Trust, Fair Oaks Income Fund Limited, Hayward Tyler Group, NB Global Floating Rate Income Fund Ltd GBP, QinetiQ Group, Schroder European Real Estate Investment Trust, Workspace Group Interim Dividend Payment Date Alliance Pharma, Banco Bilbao Vizcaya Argentaria SA, Norcros, Personal Assets Trust Special Ex-Dividend Payment Date DotDigital Group, Henderson Alternative Strategies Trust, Scottish Inv Trust Quarterly Payment Date GlaxoSmithKline, Total SA, XP Power Ltd. (DI) Quarterly Ex-Dividend Date Albion Technology & General VCT, F&C Commercial Property Trust Ltd., Primary Health Properties Trading Announcements Associated British Foods, Barratt Developments, The Gym Group, Asos, AO World, Booker, Debenhams, Dunelm, Hays, Hilton Food, Jupiter Fund Management, Marks & Spencer, McColl's Retail, Moss Bros, Mothercare, Paysafe, Premier Oil, Rathbone Brothers, SuperGroup, Tesco, Spire Healthcare Key Corporate Announcements for Tomorrow AGMs Catalyst Media Group, Funding Circle SME Income Fund Final Dividend Payment Date Associated British Foods, Carr's Group, K3 Business Technology Group, TP ICAP Interim Dividend Payment Date Acal, Brown (N.) Group, Cropper (James), ICG-Longbow Senior Secured UK Property Debt Investments Ltd, JPMorgan European Investment Trust, Marks & Spencer Group, Murray Income Trust, Polar Capital Holdings, Severfield, Tarsus Group Quarterly Payment Date Schlumberger Ltd. Trading Announcements Mitchells & Butlers, SIG, XP Power Ltd. (DI), Bovis Homes, Secure Trust Bank Commodity, Currency and Fixed Income Snapshots Crude Oil At 0430GMT today, Brent Crude Oil one month futures contract is trading 0.07% or $0.04 lower at $55.06 per barrel. Yesterday, the contract climbed 2.72% or $1.46, to settle at $55.10 per barrel, after news emerged that Saudi Arabia had reduced its oil exports to Asian markets. However, oil prices pared some of its gains after the Energy Information Administration reported that US crude inventories advanced by 4.1 million barrels for the week ended 06 January 2017. Gold At 0430GMT today, Gold futures contract is trading marginally or $0.40 higher at $1197.00 per ounce. Yesterday, the contract advanced 0.94% or $11.10, to settle at $1196.60 per ounce, following weakness in the greenback. Currency At 0430GMT today, the EUR is trading 0.23% higher against the USD at $1.0604, ahead of the European Central Bank’s (ECB) account of the monetary policy meeting, due to release today.  Additionally, Euro-zone’s industrial production for November, slated to release in a few hours, will be closely assessed by traders. Yesterday, the EUR strengthened 0.26% versus the USD, to close at $1.0580. The US Dollar declined against its major counterparts, as the US President-elect, Donald Trump, did not provide any clarity over his fiscal and tax policies in his first press conference post-election.         At 0430GMT today, the GBP is trading a tad lower against the USD at $1.2209, Market participants will closely monitor the US weekly initial jobless claims and monthly budget statement for December, set to release later in the day. Yesterday, the GBP rose 0.29% versus the USD, to close at $1.2211, after data showed that UK’s manufacturing and industrial production rebounded more than anticipated in November. Fixed Income In the US, treasury yields closed almost flat amid no major economic releases in the US. Yesterday, yield on 10-year notes remained unchanged at 2.38%, while yield on 2-year notes gained 1 basis point to 1.20%. Meanwhile, 30-year bond yield fell 1 basis point to 2.96%. Key Economic News BoE Governor Mark Carney struck a different tone on Brexit The Bank of England (BoE) Governor, Mark Carney, in his testimony to the Parliament’s Treasury Select Committee stated that Brexit is no longer the biggest risk to UK’s financial stability, reversing his previous warnings about the threat Brexit posed to the British economy. He further added that current strength of the British economy implies that the central bank might soon have to upgrade its forecasts. The Governor also warned that a hard Brexit would pose greater threat to the financial stability of the European Union than to the UK, given the strength of Britain's financial services sector. UK manufacturing production rose more than expected in November Manufacturing production in the UK advanced 1.20% on an annual basis in November, compared to a revised drop of 0.50% in the previous month. Market anticipation was for manufacturing production to rise 0.40%. UK industrial production rose more than expected in November In November, on a monthly basis, industrial production in the UK registered a rise of 2.10%, compared to a revised drop of 1.10% in the previous month. Markets were expecting industrial production to climb 1.00%. UK industrial production advanced more than expected in November Industrial production registered a rise of 2.00% in the UK on an annual basis in November, more than market expectations for a rise of 0.70%. Industrial production had registered a revised drop of 0.90% in the prior month. UK manufacturing production advanced more than expected in November In November, on a monthly basis, manufacturing production in the UK recorded a rise of 1.30%, more than market expectations for an advance of 0.50%. Manufacturing production had registered a revised drop of 1.00% in the previous month. UK total trade deficit rose in November Total trade deficit in the UK widened to £4.17 billion in November, compared to a revised total trade deficit of £1.55 billion in the prior month. Market anticipation was for the nation's total trade deficit to widen to £3.50 billion. UK NIESR estimated GDP advanced as expected in the October-December 2016 period In the October-December 2016 period, NIESR estimated gross domestic product (GDP) rose 0.50% in the UK on a monthly basis, at par with market expectations. NIESR estimated GDP had registered a revised similar rise in the September-November 2016 period. UK trade deficit rose in November In November, non-EU trade deficit in the UK expanded to £3.58 billion, from a revised trade deficit of £2.12 billion in the prior month. Market anticipation was for the nation's trade deficit to widen to £3.00 billion. UK construction output rose less than expected in November On an annual basis, construction output in the UK recorded a rise of 1.50% in November, less than market expectations for an advance of 2.00%. Construction output had recorded a rise of 0.70% in the prior month. UK visible trade deficit rose in November Visible trade deficit in the UK rose to £12.16 billion in November, from a revised visible trade deficit of £9.88 billion in the previous month. Markets were expecting the nation's visible trade deficit to rise to £11.15 billion. Spanish calendar adjusted industrial output advanced more than expected in November In November, on a YoY basis, the calendar adjusted industrial output in Spain registered a rise of 3.20%, more than market expectations for a rise of 1.00%. The calendar adjusted industrial output had climbed by a revised 0.60% in the previous month. US mortgage applications rose in the last week In the US, mortgage applications rose 5.80% on a weekly basis, in the week ended 06 January 2017. Mortgage applications had registered a rise of 0.10% in the previous week. US economic optimism index climbed in January In January, the economic optimism index in the US recorded a rise to 55.60. In the previous month, the economic optimism index had recorded a reading of 54.80. Japanese current account surplus registered a drop in November Japan has registered the non-seasonally adjusted current account surplus of ¥1415.50 billion in November, compared to a current account surplus of ¥1719.90 billion in the prior month. Market expectation was for the nation to post a current account surplus of ¥1460.00 billion. Japanese bank lending ex-trust rose more than expected in December In December, bank lending ex-trust in Japan registered a rise of 2.60% on a YoY basis, compared to an advance of 2.40% in the previous month. Markets were anticipating bank lending ex-trust to advance 2.50%. Japanese bank lending including trusts advanced in December In Japan, bank lending including trusts rose 2.60% on a YoY basis, in December. Bank lending including trusts had climbed 2.40% in the prior month. Japanese adjusted (total) current account surplus dropped in November Japan has reported adjusted (total) current account surplus of ¥1799.60 billion in November, compared to an adjusted (total) current account surplus of ¥1928.90 billion in the prior month. Markets were expecting the nation to post an adjusted (total) current account surplus of ¥1870.40 billion. Japanese (BOP basis) trade surplus fell in November (BOP basis) trade surplus in Japan narrowed to ¥313.40 billion in November, compared to a (BOP basis) trade surplus of ¥587.60 billion in the previous month. Markets were expecting the country's (BOP basis) trade surplus to narrow to ¥254.40 billion. Japanese average office vacancies in Tokyo climbed in December In Japan, average office vacancies in Tokyo climbed 3.61% on a monthly basis, in December. In the previous month, average office vacancies in Tokyo had registered a rise of 3.75%. Japanese coincident index advanced in November The flash coincident index in Japan climbed to 115.10 in November, compared to market expectations of a rise to a level of 115.00. The coincident index had registered a reading of 113.50 in the prior month. Japanese leading economic index rose in November The preliminary leading economic index in Japan advanced to 102.70 in November, compared to market expectations of an advance to a level of 102.60. In the prior month, the leading economic index had registered a reading of 100.80. . Share Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Email Print Download PDF version Disclaimer: Any research has been produced by an independent third party provider. Further details can be provided on request. Guardian Stockbrokers Limited is authorised and regulated by the Financial Services Authority (FSA Ref: 492519). Any report has been prepared using information available from public sources, which are believed to be reliable as at the date of this report. However, Guardian Stockbrokers, its employees and its independent third party provider make no representation as to the accuracy or completeness of this report. This report should therefore not be relied on as accurate or complete. The facts and opinions on this report are subject to change without notice. Guardian Stockbrokers, its employees and its independent third party provider have no obligation to modify or update this report in the event that any information on this report becomes inaccurate. Any report is prepared for informational purpose only, with no recommendation or solicitation to buy or to sell. The background of any individual or other investor has not been considered in providing this report. Individuals and other investors should seek independent financial advice which considers their specific risks, objectives and specific constraints, and make their own informed decisions. Individuals and other investors should note that investing in shares carries a degree of risk and the value of investments can go up or down. Past performance is not a reliable indicator of future performance. Investments should be made with regard to an investor’s total portfolio. Guardian Stockbrokers, its independent third party provider and its employees make no representation or guarantee with regard to any investment noted on this report, and shall therefore not be liable with regard to any loss. RSS Follow Only registred members can create thier own customized alerts. Register or Log in Delete alert Help Guardian CFDs Pre Market Briefing www.guardianstockbrokers.com Pre Market Briefing informs you of what is happening before the market opens. We believe our Pre Market Briefing is an invaluable tool to set up your trading day, therefore giving you an edge. Our Pre market briefing is just the start of our trading day at Guardian. We work with our clients to provide them with information and guidance to enhance their trading decisions. Guardian will provide you with an individual service together with the most suitable and expert advice at a fair and reasonable cost. UK 100 - 1 YEAR Loading charts International: NA AU DE CN Our Company Term & Conditions The Team Contact us Newsletter Sitemap Cookies Partners: Follow us: © Proactive Investors 2017 Proactive Investor UK Limited, trading as “Proactiveinvestors United Kingdom”, is Authorised and regulated by the Financial Conduct Authority. Registered in England with Company Registration number 05639690. Group VAT registration number 872070825 FCA Registration number 559082. You can contact us here.
About Future Staff Contact Privacy Policy Search for: Select Press Releases Home / Press Releases / Global Gene-Deleted Vaccines Market 2017 Bayer HealthCare AG (Germany), Heska Corporation (US), Merial Ltd. (US), Virbac SA (France), Zoetis Inc. (US) Global Gene-Deleted Vaccines Market 2017 Bayer HealthCare AG (Germany), Heska Corporation (US), Merial Ltd. (US), Virbac SA (France), Zoetis Inc. (US) Posted on January 12, 2017 by ReleaseWire - Latest Press Releases in Press Releases Conceptual image of a businessman holding big hammer Global Gene-Deleted Vaccines Industry 2017 Deerfield Beach, FL — (SBWIRE) — 01/11/2017 — Market Research Report on Gene-Deleted Vaccines Market 2017 is a professional and in-depth study on the current state of the Gene-Deleted Vaccines worldwide. First of all,"Global Gene-Deleted Vaccines Market 2017" report provides a basic overview of the Gene-Deleted Vaccines industry including definitions, classifications, applications and Gene-Deleted Vaccines industry chain structure. The analysis is provided for the Gene-Deleted Vaccines international market including development history, Gene-Deleted Vaccines industry competitive landscape analysis. Do Inquiry for Purchasing Report: http://www.qymarketresearch.com/report/103539#inquiry-for-buying Major Companies covered in this Research Report are, Bayer HealthCare AG (Germany) Biogenesis-Bago (Argentina) Boehringer Ingelheim GmbH (Germany) Ceva Sante Animale (France) Heska Corporation (US) Indian Immunologicals Ltd (India) Lohmann Animal Health (US) Merck Animal Health (US) Merial Ltd. (US) Protein Sciences Corporation (US) Virbac SA (France) Zoetis Inc. (US) After that, Gene-Deleted Vaccines industry development policies as well as plans are discussed and manufacturing processes as well as cost structures for Gene-Deleted Vaccines market. This report "Worldwide Gene-Deleted Vaccines Market 2017" also states import/export, supply and consumption figures and Gene-Deleted Vaccines market cost, price, revenue and Gene-Deleted Vaccines market's gross margin by regions (United States, EU, China and Japan), as well as other regions can be added in Gene-Deleted Vaccines Market area. Then, the report focuses on worldwide Gene-Deleted Vaccines market key players with information such as company profiles with product picture as well as specification. Get Sample Report Here: http://www.qymarketresearch.com/report/103539#request-sample Related information to Gene-Deleted Vaccines market- capacity, production, price, cost, revenue and contact information. Also includes Gene-Deleted Vaccines industry's – Upstream raw materials, equipment and downstream consumers analysis is also carried out. What's more, the Gene-Deleted Vaccines market development trends and Gene-Deleted Vaccines industry marketing channels are analysed. Finally, "worldwide Gene-Deleted Vaccines market" Analysis- feasibility of new investment projects is assessed, and overall research conclusions are offered. For more information on this press release visit: http://www.sbwire.com/press-releases/global-gene-deleted-vaccines-market-2017-bayer-healthcare-ag-germany-heska-corporation-us-merial-ltd-us-virbac-sa-france-zoetis-inc-us-759078.htm Media Relations Contact Joel John Corporate Sales Specialist QY Market Research Telephone: 386-310-3803 Email: Click to Email Joel John Web: http://www.qymarketresearch.com/market-analysis/global-gene-deleted-vaccines-industry-2016.html Latest News Global Solar Council Releases Inaugural Quarterly Report Innovations, Historic Aviation Among Highlights of EAA AirVenture Oshkosh 2017 BOSS Accounting Outsourcing Specialists New Special Offer Rates Give Businesses Up to 71% Savings INVESTOR ALERT: Faruqi &amp; Faruqi, LLP Encourages Investors Who Suffered Losses in Excess of $100,000 Investing in TerraVia Holdings, Inc. to Contact the Firm Before Imminent Lead Plaintiff Deadline A Frogs Life TDSi Appoints New Distribution Channel Manager TM DEVELOPMENT JOINS STROKE CONTRARY TO STARVATION Certxpert.Com Offers EC-Council CEH Certification Exam at Affordable Price Go Live UK Announces the Successful Launch of the Redesigned Property Rescue Website My Design Station adds personal touch to wedding products. © 2015 SSUChronicle. All rights reserved. Top Optimization WordPress Plugins & Solutions by W3 EDGE
About Future Staff Contact Privacy Policy Search for: Select Press Releases Home / Press Releases / Global Hemorrhagic Septicemia Vaccines Market 2017 Heska Corporation (US), Merck Animal Health (US), Merial Ltd. (US), Virbac SA (France), Zoetis Inc. (US) Global Hemorrhagic Septicemia Vaccines Market 2017 Heska Corporation (US), Merck Animal Health (US), Merial Ltd. (US), Virbac SA (France), Zoetis Inc. (US) Posted on January 12, 2017 by ReleaseWire - Latest Press Releases in Press Releases Conceptual image of a businessman holding big hammer Global Hemorrhagic Septicemia Vaccines Industry 2017 Deerfield Beach, FL — (SBWIRE) — 01/11/2017 — Market Research Report on Hemorrhagic Septicemia Vaccines Market 2017 is a professional and in-depth study on the current state of the Hemorrhagic Septicemia Vaccines worldwide. First of all,"Global Hemorrhagic Septicemia Vaccines Market 2017" report provides a basic overview of the Hemorrhagic Septicemia Vaccines industry including definitions, classifications, applications and Hemorrhagic Septicemia Vaccines industry chain structure. The analysis is provided for the Hemorrhagic Septicemia Vaccines international market including development history, Hemorrhagic Septicemia Vaccines industry competitive landscape analysis. Do Inquiry for Purchasing Report: http://www.qymarketresearch.com/report/103541#inquiry-for-buying Major Companies covered in this Research Report are, Bayer HealthCare AG (Germany) Biogenesis-Bago (Argentina) Boehringer Ingelheim GmbH (Germany) Ceva Sante Animale (France) Heska Corporation (US) Indian Immunologicals Ltd (India) Lohmann Animal Health (US) Merck Animal Health (US) Merial Ltd. (US) Protein Sciences Corporation (US) Virbac SA (France) Zoetis Inc. (US) After that, Hemorrhagic Septicemia Vaccines industry development policies as well as plans are discussed and manufacturing processes as well as cost structures for Hemorrhagic Septicemia Vaccines market. This report "Worldwide Hemorrhagic Septicemia Vaccines Market 2017" also states import/export, supply and consumption figures and Hemorrhagic Septicemia Vaccines market cost, price, revenue and Hemorrhagic Septicemia Vaccines market's gross margin by regions (United States, EU, China and Japan), as well as other regions can be added in Hemorrhagic Septicemia Vaccines Market area. Then, the report focuses on worldwide Hemorrhagic Septicemia Vaccines market key players with information such as company profiles with product picture as well as specification. Get Sample Report Here: http://www.qymarketresearch.com/report/103541#request-sample Related information to Hemorrhagic Septicemia Vaccines market- capacity, production, price, cost, revenue and contact information. Also includes Hemorrhagic Septicemia Vaccines industry's – Upstream raw materials, equipment and downstream consumers analysis is also carried out. What's more, the Hemorrhagic Septicemia Vaccines market development trends and Hemorrhagic Septicemia Vaccines industry marketing channels are analysed. Finally, "worldwide Hemorrhagic Septicemia Vaccines market" Analysis- feasibility of new investment projects is assessed, and overall research conclusions are offered. For more information on this press release visit: http://www.sbwire.com/press-releases/global-hemorrhagic-septicemia-vaccines-market-2017-heska-corporation-us-merck-animal-health-us-merial-ltd-us-virbac-sa-france-zoetis-inc-us-759081.htm Media Relations Contact Joel John Corporate Sales Specialist QY Market Research Telephone: 386-310-3803 Email: Click to Email Joel John Web: http://www.qymarketresearch.com/market-analysis/global-hemorrhagic-septicemia-vaccines-industry-2016.html Latest News Global Solar Council Releases Inaugural Quarterly Report Innovations, Historic Aviation Among Highlights of EAA AirVenture Oshkosh 2017 BOSS Accounting Outsourcing Specialists New Special Offer Rates Give Businesses Up to 71% Savings INVESTOR ALERT: Faruqi &amp; Faruqi, LLP Encourages Investors Who Suffered Losses in Excess of $100,000 Investing in TerraVia Holdings, Inc. to Contact the Firm Before Imminent Lead Plaintiff Deadline A Frogs Life TDSi Appoints New Distribution Channel Manager TM DEVELOPMENT JOINS STROKE CONTRARY TO STARVATION Certxpert.Com Offers EC-Council CEH Certification Exam at Affordable Price Go Live UK Announces the Successful Launch of the Redesigned Property Rescue Website My Design Station adds personal touch to wedding products. © 2015 SSUChronicle. All rights reserved. Top Optimization WordPress Plugins & Solutions by W3 EDGE

24/7 Wall St. - Insightful Analysis and Commentary for U.S. and Global Equity Investors Search this site Business Aerospace & Defense Autos Banking & Finance Commodities & Metals Consumer Products Energy Healthcare Industrials Infrastructure Media Retail Services Technology Apps & Software Consumer Electronics Telecom & Wireless Apple Inc. Facebook Google Investing Analyst Upgrades Bankruptcy Buffett Corporate Governance Corporate Performance Dividends and Buybacks Earnings ETFs and Mutual Funds International Markets IPOs and Secondaries Mergers and Acquisitions Personal Finance Rumors Value Investing Economy Energy Government Regulation Healthcare Housing Jobs Special Report Brands and Products Cities Countries States Merck, IBM Pace DJIA to Wednesday Gain By Paul Ausick January 11, 2017 4:01 pm EST Print Email Tweet January 11, 2017: Markets opened slightly higher Wednesday as politics ruled the news. Energy was today’s best performing sector even though the EIA inventory report was hugely bearish. Countering the big inventory builds were comments from Russia and Oman that they have already met their agreed January production cuts. The healthcare sector was the day’s worst performer. WTI crude oil for February delivery settled at $52.25 a barrel, up about 2.8% on the day. February gold added 0.9% on the day to settle at $1,196.60. Equities were headed for a slightly higher close shortly before the bell as the DJIA traded up 0.42% for the day, the S&P 500 traded up 0.23%, and the Nasdaq Composite traded up 0.14%. The DJIA stock posting the largest daily percentage gain ahead of the close Wednesday was Merck & Co. Inc. (NYSE: MRK) which traded up about 2.65% at $61.51. The stock’s 52-week range is $47.97 to $65.46. Volume was nearly 3 times the daily average of around 10 million shares. The company was given a priority review by the FDA for its Keytruda cancer drug . International Business Machines Inc. (NYSE: IBM) traded up 1.20% at $167.51. The stock’s 52-week range is $116.90 to $169.95. Volume was about 30% below the daily average of around 3.6 million shares. The company had no specific news Wednesday. The Goldman Sachs Group Inc. (NYSE: GS) traded up 1.12% at $245.29. The stock’s 52-week range is $138.20 to $246.20. Volume was about 25% below the daily average of around 4 million shares. The company had no specific news Wednesday. Intel Corp. (NASDAQ: INTC) traded up 0.95% at $36.89. The stock’s 52-week range is $27.68 to $38.36. Volume was about 25% below the daily average of around 20.5 million shares. The company’s had no specific news. Of the Dow 30 stocks, 22 are on track to close higher Wednesday and 8 are set to close lower. I'm interested in the Newsletter Get Newsletter terms and conditions   By Paul Ausick « Wednesday’s Top Biopharma Movers Macy’s, Teva Join Wednesday’s 52-Week Low Club » Read more: Investing, Dow Jones Industrial Average, market close, Goldman Sachs (NYSE:GS), International Business Machine... (NYSE:IBM), Intel (NASDAQ:INTC), Merck & Co., Inc. (NYSE:MRK) Free Daily Newsletter Subscribe Terms & Conditions Sponsors Popular The Largest Private Company in Every State Cities Where You Don't Want to Get Sick The Worst Companies to Work For The Largest Employer in Every State Best (and Worst) Paying Cities for Women Recent 5 Must-See Earnings Coming This Week Top 5 Dow Stocks Reporting Earnings This Week Huge Michael Dell Purchase Highlights Insider Buying: Dell Technologies, Accelerate Diagnostics, Loxo Oncology and More 10 Worst States to Grow Old Get Quote for: Symbol Lookup Search How a Roth IRA Can Help You Make the Most of Social Security 1 Company Pioneering the AI Revolution Simple Ways to Maximize Your Social Security Benefits Macy's fires chief growth officer Peter Sachse Nasdaq Composite Index closes up 26.63 points, or 0.5%, at 5,574.12 S&P 500 closes up 4.12 points, or 0.2%, at 2,274.59 Caterpillar (CAT) or Deere (DE): Which Is the Better Stock? Unum Group (UNM) Strengthens Portfolio with New Coverage Union Pacific (UNP) Q4 Earnings: What Awaits the Stock? Sterling skids on Brexit anxiety; investors hope for Trump clarity Trump threatens BMW with border tax on cars built in Mexico Samsung Electronics probe finds battery was main cause of Note 7 fires: source 1 Company Pioneering the AI Revolution Simple Ways to Maximize Your Social Security Benefits Detroit Auto Show: Will Volkswagen Build This Electric Microbus? These 8 Men Have As Much Money As Half The World Trump Threatens BMW With Border Tax On Cars Built In Mexico Democrats Lead Nationwide Day Of Rallies In Defense Of Obamacare Home About Us Disclaimer and Terms of Use Privacy Policy Contact Us Advertise AOL-HuffPost Money & Finance ©2017 24/7 Wall St. | Powered by WordPress.com VIP
HOME EDITION News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Investing Trading Nation Trader Talk Financial Advisors Personal Finance CNBC Explains Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Recode Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows Watch Live CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Full Episodes More Log In | Register Log Out News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Consumer Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Halftime Portfolio Squawk Box Portfolio Take a Tour Subscribe Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Investing Trading Nation Trader Talk Financial Advisors Personal Finance CNBC Explains Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Recode Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Special Reports Modern Medicine FinTech CNBC Upstart 25 Retail Report Future Opportunities Davos Your Money, Your Future Original Series Executive Edge Trading Nation Futures Now Retire Well The Pulse @ 1 Market The Bottom Line CNBC Events Davos Delivering Alpha eMerge Americas iCONIC Conference Cambridge Cyber Summit Sohn Conference Follow CNBC EDITION Register Log In Profile Email Preferences PRO Sign Out Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Halftime Portfolio Squawk Box Portfolio Take a Tour Subscribe LIVE TV Watch CNBC TV Watch CNBC Pro Watchlist X × × × Mad Money with Jim Cramer Cramer's 2 sweet-spot plays on Trump's hatred of the pharmaceutical industry Abigail Stevenson | @A_StevensonCNBC Wednesday, 11 Jan 2017 | 6:15 PM ETCNBC.com SHARES show chapters Cramer's 2 sweet-spot plays on Trump's hatred of the pharmaceutical industry    Wednesday, 11 Jan 2017 | 1:00 PM ET | 11:50 It looked to Jim Cramer on Wednesday that someone forgot to tell Donald Trump about the Trump rally. The averages quickly fell after Trump's press conference in which he called for more price competition for drug companies. While the market managed to shrug off the comments by the close with technology stocks leading the way, it was a cause for concern for Cramer. "I bet Health and Human Services is going to do something about this whipping boy that will involve substantive rollbacks before this episode is over," the "Mad Money" host said. Cramer reminded investors that just because Trump is pro-business, that doesn't necessarily mean he is pro-stock market. In his world, he thinks if business does well than everyone does better. And he is OK with knowing that some industries will do worse if he believes they should be punished. Daniel Acker | Bloomberg | Getty Images Drilling floorman steadies a section of drill pipe and cleans the connection during natural-gas drilling operations. "If you are picking individual stocks beyond just the S&P 500 index funds that I always stress for your retirement, you want to avoid mall-based retailers or drug stocks." -Jim Cramer Thus, Trump is not going to bless Merck if it comes up with a better anti-lung cancer drug, Cramer said, and he doesn't care about trying to figure out the costs and benefits of orphan drug status. This won't be a case where being under the Trump microscope is a buying opportunity like it was for Boeing or United Technologies, Cramer warned. "If you own healthcare stocks, understand that our incoming President has got a real blunderbuss approach," Cramer said. Retailers also won't be able to rebound if Trump imposes a tax on imports, either. At the same time, Cramer recommended buying the stocks of companies directly from deregulation. Trump's cabinet appointments sent Cramer the message that they won't push for strict enforcement when it comes to bank lending. The same goes for oil and gas, too. Trump's appointments indicated that government to be a stumbling block when it comes to making money from fossil fuels or pipelines. "If you are picking individual stocks beyond just the S&P 500 index funds that I always stress for your retirement, you want to avoid mall-based retailers or drug stocks," Cramer said. Instead, go for the oil plays, especially if former Exxon-Mobil CEO Rex Tillerson is confirmed as Secretary of State. It may be the most pro-petroleum administration imaginable, Cramer said. So, with oil, gas and banks as the sweet spot of the market, Cramer recommended buying the stocks if they get slammed on upcoming earnings. They could be just like United Technologies and Boeing, which both rallied as soon as they made peace with Trump. Questions for Cramer? Call Cramer: 1-800-743-CNBC Want to take a deep dive into Cramer's world? Hit him up! Mad Money Twitter - Jim Cramer Twitter - Facebook - Instagram - Vine Questions, comments, suggestions for the "Mad Money" website? madcap@cnbc.com Abigail StevensonDigital Producer Related Securities Symbol Price   Change %Change S&P 500 --- MRK --- XOM --- UTX --- BA --- Cramer's New Book To view this site, you need to have JavaScript enabled in your browser, and either the Flash Plugin or an HTML5-Video enabled browser. Download the latest Flash player and try again. Playing Share this video... × Watch Next...
News Sports Living Obits Item Banner Cars Jobs E-Edition Subscriber Services log in Site Archive Dow closes up 99 points Wednesday Jan 11, 2017 at 11:12 AM Jan 11, 2017 at 4:49 PM The Associated Press Energy companies led U.S. stocks modestly higher Wednesday, nudging the Nasdaq composite to its fifth record-high close in a row. Rising crude oil prices gave energy companies a boost, including oil rig operator Transocean, which rose 4 percent. Traders also bid up shares in utilities. Health care stocks fell after President-elect Donald Trump spoke about the need for the government to stem drug costs by creating new bidding procedures. Pharmaceutical company Endo International led the decliners in the Standard & Poor's 500 index, sliding 8.5 percent. The stock market spent much of the day wavering between small gains and losses as investors sized up outlooks from several companies ahead of the latest batch of corporate earnings reports. "The heavy load comes in the coming weeks," said Tim Dreiling, regional investment director for U.S. Bank's Private Client Reserve. "There's a little bit of a wait-and-see on what those earnings numbers look like." The Dow Jones industrial average rose 98.75 points, or 0.5 percent, to 19,954.28. The S&P 500 index added 6.42 points, or 0.3 percent, to 2,275.32. The Nasdaq gained 11.83 points, or 0.2 percent, to 5,563.65. The index has risen every day this year. During a press conference Wednesday morning, Trump said the government has to create new bidding procedures for the pharmaceutical industry "because they're getting away with murder." The remarks sent health care stocks broadly lower, particularly pharmaceutical companies. At one point, drugmakers and one prescription drug distributor accounted for the nine biggest losers in the S&P 500. Endo International posted the biggest loss, tumbling $1.30 to $14.01. Perrigo slid $5.77, or 6.9 percent, to $77.88. Mallinckrodt slumped $3.31, or 6.2 percent, to $50.44. Not all drugmakers had a bad day. Merck rose 2.9 percent on news that the Food and Drug Administration will do a quick review of one of the company's drugs for its potential to treat a type of lung cancer. The stock added $1.71 to $61.63. Big U.S. companies start reporting fourth-quarter earnings this week. On Friday JPMorgan Chase, Wells Fargo and Bank of America release their results. "As we look into 2017, we still expect equities are going to be able to grind higher, because we still have enough of an economic push to do that," Dreiling said. "But a move up in equities is going to have to come from earnings, otherwise, these valuations ... look pretty stretched, pretty rich at these levels." Investors had their eye Wednesday on companies that released earnings or forecasts of their upcoming quarterly results. SuperValu slid 7.5 percent after the grocery store operator announced a weak third-quarter profit, partly because of falling food prices. The stock shed 36 cents to $4.43. Traders bid up shares in several companies that projected strong fourth-quarter results. Intuitive Surgical gained $15.96, or 2.4 percent, to $678.16, while medical device maker Stryker added $1.76, or 1.4 percent, to $123.66. Quarterly outlooks from other companies failed to impress investors. Signet Jewelers cut its profit forecast for the fourth quarter and current fiscal year, noting its sales fell 5 percent over the holidays. The stock fell $2.76, or 3.2 percent, to $84.70. Auto parts supplier BorgWarner slid 1.6 percent after it issued a profit and sales forecast that fell short of what Wall Street was anticipating. The stock shed 65 cents to $40.12. The major indexes in Europe were mixed. Germany's DAX rose 0.5 percent, while France's CAC 40 was essentially flat. Britain's FTSE 100 gained 0.2 percent. Earlier in Asia, a strong earnings forecast from Samsung Electronics helped drive gains on the South Korean stock market, where the Kospi added 1.5 percent and hit its highest close in over a year. Japan's benchmark Nikkei 225 rose 0.3 percent. Australia's S&P/ASX 200 added 0.2 percent. Hong Kong's Hang Seng gained 0.8 percent. Benchmark U.S. crude rose $1.43, or 2.8 percent, to close at $52.25 a barrel in New York. Brent crude, which is used to price oil sold internationally, gained $1.46, or 2.7 percent, at $55.10 a barrel in London. In other energy trading, wholesale gasoline added 5 cents to $1.59 a gallon and heating oil rose 4 cents to $1.65 a gallon. Natural gas futures slipped 5 cents to $3.22 per 1,000 cubic feet. Bond prices rose. The yield on the 10-year Treasury note fell to 2.36 percent from 2.38 percent late Tuesday. In currency markets, the dollar fell to 115.43 yen from 115.73 yen late Tuesday. The euro rose to $1.0576 from $1.0560. The pound, which has been declining amid concern that Britain might break off completely from the European Union's single market, gained ground on the dollar. The British currency strengthened to $1.2208 from $1.2163. Among metals, the price of gold rose $11.10 to $1,196.60 an ounce. Silver slipped 2 cents to $16.83 an ounce. Copper was little changed at $2.61 a pound. About Us Sign up for daily e-mail Subscribe Reader Services Register/Subscribe Subscriber Services T&G E-Edition Worcester Living E-Edition NIE Business Matters Coupon Values FAQ Photo reprints (non-commercial use) Commercial photo licenses Advertising Advertising Contacts Propel Marketing - Digital Marketplace Media Kit Place an Ad Jobs Real Estate Pets Legal Notices News Contact Us Letters to the Editor Submit a Press Release Events Copyright/Terms of Use Marketing About Us Visions Contact Us The Item The Banner Reprints & Licensing Propel Marketing © Copyright 2006-2017 GateHouse Media, LLC. Some rights reserved  •  GateHouse News Original content available for non-commercial use under a Creative Commons license, except where noted. telegram.com ~ 100 Front St., Floor 5, Worcester MA 01608 ~ Privacy Policy ~ Terms Of Service Close Home News Worcester Police & Fire Courts Government Education New England Nation & World Shareable Databases Election 2016 Region North South/West East/Valley Columnists Local Photos Local Video Sports Hometeam Red Sox Patriots Bruins Celtics Columnists Auto Racing Opinion Editorials Columnists As I See It Letters Cartoons Blogs Living Things to do Movie showtimes Entertainment Food Lifestyle Columnists Calendar Business Local Business Business Matters Business People Markets Columnists Obituaries Submit Obituary Obituary FAQ More Photos Videos TV Listings Movies Then & Now Worcester Worcester Living Hometeam Traffic Lottery The Item The Banner Services Merchants Dining Contests Branded Content Celebrations Classifieds Propel T&G Santa Subscriber E-Edition Subscriber Services Register/Subscribe Market Place Classifieds Marketplace Cars Jobs Homes Place an Ad Propel Marketing Services Feedback Terms of Use Privacy Policy GateHouse Media Publications
e-Edition Obituaries Special Sections Special Occasions Subscribe Paywall Login Login to Comment Register January 15th, 2017 Menu Home News Sports Business Entertainment Classifieds Life Commentary Contact Local News Provincial News National News World News US stock indexes close higher after wavering much of the day Poll Do you agree with the Supreme Court decision that Alberta’s energy regulator has immunity from being sued? Yes No View Results  Loading ... Follow @LethHerald on twitter By Alex Veiga, The Associated Press on January 11, 2017. FILE - This July 16, 2013, file photo, shows a Wall Street street sign outside the New York Stock Exchange. The major U.S. stock indexes edged higher in early trading Wednesday, Jan. 11, 2017, as investors looked ahead to the start of corporate earnings reports later in the week. Energy stocks led the gainers as crude oil prices headed higher, while phone and real estate stocks lagged the most. (AP Photo/Mark Lennihan, File) Energy companies led U.S. stocks modestly higher Wednesday, nudging the Nasdaq composite to its fifth record-high close in a row. Rising crude oil prices gave energy companies a boost, including oil rig operator Transocean, which rose 4 per cent. Traders also bid up shares in utilities. Health care stocks fell after President-elect Donald Trump spoke about the need for the government to stem drug costs by creating new bidding procedures. Pharmaceutical company Endo International led the decliners in the Standard & Poor’s 500 index, sliding 8.5 per cent. The stock market spent much of the day wavering between small gains and losses as investors sized up outlooks from several companies ahead of the latest batch of corporate earnings reports. “The heavy load comes in the coming weeks,” said Tim Dreiling, regional investment director for U.S. Bank’s Private Client Reserve. “There’s a little bit of a wait-and-see on what those earnings numbers look like.” The Dow Jones industrial average rose 98.75 points, or 0.5 per cent, to 19,954.28. The S&P 500 index added 6.42 points, or 0.3 per cent, to 2,275.32. The Nasdaq gained 11.83 points, or 0.2 per cent, to 5,563.65. The index has risen every day this year. During a press conference Wednesday morning, Trump said the government has to create new bidding procedures for the pharmaceutical industry “because they’re getting away with murder.” The remarks sent health care stocks broadly lower, particularly pharmaceutical companies. At one point, drugmakers and one prescription drug distributor accounted for the nine biggest losers in the S&P 500. Endo International posted the biggest loss, tumbling $1.30 to $14.01. Perrigo slid $5.77, or 6.9 per cent, to $77.88. Mallinckrodt slumped $3.31, or 6.2 per cent, to $50.44. Not all drugmakers had a bad day. Merck rose 2.9 per cent on news that the Food and Drug Administration will do a quick review of one of the company’s drugs for its potential to treat a type of lung cancer. The stock added $1.71 to $61.63. Big U.S. companies start reporting fourth-quarter earnings this week. On Friday JPMorgan Chase, Wells Fargo and Bank of America release their results. “As we look into 2017, we still expect equities are going to be able to grind higher, because we still have enough of an economic push to do that,” Dreiling said. “But a move up in equities is going to have to come from earnings, otherwise, these valuations … look pretty stretched, pretty rich at these levels.” Investors had their eye Wednesday on companies that released earnings or forecasts of their upcoming quarterly results. SuperValu slid 7.5 per cent after the grocery store operator announced a weak third-quarter profit, partly because of falling food prices. The stock shed 36 cents to $4.43. Traders bid up shares in several companies that projected strong fourth-quarter results. Intuitive Surgical gained $15.96, or 2.4 per cent, to $678.16, while medical device maker Stryker added $1.76, or 1.4 per cent, to $123.66. Quarterly outlooks from other companies failed to impress investors. Signet Jewelers cut its profit forecast for the fourth quarter and current fiscal year, noting its sales fell 5 per cent over the holidays. The stock fell $2.76, or 3.2 per cent, to $84.70. Auto parts supplier BorgWarner slid 1.6 per cent after it issued a profit and sales forecast that fell short of what Wall Street was anticipating. The stock shed 65 cents to $40.12. The major indexes in Europe were mixed. Germany’s DAX rose 0.5 per cent, while France’s CAC 40 was essentially flat. Britain’s FTSE 100 gained 0.2 per cent. Earlier in Asia, a strong earnings forecast from Samsung Electronics helped drive gains on the South Korean stock market, where the Kospi added 1.5 per cent and hit its highest close in over a year. Japan’s benchmark Nikkei 225 rose 0.3 per cent. Australia’s S&P/ASX 200 added 0.2 per cent. Hong Kong’s Hang Seng gained 0.8 per cent. Benchmark U.S. crude rose $1.43, or 2.8 per cent, to close at $52.25 a barrel in New York. Brent crude, which is used to price oil sold internationally, gained $1.46, or 2.7 per cent, at $55.10 a barrel in London. In other energy trading, wholesale gasoline added 5 cents to $1.59 a gallon and heating oil rose 4 cents to $1.65 a gallon. Natural gas futures slipped 5 cents to $3.22 per 1,000 cubic feet. Bond prices rose. The yield on the 10-year Treasury note fell to 2.36 per cent from 2.38 per cent late Tuesday. In currency markets, the dollar fell to 115.43 yen from 115.73 yen late Tuesday. The euro rose to $1.0576 from $1.0560. The pound, which has been declining amid concern that Britain might break off completely from the European Union’s single market, gained ground on the dollar. The British currency strengthened to $1.2208 from $1.2163. Among metals, the price of gold rose $11.10 to $1,196.60 an ounce. Silver slipped 2 cents to $16.83 an ounce. Copper was little changed at $2.61 a pound. 000000 000000 Leave a Reply Click here to cancel reply. You must be logged in to post a comment. More ways to get to us Facebook Twitter YouTube ePaper Login Subscribe Subscription Services Archive About Us The Lethbridge Herald Other Publications Food For Thought Contact Careers Contact the Lethbridge Herald 504 - 7th Street South Lethbridge, AB T1J 3Z7 [P] (403) 328-4411 [F] (403)328-4536 Print Advertising: (403) 328-4410 National Advertising: (403) 380-7585 Online Advertising: (403) 380-7585 Classifieds: (403) 328-4433 © 1996-2017 The Lethbridge Herald, A Division of Continental Newspapers Canada Ltd. Advertising Terms and Conditions & Privacy Policy
Asian shares mixed after Trump offers scant policy details - CBS46 News Member Center: Create Account| Log In Manage Account| Log Out SITE SEARCHWEB SEARCH BY Local News Crime Cobb DeKalb Fulton Gwinnett Other Counties Georgia Politics US and World News North Georgia drought and wildfires Traffic Gas Prices Web Links News Tips WeatheRate & 3° Guarantee 7-Day Forecast Hourly Forecast Weekend Forecast Photo Friday Current Temperatures Interactive Map Live Radar Weather Maps Daily Pollen Count Weather Cams with Radar School Closings Download the CBS46 Weather App Photos CBS46 Live Stream Watch CBS Shows Metro Atlanta HD Live Look Cams Better Call Harry Videos Ticket Tuesday Positively Georgia CBS46 Cares Books to Kids Events Atlanta Falcons Atlanta Braves Atlanta Hawks SEC College Sports News Meet the Staff Program Schedule Watch CBS Shows Peachtree TV CBS46 Deals Job openings Internships Contests Closed Captioning Connect With CBS46 Print Asian shares mixed after Trump offers scant policy details Posted: Wednesday, January 11, 2017 10:23 AM EST Updated: Wednesday, January 11, 2017 10:13 PM EST NationalMore>> Central US Ice storm falls short of dire forecasts Central US Ice storm falls short of dire forecasts Updated: Sunday, January 15 2017 8:36 PM EST2017-01-16 01:36:37 GMT A third wave of sleet and drizzle could hit parts of the central U.S. on the eve of the holiday, and temperatures threaten to stay near or below freezing and add to the treacherous mix.More > Sleet and drizzle glazed swaths of the central U.S. on Sunday, extending icy weather that some meteorologists acknowledged fell short of dire forecasts.More > Thousands rally to resist Republican health law repeal drive Thousands rally to resist Republican health law repeal drive Updated: Sunday, January 15 2017 8:06 PM EST2017-01-16 01:06:17 GMT Thousands of people are showing up for a rally in suburban Detroit where U.S. Sen. Bernie Sanders will speak in support of President Barack Obama's signature health care law.More > Thousands of people showed up in freezing temperatures on Sunday in Michigan to hear Sen. Bernie Sanders denounce Republican efforts to repeal President Barack Obama's health care law, one of dozens of rallies...More > PBS: No 'red flag' on funding under Trump, but it's early PBS: No 'red flag' on funding under Trump, but it's early Updated: Sunday, January 15 2017 7:56 PM EST2017-01-16 00:56:15 GMT PBS is waiting, but not quietly, to see what the Trump administration's impact on public broadcasting and its federal funding may be, PBS chief executive Paula Kerger said.More > PBS is waiting, but not quietly, to see what the Trump administration's impact on public broadcasting and its federal funding may be, PBS chief executive Paula Kerger said.More > 3 Nevada Democrats want ex-senator statue out of US Capitol 3 Nevada Democrats want ex-senator statue out of US Capitol Updated: Sunday, January 15 2017 3:36 PM EST2017-01-15 20:36:11 GMT Three Democratic congressional representatives are asking state lawmakers to act to remove a statue of former Nevada senator from the U.S. Capitol's Statuary Hall, alleging that he left a "legacy of racism,...More > Three Democratic congressional representatives are asking state lawmakers to act to remove a statue of former Nevada senator from the U.S. Capitol's Statuary Hall, alleging that he left a "legacy of racism,...More > Love it or hate it, people have opinions on the circus Love it or hate it, people have opinions on the circus Updated: Sunday, January 15 2017 3:26 PM EST2017-01-15 20:26:04 GMT Reaction to news that the Ringling Bros. and Barnum & Bailey Circus was closing after 146 years - from saddened celebrities to elated animal rights advocates - flew as fast as a flying trapeze.More > Reaction to news that the Ringling Bros. and Barnum & Bailey Circus was closing after 146 years - from saddened celebrities to elated animal rights advocates - flew as fast as a flying trapeze.More > Chicago police officer fatally shoots fleeing gunman Chicago police officer fatally shoots fleeing gunman Updated: Sunday, January 15 2017 12:15 PM EST2017-01-15 17:15:58 GMT A police officer confronted by a fleeing gunman suspected of shooting three people fatally shot the man early Sunday, Chicago police said.More > A police officer confronted by a fleeing gunman suspected of shooting three people fatally shot the man early Sunday, Chicago police said.More > The Latest: Kansas, Missouri, Oklahoma deal with icy weather The Latest: Kansas, Missouri, Oklahoma deal with icy weather Updated: Sunday, January 15 2017 11:46 AM EST2017-01-15 16:46:58 GMT The Latest on ice storms in the central U.S. (all times local):More > The Latest on ice storms in the central U.S. (all times local):More > Nowhere left to run away to: The final days of the circus Nowhere left to run away to: The final days of the circus Updated: Sunday, January 15 2017 10:45 AM EST2017-01-15 15:45:59 GMT Goodbye to death-defying feats - daring young men (and women) on the flying trapeze, whip-wielding lion tamers, human cannonballs. Goodbye to the scent of peanuts and popcorn, the thrill of three rings, the jaunty...More > Goodbye to death-defying feats - daring young men (and women) on the flying trapeze, whip-wielding lion tamers, human cannonballs. Goodbye to the scent of peanuts and popcorn, the thrill of three rings, the jaunty...More > Quaker group marks centennial with 'Waging Peace' exhibit Quaker group marks centennial with 'Waging Peace' exhibit Updated: Sunday, January 15 2017 8:25 AM EST2017-01-15 13:25:54 GMT The American Friends Service Committee is celebrating 100 years of nonviolent activism with an exhibition, "Waging Peace," that showcases the group's accomplishments while also illustrating work that remains to...More > The American Friends Service Committee is celebrating 100 years of nonviolent activism with an exhibition, "Waging Peace," that showcases the group's accomplishments while also illustrating work that remains to be done.More > Secret WWI telegram holds lessons for today, historians say Secret WWI telegram holds lessons for today, historians say Updated: Sunday, January 15 2017 8:16 AM EST2017-01-15 13:16:59 GMT In a secret telegram a century ago, Germany tried to get Mexico to join its side during World War I by offering it territory in the United States. Britain intercepted, deciphered and shared the "Zimmermann Telegram."More > In a secret telegram a century ago, Germany tried to get Mexico to join its side during World War I by offering it territory in the United States. Britain intercepted, deciphered and shared the "Zimmermann Telegram."More >    By EILEEN NG Associated Press KUALA LUMPUR, Malaysia (AP) - Asian shares were mixed Thursday following President-elect Donald Trump's press conference. Trump offered scant details on policies, disappointing investors hoping for a clearer sense of his plans for trade and economic stimulus. KEEPING SCORE: Japan's benchmark Nikkei 225 shed 0.9 percent to 19,192.76. Hong Kong's Hang Seng dipped 0.1 percent to 22,916.85, and the Shanghai Composite was also down 0.1 percent at 3,133.80. Australia's S&P/ASX 200 added 0.2 percent to 5,784.40 and South Korea's Kospi gained 0.3 percent at 2,080.39. Shares in Southeast Asia were mostly higher. WALL STREET: The Nasdaq hit a fifth record-high close in a row, gaining 11.83 points, or 0.2 percent, to 5,563.65. The Dow Jones industrial average rose 98.75 points, or 0.5 percent, to 19,954.28. The S&P 500 index added 6.42 points, or 0.3 percent, to 2,275.32. TRUMP NEWS: Trump's first news conference in nearly six months was an anti-climax, with scant details on his plans for infrastructure spending and tax reforms. Trump attacked U.S. intelligence services and big pharmaceutical companies, instead of outlining his platform. His comment that the government should change bidding procedures for the pharmaceutical industry "because they're getting away with murder," drove health care stocks lower THE QUOTE: "It is what he didn't mention - fiscal stimulus - that worries market participants. The U.S. dollar rally was based on the assumption that Trump's administration will push through a massive infrastructure building and fiscal stimulus package, which will lead to higher inflation in the future," said Margaret Yang Yan, market analyst with CMC Markets in Singapore. "The slump in the U.S. dollar index last night indicated that assumption is now unwinding because the president-elect never even mentioned that key word 'stimulus'." ENERGY: Benchmark crude oil dipped 8 cents to $52.17 a barrel. It rose $1.43, or 2.8 percent, to close at $52.25 a barrel in New York on Wednesday. Brent crude, which is used to price oil sold internationally, fell 2 cents to $55.08. CURRENCIES: The dollar fell to 114.74 yen from 115.43 on Wednesday. The euro rose to $1.0603 from $1.0576. Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed. News Video Weather Photos Station Meet the Staff Program Schedule Job Openings Online Public File Closed Captioning Childrens Programming FCC EEO Public File Report Public File Contact All content © 2000- 2017 WGCL-TV. All Rights Reserved. For more information on this site, please read our Privacy Policy, and Terms of Service, and Ad Choices.
Benzinga Benzinga Pro Marketfy Financial Data & APIs Fintech Awards Membership is Free What are you waiting for? Sign up now! Username: Username available! Username taken! Email: Email available! Email taken! Password: Leave blank: OR Free Account Login Click here to access your premium account Username or email: Password: OR Forgot password?' Looking for ? CLICK HERE Contribute Login Sign up Benzinga - Feed Your Mind. Home Best of Benzinga Careers About Contact Us Partners Benzinga Fintech Awards News Earnings Guidance Dividends M&A Buybacks Legal Interviews Management Retail Sales Offerings IPOs Insider Trades Biotech/FDA Markets Pre-Market After Hours Movers Forex Commodities Options Binary Options Bonds Futures Global Economics Previews Reviews Small-Cap Ratings Analyst Color Downgrades Upgrades Initiations Price Target Ideas Long Ideas Short Ideas Technicals From The Press Jim Cramer Rumors ETFs Tech Start-Ups Fintech Personal Finance Premium Products My Watchlist Market Overview Tickers Articles Keywords Search by keyword...googlecse All The Markets Trump Moved During His Speech Today Elizabeth Balboa , Benzinga Staff Writer   {{following ? "Following" : "Follow"}} January 11, 2017 3:51pm   Comments Share: Related ABT The Fentanyl Abuse Epidemic Muddy Waters' Carson Block: Announced Tech Fixes Do Not Appear To Address Many Of The Larger Problems For Abbott-St. Jude Orrstown Financial Services Inc Buys Ecolab Inc, Whirlpool Corp, Abbott Laboratories, Sells ... (GuruFocus) Related BA Blood, Sweat And Tear Gas: Trump's 'Cadillac One' To Debut Next Week Attention Boeing Investors: Don't Worry About Trump's Trade War With China The Boeing 737 MAX 10: A Basic Answer To Airbus (Seeking Alpha) The words of President-elect Donald Trump have a Midas-ian touch. Throughout Trump's speech Wednesday morning, comments aimed at particular industries and corporations corresponded with spikes in relevant stocks. Pharmaceuticals, biotech firms, cybersecurity companies, the indices of entire foreign markets — hardly anything emerged from the address untouched. The S&P 500 Index spoke to the impact as it fell 0.5 percent over the first 15 minutes of the speech before rising another 0.5 percent over the next half hour. Pharmaceuticals After Trump said U.S. pharmaceuticals are “getting away with murder” and asserted that “we need new bidding procedures,” ETFs iShares NASDAQ Biotechnology Index (ETF) (NASDAQ: IBB) and SPDR S&P Biotech (ETF) (NYSE: XBI) immediately plunged 2.6 percent and 3.3 percent, respectively. Direxion Daily S&P Biotech Bull 3X Shares (NYSE: LABU) fell 9.8 percent, and Direxion Daily S&P Biotech Bear 3X Shares (NYSE: LABD) rose 9.7 percent. Individual shares also took significant hits, including Mylan Inc (NASDAQ: MYL), Pfizer Inc. (NYSE: PFE) and Biogen Inc (NASDAQ: BIIB). Healthcare/Insurance The president-elect also addressed his negative perception of the Affordable Care Act and reiterated his mission to dispose of it. “It'll be repeal and replace,” he said. “It will be essentially simultaneously.” The S&P 500 Health Care responded with a 1.7-percent plunge and has remained down since. One of the biggest corporate losers among health-related companies was NewLink Genetics Corp (NASDAQ: NLNK), the shares of which fell 4.2 percent during the speech and continued to plummet for a total drop of 5.26 percent on the day at last check before publication. Merck & Co., Inc. (NYSE: MRK) also took a 2.4 percent hit and continued to fall, while Abbott Laboratories (NYSE: ABT) fell 1.5 percent before rebounding. Cybersecurity When Trump alluded to a hacking-related defense plan set to be created in the next three months, cybersecurity shares immediately peaked. However, the effect was seemingly short-lived. PureFunds ISE Cyber Security ETF (NYSE: HACK) values had dropped 0.8 percent prior to the presidential nod, and, after a brief rally at the time of the comment, remained relatively volatile. Shares are still up on the day. Symantec Corporation (NASDAQ: SYMC) saw similar volatility after a quick, mid-speech drop of 0.5 percent, but its value has generally improved throughout the day. Some in the industry haven’t yet recovered. FireEye Inc (NASDAQ: FEYE) shares fell 2.7 percent and — after a 1.1-percent rally following Trump’s comments — have continued to fall since. Defense The PowerShares Aerospace & Defense (ETF) (NYSE: PPA) moved slightly lower when Trump took the podium (0.1 percent), but trading volume was light at 4,389. Individual corporations felt more significant impact. The shares of Lockheed Martin Corporation (NYSE: LMT) and Boeing Co (NYSE: BA) fell 1.5 percent and 0.7 percent, respectively, but each company has seen moderate improvements throughout the day. What Trump Said About International Trade Consistent with his economic platform championing domestic production, Trump praised corporations that have brought manufacturing processes to the United States. “Big news is going to be announced over the next couple of weeks about companies that are going to be building in the Midwest,” he said, praising Fiat Chrysler Automobiles NV (NYSE: FCAU) and Ford Motor Company (NYSE: F) for constructing factories in the United States. The auto manufacturers’ decision to produce domestically diverted investments from Mexico, the economy of which felt the heat of Trump’s address. The Mexican peso's value against the U.S. dollar had fallen throughout the morning; it saw a steep rise in relative value — from 21.99 to 21.79 pesos to the dollar — as soon as Trump began his speech. From then on, the peso fell to 21.95, bounced up to 21.77, and has been on the decline since. iShares MSCI Mexico Inv. Mt. Idx. (ETF) (NYSE: EWW) spiked up 1.9 percent before abruptly falling by a comparable degree. It now stands down 0.36 percent on the day. Mexico’s wasn’t the only economy that reacted to Trump’s speech. Market Vector Russia ETF Trust (NYSE: RSX) values rose and fell within a five-cent range throughout the address but have steadily risen since. "Russia will have far greater respect for our country when I'm leading it,” Trump said. “We're either going to get along, or we're not. I hope we get along, but if we don't, that's possible too.” Trump also called out China for having “taken total advantage of us economically...and (taken) advantage of us in the South China Sea.” The iShares FTSE/Xinhua China 25 Index (ETF) (NYSE: FXI) reacted to the speech with great volatility with values ranging plus or minus $0.10. iShares MSCI Japan ETF (NYSEARCA:EWJ) also swelled 0.5 percent in the middle of the speech and has remained up on the day. Image Credit: By Max Goldberg from USA - Trump (12/8), CC BY 2.0, Wikimedia Commons Posted-In: Biotech News Health Care Technicals Politics Forex Topics Events Best of Benzinga © 2017 Benzinga.com. Benzinga does not provide investment advice. All rights reserved.   Related Articles (ABT + BA) Blood, Sweat And Tear Gas: Trump's 'Cadillac One' To Debut Next Week The Fentanyl Abuse Epidemic Muddy Waters' Carson Block: Announced Tech Fixes Do Not Appear To Address Many Of The Larger Problems For Abbott-St. Jude Attention Boeing Investors: Don't Worry About Trump's Trade War With China The Market In 5 Minutes: Jobless Claims Fall Again, Retailers Struggle America: Just How Socialist Are We These Days? View Comments and Join the Discussion! View the discussion thread. Sign up for email alerts on ABT Trending Recent 1 JPM, AMZN: The Program For Trading Like A Hedge Fund 2 SPX, SPY: How Animal Spirits Will Affect The Market In 2017 1 KO, NFLX: The Program For Trading Like A Hedge Fund 2 SPX, SPY: How Animal Spirits Will Affect The Market In 2017 3 PODD, TNDM: DexCom Jumps 25% As It Becomes Only Continuous Glucose... 4 AAPL: Apple's AirPod Success: Headphone Users Show... 5 SPY: Lessons To Learn From George Soros' $1 Bil... 6 KKR, OAK: Greek Philosophy, Tough Guys, And Rubbe... 7 NTODY, NTDOY: How Nintendo's Last 4... View upcoming Earnings, Ratings, Dividend and Economic Calendars. Benzinga Benzinga is a fast-growing, dynamic and innovative financial media outlet that empowers investors with high-quality, unique content. Popular Channels Analyst Ratings Be Your Own Boss ETFs Economics Forex Hot News Options Press Releases Start-ups Tech Tools & Features Affiliate Program Premarket Prep Feeds News Widget Real Time Feed Sitemap Submit News Tips About Benzinga About Us Licensing and APIs Apps (iOS and Android) Fintech Awards Blog In the News Careers Contact Us Disclaimer Privacy Policy Syndication Terms and Conditions Benzinga Partners 1 (877) 440-9464 (ZING) © Copyright Benzinga Benzinga - Feed Your Mind News Markets Ratings Ideas Tech Small-Cap Personal Finance Premium Products Home Appraisals Are Falling Whoops! Trump May Have Grossly Exaggerated The Number Of Americans Who Can't Find A Job
Latest News Dow 19,886 -5.27 -0.03% Nasdaq 5,574 +26.63 +0.48% S&P 500 2,275 +4.20 +0.18% 8:44 P.M. ET Here's what Trump means for the tech industry 6:54 P.M. ET Ice Storms Cause Hazards in Great Plains States 6:21 P.M. ET These dogs make up to $10K per social media post 6:03 P.M. ET Updated U.K. pound drops ahead of Theresa May’s Brexit speech 5:27 P.M. ET CIA chief John Brennan has a stern warning for Donald Trump 5:10 P.M. ET Updated Don’t buy the spin: Trump’s tycoons really will avoid taxes 5:00 P.M. ET Why Goldman sees only 90 good days for U.S. stocks in 2017 4:57 P.M. ET Nvidia and Audi predict self-driving car by 2020 4:19 P.M. ET Updated Divorce lawyers: 30% more couples terminate their marriage in January 4:19 P.M. ET Updated Most Americans are one medical emergency away from financial disaster 4:19 P.M. ET Updated My ex-husband left me his $150,000 pension — his sister says it was an oversight 2:04 P.M. ET More Democratic lawmakers plan on boycotting Trump’s inauguration 2:03 P.M. ET Davos elite promise global solutions, but they’re part of the problem 2:01 P.M. ET Unrest could grip Germany in 2017 and U.S. investors could suffer fallout 2:00 P.M. ET 4 reforms we must make to our democracy to protect the American economy 1:39 P.M. ET Updated Sanders says ‘it would not be a bad thing’ if FBI boss Comey stepped down 1:37 P.M. ET Updated Ringling Bros. and Barnum & Bailey Circus to shut down after 146 years 1:23 P.M. ET Updated Is Amazon’s new credit card for Prime members worth it? 1:18 P.M. ET Updated Is Chase Sapphire Reserve card still a good value — even with the new terms? 1:18 P.M. ET Updated 1 in 10 Americans say they will die in debt Log In Home News Viewer Video SectorWatch Podcasts First Take Games Portfolio My MarketWatch News Viewer Markets U.S. Europe/Middle East Emerging Markets Asia Canada SectorWatch Columns Market Snapshot Movers & Shakers The Tell Currencies Futures Movers Pre-Market News Tools Earnings Wall Markets Overview IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar Currency Tools Futures Contracts Market Screener Hulbert Interactive Investing Stocks Mutual Funds ETFs Options Bonds Commodities Currencies Futures Hedge Funds/Insider Trades Getting Started MarketWatch Adviser Columns Options Trader Revolution Investing Tools Stock Screener Funds Finder ETF Screener Options Screener IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar More... Trading Deck . Personal Finance 10 Things Big Spender Real Estate Spending & Saving Taxes Columns The Moneyologist Brett Arends Bill Bischoff Amy Hoak Chuck Jaffe Jennifer Openshaw Jennifer Waters Tools Funds Finder Today's Rates Retirement RetireMentors Encore Taxes Retire Here, Not There How-to Guides Social Security Estate Planning Events Columns Robert Powell's Retirement Portfolio Andrea Coombes's Working Retirement Tools Retirement Planner How long will my money last? Economy Federal Reserve Capitol Report Economic Report Columns Darrell Delamaide Irwin Kellner Rex Nutting Tools Economic Calendar Real Estate Location Scouts realtor.com My MarketWatch Watchlist Alerts Games Log In Home Markets U.S. & Canada Nasdaq closes at fifth straight record as stocks finish higher By Wallace Witkowski Published: Jan 11, 2017 4:06 p.m. ET Share By WallaceWitkowski Reporter U.S. stocks rebounded to close higher Wednesday following President-elect Donald Trump's press conference, with the Nasdaq notching its fifth straight record close in a row. The Dow Jones Industrial Average DJIA, -0.03% rose 98.75 points, or 0.5%, to finish at 19,954.28, after coming within 27 points of the 20,000 mark, led by gains in Merck & Co. MRK, +0.21% and International Business Machines Corp. IBM, -0.36% The S&P 500 index SPX, +0.18% closed up 6.42 points, or 0.3%, at 2,275.32, a few points short of a new record with the energy and utilities sectors the strongest performers. The Nasdaq Composite index COMP, +0.48% finished up 11.83 points, or 0.2%, at 5,563.65, its fifth record close in as many sessions, and the seventh straight day of gains for the tech-heavy index. Quote References DJIA -5.27 -0.03% MRK +0.13 +0.21% IBM -0.61 -0.36% SPX +4.20 +0.18% COMP +26.63 +0.48% Show all references Most Popular Why Goldman sees only 90 good days for U.S. stocks in 2017 More Democratic lawmakers plan on boycotting Trump’s inauguration Stocks may need a flawless earnings season to keep Trump rally going CIA chief John Brennan has a stern warning for Donald Trump Tour the house Obama will live in after he moves out of the White House MarketWatch Partner Center Luxury Real Estate Essential apps for your smart home hub View More SectorWatch These dogs make up to $10k per social media post View More Real Estate 2016's most popular homes were led by the biggest fixer-upper of all time View More Barron's Next When leaving a job, take the 401k money and run View More Sponsored Headlines MarketWatch Site Index Topics Help Feedback Newsroom Roster Media Archive Premium Products Mobile Company Company Info Code of Conduct Corrections Advertising Media Kit Advertise Locally Reprints & Licensing Broker Center Your Ad Choices Dow Jones Network WSJ.com Barron's Online BigCharts Virtual Stock Exchange Financial News Online WSJ.com Small Business realtor.com Mansion Global Back to Top Copyright ©2017 MarketWatch, Inc. All rights reserved. By using this site you agree to the Terms of Service, Privacy Policy, and Cookie Policy. Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. Intraday data delayed per exchange requirements. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real time last sale data provided by NASDAQ. More information on NASDAQ traded symbols and their current financial status. Intraday data delayed 15 minutes for Nasdaq, and 20 minutes for other exchanges. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. SEHK intraday data is provided by SIX Financial Information and is at least 60-minutes delayed. All quotes are in local exchange time. Advanced Search Stocks Columns Authors Topics No results found Dow Jones Industrial Average DJ-Index: DJIA 19,885.73 -5.27 (-0.03%) Volume 263.8M Open 19,913 High 19,952 Low 19,849 P/E Ratio 0 Div Yield 0 Market Cap N/A Merck & Co. Inc. U.S.: NYSE: MRK $62.34 +0.13 (+0.21%) Volume 9.6M Open $62.33 High $62.68 Low $62.10 P/E Ratio 31.81 Div Yield 3.02 Market Cap 171.9B International Business Machines Corp. U.S.: NYSE: IBM $167.34 -0.61 (-0.36%) Volume 2.8M Open $167.97 High $168.48 Low $166.88 P/E Ratio 13.64 Div Yield 3.35 Market Cap 159.1B S&P 500 Index S&P Base CME: SPX 2,274.64 +4.20 (+0.18%) Volume 1.8B Open 2,273 High 2,279 Low 2,272 P/E Ratio 0 Div Yield 0 Market Cap N/A NASDAQ Composite Index U.S.: Nasdaq: COMP 5,574.12 +26.63 (+0.48%) Volume 0 Open 5,558 High 5,584 Low 5,557 P/E Ratio 0 Div Yield 0 Market Cap N/A LatestNews
Contact Us Journalists Blog Log In Sign Up Send a Release News Solutions Resources Search News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News dansk Deutsch español Français italiano Nederlands norsk português suomeksi svenska America's Top Corporations Rely on EXHIBITORLIVE for Trade Show and Event Training Early Registration Features Powerhouse Programs News provided by Exhibitor Media Group Jan 11, 2017, 15:03 ET Share this article ROCHESTER, Minn., Jan. 11, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- America's top manufacturers and Fortune 500 companies who collectively spend billions annually on face-to-face marketing programs, know that the planning, managing and execution of their events require special skill sets. Many are already registered for EXHIBITORLIVE, the 29th Annual Conference for Trade Show and Corporate Event Professionals, to be held at the Mandalay Bay Convention Center, March 12-16, in Las Vegas. Bayer Healthcare, Charles Schwab, Duncan Aviation, Dupont, ExxonMobil, Fuji Film, General Dynamics, Harley-Davidson, Kaiser Permanente, Merck, Northrop Grumman, Rockwell Automation, Verizon and Wells Fargo, represent a growing number of corporate giants sending staff to this year's EXHIBITORLIVE for comprehensive education and training. Continue Reading (PRNewsFoto/Exhibitor Media Group)... "Our attendees come from every industry in America," remarks Randal Acker, president and COO of Exhibitor Media Group. "They represent companies serious about their face-to-face marketing performance. They're from companies of all sizes but we feel it's the industry giants that really validate the success of the conference educational curriculum.  When you have professionals from NASA, Microsoft and 3M attending sessions and scouting the exhibit hall, you know you have something special." "The educational program offers 169 basic and advanced sessions across seven learning tracks," adds Dee Silfies, chief learning strategist for EXHIBITORLIVE. "The entire curriculum is reviewed and updated annually to ensure the content is fresh and relevant, and that the world's best practices are represented. Our attendees love taking home new ideas and skills they can immediately apply."  "EXHIBITORLIVE is the only place to meet people who are doing what we do.  An amazing place to network, exchange ideas, solve problems, and get job-specific training," says Kristi White, meeting and events specialist 2, Smith & Nephew. For more information about EXHIBITORLIVE, go to www.ExhibitorLive.com.  About Exhibitor Media Group The leader in trade show and corporate event marketing education, Exhibitor Media Group publishes the award-winning EXHIBITOR magazine, a monthly publication featuring best practices in trade show marketing. EXHIBITOR'S Learning Events include: EXHIBITORLIVE, the training conference for trade show and corporate event professionals; EXHIBITORFastTrak accelerated learning conferences; and EXHIBITOR eTrak, professional online learning. Exhibitor Media Group is also the founder and sponsor of CTSM (Certified Trade Show Marketer), the world's only university-affiliated professional certification program. Learn more at www.ExhibitorOnline.com.  EXHIBITOR is a registered trademark, and EXHIBITORLIVE, EXHIBITORFastTrak, and EXHIBITOR eTrak, are trademarks of Exhibitor Publications, Inc. in the USA and other countries. All company and/or product names may be trade names, trademarks and/or registered trademarks of the respective owners with which they are associated.    To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/americas-top-corporations-rely-on-exhibitorlive-for-trade-show-and-event-training-300389671.html SOURCE Exhibitor Media Group Related Links http://www.ExhibitorOnline.com Oct 13, 2016, 15:22 ET Preview: EXHIBITORLIVE Conference to Offer 169 Educational Sessions for Trade Show Exhibit and Corporate Event Marketing Professionals My News Release contains wide tables. View fullscreen. Also from this source Oct 13, 2016, 15:22 ETEXHIBITORLIVE Conference to Offer 169 Educational Sessions for... Explore More news releases in similar topics Advertising Banking & Financial Services Trade Show News You just read: America's Top Corporations Rely on EXHIBITORLIVE for Trade Show and Event Training News provided by Exhibitor Media Group Jan 11, 2017, 15:03 ET Share this article Looking to send a news release with PR Newswire? Take advantage of the world's leading distribution platform. Sign up to get started Request more information Have an account? Log In Phone 8AM - 10PM ET +1-888-776-0942 Send a Release Sign Up Blog For Journalists Contact Us Search Searching for your content... Advanced Search Contact 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Chat Online with an Expert Contact Us Solutions Cision Communication Cloud™ For Marketers For Public Relations For IR & Compliance For Agency For Small Business All Products About About PR Newswire About Cision Become a Publishing Partner Become a Channel Partner Careers   Global Sites Asia Brazil Canada Europe Finland France India Israel Mexico Middle East Netherlands Sweden United Kingdom My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Terms of Use Privacy Policy Information Security Policy Statement Site Map RSS Feeds Copyright © 2017 PR Newswire Association LLC. All Rights Reserved. A Cision company. News Solutions Resources News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News dansk Deutsch español Français italiano Nederlands norsk português suomeksi svenska Phone +1-888-776-0942 8AM - 10PM ET Chat Chat Online with an Expert All contact info Send a ReleaseLog In
NJ.com Menu Home News Politics Sports High School Sports Entertainment Photos/Videos Obituaries Autos Jobs Real Estate Rentals Health Classifieds Local Businesses Place An Ad Opinion Follow Us Subscribe Back to Main Menu News News by County All Newspapers Business Crime Education Health Lottery Obituaries Politics Back to Main Menu Atlantic Bergen Burlington Camden Cape May Cumberland Essex Gloucester Hudson Hunterdon Mercer Middlesex Monmouth Morris Ocean Passaic Salem Somerset Sussex Union Warren Back to Main Menu The Star-Ledger The Times of Trenton The Jersey Journal South Jersey Times Hunterdon County Democrat Independent Press Horse News Back to Main Menu Politics Home Chris Christie Opinion The Auditor Back to Main Menu Sports Home Devils Eagles Flyers Giants Jets Knicks Mets Nets Phillies Rangers Red Bulls Rutgers Basketball Rutgers Football Rutgers Sports Seton Hall Sixers Yankees Back to Main Menu Football Wrestling Boys Basketball Girls Basketball Boys Ice Hockey Boys Swimming Girls Swimming Boys Winter Track Girls Winter Track Boys Bowling Girls Bowling Boys Fencing Girls Fencing Girls Ice Hockey Boys Skiing Girls Skiing Off Season Sports Bergen County Back to Main Menu Baseball Boys Cross Country Girls Cross Country Field Hockey Boys Golf Girls Golf Gymnastics Boys Lacrosse Girls Lacrosse Boys Soccer Girls Soccer Softball Boys Tennis Girls Tennis Boys Track and Field Girls Track and Field Girls Volleyball Boys Volleyball Back to Main Menu Entertainment Home Atlantic City Entertainment Celebrities Comics Events Food & Dining Indulge Inside Jersey Movies Music Puzzles Shore TV Back to Main Menu Hunterdon County Democrat Photos Jersey Journal Photos NJ.com Photos South Jersey Times Photos Star-Ledger Photos Times of Trenton Photos Videos Back to Main Menu Homes for Sale New Homes For Rent Foreclosures Commercial Real Estate News Resources Place An Ad Back to Main Menu Home Buying Sell My Home Rental Living Home Ideas Mortgages and Loans I'm Moving Back to Main Menu Obituaries Rentals Pets For Sale Garage Sales Find n Save Fraud Prevention Manage Your Ad Place An Ad Back to Main Menu Find A Business Food & Dining Retail Shopping Health & Medicine Personal Care Entertainment Real Estate Automotive Claim Your Business Back to Main Menu Visit our Facebook Page Follow us on Twitter View our Instagram photos See our Tumblr feed See our Pinterest page Visit us on Google Plus Visit OMJ for NJ celebrity & style Back to Main Menu Email newsletters The Star-Ledger The Times of Trenton The Jersey Journal South Jersey Times Hunterdon County Democrat Star Gazette Back to Main Menu Close Customize Your Weather Set Your Location: Congratulations! Your weather is set to . You can change the location at any time. AccuWeather.com Quick Look Change your current location » View Full Weather Report Search Search Search NJ.com Account Sign In Close Sign in to NJ.com You are signed in as Edit Public Profile Sign Out Subscribe Email newsletters The Star-Ledger The Times of Trenton The Jersey Journal South Jersey Times Hunterdon County Democrat Star Gazette comments N.J. pharmaceutical stocks fall on Trump vow to slash Medicare drug prices Print Email Kathleen O'Brien | NJ Advance Media for NJ.com By Kathleen O'Brien | NJ Advance Media for NJ.com NJ.com Email the author | Follow on Twitter on January 11, 2017 at 1:34 PM, updated January 11, 2017 at 9:24 PM comments A few words from Donald Trump on Wednesday was all it took for pharmaceutical executives to reach for the aspirin. When the president-elect vowed again during a long-awaited press conference to change the way the federal government pays for prescription drugs in the Medicare program, the declaration immediately sent drug company stock prices tumbling. Trump said the government has to create new bidding procedures for the pharmaceutical drug industry "because they're getting away with murder." Merck, Johnson & Johnson, Bristol Myers Squibb and other pharmaceutical companies all saw an immediate reaction to the incoming president's comments. The remarks sent other health care stocks lower as well. The S&P 500 healthcare index .SPXHC, was down about 1 percent. Medicare spends nearly $4 billion on drugs for New Jersey seniors. Under a 2003 law that went into effect during the Bush administration, drug companies are not required to give the government certain discounts that had been commonplace for Medicaid. Instead, each of the private insurance companies that participate in the Medicare marketplace negotiates prices with the drug companies. The are estimates the federal government could save as much as $16 billion annually by negotiating prices directly. That's far below the $300 billion figure touted by Trump when he was a candidate. In New Jersey, nearly every drug on the top 20 list was a brand-name drug, as opposed to the generic substitutes that doctors can prescribe after pharmaceutical patents expire. The drugs ranged from acid reflux and cholesterol medication to psychiatric treatments and controlled substances. In a wide-ranging press conference, Trump said it was his goal to replace Obamacare simultaneously with repealing it. He said he expected that to happen shortly after his nominee for the cabinet post of Secretary of Health and Human Services, Tom Price, is confirmed later this month. The health care platform on which he campaigned did address the issue of drug prices, but made no explicit vow to change the law so Medicare could negotiate prices directly. Instead, he mentioned loosening laws that stand in the way of American patients buying medicines from other countries. His position paper also notes that while drug companies are private, they also provide a public service that has to be considered. It also said in the same section, "Congress will need the courage to step away from the special interests and do what is right for America." Kathleen O'Brien may be reached at kobrien@njadvancemedia.com. Follow her on Twitter @OBrienLedger. Find NJ.com on Facebook.   Get Healthy: Health & Fitness Info for N.J. Flu now rampant throughout all New Jersey 7 N.J. hospitals cited as tops in the nation for safe, quality care Why STDs are up in N.J., a ranking of all 21 counties MORE HEALTH & FITNESS NEWS » Most Read Active Discussions nj.com About Us About NJ.com Advertise with us Contact Us Visit OMJ.com Jobs at NJ Advance Media Newsletters Frequently Asked Questions More on NJ.com Interact Weather Site map Claim your free business listing Sponsor Content Search Place an ad Sell your car Sell/rent your home Post a job Post a free classified ad Apartments & rentals NJ.com Sections N.J. News Local News N.J. Politics Sports High School Sports Entertainment Food & Recipes Living Business Opinion Inside Jersey Shore Obituaries Jobs Autos Real Estate Rentals Classifieds Shopping Good Deals Local Businesses Special Sections Contribute to NJ.com Submit an event Follow Us Twitter Google+ Facebook foursquare Newspaper stories and photos The Star-Ledger | Subscribe The Times of Trenton | Subscribe The Jersey Journal | Subscribe South Jersey Times | Subscribe Hunterdon County Democrat | Subscribe Star Gazette | Subscribe The Warren Reporter Suburban News Horse News Learn more about our newspapers Mobile iPhone, Android apps | Tablet apps Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement and Privacy Policy © 2017 New Jersey On-Line LLC. All rights reserved (About Us). The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of New Jersey On-Line LLC. Community Rules apply to all content you upload or otherwise submit to this site. Ad Choices
Continue to site >> Login My Account Get Alerts TheStreet Alerts Email Newsletters In Case You Missed It Before the Bell Jim Cramer's Daily Booyah Midday Bell Top 10 Winners & Losers Register For Newsletters Action Alerts PLUS Charitable Trust Portfolio Jim Cramer's Best Stocks of 2017 Most Recent Trade Alert 25 Investing Rules 10 Trading Commandments Mad Money Recap Real Money Jim Cramer's Best Stocks of 2017 25 Rules of investing 10 Commandments Stressed Out Stocks Cramer's Blog Investing Much More Cramer Mad Money BizTV Election 2016 ETFs Financial Advisor Center Futures How to Spend Banking Biotech Markets Options Personal Finance Retail Retirement Tech Stock Picks Video Latest News Subscribe SUBSCRIPTION SERVICES Action Alerts PLUS Action Alerts OPTIONS Daily Swing Trade Dividend Stock Advisor Growth Seeker Quant Ratings Real Money Real Money Pro Stocks Under $10 Top Stocks Trifecta Stocks SUBSCRIPTION BUNDLES Portfolio PLUS Real Money Pro Portfolio Chairman's Club FREE TheStreet MainStreet Compare All Subscription Services Real Money What Will GDP Say About Economic Growth? DJIA S&P 500 NASDAQ Markets Today Midday Report: Biotech Stocks Tumble on Trump's Talk; Stocks Fluctuate U.S. stocks fluctuated Wednesday after President-elect Trump targets the biotech industry in his first press conference since July. Keris Alison Lahiff Jan 11, 2017 12:58 PM EST U.S. stocks fluctuated Wednesday after President-elect Donald Trump targeted the biotech industry in his first press conference since July. Lockheed Martin (LMT) also tumbled after he reiterated that he would seek to cut costs in the construction of a new Air Force fleet. Crude oil plummeted before recovering big gains after a weekly reading on U.S. inventories showed an increase nearly four times what analysts had expected. Crude sold off earlier this week on worries over U.S. production. Merck  (MRK) contributed the largest gains to the Dow after one of its cancer treatments gained progress toward going to market. The FDA granted a priority review for Merck's lung cancer treatment. Signet Jewelers  (SIG) fell after reducing its profit and sales target for the critical holiday season. The company says its underperformance was driven by weakness in its Sterling e-commerce business. If you liked this article you might like Nasdaq Posts Another Record Close in Unpredictable Trump-Triggered Trading Session Like President-elect Donald Trump's first press conference since securing victory, Wall Street's trading on Wednesday was unpredictable. Keris Alison Lahiff Jan 11, 2017 4:16 PM EST Stocks Back to Gains in Unsettled Trade After Trump News Conference The Nasdaq falls from records in a volatile session following President-elect Donald Trump's first press conference since winning the election. Keris Alison Lahiff Jan 11, 2017 3:16 PM EST Signet Jewelers Shares Tumble After Holiday Season Sales Drop 5.1% The largest retailer of diamond jewelry shares tumbled Wednesday after the company reported disappointing holiday season sales results. Valerie Young Jan 11, 2017 1:40 PM EST Trending Where to Get the Best Birthday Perks Here's Why Macy's Just Fired a Key Executive That Earned $900,000 a Year Watch Apple Try to Prove its Wacky New Airpods Won't Fall Out of Your Ears Most Outrageous Apple iPhone Cases You Just Have to See to Believe Ringling Brothers Circus Closes as Entertainment Companies Grapple With Animal Rights Questions Advertising Partners Hot Topics Pharma Blue-Chip Cramer on Apple Stocks Under $10 Best High-Yielders Tech Stocks Top Dividend Stocks Home Cramer Banking Biotech Election 2016 ETFs Futures Investing Opinion Personal Finance Retail Tech Video Featured Topics Jim Cramer Mad Money Stock Market Today Dow Jones Today Dividend Stocks Gold Price Silver Prices Copper Prices Oil Prices Sections ©1996-2017 TheStreet, Inc. All rights reserved. Action Alerts PLUS is a registered trademark of TheStreet, Inc. Popular Pages Best Stocks Best Stocks to Buy High Dividend Stocks Stock Market Holidays Earnings Calendar Ex Dividend Date ETF Ratings Mutual Fund Ratings Best Online Brokers Subscriptions Action Alerts PLUS Action Alerts OPTIONS Daily Swing Trade Dividend Stock Advisor Growth Seeker Quant Ratings Real Money Real Money Pro Stocks Under $10 Top Stocks Trifecta Stocks Portfolio PLUS RMP Portfolio Chairman's Club Stay Connected Feedback About Us Write For TheStreet Investor Relations Advertise Reprints Customer Service Employment Privacy Policy Terms of Use Topic Archive Video Sitemap Data Affiliate Press Room ©1996-2017 TheStreet, Inc. All rights reserved. Action Alerts PLUS is a registered trademark of TheStreet, Inc. Compare Brokers
here debug-> :lcxx11655 BiotechInvesting News Your trusted source for investing success Biotech Member? Login Menu Daily News Resource Investing Precious Metals Gold Silver Platinum Palladium Base Metals Copper Nickel Iron Lead Zinc Critical Metals Graphite Tungsten Tantalum Scandium Cobalt Magnesium Manganese Tellurium Rare Earth Industrial Metals Molybendum Coal Tin Aluminum Vanadium Chromium Energy Uranium Oil Gas Oil and Gas Lithium Gem Diamond Agriculture Potash Phosphate Cannabis About Resource Investing Technology Investing 3D Printing Cleantech Cloud Data Cybersecurity Fintech Graphene Mobile Web Nanotech About Technology Investing Life Science Investing Biotech Pharmaceutical Medical Device Genetics About Life Science Investing Free Investor Reports Resource Free Reports Technology Free Reports Life Science Free Reports Stocks Resource Investing Technology Investing Life Science Investing CEO Interviews Biotech Investing Affimed Provides Update on NK-Cell Immuno-Oncology Platform « 5 Small Biotech ETFs for … 5 Top NASDAQ Biotech Stoc… » Investing News Network • January 11, 2017 Add Comment Affimed N.V. (Nasdaq:AFMD), a clinical stage biopharmaceutical company focused on discovering and developing highly targeted cancer immunotherapies, today provided an update on its NK-cell engager platform. “In 2016, we have significantly expanded our activities to optimize the elimination of malignant cells through NK-cell engagement, namely advancing our Phase 1b clinical trial of AFM13 in combination with Merck’s Keytruda and broadening our approach to include the combination of our NK-cell engagers with adoptive transfer of activated NK-cells developed at MD Anderson,” said Adi Hoess, Ph.D., CEO of Affimed.“We further progressed our preclinical NK-cell engager pipeline with our EGFR-targeting solid tumor candidate AFM24 and BCMA-targeting multiple myeloma candidate AFM26,” added Martin Treder, Ph.D., CSO of Affimed. “Due to their high affinity and specificity to CD16A, our molecules offer a novel mechanism of action for NK-cell and macrophage engagement and avoid competition by high IgG serum levels, which currently limits the efficacy of monoclonal antibody-based treatments. In addition, we have gathered important insights into NK-cell biology in various preclinical studies which will allow us to explore further treatment options, for example combining our NK-cell engagers with cytokines such as IL-15 or IL-2.” Leadership position in activating innate and adaptive immunity through engaging NK-cells and macrophages Focusing its efforts on antibodies specifically binding NK-cells through CD16A, a dominant activating receptor on innate immune cells, Affimed has built a clinical and preclinical pipeline of NK-cell-engaging bispecific antibodies (TandAbs®) designed to activate both innate and adaptive immunity. Compared to a variety of T-cell-engaging technologies, Affimed’s NK-cell engagers appear to have a better safety profile and have the potential to achieve more potent and deeper immune responses through enhancing crosstalk of innate to adaptive immunity. Building on its leadership in the NK-cell space, Affimed is also developing tetravalent, bispecific alternative antibody formats (AAFs) for NK-cell engagement offering varying PK/PD profiles relevant to certain diseases. Product candidate AFM13: The most advanced NK-cell engager in clinical development The Company’s lead product candidate, AFM13 targeting CD16A on NK-cells and CD30 on tumor cells, is the most advanced NK-cell engager in the clinic. Its development is focused on combination therapy and supported by The Leukemia & Lymphoma Society (LLS).AFM13 is differentiated from monoclonal antibodies as it displays a 1000-fold higher binding affinity to CD16A, shows very limited competition for NK-cell binding with circulating IgG, as well as higher potency compared to full-length CD30 antibodies. Safety and clinical/pharmacodynamic activity in heavily pretreated Hodgkin lymphoma (HL) patients was established in a Phase 1 study and based on its favorable safety profile and preclinical data, AFM13 is currently under investigation as a combination therapy. NK-cell engagers in combination therapy Combination therapies have demonstrated improved outcomes for cancer patients and are widely pursued to maximize efficacy of immunotherapeutic approaches. Further broadening the therapeutic opportunities for its NK-cell engagers, Affimed is investigating AFM13 in several combination therapies.It is becoming increasingly clear that modulation of immune effectors or the immunosuppressive environment result in higher overall response rates and extended durability of response. In vivo studies in a patient-derived xenograft (PDX) model have shown that combining AFM13 with checkpoint inhibitors leads to synergistic efficacy of AFM13 when combined with anti-PD-1, likely attributable to the combination of both agents inducing crosstalk between innate and adaptive immunity. Consequently, AFM13 is being investigated with Merck’s anti-PD1 antibody Keytruda in a Phase 1b clinical trial.Currently in early clinical development in a number of hematological malignancies, the adoptive transfer of activated NK-cells provides a strong combination rationale with Affimed’s NK-cell platform to better exploit the therapeutic power of NK-cells. For this, the Company has entered into an exclusive strategic clinical development and commercialization collaboration with MD Anderson Cancer Center (MDACC), in which Affimed intends to investigate AFM13 preclinically and clinically in combination with MDACC’s proprietary NK-cell product in HL. Beyond HL, this approach has potential applications in further medically underserved indications such as multiple myeloma or acute myeloid leukemia.Cytokines such as IL-2 or IL-15 boost NK-cell activity and are tested clinically in a variety of cancers. In recent preclinical studies, Affimed demonstrated that AFM13 induced the upregulation of specific interleukin receptors on NK-cells and the subsequent addition of IL-2 or IL-15 had a synergistic effect on AFM13-mediated NK-cell expansion. Hence, the combination of NK-cell engagers with such cytokines may be clinically useful to deepen responses. Ongoing Clinical Studies AFM13 in combination with Merck’s PD-1 inhibitor Keytruda® Get the Latest Biotech Investing Stock Information Get the latest information about companies associated with Biotech Investing delivered directly to your inbox. Biotech Laguna BlendsNaturally Splendid EnterprisesQ BioMedRespireRx PharmaceuticalsSelect All Select None By selecting company or companies above, you are giving consent to receive email from those companies. And remember you can unsubscribe at any time. “The “Trump Bump” is causing biotech stocks are going up, up and up.” For a limited time, download the latest biotech report - For FREE - and get everything you need to know on the biotech industry and on biotech investing. Get My Free Report Click here to download for free Return to the Biotech Investing Index Article Meta Data « 5 Small Biotech ETFs for … 5 Top NASDAQ Biotech Stoc… » Related Posts Biotech Investing in 2017 - Top Biotech Stocks, ETFs and Future Prospects 5 Top NASDAQ Biotech Stocks: Transgenomic Gains 250 Percent 5 Small Biotech ETFs for Investors 5 Top NASDAQ Biotech Stocks: EnteroMedics Takes the Lead 5 Gene Therapy Stocks to Watch in 2017 Tags 2016, affimed, antibody, biopharmaceutical, cancer, CEO, clinical studies, clinical trial, collaboration, data, lead, leukemia, merck, NASDAQ, options, pipeline, product candidate. Comments Leave a Reply Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Email (will not be published) (required) Comment Markets Top Resource News Canadian Marijuana Stocks 12,044 views Trump’s First Press Confere... 1,636 views Gold Hits $1,200 Following Trump&... 1,485 views Ringing in the New Year with a Bu... 1,362 views 5 Top Weekly TSX Stocks: Uranium... 1,301 views Kazakhstan Cuts Uranium Productio... 1,002 views Top Technology News 3D Printing Investing Facts 289 views Investing in Video Games 161 views Yahoo to become Altaba, Marissa M... 152 views Blockchain to Ease Concerns Regar... 150 views Streaming Giants are the Real Win... 149 views American Manganese Inc. Receives... 124 views Top Life Science News 5 Small Biotech ETFs for Investor... 367 views 5 Top NASDAQ Biotech Stocks: Tran... 260 views Trump Sends Pharmaceutical Stocks... 248 views Tetra Bio-Pharma Inc. Enters Into... 204 views Predictive Technology Group, Inc... 75 views What Is Collaborative Care? 75 views Most Popular Stocks Galaxy Resources 458 views The Green Organic Dutchman Holdings 320 views Beleave 267 views Mettrum Health 224 views Danakali Ltd. 218 views Nemaska Lithium 202 views Tweets by @INN_LifeScience Download Free Reports Resource Investing Gold Trends 2016 and Gold Outlook 2017: Key Highlights for Investors Uranium Price Forecasts 2017 and Top Uranium Stocks to Watch Silver Price Forecast 2017 and Silver Stocks To Buy Cobalt 2017 Market Forecast and Cobalt Stocks to Buy Resource Forecast 2016 – Expert Opinions Covering Precious Metals, Energy, Critical Metals, and More Base Metals in 2016: Opinions from Experts and CEO’s Lithium in 2016: Stocks, Prices, Analysts and CEO’s Graphite Investing And Graphite Stocks To Buy “Copper Market Outlook and Copper Companies 2016” Rare Earth Expert Interviews And Rare Earth Stocks To Buy Lithium Forecast & Lithium Stocks To Buy Potash Stocks and Potash News: Agriculture Investing Opportunities Critical Metals Price Forecast And Stocks To Watch Potash Market Report: Prices, Production And Trends Platinum Industry Insights And Top Stocks To Buy Base Metal Prices And Investing Opportunities Tungsten Price, Tungsten Demand and Tungsten Stocks For 2017 Zinc Market Outlook Coal Prices And Market Forecast For 2017 Oil Prices, Market Forecasts And Top Investment Options The Top Palladium ETFs, Bullions And Stocks To Buy Investing in Medical Cannabis – Information about Cannabis and Legal Cannabis Stocks Investing In Diamond Stocks, Diamond Juniors, Colored Diamonds And More “Gold Prices In 2017” Who is Kitco? to US Mint: Sold Out! – Top Articles from Resource Investing News Gold Trends 2016 and Gold Outlook 2017: Key Highlights for Investors Lithium in 2016: Stocks, Prices, Analysts and CEO’s Resource Forecast 2016 – Expert Opinions Covering Precious Metals, Energy, Critical Metals, and More Industrial Metals in 2016: Oversupply in Several Markets, but Not All Base Metals in 2016: Opinions from Experts and CEO’s Energy Investing Outlook: Moving Away from Carbon? Agriculture Investing In 2017: Market Forecast For Phosphate, Potash And More Precious Metals Outlook: CEO’s, Analysts on Gold, Silver, Platinum and Palladium Critical Metals Outlook: The Potential for 2016 Copper Price Forecast, Trends, and Predictions – Understanding Today’s Copper Price From LME Copper to Copper ETFs Who is Kitco? to US Mint: Sold Out! – Top Articles from Resource Investing News Gold Prices 2017 Investing in Lithium Stocks Post Rockwood Lithium Free Lithium Investing Newsletter Free Uranium Investing Newsletter Life Science Investing Medical Device Market Forecast 2017 and Stocks to Buy Life Science and Healthcare Investing in 2017 Genetics Market Outlook 2017: Latest in Genetic Research, Trends and Top Stocks to Buy Pharmaceutical Investing Principles And Pharmaceutical Stocks To Buy 2017 Biotech Investing in 2017 – Top Biotech Stocks, ETFs and Future Prospects Life Science Investing Primer – Finding More Opportunities like Medtronic, Ariad Pharmaceuticals and Pharmacyte. Tech Investing Fintech Investing and Rising Fintech Companies to Watch Understanding Bitcoins: From Bitcoin Mining to the Bitcoin Rate Nanotech Forecast & The Next Great Wave Of Nanotech Stocks To Buy Graphene Trends, Stocks, And Market Forecast: What The Pros Think And Where The Market Is Headed 3D Printing Market Outlook And 3D Printing Stocks To Buy Tech Forecast And Promising Tech Stocks To Buy In 2016 & 2017 Cleantech Market Trends And Cleantech Stocks To Buy Technology Investing in 2016: Trends and Outlooks for Successful Technology Investing Browse Topics Resource Investing Agriculture Investing Cannabis Investing Phosphate Investing Potash Investing Base Metals Investing Copper Investing Iron Investing Lead Investing Nickel Investing Zinc Investing Critical Metals Investing Cobalt Investing Graphite Investing Magnesium Investing Manganese Investing Rare Earth Investing Scandium Investing Tantalum Investing Tellurium Investing Tungsten Investing Energy Investing Gas Investing Lithium Investing Oil and Gas Investing Oil Investing Uranium Investing Gem Investing Diamond Investing Industrial Metals Investing Aluminum Investing Chromium Investing Coal Investing Molybdenum Investing Tin Investing Vanadium Investing Precious Metals Investing Gold Investing Palladium Investing Platinum Investing Silver Investing Tech Investing 3D Printing Investing App Investing Cleantech Investing Cloud Investing Cybersecurity Investing Data Investing Fintech Investing Graphene Investing Mobile Web Investing Nanotech Investing Life Science Investing Biotech Investing Genetics Investing Longevity Investing Medical Device Investing Pharmaceutical Investing Featured Stocks RespireRx Pharmaceuticals Novel Medicines for Respiratory Diseases Laguna Blends Q BioMedView All Featured Stocks   Enter Your Log In Credentials Email Password Remember Me Create New Password No password? Sign up × Privacy & Legal Policy This website is part of the Investing News Network published by Dig Media Inc. Overview Contact Information Information Collected Ad Server Information Use Remarketing Future Use Accessing Your Data Security Your Acceptance of These Terms Overview INN's mission is to be the world's number one source of independent, unbiased news and education helping investors realized their financial goals. We also strive to be internationally respected for our integrity, our people and our commitment to excellence. Therefore, we are very concerned with the privacy rights of our audience and are committed to protecting the information collected about you.We have taken extensive measures to protect the confidentiality of your personal information and to protect your data from misuse and unauthorized access or disclosure. Unfortunately, no data transmission over the Internet can be guaranteed to be 100% secure. As a result, Dig Media cannot ensure or warrant the security of the information you transmit to us and you do so at your own risk. Contact Information Our postal address is L200 - 560 Beatty Street, Vancouver, BC V6B 2L3 We can be reached via e-mail at info@digmediasolutions.com or telephone at +1-604-688-8231 Information Collected For each visitor to our website, our web server automatically recognizes no information regarding the domain or e-mail address. We collect information volunteered by the visitor, such as survey information and/or site registrations, name and address, telephone number. The information we collect is used to notify visitors about updates to our website, shared with other reputable organizations to help them contact visitors for marketing purposes. With respect to cookies: When you visit our websites, we send one or more cookies, a small file containing a string of characters, to your computer that uniquely identifies your browser during your visit. We use these cookies to maintain your connection as you move from page to page, and to ensure anything you submit, such as a comment or a form, is not rejected. You can reset your browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent. However, some website features or services may not function properly without cookies. If you do not want to receive e-mail from us in the future, please let us know by sending us e-mail at the above address. Persons who supply us with their telephone numbers on-line may receive telephone contact from us with information regarding new products and services or upcoming events. If you do not wish to receive such telephone calls, please let us know by sending us e-mail at the above address. Ad Server With respect to Ad Servers: Other third-party companies which place advertising on our site may collect information about you when you view or click on their advertising through the use of their cookies or other tracking technologies, which may include delivering targeted advertisements and marketing messages based upon the third party websites that you visit, or other purposes. We cannot control this collection of information and are not responsible for the privacy policies and data collection, use and disclosure practices of these third party advertisers. You should contact these third party advertisers directly if you have any questions about their use of the information that they collect from you. Google-DoubleClick DFP is our third party ad server. If you would like to know more about their information gathering practices and opt-out procedures, please see Google ad policies. Also, if you would like more information about this practice and to know your choices about not having this information used by these companies, please see NAI Opt-out Options. Information Use We only share personal information with other companies or individuals outside of the cases outlined above in the following limited circumstances: We have your consent. We require opt-in consent for the sharing of any sensitive personal information. We provide such information to our subsidiaries, affiliated companies or other trusted businesses or persons for the purpose of processing personal information on our behalf. We require that these parties agree to process such information based on our instructions and in compliance with this Privacy Policy and any other appropriate confidentiality and security measures. We have a good faith belief that access, use, preservation or disclosure of such information is reasonably necessary to (a) satisfy any applicable law, regulation, legal process or enforceable governmental request, (b) enforce applicable Terms of Service, including investigation of potential violations thereof, (c) detect, prevent, or otherwise address fraud, security or technical issues, or (d) protect against harm to the rights, property or safety of Dig Media, its users or the public as required or permitted by law. We may share with third parties certain pieces of aggregated, non-personal information, such as the number of users who searched for a particular term, for example, or how many users clicked on a particular advertisement. Such information does not identify you individually. Remarketing We may remarket your information. Remarketing is a way for us to connect with users, based upon your past interactions with INN websites. Third-party marketing vendors may be hired by INN to perform remarketing services. As a result, third-party vendors, including Google, may show INN ads on sites on the internet. Third-party vendors, including Google, use cookies to serve ads based on a user's prior visits to INN websites. To opt out of customized Google Display Network ads click here. To find out more about how Google uses any data it collects please visit http://www.google.com/privacy_ads.html. Any information collected is used only for remarketing purposes and will not be used by them for any other purpose. Future Use From time to time, we may use visitor information for new, unanticipated uses not previously disclosed in our privacy notice. If our information practices change at some time in the future we will post the policy changes to our website to notify you of these changes and provide you with the ability to opt out of these new uses. If you are concerned about how your information is used, you should check back at our website periodically. Accessing Your Data Please contact us at the address above for any additional questions about the management or use of personal data. Upon request we provide site visitors with access to communications that the visitor has directed to our site (e.g., e-mails, customer inquiries), contact information (e.g., name, address, phone number) that we maintain about them. Visitors can access this information by e-mailing us at the above address. Upon request we offer visitors the ability to have inaccuracies corrected in contact information. Visitors can have this information corrected by sending us e-mail at the above address. Security With respect to security: We have appropriate security measures in place in our physical facilities to protect against the loss, misuse or alteration of information that we have collected from you at our site. Your Acceptance of These Terms By using this site, or by submitting personal information to us, you signify your agreement to Dig Media's Privacy Policy and Terms of Use. From time to time we may change or update our piracy policies. It is your responsibility to check back regularly to inform yourself of such changes. Your continued use of this or any Dig Media website following the posting of changes to these terms will be deemed as your acceptance of those changes. The foregoing policies are in effect as of August 1, 2012. Dig media reserves the right to change this policy statement at any time by posting the revised policy to this website. This statement and the policies outlined herein are not intended to and do not create any contractual or other legal rights in or on behalf of any party. If you feel that this site is not following its stated information policy, you may contact us at the above addresses or phone number. × Manage Account About Us Contact Us Privacy Policy Stocks Author Index Keyword Index Browse Topics Advertise Free Reports Events Glossary Press Releases Copyright 2017 © Dig Media Inc. Investing News Network Daily News Resource Investing Precious Metals Gold Silver Platinum Palladium Back Base Metals Copper Nickel Iron Lead Zinc Back Critical Metals Graphite Tungsten Tantalum Scandium Cobalt Magnesium Manganese Tellurium Rare Earth Back Industrial Metals Molybendum Coal Tin Aluminum Vanadium Chromium Back Energy Uranium Oil Gas Oil and Gas Lithium Back Gem Diamond Back Agriculture Potash Phosphate Cannabis Back About Resource Investing Back Technology Investing 3D Printing Cleantech Cloud Data Back Cybersecurity Fintech Graphene Mobile Web Nanotech About Technology Investing Back Life Science Investing Biotech Pharmaceutical Medical Device Genetics About Life Science Investing Back Free Investor Reports Resource Free Reports Technology Free Reports Life Science Free Reports Back Stocks Resource Investing Technology Investing Life Science Investing CEO Interviews Back
× We hope you have enjoyed your complimentary access for the month. Already a subscriber? Click on the button below to set up your account or log in if you already have one. Want to become a subscriber? Purchase a digital-only subscription now for unlimited online access to local news and information. Digital-only Access Unlimited Access to: lacrossetribune.com mobile web and mobile apps e-replica edition of printed newspaper Digital-only access only $12.00/mo Current Subscriber? Set up your account Log In Current Subscriber? Set up Account You are the owner of this article. Edit Article Add New Article Sign Up Log In Dashboard Logout My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout Subscribe Customer Service Sections News Nation/world Wisconsin Minnesota Iowa Business Sports Area high schools Area colleges La Crosse Loggers Auto racing Badgers Outdoors Scoreboard Weather Opinion Letters to the editor Submit a letter Obituaries Calendar of events Entertainment Puzzles & Games Dining Lifestyles Advice Health Home & garden Food Travel Celebrations Submit a Celebration Anniversaries Births Birthdays Congratulations Engagements Misc Thank You Weddings River Valley Media Group Onalaska Holmen Courier-Life Coulee News Houston County News Vernon County Broadcaster Westby Times Tomah Journal Jackson County Chronicle Winona Daily News Chippewa Herald Dunn County News Buy & Sell Business Directory Car Soup Real estate Jobs Classifieds Place an Ad Weekly Ads e-Edition Activate your subscription Jobs Contact Us Toggle navigation Menu Search Search Log In Using Your Account Log In Don't have an account? Sign Up Today My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout 26° La Crosse, WI (54601) Today A mix of frozen precipation late. Tonight Mostly cloudy with periods of light freezing rain after midnight. Low 19F. Winds light and variable. Chance of precip 40%. Updated: January 15, 2017 @ 7:15 pm Full Forecast News Sports Obituaries Opinion Buy & Sell Close Mark Lennihan FILE - This July 16, 2013, file photo, shows a Wall Street street sign outside the New York Stock Exchange. The major U.S. stock indexes edged higher in early trading Wednesday, Jan. 11, 2017, as investors looked ahead to the start of corporate earnings reports later in the week. Energy stocks led the gainers as crude oil prices headed higher, while phone and real estate stocks lagged the most. (AP Photo/Mark Lennihan, File) AP Asian shares mixed after Trump offers scant policy details By EILEEN NG Associated Press Updated Jan 11, 2017 0 Mark Lennihan FILE - This July 16, 2013, file photo, shows a Wall Street street sign outside the New York Stock Exchange. The major U.S. stock indexes edged higher in early trading Wednesday, Jan. 11, 2017, as investors looked ahead to the start of corporate earnings reports later in the week. Energy stocks led the gainers as crude oil prices headed higher, while phone and real estate stocks lagged the most. (AP Photo/Mark Lennihan, File) KUALA LUMPUR, Malaysia (AP) — Asian shares were mixed Thursday following President-elect Donald Trump's press conference. Trump offered scant details on policies, disappointing investors hoping for a clearer sense of his plans for trade and economic stimulus. KEEPING SCORE: Japan's benchmark Nikkei 225 shed 0.9 percent to 19,192.76. Hong Kong's Hang Seng dipped 0.1 percent to 22,916.85, and the Shanghai Composite was also down 0.1 percent at 3,133.80. Australia's S&P/ASX 200 added 0.2 percent to 5,784.40 and South Korea's Kospi gained 0.3 percent at 2,080.39. Shares in Southeast Asia were mostly higher. WALL STREET: The Nasdaq hit a fifth record-high close in a row, gaining 11.83 points, or 0.2 percent, to 5,563.65. The Dow Jones industrial average rose 98.75 points, or 0.5 percent, to 19,954.28. The S&P 500 index added 6.42 points, or 0.3 percent, to 2,275.32. TRUMP NEWS: Trump's first news conference in nearly six months was an anti-climax, with scant details on his plans for infrastructure spending and tax reforms. Trump attacked U.S. intelligence services and big pharmaceutical companies, instead of outlining his platform. His comment that the government should change bidding procedures for the pharmaceutical industry "because they're getting away with murder," drove health care stocks lower THE QUOTE: "It is what he didn't mention - fiscal stimulus — that worries market participants. The U.S. dollar rally was based on the assumption that Trump's administration will push through a massive infrastructure building and fiscal stimulus package, which will lead to higher inflation in the future," said Margaret Yang Yan, market analyst with CMC Markets in Singapore. "The slump in the U.S. dollar index last night indicated that assumption is now unwinding because the president-elect never even mentioned that key word 'stimulus'." ENERGY: Benchmark crude oil dipped 8 cents to $52.17 a barrel. It rose $1.43, or 2.8 percent, to close at $52.25 a barrel in New York on Wednesday. Brent crude, which is used to price oil sold internationally, fell 2 cents to $55.08. CURRENCIES: The dollar fell to 114.74 yen from 115.43 on Wednesday. The euro rose to $1.0603 from $1.0576. Get breaking news sent instantly to your inbox Sign Up! LaCrosseTribune.com Breaking News Obituaries I understand and agree that registration on or use of this site consitutes agreement to its user agreement and privacy policy. Tags Wire Business General News Currency Markets Oil And Gas Industry Debt And Bond Markets Financial Markets Leading Economic Indicators Economy Corporate Stock Corporate News Stock Markets Energy Industry Commodity Markets Pharmaceutical Manufacturing Health Care Reform Health Care Industry Financial Performance Political Issues Government And Politics Health Care Policy Government Policy Economic Policy Government Business And Finance × Post a comment Emoticons [smile] [beam] [wink] [sad] [cool] [innocent] [rolleyes] [whistling] [lol] [huh] [tongue] [love] [sleeping] [yawn] [unsure] [angry] [blink] [crying] [ohmy] [scared] [sleep] [sneaky] [tongue_smile] [thumbdown] [thumbup] [censored] [happybirthday] [ban] [spam] [offtopic] [batman] [ninja] [pirate] [alien] Comment Text Cancel Post comment × Report Cancel Report Abuse × Watch this discussion. Stop watching this discussion. Get an email notification whenever someone contributes to the discussion Notifications from this discussion will be disabled. Cancel Start watching Stop watching View (0) comments (0) comments Welcome to the discussion. Log In Keep it Clean. Please avoid obscene, vulgar, lewd, racist or sexually-oriented language. PLEASE TURN OFF YOUR CAPS LOCK. Don't Threaten. Threats of harming another person will not be tolerated. Be Truthful. Don't knowingly lie about anyone or anything. Be Nice. No racism, sexism or any sort of -ism that is degrading to another person. Be Proactive. Use the 'Report' link on each comment to let us know of abusive posts. Share with Us. We'd love to hear eyewitness accounts, the history behind an article. Post a comment Watch this discussion. Stop watching this discussion. loading... POPULAR IN THIS SECTION APNewsBreak: Ringling Bros. circus to close after 146 years US midsection grapples with pesky ice storm; more on way More freezing rain hits portion of central US Rock slide closes 2 miles of Zion National Park scenic drive Immigrant groups to rally against Trump's planned crackdown Business Directory Latest Local Offers Winona Leasing & Sales In search of a rental service for your moving, hauling or recreational needs? Come to Winona Leasing today! Visit us at 1777 W. Service Drive, Winona, MN or call us at (507)-454-3671! Updated Jan 9, 2017 Rod's Ride On Powersports Did you know Rod's Ride On Powersports has a bargain section for parts and accessories? Click here to learn more! 608-788-4514 Updated Jan 11, 2017 ≫ today's question Which month is your favorite? You voted: January February March April May June July August September October November December Vote View Results Back ≫ things to do Jan 15 Omelette breakfast Sun, Jan 15, 2017 @ 8:00 am Jan 15 Faith-based sexuality class Sun, Jan 15, 2017 @ 10:00 am Jan 15 Simple Roots with Pigtown Fling String Band Sun, Jan 15, 2017 @ 12:30 pm Jan 15 Women of the Moose bingo Sun, Jan 15, 2017 @ 1:00 pm Jan 15 Bingo Sun, Jan 15, 2017 @ 3:00 pm Jan 15 Bingo Sun, Jan 15, 2017 @ 2:00 pm Click here for more events Submit your event More Jobs Top Jobs Job Board 30517695.pdf 30521183.pdf Bulletin Local Business Search local business directory I'm looking for: Located near: Hint: Enter a keyword that you are looking for like tires, pizza or doctors or browse the full business directory. View local offers Local Businesses La Crescent Insurance 205 N Chestnut St Suite 101, La Crescent, WI 55947 St Charles Assisted Living In 402 W 4th St, St Charles, MN 55972 Freighthouse Restaurant 107 Vine Street, La Crosse, WI 54601 151 Hair Company 151 Sand Lake Rd, Onalaska, WI 54650 Currents Football NFL Divisional Round: Predicting each matchup +40 Election 2016 Live Photos: Melania Trump through the years Election 2016 Live QUIZ: How well do you know Donald Trump? Today's Birthdays, Jan. 13: Rip Taylor Today In History, Jan. 13: Costa Concordia Today’s top pics: Europe in deep freeze and more Your daily 6: New homes for Don Draper ... and the San Diego Chargers DeMar DeRozan scores 23 points, Raptors rout Knicks 116-101 Curry, Warriors ready for another Cavs rematch Seahawks go into offseason dejected at another missed chance Bazemore, Dunleavy pick up offense, Hawks beat Bucks TODAY'S TOP VIDEO Video: Officials spell out inauguration security plans Video: Oregon zoo animals frolic in the snow Video: Study finds lower mortality risk for ‘weekend warriors’ Video: Ruby seadragon filmed for the first time News and Features Obituaries Business Entertainment Lifestyles News Opinion Sports River Valley Business Report Online Features Buy & Sell Advertise with Us Buy & Sell Car Soup Real estate Jobs Classifieds Celebrations Shop Local Businesses River Valley Media Group La Crosse Tribune Onalaska Holmen Courier-Life Coulee News Houston County News Vernon County Broadcaster Westby Times Tomah Journal Jackson County Chronicle Winona Daily News Chippewa Herald Dunn County News Print and digital advertising © Copyright 2017 La Crosse Tribune, 401 N. Third Street La Crosse, WI | Terms of Use | Privacy Policy Advertise with Us www.RVMG.biz
Close Asian shares mixed after Trump offers scant policy details - Brownsville Herald: Business Subscribe Herald Alerts | Online Edition | Subscribe Welcome to the site! Login or Signup below. Login|Signup Login|My Dashboard|Register Logout|My Dashboard 72° Clear Brownsville Herald News Local Valley Texas US & World Business Education SpaceX LNG in the RGV Elections Weather Entertainment El Extra App for Android and iOS The Latest This day in Brownsville's history On Jan. 15, 1930, the top stories in The Brownsville Herald included: Posted: January 15 rss Texas News Clutch Rodgers leads Packers past rallying Cowboys, 34-31 Central US Ice storm falls short of dire forecasts The Latest: Catch by Cook sets up winning kick for Packers Man on FBI's 10 most-wanted list arrested in Texas Dallas police: 2 in custody after bullets hit officers' car Utah State Prison bans just 2 books, both on manipulation Sports H.S. Football H.S. Baseball H.S. Basketball H.S. Soccer H.S. Track H.S. Volleyball H.S. Sports Local Sports National Sports RGVSports.com South Texas Outdoors UTRGV Athletic Survey The Latest Clutch Rodgers leads Packers past rallying Cowboys, 34-31 AP New! ARLINGTON, Texas (AP) — This time it was a catch, and another win for the Green Bay Packers. Updated: 7:45 pm General News, Sports, Nfl Playoffs More From The Latest The Latest: Catch by Cook sets up winning kick for Packers The Latest: Destanee makes history at Australian Open Curry, Warriors ready for another Cavs rematch Justices to hear free speech clash over offensive trademarks Obituaries Life Tu Salud Autism Contests Puzzles Comics Kingdom Texas Lottery Community Community Calendar Business Directory Church Directory Health Directory NIE Opinion Letters to the Editor Editorials Customer Service Subscribe MyBrownsvilleHerald.com Activate Account Start/Stop Delivery Pay Your Bill Complaints Contact Us About Us Home Delivery Legal Notices Classifieds Jobs Autos Homes Service Directory RGV Alerts Careers Don't Miss: MyBrownsvilleHerald.com Community Calendar Celebrating the Port of Brownsville Home News Business Asian shares mixed after Trump offers scant policy details Story Comments Print Create a hardcopy of this page Font Size: Default font size Larger font size Previous Next Mark Lennihan Asian shares mixed after Trump offers scant policy details FILE - This July 16, 2013, file photo, shows a Wall Street street sign outside the New York Stock Exchange. The major U.S. stock indexes edged higher in early trading Wednesday, Jan. 11, 2017, as investors looked ahead to the start of corporate earnings reports later in the week. Energy stocks led the gainers as crude oil prices headed higher, while phone and real estate stocks lagged the most. (AP Photo/Mark Lennihan, File) Posted: Wednesday, January 11, 2017 8:59 pm | Updated: 9:16 pm, Wed Jan 11, 2017. Asian shares mixed after Trump offers scant policy details Associated Press | KUALA LUMPUR, Malaysia (AP) — Asian shares were mixed Thursday following President-elect Donald Trump's press conference. Trump offered scant details on policies, disappointing investors hoping for a clearer sense of his plans for trade and economic stimulus. KEEPING SCORE: Japan's benchmark Nikkei 225 shed 0.9 percent to 19,192.76. Hong Kong's Hang Seng dipped 0.1 percent to 22,916.85, and the Shanghai Composite was also down 0.1 percent at 3,133.80. Australia's S&P/ASX 200 added 0.2 percent to 5,784.40 and South Korea's Kospi gained 0.3 percent at 2,080.39. Shares in Southeast Asia were mostly higher. WALL STREET: The Nasdaq hit a fifth record-high close in a row, gaining 11.83 points, or 0.2 percent, to 5,563.65. The Dow Jones industrial average rose 98.75 points, or 0.5 percent, to 19,954.28. The S&P 500 index added 6.42 points, or 0.3 percent, to 2,275.32. TRUMP NEWS: Trump's first news conference in nearly six months was an anti-climax, with scant details on his plans for infrastructure spending and tax reforms. Trump attacked U.S. intelligence services and big pharmaceutical companies, instead of outlining his platform. His comment that the government should change bidding procedures for the pharmaceutical industry "because they're getting away with murder," drove health care stocks lower THE QUOTE: "It is what he didn't mention - fiscal stimulus — that worries market participants. The U.S. dollar rally was based on the assumption that Trump's administration will push through a massive infrastructure building and fiscal stimulus package, which will lead to higher inflation in the future," said Margaret Yang Yan, market analyst with CMC Markets in Singapore. "The slump in the U.S. dollar index last night indicated that assumption is now unwinding because the president-elect never even mentioned that key word 'stimulus'." ENERGY: Benchmark crude oil dipped 8 cents to $52.17 a barrel. It rose $1.43, or 2.8 percent, to close at $52.25 a barrel in New York on Wednesday. Brent crude, which is used to price oil sold internationally, fell 2 cents to $55.08. CURRENCIES: The dollar fell to 114.74 yen from 115.43 on Wednesday. The euro rose to $1.0603 from $1.0576. © 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed. More about Business Justices to hear free speech clash over offensive trademarks Justices to hear free speech clash over offensive trademarks ARTICLE: Justices to hear free speech clash over offensive trademarks Thousands rally to resist Republican health law repeal drive Thousands rally to resist Republican health law repeal drive More about General News The Latest: Catch by Cook sets up winning kick for Packers The Latest: Catch by Cook sets up winning kick for Packers The Latest: Catch by Cook sets up winning kick for Packers The Latest: Catch by Cook sets up winning kick for Packers The Latest: Catch by Cook sets up winning kick for Packers More about Currency Markets US stock indexes end mostly higher on solid bank earnings ARTICLE: US stock indexes end mostly higher on solid bank earnings Asian stocks mixed after China data Asian stocks mixed after China data Asian stocks mixed after China data Discuss Print Posted in Business on Wednesday, January 11, 2017 8:59 pm. Updated: 9:16 pm. | Tags: Business, General News, Currency Markets, Oil And Gas Industry, Debt And Bond Markets, Financial Markets, Leading Economic Indicators, Economy, Corporate Stock, Corporate News, Stock Markets, Energy Industry, Commodity Markets, Pharmaceutical Manufacturing, Health Care Reform, Health Care Industry, Financial Performance, Political Issues, Government And Politics, Health Care Policy, Government Policy, Economic Policy, Government Business And Finance | Location Tags: United States, North America, Malaysia, Southeast Asia, East Asia, Asia Custom Search Site Web Follow us on Facebook Today's Edition tab 0 tab 1 Calendar today's events browse submit Online Features Real Estate Where there is a will - and more - th... Brandpoint (BPT) 4 statement pieces to elevate your ba... Brandpoint (BPT) Beyond the front door: The benefits o... Brandpoint (BPT) New neutrals dominate the color trend... Brandpoint (BPT) Bathroom renovations even the pickies... Brandpoint (BPT) 4 tips to help keep your home warm, c... Brandpoint (BPT) DIY projects to increase the resale v... Brandpoint (BPT) How to get the most out of your lawn ... Brandpoint (BPT) 3 reasons why winter is a smart time ... Brandpoint (BPT) 6 holiday-friendly home design features Brandpoint (BPT) Pet Central Having a pet is a lot of responsibility, and we’ll help by giving you lots of tips and tricks! More >> Fitness Our fitness articles will help teach you how to work out with gym- and home-based exercises. More >> Crosswords Enjoy the crosswords challenge in our free daily puzzles, from the harder Sunday crossword to the quicker daily. More >> Sudoku Every Sudoku has a unique solution that can be reached logically. Enter numbers into the blank spaces so that each row, column and 3x3 box contains the numbers 1 to 9. More >> tab 0 tab 1 tab 2 Homes Edinburg & Pharr TH style apt. 2 & 3/2 appl/ Updated: 5:00 am 26'x65' MFG home in 55 + park. 3 bedrooms $48,000 Updated: 5:00 am Church for lease, 4100 sf, Central Blvd, $2900.00/mo. 956-346-0588 $2,900 Updated: 5:00 am More Homes Cars 2006 Holiday Rambler Savoy 5th Wheel. 28'-1 slide. Tropical Trail $6,000 Updated: January 11 2005 Class C Winnebago Minnie/Winnie RV, 2 pullouts, 29.5', 47K $36 Updated: 5:00 am 2007 Honda VTX 1300, pearl white, new tires, new battery $3,800 Updated: 5:00 am More Cars Calendar today's events browse submit Friends2Follow Follow us on Twitter Tweets from https://twitter.com/BrownsvilleNews/herald-newsroom Today's Edition Online Features Online Features Real Estate Where there is a will - and more - th... Brandpoint (BPT) 4 statement pieces to elevate your ba... Brandpoint (BPT) Beyond the front door: The benefits o... Brandpoint (BPT) New neutrals dominate the color trend... Brandpoint (BPT) Bathroom renovations even the pickies... Brandpoint (BPT) 4 tips to help keep your home warm, c... Brandpoint (BPT) DIY projects to increase the resale v... Brandpoint (BPT) How to get the most out of your lawn ... Brandpoint (BPT) 3 reasons why winter is a smart time ... Brandpoint (BPT) 6 holiday-friendly home design features Brandpoint (BPT) Pet Central Having a pet is a lot of responsibility, and we’ll help by giving you lots of tips and tricks! More >> Fitness Our fitness articles will help teach you how to work out with gym- and home-based exercises. More >> Crosswords Enjoy the crosswords challenge in our free daily puzzles, from the harder Sunday crossword to the quicker daily. More >> Sudoku Every Sudoku has a unique solution that can be reached logically. Enter numbers into the blank spaces so that each row, column and 3x3 box contains the numbers 1 to 9. More >> Ads by Google Site Web Custom Search Advertising Advertising Place an Ad Co-op Advertising Commercial Print National Advertising Archives Archives Story Archives Obituaries Archives Subscriber Services Subscriber Services Subscribe Services Online Services Online Services RSS Feeds WebSites WebSites ElNuevoHeraldo.com RGVSports.com Copyright © 2016 The contents of this website may not be reproduced without written permission from The Brownsville Herald. All rights reserved. 1135 E. Van Buren St, Brownsville, TX 78520 | (956) 542-4301 Careers | Autos | Homes | Jobs | Classifieds AIM Media TX LLC © Copyright 2017, Brownsville Herald, Brownsville, TX. Powered by BLOX Content Management System from TownNews.com. [Terms of Use | Privacy Policy] Screen Name or Email Password Forgot? Login Screen Name or Email Now I remember! Need an account? Create one now.
e-Edition Obituaries Special Sections Special Occasions Subscribe Paywall Login Login to Comment Register January 15th, 2017 Menu Home News Sports Business Entertainment Classifieds Life Commentary Contact Local News Provincial News National News World News US stock indexes edge higher in early trading; oil rising Poll Do you agree with the Supreme Court decision that Alberta’s energy regulator has immunity from being sued? Yes No View Results  Loading ... Follow @LethHerald on twitter By Alex Veiga, The Associated Press on January 11, 2017. The major U.S. stock indexes edged higher in early trading Wednesday as investors looked ahead to the start of corporate earnings reports later this week. Energy stocks led the gainers as crude oil prices headed higher, while phone and real estate stocks lagged the most. KEEPING SCORE: The Dow Jones industrial average rose 68 points, or 0.4 per cent, to 19,924 as of 10:09 a.m. Eastern Time. The Standard & Poor’s 500 index gained 3 points, or 0.1 per cent, to 2,271. The Nasdaq composite index rose less than 1 point to 5,552. The Nasdaq has closed at a record high the past four days in a row. EARNINGS SEASON: Big U.S. companies start reporting fourth-quarter earnings this week. On Friday JPMorgan Chase, Wells Fargo and Bank of America release their results. FASTER IS BETTER: Drugmaker Merck rose 4.7 per cent on news that the Food and Drug Administration will do a quick review of one of the company’s drugs for its potential to treat a type of lung cancer. The stock added $2.84 at $62.77. HEALTHY OUTLOOK: Intuitive Surgical gained 3.3 per cent after the robotic surgical systems maker delivered a strong fourth-quarter sales forecast. The stock rose $22.02 to $684.22. SALES SLUMP: Signet Jewelers slid 4.2 per cent after the company cut its profit forecast for the fourth quarter and current fiscal year. Signet said its total sales fell 5 per cent over the holidays, citing technical problems at its e-commerce business. The stock fell $3.71 to $83.75. DISAPPOINTING FORECAST: Auto parts supplier BorgWarner was down 1.6 per cent after it issued a profit and sales forecast that fell short of what Wall Street was anticipating. The stock shed 65 cents to $40.12. TRUMP FACTOR: Investors are awaiting President-elect Donald Trump’s first news conference in nearly six months, as questions fly over Russia’s role in the election year hacking of Democratic groups. Investors were awaiting news on Trump’s plan to disengage from his businesses and on his policy positions on international trade. MARKETS OVERSEAS: Germany’s DAX was up 0.6 per cent, while France’s CAC 40 was 0.3 per cent higher. Britain’s FTSE 100 was up 0.5 per cent. In Asia, a strong earnings forecast from Samsung Electronics helped drive gains on the South Korean stock market, where the Kospi added 1.5 per cent and hit its highest close in over a year. Japan’s benchmark Nikkei 225 rose 0.3 per cent. Australia’s S&P/ASX 200 added 0.2 per cent. Hong Kong’s Hang Seng gained 0.8 per cent. ENERGY: Benchmark U.S. crude was up 44 cents at $51.26 a barrel in New York, having lost $1.14 the day before. Brent crude, which is used to price oil sold internationally, was up 69 cents at $54.33 in London. BONDS: Bond prices were little changed. The yield on the 10-year Treasury note held at 2.38 per cent. CURRENCIES: The dollar rose to 116.38 yen from 115.73 yen late Tuesday. The euro fell to $1.0491 from $1.0560. The pound continued to weaken amid concern that Britain might break off completely from the European Union’s single market. The currency was trading at $1.2117 down, from $1.2163 the day before. 000000 000000 Leave a Reply Click here to cancel reply. You must be logged in to post a comment. More ways to get to us Facebook Twitter YouTube ePaper Login Subscribe Subscription Services Archive About Us The Lethbridge Herald Other Publications Food For Thought Contact Careers Contact the Lethbridge Herald 504 - 7th Street South Lethbridge, AB T1J 3Z7 [P] (403) 328-4411 [F] (403)328-4536 Print Advertising: (403) 328-4410 National Advertising: (403) 380-7585 Online Advertising: (403) 380-7585 Classifieds: (403) 328-4433 © 1996-2017 The Lethbridge Herald, A Division of Continental Newspapers Canada Ltd. Advertising Terms and Conditions & Privacy Policy
  Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Wires Home My Profile Logout Login Feedback DailyMail NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad US STOCKS-Wall St slightly higher moments ahead of Trump speech By Reuters Published: 11:11 EST, 11 January 2017 | Updated: 11:11 EST, 11 January 2017 e-mail By Yashaswini Swamynathan Jan 11 (Reuters) - The Dow got a healthy boost from Merck on Wednesday, while the S&P 500 and the Nasdaq inched higher moments before President-elect Donald Trump's first formal news conference got underway. Investors will closely watch Trump's speech, looking for clues on where his priorities as the new president lie, after taking office on Jan. 20 and how he plans boost economic growth. Trump's election in November sparked a record-setting rally. But, investors now want evidence on if and how he keeps his campaign-trail promises of stimulating the economy though increased public spending, tax cuts and repatriating U.S. companies' funds from overseas. The dollar, which has also basked in Trump's victory, rose to 102.79. However, concerns over some of his protectionist statements have kept investors wary. "I worry that it is going to be more about the distractions that he will address as opposed to the pro-growth policies and that is going to be the important factor for investors," said Mark Heppenstall, chief investment officer of Penn Mutual Asset Management. Oil prices also helped keep the equity market afloat, rising for the first time in three days after Saudi Arabia provided details of a February supply cut to some of its Asian customers. Investors are also looking out to the corporate earnings season, which kicks off with big banks on Friday, to judge if financial results can support the lofty valuations Wall Street is trading at. S&P 500 companies' earnings are estimated to have risen 5.8 percent in the fourth quarter, the best in three years, largely helped by financials stocks, according to Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S. At 11:05 a.m. ET (1605 GMT), the Dow Jones Industrial Average was up 92.26 points, or 0.46 percent, at 19,947.79, the S&P 500 was up 3.65 points, or 0.16 percent, at 2,272.55 and the Nasdaq Composite was up 6.09 points, or 0.11 percent, at 5,557.90. Seven of the 11 major S&P sectors were higher, with the healthcare sector's 0.23 percent rise the biggest boost. The sector is set for its seventh straight day of gains. Merck surged 5 percent to $62.91 after the FDA agreed to a speedy review of the company's application to combine immunotherapy with other drugs to treat lung cancer. The stock gave the biggest push to the S&P and the Dow. AstraZeneca and Bristol-Myers, which are also developing similar therapies, dropped 1.3 percent and 2.7percent, respectively. Rite Aid rose 3.8 percent to $8.64 after the NY Post reported that the drugstore operator's deal to be acquired by Walgreens would be approved this month. Walgreens rose 2.6 percent. Advancing issues outnumbered decliners on the NYSE by 1,565 to 1,212. On the Nasdaq, 1,324 issues fell and 1,285 advanced. The S&P 500 index showed 12 new 52-week highs and two new lows, while the Nasdaq recorded 59 new highs and eight new lows. (Reporting by Yashaswini Swamynathan in Bengaluru; Editing by Savio D'Souza) Share or comment on this article e-mail Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article. Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail     DON'T MISS 'It's a huge shock': Binky Felstead reveals she is expecting her first baby with on/off co-star Josh Patterson... but they're 'still not officially together' PICTURE EXCLUSIVE Kourtney Kardashian, 37, wears a sheer bra for late-night rendezvous with former flame Justin Bieber, 22 'I was on the verge of a breakdown' : Olly Murs' mother reveals her heartache that son Ben has disowned the family over X Factor row Katy Perry debuts dramatic blonde dye-job as she surprise Orlando Bloom with a secret 40th birthday bash in Palm Springs Scarlet siren! Myleene Klass flaunts her enviably toned figure in skimpy red bikini as she goes body-boarding during exotic family getaway in Sri Lanka 'He's so proud of her': Danniella Westbrook set to appear on Loose Women with son Kai as she continues comeback following cocaine relapse Lewis Hamilton turns heads in bright yellow hoodie while arriving at LAX... as 'Valtteri Bottas' switch from Williams to Mercedes is set to be clarified' Paris Hilton flaunts her slender waist and endless legs in gold-embroidered LBD as she attends Milan Men's Fashion Week  'Show us the chopper!': Chloe Ferry demands Jamie O'Hara flashes his manhood... as Kim Woodburn and James Cosmo blast her 'gross' behaviour 'I'm gutted with myself!': CBB's James Jordan apologises to Jamie O'Hara after 'mugging him off' by calling him a 'washed-up footballer' Blac Chyna only has eyes for Rob Kardashian as the couple pack on the PDA for a flight to NYC The pair looked besotted at JFK airport Sunday 'We didn't go out of our way to keep it secret': Katherine Kelly reveals she has given birth to a second child called Rose after keeping pregnancy under wraps Baby and me! Olivia Wilde snuggles her newborn protectively as she enjoys a brisk walk in frosty Brooklyn Daisy in tow for the Sunday stroll Elizabeth Hurley, 51, looks incredibly youthful in blue midi dress with cross-shoulder detail as she attends Milan Men's Fashion Week Have Ellen DeGeneres and wife Portia de Rossi found an Australian home? Talk show host and actress request an inspection of $5.8 million Victoria mansion  'I can't work out whether it's amazing, genius or the worst episode I've seen!': Sherlock fans go wild over 'gory' series finale  New John le Carre spy drama for TV: BBC to follow up success of The Night Manager with adaptation of The Spy Who Came In From The Cold  'I have literally nothing to hide': Fitspo star Kayla Itsines opens up about the benefits of her drink and drug-free lifestyle as she poses for stunning shoot in Vogue Australia Josie Gibson winces as she suffers a nasty fall during training for The Jump in Austria... as Eddie 'The Eagle' Edwards is 'AXED from disaster-prone show for voicing safety concerns 'I still have a hangover!' Rebecca Judd complains about her 'rough day' after partying at the Portsea Polo as she laments about returning to work  'You're a fat slob!': CBB's Kim Woodburn and James Jordan become embroiled in a furious row with the cleaner claiming 'no one can stomach him'  Married at last? Sonia Kruger, 51 sparks speculation she has wed long-term partner Craig McPherson after stepping out while sporting a ring on THAT finger Wet 'n' wild! Alessandra Ambrosio displays her flawless physique in very tiny black bikini as she enjoys a dip in the sea in Brazil PICTURE EXCLUSIVE Kristin Cavallari relaxes in a bikini as she hires a yacht to celebrate Jay Cutler's 30th With their three young children Getting pizza all over her frock, 'shooing away' a cocktail waitress and interrupting interviews: Nicole Kidman's 'bizarre behaviour' at the Golden Globes revealed One piece wonder! Kelly Bensimon, 49, flaunts her figure in sexy black one piece with hip side cutouts Proved you don't need a bikini to look sexy Tamara Ecclestone shares cute pictures of her daughter Sophia, 2, showing off her skiing skills before enjoying a pony ride in Gstaad Enjoying Switzerland Making a stellar appearance! Nicole Richie snuggles up in star-spangled unicorn onesie at pyjama party Held hands with rocker husband, Joel Madden Dressed down Kylie Jenner giggles as she enjoys a night out at a burger joint with boyfriend Tyga She's notan expensive date. A royal faux pas? The Crown's Matt Smith spotted smoking 'suspicious looking cigarette' outside a London pub while on a night out with pals  Moving Swift-ly on? Giggling Tom Hiddleston is spotted bidding farewell to a mystery brunette during evening stroll back in London 'Mariah's filled with regret over James': Carey has 'reached out' to ex-fiance Packer to help her brand recover after New Year's Eve lip-syncing saga Church time! Gwen Stefani is a model mum in plaid as she attends worship services with her three sons Headed to church in Los Angeles on Sunday 'She's finally happy again': Cassandra Thorburn is willing to forgive ex-husband Karl Stefanovic and move on following their high profile split Hidden Figures counts up $20.5 million as it holds on to top spot at the box office for a second weekend About mathematicians who helped NASA put John Glenn into space  The reality of Instagram! Pia Muehlenbeck's hilarious before and after shots reveal what REALLY happens when models try to take the perfect beach shot 'Pajama jammy jam!' Kourtney Kardashian cuddles up to Kim's bestie Chrissy Teigen at Cash Warren's star-studded PJ party 'I will be ok!' Priyanka Chopra updates fans after dangerous fall on Quantico set left her with concussion Left hospitalised after a nasty fall  'I left the hospital looking 5 months pregnant': Peta Murgatroyd says 'real life' means female bodies don't just shrink back into shape Former TOWIE star Abi Clarke flaunts her eye-popping assets as she goes braless in extreme plunging playsuit and thigh-highs on night out She's got a lot of cheek! Bikini clad Holly Hagan flaunts her perky derriere in sizzling belfies during romantic breakaway to Thailand 'She's like my wife!' Amanda Peet describes relationship with BFF Sarah Paulson as 'intense and visceral' after THAT Golden Globes red carpet kiss 'I don't want to be at the centre of attention': Amanda Seyfried opens up about her upcoming wedding to Thomas Sadoski as she stuns in Prada on the cover of Vogue Australia Shedding for the wedding? Bonnie Sveen reveals her dramatic slim-down amid rumours her boyfriend Nathan Gooley is ready to pop the question Ariana Grande showcases her slender pins in sexy Instagram to promote her Dangerous Woman Tour Sultry shot of herself donning a black unitard 'Fastest retirement in history': Steven Jacobs returns to Today's weather segment less than two months after departing to live in Vanuatu 'Back in action': Yolanda Hadid shares behind the scenes shot as she joins daughter Gigi on Tommy Hilfiger shoot 'Causing trouble with him': Louise Thompson flaunts her toned body in yet ANOTHER workout video with beau Ryan Libbey... as she claims she's gained weight on holiday 'If I don't get a husband after this...': Jessica Wright embodies Christina Aguilera in raunchy leather chaps on new show Dance Dance Dance Is the sun setting on Sam and Kochie? Sunrise co-host David Koch 'wants Armytage replaced with Edwina Bartholomew' as ratings battle with Today Show's Karl and Lisa heats up Always camera ready! Jennifer Lopez turns shopping trip into a modelling shoot as she poses against a wall   Jennifer Lopez doesn't do casual. 'A bit of graft and willpower': Vicky Pattison shows off her incredibly toned figure in a sexy orange bikini at health retreat in Portugal after vowing to lose 10lbs 2DayFM 'under fire' after it's revealed new 'Sydney' breakfast show will be broadcast from Melbourne after Sam Frost and Rove McManus get dumped Amanda Seyfried shows off her bump in a grey sweater on outing with fiancé Thomas Sadoski Confirmed her first pregnancy in November 'No greater blessing than family!' Ciara's boy supports stepdad Russell Wilson's team... while his birth father Future backs the other side She's back! Kim Kardashian is her old self again as she sits astride a buggy and poses with a falcon on Dubai modelling shoot 'They're speaking all the time': Blake Garvey has been a 'shoulder to cry on' for Sam Frost following Bachelorette's split from Sasha Mielczarek Bikini-clad Billie Lourd holds hands with Taylor Lautner on sunshine break after the death of mother Carrie Fisher Mourning her mother and grandmother They played in Chelsea! Frankie Bridge celebrates her 27th birthday with retired footballer husband Wayne  Tina Fey pays tribute to Carrie Fisher as she appears in hologram form on Saturday Night Live Admitted she was 'nervous' about the gig Three generations of Beckham! David returns to Old Trafford with son Cruz and dad Ted as the trio watch Manchester United take on Liverpool 'Of course it's f*****g good to challenge your audience!' Sherlock creator Mark Gatiss slams fans who find the show confusing... and tells them to 'go read a children's book' 'Pound Shop today Harrods tomorrow!' Katie Price wraps up in a cosy designer ensemble during cut-price weekend shopping trip Looking bootyful! Kim Kardashian shows off her shapely rear in a form fitting white dress She's officially back at work, with a whirlwind tour of Dubai. 'Spray tan lyfe!' Ashley Graham strips down to her bikini as she flaunts her freshly tanned figure The plus-size stunner is a positive body image activist Prince George 'WON'T attend the same school as his father as Kate and William opt for smaller, more discreet pre-prep closer to Kensington Palace'  So good it's criminal! Busty Lauren Goodger flaunts her hourglass curves in saucy selfie... after supporting violent rap song penned by jailbird boyfriend's brother Before she shot to fame: Nicola McLean totes rifle as teen army cadet in newly-unveiled snaps... as pal Maria Fowler insists Tom Williams won't leave her over CBB flirting It's Kueen Kim! Kardashian is treated to a dance display as she gets the royal welcome in Dubai Now she knows how Kate Middleton feels EXCLUSIVE! Jessica Cunningham 'pretended she was sick' in order to ditch an online chat show deal at the last minute to enter the Big Brother house PJ-clad Jessica Alba plays beer pong at husband Cash Warren's birthday bash Also included a clip of designer Rachel Zoe engaging in the  sport Louise Thompson shows off her toned and tanned body in ANOTHER sun-soaked bikini snap on  break with boyfriend Ryan Libbey 'You just don't feel sexy!' The Hills star Audrina Patridge dishes on her love life after birth of baby daughter Kirra Thrill seeker! Ariel Winter squeals with delight as she takes her niece to Disneyland on her sixth birthday She was treating her to a day out Very cheeky! Chloe Madeley flashes her round posterior in racy grey swimsuit as she shares saucy belfie Flaunted her toned physique  Bare-faced beauty! Chloe Moretz keeps it casual in ripped sweatshirt and leggings Actress proved she doesn't need make-up or fancy clothes Getting fruity! Mollie King larks around with a pair of oranges in a skimpy bikini showing off her tanned flat stomach on holiday in Jamaica 'She's evil!': Scotty T slams 'thick' Geordie Shore co-star Chloe Ferry... after she left viewers DISGUSTED with her raunchy CBB antics Beefcake in Milan! Paris Hilton cosies up to muscle-bound models at Plein Sport runway show The reality TV icon later DJed the Sesto Sento Club in Lonato Former Corrie actress Katie Redford lands a new role on Archers after being axed from soap for lying about her age Axed two years ago She's got a lot of cheek! Bikini clad Holly Hagan flaunts her perky derriere and ample assets in sizzling selfie during sun soaked trip to Thailand He doesn't do things by halves! Rocco Ritchie can't contain his laughter as he breaks his skateboard in two while out and about in London MIC's Nicola Hughes puts on a leggy display in a chic olive dress as she enjoys a night out on the town Fun for all the family! Vanessa Paradis and new boyfriend Samuel Benchetrit appear downcast as they take Lily Rose Depp for a day of shopping in Paris Some helping hands! Blac Chyna heads to the mall with TWO nannies to help look after son King Cairo and baby Dream 'You're a very handsome man, aren't you?' CBB's Chloe Ferry flirts up a storm with bemused Calum Best... and offers to flash her VAGINA to everyone Christina Milian flaunts her ample cleavage in a saucy ensemble as she parties with BFF Karrueche Tran Thigh-grazing latex mini skirt 'She is smitten': Amber Heard said to be besotted with billionaire Elon Musk... as she prepares for 'new chapter' following Johnny Depp divorce Booty and the beach! Shirtless Gaz Beadle gets VERY tactile with bikini-clad girlfriend Emma McVey as he cheekily gropes her bum during romantic Emirates break The Apprentice's Frances Bishop displays her endless curves and perky posterior in skimpy bikini during sun soaked break to Dubai  Suki Waterhouse flaunts her tanned and toned physique in a skimpy bikini as she jogs along the beach in Mexico Went for a run along the Mayan Riviera Scarlett Moffatt highlights her dramatically slimmed down frame in a plunging floral minidress after making appearance on Sunday Brunch Plaid to see you! Pregnant Natalie Portman covers her large baby bump in a stylish checked jacket as she goes for leisurely park stroll Actress Emily Watson insists middle-aged sexuality is 'ignored' as she takes on new role as a cheating mother in racy BBC thriller  X Factor winner Matt Terry gets a kiss from a male pal as he enjoys a night out... after revealing Freddy Parker is moving out of their bachelor pad Lindsay Lohan cuts a chic figure in a quirky dog print co-ord as she enjoys a night out with a male friend in Milan   She's currently holidaying in one of the world's most stylish cities It's Compl-Ex! Danielle Bux grabs lunch with former husband-turned pal Gary Lineker in LA as they continue their budding friendship... then joins new man Nate Greenwald for dinner Lily James cuts a concerned figure as she talks anxiously on the phone...after boyfriend Matt Smith is spotted 'smoking suspicious cigarette'  Scarlett Moffatt looks slimmer than ever in all black ensemble as she hits the town with mum Betty... after fans urged 'gaunt' star to stop losing weight Shock for Harry's girl: Meghan Markle's BROTHER is arrested and charged with holding a gun to a woman's head 'in row during late night drinking session at his flat' Prince William will give up his career as a helicopter pilot to become a full-time royal as Queen hands over duties Girls' shopping trip! Katie Holmes takes daughter Suri Cruise to children's clothing store in LA Spotted on Saturday enjoying a bit of weekend quality time Mariah Carey sports plunging LBD as she and toyboy Bryan Tanaka step out in London Displayed her figure in a form-fitting dress  Pretty in pink! Lindsay Lohan steps out in sexy silky ensemble in Milan The 30-year-old former wild-child was spotted looking pretty in pink as she left her hotel in Milan PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Victoria Beckham wraps up in winter white polo neck as she enjoys girly day shopping with daughter Harper Back from the Maldives Sylvester Stallone's daughters Sophia, 20, and Sistine, 18, sizzles in coordinating black ensembles alongside their mother Jennifer at star-studded Dolce & Gabbana party Hunky dory: Hollywood heartthrobs Chris Hemsworth and Matt Damon catch up over dinner in LA with Chris' wife Elsa Pataky Blac Chyna in the red? Star threatened with lawsuit for $3million in 'unpaid fees' as 'longtime managers' claim she 'cut them out' of lucrative deals Gwen Stefani's ex-husband, Daisy Lowe's father, the singer from Bush, and now the coach contestants don't really want...Gavin Rossdale joins The Voice UK, by Jim Shelley Heard what James said? Pierce Brosnan looks stern during press conference... after chatshow host Corden labels him 'rudest' celebrity Sid Owen celebrates his 45th birthday by partying in London with pals including Jade Jones and Leigh Francis  Progress report! Justin Bieber checks in on protégé Madison Beer over dinner at trendy Catch LA BBC brands its OWN show 's**t' in awkward Twitter blunder as they retweet Let It Shine criticism  Danielle Lloyd snuggles up to fiancé Michael O'Neill on night out... as she admits to being a 'crazy b***h' after online trolls began targeting her when ex Jamie O'Hara entered CBB Why I never let Claudia Winkleman look in the mirror as a child: The Strictly host's mother EVE POLLARD says it's the best thing you can do for your daughters  'The day my world became complete': Stephanie Davis posts first adorable snap of baby boy... 'after revealing she'll name  son after stranger who chatted her up' 'Love on the sand': Photoshop enthusiast Natasha Oakley puts on a loved up display with beau Gilles Souteyrand  as she continues to holiday in the Caribbean Pajama party! Chrissy Teigen and John Legend rock ridiculous chicken themed onesies in hilarious snaps Georgia May Foote cosies up to new boyfriend George Alsford in a series of sunny snaps from romantic holiday Lisa Rinna, 53, sizzles in skintight leather trousers alongside her model daughter Delilah, 18, as they dine in LA 'Starting to see the results and it feels so good!' Jennifer Ellison reveals her slimmer physique after losing more than a stone in ONE month Actress Lily Collins: 'My famous surname made me work harder' Drummer's daughter was top of screen legend Warren Beatty's casting list for latest film 'Sometimes I can't breathe': Danielle Lloyd claims she has panic attacks and is 'too frightened' to leave the house due to trolling since ex Jamie O'Hara  appeared on CBB Bottoms up! Kirsten Dunst flaunts her toned pins and perky derriere in skintight denims as she hides her jaw-dropping engagement ring in LA 'When she's had a few drinks, she's crazy': CBB's Jamie O'Hara slams ex-wife Danielle Lloyd as he claims she's 'absolutely crackers' on a night out Eagle-eyed fans point out embarrassing EastEnders gaffe... as Mick Carter celebrates his 40th birthday on the WRONG date Fierce fashion instincts! Mandy Moore rocks chic animal print gown at Elle's Women in Television honors Pink throws daughter Willow Sage celebratory 'big sister party' as she lovingly cradles newborn son Jameson Moon Victoria Beckham 'takes legal action to block Spice Girls reunion'... as Geri Horner announces she's leaving GEM to focus on her family' 'It's nice to feel you've got support!' One Direction's Louis Tomlinson praises former bandmate Zayn Malik as he wins two nominations at 2017 BRIT Awards Spellbinding! Jessica Biel shows off her shapely legs in cut-out skirt as she attends premiere party for Just Add Magic EXCLUSIVE: ITV stalwarts Phillip Schofield and Holly Willoughby can't contain their laughter as they join glamorous Lorraine Kelly in new promo Kim Kardashian's former bodyguard breaks his silence on Paris robbery and says he's 'not avoiding anything' about the heist or WHY he was sacked 'I trained her like an athlete': Khloe Kardashian's trainer spills the secrets behind the star's enviable body - including countless squats, 'sled pushing' and intense boxing Beach bum! Instagram sensation Pia Muehlenbeck flaunts pert posterior and ample assets oceanside 'I wish R.I.P. meant Return If Possible': Celine Dion unveils powerful new a cappella song in tribute to late husband Rene one year after his death 'It's an uphill struggle': Sienna Miller reveals she hasn't filmed a movie for a year claiming there 'aren't many great roles for women' Run Daniel, run! James Bond star Craig makes a dash for it through the busy streets to make it to the New York Theater in time for his performance in Othello Make-up free Kate Hudson bundles up in all black with red cap as she steps out with Kurt Russell in Beverly Hills 'When you have a rare cappuccino': Ronan Keating's pregnant wife Storm sips on coffee as she heads into her third trimester in a matter of weeks 'Thanks Uncle Snoop!' Miley Cyrus poses by a marijuana bar at weed-themed birthday party for boyfriend Liam Hemsworth Lamar Odom says the first he knew of his near fatal drugs overdose was waking up to find Khloé Kardashian at his side in hospital Sneak peak interview 'Bringin' the 80's back!' Lauren Pope flaunts her pert derriere in sizzling neon swimsuit as she enjoys Dubai holiday with new Geordie Shore beau Aaron Chalmers Pregnant Billie Faiers displays her blossoming baby bump in black bikini after jetting to Dubai for her 27th birthday celebration Brad Pitt looks relaxed as he hangs out with Sting and Chris Cornell at star-studded EB disease benefit in Malibu 'Current mood': Naomi Watts shares flashack photo of herself as a bored schoolgirl in Brides of Christ as she complains about being on set past midnight  'You're in the wrong, just shut up!' Kim Woodburn throws EPIC tantrum after Geordie Shore's Chloe Ferry 'soaks' her by jumping into the CBB hot tub Move over sisters! Kendall Jenner steals the Kardashian spotlight with racy HEADLESS bikini selfie that forces followers to check out her body Orange you glad she came! Shailene Woodley sizzles in vibrant statement coat at star-studded Elle's Women in Television bash 'I heard nothing and saw everything!' Twitter goes wild as Roxanne Pallett's actor ex strips off to reveal his rippling muscles after making it through on Let It Shine Love is in the air! Matthew McConaughey looks casually cool in a stylish camel coat as he and wife Camilla Alves jet over to New York City 'She was her enemy': Elizabeth Taylor 'disliked' Sophia Loren as she feared the siren could steal love Richard Burton away, new book claims 'I'm gutted!': Emma Willis reveals disappointment over Austin Armacost's shock eviction from CBB... as show bosses face backlash for his awkward exit GIRL ABOUT TOWN: Is Sheridan Smith pregnant? The 35-year-old actress is seen regularly rubbing her stomach while singing Selena Gomez and The Weeknd's romance didn't break the friend code with Bella Hadid... because 'they're only acquaintances' GIRL ABOUT TOWN: Harry and Meghan are set to slope off for a romantic break... but poor old William may miss his Alpine adventure with Kate  'Grooming day!': Jenna Dewan Tatum shows off flawless make-up free face during futuristic-like skin session From Hollywood to Bollywood! Ruby Rose reveals she has ambitions to cut it in Asian market Classic colors! Reese Witherspoon and Nicole Kidman shine in black and white ensembles at Elle's Women in Television celebration 'HAPPY Z DAY'! Taylor Swift celebrates Zayn Malik's birthday by teasing their Fifty Shades Darker music video Spot the rock! Kate Mara sports a large ring glinting on her left hand as it emerges that she is engaged to Fantastic Four co-star Jamie Bell Another baby on the way! Jeff Goldblum, 64, is expecting second child with wife Emilie Livingston, 33 Announcement on Instagram 'They're giving things another go': Stevi Ritchie and Chloe-Jasmine Whichello 'are back together'... four months after calling off their engagement 'My babies': Blac Chyna cuddles up to her nine-week-old daughter Dream and four-year-old son King Cairo in sweet Instagram video Getting ready for Washington DC! Caitlyn Jenner grabs a coffee as she prepares for her appearance at Donald Trump's inauguration Well-dressed in coral Seeking comfort from her sister! Bella Hadid visits Gigi in snowy New York after her ex The Weeknd is spotted kissing Selena Gomez Knowles... Run The World! Sisters Beyonce and Solange go head-to-head as they compete for Best International Female Solo Artist 2017 BRIT Award Bit awkward? Little Mix's Perrie Edwards and ex-fiance Zayn Malik will battle it out for best British single at the 2017 BRIT Awards  Nominations announced Transgender singer Anohni bags nomination for Best British Female at 2017 BRIT Awards... eleven years after she was up for Best British Male White hot! Hailey Baldwin shows off her taut tummy wearing white mesh in stunning retro swimsuit shots Sultry in series of solo posts on Instagram Sofia Richie flaunts lace bra and washboard abs in coordinated tracksuit as she attends Moschino Milan fashion show with Paris Hilton Back in a skintight minidress! Kim Kardashian is curvy in a cream number as she continues touring Dubai after $1,600 makeup masterclass She's back! Mandy Moore returns as Rapunzel in new Tangled: Before Ever After trailer Back in the gym! Ashley Graham kicks off 2017 with workout clip as she keeps her generous curves in check after a month-long holiday Nicola McLean reveals she no longer wears her wedding ring after hubby Tom Williams cheated... while Danielle Lloyd continues their feud on Twitter Let's get cracking! James Jordan and Jedward cause chaos as they break into the main house and egg the kitchen on Celebrity Big Brother 'I did advise': Brian Blessed warned George Lucas about Jar Jar Binks when filming Phantom Menace... and insists Alec Guinness did not hate Star Wars Riding high in Dubai! Kim Kardashian goes for dune buggy ride then plays with a falcon during busy UAE trip Ditches mini for a black top and maroon slacks Get the kid a psychologist': Jeremy McConnell appears bleary eyed as he parties with pals in Thailand as ex Stephanie Davis gives birth to a son 'Working on the bumper!' Vogue Williams displays her peachy posterior in skimpy bodysuit as she continues to train for The Jump 'This is begging for a pun!' Fans get smutty as Katie Price shares snap of hairless cat Dobbi perching on her behind during EIGHTH bum lift  Let one take a selfie! Prince Andrew and ex-wife Sarah Ferguson send out VERY unusual royal thank you cards to well-wishers over Christmas  GIRL ABOUT TOWN: So Royals do carry cash - and wear on-trend trainers! Stylish Duke of Kent, 81, withdraws wads of £20 notes near his Kensington Palace home  Here we go again! Pregnant Geri Horner 'quits Spice Girls reunion and leaves the group for the second time to focus on her family'  Priorities changed Brooklyn Beckham's former flame Sonia Ben Ammar looks effortlessly stylish as she walks for Dolce & Gabbana alongside Sofia Richie at Milan Men's Fashion Week EXCLUSIVE: MIC's Lucy Watson shows off toned and tanned figure skimpy pink bikini as she hits the beach in Barbados with hunky boyfriend James Dunmore 'You're right it does look like a penis!' Cheeky chap Tom Hardy laughs about his phallic signature as he signs autographs at LAX 'Things have to change': Reese Witherspoon nearly breaks down in tears as she talks importance of representing women on screen 'We're very, very close friends': Nicole Kidman looks lovely in dusty rose dress as she discusses bond with fellow actress Reese Witherspoon Picture purr-fect! Bella Thorne shows off her perfectly toned flat midriff while posing with her cat in makeup-free Snapchat photo New mum Rebekah Vardy leaves hospital alongside her father after welcoming baby boy with England striker Jamie Vardy Picture of health Mad about plaid! Melissa McCarthy, 46, shows off thinner frame in bright pantsuit as she reacts to Gilmore Girls' shocking conclusion Channing Tatum and wife Jenna Dewan coordinate in baseball hats with jeans while running errands with daughter Everly, three The BBC treated Only Fools and Horses stars as 'poor relations', claims Del Boy David Jason as he reveals why he's returned to our screens at 76 Her favorite role! Cate Blanchett gets back to mom duty during break from Broadway's The Present as she's bundled up with her kids in NYC 'He will always be in our hearts': Celine Dion pays tribute to late husband on first anniversary of his death with video full of flashback photos Dakota Fanning returns to TV for upcoming period thriller The Alienist ...15 years after her last regular series role on the small screen 'Be who you are': Paris Hilton flashes side boob in daring dress while sharing inspiring message after being spotted with mystery man in Mexico Head Start to Home Cooked Get Recipes more SHARE PICTURE Copy link to paste in your message Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Network This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Contributors Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
Sports Listen Menu Pay & Benefits Workforce Tech Management Acquisition Defense Congress Causey Pay & Benefits News Pay Benefits Retirement TSP Shows Your Turn For Your Benefit Expert Insights Workforce News OPM Cyber Breach OPM Hiring/Retention SES Facilities/Fleet Workforce Rights/Governance Unions News Facilities/Fleet Workforce Rights/Governance Unions Shows FEDtalk Fed Access Tech News Cybersecurity Cloud Computing Mobility Big Data Open Data/Transparency Digital Government News Big Data Open Data/Transparency Digital Government Shows Ask the CIO Federal Executive Forum Federal Tech Talk Expert Insights Management News OMB Budget Sequestration Agency Oversight SES People News Agency Oversight SES People Shows Agency of the Month Business of Government Hour Expert Insights Women of Washington Acquisition News Contracts/Awards Acquisition Policy Industry/Associations Shows Amtower Off-Center Off the Shelf Ready To Prime What’s Working in Washington Defense News Army Air Force Navy Marine Corps DISA Other DoD Agencies Defense Industry News DISA Other DoD Agencies Defense Industry Shows On DoD Pentagon Solutions Expert Insights Congress News Legislation Hearings/Oversight Budget Sequestration Causey News Federal Report Causey Awards Shows Your Turn Trending: DoD•Veterans Affairs•HUD•Tom Temin•Mike Causey•Multimedia Gallery Headlines Get Email Alerts Business News Previous Story Judge: Exxon Mobil must give documents to attorney general Next Story China auto market has bumper year but 2017 outlook is weaker Home » The Associated Press » Business News » Asian shares mixed after… Asian shares mixed after Trump offers scant policy details By ALEX VEIGA January 11, 2017 9:59 pm Share KUALA LUMPUR, Malaysia (AP) — Asian shares were mixed Thursday following President-elect Donald Trump’s press conference. Trump offered scant details on policies, disappointing investors hoping for a clearer sense of his plans for trade and economic stimulus. KEEPING SCORE: Japan’s benchmark Nikkei 225 shed 0.9 percent to 19,192.76. Hong Kong’s Hang Seng dipped 0.1 percent to 22,916.85, and the Shanghai Composite was also down 0.1 percent at 3,133.80. Australia’s S&P/ASX 200 added 0.2 percent to 5,784.40 and South Korea’s Kospi gained 0.3 percent at 2,080.39. Shares in Southeast Asia were mostly higher. WALL STREET: The Nasdaq hit a fifth record-high close in a row, gaining 11.83 points, or 0.2 percent, to 5,563.65. The Dow Jones industrial average rose 98.75 points, or 0.5 percent, to 19,954.28. The S&P 500 index added 6.42 points, or 0.3 percent, to 2,275.32. Free e-book on the current initiatives and upcoming policy changes needed to address the ever-growing IT and application modernization challenge. Download now. TRUMP NEWS: Trump’s first news conference in nearly six months was an anti-climax, with scant details on his plans for infrastructure spending and tax reforms. Trump attacked U.S. intelligence services and big pharmaceutical companies, instead of outlining his platform. His comment that the government should change bidding procedures for the pharmaceutical industry “because they’re getting away with murder,” drove health care stocks lower Advertisement THE QUOTE: “It is what he didn’t mention – fiscal stimulus — that worries market participants. The U.S. dollar rally was based on the assumption that Trump’s administration will push through a massive infrastructure building and fiscal stimulus package, which will lead to higher inflation in the future,” said Margaret Yang Yan, market analyst with CMC Markets in Singapore. “The slump in the U.S. dollar index last night indicated that assumption is now unwinding because the president-elect never even mentioned that key word ‘stimulus’.” ENERGY: Benchmark crude oil dipped 8 cents to $52.17 a barrel. It rose $1.43, or 2.8 percent, to close at $52.25 a barrel in New York on Wednesday. Brent crude, which is used to price oil sold internationally, fell 2 cents to $55.08. CURRENCIES: The dollar fell to 114.74 yen from 115.43 on Wednesday. The euro rose to $1.0603 from $1.0576. Topics: Business News Leave A Comment Home » The Associated Press » Business News » Asian shares mixed after… Partners FEDERAL INSIGHTS The Associated Press Government News U.S. News Business News World News Technology News Entertainment News Sports News Fed Photo of the Day Photos of the amazing, moving, important and amusing things happening in the federal community. Today In History 1966: LBJ appoints first African-American Cabinet member A daily update of important moments in the history of the U.S. government. Recommended Widespread congressional support for Mattis as Defense secretary suddenly devolves along partisan lines Top Story Federal pay freeze likely under new Congress Commentary Chaffetz calls for scrutiny of ethics watchdog for Trump tweets Hearings/Oversight How Fort Myer handles thousands of service members for the inauguration Defense Small Business Administration to help find jobs for Peace Corps volunteers Hiring/Retention Business News Previous Story Judge: Exxon Mobil must give documents to attorney general Next Story China auto market has bumper year but 2017 outlook is weaker Email Alerts RSS Feeds News Team Careers Contact Us About Us WTOP Federal Marketing Insights Hubbard Radio Podcast DC Advertise Partners & Events Press Releases Media Kit Radio Shows Sports Copyright © 2016 by Federal News Radio. All rights reserved. Terms of Use Copyright/Usage Policy DMCA Notice Privacy Policy Comment Policy EEO Report FCC Online Public Inspection File
continue to article News All Local News Search Last 36 hours Nation + World Environment Politics Justice Polygamy Health Care Education Weather Utah's Right Elevate Empower Utah Legal Notices Sports Utah Jazz RSL Utah Utes BYU Cougars USU Aggies WSU Wildcats Preps Grizzlies Bees Outdoors Winter Sports College Monson Kragthorpe All-time BYU football stats All-time Utes football stats Blogs The Utah Effect Politics UPIN The Cricket TV Jazz Notes U of U Sports BYU Sports Prep Sports RSL Hiking Outdoors & Travel Sundance More Blogs Opinion Editorials Commentary Letters Bagley Cartoon Gehrke Rolly Cannon Kirby Blog: State of the Debate Submit a Letter Faith Religion news LDS Church Faith Blog Entertainment Calendar Film-Finder Movies Restaurants Lifestyle Arts Food Music TV Sundance Shopping Puzzles & Games Comics Horoscopes Cool Stuff The Legacy of Joe Hill I Love videos Whatever Happened To... Special Reports Videos Photo Galleries Utah Bucket List Mormon Rivals Preparing to play Paul Rolly Roast Money Top Workplaces The Realty Show Home Prices Obituaries Jobs Top Employer Top Educator Top Jobs Employment News Employers Post A Job Contact Us Homes Find a Home Find a Realtor Rentals Cars Find a car Browse Dealers Fuel Stop Top Workplaces Top Workplaces Subscribe    Print New Subscription Register for e-Edition Access your e-Edition Print Registration Print Login    sltrib.com Membership Become a Supporting Member Premium Ad-Free Site Login Account Login Member FAQ Toggle navigation News All Local News Search Last 36 hours Nation + World Environment Politics Justice Polygamy Health Care Education Weather Utah's Right Elevate Empower Utah Legal Notices    SPONSORED BY: Sports Utah Jazz RSL Utah Utes BYU Cougars USU Aggies WSU Wildcats Preps Grizzlies Bees Outdoors Winter Sports College Monson Kragthorpe All-time BYU football stats All-time Utes football stats Blogs The Utah Effect Politics UPIN The Cricket TV Jazz Notes U of U Sports BYU Sports Prep Sports RSL Hiking Outdoors & Travel Sundance More Blogs Opinion Editorials Commentary Letters Bagley Cartoon Gehrke Rolly Cannon Kirby Blog: State of the Debate Submit a Letter Faith Religion news LDS Church Faith Blog Entertainment Sundance Calendar Film-Finder Movies Restaurants Lifestyle Arts Food Music TV Shopping Puzzles & Games Comics Horoscopes    SPONSORED BY: Cool Stuff The Legacy of Joe Hill I Love videos Whatever Happened To... Special Reports Videos Photo Galleries Utah Bucket List Mormon Rivals Preparing to play Paul Rolly Roast Money Top Workplaces The Realty Show Home Prices Obituaries Jobs Top Employer Top Educator Top Jobs Employment News Employers Post A Job Contact Us    SPONSORED BY: Homes Find a Home Find a Realtor Rentals    SPONSORED BY: Cars Find a car Browse Dealers Fuel Stop    SPONSORED BY: Top Workplaces Subscribe    Print New Subscription Register for e-Edition Access your e-Edition Print Registration Print Login    sltrib.com Membership Become a Supporting Member Premium Ad-Free Site Login Account Login Member FAQ Home » News Salt Lake City 30 ° Traffic / Ski Report Stories from last 36 hours WWW.SLTRIB.COM JAN 15, 2017 Become a Member | Ad-Free Login Home » News JAN 15, 2017  |  Salt Lake City 30 °  |  Traffic / Ski Report Stories from last 36 hours Become a Member | Ad-Free Login Home » News Become a Member | Ad-Free Login Pharmaceutical firms lead markets down By ALEX VEIGA The Associated Press First Published Jan 11 2017 08:45AM    •    Last Updated Jan 11 2017 01:42 pm Share This Article The major U.S. stock indexes veered slightly higher in late-afternoon trading after spending much of the day wavering between small gains and losses. Energy stocks led the gainers as crude oil prices closed higher. Health care stocks were down the most after President-elect Donald Trump said the government needs to overhaul how it buys drugs from pharmaceutical companies. KEEPING SCORE: The Dow Jones industrial average was up 68 points, or 0.3 percent, to 19,923 as of 1:22 p.m. Mountain time. The Standard & Poor's 500 index added 3 points, or 0.1 percent, to 2,272. The Nasdaq composite index gained 5 points, or 0.1 percent, to 5,557. The Nasdaq has closed at a record high the past four days in a row. VIDEOS TOP JOBS THE QUOTE: The stock indexes have been drifting between small gains and losses for much of the day, likely because investors are looking ahead to the next wave of corporate earnings reports, which kick off Friday, noted Tim Dreiling, regional investment director for U.S. Bank's Private Client Reserve. "The heavy load comes in the coming weeks," Dreiling said. "There's a little bit of a wait-and-see on what those earnings numbers look like." TRUMP FACTOR: During a press conference Wednesday morning, Trump said the government has to create new bidding procedures for the pharmaceutical industry "because they're getting away with murder." The remarks sent health care stocks broadly lower. Several pharmaceutical companies slumped, with Endo International falling 7.6 percent, the biggest decliner in the S&P 500. The stock slid $1.16 to $14.15. Perrigo lost $6.33, or 7.6 percent, to $77.33. Mallinckrodt tumbled $3.24, or 6 percent, to $50.51. UNAPPETIZING RESULTS: SuperValu slid 7.1 percent after the grocery store operator announced a weak third-quarter profit, partly because of falling food prices. The stock shed 34 cents to $4.45. SALES SLUMP: Signet Jewelers fell 3.5 percent after the company cut its profit forecast for the fourth quarter and current fiscal year. Signet said its total sales fell 5 percent over the holidays, citing technical problems at its e-commerce business. The stock fell $3.09 to $84.37. DISAPPOINTING FORECAST: Auto parts supplier BorgWarner was down 1.7 percent after it issued a profit and sales forecast that fell short of what Wall Street was anticipating. The stock shed 69 cents to $40.08. FASTER IS BETTER: Drugmaker Merck rose 2.3 percent on news that the Food and Drug Administration will do a quick review of one of the company's drugs for its potential to treat a type of lung cancer. The stock added $1.41 at $61.33. HEALTHY OUTLOOK: Intuitive Surgical gained 2.4 percent after the robotic surgical systems maker delivered a strong fourth-quarter sales forecast. The stock rose $15.86 to $678.06. EARNINGS SEASON: Big U.S. companies start reporting fourth-quarter earnings this week. On Friday JPMorgan Chase, Wells Fargo and Bank of America release their results. Still, investors had their eye on a few companies that released quarterly results Wednesday. MARKETS OVERSEAS: Germany's DAX rose 0.5 percent, while France's CAC 40 was essentially flat. Britain's FTSE 100 gained 0.2 percent. In Asia, a strong earnings forecast from Samsung Electronics helped drive gains on the South Korean stock market, where the Kospi added 1.5 percent and hit its highest close in over a year. Japan's benchmark Nikkei 225 rose 0.3 percent. Australia's S&P/ASX 200 added 0.2 percent. Hong Kong's Hang Seng gained 0.8 percent. ENERGY: Benchmark U.S. crude rose $1.43, or 2.8 percent, to close at $52.25 a barrel in New York. Brent crude, which is used to price oil sold internationally, gained $1.46, or 2.7 percent, at $55.10 a barrel in London. In other energy trading, wholesale gasoline added 5 cents to $1.59 a gallon and heating oil rose 4 cents to $1.65 a gallon. Natural gas futures slipped 5 cents to $3.22 per 1,000 cubic feet. BONDS: Bond prices rose. The yield on the 10-year Treasury note fell to 2.37 percent from 2.38 percent late Tuesday. CURRENCIES: The pound continued to weaken amid concern that Britain might break off completely from the European Union's single market. The currency was trading at $1.2201, up from $1.2163 the day before. The dollar fell to 115.49 yen from 115.73 yen late Tuesday. The euro rose to $1.0575 from $1.0560. METALS: The price of gold rose $11.10 to $1,196.60 an ounce. Silver slipped 2 cents to $16.83 an ounce. Copper was little changed at $2.61 a pound.   Share This Article JOIN THE DISCUSSION     Post a Comment POPULAR STORIES Kirby: Wait'll you see how much the Mormon church pays me How much do top Mormon leaders make? Leaked pay stubs may surprise you. Nate Carlisle: Why are LDS Church documents being leaked now? Whistleblower cases offer some clues | Eddie Long, megachurch pastor accused of sexual misconduct, dies Meet the Utahns going to Washington to celebrate -- and protest -- Trump's inauguration ELEVATE 3 Unforgettable Date Night Ideas   Ririe-Woodbury to Perform ‘Wiggle-Friendly’ Family Matinée as Part of its Winter Season   Contests and Promotions COMMENTS POST A COMMENT      () News All Local News Search Last 36 hours Nation + World RSS Twitter Environment Politics Justice Polygamy Education Weather Utah's Right Elevate Empower Utah Cool Stuff The Legacy of Joe Hill I Love videos Whatever Happened To... Special Reports Videos Photo Galleries Utah Bucket List Mormon Rivals Preparing to play Sports All Sports Olympics TribPreps Utah Jazz Utah Utes BYU Cougars USU Aggies WSU Wildcats College RSL Grizzlies Bees Winter Sports Outdoors Gordon Monson Kurt Kragthorpe All-time BYU football stats All-time Utes football stats Money All Money Top Workplaces Home Prices Blogs All Blogs Politics The Cricket TV Jazz Notes U of U Sports BYU Sports Prep Sports RSL Hiking Sundance Opinion All Opinion Editorials Commentary Letters Bagley Cartoons Gehrke Rolly Cannon Kirby Submit a Letter Faith All Faith LDS Church Religion news Faith Blog Entertainment All Entertainment Calendar Film-Finder Movies Restaurants Lifestyle Arts Food Music TV Sundance Shopping Puzzles & Games Comics Horoscopes Membership Ad-Free Site Login Become a Member Account Login Member FAQ Obituaries Search Obituaries Place an Obituary Marketplace Search Cars Search Homes Search Jobs Search Marketplace Legal Notices Other Services Advertise With Us Subscribe to the Newspaper Access your e-Edition Frequently Asked Questions Contact a newsroom staff member Access the Trib Archives Privacy Policy Missing your paper? Need to place your paper on vacation hold? For this and any other subscription related needs, click here or call 801.204.6100 Copyright @ 2017, The Salt Lake Tribune
Sections Sections Top Stories Watch U.S. World Politics Lifestyle Entertainment Health Tech Investigative Sports Weather Shows Shows Good Morning America World News Tonight Nightline 20/20 This Week Live Live Winter Storm Moving Across the Central US Kittens Play in 'Dorm Cam' in Los Angeles Skiers Hit the Slopes in Copper Mountain, Colo. View of the Sydney Opera House in Sydney Harbour Local Local New York City Los Angeles Chicago Philadelphia San Francisco - Oakland - San Jose Houston Durham - Raleigh - Fayetteville Fresno More abc.com espn.com fivethirtyeight.com disney.com theundefeated.com Privacy Policy Your CA Privacy Rights Children's Online Privacy Policy Interest-Based Ads Terms of Use Contact Us Yahoo!-ABC News Network | © 2017 ABC News Internet Ventures. All rights reserved. Search Menu ABC News Log In U.S. World Politics Lifestyle Entertainment Health … … Entertainment Health Tech Investigative Sports Weather More ABCNews Cities Cities New York City New York City Los Angeles Los Angeles Chicago Chicago Philadelphia Philadelphia San Francisco - Oakland - San Jose San Francisco - Oakland - San Jose Houston Houston Durham - Raleigh - Fayetteville Durham - Raleigh - Fayetteville Fresno Fresno Partner Sites Partner Sites abc.com abc.com espn.com espn.com fivethirtyeight.com fivethirtyeight.com disney.com disney.com theundefeated.com theundefeated.com Privacy PolicyPrivacy Policy Your CA Privacy RightsYour CA Privacy Rights Children's Online Privacy PolicyChildren's Online Privacy Policy Interest-Based AdsInterest-Based Ads Terms of UseTerms of Use Contact UsContact Us Yahoo!-ABC News Network | © 2017 ABC News Internet Ventures. All rights reserved. Shows Good Morning America Good Morning America World News Tonight World News Tonight Nightline Nightline 20/20 20/20 This Week This Week Live Watch Asian Shares Mixed After Trump Offers Scant Policy Details By eileen ng, associated press KUALA LUMPUR, Malaysia  Jan 11, 2017, 9:59 PM ET 0 Shares Email Star 0 Shares Email Asian shares were mixed Thursday following President-elect Donald Trump's press conference. Trump offered scant details on policies, disappointing investors hoping for a clearer sense of his plans for trade and economic stimulus. KEEPING SCORE: Japan's benchmark Nikkei 225 shed 0.9 percent to 19,192.76. Hong Kong's Hang Seng dipped 0.1 percent to 22,916.85, and the Shanghai Composite was also down 0.1 percent at 3,133.80. Australia's S&P/ASX 200 added 0.2 percent to 5,784.40 and South Korea's Kospi gained 0.3 percent at 2,080.39. Shares in Southeast Asia were mostly higher. WALL STREET: The Nasdaq hit a fifth record-high close in a row, gaining 11.83 points, or 0.2 percent, to 5,563.65. The Dow Jones industrial average rose 98.75 points, or 0.5 percent, to 19,954.28. The S&P 500 index added 6.42 points, or 0.3 percent, to 2,275.32. TRUMP NEWS: Trump's first news conference in nearly six months was an anti-climax, with scant details on his plans for infrastructure spending and tax reforms. Trump attacked U.S. intelligence services and big pharmaceutical companies, instead of outlining his platform. His comment that the government should change bidding procedures for the pharmaceutical industry "because they're getting away with murder," drove health care stocks lower THE QUOTE: "It is what he didn't mention - fiscal stimulus — that worries market participants. The U.S. dollar rally was based on the assumption that Trump's administration will push through a massive infrastructure building and fiscal stimulus package, which will lead to higher inflation in the future," said Margaret Yang Yan, market analyst with CMC Markets in Singapore. "The slump in the U.S. dollar index last night indicated that assumption is now unwinding because the president-elect never even mentioned that key word 'stimulus'." ENERGY: Benchmark crude oil dipped 8 cents to $52.17 a barrel. It rose $1.43, or 2.8 percent, to close at $52.25 a barrel in New York on Wednesday. Brent crude, which is used to price oil sold internationally, fell 2 cents to $55.08. CURRENCIES: The dollar fell to 114.74 yen from 115.43 on Wednesday. The euro rose to $1.0603 from $1.0576. 0 Shares Email Star Comments Asian Shares Mixed After Trump Offers Scant Policy Details " Reince Priebus Calls John Lewis' Criticism of Trump 'Irresponsible' " CIA Director Warns Trump: Be 'Very Disciplined' With Public Remarks " Meet Thumbelina, a Tiny Chihuahua Who Weighs Only 1.54 Pounds " 8-Year-Old Battling Cancer Gets Birthday Wish to See Amazon Facility " Twin's Mom Reacts to Emotional Reunion: 'It Didn't Feel Real' " Man Finds Forgotten Lotto Ticket, Wins $1 Million " Newlyweds Nail Iconic 'Dirty Dancing' Routine at Wedding " 2 Women Share How They Collectively Lost 100s of Pounds " Americans Think Obama, Kennedy, Reagan Gave Best Inaugural Speeches " Standing in for the Incoming President and First Lady at Inauguration Rehearsal " Jennifer Holliday Pulls Out of Trump's Inauguration After Backlash President Obama's Inauguration Day Plans " 5 Takeaways From Scathing Department of Justice Report on Chicago Policing " When Working 2 Fast Food Jobs, 16 Hours a Day Still Isn't Enough " Paris Jackson Pleased, 'Surprised' Network Canceled Michael Jackson Episode
Asian shares mixed after Trump offers scant policy details - News9.com - Oklahoma City, OK - News, Weather, Video and Sports | Oklahoma Headlines 9 Investigates Special Coverage My 2 Cents Politics Health About Your Retirement Strange News Submit News Tips Email Sign-Up Radars Weather In-Depth Current Temps News 9 Traffic Map Weather 101 Safety Tips Weather Community SKYCAMS Storm Zone News 9 Videos Watch CBS Shows VideoBytes Video Requests The Vault Latest Recipes By Type By Specialty Sign Up For Recipe Emails Main Entertainment Money Home/Family Health Food Pets Tech Travel Beauty & Style Auto VideoBytes Press Releases Text & Win Concept Home Food For Kids TV Schedules Member Center: Create Account| Log In Manage Account| Log Out SITE SEARCH Print Asian shares mixed after Trump offers scant policy details Posted: Wednesday, January 11, 2017 10:23 AM EST Updated: Wednesday, January 11, 2017 10:13 PM EST NationalMore>> Central US Ice storm falls short of dire forecasts Central US Ice storm falls short of dire forecasts Updated: Sunday, January 15 2017 8:36 PM EST2017-01-16 01:36:37 GMT A third wave of sleet and drizzle could hit parts of the central U.S. on the eve of the holiday, and temperatures threaten to stay near or below freezing and add to the treacherous mix.More >> Sleet and drizzle glazed swaths of the central U.S. on Sunday, extending icy weather that some meteorologists acknowledged fell short of dire forecasts.More >> Thousands rally to resist Republican health law repeal drive Thousands rally to resist Republican health law repeal drive Updated: Sunday, January 15 2017 8:06 PM EST2017-01-16 01:06:17 GMT Thousands of people are showing up for a rally in suburban Detroit where U.S. Sen. Bernie Sanders will speak in support of President Barack Obama's signature health care law.More >> Thousands of people showed up in freezing temperatures on Sunday in Michigan to hear Sen. Bernie Sanders denounce Republican efforts to repeal President Barack Obama's health care law, one of dozens of rallies...More >> PBS: No 'red flag' on funding under Trump, but it's early PBS: No 'red flag' on funding under Trump, but it's early Updated: Sunday, January 15 2017 7:56 PM EST2017-01-16 00:56:15 GMT PBS is waiting, but not quietly, to see what the Trump administration's impact on public broadcasting and its federal funding may be, PBS chief executive Paula Kerger said.More >> PBS is waiting, but not quietly, to see what the Trump administration's impact on public broadcasting and its federal funding may be, PBS chief executive Paula Kerger said.More >> 3 Nevada Democrats want ex-senator statue out of US Capitol 3 Nevada Democrats want ex-senator statue out of US Capitol Updated: Sunday, January 15 2017 3:36 PM EST2017-01-15 20:36:11 GMT Three Democratic congressional representatives are asking state lawmakers to act to remove a statue of former Nevada senator from the U.S. Capitol's Statuary Hall, alleging that he left a "legacy of racism,...More >> Three Democratic congressional representatives are asking state lawmakers to act to remove a statue of former Nevada senator from the U.S. Capitol's Statuary Hall, alleging that he left a "legacy of racism,...More >> Love it or hate it, people have opinions on the circus Love it or hate it, people have opinions on the circus Updated: Sunday, January 15 2017 3:26 PM EST2017-01-15 20:26:04 GMT Reaction to news that the Ringling Bros. and Barnum & Bailey Circus was closing after 146 years - from saddened celebrities to elated animal rights advocates - flew as fast as a flying trapeze.More >> Reaction to news that the Ringling Bros. and Barnum & Bailey Circus was closing after 146 years - from saddened celebrities to elated animal rights advocates - flew as fast as a flying trapeze.More >> Chicago police officer fatally shoots fleeing gunman Chicago police officer fatally shoots fleeing gunman Updated: Sunday, January 15 2017 12:15 PM EST2017-01-15 17:15:58 GMT A police officer confronted by a fleeing gunman suspected of shooting three people fatally shot the man early Sunday, Chicago police said.More >> A police officer confronted by a fleeing gunman suspected of shooting three people fatally shot the man early Sunday, Chicago police said.More >> The Latest: Kansas, Missouri, Oklahoma deal with icy weather The Latest: Kansas, Missouri, Oklahoma deal with icy weather Updated: Sunday, January 15 2017 11:46 AM EST2017-01-15 16:46:58 GMT The Latest on ice storms in the central U.S. (all times local):More >> The Latest on ice storms in the central U.S. (all times local):More >> Nowhere left to run away to: The final days of the circus Nowhere left to run away to: The final days of the circus Updated: Sunday, January 15 2017 10:45 AM EST2017-01-15 15:45:59 GMT Goodbye to death-defying feats - daring young men (and women) on the flying trapeze, whip-wielding lion tamers, human cannonballs. Goodbye to the scent of peanuts and popcorn, the thrill of three rings, the jaunty...More >> Goodbye to death-defying feats - daring young men (and women) on the flying trapeze, whip-wielding lion tamers, human cannonballs. Goodbye to the scent of peanuts and popcorn, the thrill of three rings, the jaunty...More >> Quaker group marks centennial with 'Waging Peace' exhibit Quaker group marks centennial with 'Waging Peace' exhibit Updated: Sunday, January 15 2017 8:25 AM EST2017-01-15 13:25:54 GMT The American Friends Service Committee is celebrating 100 years of nonviolent activism with an exhibition, "Waging Peace," that showcases the group's accomplishments while also illustrating work that remains to...More >> The American Friends Service Committee is celebrating 100 years of nonviolent activism with an exhibition, "Waging Peace," that showcases the group's accomplishments while also illustrating work that remains to be done.More >> Secret WWI telegram holds lessons for today, historians say Secret WWI telegram holds lessons for today, historians say Updated: Sunday, January 15 2017 8:16 AM EST2017-01-15 13:16:59 GMT In a secret telegram a century ago, Germany tried to get Mexico to join its side during World War I by offering it territory in the United States. Britain intercepted, deciphered and shared the "Zimmermann Telegram."More >> In a secret telegram a century ago, Germany tried to get Mexico to join its side during World War I by offering it territory in the United States. Britain intercepted, deciphered and shared the "Zimmermann Telegram."More >>    AP National News VideoMore>> Trump raises millions to cover inauguration's steep costs Trump raises millions to cover inauguration's steep costs The inauguration of a new president requires the recitation of a 35-word oath, but when you add some hoopla and glitz, you're talking about real money More >> The inauguration of a new president requires the recitation of a 35-word oath, but when you add some hoopla and glitz, you're talking about real moneyMore >> US gov't accuses Fiat Chrysler of cheating on emissions US gov't accuses Fiat Chrysler of cheating on emissions The U.S. government is accusing Fiat Chrysler of failing to disclose software in some of its pickups and SUVs with diesel engines that allows them to emit more pollution than allowed under the Clean Air Act More >> The U.S. government is accusing Fiat Chrysler of failing to disclose software in some of its pickups and SUVs with diesel engines that allows them to emit more pollution than allowed under the Clean Air ActMore >> Obama awards Biden Presidential Medal of Freedom Obama awards Biden Presidential Medal of Freedom President Barack Obama is awarding Vice President Joe Biden the Presidential Medal of Freedom More >> President Barack Obama is awarding Vice President Joe Biden the Presidential Medal of FreedomMore >> Baltimore reaches agreement with US to reform policing Baltimore reaches agreement with US to reform policing The Baltimore police department committed to a sweeping overhaul of its practices Thursday under a court-enforceable agreement with the federal government More >> The Baltimore police department committed to a sweeping overhaul of its practices Thursday under a court-enforceable agreement with the federal governmentMore >> Senators voice little opposition to Mattis as defense chief Senators voice little opposition to Mattis as defense chief Senators signaled little opposition Tuesday to the nomination of James Mattis to be defense secretary, as national security experts recommended lawmakers amend the law and allow the retired Marine Corps general to head the... More >> Senators signaled little opposition Tuesday to the nomination of James Mattis to be defense secretary, as national security experts recommended lawmakers amend the law and allow the retired Marine Corps general to head the...More >> Trump denounces 'disgrace' of reports of Russian ties to him Trump denounces 'disgrace' of reports of Russian ties to him Donald Trump on Wednesday adamantly denied reports that Russia had compromising personal and financial information about him, calling it a "tremendous blot" on the intelligence community if material with any such allegations had been released More >> Donald Trump on Wednesday adamantly denied reports that Russia had compromising personal and financial information about him, calling it a "tremendous blot" on the intelligence community if material with any such allegations had been releasedMore >> Trump talks about replacement for Obamacare Trump talks about replacement for Obamacare Donald Trump on Wednesday outlined a repeal and replace plan for Obamacare.  More >> Donald Trump on Wednesday outlined a repeal and replace plan for Obamacare. More >> Obama returns to White House after final Air Force One ride Obama returns to White House after final Air Force One ride President Barack Obama didn't just say farewell to the nation More >> President Barack Obama didn't just say farewell to the nationMore >> 'Yes we did' - Obama bids farewell in nostalgic last speech 'Yes we did' - Obama bids farewell in nostalgic last speech President Barack Obama bid farewell to the nation on Tuesday in an emotional speech that sought to comfort a country on edge over rapid economic changes, persistent security threats and the election of Donald Trump More >> President Barack Obama bid farewell to the nation on Tuesday in an emotional speech that sought to comfort a country on edge over rapid economic changes, persistent security threats and the election of Donald TrumpMore >> The Latest: Obama says citizens must protect way of life The Latest: Obama says citizens must protect way of life President Barack Obama says in his farewell address that protecting the nation's way of life is the job of citizens as well as the military More >> President Barack Obama says in his farewell address that protecting the nation's way of life is the job of citizens as well as the militaryMore >>    By EILEEN NG Associated Press KUALA LUMPUR, Malaysia (AP) - Asian shares were mixed Thursday following President-elect Donald Trump's press conference. Trump offered scant details on policies, disappointing investors hoping for a clearer sense of his plans for trade and economic stimulus. KEEPING SCORE: Japan's benchmark Nikkei 225 shed 0.9 percent to 19,192.76. Hong Kong's Hang Seng dipped 0.1 percent to 22,916.85, and the Shanghai Composite was also down 0.1 percent at 3,133.80. Australia's S&P/ASX 200 added 0.2 percent to 5,784.40 and South Korea's Kospi gained 0.3 percent at 2,080.39. Shares in Southeast Asia were mostly higher. WALL STREET: The Nasdaq hit a fifth record-high close in a row, gaining 11.83 points, or 0.2 percent, to 5,563.65. The Dow Jones industrial average rose 98.75 points, or 0.5 percent, to 19,954.28. The S&P 500 index added 6.42 points, or 0.3 percent, to 2,275.32. TRUMP NEWS: Trump's first news conference in nearly six months was an anti-climax, with scant details on his plans for infrastructure spending and tax reforms. Trump attacked U.S. intelligence services and big pharmaceutical companies, instead of outlining his platform. His comment that the government should change bidding procedures for the pharmaceutical industry "because they're getting away with murder," drove health care stocks lower THE QUOTE: "It is what he didn't mention - fiscal stimulus - that worries market participants. The U.S. dollar rally was based on the assumption that Trump's administration will push through a massive infrastructure building and fiscal stimulus package, which will lead to higher inflation in the future," said Margaret Yang Yan, market analyst with CMC Markets in Singapore. "The slump in the U.S. dollar index last night indicated that assumption is now unwinding because the president-elect never even mentioned that key word 'stimulus'." ENERGY: Benchmark crude oil dipped 8 cents to $52.17 a barrel. It rose $1.43, or 2.8 percent, to close at $52.25 a barrel in New York on Wednesday. Brent crude, which is used to price oil sold internationally, fell 2 cents to $55.08. CURRENCIES: The dollar fell to 114.74 yen from 115.43 on Wednesday. The euro rose to $1.0603 from $1.0576. Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed. News 9 7401 N. Kelley Ave. Oklahoma City, OK 73111 OKLAHOMA CITY'S OWN TM Oklahoma's Own News9.com is proud to provide Oklahomans with timely and relevant news and information, sharing the stories, pictures and loves of Oklahomans across our great state including Oklahoma City's Own. Station Profile & Public Inspection Files NEWS 9 Investigates Crime Education Special Coverage Health Politics Links Consumer Watch My 2 Cents WEATHER Interactive ESP Street Level Radar Current Temps Weather 101 Weather Community Storm Tracker Weather In-Depth FEATURED Video Share Recipes Classifieds Contests Community Contact Us Employment DIGITAL NETWORK NewsOn6.com News9.com TulsaCW.com RadioOklahoma.net OklahomaFarmReport.com All content © Copyright 2000 - 2017 KWTV. All Rights Reserved. For more information on this site, please read our Privacy Policy, and Terms of Service, and Ad Choices.
This website requires Javascript to run correctly. Click here for help enabling it The New Zealand Herald 2:51pm Mon 16 January Network   ° 0 / ° 0   Loading… Help & Support The New Zealand Herald Bay of Plenty Times Hawke's Bay Today The Rotorua Daily Post The Northern Advocate Wanganui Chronicle Manawatu Guardian Kapiti News Hamilton News The Aucklander The Northland Age Stratford Press Herald Rugby Viva Dream Team Bite True Commercial Newspix Driven The Country Chinese NZ Herald nzherald.co.nz submit Navigation Home National National Insights NZ Herald Focus Education Crime Environment Politics Weather Opinion Maori Employment Quizzes Health Local Focus Opinion Opinion Financial Your Views Media Blogs Cartoons Living in NZ Editorial Travel Political Business Business Personal Finance Small Business Work Life Around NZ Our Experts Economy Deloitte 200 Industries Toolbox Property Tech Tech ICT News Internet Science Computers Wired Mobile Space Gadgets Innovation World World South America Videos Europe Climate Middle East Australia Africa Pacific Disasters Asia Strange but True USA Photos Sport Sport Golf Rugby Boxing Cricket Motorsport League Racing Football More Sport Basketball Live Scores Tennis Dream Team Entertainment Entertainment Music Spy Games Celebrity Culture Reviews What's on Video Sideswipe TV Puzzles Movies Horoscope Lifestyle Lifestyle Parenting Health & Wellbeing Design & Garden Food & Drink Viva Fashion & Beauty Canvas Relationships Pets & Animals Travel Travel International New Zealand Cruises NZ Walks Tips Australia Accommodation Pacific Discover America Rural Motoring Motoring Driven Property Property Residential Property Herald Homes True Commercial Classifieds Classifieds Public Notices True Commercial Businesses for Sale Motoring Sub Navigation Business Small Business Around NZ Economy Global Trade Retail Trade Industries Property Property News Businesses for Sale Herald Commercial Property Personal Finance Work Life Our Experts Deloitte 200 Toolbox Asian shares mixed after Trump offers scant policy details 4:05 PM Thursday Jan 12, 2017 SHARE: Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Not saved Email Print World KUALA LUMPUR, Malaysia (AP) " Asian shares were mixed Thursday following President-elect Donald Trump's press conference. Trump offered scant details on policies, disappointing investors hoping for a clearer sense of his plans for trade and economic stimulus. KEEPING SCORE: Japan's benchmark Nikkei 225 shed 0.9 percent to 19,192.76. Hong Kong's Hang Seng dipped 0.1 percent to 22,916.85, and the Shanghai Composite was also down 0.1 percent at 3,133.80. Australia's S&P/ASX 200 added 0.2 percent to 5,784.40 and South Korea's Kospi gained 0.3 percent at 2,080.39. Shares in Southeast Asia were mostly higher. WALL STREET: The Nasdaq hit a fifth record-high close in a row, gaining 11.83 points, or 0.2 percent, to 5,563.65. The Dow Jones industrial average rose 98.75 points, or 0.5 percent, to 19,954.28. The S&P 500 index added 6.42 points, or 0.3 percent, to 2,275.32. TRUMP NEWS: Trump's first news conference in nearly six months was an anti-climax, with scant details on his plans for infrastructure spending and tax reforms. Trump attacked U.S. intelligence services and big pharmaceutical companies, instead of outlining his platform. His comment that the government should change bidding procedures for the pharmaceutical industry "because they're getting away with murder," drove health care stocks lower THE QUOTE: "It is what he didn't mention - fiscal stimulus " that worries market participants. The U.S. dollar rally was based on the assumption that Trump's administration will push through a massive infrastructure building and fiscal stimulus package, which will lead to higher inflation in the future," said Margaret Yang Yan, market analyst with CMC Markets in Singapore. "The slump in the U.S. dollar index last night indicated that assumption is now unwinding because the president-elect never even mentioned that key word 'stimulus'." ENERGY: Benchmark crude oil dipped 8 cents to $52.17 a barrel. It rose $1.43, or 2.8 percent, to close at $52.25 a barrel in New York on Wednesday. Brent crude, which is used to price oil sold internationally, fell 2 cents to $55.08. CURRENCIES: The dollar fell to 114.74 yen from 115.43 on Wednesday. The euro rose to $1.0603 from $1.0576. AP This story has been automatically published from the Associated Press wire which uses US spellings Email Print Get the news delivered straight to your inbox Receive the day’s news, sport and entertainment in our daily email newsletter SIGN UP NOW Loading Currency Compare and convert world currencies. Discover more Loading Loading Herald Services Book your ad Driven Photos for sale True Commercial Death Notices Public Notices Our Regional News Stories The Northern Advocate Why we should welcome tourists Kiwis are renowned for our hospitality, and it's a character trait we take pride in. Aside… Hawke's Bay Today Injured boys flown to Hawke's Bay Hospital One boy suffered head injuries and second a broken leg in the incidents. Bay of Plenty Times Naked Tauranga theatre awaits arrival of new seats Tauranga's Baycourt Theatre is only days away from losing its reputation as an uncomfortable… Our Features' Top Stories Driven Mercedes-Benz updates its GLA range of SUVs Mercedes-Benz updates its compact luxury SUV range of GLA models, becoming available… Viva Best celebrity beauty looks From Sienna Miller to Emma Stone, our favourite celebrity beauty looks this week True Commercial Positive - with cautionary notes Heads of commercial agencies are generally upbeat about 2017 but... Says Colin Taylor More from us Social and Platforms Facebook Twitter Google+ Youtube Instagram RSS Email Mobile Contact the site Contact the newsroom - newspaper Contact the newsroom - digital Send pics, video and tips Help & Support Feedback Advertising Advertise with NZME. Print advertising Online Classified advertising Other Photo sales Subscriber services Promotions Sponsorship About us Our publications Search Legal Privacy Policy Terms of Use Competition Terms & Conditions View on our: Mobile Site © Copyright 2017, NZME. Publishing Limited Assembled by: (static) on production bpcf05 at 16 Jan 2017 14:51:18 Processing Time: 410ms
Asian shares mixed after Trump offers scant policy details - CBS46 News Member Center: Create Account| Log In Manage Account| Log Out SITE SEARCHWEB SEARCH BY Local News Crime Cobb DeKalb Fulton Gwinnett Other Counties Georgia Politics US and World News North Georgia drought and wildfires Traffic Gas Prices Web Links News Tips WeatheRate & 3° Guarantee 7-Day Forecast Hourly Forecast Weekend Forecast Photo Friday Current Temperatures Interactive Map Live Radar Weather Maps Daily Pollen Count Weather Cams with Radar School Closings Download the CBS46 Weather App Photos CBS46 Live Stream Watch CBS Shows Metro Atlanta HD Live Look Cams Better Call Harry Videos Ticket Tuesday Positively Georgia CBS46 Cares Books to Kids Events Atlanta Falcons Atlanta Braves Atlanta Hawks SEC College Sports News Meet the Staff Program Schedule Watch CBS Shows Peachtree TV CBS46 Deals Job openings Internships Contests Closed Captioning Connect With CBS46 Print Asian shares mixed after Trump offers scant policy details Posted: Wednesday, January 11, 2017 10:23 AM EST Updated: Wednesday, January 11, 2017 10:13 PM EST NationalMore>> Central US Ice storm falls short of dire forecasts Central US Ice storm falls short of dire forecasts Updated: Sunday, January 15 2017 8:36 PM EST2017-01-16 01:36:37 GMT A third wave of sleet and drizzle could hit parts of the central U.S. on the eve of the holiday, and temperatures threaten to stay near or below freezing and add to the treacherous mix.More > Sleet and drizzle glazed swaths of the central U.S. on Sunday, extending icy weather that some meteorologists acknowledged fell short of dire forecasts.More > Thousands rally to resist Republican health law repeal drive Thousands rally to resist Republican health law repeal drive Updated: Sunday, January 15 2017 8:06 PM EST2017-01-16 01:06:17 GMT Thousands of people are showing up for a rally in suburban Detroit where U.S. Sen. Bernie Sanders will speak in support of President Barack Obama's signature health care law.More > Thousands of people showed up in freezing temperatures on Sunday in Michigan to hear Sen. Bernie Sanders denounce Republican efforts to repeal President Barack Obama's health care law, one of dozens of rallies...More > PBS: No 'red flag' on funding under Trump, but it's early PBS: No 'red flag' on funding under Trump, but it's early Updated: Sunday, January 15 2017 7:56 PM EST2017-01-16 00:56:15 GMT PBS is waiting, but not quietly, to see what the Trump administration's impact on public broadcasting and its federal funding may be, PBS chief executive Paula Kerger said.More > PBS is waiting, but not quietly, to see what the Trump administration's impact on public broadcasting and its federal funding may be, PBS chief executive Paula Kerger said.More > 3 Nevada Democrats want ex-senator statue out of US Capitol 3 Nevada Democrats want ex-senator statue out of US Capitol Updated: Sunday, January 15 2017 3:36 PM EST2017-01-15 20:36:11 GMT Three Democratic congressional representatives are asking state lawmakers to act to remove a statue of former Nevada senator from the U.S. Capitol's Statuary Hall, alleging that he left a "legacy of racism,...More > Three Democratic congressional representatives are asking state lawmakers to act to remove a statue of former Nevada senator from the U.S. Capitol's Statuary Hall, alleging that he left a "legacy of racism,...More > Love it or hate it, people have opinions on the circus Love it or hate it, people have opinions on the circus Updated: Sunday, January 15 2017 3:26 PM EST2017-01-15 20:26:04 GMT Reaction to news that the Ringling Bros. and Barnum & Bailey Circus was closing after 146 years - from saddened celebrities to elated animal rights advocates - flew as fast as a flying trapeze.More > Reaction to news that the Ringling Bros. and Barnum & Bailey Circus was closing after 146 years - from saddened celebrities to elated animal rights advocates - flew as fast as a flying trapeze.More > Chicago police officer fatally shoots fleeing gunman Chicago police officer fatally shoots fleeing gunman Updated: Sunday, January 15 2017 12:15 PM EST2017-01-15 17:15:58 GMT A police officer confronted by a fleeing gunman suspected of shooting three people fatally shot the man early Sunday, Chicago police said.More > A police officer confronted by a fleeing gunman suspected of shooting three people fatally shot the man early Sunday, Chicago police said.More > The Latest: Kansas, Missouri, Oklahoma deal with icy weather The Latest: Kansas, Missouri, Oklahoma deal with icy weather Updated: Sunday, January 15 2017 11:46 AM EST2017-01-15 16:46:58 GMT The Latest on ice storms in the central U.S. (all times local):More > The Latest on ice storms in the central U.S. (all times local):More > Nowhere left to run away to: The final days of the circus Nowhere left to run away to: The final days of the circus Updated: Sunday, January 15 2017 10:45 AM EST2017-01-15 15:45:59 GMT Goodbye to death-defying feats - daring young men (and women) on the flying trapeze, whip-wielding lion tamers, human cannonballs. Goodbye to the scent of peanuts and popcorn, the thrill of three rings, the jaunty...More > Goodbye to death-defying feats - daring young men (and women) on the flying trapeze, whip-wielding lion tamers, human cannonballs. Goodbye to the scent of peanuts and popcorn, the thrill of three rings, the jaunty...More > Quaker group marks centennial with 'Waging Peace' exhibit Quaker group marks centennial with 'Waging Peace' exhibit Updated: Sunday, January 15 2017 8:25 AM EST2017-01-15 13:25:54 GMT The American Friends Service Committee is celebrating 100 years of nonviolent activism with an exhibition, "Waging Peace," that showcases the group's accomplishments while also illustrating work that remains to...More > The American Friends Service Committee is celebrating 100 years of nonviolent activism with an exhibition, "Waging Peace," that showcases the group's accomplishments while also illustrating work that remains to be done.More > Secret WWI telegram holds lessons for today, historians say Secret WWI telegram holds lessons for today, historians say Updated: Sunday, January 15 2017 8:16 AM EST2017-01-15 13:16:59 GMT In a secret telegram a century ago, Germany tried to get Mexico to join its side during World War I by offering it territory in the United States. Britain intercepted, deciphered and shared the "Zimmermann Telegram."More > In a secret telegram a century ago, Germany tried to get Mexico to join its side during World War I by offering it territory in the United States. Britain intercepted, deciphered and shared the "Zimmermann Telegram."More >    By EILEEN NG Associated Press KUALA LUMPUR, Malaysia (AP) - Asian shares were mixed Thursday following President-elect Donald Trump's press conference. Trump offered scant details on policies, disappointing investors hoping for a clearer sense of his plans for trade and economic stimulus. KEEPING SCORE: Japan's benchmark Nikkei 225 shed 0.9 percent to 19,192.76. Hong Kong's Hang Seng dipped 0.1 percent to 22,916.85, and the Shanghai Composite was also down 0.1 percent at 3,133.80. Australia's S&P/ASX 200 added 0.2 percent to 5,784.40 and South Korea's Kospi gained 0.3 percent at 2,080.39. Shares in Southeast Asia were mostly higher. WALL STREET: The Nasdaq hit a fifth record-high close in a row, gaining 11.83 points, or 0.2 percent, to 5,563.65. The Dow Jones industrial average rose 98.75 points, or 0.5 percent, to 19,954.28. The S&P 500 index added 6.42 points, or 0.3 percent, to 2,275.32. TRUMP NEWS: Trump's first news conference in nearly six months was an anti-climax, with scant details on his plans for infrastructure spending and tax reforms. Trump attacked U.S. intelligence services and big pharmaceutical companies, instead of outlining his platform. His comment that the government should change bidding procedures for the pharmaceutical industry "because they're getting away with murder," drove health care stocks lower THE QUOTE: "It is what he didn't mention - fiscal stimulus - that worries market participants. The U.S. dollar rally was based on the assumption that Trump's administration will push through a massive infrastructure building and fiscal stimulus package, which will lead to higher inflation in the future," said Margaret Yang Yan, market analyst with CMC Markets in Singapore. "The slump in the U.S. dollar index last night indicated that assumption is now unwinding because the president-elect never even mentioned that key word 'stimulus'." ENERGY: Benchmark crude oil dipped 8 cents to $52.17 a barrel. It rose $1.43, or 2.8 percent, to close at $52.25 a barrel in New York on Wednesday. Brent crude, which is used to price oil sold internationally, fell 2 cents to $55.08. CURRENCIES: The dollar fell to 114.74 yen from 115.43 on Wednesday. The euro rose to $1.0603 from $1.0576. Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed. News Video Weather Photos Station Meet the Staff Program Schedule Job Openings Online Public File Closed Captioning Childrens Programming FCC EEO Public File Report Public File Contact All content © 2000- 2017 WGCL-TV. All Rights Reserved. For more information on this site, please read our Privacy Policy, and Terms of Service, and Ad Choices.
BUSINESS Stocks close up; drug firms dive after Trump says they're 'getting away with murder' New York Stock Exchange Mark Lennihan / Associated Press The New York Stock Exchange building in Lower Manhattan. The New York Stock Exchange building in Lower Manhattan. (Mark Lennihan / Associated Press) Associated Press Energy companies led U.S. stocks modestly higher Wednesday, nudging the Nasdaq composite index to its fifth record-high close in a row. Rising crude oil prices gave energy companies a boost, including oil rig operator Transocean, which rose 4%. Traders also bid up shares in utilities. Healthcare stocks fell after President-elect Donald Trump spoke about the need for the government to stem drug costs by creating new bidding procedures. The stock market spent much of the day wavering between small gains and losses as investors sized up outlooks from several companies ahead of the latest batch of corporate earnings reports. “The heavy load comes in the coming weeks,” said Tim Dreiling, regional investment director for U.S. Bank's Private Client Reserve. “There's a little bit of a wait-and-see on what those earnings numbers look like.” The Dow Jones industrial average rose 98.75 points, or 0.5%, to 19,954.28. The Standard & Poor's 500 index advanced 6.42 points, or 0.3%, to 2,275.32. The Nasdaq gained 11.83 points, or 0.2%, to 5,563.65. The index has risen every day this year. During a news conference Wednesday morning, Trump said the government has to create new bidding procedures for the pharmaceutical industry “because they're getting away with murder.” The remarks sent healthcare stocks broadly lower, particularly pharmaceutical companies’ shares. At one point, drugmakers and one prescription drug distributor accounted for the nine biggest losers in the S&P 500. Pharmaceutical company Endo International led the decliners in the S&P 500 index, sliding 8.5% to $14.01. Perrigo slid 6.9% to $77.88. Mallinckrodt slumped 6.2% to $50.44. Not all drugmakers had a bad day. Merck rose 2.9% to $61.63 on news that the Food and Drug Administration will do a quick review of one of the company's drugs for its potential to treat a type of lung cancer. Big U.S. companies start reporting fourth-quarter earnings this week. On Friday, JPMorgan Chase, Wells Fargo and Bank of America are to release their results. “As we look into 2017, we still expect equities are going to be able to grind higher, because we still have enough of an economic push to do that,” Dreiling said. “But a move up in equities is going to have to come from earnings. Otherwise, these valuations look pretty stretched, pretty rich at these levels.” Investors had their eye Wednesday on companies that released earnings or forecasts of their upcoming quarterly results. SuperValu slid 7.5% to $4.43 after the grocery store operator announced a weak third-quarter profit, partly because of falling food prices. Read more: Why cheaper food in 2016 was not necessarily good news » Traders bid up shares in several companies that projected strong fourth-quarter results. Intuitive Surgical climbed 2.4% to $678.16, and medical device maker Stryker advanced 1.4% to $123.66. Quarterly outlooks from other companies failed to impress investors. Signet Jewelers cut its profit forecast for the fourth quarter and current fiscal year, noting its sales fell 5% over the holidays. The stock fell 3.2% to $84.70. Auto parts supplier BorgWarner slid 1.6% to $40.12 after it issued a profit and sales forecast that fell short of what Wall Street was anticipating. Oil prices rose: Benchmark U.S. crude climbed $1.43, or 2.8%, to $52.25 a barrel. Brent crude, which is used to price oil sold internationally, rose $1.46, or 2.7%, to $55.10 a barrel. Wholesale gasoline rose 5 cents to $1.59 a gallon, and heating oil rose 4 cents to $1.65 a gallon. Natural gas futures fell 5 cents to $3.22 per 1,000 cubic feet. Bond prices rose. The yield on the 10-year Treasury note fell to 2.36% from Tuesday's 2.38%. The dollar fell to 115.43 yen from 115.73 yen. The euro rose to $1.0576 from $1.0560. The pound, which has been declining amid concern that Britain might break completely from the European Union's single market, gained ground on the dollar, rising to $1.2208 from $1.2163. Gold rose $11.10 to $1,196.60 an ounce. Silver fell 2 cents to $16.83 an ounce. Copper was little changed at $2.61 a pound. Germany's DAX rose 0.5%, while France's CAC 40 was essentially flat. Britain's FTSE 100 gained 0.2%. A strong earnings forecast from Samsung Electronics helped drive gains on the South Korean stock market, where the Kospi rose 1.5% to its highest close in more than a year. Japan's benchmark Nikkei 225 rose 0.3%. Australia's S&P/ASX 200 added 0.2%. Hong Kong's Hang Seng gained 0.8%.  Caption Weekend Roundup: 7 stories you can't miss What values does Hollywood promote? A storm that hit Northern California toppled the Pioneer Cabin Tree. Who should discipline police officers? Michelle King has made no big waves in her first year running Los Angeles Unified. A state watchdog agency is investigating political donations connected to real estate developer Samuel Leung. The Chargers are moving to L.A. Obama's legacy: part 1. California’s drought conditions have improved in the northern part of the state. What values does Hollywood promote? A storm that hit Northern California toppled the Pioneer Cabin Tree. Who should discipline police officers? Michelle King has made no big waves in her first year running Los Angeles Unified. A state watchdog agency is investigating political donations connected to real estate developer Samuel Leung. The Chargers are moving to L.A. Obama's legacy: part 1. California’s drought conditions have improved in the northern part of the state. Caption Weekend Roundup: 7 stories you can't miss What values does Hollywood promote? A storm that hit Northern California toppled the Pioneer Cabin Tree. Who should discipline police officers? Michelle King has made no big waves in her first year running Los Angeles Unified. A state watchdog agency is investigating political donations connected to real estate developer Samuel Leung. The Chargers are moving to L.A. Obama's legacy: part 1. California’s drought conditions have improved in the northern part of the state. What values does Hollywood promote? A storm that hit Northern California toppled the Pioneer Cabin Tree. Who should discipline police officers? Michelle King has made no big waves in her first year running Los Angeles Unified. A state watchdog agency is investigating political donations connected to real estate developer Samuel Leung. The Chargers are moving to L.A. Obama's legacy: part 1. California’s drought conditions have improved in the northern part of the state. Caption 90 seconds: 4 stories you can't miss The Chargers are moving to L.A., Obama's legacy: part 1, California’s drought conditions have improved in the northern part of the state, and Sean McVay, the new Los Angeles Rams coach, becomes the youngest NFL head coach in modern history. The Chargers are moving to L.A., Obama's legacy: part 1, California’s drought conditions have improved in the northern part of the state, and Sean McVay, the new Los Angeles Rams coach, becomes the youngest NFL head coach in modern history. Caption Laurel Canyon mudslide Video by Al Seib / Los Angeles Times Video by Al Seib / Los Angeles Times Caption Raw video: Surveillance video of fatal LAPD shooting of 16-year-old The family of 16-year-old Jose Mendez, who was fatally shot by the LAPD last year, released surveillance video of the February 2016 shooting. The family of 16-year-old Jose Mendez, who was fatally shot by the LAPD last year, released surveillance video of the February 2016 shooting. Caption 90 seconds: 4 stories you can't miss Donald Trump's independent streak was on vivid display at Wednesday's news conference. Is the great California drought finally calling it quits? Michelle King has made no big waves in her first year running Los Angeles Unified. A state watchdog agency is investigating political donations connected to real estate developer Samuel Leung. Donald Trump's independent streak was on vivid display at Wednesday's news conference. Is the great California drought finally calling it quits? Michelle King has made no big waves in her first year running Los Angeles Unified. A state watchdog agency is investigating political donations connected to real estate developer Samuel Leung. ALSO American Apparel is sold at auction to Canada's Gildan Activewear Snapchat maker Snap dodges uproar — and maybe taxes — with London office Frank Gehry's $1-billion downtown project could finally be a go after infusion of Chinese capital UPDATES: 2:25 p.m.: This article was updated with closing prices, context and analyst comment. 9:35 a.m.: This article was updated with market prices and context. This article was originally published at 7 a.m. Privacy Policy Copyright © 2017, Los Angeles Times Pharmaceutical Industry Drugs and Medicines Donald Trump NASDAQ European Union Samsung Group Wells Fargo How these Los Angeles-born pink hats became a worldwide symbol of the anti-Trump women's march Race is an integral part of Obama's story, and he embraced its complexity Some malls are banning teens amid disturbances and unruly gatherings fueled by social media Most Popular Local Sports Entertainment Politics Opinion Place An Ad 61°
Sections Sections Top Stories Watch U.S. World Politics Lifestyle Entertainment Health Tech Investigative Sports Weather Shows Shows Good Morning America World News Tonight Nightline 20/20 This Week Live Live Winter Storm Moving Across the Central US Kittens Play in 'Dorm Cam' in Los Angeles Skiers Hit the Slopes in Copper Mountain, Colo. View of the Sydney Opera House in Sydney Harbour Local Local New York City Los Angeles Chicago Philadelphia San Francisco - Oakland - San Jose Houston Durham - Raleigh - Fayetteville Fresno More abc.com espn.com fivethirtyeight.com disney.com theundefeated.com Privacy Policy Your CA Privacy Rights Children's Online Privacy Policy Interest-Based Ads Terms of Use Contact Us Yahoo!-ABC News Network | © 2017 ABC News Internet Ventures. All rights reserved. Search Menu ABC News Log In U.S. World Politics Lifestyle Entertainment Health … … Entertainment Health Tech Investigative Sports Weather More ABCNews Cities Cities New York City New York City Los Angeles Los Angeles Chicago Chicago Philadelphia Philadelphia San Francisco - Oakland - San Jose San Francisco - Oakland - San Jose Houston Houston Durham - Raleigh - Fayetteville Durham - Raleigh - Fayetteville Fresno Fresno Partner Sites Partner Sites abc.com abc.com espn.com espn.com fivethirtyeight.com fivethirtyeight.com disney.com disney.com theundefeated.com theundefeated.com Privacy PolicyPrivacy Policy Your CA Privacy RightsYour CA Privacy Rights Children's Online Privacy PolicyChildren's Online Privacy Policy Interest-Based AdsInterest-Based Ads Terms of UseTerms of Use Contact UsContact Us Yahoo!-ABC News Network | © 2017 ABC News Internet Ventures. All rights reserved. Shows Good Morning America Good Morning America World News Tonight World News Tonight Nightline Nightline 20/20 20/20 This Week This Week Live Watch Markets Right Now: Stocks End a Wobbly Day With Solid Gains By The Associated Press NEW YORK  Jan 11, 2017, 4:10 PM ET 0 Shares Email Star 0 Shares Email The latest on developments in financial markets (All times local): 4:00 p.m. The stock market ended an up-and-down day with solid gains, led by energy companies as the price of crude oil climbed. Transocean, an oil rig operator, rose 4 percent Wednesday. Health care stocks fell after President-elect Donald Trump said the government needs to overhaul how it buys drugs from pharmaceutical companies. Many of the biggest losses in the Standard & Poor's 500 index went to drugmakers. Endo International plunged 8.5 percent. Despite those drops, the Nasdaq composite posted another gain and another all-time high. The index has risen every day this year. The S&P 500 climbed 6 points, or 0.3 percent, to 2,275. The Dow Jones industrial average rose 98 points, or 0.5 percent, to 19,954. The Nasdaq composite increased 11 points, or 0.2 percent, to 5,563. ——— 11:45 a.m. Stocks gave up most of an early gain on Wall Street and were little changed by midday. Drugmakers dropped in late morning trading Wednesday after President-elect Donald Trump called for efforts to reduce the government's spending on drugs. The Nasdaq Biotechnology index dropped 2.7 percent in midday trading following Trump's comments at a news conference. It was little changed shortly before. AbbVie dropped 2.3 percent and Pfizer lost 2.2 percent. The Standard & Poor's 500 index was little changed at 2,269. The Dow Jones industrial average rose 42 points, or 0.2 percent, to 19,896. The Nasdaq composite fell 5 points, or 0.1 percent, to 5,546. Bond prices rose. The yield on the 10-year Treasury note fell to 2.36 percent. ——— 9:35 a.m. Stocks are getting off to a mixed start on Wall Street as investors look ahead to the start of corporate earnings reports later this week. Health care and utilities stocks are higher in early trading Wednesday, but banks and phone companies fell. Drugmaker Merck jumped 5 percent on news that regulators will do a quick review of one of its cancer drugs. Big U.S. companies start reporting fourth-quarter earnings this week. On Friday JPMorgan Chase, Wells Fargo and Bank of America release their results. The Dow Jones industrial average rose 20 points, or 0.1 percent, to 19,874. The Standard & Poor's 500 index slipped 1 point to 2,267. The Nasdaq composite fell 2 points, or 0.1 percent, to 5,549. 0 Shares Email Star Comments Markets Right Now: Stocks End a Wobbly Day With Solid Gains " Reince Priebus Calls John Lewis' Criticism of Trump 'Irresponsible' " CIA Director Warns Trump: Be 'Very Disciplined' With Public Remarks " Meet Thumbelina, a Tiny Chihuahua Who Weighs Only 1.54 Pounds " 8-Year-Old Battling Cancer Gets Birthday Wish to See Amazon Facility " Twin's Mom Reacts to Emotional Reunion: 'It Didn't Feel Real' " Man Finds Forgotten Lotto Ticket, Wins $1 Million " Newlyweds Nail Iconic 'Dirty Dancing' Routine at Wedding " 2 Women Share How They Collectively Lost 100s of Pounds " Americans Think Obama, Kennedy, Reagan Gave Best Inaugural Speeches " Standing in for the Incoming President and First Lady at Inauguration Rehearsal " Jennifer Holliday Pulls Out of Trump's Inauguration After Backlash President Obama's Inauguration Day Plans " 5 Takeaways From Scathing Department of Justice Report on Chicago Policing " When Working 2 Fast Food Jobs, 16 Hours a Day Still Isn't Enough " Paris Jackson Pleased, 'Surprised' Network Canceled Michael Jackson Episode
About Future Staff Contact Privacy Policy Search for: Select Press Releases Home / Press Releases / Future of Global Travel Vaccines Market: 2015 to 2021 Future of Global Travel Vaccines Market: 2015 to 2021 Posted on January 11, 2017 by ReleaseWire - Latest Press Releases in Press Releases Conceptual image of a businessman holding big hammer The driving factors for the growth of this market include increase in awareness about vaccine preventable diseases and rise in global travel traffic. New York, NY — (SBWIRE) — 01/11/2017 — Health related complications are greater in developing countries and rural areas because of dissimilarities in sanitary conditions, available food and water bases. The immunization Practices Advisory Committee of the Center for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC) mentions that travelers should be up-to-date on routine immunizations, irrespective of travel plans. The target population for the travel vaccines market include outbound travelers. The travel vaccines for the prevention of hepatitis A, hepatitis B, yellow fever, tetanus, poliomyelitis, meningococcal disease, typhoid fever are manufactured by leading market players namely Sanofi Pasteur, Merck, Novartis and GlaxoSmithKline. Among these aforementioned companies, Sanofi Pasteur and GSK are the notable players in the travel vaccines market that accounts for approximately 85% of total market. Recently in March 2014, Sanofi Pasteur, the vaccines segment of Sanofi announced its long term strategic collaboration with SK Chemicals Company to develop pneumococcal conjugate vaccine (PCV). A Sample of this Report is Available Upon Request @ http://www.persistencemarketresearch.com/samples/5753 The driving factors for the growth of this market include increase in awareness about vaccine preventable diseases and rise in global travel traffic. Moreover, innovation of novel vaccine technologies and technological advancements towards molecular genetics is further boosting the growth of market in coming years. However, requirement of expertise for the production of vaccines and unfavorable healthcare funding towards vaccination could pose a challenge for the growth this market. Geographically, North America will be the leading market for global travel vaccines market, followed by Europe and Asia-Pacific. The major contributing factors for North America to lead the market include involvement of large number of companies in the production of vaccines and introduction of superior range of vaccines in the market. However, Asia-Pacific market is forecast to grow at a significant growth rate in coming years. To View TOC of this Report is Available Upon Request @ http://www.persistencemarketresearch.com/toc/5753 The leading players of this market include GlaxoSmithKline, Sanofi Pasteur, Merck, Novartis, and Pfizer. Other key participants of this market include ALK – Abello A/S, Bavarian Nordic A/S, Crucell N.V., CSL Ltd. Medimmune Inc. and Vaxin Inc. For more information on this press release visit: http://www.sbwire.com/press-releases/future-of-global-travel-vaccines-market-2015-to-2021-758053.htm Media Relations Contact Rahul Singh Marketing Manager Persistence Market Research Pvt. Ltd Telephone: 800-961-0353 Email: Click to Email Rahul Singh Web: http://www.persistencemarketresearch.com/market-research/travel-vaccines-market.asp Latest News Global Solar Council Releases Inaugural Quarterly Report Innovations, Historic Aviation Among Highlights of EAA AirVenture Oshkosh 2017 BOSS Accounting Outsourcing Specialists New Special Offer Rates Give Businesses Up to 71% Savings INVESTOR ALERT: Faruqi &amp; Faruqi, LLP Encourages Investors Who Suffered Losses in Excess of $100,000 Investing in TerraVia Holdings, Inc. to Contact the Firm Before Imminent Lead Plaintiff Deadline A Frogs Life TDSi Appoints New Distribution Channel Manager TM DEVELOPMENT JOINS STROKE CONTRARY TO STARVATION Certxpert.Com Offers EC-Council CEH Certification Exam at Affordable Price Go Live UK Announces the Successful Launch of the Redesigned Property Rescue Website My Design Station adds personal touch to wedding products. © 2015 SSUChronicle. All rights reserved. Top Optimization WordPress Plugins & Solutions by W3 EDGE
Xconomy Xperience EXOME National Regions Channels Events Boston Angel Investors → EXOME all the information, none of the junk | biotech • healthcare • life sciences Want EXOME sent to you daily? Meet the Contributors → At Allergan And Other Pharmas, Price Transparency Has Limits Alex Lash January 11th, 2017 @alexlash @xconomy Like Us Xconomy National —  The first test of pharmaceutical giant Allergan’s promise to behave responsibly came last week. The firm acknowledged price hikes on several drugs that stayed—sometimes barely—under the 10 percent limit that CEO Brent Saunders pledged last September, in what he called a “social contract with patients.” In an interview at the annual J.P. Morgan healthcare investment conference in San Francisco, Saunders reiterated that the high single-digit price hikes would only bring Allergan (NYSE: AGN) a two or three percent net increase in revenues after middlemen like Express Scripts (NYSE: ESRX) and CVS Health (NYSE: CVS), called pharmacy benefit managers, negotiate discounts and rebates. Saunders also said that price transparency—explaining the factors that determine a drug’s cost—was an important part of regaining trust for an industry whose public reputation has scraped bottom for years. He chided other drug makers, particularly Biogen (NASDAQ: BIIB), which announced in December a $750,000 first-year price tag for nusinersen (Spinraza), a treatment for the rare disease spinal muscular atrophy. “Don’t just put the price out there without context,” he said. Nusinersen might provide value greater than the price tag, but without the justification, he said, “it looks ridiculous. We’re missing a common-sense gene in this industry.” (When asked to explain nusinersen’s price last month, Biogen spokesman Matt Fearer told Xconomy that the company balanced “a number of important factors, including its clinical value, its impact to patients and the health care system as a whole, and the need for Biogen to fund further research and development to make the next innovation possible.”) Saunders said Allergan would explain in detail the rationale behind list prices of newly launched drugs as they arrive. But transparency has its limits for Saunders and other pharma groups who were in town for the annual gathering. Saunders said Allergan would not reveal real-world prices, which drug companies negotiate in secret with insurers and their purchasing agents. One common estimate is that actual prices are, on average, 30 percent below list prices for private insurance plans. When presented with estimated figures, drug companies refuse to disclose actual prices, as Bloomberg reported last summer. Revealing the discounts that stem from negotiations with middlemen “would put us at a tremendous competitive disadvantage,” Saunders said. “We’d sign on only if everyone did it.” After Xconomy spoke with Saunders, Johnson & Johnson said it would soon publish the average increase in list prices for its products, as well as the average price after rebates—but, like Allergan, not the true costs of individual drugs. Speaking on a conference panel Tuesday, Merck executive vice president Julie Gerberding, former director of the U.S. Centers for Disease Control and Prevention, said that the pricing system for drugs and other healthcare products was “capricious and obfuscated.” But she sided with Allergan and Merck, saying that revealing real-world prices for individual drugs would only benefit companies if there was “transparency across the board.” Saunders made headlines last year when he wrote that Allergan, one of the drug industry’s most aggressive acquirers, would only raise prices once a year and only make single-digit increases. His company is best known for the cosmetic drug botulinum (Botox) that also has several therapeutic uses. It also has substantial businesses in eye treatments, gastrointestinal disease, mood disorders, and women’s health. Headquartered in Ireland for tax purposes, the company is mainly based in the U.S. It turned a $15 billion profit in 2015 and $10.7 billion profit in the first three quarters of 2016. A few other companies were also “more or less exercising self-restraint” with similar increases, he said this week, citing new price data released last week by several analysts. Saunders was asked if the new pledge will require Allergan to expand its pipeline more aggressively and spread those smaller, once-a-year increases among more products to keep the income flowing. “With few exceptions, the social contract has nothing to do with how we think about R&D,” Saunders said. “If we do our job right and source innovation for true unmet medical need, and we price the value of those medicines appropriately at launch, the social contract shouldn’t be an issue.” Allergan has grown through a series of massive deals, although the biggest of all—its $160 billion merger with Pfizer (NYSE: PFE)—died before consummation last year. Saunders was widely considered to be the CEO-in-waiting of the combined company. Before the merger was scuttled, Allergan began more pointedly touting its innovative side, not through a big internal research effort, but by partnering with smaller biotechs. This year and last year it has gathered biotech venture capitalists at J.P. Morgan to remind them of its potential acquisition interests. Allergan last year made a big push into non-alcoholic steatohepatitis, an advanced form of liver disease, last year with the purchase of clinical-stage Tobira Therapeutics and preclinical Akarna Therapeutics. New drugs from Allergan and competitors, if approved, could command premium pricing because of the growing number of advanced cases—often requiring liver transplant—driven by obesity and diabetes. Two more deals Allergan announced Monday also showed a willingness to make selective investments in early-stage work. In one deal, Allergan took an option to buy Lysosomal Therapeutics, a developer following relatively new biological clues to develop a drug for Parkinson’s disease. At ths year’s breakfast, attendees had as many questions about Allergan’s pricing stance and the outlook under a Trump administration and Republican-led Congress. “To have a Republican-controlled government for the next four years, or perhaps just two, is a net positive for the industry,” said Saunders, citing favorable tax changes and … Next Page » Single PageCurrently on Page: 1 2 Alex Lash is Xconomy's National Biotech Editor. He is based in San Francisco. Follow @alexlash Share on Facebook Share on Twitter LinkedIn Email Reprints More from EXOME Notes From The JPM ’17 Vortex: Trump, Rainstorms & The Price You Pay Bio Roundup: Biogen Price Fears, A Grail Billion, Hellos, Byes & More Making the Price Right: Ideas To Change Drug Costs Gain Momentum Trending on Xconomy Cord Cutting: How to Get High-Speed Internet Service Without Cable Notes From The JPM ’17 Vortex: Trump, Rainstorms & The Price You Pay Xerox’s PARC Gets A New CEO: Tolga Kurtoglu Underwriters and Partners From Our Advertisers The 8 biggest challenges facing clinical trials today Explore the survey report of leading clinical professionals KNect365 Life Sciences The Fractured State of Sales Enablement & Training OnDemand Webinar Allego The Feed Tweets from https://twitter.com/Xconomy/lists/lifesci Home Privacy/DMCA Security Disclosures About Contact Us Archives Advertise Subscribe for Free Business, life sciences, and technology news — covering Boston, Seattle, San Diego, Detroit/Ann Arbor, San Francisco, New York, Raleigh-Durham, Boulder/Denver, Texas, Wisconsin, Indiana, and beyond. © 2007-2017, Xconomy, Inc. Xconomy is a registered service mark of Xconomy, Inc. All rights reserved. Website development support from Andrew Koyfman with design support from Rob Hunter.
Our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy have changed. By continuing to use this site, you are agreeing to the new Privacy Policy and Terms of Service. U.S. + International Business These 8 men are richer than 3.6 billion people combined World Access Companies Car News Interactives America's Choice 2016 CNNMoney Sport Player ROI Who is..? The Feed CNNMoney Investigates Your Money, Your Vote American Opportunity 5 Stunning Stats Growing India Markets Trump inauguration; Time for Davos; Wilbur Ross confirmation Investing Economy Buzz Fed Focus ETF Center Premarkets Market Movers Dow 30 After-Hours World Markets America's Debt & the Economy Before the Bell New Investor Investing Guide Fear & Greed Tech Microsoft unveils new, nicer chat bot Business Culture Gadgets Future Startups Powering Your World Agility in Action Upstarts Innovative Cities Unhackable 15 Questions Media Personal Finance Why it takes years to save for a down payment Save Spend Ahead Wheels Real Estate Careers Millennials & Money Your Money Homes Calculators Money Moves 24 Hours With Money Essentials My Watch List Loan Center Small Biz Comic book maker creates a female superhero for Puerto Rico Startups Empire Women Entrepreneurs Luxury Lexus unveils 885 horsepower yacht Style Away Rare Drive Wealth Rich Quiz The Collector A Gentleman's Guide Millionaire Calculator Log In Log Out Before the Bell Trump faces the press; Rex Tillerson faces the Senate; Pet food takeover by Alanna Petroff   @AlannaPetroff January 11, 2017: 5:29 AM ET Click chart for in-depth premarket data. 1. Trump faces the press: President-elect Donald Trump is set to hold his first press conference since July. Investors are hoping Trump will provide more detail on his plans for trade, taxes, jobs and Obamacare. He canceled a previously scheduled press conference in December where he was expected to outline how he'd deal with conflicts of interest arising from his sprawling business dealings. Trump is also likely to face questions about allegations that Russian operatives claim to have compromising personal and financial information about him. His comments at the conference -- much like his tweets -- will be closely dissected and have the potential to move markets around the world. 2. Rex Tillerson's confirmation: The U.S. Senate will hold a hearing today on the nomination of former ExxonMobil (XOM) CEO Rex Tillerson to be the next secretary of state. The confirmation hearing around 9:15 a.m. ET is likely to focus on the oilman's relationship with Russian President Vladimir Putin. Tillerson is likely to be quizzed on climate change and energy policy as well. There's also a confirmation hearing scheduled on Wednesday for Elaine Chao, Trump's pick to lead the Transportation Department. Before the Bell newsletter: Key market news. In your inbox. Subscribe now! 3. Premarket movers -- Merck, ADM: Shares in drug company Merck (MRK) are getting a boost premarket after it revealed late Tuesday that the U.S. Food and Drug Administration is reviewing a license for a lung cancer treatment, Keytruda. It's going through an "accelerated approval" program. On the flip side, the agribusiness Archer Daniels Midland (ADM) is seeing shares fall premarket after the company announced it signed a deal to buy a Kansas-based pet-food producer Crosswind Industries. This is the second big pet-related takeover this week. Candy-bar maker Mars announced on Monday that it's buying VCA, a pet health care business, in a multi-billion dollar deal. 4. Stocks to watch -- Samsung, Volkswagen, Sainsbury: Shares in Samsung (SSNLF) performed well Wednesday despite news about its links to a growing corruption scandal. Prosecutors have named the heir to the Samsung empire as a suspect in a massive corruption scandal that has rocked South Korea. Samsung shares closed with a 2.8% gain. Volkswagen (VLKAY) stock is also buoyant in Germany after the automaker announced it's negotiating a settlement with the U.S. Justice Department that would require it to pay $4.3 billion in fines and plead guilty to criminal wrongdoing over its diesel emission scandal. Shares in J Sainsbury (JSAIY) are rallying in London after the grocery chain released a well-received business update for the holiday season. 5. Global market overview: U.S. stock futures are holding steady after a mixed trading day on Tuesday. The Nasdaq pushed to fresh record highs yesterday while the other two indexes didn't make many major moves. European trading is relatively muted right now while Asian markets are closing the day with mixed results. Download CNN MoneyStream for up-to-the-minute market data and news 6. Coming this week: Wednesday - Trump scheduled to give press conference; Tillerson confirmation hearing Thursday - Delta (DAL) earnings Friday - Bank of America (BAC), JPMorgan Chase (JPM) and Wells Fargo (WFC) report earnings CNNMoney (London) First published January 11, 2017: 5:29 AM ET Comments Social Surge - What's Trending Lexus unveils 885 horsepower yacht BuzzFeed editor: We're 'proud' to publish Trump memos It costs $233,610 to raise a child Newsletter Sponsored by Key market news. In your inbox. Every morning. Start your day right with the latest news driving global markets, from major stock movers and key economic headlines to important events on the calendar. Daily newsletter, Sunday through Friday. Privacy Policy Contact Us Advertise with Us User Preferences Closed Captioning Content Business Markets Investing Economy Tech Personal Finance Small Business Luxury Media Video Tools Site Map Interactive Job Search Real Estate Search Loan Center Calculators Corrections Market Data Alerts News Alerts Connect My Account Mobile Site & Apps Facebook Twitter LinkedIn YouTube RSS Feeds Newsletters Google+ Most stock quote data provided by BATS. Market indices are shown in real time, except for the DJIA, which is delayed by two minutes. All times are ET. Disclaimer. Morningstar: © 2016 Morningstar, Inc. All Rights Reserved. Factset: FactSet Research Systems Inc. 2016. All rights reserved. Chicago Mercantile Association: Certain market data is the property of Chicago Mercantile Exchange Inc. and its licensors. All rights reserved. Dow Jones: The Dow Jones branded indices are proprietary to and are calculated, distributed and marketed by DJI Opco, a subsidiary of S&P Dow Jones Indices LLC and have been licensed for use to S&P Opco, LLC and CNN. Standard & Poor's and S&P are registered trademarks of Standard & Poor’s Financial Services LLC and Dow Jones is a registered trademark of Dow Jones Trademark Holdings LLC. All content of the Dow Jones branded indices © S&P Dow Jones Indices LLC 2016 and/or its affiliates. © 2016 Cable News Network. A Time Warner Company. All Rights Reserved. Terms under which this service is provided to you. Privacy Policy. .
Newsroom Advertise News Alerts Weather School Closings (WJAC) My Account Search for: Select Home News Local News Top Stories National News International News Opinions Features Business News Election Marcellus Shale Health News Partner News Sports Local Sports National Sports PSU Sports News Spikes Obituaries Crime A & E Events Taste of Home Contest Classifieds Shop Weekly Circulars Grocery Coupons Gift Cards & More Half Off Deals Celebrations Celebrations Submission Clearfield-Lawrence Consolidation Home / News / Business News / Trump faces the press; Rex Tillerson faces the Senate; Pet food takeover Trump faces the press; Rex Tillerson faces the Senate; Pet food takeover Posted on Wednesday, January 11, 2017 by CNN in Business News 1. Trump faces the press: President-elect Donald Trump is set to hold his first press conference since July. Investors are hoping Trump will provide more detail on his plans for trade, taxes, jobs and Obamacare. He canceled a previously scheduled press conference in December where he was expected to outline how he’d deal with conflicts of interest arising from his sprawling business dealings. Trump is also likely to face questions about allegations that Russian operatives claim to have compromising personal and financial information about him. His comments at the conference — much like his tweets — will be closely dissected and have the potential to move markets around the world. 2. Rex Tillerson’s confirmation: The U.S. Senate will hold a hearing today on the nomination of former ExxonMobil CEO Rex Tillerson to be the next secretary of state. The confirmation hearing around 9:15 a.m. ET is likely to focus on the oilman’s relationship with Russian President Vladimir Putin. Tillerson is likely to be quizzed on climate change and energy policy as well. There’s also a confirmation hearing scheduled on Wednesday for Elaine Chao, Trump’s pick to lead the Transportation Department. 3. Premarket movers — Merck, ADM: Shares in drug company Merck are getting a boost premarket after it revealed late Tuesday that the U.S. Food and Drug Administration is reviewing a license for a lung cancer treatment, Keytruda. It’s going through an “accelerated approval” program. On the flip side, the agribusiness Archer Daniels Midland is seeing shares fall premarket after the company announced it signed a deal to buy a Kansas-based pet-food producer Crosswind Industries. This is the second big pet-related takeover this week. Candy-bar maker Mars announced on Monday that it’s buying VCA, a pet health care business, in a multi-billion dollar deal. 4. Stocks to watch — Samsung, Volkswagen, Sainsbury: Shares in Samsung performed well Wednesday despite news about its links to a growing corruption scandal. Prosecutors have named the heir to the Samsung empire as a suspect in a massive corruption scandal that has rocked South Korea. Samsung shares closed with a 2.8% gain. Volkswagen stock is also buoyant in Germany after the automaker announced it’s negotiating a settlement with the U.S. Justice Department that would require it to pay $4.3 billion in fines and plead guilty to criminal wrongdoing over its diesel emission scandal. Shares in J Sainsbury are rallying in London after the grocery chain released a well-received business update for the holiday season. 5. Global market overview: U.S. stock futures are holding steady after a mixed trading day on Tuesday. The Nasdaq pushed to fresh record highs yesterday while the other two indexes didn’t make many major moves. European trading is relatively muted right now while Asian markets are closing the day with mixed results. 6. Coming this week: Wednesday – Trump scheduled to give press conference; Tillerson confirmation hearing Thursday – Delta earnings Friday – Bank of America, JPMorgan Chase and Wells Fargo report earnings Airbus isn't giving up on its A380 superjumbo CCCTC Announces New HVAC/R Program Related Posts Playboy Mansion for sale No Super Bowl bump for Fitbit. Stock at all-time low Your data is not safe. Here’s how to lock it down New record for U.S.stocks…despite warnings Leave a Reply Cancel reply You must be logged in to post a comment. Jobs from Indeed What: Where: jobs by gantdaily.com Carambola © 2014 GantDaily.com. All rights reserved. About | Contact | Privacy Policy | Terms & Cond Top
▮ Home ▮ Business Latest Headlines Top Stories Breaking News Earnings Biotech Investors IPOs M&A Canadian UK Key Wallstreet Events ▮ Industry News Technology Software Banking Automotive Energy More ▮ Stock Alerts Active Traders Before the Bell $5 and under Intraday Updates After the Bell ▮ Corp. Calendars Dividends Stock Splits Buybacks Conference Calls ▮ Earnings Calendars Earnings Calendar Pos Pre-announcements Profit Warnings Positive Surprise Negative Surprise Latest Earnings ▮ FDA Calendars Drug Approvals Device Approvals Clinical Trial Calendar ▮ Ratings Changes Upgrades Downgrades Cov Initiations Cov. Reiterated ▮ Economy US Europe Asia Global Economic Calendar Economic Scorecard Fed Members ▮ Markets Morning Mkt Analysis US Commentary European Commentary Asian Commentary Canadian Commentary Indian Commentary Commodities Bonds Currencies ▮ Politics US World White House Elections Congress General News ▮ Forex FX Top Stories Currency Analysis Currency Alerts Economic Calendar Economic Scorecard ▮ Health Hot Topics Diet & Fitness Kids Health Men's Health Women's Health Cancer News Drug Development Mental Health ▮ Tech Hot Topics Gadgets & Games Mobile Green Tech ▮ Entertainment Top Stories TV News Movie News Slide Shows Game of Thrones ▮ Music news Pop Rock Classic Rock Rap/Hip-Hop Country Alternative Oldies All Genre ▮ Content Licensing Newswires & Feeds Content Syndication Digital Signage Services Radio News Services ▮ Premium Emerging Biostocks Under The Radar Short-Term Investor NewsStream Login ▮ More Free Content RSS Feeds Search ▮ Blog Political Science / Nature Fundamental Analysis ▮ Columns Science & Tech Arts & Leisure Politics & Policy Money Home Business Latest Headlines Top Stories Breaking News Earnings Biotech Investors IPOs M&A Canadian UK Key Wallstreet Events Industry News Technology Software Banking Automotive Energy More Stock Alerts Active Traders Before the Bell $5 and under Intraday Updates After the Bell Corp. Calendars Dividends Stock Splits Buybacks Conference Calls Earnings Calendars Earnings Calendar Pos Pre-announcements Profit Warnings Positive Surprise Negative Surprise Latest Earnings FDA Calendars Drug Approvals Device Approvals Clinical Trial Calendar Ratings Changes Upgrades Downgrades Cov Initiations Cov. Reiterated Economy US Europe Asia Global Economic Calendar Economic Scorecard Fed Members Markets Morning Mkt Analysis US Commentary European Commentary Asian Commentary Canadian Commentary Indian Commentary Commodities Bonds Currencies Politics US World White House Elections Congress General News Forex FX Top Stories Currency Analysis Currency Alerts Economic Calendar Economic Scorecard Health Hot Topics Diet & Fitness Kids Health Men's Health Women's Health Cancer News Drug Development Mental Health Tech Hot Topics Gadgets & Games Mobile Green Tech Entertainment Top Stories TV News Movie News Slide Shows Game of Thrones Music news Pop Rock Classic Rock Rap/Hip-Hop Country Alternative Oldies All Genre Content Licensing Newswires & Feeds Content Syndication Digital Signage Services Radio News Services Premium Emerging Biostocks Under The Radar Short-Term Investor NewsStream Login More Free Content RSS Feeds Search Blog Political Science / Nature Fundamental Analysis Columns Science & Tech Arts & Leisure Politics & Policy Money TODAY'S TOP STORIES   E-MAIL  SHARE FONT-SIZE    Tweet Share So Long DSCI, MRK Seeks New Use For Old Drug, VRX Does It Again, PSTI On Watch 1/11/2017 1:27 AM ET Coherus BioSciences Inc. (CHRS) on Tuesday reported positive results from part 2 of its phase III clinical study of CHS-1420, a biosimilar candidate to AbbVie's blockbuster drug, Humira, in psoriasis patients. The Part 2 of the study focused on maintenance of response through Week 24. This is a 3-part study and data from this study are scheduled to be presented at an upcoming scientific conference. The company currently anticipates filing the Biologic License Application for CHS-1420 in the first half of 2017. CHRS closed Tuesday's trading at $28.00, up 1.27%. Derma Sciences Inc. (DSCI) is all set to be acquired by Integra LifeSciences Holdings Corp. (IART) for $7.00 per share of common stock in cash or a total value of approximately $204 million. Integra will also offer $32.00 per share for Derma's outstanding shares of Series A Convertible Preferred Stock and $48.00 per share for its Series B Convertible Preferred Stock. The purchase price represents a 40% premium to Derma's share price at close on January 10, 2017. The transaction is expected to close in the first quarter of 2017. DSCI closed Tuesday's trading at $5.00, unchanged from the previous day's close. In after-hours, the stock was up 2% to $5.10. Merck's (MRK) supplemental Biologics License Application for KEYTRUDA in combination with chemotherapy for first-Line treatment of metastatic non-squamous non-small cell lung cancer has been accepted for priority review by the FDA. The regulatory agency's decision is set for May 10, 2017. KEYTRUDA is already approved for the treatment of metastatic melanoma, metastatic non-small cell lung cancer, and recurrent or metastatic head and neck squamous cell carcinoma. The drug brought home sales of $919 million in the first nine months of 2016, up 161% over the comparable year-ago period. MRK closed Tuesday's trading at $59.92, down 1.93%. Pluristem Therapeutics Inc.'s (PSTI) Phase III study of its PLX-PAD cells in the treatment of critical limb ischemia has been cleared by the FDA. The company expects to begin enrolling patients in the Phase III study in both the U.S. and Europe during the first half of 2017. The study will enroll about 250 patients with critical limb ischemia Rutherford Category 5 who are unsuitable for revascularization, and its primary endpoint is time to amputation or death. PSTI closed Tuesday's trading at $1.62, up 10.20%. Valeant Pharmaceuticals Intl Inc.'s (VRX) second confirmatory pivotal phase III trial of IDP-118 lotion in the treatment of plaque psoriasis has met the primary endpoint. The primary endpoint of the study was achievement of a "clear" to "almost clear" score and at least a 2 grade improvement based on an Investigator Global Assessment at 8 weeks, which IDP-118 successfully demonstrated. The treatment success rate at 8 weeks with IDP-118 is 35.76% compared to vehicle's 6.98%. Last month, Valeant announced results of its first phase III study of IDP-118 in moderate to severe psoriasis. In that study, IDP-118 showed statistical significance to vehicle with a treatment success rate at 8 weeks of 45.33% to 12.51%. VRX closed Tuesday's trading at $16.40, up 6.84%. by RTT Staff Writer For comments and feedback: editorial@rttnews.com Business News Trump Takes Power, Manufacturing In Focus -- Economic Preview For Week of January 16 Lazy, or Inefficient? These are the World's Least Productive Countries Universal Basic Income Back In Vogue More Top Stories Gainers & Losers Of The Day: DXCM, CYAD, SKLN, SSH... Stocks Close Mostly Higher But Dow Dips Slightly - U.S. Commentary House Approves Resolution Setting Up Repeal Of Obamacare Takata Execs Face Criminal Charges In Airbag Scandal Apple To Face Lawsuit Over App Monopoly Allegations Few Americans Support Full Obamacare Repeal DBRS Downgrades Long-Term Ratings On Italy's Debt GOP Congressman Threatens To Subpoena Ethics Watchdog Critical Of Trump George Soros Lost Nearly $1 Bln. After Trump Win: Report Stocks Remain Mostly Positive In Mid-Day Trading - U.S. Commentary What's The Buzz About Nintendo Switch? Renault Reportedly Probed Over Diesel Emissions Banking Stocks Leading The Way Higher On Wall Street - U.S. Commentary Millennials Fail To Keep Up With Mom And Dad U.S. Business Inventories Climb More Than Expected In November <<Previous        143 Articles Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. comments powered by Disqus RELATED NEWS Derma Sciences (DSCI) Jumped To A New High After Bought By Integra LifeSciences Derma Sciences Inc. (DSCI) Has Jumped To A New High After Merger Agreement Trade DSCI now with  Follow RTT Editor's Pick Most Read Most Emailed Manufacturing, Housing In Focus Amid Trump's Inauguration Lazy, Or Inefficient? The World's Least Productive Countries, Ranked Millennials Fail To Keep Up With Mom And Dad India's SpiceJet Buying Up To 205 Boeing Planes JPMorgan Chase Q4 Profit Rises; Results Top Estimates Bank Of America Q4 Profit Climbs, Beats Estimates CVS Offering Cheap Generic Alternative To EpiPen Takata To Pay $1 Bln. In Airbag Probe Teva Loses Alimta Appeal Against Eli Lilly American Airlines Uniforms Are Safe, Manufacturer Says FBI Pays Best Buy Employees For Info On Customer's Computer McDonald's Finally Testing All-Day Breakfast In Canada Woman Sues Chipolte For $2 Bln For Using Her Photographs For Promotion Bank Of America Q4 Profit Climbs, Beats Estimates EGLT Gets Long Awaited FDA Approval, PTCT Breathes Easy, GLMD On Track FDA Says No To TSRO, Ablynx On Track, MYL Leads In Herceptin Biosim Race In U.S. Gainers & Losers Of The Day: TBIO, IMMU, SGMO, BIOC, APRI Gainers & Losers Of The Day: BIOC, CUR, ONTX, EGLT, ABAX... National Express To Sell C2c Franchise To FS Italiane's Trenitalia For £70 Mln Gainers & Losers Of The Day: ACST, APRI, SBBP, NVDQ, NVCR So Long DSCI, MRK Seeks New Use For Old Drug, VRX Does It Again, PSTI On Watch UniCredit Discloses Additions To Explanatory Report Takata To Pay $1 Bln. In Airbag Probe FBI Pays Best Buy Employees For Info On Customer's Computer News Corp: India's PropTiger.com, Housing.com To Join, To Get $55 Mln Investment Saks Fifth Ave. Owner Warns On Challenging Retail Environment WSJ: Brookdale Nursing Homes A Target For Blackstone Fresenius Medical Care Says Pleased With US Court's Temporary Restraining Order Lowe's Reportedly Plans Thousands Of Job Cuts Kellogg Pringles Launches Pringles LOUD In Five Varieties - Quick Facts FDIC Sues Bank Of America - Quick Facts VCA Stock Climbs On Mars' $9.1 Bln Takeover Deal METRO Group Q1 Like-for-like Sales Flat, But Sales Edge Down Phoenix Group Achieves Its 2016 Target For Cash Generation - Quick Facts Wm Morrison Christmas Sales Up; Sees FY17 Profit Ahead Of Market View Playtech Names Andrew Smith CFO; FY Results To Be In Line With Market View Copyright © 2017 RTTNews. All rights reserved. By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Service. About Us   |   Privacy   |   Feedback   |   Sitemap
Skip to: Main Content Site Navigation Site footer Site site-search Site Map Network Navigation (other sites) Hipages Fox Sports SEEK Carsguide RealEstate News Network News.com.au News.com.au National World Lifestyle Travel Entertainment Technology Finance Sport Video Facebook Twitter Instagram GooglePlus Search Latest In Finance Pauline Hanson gets Trump tickets Woman fined $311 for late pet registration Welfare mum ‘too pretty’ to work CIA warns Trump: ‘Be careful’ Shares to rise on open, dollar flat Finance news you need to know today Jobs that’ll make you rich in 2017 How to write a good cover letter business breaking news Wall St falls before earnings January 13, 20178:55am Reuters Share Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on Google+ Share on Reddit Email a friend The three major US stock indexes closed lower on Thursday as investors waited for fourth-quarter corporate earnings and details of US President-elect Donald Trump's economic policy eight days ahead of his inauguration. While stocks pared losses as the session wore on, all but four of the S&P 500's 11 sectors ended lower, with financials leading the decline a day ahead of the first major earnings reports in that sector. The S&P had risen 6.4 per cent since the Nov. 8 election. Trump on Wednesday dashed investor hopes for new details on his policy plans in his first news conference since the election, instead lashing out at US spy agencies and media companies for what he called a "phony" Russia dossier and repeated promises to reform healthcare policies. On top of policy uncertainty, the market is missing stock buyback support in the quiet period ahead of earnings and individuals are putting more money into bonds than stocks, according to Jeffrey Kleintop, chief global investment strategist at Charles Schwab in Boston. "Companies can't buy shares, and individuals all of a sudden stopped buying since the election. That could be the reason we're seeing a little bit of a gap down today," said Kleintop, but the dip could be temporary if earnings beat expectations. Kleintop cited Investment Company Institute's data on Wednesday showing the biggest cash flows to bond funds from stock funds since the election. The Dow Jones Industrial Average fell 63.28 points, or 0.32 per cent, to close at 19,891, the S&P 500 dropped 4.88 points, or 0.21 per cent, to 2,270.44 and the Nasdaq Composite dipped 16.16 points, or 0.29 per cent, to 5,547.49. The S&P had fallen as much as 0.9 per cent earlier in the session, and its financial index finished off 0.74 per cent, as yields on long-dated bonds fell. Brad McMillan, Chief Investment Officer for Commonwealth Financial in Waltham, Mass. said the stock market's continued proximity to its post-election peak was a positive sign. "The fact we're still bouncing along the ceiling means to me that everybody's still pretty optimistic," said McMillan. "The population is confident. They're willing to spend and they're making more money and able to spend. That's good news," he said. The S&P's healthcare sector ended up 0.07 per cent after tumbling 1 per cent in the previous day's session because of Trump's comments. The index was helped by a 0.9 per cent increase for Merck and a 2.5 per cent increase for Eli Lilly after a US appeals court said it could block Teva Pharmaceutical Industries Ltd from selling a generic equivalent of Eli Lilly's top-selling lung cancer drug. JPMorgan Chase was one of the biggest drags on the S&P 500 the day before its earnings report was due, losing nearly 1 per cent. Declining issues outnumbered advancing ones on the NYSE by a 1.55-to-1 ratio; on Nasdaq, a 1.96-to-1 ratio favoured decliners. The S&P 500 posted 10 new 52-week highs and four new lows; the Nasdaq Composite recorded 60 new highs and 21 new lows. More than 6.7 billion shares changed hands on US exchanges, higher than the 6.5 billion average in the last 20 sessions. Jump back to top Right now in finance 2053Readers Retirement age in Australia: The generation that might have ... 1969Readers Marie Buchan: Mum of eight says she is ‘too beautiful’ to wo... 811Readers Knox Council pet registration: Melbourne woman fined $311, s... 576Readers Donald Trump: CIA director John Brennan warning on Russia 479Readers ABS labour force data no longer accurate finance breaking news 11:56IOT says strong interest in selfie drone 11:35Citi sees value in Crown Resorts 11:19Navarre sees potential in Stawell results 11:16Sirtex shares up and down after CEO axed 11:05Politics and the US reporting season Market Charts at 12:31PM AUS/ASIA USA EUROPEAN AUD/USD OIL Switch to Chart Points Change Percent Hang Seng 22937.38 0.0 0.0 ASX200 5749.7 +28.6 +0.5 All Ords 5804.9 +28.1 +0.49 Nikkei 19162.85 -124.43 -0.65 Switch to Chart Points Change Percent DJIA 0.0 0.0 � S&P 500 2274.64 +4.2 +0.18 S&P 100 575.64 -10.07 -1.72 NASDAQ 5574.12 +26.63 +0.48 Switch to Chart Points Change Percent CAC 40 4922.49 +58.52 +1.2 DAX 30 11629.18 +108.14 +0.94 FTSE 7337.81 +45.44 +0.62 Euro Top100 2860.86 +29.14 +1.03 Switch to Chart Points Change Percent AUD/USD 0.932 +0.0 +0.2 Switch to Chart Points Change Percent Oil 52.37 -0.64 -1.21 More Markets Stock Quotes A NOTE ABOUT RELEVANT ADVERTISING: We collect information about the content (including ads) you use across this site and use it to make both advertising and content more relevant to you on our network and other sites.Find out more about our policy and your choices, including how to opt-out. News.com.au Newsletter RSS Advertise About Us Legal: Privacy Policy Relevant Ads Opt-Out Cookie Policy Terms & Conditions News Limited Copyright © 2017. All times AEDT (GMT +11).
Channel NewsAsia Return to Mobile Site Wall St. falls before earnings and on US policy uncertainty News TV Connect Watch Live 0 My Playlist Sign In Menu News Asia Pacific Singapore World Business Sport Entertainment Technology Health Lifestyle Videos Weather MORE Photos Special Reports Archives Services PSI Live Shows News Schedule Features On The Ground Specials Facebook Twitter Linkedin YouTube Mobile SMS eNews RSS Return to Mobile Site Business International Business Wall St. falls before earnings and on US policy uncertainty The three major U.S. stock indexes closed lower on Thursday as investors waited for fourth-quarter corporate earnings and details of U.S. President-elect Donald Trump's economic policy eight days ahead of his inauguration. Posted 13 Jan 2017 00:20 Updated 13 Jan 2017 05:50 A Chinese People's Liberation Army (PLA) navy personnel stands guard on their Jiangkai II class vessel, CNS Yulin, during a display of warships ahead of the IMDEX Asia maritime defence exhibition at Changi Naval Base in Singapore May 18, 2015. REUTERS/Edgar Su Enlarge Caption  Email More A A NEW YORK: The three major U.S. stock indexes closed lower on Thursday as investors waited for fourth-quarter corporate earnings and details of U.S. President-elect Donald Trump's economic policy eight days ahead of his inauguration. While stocks pared losses as the session wore on, all but four of the S&P 500's 11 sectors ended lower, with financials leading the decline a day ahead of the first major earnings reports in that sector. The S&P had risen 6.4 percent since the Nov. 8 election. Trump on Wednesday dashed investor hopes for new details on his policy plans in his first news conference since the election, instead lashing out at U.S. spy agencies and media companies for what he called a "phony" Russia dossier and repeated promises to reform healthcare policies. On top of policy uncertainty, the market is missing stock buyback support in the quiet period ahead of earnings and individuals are putting more money into bonds than stocks, according to Jeffrey Kleintop, chief global investment strategist at Charles Schwab in Boston. "Companies can't buy shares, and individuals all of a sudden stopped buying since the election. That could be the reason we're seeing a little bit of a gap down today," said Kleintop, but the dip could be temporary if earnings beat expectations. Kleintop cited Investment Company Institute's data on Wednesday showing the biggest cash flows to bond funds from stock funds since the election. The Dow Jones Industrial Average fell 63.28 points, or 0.32 percent, to close at 19,891, the S&P 500 dropped 4.88 points, or 0.21 percent, to 2,270.44 and the Nasdaq Composite dipped 16.16 points, or 0.29 percent, to 5,547.49. The S&P had fallen as much as 0.9 percent earlier in the session, and its financial index finished off 0.74 percent, as yields on long-dated bonds fell. Brad McMillan, Chief Investment Officer for Commonwealth Financial in Waltham, Mass. said the stock market's continued proximity to its post-election peak was a positive sign. "The fact we're still bouncing along the ceiling means to me that everybody's still pretty optimistic," said McMillan. "The population is confident. They're willing to spend and they're making more money and able to spend. That's good news," he said. The S&P's healthcare sector ended up 0.07 percent after tumbling 1 percent in the previous day's session because of Trump's comments. The index was helped by a 0.9 percent increase for Merck and a 2.5 percent increase for Eli Lilly after a U.S. appeals court said it could block Teva Pharmaceutical Industries Ltd from selling a generic equivalent of Eli Lilly's top-selling lung cancer drug. JPMorgan Chase was one of the biggest drags on the S&P 500 the day before its earnings report was due, losing nearly 1 percent. Declining issues outnumbered advancing ones on the NYSE by a 1.55-to-1 ratio; on Nasdaq, a 1.96-to-1 ratio favored decliners. The S&P 500 posted 10 new 52-week highs and four new lows; the Nasdaq Composite recorded 60 new highs and 21 new lows. More than 6.7 billion shares changed hands on U.S. exchanges, higher than the 6.5 billion average in the last 20 sessions. (Additional reporting by Yashaswini Swamynathan in Bengaluru; Editing by Steve Orlofsky and James Dalgleish) - Reuters Email More YOU MAY ALSO LIKE From Our Website From the Web Happening Now new window view more My Facebook Friends Back To Top JUMP TO Select Section Asia Pacific Singapore World Business Sport Entertainment Technology Health Lifestyle Videos Weather Photos Special Reports Archives Services PSI Navigate to: News TV Connect Watch Live GET OUR APPS iPhone/iPad Android Get Our News Facebook Twitter Linkedin YouTube Mobile SMS eNews RSS News Asia Pacific World Sport Technology Lifestyle Photos Archives Singapore Business Entertainment Health Videos Special Reports TV Live News Schedule Shows Services Weather ADVERTISE WITH US Online Mobile TV Contact Sales Channel NewsAsia Channel News Asia About Us Coverage Hotel Partners Events & Seminars Presenters & Correspondents Contact Us Mediacorp Mediacorp News Group © 2017 About Mediacorp Pte Ltd Terms and Conditions Privacy Policy Back To Top
X Edition: United States Business Business Home Legal Deals Aerospace & Defense Finance Autos Reuters Summits ADventures Data Dive Markets Markets Home U.S. Markets European Markets Asian Markets Global Market Data Indices Stocks Bonds Currencies Commodities Futures Funds Earnings Dividends World World Home U.S. Special Reports Reuters Investigates Euro Zone Middle East China Japan Mexico Brazil Africa Russia India Politics Politics Home Election 2016 Polling Explorer Just In: Election 2016 What Voters Want Supreme Court Tech Technology Home Science Top 100 Global Innovators Environment Innovation Commentary Commentary Home Podcasts Breakingviews Breakingviews Home Breakingviews Video Money Money Home Retirement Lipper Awards Analyst Research Stock Screener Fund Screener Life Health Sports Arts Entertainment Oddly Enough Pictures Pictures Home The Wider Image Photographers Focus 360 Video US STOCKS-Wall St falls before earnings and on U.S. policy uncertainty Africa América Latina عربي Argentina Brasil Canada 中国 Deutschland España France India Italia 日本 México РОССИЯ United Kingdom United States Market News | Thu Jan 12, 2017 | 4:36pm EST US STOCKS-Wall St falls before earnings and on U.S. policy uncertainty (Updates to close, adds commentary) * Financials off with bond yields day before big banks' 4th-qtr reports * Merck, Eli Lilly boost health sector * Indexes down: Dow 0.32 pct, S&P 500 0.21 pct, Nasdaq 0.29 pct By Sinead Carew NEW YORK, Jan 12 The three major U.S. stock indexes closed lower on Thursday as investors waited for fourth-quarter corporate earnings and details of U.S. President-elect Donald Trump's economic policy eight days ahead of his inauguration. While stocks pared losses as the session wore on, all but four of the S&P 500's 11 sectors ended lower, with financials leading the decline a day ahead of the first major earnings reports in that sector. The S&P had risen 6.4 percent since the Nov. 8 election. Trump on Wednesday dashed investor hopes for new details on his policy plans in his first news conference since the election, instead lashing out at U.S. spy agencies and media companies for what he called a "phony" Russia dossier and repeated promises to reform healthcare policies. On top of policy uncertainty, the market is missing stock buyback support in the quiet period ahead of earnings and individuals are putting more money into bonds than stocks, according to Jeffrey Kleintop, chief global investment strategist at Charles Schwab in Boston. "Companies can't buy shares, and individuals all of a sudden stopped buying since the election. That could be the reason we're seeing a little bit of a gap down today," said Kleintop, but the dip could be temporary if earnings beat expectations. Kleintop cited Investment Company Institute's data on Wednesday showing the biggest cash flows to bond funds from stock funds since the election. The Dow Jones Industrial Average fell 63.28 points, or 0.32 percent, to close at 19,891, the S&P 500 dropped 4.88 points, or 0.21 percent, to 2,270.44 and the Nasdaq Composite dipped 16.16 points, or 0.29 percent, to 5,547.49. The S&P had fallen as much as 0.9 percent earlier in the session, and its financial index finished off 0.74 percent, as yields on long-dated bonds fell. Brad McMillan, Chief Investment Officer for Commonwealth Financial in Waltham, Mass. said the stock market's continued proximity to its post-election peak was a positive sign. "The fact we're still bouncing along the ceiling means to me that everybody's still pretty optimistic," said McMillan. "The population is confident. They're willing to spend and they're making more money and able to spend. That's good news," he said. The S&P's healthcare sector ended up 0.07 percent after tumbling 1 percent in the previous day's session because of Trump's comments. The index was helped by a 0.9 percent increase for Merck and a 2.5 percent increase for Eli Lilly after a U.S. appeals court said it could block Teva Pharmaceutical Industries Ltd from selling a generic equivalent of Eli Lilly's top-selling lung cancer drug. JPMorgan Chase was one of the biggest drags on the S&P 500 the day before its earnings report was due, losing nearly 1 percent. Declining issues outnumbered advancing ones on the NYSE by a 1.55-to-1 ratio; on Nasdaq, a 1.96-to-1 ratio favored decliners. The S&P 500 posted 10 new 52-week highs and four new lows; the Nasdaq Composite recorded 60 new highs and 21 new lows. More than 6.7 billion shares changed hands on U.S. exchanges, higher than the 6.5 billion average in the last 20 sessions. (Additional reporting by Yashaswini Swamynathan in Bengaluru; Editing by Steve Orlofsky and James Dalgleish) Next In Market News US insurers get inside cars, mouths, grocery carts in profit search NEW YORK, Jan 15 Twice a day, Scott Ozawa's Bluetooth-enabled toothbrush tells his dental insurer if he brushed for a full two minutes. In return, the 41-year-old software engineer gets free brush heads and the employer which bought his insurance gets premium discounts. MIDEAST STOCKS - Factors to watch - Jan 15 DUBAI, Jan 15 Here are some factors that may affect Middle East stock markets on Sunday. Reuters has not verified the press reports and does not vouch for their accuracy. UPDATE 2-On sensitive U.S. stopover, Taiwan leader connects to Twitter SAN FRANCISCO, Jan 14 Taiwan President Tsai Ing-wen, carving a careful diplomatic path on her stopovers in the United States, visited the headquarters of micro-messaging service Twitter Inc on Saturday and reactivated an old account. MORE FROM REUTERS Sponsored Content From Around the Web Promoted by Taboola Trending Stories Photos of the week Photos of the week Sponsored Topics X Follow Reuters: Follow Us On Twitter Follow Us On Facebook Follow Us On RSS Follow Us On Instagram Follow Us On YouTube Follow Us On LinkedIn Subscribe: Feeds | Newsletters | Podcasts | Apps Reuters News Agency | Brand Attribution Guidelines Reuters is the news and media division of Thomson Reuters. Thomson Reuters is the world's largest international multimedia news agency, providing investing news, world news, business news, technology news, headline news, small business news, news alerts, personal finance, stock market, and mutual funds information available on Reuters.com, video, mobile, and interactive television platforms. Learn more about Thomson Reuters products: Eikon Information, analytics and exclusive news on financial markets - delivered in an intuitive desktop and mobile interface Elektron Everything you need to empower your workflow and enhance your enterprise data management World-Check Screen for heightened risk individual and entities globally to help uncover hidden risks in business relationships and human networks Westlaw Build the strongest argument relying on authoritative content, attorney-editor expertise, and industry defining technology ONESOURCE The most comprehensive solution to manage all your complex and ever-expanding tax and compliance needs CHECKPOINT The industry leader for online information for tax, accounting and finance professionals All quotes delayed a minimum of 15 minutes. See here for a complete list of exchanges and delays. Site Feedback Corrections Advertising Guidelines AdChoices Terms of Use Privacy Policy
  Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Wires Home My Profile Logout Login Feedback DailyMail NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad US STOCKS-Wall St falls before earnings and on U.S. policy uncertainty By Reuters Published: 16:39 EST, 12 January 2017 | Updated: 16:39 EST, 12 January 2017 e-mail By Sinead Carew NEW YORK, Jan 12 (Reuters) - The three major U.S. stock indexes closed lower on Thursday as investors waited for fourth-quarter corporate earnings and details of U.S. President-elect Donald Trump's economic policy eight days ahead of his inauguration. While stocks pared losses as the session wore on, all but four of the S&P 500's 11 sectors ended lower, with financials leading the decline a day ahead of the first major earnings reports in that sector. The S&P had risen 6.4 percent since the Nov. 8 election. Trump on Wednesday dashed investor hopes for new details on his policy plans in his first news conference since the election, instead lashing out at U.S. spy agencies and media companies for what he called a "phony" Russia dossier and repeated promises to reform healthcare policies. On top of policy uncertainty, the market is missing stock buyback support in the quiet period ahead of earnings and individuals are putting more money into bonds than stocks, according to Jeffrey Kleintop, chief global investment strategist at Charles Schwab in Boston. "Companies can't buy shares, and individuals all of a sudden stopped buying since the election. That could be the reason we're seeing a little bit of a gap down today," said Kleintop, but the dip could be temporary if earnings beat expectations. Kleintop cited Investment Company Institute's data on Wednesday showing the biggest cash flows to bond funds from stock funds since the election. The Dow Jones Industrial Average fell 63.28 points, or 0.32 percent, to close at 19,891, the S&P 500 dropped 4.88 points, or 0.21 percent, to 2,270.44 and the Nasdaq Composite dipped 16.16 points, or 0.29 percent, to 5,547.49. The S&P had fallen as much as 0.9 percent earlier in the session, and its financial index finished off 0.74 percent, as yields on long-dated bonds fell. Brad McMillan, Chief Investment Officer for Commonwealth Financial in Waltham, Mass. said the stock market's continued proximity to its post-election peak was a positive sign. "The fact we're still bouncing along the ceiling means to me that everybody's still pretty optimistic," said McMillan. "The population is confident. They're willing to spend and they're making more money and able to spend. That's good news," he said. The S&P's healthcare sector ended up 0.07 percent after tumbling 1 percent in the previous day's session because of Trump's comments. The index was helped by a 0.9 percent increase for Merck and a 2.5 percent increase for Eli Lilly after a U.S. appeals court said it could block Teva Pharmaceutical Industries Ltd from selling a generic equivalent of Eli Lilly's top-selling lung cancer drug. JPMorgan Chase was one of the biggest drags on the S&P 500 the day before its earnings report was due, losing nearly 1 percent. Declining issues outnumbered advancing ones on the NYSE by a 1.55-to-1 ratio; on Nasdaq, a 1.96-to-1 ratio favored decliners. The S&P 500 posted 10 new 52-week highs and four new lows; the Nasdaq Composite recorded 60 new highs and 21 new lows. More than 6.7 billion shares changed hands on U.S. exchanges, higher than the 6.5 billion average in the last 20 sessions. (Additional reporting by Yashaswini Swamynathan in Bengaluru; Editing by Steve Orlofsky and James Dalgleish) Share or comment on this article e-mail Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article. Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail     DON'T MISS 'It's a huge shock': Binky Felstead reveals she is expecting her first baby with on/off co-star Josh Patterson... but they're 'still not officially together' PICTURE EXCLUSIVE Kourtney Kardashian, 37, wears a sheer bra for late-night rendezvous with former flame Justin Bieber, 22 'I was on the verge of a breakdown' : Olly Murs' mother reveals her heartache that son Ben has disowned the family over X Factor row Katy Perry debuts dramatic blonde dye-job as she surprise Orlando Bloom with a secret 40th birthday bash in Palm Springs Scarlet siren! Myleene Klass flaunts her enviably toned figure in skimpy red bikini as she goes body-boarding during exotic family getaway in Sri Lanka 'He's so proud of her': Danniella Westbrook set to appear on Loose Women with son Kai as she continues comeback following cocaine relapse Lewis Hamilton turns heads in bright yellow hoodie while arriving at LAX... as 'Valtteri Bottas' switch from Williams to Mercedes is set to be clarified' Paris Hilton flaunts her slender waist and endless legs in gold-embroidered LBD as she attends Milan Men's Fashion Week  'Show us the chopper!': Chloe Ferry demands Jamie O'Hara flashes his manhood... as Kim Woodburn and James Cosmo blast her 'gross' behaviour 'I'm gutted with myself!': CBB's James Jordan apologises to Jamie O'Hara after 'mugging him off' by calling him a 'washed-up footballer' Blac Chyna only has eyes for Rob Kardashian as the couple pack on the PDA for a flight to NYC The pair looked besotted at JFK airport Sunday 'We didn't go out of our way to keep it secret': Katherine Kelly reveals she has given birth to a second child called Rose after keeping pregnancy under wraps Baby and me! Olivia Wilde snuggles her newborn protectively as she enjoys a brisk walk in frosty Brooklyn Daisy in tow for the Sunday stroll Elizabeth Hurley, 51, looks incredibly youthful in blue midi dress with cross-shoulder detail as she attends Milan Men's Fashion Week Have Ellen DeGeneres and wife Portia de Rossi found an Australian home? Talk show host and actress request an inspection of $5.8 million Victoria mansion  'I can't work out whether it's amazing, genius or the worst episode I've seen!': Sherlock fans go wild over 'gory' series finale  New John le Carre spy drama for TV: BBC to follow up success of The Night Manager with adaptation of The Spy Who Came In From The Cold  'I have literally nothing to hide': Fitspo star Kayla Itsines opens up about the benefits of her drink and drug-free lifestyle as she poses for stunning shoot in Vogue Australia Josie Gibson winces as she suffers a nasty fall during training for The Jump in Austria... as Eddie 'The Eagle' Edwards is 'AXED from disaster-prone show for voicing safety concerns 'I still have a hangover!' Rebecca Judd complains about her 'rough day' after partying at the Portsea Polo as she laments about returning to work  'You're a fat slob!': CBB's Kim Woodburn and James Jordan become embroiled in a furious row with the cleaner claiming 'no one can stomach him'  Married at last? Sonia Kruger, 51 sparks speculation she has wed long-term partner Craig McPherson after stepping out while sporting a ring on THAT finger Wet 'n' wild! Alessandra Ambrosio displays her flawless physique in very tiny black bikini as she enjoys a dip in the sea in Brazil PICTURE EXCLUSIVE Kristin Cavallari relaxes in a bikini as she hires a yacht to celebrate Jay Cutler's 30th With their three young children Getting pizza all over her frock, 'shooing away' a cocktail waitress and interrupting interviews: Nicole Kidman's 'bizarre behaviour' at the Golden Globes revealed One piece wonder! Kelly Bensimon, 49, flaunts her figure in sexy black one piece with hip side cutouts Proved you don't need a bikini to look sexy Tamara Ecclestone shares cute pictures of her daughter Sophia, 2, showing off her skiing skills before enjoying a pony ride in Gstaad Enjoying Switzerland Making a stellar appearance! Nicole Richie snuggles up in star-spangled unicorn onesie at pyjama party Held hands with rocker husband, Joel Madden Dressed down Kylie Jenner giggles as she enjoys a night out at a burger joint with boyfriend Tyga She's notan expensive date. A royal faux pas? The Crown's Matt Smith spotted smoking 'suspicious looking cigarette' outside a London pub while on a night out with pals  Moving Swift-ly on? Giggling Tom Hiddleston is spotted bidding farewell to a mystery brunette during evening stroll back in London 'Mariah's filled with regret over James': Carey has 'reached out' to ex-fiance Packer to help her brand recover after New Year's Eve lip-syncing saga Church time! Gwen Stefani is a model mum in plaid as she attends worship services with her three sons Headed to church in Los Angeles on Sunday 'She's finally happy again': Cassandra Thorburn is willing to forgive ex-husband Karl Stefanovic and move on following their high profile split Hidden Figures counts up $20.5 million as it holds on to top spot at the box office for a second weekend About mathematicians who helped NASA put John Glenn into space  The reality of Instagram! Pia Muehlenbeck's hilarious before and after shots reveal what REALLY happens when models try to take the perfect beach shot 'Pajama jammy jam!' Kourtney Kardashian cuddles up to Kim's bestie Chrissy Teigen at Cash Warren's star-studded PJ party 'I will be ok!' Priyanka Chopra updates fans after dangerous fall on Quantico set left her with concussion Left hospitalised after a nasty fall  'I left the hospital looking 5 months pregnant': Peta Murgatroyd says 'real life' means female bodies don't just shrink back into shape Former TOWIE star Abi Clarke flaunts her eye-popping assets as she goes braless in extreme plunging playsuit and thigh-highs on night out She's got a lot of cheek! Bikini clad Holly Hagan flaunts her perky derriere in sizzling belfies during romantic breakaway to Thailand 'She's like my wife!' Amanda Peet describes relationship with BFF Sarah Paulson as 'intense and visceral' after THAT Golden Globes red carpet kiss 'I don't want to be at the centre of attention': Amanda Seyfried opens up about her upcoming wedding to Thomas Sadoski as she stuns in Prada on the cover of Vogue Australia Shedding for the wedding? Bonnie Sveen reveals her dramatic slim-down amid rumours her boyfriend Nathan Gooley is ready to pop the question Ariana Grande showcases her slender pins in sexy Instagram to promote her Dangerous Woman Tour Sultry shot of herself donning a black unitard 'Fastest retirement in history': Steven Jacobs returns to Today's weather segment less than two months after departing to live in Vanuatu 'Back in action': Yolanda Hadid shares behind the scenes shot as she joins daughter Gigi on Tommy Hilfiger shoot 'Causing trouble with him': Louise Thompson flaunts her toned body in yet ANOTHER workout video with beau Ryan Libbey... as she claims she's gained weight on holiday 'If I don't get a husband after this...': Jessica Wright embodies Christina Aguilera in raunchy leather chaps on new show Dance Dance Dance Is the sun setting on Sam and Kochie? Sunrise co-host David Koch 'wants Armytage replaced with Edwina Bartholomew' as ratings battle with Today Show's Karl and Lisa heats up Always camera ready! Jennifer Lopez turns shopping trip into a modelling shoot as she poses against a wall   Jennifer Lopez doesn't do casual. 'A bit of graft and willpower': Vicky Pattison shows off her incredibly toned figure in a sexy orange bikini at health retreat in Portugal after vowing to lose 10lbs 2DayFM 'under fire' after it's revealed new 'Sydney' breakfast show will be broadcast from Melbourne after Sam Frost and Rove McManus get dumped Amanda Seyfried shows off her bump in a grey sweater on outing with fiancé Thomas Sadoski Confirmed her first pregnancy in November 'No greater blessing than family!' Ciara's boy supports stepdad Russell Wilson's team... while his birth father Future backs the other side She's back! Kim Kardashian is her old self again as she sits astride a buggy and poses with a falcon on Dubai modelling shoot 'They're speaking all the time': Blake Garvey has been a 'shoulder to cry on' for Sam Frost following Bachelorette's split from Sasha Mielczarek Bikini-clad Billie Lourd holds hands with Taylor Lautner on sunshine break after the death of mother Carrie Fisher Mourning her mother and grandmother They played in Chelsea! Frankie Bridge celebrates her 27th birthday with retired footballer husband Wayne  Tina Fey pays tribute to Carrie Fisher as she appears in hologram form on Saturday Night Live Admitted she was 'nervous' about the gig Three generations of Beckham! David returns to Old Trafford with son Cruz and dad Ted as the trio watch Manchester United take on Liverpool 'Of course it's f*****g good to challenge your audience!' Sherlock creator Mark Gatiss slams fans who find the show confusing... and tells them to 'go read a children's book' 'Pound Shop today Harrods tomorrow!' Katie Price wraps up in a cosy designer ensemble during cut-price weekend shopping trip Looking bootyful! Kim Kardashian shows off her shapely rear in a form fitting white dress She's officially back at work, with a whirlwind tour of Dubai. 'Spray tan lyfe!' Ashley Graham strips down to her bikini as she flaunts her freshly tanned figure The plus-size stunner is a positive body image activist Prince George 'WON'T attend the same school as his father as Kate and William opt for smaller, more discreet pre-prep closer to Kensington Palace'  So good it's criminal! Busty Lauren Goodger flaunts her hourglass curves in saucy selfie... after supporting violent rap song penned by jailbird boyfriend's brother Before she shot to fame: Nicola McLean totes rifle as teen army cadet in newly-unveiled snaps... as pal Maria Fowler insists Tom Williams won't leave her over CBB flirting It's Kueen Kim! Kardashian is treated to a dance display as she gets the royal welcome in Dubai Now she knows how Kate Middleton feels EXCLUSIVE! Jessica Cunningham 'pretended she was sick' in order to ditch an online chat show deal at the last minute to enter the Big Brother house PJ-clad Jessica Alba plays beer pong at husband Cash Warren's birthday bash Also included a clip of designer Rachel Zoe engaging in the  sport Louise Thompson shows off her toned and tanned body in ANOTHER sun-soaked bikini snap on  break with boyfriend Ryan Libbey 'You just don't feel sexy!' The Hills star Audrina Patridge dishes on her love life after birth of baby daughter Kirra Thrill seeker! Ariel Winter squeals with delight as she takes her niece to Disneyland on her sixth birthday She was treating her to a day out Very cheeky! Chloe Madeley flashes her round posterior in racy grey swimsuit as she shares saucy belfie Flaunted her toned physique  Bare-faced beauty! Chloe Moretz keeps it casual in ripped sweatshirt and leggings Actress proved she doesn't need make-up or fancy clothes Getting fruity! Mollie King larks around with a pair of oranges in a skimpy bikini showing off her tanned flat stomach on holiday in Jamaica 'She's evil!': Scotty T slams 'thick' Geordie Shore co-star Chloe Ferry... after she left viewers DISGUSTED with her raunchy CBB antics Beefcake in Milan! Paris Hilton cosies up to muscle-bound models at Plein Sport runway show The reality TV icon later DJed the Sesto Sento Club in Lonato Former Corrie actress Katie Redford lands a new role on Archers after being axed from soap for lying about her age Axed two years ago She's got a lot of cheek! Bikini clad Holly Hagan flaunts her perky derriere and ample assets in sizzling selfie during sun soaked trip to Thailand He doesn't do things by halves! Rocco Ritchie can't contain his laughter as he breaks his skateboard in two while out and about in London MIC's Nicola Hughes puts on a leggy display in a chic olive dress as she enjoys a night out on the town Fun for all the family! Vanessa Paradis and new boyfriend Samuel Benchetrit appear downcast as they take Lily Rose Depp for a day of shopping in Paris Some helping hands! Blac Chyna heads to the mall with TWO nannies to help look after son King Cairo and baby Dream 'You're a very handsome man, aren't you?' CBB's Chloe Ferry flirts up a storm with bemused Calum Best... and offers to flash her VAGINA to everyone Christina Milian flaunts her ample cleavage in a saucy ensemble as she parties with BFF Karrueche Tran Thigh-grazing latex mini skirt 'She is smitten': Amber Heard said to be besotted with billionaire Elon Musk... as she prepares for 'new chapter' following Johnny Depp divorce Booty and the beach! Shirtless Gaz Beadle gets VERY tactile with bikini-clad girlfriend Emma McVey as he cheekily gropes her bum during romantic Emirates break The Apprentice's Frances Bishop displays her endless curves and perky posterior in skimpy bikini during sun soaked break to Dubai  Suki Waterhouse flaunts her tanned and toned physique in a skimpy bikini as she jogs along the beach in Mexico Went for a run along the Mayan Riviera Scarlett Moffatt highlights her dramatically slimmed down frame in a plunging floral minidress after making appearance on Sunday Brunch Plaid to see you! Pregnant Natalie Portman covers her large baby bump in a stylish checked jacket as she goes for leisurely park stroll Actress Emily Watson insists middle-aged sexuality is 'ignored' as she takes on new role as a cheating mother in racy BBC thriller  X Factor winner Matt Terry gets a kiss from a male pal as he enjoys a night out... after revealing Freddy Parker is moving out of their bachelor pad Lindsay Lohan cuts a chic figure in a quirky dog print co-ord as she enjoys a night out with a male friend in Milan   She's currently holidaying in one of the world's most stylish cities It's Compl-Ex! Danielle Bux grabs lunch with former husband-turned pal Gary Lineker in LA as they continue their budding friendship... then joins new man Nate Greenwald for dinner Lily James cuts a concerned figure as she talks anxiously on the phone...after boyfriend Matt Smith is spotted 'smoking suspicious cigarette'  Scarlett Moffatt looks slimmer than ever in all black ensemble as she hits the town with mum Betty... after fans urged 'gaunt' star to stop losing weight Shock for Harry's girl: Meghan Markle's BROTHER is arrested and charged with holding a gun to a woman's head 'in row during late night drinking session at his flat' Prince William will give up his career as a helicopter pilot to become a full-time royal as Queen hands over duties Girls' shopping trip! Katie Holmes takes daughter Suri Cruise to children's clothing store in LA Spotted on Saturday enjoying a bit of weekend quality time Mariah Carey sports plunging LBD as she and toyboy Bryan Tanaka step out in London Displayed her figure in a form-fitting dress  Pretty in pink! Lindsay Lohan steps out in sexy silky ensemble in Milan The 30-year-old former wild-child was spotted looking pretty in pink as she left her hotel in Milan PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Victoria Beckham wraps up in winter white polo neck as she enjoys girly day shopping with daughter Harper Back from the Maldives Sylvester Stallone's daughters Sophia, 20, and Sistine, 18, sizzles in coordinating black ensembles alongside their mother Jennifer at star-studded Dolce & Gabbana party Hunky dory: Hollywood heartthrobs Chris Hemsworth and Matt Damon catch up over dinner in LA with Chris' wife Elsa Pataky Blac Chyna in the red? Star threatened with lawsuit for $3million in 'unpaid fees' as 'longtime managers' claim she 'cut them out' of lucrative deals Gwen Stefani's ex-husband, Daisy Lowe's father, the singer from Bush, and now the coach contestants don't really want...Gavin Rossdale joins The Voice UK, by Jim Shelley Heard what James said? Pierce Brosnan looks stern during press conference... after chatshow host Corden labels him 'rudest' celebrity Sid Owen celebrates his 45th birthday by partying in London with pals including Jade Jones and Leigh Francis  Progress report! Justin Bieber checks in on protégé Madison Beer over dinner at trendy Catch LA BBC brands its OWN show 's**t' in awkward Twitter blunder as they retweet Let It Shine criticism  Danielle Lloyd snuggles up to fiancé Michael O'Neill on night out... as she admits to being a 'crazy b***h' after online trolls began targeting her when ex Jamie O'Hara entered CBB Why I never let Claudia Winkleman look in the mirror as a child: The Strictly host's mother EVE POLLARD says it's the best thing you can do for your daughters  'The day my world became complete': Stephanie Davis posts first adorable snap of baby boy... 'after revealing she'll name  son after stranger who chatted her up' 'Love on the sand': Photoshop enthusiast Natasha Oakley puts on a loved up display with beau Gilles Souteyrand  as she continues to holiday in the Caribbean Pajama party! Chrissy Teigen and John Legend rock ridiculous chicken themed onesies in hilarious snaps Georgia May Foote cosies up to new boyfriend George Alsford in a series of sunny snaps from romantic holiday Lisa Rinna, 53, sizzles in skintight leather trousers alongside her model daughter Delilah, 18, as they dine in LA 'Starting to see the results and it feels so good!' Jennifer Ellison reveals her slimmer physique after losing more than a stone in ONE month Actress Lily Collins: 'My famous surname made me work harder' Drummer's daughter was top of screen legend Warren Beatty's casting list for latest film 'Sometimes I can't breathe': Danielle Lloyd claims she has panic attacks and is 'too frightened' to leave the house due to trolling since ex Jamie O'Hara  appeared on CBB Bottoms up! Kirsten Dunst flaunts her toned pins and perky derriere in skintight denims as she hides her jaw-dropping engagement ring in LA 'When she's had a few drinks, she's crazy': CBB's Jamie O'Hara slams ex-wife Danielle Lloyd as he claims she's 'absolutely crackers' on a night out Eagle-eyed fans point out embarrassing EastEnders gaffe... as Mick Carter celebrates his 40th birthday on the WRONG date Fierce fashion instincts! Mandy Moore rocks chic animal print gown at Elle's Women in Television honors Pink throws daughter Willow Sage celebratory 'big sister party' as she lovingly cradles newborn son Jameson Moon Victoria Beckham 'takes legal action to block Spice Girls reunion'... as Geri Horner announces she's leaving GEM to focus on her family' 'It's nice to feel you've got support!' One Direction's Louis Tomlinson praises former bandmate Zayn Malik as he wins two nominations at 2017 BRIT Awards Spellbinding! Jessica Biel shows off her shapely legs in cut-out skirt as she attends premiere party for Just Add Magic EXCLUSIVE: ITV stalwarts Phillip Schofield and Holly Willoughby can't contain their laughter as they join glamorous Lorraine Kelly in new promo Kim Kardashian's former bodyguard breaks his silence on Paris robbery and says he's 'not avoiding anything' about the heist or WHY he was sacked 'I trained her like an athlete': Khloe Kardashian's trainer spills the secrets behind the star's enviable body - including countless squats, 'sled pushing' and intense boxing Beach bum! Instagram sensation Pia Muehlenbeck flaunts pert posterior and ample assets oceanside 'I wish R.I.P. meant Return If Possible': Celine Dion unveils powerful new a cappella song in tribute to late husband Rene one year after his death 'It's an uphill struggle': Sienna Miller reveals she hasn't filmed a movie for a year claiming there 'aren't many great roles for women' Run Daniel, run! James Bond star Craig makes a dash for it through the busy streets to make it to the New York Theater in time for his performance in Othello Make-up free Kate Hudson bundles up in all black with red cap as she steps out with Kurt Russell in Beverly Hills 'When you have a rare cappuccino': Ronan Keating's pregnant wife Storm sips on coffee as she heads into her third trimester in a matter of weeks 'Thanks Uncle Snoop!' Miley Cyrus poses by a marijuana bar at weed-themed birthday party for boyfriend Liam Hemsworth Lamar Odom says the first he knew of his near fatal drugs overdose was waking up to find Khloé Kardashian at his side in hospital Sneak peak interview 'Bringin' the 80's back!' Lauren Pope flaunts her pert derriere in sizzling neon swimsuit as she enjoys Dubai holiday with new Geordie Shore beau Aaron Chalmers Pregnant Billie Faiers displays her blossoming baby bump in black bikini after jetting to Dubai for her 27th birthday celebration Brad Pitt looks relaxed as he hangs out with Sting and Chris Cornell at star-studded EB disease benefit in Malibu 'Current mood': Naomi Watts shares flashack photo of herself as a bored schoolgirl in Brides of Christ as she complains about being on set past midnight  'You're in the wrong, just shut up!' Kim Woodburn throws EPIC tantrum after Geordie Shore's Chloe Ferry 'soaks' her by jumping into the CBB hot tub Move over sisters! Kendall Jenner steals the Kardashian spotlight with racy HEADLESS bikini selfie that forces followers to check out her body Orange you glad she came! Shailene Woodley sizzles in vibrant statement coat at star-studded Elle's Women in Television bash 'I heard nothing and saw everything!' Twitter goes wild as Roxanne Pallett's actor ex strips off to reveal his rippling muscles after making it through on Let It Shine Love is in the air! Matthew McConaughey looks casually cool in a stylish camel coat as he and wife Camilla Alves jet over to New York City 'She was her enemy': Elizabeth Taylor 'disliked' Sophia Loren as she feared the siren could steal love Richard Burton away, new book claims 'I'm gutted!': Emma Willis reveals disappointment over Austin Armacost's shock eviction from CBB... as show bosses face backlash for his awkward exit GIRL ABOUT TOWN: Is Sheridan Smith pregnant? The 35-year-old actress is seen regularly rubbing her stomach while singing Selena Gomez and The Weeknd's romance didn't break the friend code with Bella Hadid... because 'they're only acquaintances' GIRL ABOUT TOWN: Harry and Meghan are set to slope off for a romantic break... but poor old William may miss his Alpine adventure with Kate  'Grooming day!': Jenna Dewan Tatum shows off flawless make-up free face during futuristic-like skin session From Hollywood to Bollywood! Ruby Rose reveals she has ambitions to cut it in Asian market Classic colors! Reese Witherspoon and Nicole Kidman shine in black and white ensembles at Elle's Women in Television celebration 'HAPPY Z DAY'! Taylor Swift celebrates Zayn Malik's birthday by teasing their Fifty Shades Darker music video Spot the rock! Kate Mara sports a large ring glinting on her left hand as it emerges that she is engaged to Fantastic Four co-star Jamie Bell Another baby on the way! Jeff Goldblum, 64, is expecting second child with wife Emilie Livingston, 33 Announcement on Instagram 'They're giving things another go': Stevi Ritchie and Chloe-Jasmine Whichello 'are back together'... four months after calling off their engagement 'My babies': Blac Chyna cuddles up to her nine-week-old daughter Dream and four-year-old son King Cairo in sweet Instagram video Getting ready for Washington DC! Caitlyn Jenner grabs a coffee as she prepares for her appearance at Donald Trump's inauguration Well-dressed in coral Seeking comfort from her sister! Bella Hadid visits Gigi in snowy New York after her ex The Weeknd is spotted kissing Selena Gomez Knowles... Run The World! Sisters Beyonce and Solange go head-to-head as they compete for Best International Female Solo Artist 2017 BRIT Award Bit awkward? Little Mix's Perrie Edwards and ex-fiance Zayn Malik will battle it out for best British single at the 2017 BRIT Awards  Nominations announced Transgender singer Anohni bags nomination for Best British Female at 2017 BRIT Awards... eleven years after she was up for Best British Male White hot! Hailey Baldwin shows off her taut tummy wearing white mesh in stunning retro swimsuit shots Sultry in series of solo posts on Instagram Sofia Richie flaunts lace bra and washboard abs in coordinated tracksuit as she attends Moschino Milan fashion show with Paris Hilton Back in a skintight minidress! Kim Kardashian is curvy in a cream number as she continues touring Dubai after $1,600 makeup masterclass She's back! Mandy Moore returns as Rapunzel in new Tangled: Before Ever After trailer Back in the gym! Ashley Graham kicks off 2017 with workout clip as she keeps her generous curves in check after a month-long holiday Nicola McLean reveals she no longer wears her wedding ring after hubby Tom Williams cheated... while Danielle Lloyd continues their feud on Twitter Let's get cracking! James Jordan and Jedward cause chaos as they break into the main house and egg the kitchen on Celebrity Big Brother 'I did advise': Brian Blessed warned George Lucas about Jar Jar Binks when filming Phantom Menace... and insists Alec Guinness did not hate Star Wars Riding high in Dubai! Kim Kardashian goes for dune buggy ride then plays with a falcon during busy UAE trip Ditches mini for a black top and maroon slacks Get the kid a psychologist': Jeremy McConnell appears bleary eyed as he parties with pals in Thailand as ex Stephanie Davis gives birth to a son 'Working on the bumper!' Vogue Williams displays her peachy posterior in skimpy bodysuit as she continues to train for The Jump 'This is begging for a pun!' Fans get smutty as Katie Price shares snap of hairless cat Dobbi perching on her behind during EIGHTH bum lift  Let one take a selfie! Prince Andrew and ex-wife Sarah Ferguson send out VERY unusual royal thank you cards to well-wishers over Christmas  GIRL ABOUT TOWN: So Royals do carry cash - and wear on-trend trainers! Stylish Duke of Kent, 81, withdraws wads of £20 notes near his Kensington Palace home  Here we go again! Pregnant Geri Horner 'quits Spice Girls reunion and leaves the group for the second time to focus on her family'  Priorities changed Brooklyn Beckham's former flame Sonia Ben Ammar looks effortlessly stylish as she walks for Dolce & Gabbana alongside Sofia Richie at Milan Men's Fashion Week EXCLUSIVE: MIC's Lucy Watson shows off toned and tanned figure skimpy pink bikini as she hits the beach in Barbados with hunky boyfriend James Dunmore 'You're right it does look like a penis!' Cheeky chap Tom Hardy laughs about his phallic signature as he signs autographs at LAX 'Things have to change': Reese Witherspoon nearly breaks down in tears as she talks importance of representing women on screen 'We're very, very close friends': Nicole Kidman looks lovely in dusty rose dress as she discusses bond with fellow actress Reese Witherspoon Picture purr-fect! Bella Thorne shows off her perfectly toned flat midriff while posing with her cat in makeup-free Snapchat photo New mum Rebekah Vardy leaves hospital alongside her father after welcoming baby boy with England striker Jamie Vardy Picture of health Mad about plaid! Melissa McCarthy, 46, shows off thinner frame in bright pantsuit as she reacts to Gilmore Girls' shocking conclusion Channing Tatum and wife Jenna Dewan coordinate in baseball hats with jeans while running errands with daughter Everly, three The BBC treated Only Fools and Horses stars as 'poor relations', claims Del Boy David Jason as he reveals why he's returned to our screens at 76 Her favorite role! Cate Blanchett gets back to mom duty during break from Broadway's The Present as she's bundled up with her kids in NYC 'He will always be in our hearts': Celine Dion pays tribute to late husband on first anniversary of his death with video full of flashback photos Dakota Fanning returns to TV for upcoming period thriller The Alienist ...15 years after her last regular series role on the small screen 'Be who you are': Paris Hilton flashes side boob in daring dress while sharing inspiring message after being spotted with mystery man in Mexico Head Start to Home Cooked Get Recipes more SHARE PICTURE Copy link to paste in your message Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Network This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Contributors Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
Contact Us Journalists Blog Log In Sign Up Send a Release News Solutions Resources Search News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News dansk Deutsch español Français italiano Nederlands norsk português suomeksi svenska Cancer Immunotherapy Market - Global Industry Analysis, Size, Share, Growth, Trends, and Forecast 2016 - 2024 News provided by Reportlinker Jan 12, 2017, 15:56 ET Share this article NEW YORK, Jan. 12, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- Global Cancer Immunotherapy Market: Overview The growing incidences of cancer and a need to treat them is the key driver of the global immunotherapy market. The number of deaths occurring due to cancer is increasing every year and has therefore forced government bodies to take initiatives for the improvement of the health conditions of people, by investing heavily in research and development and enabling innovation and advancements in technology so as to offer improved treatments. This has pushed the growth of the global cancer immunotherapy therapy. As immunotherapy therapy has a higher success rate and proven efficiency over conventional treatment methods for cancer, its demand is higher and therefore, the market is expected to witness a remarkable growth over the coming years. The treatment pipeline looks promising and is thus, expected to ensure a healthy growth of the market. The report offers forecasts of the overall cancer immunotherapy market over the global level as well as on regional levels. The estimated size of each of the segments and sub-segments has also been given in the report. Macroeconomic indicators, drivers, and restraints impacting the global cancer immunotherapy market have been included along with their impact on each region. Current challenges met by players in the cancer immunotherapy market have been elaborated on, thus giving a brief idea to readers and investors the problems they may encounter while investing in the competitive market. Global Cancer Immunotherapy Market: Trends and Drivers The global cancer immunotherapy market is expected to hold promising growth as there lies immense scope for improvement and development. The increasing number of clinical trials held particularly in immunotherapy is expected to boost the market's growth. With the recognition from various medical bodies as the foremost line of therapy over conventional chemotherapy, cancer immunotherapy is estimated to hold immense potential and growth opportunity in the coming years. However, factors such as high attrition rates during product development phase are anticipated to restrict the growth of the market. Also, an overall lack of awareness about immunotherapy being a better treatment option will impede the growth of the market. The high cost of clinical trials poses a challenge for players in the market. With many types and subtypes of cancer, having a single mode of treatment method is impossible, increasing the attrition rates of new drugs and treatments. Only a handful of contenders in the pipeline pass through the phase III trials and the rest are considered to be inefficient. This is yet another challenge faced by players in the market. Global Cancer Immunotherapy Market: Segmentation On the basis of therapeutic area, the market is segmented into colorectal cancer, lung cancer, breast cancer, melanoma, prostate cancer, and blood cancer. By end users, the global cancer immunotherapy market is segmented into ASC's (ambulatory surgical centers), hospitals, clinics, and cancer research centers. Hospitals are expected to be the leading segment in the market. On the basis of region, the market is segmented into North America, Europe, Asia-Pacific, Latin America and the Middle East and Africa. Asia Pacific is poised to witness significant growth in the market. Key Players Mentioned in this Report are: The report provides studies key players operating in the market. Some of the key players in the global cancer immunotherapy market are: F.Hoffmann-La Roche Ltd., AstraZenca Plc, Eli Lilly and Company, Amgen, Inc., Bristol-Myers Squibb Company, GlaxoSmithKline Plc., Novartis AG, Pfizer, Inc., Janssen Biotech, Inc., Merck & Co., Inc., Janssen Biotech, Inc., Merck & Co., Inc., Sanofi, Takeda Pharmaceuticals, and Spectrum Pharmaceuticals, Inc. The report segments the global cancer immunotherapy market as: By Geography: North America Asia Pacific Europe Rest of the World This report gives you access to decisive data such as: Market growth drivers Factors limiting market growth Current market trends Market structure Market projections for the coming years Key highlights of this report Overview of key market forces propelling and restraining market growth Up-to-date analyses of market trends and technological improvements Pin-point analyses of market competition dynamics to offer you a competitive edge An analysis of strategies of major competitors An array of graphics and SWOT analysis of major industry segments Detailed analyses of industry trends A well-defined technological growth map with an impact-analysis Offers a clear understanding of the competitive landscape and key product segments Read the full report: http://www.reportlinker.com/p04603766-summary/view-report.html About Reportlinker ReportLinker is an award-winning market research solution. Reportlinker finds and organizes the latest industry data so you get all the market research you need - instantly, in one place. http://www.reportlinker.com __________________________ Contact Clare: clare@reportlinker.com US: (339)-368-6001 Intl: +1 339-368-6001 To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/cancer-immunotherapy-market---global-industry-analysis-size-share-growth-trends-and-forecast-2016---2024-300390547.html SOURCE Reportlinker Related Links http://www.reportlinker.com Jan 12, 2017, 15:58 ET Preview: Global Market Study on Bio-Tech Flavors: Vanilla & Vanillin Flavor Type Segment Projected to Be the Most Prominent Segment over the Forecast Period Jan 12, 2017, 15:55 ET Preview: Oil and Gas Terminal Automation Market: Software Segment Anticipated to Dominate the Global Market Throughout the Forecast Period: Global Industry Analysis and Opportunity Assessment, 2016-2026 My News Release contains wide tables. View fullscreen. Also from this source Jan 12, 2017, 16:04 ETSimulation and Test Data Management Market: North America Region... Jan 12, 2017, 16:02 ETHealth and Fitness Market Report - Focus on Clubs and Equipment -... Explore More news releases in similar topics Publishing & Information Services Health Care & Hospitals Surveys, Polls and Research You just read: Cancer Immunotherapy Market - Global Industry Analysis, Size, Share, Growth, Trends, and Forecast 2016 - 2024 News provided by Reportlinker Jan 12, 2017, 15:56 ET Share this article Looking to send a news release with PR Newswire? Take advantage of the world's leading distribution platform. Sign up to get started Request more information Have an account? Log In Phone 8AM - 10PM ET +1-888-776-0942 Send a Release Sign Up Blog For Journalists Contact Us Search Searching for your content... Advanced Search Contact 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Chat Online with an Expert Contact Us Solutions Cision Communication Cloud™ For Marketers For Public Relations For IR & Compliance For Agency For Small Business All Products About About PR Newswire About Cision Become a Publishing Partner Become a Channel Partner Careers   Global Sites Asia Brazil Canada Europe Finland France India Israel Mexico Middle East Netherlands Sweden United Kingdom My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Terms of Use Privacy Policy Information Security Policy Statement Site Map RSS Feeds Copyright © 2017 PR Newswire Association LLC. All Rights Reserved. A Cision company. News Solutions Resources News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News dansk Deutsch español Français italiano Nederlands norsk português suomeksi svenska Phone +1-888-776-0942 8AM - 10PM ET Chat Chat Online with an Expert All contact info Send a ReleaseLog In
Channel NewsAsia Return to Mobile Site Wall St. falls before earnings and on US policy uncertainty News TV Connect Watch Live 0 My Playlist Sign In Menu News Asia Pacific Singapore World Business Sport Entertainment Technology Health Lifestyle Videos Weather MORE Photos Special Reports Archives Services PSI Live Shows News Schedule Features On The Ground Specials Facebook Twitter Linkedin YouTube Mobile SMS eNews RSS Return to Mobile Site Business International Business Wall St. falls before earnings and on US policy uncertainty The three major U.S. stock indexes closed lower on Thursday as investors waited for fourth-quarter corporate earnings and details of U.S. President-elect Donald Trump's economic policy eight days ahead of his inauguration. Posted 13 Jan 2017 00:20 Updated 13 Jan 2017 05:50 A Chinese People's Liberation Army (PLA) navy personnel stands guard on their Jiangkai II class vessel, CNS Yulin, during a display of warships ahead of the IMDEX Asia maritime defence exhibition at Changi Naval Base in Singapore May 18, 2015. REUTERS/Edgar Su Enlarge Caption  Email More A A NEW YORK: The three major U.S. stock indexes closed lower on Thursday as investors waited for fourth-quarter corporate earnings and details of U.S. President-elect Donald Trump's economic policy eight days ahead of his inauguration. While stocks pared losses as the session wore on, all but four of the S&P 500's 11 sectors ended lower, with financials leading the decline a day ahead of the first major earnings reports in that sector. The S&P had risen 6.4 percent since the Nov. 8 election. Trump on Wednesday dashed investor hopes for new details on his policy plans in his first news conference since the election, instead lashing out at U.S. spy agencies and media companies for what he called a "phony" Russia dossier and repeated promises to reform healthcare policies. On top of policy uncertainty, the market is missing stock buyback support in the quiet period ahead of earnings and individuals are putting more money into bonds than stocks, according to Jeffrey Kleintop, chief global investment strategist at Charles Schwab in Boston. "Companies can't buy shares, and individuals all of a sudden stopped buying since the election. That could be the reason we're seeing a little bit of a gap down today," said Kleintop, but the dip could be temporary if earnings beat expectations. Kleintop cited Investment Company Institute's data on Wednesday showing the biggest cash flows to bond funds from stock funds since the election. The Dow Jones Industrial Average fell 63.28 points, or 0.32 percent, to close at 19,891, the S&P 500 dropped 4.88 points, or 0.21 percent, to 2,270.44 and the Nasdaq Composite dipped 16.16 points, or 0.29 percent, to 5,547.49. The S&P had fallen as much as 0.9 percent earlier in the session, and its financial index finished off 0.74 percent, as yields on long-dated bonds fell. Brad McMillan, Chief Investment Officer for Commonwealth Financial in Waltham, Mass. said the stock market's continued proximity to its post-election peak was a positive sign. "The fact we're still bouncing along the ceiling means to me that everybody's still pretty optimistic," said McMillan. "The population is confident. They're willing to spend and they're making more money and able to spend. That's good news," he said. The S&P's healthcare sector ended up 0.07 percent after tumbling 1 percent in the previous day's session because of Trump's comments. The index was helped by a 0.9 percent increase for Merck and a 2.5 percent increase for Eli Lilly after a U.S. appeals court said it could block Teva Pharmaceutical Industries Ltd from selling a generic equivalent of Eli Lilly's top-selling lung cancer drug. JPMorgan Chase was one of the biggest drags on the S&P 500 the day before its earnings report was due, losing nearly 1 percent. Declining issues outnumbered advancing ones on the NYSE by a 1.55-to-1 ratio; on Nasdaq, a 1.96-to-1 ratio favored decliners. The S&P 500 posted 10 new 52-week highs and four new lows; the Nasdaq Composite recorded 60 new highs and 21 new lows. More than 6.7 billion shares changed hands on U.S. exchanges, higher than the 6.5 billion average in the last 20 sessions. (Additional reporting by Yashaswini Swamynathan in Bengaluru; Editing by Steve Orlofsky and James Dalgleish) - Reuters Email More YOU MAY ALSO LIKE From Our Website From the Web Happening Now new window view more My Facebook Friends Back To Top JUMP TO Select Section Asia Pacific Singapore World Business Sport Entertainment Technology Health Lifestyle Videos Weather Photos Special Reports Archives Services PSI Navigate to: News TV Connect Watch Live GET OUR APPS iPhone/iPad Android Get Our News Facebook Twitter Linkedin YouTube Mobile SMS eNews RSS News Asia Pacific World Sport Technology Lifestyle Photos Archives Singapore Business Entertainment Health Videos Special Reports TV Live News Schedule Shows Services Weather ADVERTISE WITH US Online Mobile TV Contact Sales Channel NewsAsia Channel News Asia About Us Coverage Hotel Partners Events & Seminars Presenters & Correspondents Contact Us Mediacorp Mediacorp News Group © 2017 About Mediacorp Pte Ltd Terms and Conditions Privacy Policy Back To Top
  Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Wires Home My Profile Logout Login Feedback DailyMail NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad US STOCKS-Wall St falls ahead of earnings and on uncertainty about Trump policies By Reuters Published: 15:37 EST, 12 January 2017 | Updated: 15:37 EST, 12 January 2017 e-mail By Sinead Carew Jan 12 (Reuters) - The three major U.S. stock indexes declined on Thursday as investors awaited fourth-quarter earnings and details of President-elect Donald Trump's economic policy, bringing a pause to a rally driven by his campaign promises of lower taxes and fiscal stimulus. While stocks pared losses as the session wore on, all but three of the S&P 500's eleven sectors were still down, with the financial sector leading the decline a day ahead of its first major earnings reports. The S&P had risen 6.4 percent since the election of Donald Trump as president. Trump on Wednesday gave no details on tax cuts or infrastructure spending in his first news conference since the election. He instead lashed out at U.S. spy agencies and media companies for what he called a "phony" Russia dossier. On top of policy uncertainty, the market is missing stock buyback support in the quiet period ahead of earnings and individuals are putting more money into bonds than stocks, according to Jeffrey Kleintop, chief global investment strategist at Charles Schwab in Boston. "Companies can't buy shares, and individuals all of a sudden stopped buying since the election. That could be the reason we're seeing a little bit of a gap down today," said Kleintop, but he noted that the dip could be temporary if earnings are better than expected. Kleintop cited Investment Company Institute's data on Wednesday showing the biggest cash flows to bond funds from stock funds since the election. At 3 PM ET, the Dow Jones Industrial Average was down 61.13 points, or 0.31 percent, at 19,893.15, the S&P 500 5.4 points, or 0.24 percent, lower at 2,269.92 and the Nasdaq Composite off 20.68 points, or 0.37 percent, at 5,542.97. The S&P had fallen as much as 0.9 percent earlier in the session, and its S&P's financial index was down 0.7 percent, as yields on long-dated bonds fell. The telecommunications and real estate sectors were the best performers with 0.7 and 0.3 percent increases, respectively, as so-called bond substitute sectors reacted to changes in yields. The S&P's healthcare sector clung to a 0.08 percent increase after tumbling 1 percent in the previous day's session. The index was helped by a 1.4 percent increase for Merck after multiple broker upgrades and a 2.9 percent increase for Eli Lilly after a U.S. appeals court said it could block Teva Pharmaceutical Industries Ltd from selling a generic equivalent of its top-selling lung cancer drug. Microsoft fell 1 percent and Apple dropped 0.6 percent, making them the biggest drags on the S&P. Declining issues outnumbered advancing ones on the NYSE by a 1.54-to-1 ratio; on the Nasdaq, a 1.97-to-1 ratio favored decliners. The S&P 500 posted nine 52-week highs and four new lows; the Nasdaq Composite recorded 51 new highs and 20 new lows. (Additional reporting by Yashaswini Swamynathan in Bengaluru; Editing by Savio D'Souza and Steve Orlofsky) Share or comment on this article e-mail Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article. Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail     DON'T MISS 'It's a huge shock': Binky Felstead reveals she is expecting her first baby with on/off co-star Josh Patterson... but they're 'still not officially together' PICTURE EXCLUSIVE Kourtney Kardashian, 37, wears a sheer bra for late-night rendezvous with former flame Justin Bieber, 22 'I was on the verge of a breakdown' : Olly Murs' mother reveals her heartache that son Ben has disowned the family over X Factor row Katy Perry debuts dramatic blonde dye-job as she surprise Orlando Bloom with a secret 40th birthday bash in Palm Springs Scarlet siren! Myleene Klass flaunts her enviably toned figure in skimpy red bikini as she goes body-boarding during exotic family getaway in Sri Lanka 'He's so proud of her': Danniella Westbrook set to appear on Loose Women with son Kai as she continues comeback following cocaine relapse Lewis Hamilton turns heads in bright yellow hoodie while arriving at LAX... as 'Valtteri Bottas' switch from Williams to Mercedes is set to be clarified' Paris Hilton flaunts her slender waist and endless legs in gold-embroidered LBD as she attends Milan Men's Fashion Week  'Show us the chopper!': Chloe Ferry demands Jamie O'Hara flashes his manhood... as Kim Woodburn and James Cosmo blast her 'gross' behaviour 'I'm gutted with myself!': CBB's James Jordan apologises to Jamie O'Hara after 'mugging him off' by calling him a 'washed-up footballer' Blac Chyna only has eyes for Rob Kardashian as the couple pack on the PDA for a flight to NYC The pair looked besotted at JFK airport Sunday 'We didn't go out of our way to keep it secret': Katherine Kelly reveals she has given birth to a second child called Rose after keeping pregnancy under wraps Baby and me! Olivia Wilde snuggles her newborn protectively as she enjoys a brisk walk in frosty Brooklyn Daisy in tow for the Sunday stroll Elizabeth Hurley, 51, looks incredibly youthful in blue midi dress with cross-shoulder detail as she attends Milan Men's Fashion Week Have Ellen DeGeneres and wife Portia de Rossi found an Australian home? Talk show host and actress request an inspection of $5.8 million Victoria mansion  'I can't work out whether it's amazing, genius or the worst episode I've seen!': Sherlock fans go wild over 'gory' series finale  New John le Carre spy drama for TV: BBC to follow up success of The Night Manager with adaptation of The Spy Who Came In From The Cold  'I have literally nothing to hide': Fitspo star Kayla Itsines opens up about the benefits of her drink and drug-free lifestyle as she poses for stunning shoot in Vogue Australia Josie Gibson winces as she suffers a nasty fall during training for The Jump in Austria... as Eddie 'The Eagle' Edwards is 'AXED from disaster-prone show for voicing safety concerns 'I still have a hangover!' Rebecca Judd complains about her 'rough day' after partying at the Portsea Polo as she laments about returning to work  'You're a fat slob!': CBB's Kim Woodburn and James Jordan become embroiled in a furious row with the cleaner claiming 'no one can stomach him'  Married at last? Sonia Kruger, 51 sparks speculation she has wed long-term partner Craig McPherson after stepping out while sporting a ring on THAT finger Wet 'n' wild! Alessandra Ambrosio displays her flawless physique in very tiny black bikini as she enjoys a dip in the sea in Brazil PICTURE EXCLUSIVE Kristin Cavallari relaxes in a bikini as she hires a yacht to celebrate Jay Cutler's 30th With their three young children Getting pizza all over her frock, 'shooing away' a cocktail waitress and interrupting interviews: Nicole Kidman's 'bizarre behaviour' at the Golden Globes revealed One piece wonder! Kelly Bensimon, 49, flaunts her figure in sexy black one piece with hip side cutouts Proved you don't need a bikini to look sexy Tamara Ecclestone shares cute pictures of her daughter Sophia, 2, showing off her skiing skills before enjoying a pony ride in Gstaad Enjoying Switzerland Making a stellar appearance! Nicole Richie snuggles up in star-spangled unicorn onesie at pyjama party Held hands with rocker husband, Joel Madden Dressed down Kylie Jenner giggles as she enjoys a night out at a burger joint with boyfriend Tyga She's notan expensive date. A royal faux pas? The Crown's Matt Smith spotted smoking 'suspicious looking cigarette' outside a London pub while on a night out with pals  Moving Swift-ly on? Giggling Tom Hiddleston is spotted bidding farewell to a mystery brunette during evening stroll back in London 'Mariah's filled with regret over James': Carey has 'reached out' to ex-fiance Packer to help her brand recover after New Year's Eve lip-syncing saga Church time! Gwen Stefani is a model mum in plaid as she attends worship services with her three sons Headed to church in Los Angeles on Sunday 'She's finally happy again': Cassandra Thorburn is willing to forgive ex-husband Karl Stefanovic and move on following their high profile split Hidden Figures counts up $20.5 million as it holds on to top spot at the box office for a second weekend About mathematicians who helped NASA put John Glenn into space  The reality of Instagram! Pia Muehlenbeck's hilarious before and after shots reveal what REALLY happens when models try to take the perfect beach shot 'Pajama jammy jam!' Kourtney Kardashian cuddles up to Kim's bestie Chrissy Teigen at Cash Warren's star-studded PJ party 'I will be ok!' Priyanka Chopra updates fans after dangerous fall on Quantico set left her with concussion Left hospitalised after a nasty fall  'I left the hospital looking 5 months pregnant': Peta Murgatroyd says 'real life' means female bodies don't just shrink back into shape Former TOWIE star Abi Clarke flaunts her eye-popping assets as she goes braless in extreme plunging playsuit and thigh-highs on night out She's got a lot of cheek! Bikini clad Holly Hagan flaunts her perky derriere in sizzling belfies during romantic breakaway to Thailand 'She's like my wife!' Amanda Peet describes relationship with BFF Sarah Paulson as 'intense and visceral' after THAT Golden Globes red carpet kiss 'I don't want to be at the centre of attention': Amanda Seyfried opens up about her upcoming wedding to Thomas Sadoski as she stuns in Prada on the cover of Vogue Australia Shedding for the wedding? Bonnie Sveen reveals her dramatic slim-down amid rumours her boyfriend Nathan Gooley is ready to pop the question Ariana Grande showcases her slender pins in sexy Instagram to promote her Dangerous Woman Tour Sultry shot of herself donning a black unitard 'Fastest retirement in history': Steven Jacobs returns to Today's weather segment less than two months after departing to live in Vanuatu 'Back in action': Yolanda Hadid shares behind the scenes shot as she joins daughter Gigi on Tommy Hilfiger shoot 'Causing trouble with him': Louise Thompson flaunts her toned body in yet ANOTHER workout video with beau Ryan Libbey... as she claims she's gained weight on holiday 'If I don't get a husband after this...': Jessica Wright embodies Christina Aguilera in raunchy leather chaps on new show Dance Dance Dance Is the sun setting on Sam and Kochie? Sunrise co-host David Koch 'wants Armytage replaced with Edwina Bartholomew' as ratings battle with Today Show's Karl and Lisa heats up Always camera ready! Jennifer Lopez turns shopping trip into a modelling shoot as she poses against a wall   Jennifer Lopez doesn't do casual. 'A bit of graft and willpower': Vicky Pattison shows off her incredibly toned figure in a sexy orange bikini at health retreat in Portugal after vowing to lose 10lbs 2DayFM 'under fire' after it's revealed new 'Sydney' breakfast show will be broadcast from Melbourne after Sam Frost and Rove McManus get dumped Amanda Seyfried shows off her bump in a grey sweater on outing with fiancé Thomas Sadoski Confirmed her first pregnancy in November 'No greater blessing than family!' Ciara's boy supports stepdad Russell Wilson's team... while his birth father Future backs the other side She's back! Kim Kardashian is her old self again as she sits astride a buggy and poses with a falcon on Dubai modelling shoot 'They're speaking all the time': Blake Garvey has been a 'shoulder to cry on' for Sam Frost following Bachelorette's split from Sasha Mielczarek Bikini-clad Billie Lourd holds hands with Taylor Lautner on sunshine break after the death of mother Carrie Fisher Mourning her mother and grandmother They played in Chelsea! Frankie Bridge celebrates her 27th birthday with retired footballer husband Wayne  Tina Fey pays tribute to Carrie Fisher as she appears in hologram form on Saturday Night Live Admitted she was 'nervous' about the gig Three generations of Beckham! David returns to Old Trafford with son Cruz and dad Ted as the trio watch Manchester United take on Liverpool 'Of course it's f*****g good to challenge your audience!' Sherlock creator Mark Gatiss slams fans who find the show confusing... and tells them to 'go read a children's book' 'Pound Shop today Harrods tomorrow!' Katie Price wraps up in a cosy designer ensemble during cut-price weekend shopping trip Looking bootyful! Kim Kardashian shows off her shapely rear in a form fitting white dress She's officially back at work, with a whirlwind tour of Dubai. 'Spray tan lyfe!' Ashley Graham strips down to her bikini as she flaunts her freshly tanned figure The plus-size stunner is a positive body image activist Prince George 'WON'T attend the same school as his father as Kate and William opt for smaller, more discreet pre-prep closer to Kensington Palace'  So good it's criminal! Busty Lauren Goodger flaunts her hourglass curves in saucy selfie... after supporting violent rap song penned by jailbird boyfriend's brother Before she shot to fame: Nicola McLean totes rifle as teen army cadet in newly-unveiled snaps... as pal Maria Fowler insists Tom Williams won't leave her over CBB flirting It's Kueen Kim! Kardashian is treated to a dance display as she gets the royal welcome in Dubai Now she knows how Kate Middleton feels EXCLUSIVE! Jessica Cunningham 'pretended she was sick' in order to ditch an online chat show deal at the last minute to enter the Big Brother house PJ-clad Jessica Alba plays beer pong at husband Cash Warren's birthday bash Also included a clip of designer Rachel Zoe engaging in the  sport Louise Thompson shows off her toned and tanned body in ANOTHER sun-soaked bikini snap on  break with boyfriend Ryan Libbey 'You just don't feel sexy!' The Hills star Audrina Patridge dishes on her love life after birth of baby daughter Kirra Thrill seeker! Ariel Winter squeals with delight as she takes her niece to Disneyland on her sixth birthday She was treating her to a day out Very cheeky! Chloe Madeley flashes her round posterior in racy grey swimsuit as she shares saucy belfie Flaunted her toned physique  Bare-faced beauty! Chloe Moretz keeps it casual in ripped sweatshirt and leggings Actress proved she doesn't need make-up or fancy clothes Getting fruity! Mollie King larks around with a pair of oranges in a skimpy bikini showing off her tanned flat stomach on holiday in Jamaica 'She's evil!': Scotty T slams 'thick' Geordie Shore co-star Chloe Ferry... after she left viewers DISGUSTED with her raunchy CBB antics Beefcake in Milan! Paris Hilton cosies up to muscle-bound models at Plein Sport runway show The reality TV icon later DJed the Sesto Sento Club in Lonato Former Corrie actress Katie Redford lands a new role on Archers after being axed from soap for lying about her age Axed two years ago She's got a lot of cheek! Bikini clad Holly Hagan flaunts her perky derriere and ample assets in sizzling selfie during sun soaked trip to Thailand He doesn't do things by halves! Rocco Ritchie can't contain his laughter as he breaks his skateboard in two while out and about in London MIC's Nicola Hughes puts on a leggy display in a chic olive dress as she enjoys a night out on the town Fun for all the family! Vanessa Paradis and new boyfriend Samuel Benchetrit appear downcast as they take Lily Rose Depp for a day of shopping in Paris Some helping hands! Blac Chyna heads to the mall with TWO nannies to help look after son King Cairo and baby Dream 'You're a very handsome man, aren't you?' CBB's Chloe Ferry flirts up a storm with bemused Calum Best... and offers to flash her VAGINA to everyone Christina Milian flaunts her ample cleavage in a saucy ensemble as she parties with BFF Karrueche Tran Thigh-grazing latex mini skirt 'She is smitten': Amber Heard said to be besotted with billionaire Elon Musk... as she prepares for 'new chapter' following Johnny Depp divorce Booty and the beach! Shirtless Gaz Beadle gets VERY tactile with bikini-clad girlfriend Emma McVey as he cheekily gropes her bum during romantic Emirates break The Apprentice's Frances Bishop displays her endless curves and perky posterior in skimpy bikini during sun soaked break to Dubai  Suki Waterhouse flaunts her tanned and toned physique in a skimpy bikini as she jogs along the beach in Mexico Went for a run along the Mayan Riviera Scarlett Moffatt highlights her dramatically slimmed down frame in a plunging floral minidress after making appearance on Sunday Brunch Plaid to see you! Pregnant Natalie Portman covers her large baby bump in a stylish checked jacket as she goes for leisurely park stroll Actress Emily Watson insists middle-aged sexuality is 'ignored' as she takes on new role as a cheating mother in racy BBC thriller  X Factor winner Matt Terry gets a kiss from a male pal as he enjoys a night out... after revealing Freddy Parker is moving out of their bachelor pad Lindsay Lohan cuts a chic figure in a quirky dog print co-ord as she enjoys a night out with a male friend in Milan   She's currently holidaying in one of the world's most stylish cities It's Compl-Ex! Danielle Bux grabs lunch with former husband-turned pal Gary Lineker in LA as they continue their budding friendship... then joins new man Nate Greenwald for dinner Lily James cuts a concerned figure as she talks anxiously on the phone...after boyfriend Matt Smith is spotted 'smoking suspicious cigarette'  Scarlett Moffatt looks slimmer than ever in all black ensemble as she hits the town with mum Betty... after fans urged 'gaunt' star to stop losing weight Shock for Harry's girl: Meghan Markle's BROTHER is arrested and charged with holding a gun to a woman's head 'in row during late night drinking session at his flat' Prince William will give up his career as a helicopter pilot to become a full-time royal as Queen hands over duties Girls' shopping trip! Katie Holmes takes daughter Suri Cruise to children's clothing store in LA Spotted on Saturday enjoying a bit of weekend quality time Mariah Carey sports plunging LBD as she and toyboy Bryan Tanaka step out in London Displayed her figure in a form-fitting dress  Pretty in pink! Lindsay Lohan steps out in sexy silky ensemble in Milan The 30-year-old former wild-child was spotted looking pretty in pink as she left her hotel in Milan PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Victoria Beckham wraps up in winter white polo neck as she enjoys girly day shopping with daughter Harper Back from the Maldives Sylvester Stallone's daughters Sophia, 20, and Sistine, 18, sizzles in coordinating black ensembles alongside their mother Jennifer at star-studded Dolce & Gabbana party Hunky dory: Hollywood heartthrobs Chris Hemsworth and Matt Damon catch up over dinner in LA with Chris' wife Elsa Pataky Blac Chyna in the red? Star threatened with lawsuit for $3million in 'unpaid fees' as 'longtime managers' claim she 'cut them out' of lucrative deals Gwen Stefani's ex-husband, Daisy Lowe's father, the singer from Bush, and now the coach contestants don't really want...Gavin Rossdale joins The Voice UK, by Jim Shelley Heard what James said? Pierce Brosnan looks stern during press conference... after chatshow host Corden labels him 'rudest' celebrity Sid Owen celebrates his 45th birthday by partying in London with pals including Jade Jones and Leigh Francis  Progress report! Justin Bieber checks in on protégé Madison Beer over dinner at trendy Catch LA BBC brands its OWN show 's**t' in awkward Twitter blunder as they retweet Let It Shine criticism  Danielle Lloyd snuggles up to fiancé Michael O'Neill on night out... as she admits to being a 'crazy b***h' after online trolls began targeting her when ex Jamie O'Hara entered CBB Why I never let Claudia Winkleman look in the mirror as a child: The Strictly host's mother EVE POLLARD says it's the best thing you can do for your daughters  'The day my world became complete': Stephanie Davis posts first adorable snap of baby boy... 'after revealing she'll name  son after stranger who chatted her up' 'Love on the sand': Photoshop enthusiast Natasha Oakley puts on a loved up display with beau Gilles Souteyrand  as she continues to holiday in the Caribbean Pajama party! Chrissy Teigen and John Legend rock ridiculous chicken themed onesies in hilarious snaps Georgia May Foote cosies up to new boyfriend George Alsford in a series of sunny snaps from romantic holiday Lisa Rinna, 53, sizzles in skintight leather trousers alongside her model daughter Delilah, 18, as they dine in LA 'Starting to see the results and it feels so good!' Jennifer Ellison reveals her slimmer physique after losing more than a stone in ONE month Actress Lily Collins: 'My famous surname made me work harder' Drummer's daughter was top of screen legend Warren Beatty's casting list for latest film 'Sometimes I can't breathe': Danielle Lloyd claims she has panic attacks and is 'too frightened' to leave the house due to trolling since ex Jamie O'Hara  appeared on CBB Bottoms up! Kirsten Dunst flaunts her toned pins and perky derriere in skintight denims as she hides her jaw-dropping engagement ring in LA 'When she's had a few drinks, she's crazy': CBB's Jamie O'Hara slams ex-wife Danielle Lloyd as he claims she's 'absolutely crackers' on a night out Eagle-eyed fans point out embarrassing EastEnders gaffe... as Mick Carter celebrates his 40th birthday on the WRONG date Fierce fashion instincts! Mandy Moore rocks chic animal print gown at Elle's Women in Television honors Pink throws daughter Willow Sage celebratory 'big sister party' as she lovingly cradles newborn son Jameson Moon Victoria Beckham 'takes legal action to block Spice Girls reunion'... as Geri Horner announces she's leaving GEM to focus on her family' 'It's nice to feel you've got support!' One Direction's Louis Tomlinson praises former bandmate Zayn Malik as he wins two nominations at 2017 BRIT Awards Spellbinding! Jessica Biel shows off her shapely legs in cut-out skirt as she attends premiere party for Just Add Magic EXCLUSIVE: ITV stalwarts Phillip Schofield and Holly Willoughby can't contain their laughter as they join glamorous Lorraine Kelly in new promo Kim Kardashian's former bodyguard breaks his silence on Paris robbery and says he's 'not avoiding anything' about the heist or WHY he was sacked 'I trained her like an athlete': Khloe Kardashian's trainer spills the secrets behind the star's enviable body - including countless squats, 'sled pushing' and intense boxing Beach bum! Instagram sensation Pia Muehlenbeck flaunts pert posterior and ample assets oceanside 'I wish R.I.P. meant Return If Possible': Celine Dion unveils powerful new a cappella song in tribute to late husband Rene one year after his death 'It's an uphill struggle': Sienna Miller reveals she hasn't filmed a movie for a year claiming there 'aren't many great roles for women' Run Daniel, run! James Bond star Craig makes a dash for it through the busy streets to make it to the New York Theater in time for his performance in Othello Make-up free Kate Hudson bundles up in all black with red cap as she steps out with Kurt Russell in Beverly Hills 'When you have a rare cappuccino': Ronan Keating's pregnant wife Storm sips on coffee as she heads into her third trimester in a matter of weeks 'Thanks Uncle Snoop!' Miley Cyrus poses by a marijuana bar at weed-themed birthday party for boyfriend Liam Hemsworth Lamar Odom says the first he knew of his near fatal drugs overdose was waking up to find Khloé Kardashian at his side in hospital Sneak peak interview 'Bringin' the 80's back!' Lauren Pope flaunts her pert derriere in sizzling neon swimsuit as she enjoys Dubai holiday with new Geordie Shore beau Aaron Chalmers Pregnant Billie Faiers displays her blossoming baby bump in black bikini after jetting to Dubai for her 27th birthday celebration Brad Pitt looks relaxed as he hangs out with Sting and Chris Cornell at star-studded EB disease benefit in Malibu 'Current mood': Naomi Watts shares flashack photo of herself as a bored schoolgirl in Brides of Christ as she complains about being on set past midnight  'You're in the wrong, just shut up!' Kim Woodburn throws EPIC tantrum after Geordie Shore's Chloe Ferry 'soaks' her by jumping into the CBB hot tub Move over sisters! Kendall Jenner steals the Kardashian spotlight with racy HEADLESS bikini selfie that forces followers to check out her body Orange you glad she came! Shailene Woodley sizzles in vibrant statement coat at star-studded Elle's Women in Television bash 'I heard nothing and saw everything!' Twitter goes wild as Roxanne Pallett's actor ex strips off to reveal his rippling muscles after making it through on Let It Shine Love is in the air! Matthew McConaughey looks casually cool in a stylish camel coat as he and wife Camilla Alves jet over to New York City 'She was her enemy': Elizabeth Taylor 'disliked' Sophia Loren as she feared the siren could steal love Richard Burton away, new book claims 'I'm gutted!': Emma Willis reveals disappointment over Austin Armacost's shock eviction from CBB... as show bosses face backlash for his awkward exit GIRL ABOUT TOWN: Is Sheridan Smith pregnant? The 35-year-old actress is seen regularly rubbing her stomach while singing Selena Gomez and The Weeknd's romance didn't break the friend code with Bella Hadid... because 'they're only acquaintances' GIRL ABOUT TOWN: Harry and Meghan are set to slope off for a romantic break... but poor old William may miss his Alpine adventure with Kate  'Grooming day!': Jenna Dewan Tatum shows off flawless make-up free face during futuristic-like skin session From Hollywood to Bollywood! Ruby Rose reveals she has ambitions to cut it in Asian market Classic colors! Reese Witherspoon and Nicole Kidman shine in black and white ensembles at Elle's Women in Television celebration 'HAPPY Z DAY'! Taylor Swift celebrates Zayn Malik's birthday by teasing their Fifty Shades Darker music video Spot the rock! Kate Mara sports a large ring glinting on her left hand as it emerges that she is engaged to Fantastic Four co-star Jamie Bell Another baby on the way! Jeff Goldblum, 64, is expecting second child with wife Emilie Livingston, 33 Announcement on Instagram 'They're giving things another go': Stevi Ritchie and Chloe-Jasmine Whichello 'are back together'... four months after calling off their engagement 'My babies': Blac Chyna cuddles up to her nine-week-old daughter Dream and four-year-old son King Cairo in sweet Instagram video Getting ready for Washington DC! Caitlyn Jenner grabs a coffee as she prepares for her appearance at Donald Trump's inauguration Well-dressed in coral Seeking comfort from her sister! Bella Hadid visits Gigi in snowy New York after her ex The Weeknd is spotted kissing Selena Gomez Knowles... Run The World! Sisters Beyonce and Solange go head-to-head as they compete for Best International Female Solo Artist 2017 BRIT Award Bit awkward? Little Mix's Perrie Edwards and ex-fiance Zayn Malik will battle it out for best British single at the 2017 BRIT Awards  Nominations announced Transgender singer Anohni bags nomination for Best British Female at 2017 BRIT Awards... eleven years after she was up for Best British Male White hot! Hailey Baldwin shows off her taut tummy wearing white mesh in stunning retro swimsuit shots Sultry in series of solo posts on Instagram Sofia Richie flaunts lace bra and washboard abs in coordinated tracksuit as she attends Moschino Milan fashion show with Paris Hilton Back in a skintight minidress! Kim Kardashian is curvy in a cream number as she continues touring Dubai after $1,600 makeup masterclass She's back! Mandy Moore returns as Rapunzel in new Tangled: Before Ever After trailer Back in the gym! Ashley Graham kicks off 2017 with workout clip as she keeps her generous curves in check after a month-long holiday Nicola McLean reveals she no longer wears her wedding ring after hubby Tom Williams cheated... while Danielle Lloyd continues their feud on Twitter Let's get cracking! James Jordan and Jedward cause chaos as they break into the main house and egg the kitchen on Celebrity Big Brother 'I did advise': Brian Blessed warned George Lucas about Jar Jar Binks when filming Phantom Menace... and insists Alec Guinness did not hate Star Wars Riding high in Dubai! Kim Kardashian goes for dune buggy ride then plays with a falcon during busy UAE trip Ditches mini for a black top and maroon slacks Get the kid a psychologist': Jeremy McConnell appears bleary eyed as he parties with pals in Thailand as ex Stephanie Davis gives birth to a son 'Working on the bumper!' Vogue Williams displays her peachy posterior in skimpy bodysuit as she continues to train for The Jump 'This is begging for a pun!' Fans get smutty as Katie Price shares snap of hairless cat Dobbi perching on her behind during EIGHTH bum lift  Let one take a selfie! Prince Andrew and ex-wife Sarah Ferguson send out VERY unusual royal thank you cards to well-wishers over Christmas  GIRL ABOUT TOWN: So Royals do carry cash - and wear on-trend trainers! Stylish Duke of Kent, 81, withdraws wads of £20 notes near his Kensington Palace home  Here we go again! Pregnant Geri Horner 'quits Spice Girls reunion and leaves the group for the second time to focus on her family'  Priorities changed Brooklyn Beckham's former flame Sonia Ben Ammar looks effortlessly stylish as she walks for Dolce & Gabbana alongside Sofia Richie at Milan Men's Fashion Week EXCLUSIVE: MIC's Lucy Watson shows off toned and tanned figure skimpy pink bikini as she hits the beach in Barbados with hunky boyfriend James Dunmore 'You're right it does look like a penis!' Cheeky chap Tom Hardy laughs about his phallic signature as he signs autographs at LAX 'Things have to change': Reese Witherspoon nearly breaks down in tears as she talks importance of representing women on screen 'We're very, very close friends': Nicole Kidman looks lovely in dusty rose dress as she discusses bond with fellow actress Reese Witherspoon Picture purr-fect! Bella Thorne shows off her perfectly toned flat midriff while posing with her cat in makeup-free Snapchat photo New mum Rebekah Vardy leaves hospital alongside her father after welcoming baby boy with England striker Jamie Vardy Picture of health Mad about plaid! Melissa McCarthy, 46, shows off thinner frame in bright pantsuit as she reacts to Gilmore Girls' shocking conclusion Channing Tatum and wife Jenna Dewan coordinate in baseball hats with jeans while running errands with daughter Everly, three The BBC treated Only Fools and Horses stars as 'poor relations', claims Del Boy David Jason as he reveals why he's returned to our screens at 76 Her favorite role! Cate Blanchett gets back to mom duty during break from Broadway's The Present as she's bundled up with her kids in NYC 'He will always be in our hearts': Celine Dion pays tribute to late husband on first anniversary of his death with video full of flashback photos Dakota Fanning returns to TV for upcoming period thriller The Alienist ...15 years after her last regular series role on the small screen 'Be who you are': Paris Hilton flashes side boob in daring dress while sharing inspiring message after being spotted with mystery man in Mexico Head Start to Home Cooked Get Recipes more SHARE PICTURE Copy link to paste in your message Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Network This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Contributors Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
Contact Us Journalists Blog Log In Sign Up Send a Release News Solutions Resources Search News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News dansk Deutsch español Français italiano Nederlands norsk português suomeksi svenska Hospital Acquired Infection Treatment Market - Global Industry Analysis, Size, Share, Growth, Trends, and Forecast 2016 - 2024 News provided by Reportlinker Jan 12, 2017, 13:18 ET Share this article NEW YORK, Jan. 12, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- Global Hospital Acquired Infection Treatment Market: Overview This report on hospital acquired infection treatment, studies the current as well as future prospects of the market globally. Hospital infections are also referred to as healthcare-associated infections (HAIs), or nosocomial infections or hospital-acquired infection (HAIs). HAIs can be defined as those infections that occur in patients when they are admitted to a hospital or any other health-care facility with which they were not suffering from at the time of their admission. Hospital acquired infection also includes those infections that are acquired in the hospital but appear after the discharge of the patient, as well as the occupational infections among hospital staff. Several antimicrobial drugs have proven their effectiveness in treating a range of hospital infections that are globally prevalent at present. Global Hospital Acquired Infection Treatment Market: Research Methodologies The report is a combination of primary and secondary research. Primary research formed the bulk of our research efforts, with information collected from telephonic interviews and interactions via e-mail. Secondary research involved study of company websites, annual reports, press releases, stock analysis presentations, and various national and international databases. The report provides market size in terms of US$ Mn for each segment for the period from 2016 to 2024, considering the macro and micro-environmental factors. Growth rates for each segment within the hospital acquired infection treatment market have been determined after a thorough analysis of past trends, demographics, future trends, technological developments, expenditure, and regulatory requirements. The market overview section of the report includes qualitative analysis of the overall hospital acquired infection treatment market including the determining factors and market dynamics such as drivers, restraints, market trends and opportunities, along with white space analysis. In addition, market attractiveness analysis by country, isotopic application and end-user along with competitive landscape by key players have been provided which explain the intensity of competition in the market considering different geographical locations. The competitive scenario between market players has been evaluated through market share analysis. These factors would help the market players take strategic decisions in order to strengthen their positions and increase their shares in the global market. Global Hospital Acquired Infection Treatment Market: Scope of the Study The market for hospital acquired infection treatment is segmented into antibacterial, antiviral, antifungal treatment and other treatment. Antibacterial treatment segment is expected to be most attractive segment during the forecast period. Increased consumption of antibiotics globally is fueling the growth of this segment. The hospital infection therapeutics market is also segmented on the basis of infection types, which includes urinary tract infections, hospital-acquired pneumonia, bloodstream infections, surgical site infections and other infections. Urinary tract infection is among the most common hospital acquired infection affecting millions of people worldwide which shows high CAGR during the forecast period. The retail pharmacies segment accounted for the major share of global hospital acquired infection treatment market. Increasing healthcare awareness and development of new antibiotics due to completion in key players is driving demand for the segment. Geographically, the hospital infection therapeutics market has been categorized into five regions namely, North America, Europe, Asia Pacific, Latin America and Middle East & Africa. Asia Pacific has the highest growth rate and is expected to overtake Europe in the future. The major factor responsible for high growth rate are rapidly increasing prevalence of hospital-acquired infections in the region, due to unhygienic conditions and improper sterilization treatment. The market size and forecast for each of these regions has been provided for the period 2016 to 2024. Global Hospital Acquired Infection Treatment Market: Competitive Landscape A list of recommendations has been provided for new entrants as well as existing market players to help them establish a strong presence in the market and increase their share. The report also profiles major players of the hospital acquired infection treatment market on the basis of various attributes such as company overview, financial overview, business strategies, product portfolio and recent developments. Some of the major players profiled in this report include Abbott , AstraZeneca plc, Bayer AG, Pfizer Inc., Cubist Pharmaceuticals, Inc., GlaxoSmithKline plc, Cepheid, Johnson & Johnson Services, Inc., Merck & Co., Inc., Pfizer, Inc., and Cipla Inc., Astellas Pharma Inc., Aridis Pharmaceuticals, Inc., Daiichi Sankyo, Inc., Eli Lilly and Company, Bristol-Myers Squibb Company, and F. Hoffmann-La Roche Ltd. The Global Hospital Acquired Infection Treatment Market is segmented as follows: Global Hospital Acquired Infection Treatment Market, by Infection Type Urinary Tract Infections Ventilator Associated Pneumonia Surgical Site Infections Bloodstream Infections Other Hospital Infections (Gastrointestinal Infection, ENT Infections, Skin Infection and Bone Infection) Global Hospital Acquired Infection Treatment Market, by Treatment Antibacterial Treatment Beta-Lactams Quinolones Vancomycin Other Antiviral Treatment Acyclovir Foscarnet Antifungal Treatment Amphotericin B Triazoles Other (Antiparasitic, Antiprotozoal and Anti TB Treatment) Global Hospital Acquired Infection Treatment Market, by Distribution Channel Hospital Pharmacies Retail Pharmacies Drug Store E-Commerce Other Hospital Infection Therapeutics Market, by Geography North America Europe Asia-Pacific Latin America Middle East and Africa Read the full report: http://www.reportlinker.com/p04603760-summary/view-report.html About Reportlinker ReportLinker is an award-winning market research solution. Reportlinker finds and organizes the latest industry data so you get all the market research you need - instantly, in one place. http://www.reportlinker.com __________________________ Contact Clare: clare@reportlinker.com US: (339)-368-6001 Intl: +1 339-368-6001 To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/hospital-acquired-infection-treatment-market---global-industry-analysis-size-share-growth-trends-and-forecast-2016---2024-300390349.html SOURCE Reportlinker Related Links http://www.reportlinker.com Jan 12, 2017, 13:19 ET Preview: Ayurvedic Market Analysis & Trends - Healthcare Products (Ayurvedic Nutraceuticals, Ayurvedic Medicines), Personal Care Products (Skin Care, Oral Care, Hair Care & Fragrances), Distribution Channel (Internet Retailing, Supermarkets) - Forecast to 20 Jan 12, 2017, 13:17 ET Preview: Head-Up Displays : Fixed, Wearable, and Augmented Reality Displays for Automotive, Aerospace, Maritime, and Wearable Applications: Global Market Analysis and Forecasts My News Release contains wide tables. View fullscreen. Also from this source Jan 12, 2017, 16:04 ETSimulation and Test Data Management Market: North America Region... Jan 12, 2017, 16:02 ETHealth and Fitness Market Report - Focus on Clubs and Equipment -... Explore More news releases in similar topics Publishing & Information Services Health Care & Hospitals Surveys, Polls and Research You just read: Hospital Acquired Infection Treatment Market - Global Industry Analysis, Size, Share, Growth, Trends, and Forecast 2016 - 2024 News provided by Reportlinker Jan 12, 2017, 13:18 ET Share this article Looking to send a news release with PR Newswire? Take advantage of the world's leading distribution platform. Sign up to get started Request more information Have an account? Log In Phone 8AM - 10PM ET +1-888-776-0942 Send a Release Sign Up Blog For Journalists Contact Us Search Searching for your content... Advanced Search Contact 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Chat Online with an Expert Contact Us Solutions Cision Communication Cloud™ For Marketers For Public Relations For IR & Compliance For Agency For Small Business All Products About About PR Newswire About Cision Become a Publishing Partner Become a Channel Partner Careers   Global Sites Asia Brazil Canada Europe Finland France India Israel Mexico Middle East Netherlands Sweden United Kingdom My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Terms of Use Privacy Policy Information Security Policy Statement Site Map RSS Feeds Copyright © 2017 PR Newswire Association LLC. All Rights Reserved. A Cision company. News Solutions Resources News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News dansk Deutsch español Français italiano Nederlands norsk português suomeksi svenska Phone +1-888-776-0942 8AM - 10PM ET Chat Chat Online with an Expert All contact info Send a ReleaseLog In
About Us Contact Us Help user name password Client login:    First time user sign up Forgot your login info? Website Directory     Submit Website Search All categoriesAdvertising  GeneralAerospace  GeneralAgriculture  GeneralAirlines  GeneralAmerica - Post 9/11  GeneralApparel  GeneralApple Products  GeneralArchitectural  GeneralArchitecture  ArchitectureArt & Entertainments  Books  Celebrities  Country Music  Dance  Magazines  Movies  Museums  Music  Music Downloads  News & Talk Shows  Performing Arts  Photography  Television  Web SitesArts/Culture  GeneralAuction  GeneralAutomotive  Aftermarket  Classic Autos  Consumer Publications  General  Motorcycle & Bike  Racing  Recreational Vehicle  Repair & Service  Trade PublicationsBlogging & Social Media  Blogging & Social MediaBusiness  Advertising / Marketing  Books  Consumer Research  Direct Marketing  e-Commerce  Entrepreneurs  Finance  Franchise  Human Resources  Insurance  Investment  Management  Markets  Network Marketing  Online Marketing / SEO  Payday Loans  Public Relations  Publications  Real Estate  Retail  Stocks  Supermarkets  Women in BusinessCareers/HR  GeneralChemical  GeneralCoaching / Mentoring  Coaching / MentoringComputers  Apple Products  Databases  Games & Entertainment  General  Hosting  Instruction  Linux / GNU "Open Source"  Macintosh  Microsoft Windows PC  Operating Systems  Programming  Security  Software  Tablet PCs  UtilitiesConstruction  GeneralConsumer  Gifts and Collectibles  Hobbies  Web sites / InternetDesign  Graphic Design  Industrial  WebE-Cigarette  GeneraleCommerce  GeneralEconomy  GeneralEducation  College / University  General  Home Schooling  K-12  Post Graduate  TechnicalElectronics  GeneralEmail Marketing  GeneralEmailWire Press Releases  Press Release TipsEmployment/Careers  GeneralEngineering  GeneralEntertainment  GeneralEnvironment  GeneralEvents / Trade Shows  GeneralFinance  GeneralFood  GeneralFranchise  GeneralFraud / Identity Theft  GeneralGaming  GeneralGovernment  General  Judicial  Law Enforcement  Legislative  Local  National  Public Services  Security  State  TransportationHealthcare  GeneralHome and Family  Banking / Personal Finance  Bereavement / Loss  Home Furnishings / Interiors  Landscaping & Gardening  Marriage / Relationships  Money  Parenting  Payday Loans  Pets  Taxes  Wedding / BridalHome Schooling  GeneralHotels/Resorts  GeneralHousehold  GeneralIndustry  Aerospace / Defense  Agriculture  Apparel / Textiles  Broadcast  Construction / Building  Electrical  Food  Funeral  Healthcare  Leisure / Hospitality  Logistics / Shipping  Manufacturing / Production  Mining / Metals  Oil / Energy  Paper / Forest Products  Plumbing, Heating & AC  Print Media  Printing  Publishing  Radio  Restaurants  Tobacco  ToyInsurance  GeneralInternet/Online  GeneralLegal  GeneralLeisure  GeneralLifestyle  Beauty  Dating / Singles  Diet / Weight Loss  Fashion  Food / Beverage  Health & Fitness  Hotel / Resorts  Pastimes  Restaurants  Retirement  Travel & TourismMachinery  GeneralMaritime  GeneralMedical  Addiction  Allergies  Alternative Medicine  Asthma  Cancer  Cardiology  Chiropractic  Dental  Dermatology  Diabetes  Emergency  Family Medicine  General  General  Geriatrics  Hospitals  Infectious Diseases  Internal Medicine  Managed Care / HMO  Medical Products  Mental Health  Neurology  Nursing  Nutrition  OB / GYN  Pediatrics  Pharmaceuticals  Physical Therapy  Plastic Surgery  Psychology  Radiology / Imaging  Research  Sports Medicine  Surgery  VisionMilitary  GeneralMining/Metals  GeneralMiscellaneous  GeneralNanotechnology  NanotechnologyNon-profit  GeneralOccupational Safety  Occupational SafetyOil/Energy  GeneralOpinion / Editorial  Opinion / EditorialPaper Products  GeneralPaper/Forest  GeneralPharmaceuticals  GeneralPodcasting  Announce  Tools and ServicesPolitics  PoliticsPrint Media  GeneralPublic Utilities  Public UtilitiesPublishing  GeneralRadio  GeneralReal Estate  GeneralReligion  Christian  General  Islam  Jewish  OtherRestaurants  GeneralRetail  GeneralRSS & Content Syndication  RSS & Content SyndicationScience and Research  Science and ResearchSelf-Help / Personal Growth  Self-Help / Personal GrowthShipbuilding  GeneralSociety  African American Interests  Asian Interests  Childrens Issues  Disabled Issues / Disabilities  Gay / Lesbian  Hispanic  Mens Interests  Native American  Senior Citizens  Social Services  Teen Issues/Interests  Womens InterestSoftware  GeneralSports  Baseball  Basketball  Bicycling  Boating / Maritime  Bowling  Boxing  Fishing  Football  Golf  Hockey  Hunting  Martial Arts  Outdoors  Rugby  Soccer  Tennis  Water  Winter/SnowSports/Fitness  GeneralStocks  GeneralSupermarkets  GeneralTechnology  Biotechnology  Computer  Electronics  Enterprise Software  Games  Graphics/Printing/CAD  Hardware / Peripherals  Industrial  Information  Internet  Multimedia  Networking  Public Sector/Government  Robotics  Semiconductor  Software  Telecommunications  WebmastersTelecom  General  WirelessTelevision  GeneralTobacco  GeneralTrade  GeneralTransportation  GeneralTravel  GeneralUtilities  GeneralVolunteer  VolunteerWeather  Weather Home > News By Company > ReportsWeb.com Tweet   Pharmaceutical Contract Manufacturing Market 2016 Geographical Segmentation, Size, Trends, Growth and Forecasts ReportsWeb.com published Pharmaceutical Contract Manufacturing Market from its database. The report covers the market landscape and its growth prospects over the coming years. The report also includes a discussion of the key vendors operating in this ma (EMAILWIRE.COM, January 12, 2017 ) Contract manufacturing involves outsourcing manufacturing products to organizations, which helps the organizations offer the same services at a relatively lower cost. Typically, in the pharmaceutical and biotechnology sectors, the sourcing companies seek contract manufacturing services to restructure their resource deployment toward high skill areas such as R&D and marketing. Contract manufacturing has potential growth opportunities in emerging countries such as India and China. Publisher's analysts forecast the global pharmaceutical contract manufacturing market to grow at a CAGR of 6.91% during the period 2016-2020. For more information about this report: http://www.reportsweb.com/global-pharmaceutical-contract-manufacturing-market-2016-2020 Covered in this report The report covers the present scenario and the growth prospects of the global pharmaceutical contract manufacturing market for 2016-2020. To calculate the market size, the report considers the revenue generated from various pharmaceutical drug manufacturing outsourcing activities. The market is divided into the following segments based on geography: -Americas -APAC -EMEA Publisher's report, Global Pharmaceutical Contract Manufacturing Market 2016-2020, has been prepared based on an in-depth market analysis with inputs from industry experts. The report covers the market landscape and its growth prospects over the coming years. The report also includes a discussion of the key vendors operating in this market. Key vendors -Catalent -Lonza -Pfizer CentreOne Request Sample Copy at http://www.reportsweb.com/inquiry&RW0001462889/sample . Other prominent vendors -Abbott -Aenova -Amgen -Apotex -Aspen -AstraZeneca -Aurobindo Pharma -Baxter -BERLIN-CHEMIE -Biocon -Biogen -Boehringer Ingelheim -Celltrion -Cipla -Coherus Biosciences -Daiichi Sankyo -Dr. Reddy's Laboratories -Eli Lilly -Emcure Pharmaceuticals -Eurofarma Laboratories -Fareva -Gedeon Richter -Gilead Sciences -GlaxoSmithKline (GSK) -Hospira -Impax Laboratories -Intas Pharmaceuticals -Janssen Pharmaceuticals -Lupin -Merck -Mitsubishi Tanabe Pharma -Momenta Pharmaceuticals -Natco Pharma -Nexus Pharmaceuticals -Novo Nordisk -Orchid Chemicals & Pharmaceuticals -Par Pharmaceutical -Parenteral Drugs India -Patheon -Piramal -Roche Holding -Sanofi -Synthon -Teva Pharmaceuticals -Valeant Pharmaceuticals -Zentiva -Zhejiang Huahai Pharmaceutical -Zydus Cadila Market driver -High number of US FDA-approved manufacturing facilities in emerging countries. -For a full, detailed list, view our report Market challenge -Capacity utilization issues and lack of information integration. -For a full, detailed list, view our report Market trend -Huge demand for next-generation biologics. -For a full, detailed list, view our report Inquire for Report at http://www.reportsweb.com/inquiry&RW0001462889/buying . Contact Information: ReportsWeb.com Priya Sisodia Tel: +1-646-491-9876 Email us This is a press release. Press release distribution and press release services by EmailWire.Com: http://www.emailwire.com/us-press-release-distribution.php. 
   Search All categoriesAdvertising  GeneralAerospace  GeneralAgriculture  GeneralAirlines  GeneralAmerica - Post 9/11  GeneralApparel  GeneralApple Products  GeneralArchitectural  GeneralArchitecture  ArchitectureArt & Entertainments  Books  Celebrities  Country Music  Dance  Magazines  Movies  Museums  Music  Music Downloads  News & Talk Shows  Performing Arts  Photography  Television  Web SitesArts/Culture  GeneralAuction  GeneralAutomotive  Aftermarket  Classic Autos  Consumer Publications  General  Motorcycle & Bike  Racing  Recreational Vehicle  Repair & Service  Trade PublicationsBlogging & Social Media  Blogging & Social MediaBusiness  Advertising / Marketing  Books  Consumer Research  Direct Marketing  e-Commerce  Entrepreneurs  Finance  Franchise  Human Resources  Insurance  Investment  Management  Markets  Network Marketing  Online Marketing / SEO  Payday Loans  Public Relations  Publications  Real Estate  Retail  Stocks  Supermarkets  Women in BusinessCareers/HR  GeneralChemical  GeneralCoaching / Mentoring  Coaching / MentoringComputers  Apple Products  Databases  Games & Entertainment  General  Hosting  Instruction  Linux / GNU "Open Source"  Macintosh  Microsoft Windows PC  Operating Systems  Programming  Security  Software  Tablet PCs  UtilitiesConstruction  GeneralConsumer  Gifts and Collectibles  Hobbies  Web sites / InternetDesign  Graphic Design  Industrial  WebE-Cigarette  GeneraleCommerce  GeneralEconomy  GeneralEducation  College / University  General  Home Schooling  K-12  Post Graduate  TechnicalElectronics  GeneralEmail Marketing  GeneralEmailWire Press Releases  Press Release TipsEmployment/Careers  GeneralEngineering  GeneralEntertainment  GeneralEnvironment  GeneralEvents / Trade Shows  GeneralFinance  GeneralFood  GeneralFranchise  GeneralFraud / Identity Theft  GeneralGaming  GeneralGovernment  General  Judicial  Law Enforcement  Legislative  Local  National  Public Services  Security  State  TransportationHealthcare  GeneralHome and Family  Banking / Personal Finance  Bereavement / Loss  Home Furnishings / Interiors  Landscaping & Gardening  Marriage / Relationships  Money  Parenting  Payday Loans  Pets  Taxes  Wedding / BridalHome Schooling  GeneralHotels/Resorts  GeneralHousehold  GeneralIndustry  Aerospace / Defense  Agriculture  Apparel / Textiles  Broadcast  Construction / Building  Electrical  Food  Funeral  Healthcare  Leisure / Hospitality  Logistics / Shipping  Manufacturing / Production  Mining / Metals  Oil / Energy  Paper / Forest Products  Plumbing, Heating & AC  Print Media  Printing  Publishing  Radio  Restaurants  Tobacco  ToyInsurance  GeneralInternet/Online  GeneralLegal  GeneralLeisure  GeneralLifestyle  Beauty  Dating / Singles  Diet / Weight Loss  Fashion  Food / Beverage  Health & Fitness  Hotel / Resorts  Pastimes  Restaurants  Retirement  Travel & TourismMachinery  GeneralMaritime  GeneralMedical  Addiction  Allergies  Alternative Medicine  Asthma  Cancer  Cardiology  Chiropractic  Dental  Dermatology  Diabetes  Emergency  Family Medicine  General  General  Geriatrics  Hospitals  Infectious Diseases  Internal Medicine  Managed Care / HMO  Medical Products  Mental Health  Neurology  Nursing  Nutrition  OB / GYN  Pediatrics  Pharmaceuticals  Physical Therapy  Plastic Surgery  Psychology  Radiology / Imaging  Research  Sports Medicine  Surgery  VisionMilitary  GeneralMining/Metals  GeneralMiscellaneous  GeneralNanotechnology  NanotechnologyNon-profit  GeneralOccupational Safety  Occupational SafetyOil/Energy  GeneralOpinion / Editorial  Opinion / EditorialPaper Products  GeneralPaper/Forest  GeneralPharmaceuticals  GeneralPodcasting  Announce  Tools and ServicesPolitics  PoliticsPrint Media  GeneralPublic Utilities  Public UtilitiesPublishing  GeneralRadio  GeneralReal Estate  GeneralReligion  Christian  General  Islam  Jewish  OtherRestaurants  GeneralRetail  GeneralRSS & Content Syndication  RSS & Content SyndicationScience and Research  Science and ResearchSelf-Help / Personal Growth  Self-Help / Personal GrowthShipbuilding  GeneralSociety  African American Interests  Asian Interests  Childrens Issues  Disabled Issues / Disabilities  Gay / Lesbian  Hispanic  Mens Interests  Native American  Senior Citizens  Social Services  Teen Issues/Interests  Womens InterestSoftware  GeneralSports  Baseball  Basketball  Bicycling  Boating / Maritime  Bowling  Boxing  Fishing  Football  Golf  Hockey  Hunting  Martial Arts  Outdoors  Rugby  Soccer  Tennis  Water  Winter/SnowSports/Fitness  GeneralStocks  GeneralSupermarkets  GeneralTechnology  Biotechnology  Computer  Electronics  Enterprise Software  Games  Graphics/Printing/CAD  Hardware / Peripherals  Industrial  Information  Internet  Multimedia  Networking  Public Sector/Government  Robotics  Semiconductor  Software  Telecommunications  WebmastersTelecom  General  WirelessTelevision  GeneralTobacco  GeneralTrade  GeneralTransportation  GeneralTravel  GeneralUtilities  GeneralVolunteer  VolunteerWeather  Weather Advertising | How to contact us | Privacy Statement | EmailWire Press Releases | Partnership Opportunities EmailWire is a press release distribution service of GroupWeb Media LLC. © Copyright GroupWeb Media LLC 2017
Home Veterans Resources VA Benefits Jobs for Veterans Jobs News for Veterans Short Term Personal Loans Veteran Owned Small Business (VOSB) Medical & Health VT Cancer Foundation Forum RSS Feed Newsletter Sign-Up Apps VT APP (Android) VT App (Iphone) VT Radio App (Android) VT Radio App (Iphone) VT LIve & Net Radio YouTube ITunes Sound Cloud Android Devices Social Networks Facebook Google + Twitter Help Desk Submit Support Ticket Vladimir Putin We have one Fatherland, one people and a common future Home Government & Politics Civil Liberties & Freedom Corruption Democracy & Elections Foreign Policy Legislation Veterans Administration (VA) History Civil War (1861-1865) Cold War (1947-1991) Gulf War (1990-1991) Iraq War (2003-2011) Korean War (1950-1953) Libyan Civil War (2011-2014) Vietnam War (1955-1975) World War I (1914-1918) World War II (1939-1945) Investigations 9/11 Holocaust JFK Assassination Paris Attacks 2015 Sandy Hook Life Art, Books, & Entertainment Food, Wine & Travel Charities, Giving & Foundations Economy & Business Health Agent Orange Coping Gulf War Illness (GWI) PTSD Heroes Of Interest Education Environment Humor Peace, Causes & Activism Religion Veteran Service Organizations (VSO's) Media Military WarZone Afghanistan War Drug War New World Order War Ukraine Wars War in Syria World Africa Americas Asia Europe Middle East Russia Editorial Board-Staff VT Writers Book Store Custom Weapons Official Store Apps Polls Job Center Contact Comment Policy Write for VT About Us Advertise Legal Notice Search The Dodgy Dossier A World in Disarray: American Foreign Policy and the Crisis of the Old Order US ‘Only Interested’ in Independent Kurdistan Due to Oil, But It Comes at a Cost ‘Israel prefers to support Al Qaeda over Hezbollah’ Media Shuns Paris Conference While Israel Orchestrates Demonstrations Israel gets caught orchestrating world war—again Trump-Russia Scandal: Constitutional Crisis Brewing? Or World War III ? Trump reveals details on his Russia policy ‹ › GPD is our General Posting Department whereby we share posts from other sources along with general information with our readers. It is managed by our Editorial Board View Latest Posts >>> Overpriced: Trump Wipes $24.6 Bln Off Drug and Biotech Stocks in 20 Minutes By GPD on January 12, 2017 During his press conference on Wednesday, the US President-elect Donald Trump said US medicines are made overseas and are too expensive, and proper bidding could help lower the costs, provoking a selloff in big pharma and biotech stocks.  ___________ Sputnik: US big pharma suffered a major hit during Wednesday’s press conference of the President-elect Donald Trump, who blasted drugmakers for making their product overseas and subsequently importing it, and vowed to introduce proper bidding procedures in order to curb drug prices and “save billions.” Biotech and drugmaker stocks slumped in the immediate aftermath of these remarks, reflecting the market perception of the big pharma as artificially overpriced. Pharmaceutical and biotech equities crashed on Wednesday after President-elect Donald Trump blasted the “big pharma” lobbying practices as artificially driving prices and supporting vicious foreign trade patterns. “They’re getting away with murder,” Trump said. “Pharma has a lot of lobbyists and a lot of power and there is very little bidding. We’re the largest buyer of drugs in the world and yet we don’t bid properly and we’re going to save billions of dollars.” The US government, Trump said, is paying much more for medicines than the open market price would be, therefore, transparent bidding is vital in order to counter the powerful pharma lobbies. Subsequently, the market sentiment shifted toward expectations of lower biotech and drug industry premiums down the road, resulting in a selloff in related stocks. “Our drug industry has been disastrous, they’re leaving left and right,” Trump said. “They supply our drugs but they don”t make them here, to a large extent.” Obamacare, Trump said, must be repealed and replaced “essentially simultaneously.” The iShares Nasdaq Biotech exchange-traded fund (ETF) plunged 4pc in its biggest one-day decline in three months. S&P Pharmaceuticals, Biotechnology & Life Sciences Index dipped 1.7pc “When the president-elect says we’re going to negotiate drug pricing, you have to take that seriously, but at the same this is a complicated issue because there’s not going to be clarity on drug pricing reform anytime soon,” Brad Loncar of the Loncar Cancer Immunotherapy ETF said. “When somebody that high profile says something that negative, people do not want to invest in it.” Initially, when Trump was still a candidate for the US presidency, he was perceived as pharma industry champion, and his most recent remarks align him with Congress Democrats in a way, who, however, tend to favour tougher administrative regulation rather than proper and transparent competitive bidding. Trump might have become disgruntled with select industries doing business with the US government most recently because of high costs of their services to US taxpayers, and President-elect is committed to cut the expenses of the federal government as part of his fiscal strategy. During the 20 minutes of Trump’s press conference, big pharma lost some $24.6 bln out of its aggregate market value of $906.8 bln. In particular, equities of Celgene dropped 3.5pc on Wednesday afternoon; Johnson & Johnson retreated 1.61pc; Bristol-Myers dropped 5.5pc; Pfizer declined by 2.75pc; Amgen slid 2.27pc; AbbVie lost 4.2pc; Gilead shed 2.3pc; and Eli Lilly tumbled 2.6pc. Shares of the Kenilworth, NJ-based Merck & Co., Inc were surprisingly up 1.67pc because of the news of the Food and Drug Administration having decided to speed up their review of Merck’s proposed lung-cancer medicine. Previously, Trump criticised defence enterprises for overcharging the US government, including the highly publicised story focusing on Air Force One, dubbed by Trump as “too expensive.” During the press conference on Wednesday, Trump mentioned Lockheed Martin, Ford, and United Technologies amongst the companies whose business practices are harmful to the US economic interests, mainly, in the form of consumer goods being produced overseas and subsequently imported into the US. The drug industry, on its part, has greatly benefitted from the Obamacare reform, which attracted more funds out of Americans’ pockets into the sphere of medical services. The bloated budget spending of the past eight years has also resulted in significant redistribution of wealth towards the well-connected Washington lobbies, with pharma being among the biggest. Despite his critical stance on the issue of drug prices, and the cautious support from the Democrats, including the now-again-independent Bernie Sanders, Trump is still seen by big pharma as good news. The S&P Biotech Index is still 9pc above its election day level. “We look forward to working with the new administration and Congress to advance proactive, practical solutions to improve the marketplace and make it more responsive to the needs of patients,” Stephen Ubl of Washington-based Pharmaceutical Research and Manufacturers of America (PhRMA) said. ___________ Related Posts: Trump reveals details on his Russia policy Mattis Dumps Trump on Israeli Capitol Trump and the Red Menace, Is Russia the Target? Russian Hacking – No Big Deal NEO – Five American Diplomats Trump Can Reset Détente With The views expressed herein are the views of the author exclusively and not necessarily the views of VT, VT authors, affiliates, advertisers, sponsors, partners, technicians, or the Veterans Today Network and its assigns. LEGAL NOTICE - COMMENT POLICY Posted by GPD on January 12, 2017, With 2322 Reads Filed under Government & Politics. You can follow any responses to this entry through the RSS 2.0. You can skip to the end and leave a response. Pinging is currently not allowed. FaceBook Comments 9 Responses to "Overpriced: Trump Wipes $24.6 Bln Off Drug and Biotech Stocks in 20 Minutes" LC  January 12, 2017 at 10:10 pm $$$$$ 250 billion dump could’ve been better::::: Stocks are worthless lottery tickets fooling the steeple as investments. They ain’t NO investments!!!!! Drops like that show they’re scams Dump all stocks if you have any folks Log in to Reply stonehillady  January 12, 2017 at 2:52 pm Who allowed Big Pharma to advertise on TV, their advertising budget could pay the debt of some of our smaller states. It’s outrageous what Americans put up with when it comes to false advertising, after when most of these drugs side effects, which they do claim, is organ failure and death. They should ban advertising like they did tobacco and most booze. Stop the advertising, since when do you tell your Dr., hey look, I saw this drug on TV, can I try it ? These Big Pharma Companies are worse then drug pushers on some sleazy downtown corner. End the ads, lower the prices, let the Dr.’s decide, what they want to prescribe. Log in to Reply tonto  January 12, 2017 at 1:43 pm This is very good news… Log in to Reply JohnZ  January 12, 2017 at 1:13 pm Pig Pharma actually pays people to drum up phony illnesses and diseases using abbreviations to scare people into buying their dangerous drugs. The FDA, completely corrupted by pig pharma has signed off on many of these worthless drugs, many of them cause more harm than good. It’s all about profit, profit, profit. Meanwhile America has the most expensive healthcare system in the world while producing the least results. Time for a reboot. As for the loss of pharma shares on Wall St.? who gives a crap! Log in to Reply Andrew_Bukanov(Russia)  January 12, 2017 at 12:51 pm + Log in to Reply Peter Johnson  January 12, 2017 at 11:56 am You people over there should nationalise your health service. When I lived in the US our health insurance (Blue Cross Blue Shield) was 160p a month for a family of five — two young healthy adults and three healthy little kids. No-one needed anything on a regular basis. Here in England the healthcare is F.R.E.E. and is far far far beyond Blue Cross Blue Shield in the US. It also costs about a third of the thenper capita healthcare in the US where many people have no health care and others have to make sure they don’t take any risks with their employment because they need the health benefits Log in to Reply wjabbe  January 12, 2017 at 11:09 am Most real estate in New York is also overpriced too. You hardly read about the cheapest piece of junk there for less than $1 million. Who in their right mind would pay millions of dollars to buy a condo in a tall building like Trump Tower? Image if a fire broke out. How would you escape? Why they do not even put exterior stairs for fire escapes on these dangerous fire traps any more do they? I don’t care how carefully they are constructed, electrical or other types of fires can happen and most furnishings are quite flammable and give off horrible fumes too. Many of the windows do not even open. The higher up you are the harder it is to get down in an emergency. I bet most of these owners do not even have a plan of escape should a fire break out. When I travel I only stay at motels in a ground floor room. Even then you could die in a fire. New York is a price inflated cesspool fire trap. Just think of what would happen if real estate prices there dropped to what most people can afford? What would the poor rich elitist snobs do for money? Log in to Reply joetv  January 12, 2017 at 10:48 am Any super large short sale positions cashed? Log in to Reply joetv  January 12, 2017 at 10:47 am The totally fabricated Zika threat was promoted and, used to extort how much R&D money from the US tax payer$? Oh, don’t forget to get your flu shot. Log in to Reply You must be logged in to post a comment Login WHAT'S HOT Latest Top 10 Comments The Dodgy Dossier A World in Disarray: American Foreign Policy and the Crisis of the Old Order US ‘Only Interested’ in Independent Kurdistan Due to Oil, But It Comes at a Cost ‘Israel prefers to support Al Qaeda over Hezbollah’ Media Shuns Paris Conference While Israel Orchestrates Demonstrations Israel gets caught orchestrating world war—again Trump-Russia Scandal: Constitutional Crisis Brewing? Or World War III ? Trump reveals details on his Russia policy Mattis Dumps Trump on Israeli Capitol Tapes show Netanyahu hesitant to cross Sheldon Adelson Trump and the Red Menace, Is Russia the Target? Why Did the Al-Jazeera Expose Fail? YRTW No 89 and 90 Breakout! Nuclear Radiation Down – Again! What’s Up? The Russians Are Coming, the Russians Are Coming! Pakistan: Uproar over Missing bloggers Syrian War Report – January 13, 2017: Israel Strikes Airport Near Damascus Russian Hacking – No Big Deal Syria, Turkey, Russia To Coordinate Counter-Terrorism Efforts In Northern Syria? China, Russia Agree to Counter US Anti-Missile System Syrian Army warns Israel it will respond after military airport bombed near Damascus Trump Presidency Stillbirth: McCain, Intel Chiefs Say “Trump Owned” (updated) (9818) ESSENTIAL READING: The Zionist plan for the Middle East (7052) Vladimir Putin: Pedophilia Is Essentially Satanic (6915) NATO: Russia is making us look really bad (5089) Syrian Army warns Israel it will respond after military airport bombed near Damascus (4921) Who Forced Russia to Intervene in Syria? (4247) The Nasty Truth About Yemen (4184) Triumph in the Sky: Russia Blankets Syria With S-300, S-400 Air Defense Network (3914) New Cold War: Israel Seeks Revenge (3877) The Plot Against Britain… (3858) Khalid Talaat: The Dodgy Dossier Edward Longshanks: Trump-Russia Scandal: Constitutional Crisis Brewing? Or World War III ? Edward Longshanks: Israel gets caught orchestrating world war—again Edward Longshanks: Israel gets caught orchestrating world war—again Khalid Talaat: Trump and the Red Menace, Is Russia the Target? LC: Trump Presidency Stillbirth: McCain, Intel Chiefs Say “Trump Owned” (updated) Edward Longshanks: Israel gets caught orchestrating world war—again Edward Longshanks: Israel gets caught orchestrating world war—again Khalid Talaat: Trump and the Red Menace, Is Russia the Target? Edward Longshanks: Media Shuns Paris Conference While Israel Orchestrates Demonstrations VT Readers Poll Do you support an independent investigation into Russia hacking of USA election? Yes No View Results  Loading ... Polls Archive Featured Columnists Allen L Roland, PhD Bob Johnson Bob Nichols Brig Asif H. Raja David Swanson Ed Mattson Gilad Atzmon Gordon Duff, Seni.. Ian Greenhalgh Jack Speer-Williams Jane Rosenstein Jim W. Dean, Mana.. Johnny Punish Jonas E. Alexis Kadir A. Mohmand Kevin Barrett Michael Shrimpton Press TV Preston James, Ph.D Sami Jamil Jadallah South Front Stuart Littlewood Personal Finance View all Commit to Fifteen Minutes of Financial Literacy a Day to Get Your Finances in Order Commit to Fifteen Minutes of Financial Literacy a Day to Get Your Finances in Order Broke? Here are five tips to boost your finances Resolve to replace your bad financial habits National News View all American Legion backs VA on disability claims on toxic waste exposure American Legion backs VA on disability claims on toxic waste exposure U.S. veterans exposed to tainted water at Marine base to get benefits Southern Utah veterans cemetery being considered Foundation News View all Meet Veterans Today Cancer Foundation Executive Director Jacquie Salinas Meet Veterans Today Cancer Foundation Executive Director Jacquie Salinas Cancer Care for Our Veterans VA Research on Cancer Career News View all Return The Favor: Veterans Take Up Farming Return The Favor: Veterans Take Up Farming New Detroit, Grand Rapids veterans homes carry $108 million price tag Acumen, LLC Joins HireVeterans.com! Network News View all VT Welcomes Scott Stockdale to our Staff Writer Team at VNN VT Welcomes Scott Stockdale to our Staff Writer Team at VNN Esteemed Broadcaster Dan Yaseen Joins VT VT Thanks Readers While Reviewing 2016 and Updates for 2017   Listen Live Radio TV Video Mexico Gas Crisis Hands Trump Commanding Leverage Short End of The Stick with Mike Harris: Dr. Preston James is the guest RAG RADIO: ‘Celebrating The Rag’ and how Austin became weird! Short End of The Stick with Mike Harris: Alex Powers is the guest Israel: One State Solution “Forced LIVE Organ Harvesting in China” TOP 50 READ ARTICLES THIS MONTH From Veterans Today Network Updated: Syrian Special Forces captured 14 US Coalition officers captured in Aleppo The Coming War on Pedophilia? UPDATED: Turkish Intel Murders Russian Ambassador in Ankara, in Erdogan False Flag Ploy What really happened to Hitler and the Third Reich Nazi High Command? Did Israel Down a Russian Jet Over UNSC Smackdown? (UPDATE) A Storm Is Coming The Hidden History of the Incredibly Evil Khazarian Mafia (Updated) Trump Presidency Stillbirth: McCain, Intel Chiefs Say “Trump Owned” (updated) Should Putin liberate the Golan Heights? Top 5 Most Racist Countries in the World Berlin Terror Attack: The Only Option for Israel? CUI BONO? Who gains from Istanbul New Year’s Eve attack? Syria officially reveals data about foreign Intel officers in Aleppo Vladimir Putin: Pedophilia Is Essentially Satanic Alex Jones Explodes in Blubbering Rage at Mere Mention of My Name BOMBSHELL! Kissinger explains why neocons (not Russia) hacked the election for Trump CNN sympathizes with Ankara assassin UFOs and the Secret German Space Program The Khazarian Mafia and their marionettes want to rule the world Qatari princess having sex with seven men Benjamin Freedman Exposed the Khazarian Mafia ESSENTIAL READING: The Zionist plan for the Middle East Unprecented: President to Enter White House Facing Child Rape Trial NEO – Happy New Year Donbass, from Killer John McCain and Co. Times of Israel: Netanyahu goes to war with the world VT Exclusive: Largest Pedophile Ring in History, 70,000 Members, Heads of State, the Rats Scramble Israel spy satellite discovers secret Russian missile cache in Syria Christmas Myth: Was Jesus Jewish? SpaceX finds cause of explosion that destroyed Israeli satellite The role of the Spetsnaz in the liberation of Aleppo BREAKING: Ft. Lauderdale Airport Shooting; Awaiting Trump’s inane response by Tweet The Silent Coup: Putin vs. the Oligarchs Vladimir Putin morally and intellectually humiliates Satanist Masha Gessen again Russia and UN Condemn Trump on Israel and it won’t go away Sandy Hook Hoax: How we know it didn’t happen Trump and the Red Menace, Is Russia the Target? DealDash a Scam? 90% OFF or Rip-Off? Syrian Army warns Israel it will respond after military airport bombed near Damascus NATO: Russia is making us look really bad Zio-Gladio strikes Europe! Berlin suspect, NATO auditor shot dead Rape and Sex in German Cities After World War II Revisited (Part II) Bibi sweating a ‘midnight surprise’ as the UN before Obama leaves And the biggest false flag story of 2016 is…. Trump’s Nazi Supporters Aghast as Mossad Chief Joins Trump Transition Team Kill Them All Who Forced Russia to Intervene in Syria? Washington Post: We lied about Russian operation hacking the US American Insanity: Time to End Billions of Taxpayer Monies Sent to Fund Crazy 19th Century Zionist Dreams Mainstream Media Confirm Dalai Lama is A CIA Asset Russia tells Assad there is no ‘military solution’ for Syria Facebook Friend Us Twitter Follow Us Google+ Circle Us RSS Site Feed About Us Veterans Today (VT) is an independent online journal representing the positions and providing news for members of the military and veteran community in areas of national security, geopolitical stability and domestic policy. All writers are fully independent and represent their own point of view and not necessarily the point of view of any other writer, administrator or entity. Quick Links VT Live Radio & Video VT Apps Email Newsletter Advertise Contact Us Help Desk Search Archives Search Archives Select Month January 2017 December 2016 November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 April 2016 March 2016 February 2016 January 2016 December 2015 November 2015 October 2015 September 2015 August 2015 July 2015 June 2015 May 2015 April 2015 March 2015 February 2015 January 2015 December 2014 November 2014 October 2014 September 2014 August 2014 July 2014 June 2014 May 2014 April 2014 March 2014 February 2014 January 2014 December 2013 November 2013 October 2013 September 2013 August 2013 July 2013 June 2013 May 2013 April 2013 March 2013 February 2013 January 2013 December 2012 November 2012 October 2012 September 2012 August 2012 July 2012 June 2012 May 2012 April 2012 March 2012 February 2012 January 2012 December 2011 November 2011 October 2011 September 2011 August 2011 July 2011 June 2011 May 2011 April 2011 March 2011 February 2011 January 2011 December 2010 November 2010 October 2010 September 2010 August 2010 July 2010 June 2010 May 2010 April 2010 March 2010 February 2010 January 2010 December 2009 November 2009 October 2009 September 2009 August 2009 July 2009 June 2009 May 2009 April 2009 March 2009 February 2009 January 2009 December 2008 November 2008 October 2008 September 2008 August 2008 July 2008 June 2008 May 2008 April 2008 March 2008 February 2008 January 2008 December 2007 November 2007 October 2007 September 2007 August 2007 July 2007 June 2007 May 2007 April 2007 March 2007 February 2007 January 2007 December 2006 November 2006 October 2006 September 2006 August 2006 July 2006 June 2006 May 2006 April 2006 March 2006 February 2006 January 2006 December 2005 November 2005 October 2005 September 2005 August 2005 July 2005 June 2005 May 2005 April 2005 March 2005 February 2005 January 2005 December 2004 November 2004 October 2004 September 2004 August 2004 July 2004 Search Veterans Today Network VETERANS TODAY NETWORK: National News | Foreign Policy | Job Board | Job News | Money | Forums | Net Radio | Veteran Owned Businesses (VOSB) | Partners: USS Liberty | Rense.com | Veterans Today Cancer Foundation | Log in  - Powered By Veterans Today Network
▮ Home ▮ Business Latest Headlines Top Stories Breaking News Earnings Biotech Investors IPOs M&A Canadian UK Key Wallstreet Events ▮ Industry News Technology Software Banking Automotive Energy More ▮ Stock Alerts Active Traders Before the Bell $5 and under Intraday Updates After the Bell ▮ Corp. Calendars Dividends Stock Splits Buybacks Conference Calls ▮ Earnings Calendars Earnings Calendar Pos Pre-announcements Profit Warnings Positive Surprise Negative Surprise Latest Earnings ▮ FDA Calendars Drug Approvals Device Approvals Clinical Trial Calendar ▮ Ratings Changes Upgrades Downgrades Cov Initiations Cov. Reiterated ▮ Economy US Europe Asia Global Economic Calendar Economic Scorecard Fed Members ▮ Markets Morning Mkt Analysis US Commentary European Commentary Asian Commentary Canadian Commentary Indian Commentary Commodities Bonds Currencies ▮ Politics US World White House Elections Congress General News ▮ Forex FX Top Stories Currency Analysis Currency Alerts Economic Calendar Economic Scorecard ▮ Health Hot Topics Diet & Fitness Kids Health Men's Health Women's Health Cancer News Drug Development Mental Health ▮ Tech Hot Topics Gadgets & Games Mobile Green Tech ▮ Entertainment Top Stories TV News Movie News Slide Shows Game of Thrones ▮ Music news Pop Rock Classic Rock Rap/Hip-Hop Country Alternative Oldies All Genre ▮ Content Licensing Newswires & Feeds Content Syndication Digital Signage Services Radio News Services ▮ Premium Emerging Biostocks Under The Radar Short-Term Investor NewsStream Login ▮ More Free Content RSS Feeds Search ▮ Blog Political Science / Nature Fundamental Analysis ▮ Columns Science & Tech Arts & Leisure Politics & Policy Money Home Business Latest Headlines Top Stories Breaking News Earnings Biotech Investors IPOs M&A Canadian UK Key Wallstreet Events Industry News Technology Software Banking Automotive Energy More Stock Alerts Active Traders Before the Bell $5 and under Intraday Updates After the Bell Corp. Calendars Dividends Stock Splits Buybacks Conference Calls Earnings Calendars Earnings Calendar Pos Pre-announcements Profit Warnings Positive Surprise Negative Surprise Latest Earnings FDA Calendars Drug Approvals Device Approvals Clinical Trial Calendar Ratings Changes Upgrades Downgrades Cov Initiations Cov. Reiterated Economy US Europe Asia Global Economic Calendar Economic Scorecard Fed Members Markets Morning Mkt Analysis US Commentary European Commentary Asian Commentary Canadian Commentary Indian Commentary Commodities Bonds Currencies Politics US World White House Elections Congress General News Forex FX Top Stories Currency Analysis Currency Alerts Economic Calendar Economic Scorecard Health Hot Topics Diet & Fitness Kids Health Men's Health Women's Health Cancer News Drug Development Mental Health Tech Hot Topics Gadgets & Games Mobile Green Tech Entertainment Top Stories TV News Movie News Slide Shows Game of Thrones Music news Pop Rock Classic Rock Rap/Hip-Hop Country Alternative Oldies All Genre Content Licensing Newswires & Feeds Content Syndication Digital Signage Services Radio News Services Premium Emerging Biostocks Under The Radar Short-Term Investor NewsStream Login More Free Content RSS Feeds Search Blog Political Science / Nature Fundamental Analysis Columns Science & Tech Arts & Leisure Politics & Policy Money Commentary   E-MAIL  SHARE FONT-SIZE    Tweet Share DAX Edges Lower On US Policy Uncertainty 1/12/2017 4:49 AM ET German shares fell notably in early deals Thursday, with U.S. President-Elect Donald Trump's warning to the drug industry and his comments about making Mexico pay for a border wall weighing on markets. The benchmark DAX was down 62 points or 0.54 percent at 11,583 in opening deals, reflecting investor disappointment at Trump's first press conference since winning the presidential election in November. Meanwhile, investors ignored a government report, which showed that the German economy expanded at the fastest pace in five years in 2016. GDP grew 1.9 percent in 2016 after expanding 1.7 percent in 2015. Deutsche Telekom, Fresenius Medical Care, Fresenius, Merck and Siemens were among the worst performing stocks. Volkswagen slid half a percent after it agreed to a $4.3 billion deal with U.S. regulators over its 2015 diesel emissions scandals. Shares of Hella KGaA Hueck & Co., a supplier of lighting technology and electronic products for the automotive industry, rose over 1 percent after announcing solid first-half earnings results. Sugar producer Südzucker rallied 3 percent after lifting its FY operating result outlook. by RTT Staff Writer For comments and feedback: editorial@rttnews.com Trump Takes Power, Manufacturing In Focus -- Economic Preview For Week of January 16 Lazy, or Inefficient? These are the World's Least Productive Countries Universal Basic Income Back In Vogue Previous Story Next Story More Commentary -Global Stocks Close Mostly Higher But Dow Dips Slightly - U.S. Commentary Stocks Remain Mostly Positive In Mid-Day Trading - U.S. Commentary European Markets Rebound From Trump-Related Weakness Banking Stocks Leading The Way Higher On Wall Street - U.S. Commentary Stocks May Open Higher Following Earnings News, Data - U.S. Commentary Wall Street Set For Higher Opening Sensex, Nifty Snap Three-day Winning Streak European Shares Rise On Weaker Euro; FTSE Hits Fresh Record High FTSE 100 Extends Winning Streak As Healthcare Stocks Rebound CAC 40 Rises Led By Banks DAX Rebounds On US Optimism Asian Shares Mostly Lower As Trump Optimism Fades European Shares Seen Ticking Higher Ahead Of US Bank Earnings Sensex, Nifty Marginally Higher In Early Trade Asian Markets Mostly Lower Amid Cautious Trades <<Previous        116 Articles Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. comments powered by Disqus Follow RTT Editor's Pick Most Read Most Emailed Manufacturing, Housing In Focus Amid Trump's Inauguration Lazy, Or Inefficient? The World's Least Productive Countries, Ranked Millennials Fail To Keep Up With Mom And Dad India's SpiceJet Buying Up To 205 Boeing Planes JPMorgan Chase Q4 Profit Rises; Results Top Estimates Bank Of America Q4 Profit Climbs, Beats Estimates CVS Offering Cheap Generic Alternative To EpiPen Takata To Pay $1 Bln. In Airbag Probe Teva Loses Alimta Appeal Against Eli Lilly American Airlines Uniforms Are Safe, Manufacturer Says FBI Pays Best Buy Employees For Info On Customer's Computer McDonald's Finally Testing All-Day Breakfast In Canada Woman Sues Chipolte For $2 Bln For Using Her Photographs For Promotion Bank Of America Q4 Profit Climbs, Beats Estimates EGLT Gets Long Awaited FDA Approval, PTCT Breathes Easy, GLMD On Track FDA Says No To TSRO, Ablynx On Track, MYL Leads In Herceptin Biosim Race In U.S. Gainers & Losers Of The Day: TBIO, IMMU, SGMO, BIOC, APRI Gainers & Losers Of The Day: BIOC, CUR, ONTX, EGLT, ABAX... National Express To Sell C2c Franchise To FS Italiane's Trenitalia For £70 Mln Gainers & Losers Of The Day: ACST, APRI, SBBP, NVDQ, NVCR So Long DSCI, MRK Seeks New Use For Old Drug, VRX Does It Again, PSTI On Watch UniCredit Discloses Additions To Explanatory Report Takata To Pay $1 Bln. In Airbag Probe FBI Pays Best Buy Employees For Info On Customer's Computer News Corp: India's PropTiger.com, Housing.com To Join, To Get $55 Mln Investment Saks Fifth Ave. Owner Warns On Challenging Retail Environment WSJ: Brookdale Nursing Homes A Target For Blackstone Fresenius Medical Care Says Pleased With US Court's Temporary Restraining Order Lowe's Reportedly Plans Thousands Of Job Cuts Kellogg Pringles Launches Pringles LOUD In Five Varieties - Quick Facts FDIC Sues Bank Of America - Quick Facts VCA Stock Climbs On Mars' $9.1 Bln Takeover Deal METRO Group Q1 Like-for-like Sales Flat, But Sales Edge Down Phoenix Group Achieves Its 2016 Target For Cash Generation - Quick Facts Wm Morrison Christmas Sales Up; Sees FY17 Profit Ahead Of Market View Playtech Names Andrew Smith CFO; FY Results To Be In Line With Market View Copyright © 2017 RTTNews. All rights reserved. By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Service. About Us   |   Privacy   |   Feedback   |   Sitemap
Sputnik International all editions Log inRegisterLog out04:53 GMT +316 January 2017 Home World Politics Business Opinion Life Tech Radio Multimedia Cartoons Blogs Europe US Russia Latin America Middle East Asia & Pacific Africa As If Brave New World By Any Means Necessary Context Countdown Connecting The Pieces Double Down Hard Facts Level Talk Loud & Clear Red Line The BradСast Thom Hartmann Program Unanimous Dissent World In Focus Photo Video Infographics Live Search Overpriced: Trump Wipes $24.6 Bln Off Drug and Biotech Stocks in 20 Minutes © AP Photo/ Matt Rourke Business 19:13 12.01.2017Get short URL 45570291 During his press conference on Wednesday, the US President-elect Donald Trump said US medicines are made overseas and are too expensive, and proper bidding could help lower the costs, provoking a selloff in big pharma and biotech stocks. © AFP 2016/ SAUL LOEB US Senate Votes 51-48 on Budget Resolution to Repeal ObamacareKristian Rouz – US big pharma suffered a major hit during Wednesday's press conference of the President-elect Donald Trump, who blasted drugmakers for making their product overseas and subsequently importing it, and vowed to introduce proper bidding procedures in order to curb drug prices and "save billions." Biotech and drugmaker stocks slumped in the immediate aftermath of these remarks, reflecting the market perception of the big pharma as artificially overpriced. Pharmaceutical and biotech equities crashed on Wednesday after President-elect Donald Trump blasted the "big pharma" lobbying practices as artificially driving prices and supporting vicious foreign trade patterns. "They're getting away with murder," Trump said. "Pharma has a lot of lobbyists and a lot of power and there is very little bidding. We're the largest buyer of drugs in the world and yet we don't bid properly and we're going to save billions of dollars." The US government, Trump said, is paying much more for medicines than the open market price would be, therefore, transparent bidding is vital in order to counter the powerful pharma lobbies. Subsequently, the market sentiment shifted toward expectations of lower biotech and drug industry premiums down the road, resulting in a selloff in related stocks. "Our drug industry has been disastrous, they're leaving left and right," Trump said. "They supply our drugs but they don"t make them here, to a large extent." Obamacare, Trump said, must be repealed and replaced "essentially simultaneously." The iShares Nasdaq Biotech exchange-traded fund (ETF) plunged 4pc in its biggest one-day decline in three months. S&P Pharmaceuticals, Biotechnology & Life Sciences Index dipped 1.7pc "When the president-elect says we're going to negotiate drug pricing, you have to take that seriously, but at the same this is a complicated issue because there's not going to be clarity on drug pricing reform anytime soon," Brad Loncar of the Loncar Cancer Immunotherapy ETF said. "When somebody that high profile says something that negative, people do not want to invest in it." © AFP 2016/ MANDEL NGAN US Voters Want Obamacare Repealed With Concrete Replacement - PollInitially, when Trump was still a candidate for the US presidency, he was perceived as pharma industry champion, and his most recent remarks align him with Congress Democrats in a way, who, however, tend to favour tougher administrative regulation rather than proper and transparent competitive bidding. Trump might have become disgruntled with select industries doing business with the US government most recently because of high costs of their services to US taxpayers, and President-elect is committed to cut the expenses of the federal government as part of his fiscal strategy. During the 20 minutes of Trump's press conference, big pharma lost some $24.6 bln out of its aggregate market value of $906.8 bln. In particular, equities of Celgene dropped 3.5pc on Wednesday afternoon; Johnson & Johnson retreated 1.61pc; Bristol-Myers dropped 5.5pc; Pfizer declined by 2.75pc; Amgen slid 2.27pc; AbbVie lost 4.2pc; Gilead shed 2.3pc; and Eli Lilly tumbled 2.6pc. Shares of the Kenilworth, NJ-based Merck & Co., Inc were surprisingly up 1.67pc because of the news of the Food and Drug Administration having decided to speed up their review of Merck's proposed lung-cancer medicine. © AP Photo/ Jon Elswick Obama Vows to Publicly Support Healthcare System if Better Than ObamacarePreviously, Trump criticised defence enterprises for overcharging the US government, including the highly publicised story focusing on Air Force One, dubbed by Trump as "too expensive." During the press conference on Wednesday, Trump mentioned Lockheed Martin, Ford, and United Technologies amongst the companies whose business practices are harmful to the US economic interests, mainly, in the form of consumer goods being produced overseas and subsequently imported into the US. The drug industry, on its part, has greatly benefitted from the Obamacare reform, which attracted more funds out of Americans' pockets into the sphere of medical services. The bloated budget spending of the past eight years has also resulted in significant redistribution of wealth towards the well-connected Washington lobbies, with pharma being among the biggest. Despite his critical stance on the issue of drug prices, and the cautious support from the Democrats, including the now-again-independent Bernie Sanders, Trump is still seen by big pharma as good news. The S&P Biotech Index is still 9pc above its election day level. "We look forward to working with the new administration and Congress to advance proactive, practical solutions to improve the marketplace and make it more responsive to the needs of patients," Stephen Ubl of Washington-based Pharmaceutical Research and Manufacturers of America (PhRMA) said. Never miss a story again — sign up to our Telegram channel and we'll keep you up to speed! ... Reddit Google+ Blogger Pinterest StumbleUpon Telegram WhatsApp 291 Related: 'Trump is Pro-US and Will Defend His Country's Interests' - Moscow BuzzFeed's Response to Trump's 'Pile of Garbage' Remarks? Bumper Stickers Trump: US Intel Chief Clapper Refutes 'Made-Up, Phony' Memos Tags: drug, Obamacare, pharmaceutics, NASDAQ, Bernie Sanders, Donald Trump, United States TrackDo not trackCommunity standardsDiscussion Comment via FacebookComment via Sputnik Сomment Add Comment Thank you! Your comment will be reviewed by the moderator for compliance with the Rules Add more All comments Reply cast235 20:34 12.01.2017 | 4 | Edit | Delete The Pharma is very bad with U.S citizens. Why they LOBBY.... First they want to offset loses. Countries like China India can make the same drugs ultra cheap. So this is the NASTY congressmen deal. They Allow people to pay a premium , for drugs that somewhere else are cheap. Who discovered this? Congress. And did NOTHING!! There was once, anyone can find old articles, what was called the Canadian connection. Not mafia NO. ' Was that people could buy in Canada , ONLINE meds and get them inside U.S. Why they did this? A pill that was ..example, 45.00 U.S dollars each, you could buy it for maybe 3 to 10 dollars!!!! Congress went FURIOUS about it. Oh I found tapes, they were so mad, that went like the Russophobia hacking. The pharma was called in. The ONLY way to keep GLOBALIZED was to MILK U.S citizens, for the exact same pills, by same manufacturer. China, and others were selling the same pills that were 45.00 U.S at 2 U.S in Canada. This , forced the PHARMA to cut the price. However, they MUST make the dough, or they out of business. So the loses are added to pharma used by U.S Citizens. The civilians bail out the pharma companies, to keep GLOBALISM alive hoping one day it be possible to MAKE IN U.S. WAIT, until TRUMP HIT a TOE with this issue.,...OUCH!!! Reply FightForTruthin reply tocast235(Show commentHide comment) 21:08 12.01.2017 | 1 | Edit | Delete cast235 for FDA top Advisor/Liason position. *applause* Reply Igor 22:38 12.01.2017 | 2 | Edit | Delete Sounds like president Trump is taking the 'bull by the horns'. It is about time. Wake up America.Show new comments (0) Сomment Reply in reply to(Show commentHide comment) | | Edit | Delete Save Thank you! Your comment will be reviewed by the moderator for compliance with the Rules News Latest Most Read Most Discussed 04:31Chinese Museum Demands Return of Sculptures From US University Collection 03:56US Churches Prepare to Become Sanctuaries If Trump Keeps Deportation Promises 03:45Japan Considers Launching Visa-Free Air Travel Between Hokkaido, Southern Kurils 03:28Paris Peace Conference Ends With Call for Two-State Solution, Dialogue 02:46Lufthansa Flight Makes Emergency Landing in Moscow Over Windscreen OverheatingAll news Russian Post Sends Melania Trump Unusual Parcel 26371 Daesh Terrorists Destroy Myth of Germany's Indestructible Leopard 2 Tank 13824 The CIA Has Spoken: Fate of US Democracy in the Hands of Just One Russian Woman! 11684 US Navy’s ‘Night Hunter’ Drone Ship to Stalk Russian Subs 8679 Don't Even Try It: Crimea Protected by Russia's Newest Missile Defense System 7893All news 'Kosovo is Serbian,' New Train from Belgrade to North Kosovo Announces 86 Ottawa's New Foreign Minister is 'Catastrophe for Canadian-Russian Relations' 75 Russian Post Sends Melania Trump Unusual Parcel 70 The CIA Has Spoken: Fate of US Democracy in the Hands of Just One Russian Woman! 70 US House Speaker Ryan Has Town Hall Meltdown, Calls Russia a 'Global Menace' 52All news Multimedia Photo Cartoons Infographics Somewhere Over the Clouds: A View of Moscow From Above All TV Must Be RT Countries the US Bombed in 2016 News from dashboard.idealmedia.com Follow us Facebook Twitter SputnikNews @SputnikInt News Home World Europe US Russia Latin America Middle East Asia & Pacific AfricaPolitics Business Military & Intelligence Society Tech Environment LifeSport Analysis & Opinion Opinion Columnists Interviews Blogs Multimedia Photo Infographics Cartoons Video Radio Shows In Depth Sputnik About Us Press Info Products Apps Terms of Use Contact Us © 2017 Sputnik. All rights reserved Register E-mail: Screen Name: Password: Confirm password: Please type the code Log inPrivacy Policy By clicking 'Register', you confirm that you agree to our Privacy Policy and give your consent to the processing of personal data in accordance with the Privacy Policy Register* All fields are required Please confirm your e-mail to continue. Confirmation instructions have been sent to Ok Password recovery Enter e-mail Please type the code Restore Log inPrivacy Policy Success! Instructions to recover your password have been sent to Ok Registration Do you have a Sputniknews.com account? YesNo Registration Hello, ! E-mail: Password: Remember me Sign in I do not have a Sputniknews.com account RegisterForgot your password?Privacy Policy Ok Registration Hello, ! E-mail: Screen Name: Next Log in I have a Sputniknews.com account Ok Delete account Are you sure you want to delete your Sputniknews.com account? YesNo Your account has been deleted! You can restore your account within 30 days by following the link sent to the e-mail address you entered during registration. Close Community standards The fact of registration and authorization of users on Sputnik websites via users’ account or accounts on social networks indicates acceptance of these rules. Users are obliged abide by national and international laws. Users are obliged to speak respectfully to the other participants in the discussion, readers and individuals referenced in the posts. The websites’ administration has the right to delete comments made in languages ​​other than the language of the majority of the websites’ content. In all language versions of the sputniknews.com websites any comments posted can be edited. A user comment will be deleted if it: does not correspond with the subject of the post; promotes hatred and discrimination on racial, ethnic, sexual, religious or social basis or violates the rights of minorities; violates the rights of minors, causing them harm in any form, including moral damage; contains ideas of extremist nature or calls for other illegal activities; contains insults, threats to other users, individuals or specific organizations, denigrates dignity or undermines business reputations; contains insults or messages expressing disrespect to Sputnik; violates privacy, distributes personal data of third parties without their consent or violates privacy of correspondence; describes or references scenes of violence, cruelty to animals; contains information about methods of suicide, incites to commit suicide; pursues commercial objectives, contains improper advertising, unlawful political advertisement or links to other online resources containing such information; promotes products or services of third parties without proper authorization; contains offensive language or profanity and its derivatives, as well as hints of the use of lexical items falling within this definition; contains spam, advertises spamming, mass mailing services and promotes get-rich-quick schemes; promotes the use of narcotic / psychotropic substances, provides information on their production and use; contains links to viruses and malicious software; is part of an organized action involving large volumes of comments with identical or similar content ("flash mob"); “floods” the discussion thread with a large number of incoherent or irrelevant messages; violates etiquette, exhibiting any form of aggressive, humiliating or abusive behavior ("trolling"); doesn’t follow standard rules of the English language, for example, is typed fully or mostly in capital letters or isn’t broken down into sentences. The administration has the right to block a user’s access to the page or delete a user’s account without notice if the user is in violation of these rules or if behavior indicating said violation is detected. Users can initiate the recovery of their account / unlock access by contacting the moderators at moderator@sputniknews.com The letter must contain: Subject - the restoration of account / unlock access User ID An explanation of the actions which were in violation of the rules above and resulted in the lock. If the moderators deem it possible to restore the account / unlock access, it will be done. In the case of repeated violations of the rules above resulting in a second block of a user’s account, access cannot be restored. To contact the team of moderators, write to moderator@sputniknews.com Log in E-mail: Password: Remember me Sign in RegisterForgot your password?Privacy Policy Other ways to sign in: Ok
Contact Us Journalists Blog Log In Sign Up Send a Release News Solutions Resources Search News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News dansk Deutsch español Français italiano Nederlands norsk português suomeksi svenska Drug Delivery Technology Market Worth 1,669.40 Billion USD by 2021 News provided by MarketsandMarkets Jan 12, 2017, 10:30 ET Share this article PUNE, India, January 12, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- According to a new market research report "Drug Delivery Technology Market by Route of Administration (Oral (Solid), Pulmonary (Nebulizer), Injectable (Device), Ocular (Liquid), Topical (Solid), Implantable (Active), Transmucosal (Oral)), Patient Care Setting (Hospital, ASC) - Global Forecast to 2021", published by MarketsandMarkets, market is projected to reach USD 1,669.40 Billion by 2021 from USD 1,179.20 Billion in 2016, at a CAGR of 7.2% during the forecast period. Continue Reading MarketsandMarkets Logo      (Logo: http://photos.prnewswire.com/prnh/20160303/792302 ) Browse 170 market data Tables and 37 Figures spread through 252 Pages and in-depth TOC on "Drug Delivery Technology Market" http://www.marketsandmarkets.com/Market-Reports/drug-delivery-technologies-market-1085.html Early buyers will receive 10% customization on this report.  Increasing prevalence of chronic diseases, increasing demand for biologics, technological advancements, and new product launches are some of the major factors driving the growth of the Drug Delivery Technology Market. Furthermore, self-administration & home care and rising demand for biosimilars and generic drugs offer significant growth opportunities for player operating in the market. On the other hand, risk of needle-stick injuries and side effects of drugs may restraint the growth of the market. The Drug Delivery Technology Market is segmented based on route of administration, facility of use, and region. Speak to Analyst: http://www.marketsandmarkets.com/speaktoanalyst.asp?id=1085 On the basis of route of administration, the market is segmented into oral, injectable, topical, nasal, ocular, pulmonary, implantable, and transmucosa. The topical drug delivery segment is expected to register the highest CAGR during the forecast period. The high growth in this segment can primarily be attributed to the factors such as convenience and ease of use, ease of dosage, painlessness, noninvasiveness, and enhanced patient compliance. On the basis of facility of use, the market is segmented into the hospitals, ambulatory surgical centers/clinics, home care settings, diagnostic centers, and other facilities of use. In 2016, the hospitals segment is expected to account for the largest share of the market. This can be primarily attributed to advantages such as the significant number of inpatient and outpatient visits in hospitals as compared to other end users and the requirement of large volumes of drugs and their respective delivery devices to cater to the demand of this patient pool. Download PDF Brochure@ http://www.marketsandmarkets.com/pdfdownload.asp?id=1085 Asia is projected to grow at the highest CAGR during the forecast period. Opportunities in the Asian market have attracted huge investments by major companies in the area of R&D activities. In addition, the region has low costs of labor and clinical trials, which has further served to draw market players to Asia. The drug delivery technology is highly competitive market, comprising of various players. Prominent players in the Drug Delivery Technology Market include Johnson & Johnson, Inc. (U.S.), F. Hoffman-La Roche (Switzerland), Merck & Co., Inc. (U.S.), Bayer AG (Germany), Pfizer, Inc. (U.S.), Novartis AG (Switzerland), 3M Company (U.S.), Becton, Dickinson and Company (U.S.), GlaxoSmithKline plc, (U.K.), Sanofi (France), and Antares Pharma, Inc. (U.S.).     Browse Related Reports:  Injectable Drug Delivery Market by Type (Device, Formulation), Therapeutic (Hormonal, Oncology), Usage Pattern (Curative Care, Immunization), Administration (Skin, Musculoskeletal), End User (Hospital, Home Care Setting) - Global Forecast to 2020. http://www.marketsandmarkets.com/Market-Reports/injectable-drug-delivery-market-150.html European Injectable Drug Delivery Market by Type (Device, Formulation), Therapeutic (Hormonal, Oncology), Usage Pattern (Curative Care, Immunization), Administration (Skin, Musculoskeletal), End User (Hospital, Home care Setting) - Forecast to 2020. http://www.marketsandmarkets.com/Market-Reports/european-injectable-drug-delivery-market-1205.html About MarketsandMarkets:  MarketsandMarkets is the largest market research firm worldwide in terms of annually published premium market research reports. Serving 1700 global fortune enterprises with more than 1200 premium studies in a year, M&M is catering to a multitude of clients across 8 different industrial verticals. We specialize in consulting assignments and business research across high growth markets, cutting edge technologies and newer applications. Our 850 fulltime analyst and SMEs at MarketsandMarkets are tracking global high growth markets following the "Growth Engagement Model - GEM". The GEM aims at proactive collaboration with the clients to identify new opportunities, identify most important customers, write "Attack, avoid and defend" strategies, identify sources of incremental revenues for both the company and its competitors. M&M's flagship competitive intelligence and market research platform, "RT" connects over 200,000 markets and entire value chains for deeper understanding of the unmet insights along with market sizing and forecasts of niche markets. The new included chapters on Methodology and Benchmarking presented with high quality analytical infographics in our reports gives complete visibility of how the numbers have been arrived and defend the accuracy of the numbers. We at MarketsandMarkets are inspired to help our clients grow by providing apt business insight with our huge market intelligence repository. Contact: Mr. Rohan MarketsandMarkets 701 Pike Street Suite 2175, Seattle, WA 98101, United States Telephone No: 1-888-600-6441. Email: sales@marketsandmarkets.com Visit MarketsandMarkets Blog @ http://mnmblog.org/market-research/healthcare/medical-devices Connect with us on LinkedIn @ http://www.linkedin.com/company/marketsandmarkets SOURCE MarketsandMarkets Jan 12, 2017, 11:30 ET Preview: Direct-Fed Microbials Market Worth 1,399.6 Million USD by 2022 Jan 12, 2017, 10:00 ET Preview: Brushless DC Motors Market Worth 8.15 Billion USD by 2021 My News Release contains wide tables. View fullscreen. Also from this source Jan 13, 2017, 11:30 ETRubber Bonded Abrasives Market Worth 1.47 Billion USD by 2026 Jan 13, 2017, 10:30 ETMarine Engines Market Worth 13.53 Billion USD by 2021 Explore More news releases in similar topics Health Care & Hospitals Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Surveys, Polls and Research You just read: Drug Delivery Technology Market Worth 1,669.40 Billion USD by 2021 News provided by MarketsandMarkets Jan 12, 2017, 10:30 ET Share this article Looking to send a news release with PR Newswire? Take advantage of the world's leading distribution platform. Sign up to get started Request more information Have an account? Log In Phone 8AM - 10PM ET +1-888-776-0942 Send a Release Sign Up Blog For Journalists Contact Us Search Searching for your content... Advanced Search Contact 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Chat Online with an Expert Contact Us Solutions Cision Communication Cloud™ For Marketers For Public Relations For IR & Compliance For Agency For Small Business All Products About About PR Newswire About Cision Become a Publishing Partner Become a Channel Partner Careers   Global Sites Asia Brazil Canada Europe Finland France India Israel Mexico Middle East Netherlands Sweden United Kingdom My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Terms of Use Privacy Policy Information Security Policy Statement Site Map RSS Feeds Copyright © 2017 PR Newswire Association LLC. All Rights Reserved. A Cision company. News Solutions Resources News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News dansk Deutsch español Français italiano Nederlands norsk português suomeksi svenska Phone +1-888-776-0942 8AM - 10PM ET Chat Chat Online with an Expert All contact info Send a ReleaseLog In
About Us Contact Us Help user name password Client login:    First time user sign up Forgot your login info? Website Directory     Submit Website Search All categoriesAdvertising  GeneralAerospace  GeneralAgriculture  GeneralAirlines  GeneralAmerica - Post 9/11  GeneralApparel  GeneralApple Products  GeneralArchitectural  GeneralArchitecture  ArchitectureArt & Entertainments  Books  Celebrities  Country Music  Dance  Magazines  Movies  Museums  Music  Music Downloads  News & Talk Shows  Performing Arts  Photography  Television  Web SitesArts/Culture  GeneralAuction  GeneralAutomotive  Aftermarket  Classic Autos  Consumer Publications  General  Motorcycle & Bike  Racing  Recreational Vehicle  Repair & Service  Trade PublicationsBlogging & Social Media  Blogging & Social MediaBusiness  Advertising / Marketing  Books  Consumer Research  Direct Marketing  e-Commerce  Entrepreneurs  Finance  Franchise  Human Resources  Insurance  Investment  Management  Markets  Network Marketing  Online Marketing / SEO  Payday Loans  Public Relations  Publications  Real Estate  Retail  Stocks  Supermarkets  Women in BusinessCareers/HR  GeneralChemical  GeneralCoaching / Mentoring  Coaching / MentoringComputers  Apple Products  Databases  Games & Entertainment  General  Hosting  Instruction  Linux / GNU "Open Source"  Macintosh  Microsoft Windows PC  Operating Systems  Programming  Security  Software  Tablet PCs  UtilitiesConstruction  GeneralConsumer  Gifts and Collectibles  Hobbies  Web sites / InternetDesign  Graphic Design  Industrial  WebE-Cigarette  GeneraleCommerce  GeneralEconomy  GeneralEducation  College / University  General  Home Schooling  K-12  Post Graduate  TechnicalElectronics  GeneralEmail Marketing  GeneralEmailWire Press Releases  Press Release TipsEmployment/Careers  GeneralEngineering  GeneralEntertainment  GeneralEnvironment  GeneralEvents / Trade Shows  GeneralFinance  GeneralFood  GeneralFranchise  GeneralFraud / Identity Theft  GeneralGaming  GeneralGovernment  General  Judicial  Law Enforcement  Legislative  Local  National  Public Services  Security  State  TransportationHealthcare  GeneralHome and Family  Banking / Personal Finance  Bereavement / Loss  Home Furnishings / Interiors  Landscaping & Gardening  Marriage / Relationships  Money  Parenting  Payday Loans  Pets  Taxes  Wedding / BridalHome Schooling  GeneralHotels/Resorts  GeneralHousehold  GeneralIndustry  Aerospace / Defense  Agriculture  Apparel / Textiles  Broadcast  Construction / Building  Electrical  Food  Funeral  Healthcare  Leisure / Hospitality  Logistics / Shipping  Manufacturing / Production  Mining / Metals  Oil / Energy  Paper / Forest Products  Plumbing, Heating & AC  Print Media  Printing  Publishing  Radio  Restaurants  Tobacco  ToyInsurance  GeneralInternet/Online  GeneralLegal  GeneralLeisure  GeneralLifestyle  Beauty  Dating / Singles  Diet / Weight Loss  Fashion  Food / Beverage  Health & Fitness  Hotel / Resorts  Pastimes  Restaurants  Retirement  Travel & TourismMachinery  GeneralMaritime  GeneralMedical  Addiction  Allergies  Alternative Medicine  Asthma  Cancer  Cardiology  Chiropractic  Dental  Dermatology  Diabetes  Emergency  Family Medicine  General  General  Geriatrics  Hospitals  Infectious Diseases  Internal Medicine  Managed Care / HMO  Medical Products  Mental Health  Neurology  Nursing  Nutrition  OB / GYN  Pediatrics  Pharmaceuticals  Physical Therapy  Plastic Surgery  Psychology  Radiology / Imaging  Research  Sports Medicine  Surgery  VisionMilitary  GeneralMining/Metals  GeneralMiscellaneous  GeneralNanotechnology  NanotechnologyNon-profit  GeneralOccupational Safety  Occupational SafetyOil/Energy  GeneralOpinion / Editorial  Opinion / EditorialPaper Products  GeneralPaper/Forest  GeneralPharmaceuticals  GeneralPodcasting  Announce  Tools and ServicesPolitics  PoliticsPrint Media  GeneralPublic Utilities  Public UtilitiesPublishing  GeneralRadio  GeneralReal Estate  GeneralReligion  Christian  General  Islam  Jewish  OtherRestaurants  GeneralRetail  GeneralRSS & Content Syndication  RSS & Content SyndicationScience and Research  Science and ResearchSelf-Help / Personal Growth  Self-Help / Personal GrowthShipbuilding  GeneralSociety  African American Interests  Asian Interests  Childrens Issues  Disabled Issues / Disabilities  Gay / Lesbian  Hispanic  Mens Interests  Native American  Senior Citizens  Social Services  Teen Issues/Interests  Womens InterestSoftware  GeneralSports  Baseball  Basketball  Bicycling  Boating / Maritime  Bowling  Boxing  Fishing  Football  Golf  Hockey  Hunting  Martial Arts  Outdoors  Rugby  Soccer  Tennis  Water  Winter/SnowSports/Fitness  GeneralStocks  GeneralSupermarkets  GeneralTechnology  Biotechnology  Computer  Electronics  Enterprise Software  Games  Graphics/Printing/CAD  Hardware / Peripherals  Industrial  Information  Internet  Multimedia  Networking  Public Sector/Government  Robotics  Semiconductor  Software  Telecommunications  WebmastersTelecom  General  WirelessTelevision  GeneralTobacco  GeneralTrade  GeneralTransportation  GeneralTravel  GeneralUtilities  GeneralVolunteer  VolunteerWeather  Weather Home > News By Company > ReportsWeb.com Tweet   Autoimmune and Inflammatory Immunomodulators Market 2016 Geographical Segmentation, Size, Trends, Growth and Forecasts ReportsWeb.com published Autoimmune and Inflammatory Immunomodulators Market from its database. The report covers the market landscape and its growth prospects over the coming years. The report also includes a discussion of the key vendors operating in (EMAILWIRE.COM, January 12, 2017 ) Immunomodulators are the drugs that help to regulate the immune system. These drugs either stimulate the weak immune systems or moderate the overactive immune systems. Though many drugs are available in the market, there still exists a huge unmet need in the autoimmune and inflammatory immunomodulators market as there are no medicines that provide complete cure to some diseases such as rheumatoid arthritis, ulcerative colitis, and Crohn's disease. Publisher's analysts forecast the global autoimmune and inflammatory immunomodulators market to grow at a CAGR of 7.01% during the period 2016-2020. For more information about this report: http://www.reportsweb.com/global-autoimmune-and-inflammatory-immunomodulators-market-2016-2020 Covered in this report The report covers the present scenario and the growth prospects of the global autoimmune and inflammatory immunomodulators market for 2016-2020. To calculate the market size, the report considers the revenue generated from the sales of drugs that are expected to be launched into the market along with the decline in revenues from the patent expiries of the marketed drugs during the forecast period. The market is divided into the following segments based on geography: -Americas -APAC -EMEA Publisher's report, Global Autoimmune and Inflammatory Immunomodulators Market 2016-2020, has been prepared based on an in-depth market analysis with inputs from industry experts. The report covers the market landscape and its growth prospects over the coming years. The report also includes a discussion of the key vendors operating in this market. Key vendors -AbbVie -Johnson & Johnson -Amgen -F. Hoffmann-La Roche -Pfizer Request Sample Copy at http://www.reportsweb.com/inquiry&RW0001462893/sample . Other prominent vendors -AstraZeneca -Avaxia Biologics -Biogen Idec -Bristol-Myers Squibb -Boehringer Ingelheim -Eli Lilly -Enlivex Therapeutics -Gilead Sciences -Immune Pharmaceuticals -Merck -Mitsubishi Tanabe Pharma -Neovacs -Prometheus Laboratories -Sandoz -Sanofi -Swedish Orphan Biovitrum -Takeda Pharmaceuticals -UCB Market driver -Development of novel therapies using innovative technologies. -For a full, detailed list, view our report Market challenge -Discontinuation of drugs under development leading to substantial loss in revenue. -For a full, detailed list, view our report Market trend -Advent of biosimilars expected to improve the treatment rates. -For a full, detailed list, view our report Inquire for Report at http://www.reportsweb.com/inquiry&RW0001462893/buying . Contact Information: ReportsWeb.com Priya Sisodia Tel: +1-646-491-9876 Email us This is a press release. Press release distribution and press release services by EmailWire.Com: http://www.emailwire.com/us-press-release-distribution.php. 
   Search All categoriesAdvertising  GeneralAerospace  GeneralAgriculture  GeneralAirlines  GeneralAmerica - Post 9/11  GeneralApparel  GeneralApple Products  GeneralArchitectural  GeneralArchitecture  ArchitectureArt & Entertainments  Books  Celebrities  Country Music  Dance  Magazines  Movies  Museums  Music  Music Downloads  News & Talk Shows  Performing Arts  Photography  Television  Web SitesArts/Culture  GeneralAuction  GeneralAutomotive  Aftermarket  Classic Autos  Consumer Publications  General  Motorcycle & Bike  Racing  Recreational Vehicle  Repair & Service  Trade PublicationsBlogging & Social Media  Blogging & Social MediaBusiness  Advertising / Marketing  Books  Consumer Research  Direct Marketing  e-Commerce  Entrepreneurs  Finance  Franchise  Human Resources  Insurance  Investment  Management  Markets  Network Marketing  Online Marketing / SEO  Payday Loans  Public Relations  Publications  Real Estate  Retail  Stocks  Supermarkets  Women in BusinessCareers/HR  GeneralChemical  GeneralCoaching / Mentoring  Coaching / MentoringComputers  Apple Products  Databases  Games & Entertainment  General  Hosting  Instruction  Linux / GNU "Open Source"  Macintosh  Microsoft Windows PC  Operating Systems  Programming  Security  Software  Tablet PCs  UtilitiesConstruction  GeneralConsumer  Gifts and Collectibles  Hobbies  Web sites / InternetDesign  Graphic Design  Industrial  WebE-Cigarette  GeneraleCommerce  GeneralEconomy  GeneralEducation  College / University  General  Home Schooling  K-12  Post Graduate  TechnicalElectronics  GeneralEmail Marketing  GeneralEmailWire Press Releases  Press Release TipsEmployment/Careers  GeneralEngineering  GeneralEntertainment  GeneralEnvironment  GeneralEvents / Trade Shows  GeneralFinance  GeneralFood  GeneralFranchise  GeneralFraud / Identity Theft  GeneralGaming  GeneralGovernment  General  Judicial  Law Enforcement  Legislative  Local  National  Public Services  Security  State  TransportationHealthcare  GeneralHome and Family  Banking / Personal Finance  Bereavement / Loss  Home Furnishings / Interiors  Landscaping & Gardening  Marriage / Relationships  Money  Parenting  Payday Loans  Pets  Taxes  Wedding / BridalHome Schooling  GeneralHotels/Resorts  GeneralHousehold  GeneralIndustry  Aerospace / Defense  Agriculture  Apparel / Textiles  Broadcast  Construction / Building  Electrical  Food  Funeral  Healthcare  Leisure / Hospitality  Logistics / Shipping  Manufacturing / Production  Mining / Metals  Oil / Energy  Paper / Forest Products  Plumbing, Heating & AC  Print Media  Printing  Publishing  Radio  Restaurants  Tobacco  ToyInsurance  GeneralInternet/Online  GeneralLegal  GeneralLeisure  GeneralLifestyle  Beauty  Dating / Singles  Diet / Weight Loss  Fashion  Food / Beverage  Health & Fitness  Hotel / Resorts  Pastimes  Restaurants  Retirement  Travel & TourismMachinery  GeneralMaritime  GeneralMedical  Addiction  Allergies  Alternative Medicine  Asthma  Cancer  Cardiology  Chiropractic  Dental  Dermatology  Diabetes  Emergency  Family Medicine  General  General  Geriatrics  Hospitals  Infectious Diseases  Internal Medicine  Managed Care / HMO  Medical Products  Mental Health  Neurology  Nursing  Nutrition  OB / GYN  Pediatrics  Pharmaceuticals  Physical Therapy  Plastic Surgery  Psychology  Radiology / Imaging  Research  Sports Medicine  Surgery  VisionMilitary  GeneralMining/Metals  GeneralMiscellaneous  GeneralNanotechnology  NanotechnologyNon-profit  GeneralOccupational Safety  Occupational SafetyOil/Energy  GeneralOpinion / Editorial  Opinion / EditorialPaper Products  GeneralPaper/Forest  GeneralPharmaceuticals  GeneralPodcasting  Announce  Tools and ServicesPolitics  PoliticsPrint Media  GeneralPublic Utilities  Public UtilitiesPublishing  GeneralRadio  GeneralReal Estate  GeneralReligion  Christian  General  Islam  Jewish  OtherRestaurants  GeneralRetail  GeneralRSS & Content Syndication  RSS & Content SyndicationScience and Research  Science and ResearchSelf-Help / Personal Growth  Self-Help / Personal GrowthShipbuilding  GeneralSociety  African American Interests  Asian Interests  Childrens Issues  Disabled Issues / Disabilities  Gay / Lesbian  Hispanic  Mens Interests  Native American  Senior Citizens  Social Services  Teen Issues/Interests  Womens InterestSoftware  GeneralSports  Baseball  Basketball  Bicycling  Boating / Maritime  Bowling  Boxing  Fishing  Football  Golf  Hockey  Hunting  Martial Arts  Outdoors  Rugby  Soccer  Tennis  Water  Winter/SnowSports/Fitness  GeneralStocks  GeneralSupermarkets  GeneralTechnology  Biotechnology  Computer  Electronics  Enterprise Software  Games  Graphics/Printing/CAD  Hardware / Peripherals  Industrial  Information  Internet  Multimedia  Networking  Public Sector/Government  Robotics  Semiconductor  Software  Telecommunications  WebmastersTelecom  General  WirelessTelevision  GeneralTobacco  GeneralTrade  GeneralTransportation  GeneralTravel  GeneralUtilities  GeneralVolunteer  VolunteerWeather  Weather Advertising | How to contact us | Privacy Statement | EmailWire Press Releases | Partnership Opportunities EmailWire is a press release distribution service of GroupWeb Media LLC. © Copyright GroupWeb Media LLC 2017
24/7 Wall St. - Insightful Analysis and Commentary for U.S. and Global Equity Investors Search this site Business Aerospace & Defense Autos Banking & Finance Commodities & Metals Consumer Products Energy Healthcare Industrials Infrastructure Media Retail Services Technology Apps & Software Consumer Electronics Telecom & Wireless Apple Inc. Facebook Google Investing Analyst Upgrades Bankruptcy Buffett Corporate Governance Corporate Performance Dividends and Buybacks Earnings ETFs and Mutual Funds International Markets IPOs and Secondaries Mergers and Acquisitions Personal Finance Rumors Value Investing Economy Energy Government Regulation Healthcare Housing Jobs Special Report Brands and Products Cities Countries States Major Pharma Short Interest Declines Ahead of Trump Comments By Chris Lange January 12, 2017 10:50 am EST Print Email Tweet The short interest data have been released for the December 30 settlement date. Pharmaceutical companies usually are involved in a lengthy process in getting their drug candidates to market through clinical trials. There is a fair amount of risk involved, should a study come back negative or a candidate not be approved. Conversely, if a drug gains FDA approval or passes a clinical trial, there can be big upside. Drug prices have been under pressure due to the campaign rhetoric. But now that the election is over and Hillary Clinton — one of the main antagonists of these companies — is no longer running, the pressure has seemingly let up. However, recent comments from Trump have reignited discussion about the industry, suggesting that it may be “getting away with murder.” It’s worth noting that the short interest data were compiled before Trump made this comment. Much more is to be seen from this industry going forward, much less these stocks. 24/7 Wall St has put together a bullish and bearish case for 2017 for the Dow’s health care sector. Keep in mind that short sellers betting against big pharma are taking on an added risk. They have to pay out the ongoing high dividends on top of the cost of borrowing the shares. The December 30 short interest data have been compared with the previous figures, and short interest moves in these selected pharmaceutical stocks were mixed. Short interest in Pfizer Inc. (NYSE: PFE) increased slightly to 44.49 million shares from the previous 44.19 million. Its shares were last seen at $32.45, within a 52-week trading range of $28.25 to $37.39. The number of Merck & Co. Inc. (NYSE: MRK) shares short decreased to 17.31 million from 18.75 million in the previous period. Its shares were trading at $62.69, in a 52-week range of $47.97 to $65.46. Teva Pharmaceutical Industries Ltd.’s (NYSE: TEVA) short interest remained flat at 19.47 million shares, compared to the previous level. Shares were last trading at $34.30, in a 52-week range of $33.56 to $64.31. The short interest drop in Bristol-Myers Squibb Co. (NYSE: BMY) was to 12.53 million shares, compared to the previous reading of 13.35 million. Shares were last trading at $56.48, within a 52-week range of $49.03 to $77.12. The number of shares short in AbbVie Inc. (NYSE: ABBV) decreased to 33.40 million, compared to the previous 38.02 million. The stock was trading at $60.61, in a 52-week trading range of $50.71 to $68.12. Eli Lilly and Co.’s (NYSE: LLY) short interest increased to 10.76 million shares from the previous 7.63 million. The stock was trading at $75.51. The 52-week range is $64.18 to $84.80. I'm interested in the Newsletter Get Newsletter terms and conditions   By Chris Lange « Short Sellers Back Off Major Semiconductors America’s 400 Richest Taxpayers Could Get $7 Million Tax Cuts If ACA Is Repealed » Read more: Healthcare Business, healthcare, pharmaceuticals, short interest, AbbVie Inc. (NYSE:ABBV), Bristol-Myers Squibb Co. (NYSE:BMY), Eli Lilly & Co. (NYSE:LLY), Merck & Co., Inc. (NYSE:MRK), Pfizer (NYSE:PFE), Teva Pharmaceutical Industries (NYSE:TEVA) Free Daily Newsletter Subscribe Terms & Conditions Sponsors Popular The Largest Private Company in Every State Cities Where You Don't Want to Get Sick The Worst Companies to Work For The Largest Employer in Every State Best (and Worst) Paying Cities for Women Recent 5 Must-See Earnings Coming This Week Top 5 Dow Stocks Reporting Earnings This Week Huge Michael Dell Purchase Highlights Insider Buying: Dell Technologies, Accelerate Diagnostics, Loxo Oncology and More 10 Worst States to Grow Old Get Quote for: Symbol Lookup Search How a Roth IRA Can Help You Make the Most of Social Security 1 Company Pioneering the AI Revolution Simple Ways to Maximize Your Social Security Benefits Macy's fires chief growth officer Peter Sachse Nasdaq Composite Index closes up 26.63 points, or 0.5%, at 5,574.12 S&P 500 closes up 4.12 points, or 0.2%, at 2,274.59 Caterpillar (CAT) or Deere (DE): Which Is the Better Stock? Unum Group (UNM) Strengthens Portfolio with New Coverage Union Pacific (UNP) Q4 Earnings: What Awaits the Stock? Sterling skids on Brexit anxiety; investors hope for Trump clarity Trump threatens BMW with border tax on cars built in Mexico Samsung Electronics probe finds battery was main cause of Note 7 fires: source 1 Company Pioneering the AI Revolution Simple Ways to Maximize Your Social Security Benefits Detroit Auto Show: Will Volkswagen Build This Electric Microbus? These 8 Men Have As Much Money As Half The World Trump Threatens BMW With Border Tax On Cars Built In Mexico Democrats Lead Nationwide Day Of Rallies In Defense Of Obamacare Home About Us Disclaimer and Terms of Use Privacy Policy Contact Us Advertise AOL-HuffPost Money & Finance ©2017 24/7 Wall St. | Powered by WordPress.com VIP
X Edition: United States Business Business Home Legal Deals Aerospace & Defense Finance Autos Reuters Summits ADventures Data Dive Markets Markets Home U.S. Markets European Markets Asian Markets Global Market Data Indices Stocks Bonds Currencies Commodities Futures Funds Earnings Dividends World World Home U.S. Special Reports Reuters Investigates Euro Zone Middle East China Japan Mexico Brazil Africa Russia India Politics Politics Home Election 2016 Polling Explorer Just In: Election 2016 What Voters Want Supreme Court Tech Technology Home Science Top 100 Global Innovators Environment Innovation Commentary Commentary Home Podcasts Breakingviews Breakingviews Home Breakingviews Video Money Money Home Retirement Lipper Awards Analyst Research Stock Screener Fund Screener Life Health Sports Arts Entertainment Oddly Enough Pictures Pictures Home The Wider Image Photographers Focus 360 Video Wall Street edges higher after banks report strong results Africa América Latina عربي Argentina Brasil Canada 中国 Deutschland España France India Italia 日本 México РОССИЯ United Kingdom United States Business News | Fri Jan 13, 2017 | 3:06pm EST Wall Street edges higher after banks report strong results By Noel Randewich The S&P 500 rose on Friday after major U.S. banks kicked off the fourth-quarter earnings season with strong results, helping fuel confidence about a recent market rally. Wall Street has surged since President-elect Trump's unexpected election victory on optimism he will cut corporate taxes, spend on infrastructure and deregulate banks. With stocks trading at valuations well above historic averages, many investors believe further gains will depend on S&P 500 companies handing in strong report cards over the next several weeks. Major banks on Friday did not disappoint: Bank of America (BAC.N), JPMorgan (JPM.N) and Wells Fargo (WFC.N) all posted quarterly profits above analysts' expectations. They also expressed optimism about 2017 in their first public comments about earnings since Trump won the election in November. Their shares surged over 2 percent but later gave up most of those gains. Wells Fargo was 1.04-percent higher and JPMorgan added 0.43 percent. The S&P financial sector has jumped about 17 percent since the election, outpacing the S&P 500's 6.1 percent rise. "Earnings are key going forward, and we're off to a decent start," said Mike Baele, managing director with the Private Client Reserve of U.S. Bank in Portland, Oregon. The Dow declined, with McDonald's (MCD.N) and other consumer stocks down after a report showed U.S. retail sales and core retail sales increased less than expected in December. Trading volumes were light ahead of a three-day weekend. At 2:42 pm ET, the Dow Jones Industrial Average .DJI was down 0.14 percent at 19,863.26 points, while the S&P 500 .SPX had gained 0.10 percent to 2,272.67. The Nasdaq Composite .IXIC added 0.39 percent to 5,569.18. The biggest boost to the S&P 500 and the Nasdaq was from Facebook (FB.O), which jumped 1.6 percent after Raymond James upgraded the stock. The combined profit of S&P 500 companies is expected to have risen 6.2 percent in the fourth quarter, according to Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S. "We've come a long way very quickly so there's scope for a pullback, but overall the outlook for 2017 is relatively positive," said Jon Adams, senior investment strategist at BMO Global Asset Management. Advancing issues outnumbered declining ones on the NYSE by a 1.49-to-1 ratio; on Nasdaq, a 2.06-to-1 ratio favored advancers. The S&P 500 posted 30 new 52-week highs and 3 new lows; the Nasdaq Composite recorded 113 new highs and 10 new lows. (Additional reporting by Tanya Agrawal; Editing by Nick Zieminski) Traders work on the floor of the New York Stock Exchange (NYSE) shortly after the opening bell in New York, U.S., January 9, 2017. REUTERS/Lucas Jackson Next In Business News Sterling skids on Brexit anxiety; investors hope for Trump clarity SYDNEY Sterling slid to three-month lows in Asia on Monday with investors again spooked by concerns over Britain's exit from the European Union, while U.S. policy uncertainty lingered ahead of President-elect Donald Trump's inauguration. Trump threatens BMW with border tax on cars built in Mexico BERLIN President-elect Donald Trump has warned the United States will impose a border tax of 35 percent on cars that German carmaker BMW plans to build at a new plant in Mexico and export to the U.S. market. Samsung Electronics probe finds battery was main cause of Note 7 fires: source SEOUL Samsung Electronics Co Ltd's investigation into what caused some Galaxy Note 7s to catch fire has concluded that the battery was the main reason, a person familiar with the matter told Reuters on Monday. MORE FROM REUTERS Sponsored Content From Around the Web Promoted by Taboola Trending Stories Photos of the week Photos of the week Sponsored Topics X Follow Reuters: Follow Us On Twitter Follow Us On Facebook Follow Us On RSS Follow Us On Instagram Follow Us On YouTube Follow Us On LinkedIn Subscribe: Feeds | Newsletters | Podcasts | Apps Reuters News Agency | Brand Attribution Guidelines Reuters is the news and media division of Thomson Reuters. Thomson Reuters is the world's largest international multimedia news agency, providing investing news, world news, business news, technology news, headline news, small business news, news alerts, personal finance, stock market, and mutual funds information available on Reuters.com, video, mobile, and interactive television platforms. Learn more about Thomson Reuters products: Eikon Information, analytics and exclusive news on financial markets - delivered in an intuitive desktop and mobile interface Elektron Everything you need to empower your workflow and enhance your enterprise data management World-Check Screen for heightened risk individual and entities globally to help uncover hidden risks in business relationships and human networks Westlaw Build the strongest argument relying on authoritative content, attorney-editor expertise, and industry defining technology ONESOURCE The most comprehensive solution to manage all your complex and ever-expanding tax and compliance needs CHECKPOINT The industry leader for online information for tax, accounting and finance professionals All quotes delayed a minimum of 15 minutes. See here for a complete list of exchanges and delays. Site Feedback Corrections Advertising Guidelines AdChoices Terms of Use Privacy Policy
Fox News Fox Business Fox News Go Fox News Radio Fox Nation Fox News Insider Fox Business Home Markets Politics Features Media & Advertising Cloud Innovation Business Leaders Technology FBN TV SHOWS ANCHORS & REPORTERS SCHEDULE VIDEO Search Dow, S&P Set for Worst Day in Three Months as Trump-Trade Fizzles ADVERTISEMENT On Our Radar Refresh Close On Our Radar Load More Dow, S&P Set for Worst Day in Three Months as Trump-Trade Fizzles Published January 12, 2017 Markets Reuters Facebook Twitter Comments Print U.S. President-elect Donald Trump (Copyright Reuters 2016) The S&P 500 and the Dow were set for their worst day since October as the lack of details on economic policy in Donald Trump's speech took the wind out of a record-setting post-election rally. Continue Reading Below The losses were broad-based. All of the 11 major S&P 500 sectors were lower, with the technology, financial and industrial sectors all down 1 percent or more. In his first news conference since election, Trump on Wednesday gave no details on tax cuts or infrastructure spending. He instead lashed out at U.S. spy agencies and media houses over what he called a 'phony' Russia dossier. Trump also blasted pharmaceutical companies over high drug prices, causing health stocks to snap a six-day winning streak and a wobble on Wall Street. "Some wind has been taken out of the reflation trade, at least for the short term," said Jeff Zipper, managing director at the Private Client Reserve, U.S. Bank in Florida. "There is a high probability of more volatility if his agenda does not go through or may take longer than he expects." Continue Reading Below ADVERTISEMENT At 11:06 a.m. ET the Dow Jones Industrial Average was down 177.03 points, or 0.89 percent, at 19,777.25 and the S&P 500 was down 20.34 points, or 0.89 percent, at 2,254.98. The Nasdaq Composite was down 65.74 points, or 1.18 percent, at 5,497.91, set for its biggest one-day drop since Dec. 1. The CBOE Volatility Index or Wall Street's "fear gauge," ticked up 11.6 percent, the most since the U.S. election. The dollar was at a one-month low, while gold rose to its highest since late November. The financial index tumbled 1.5 percent, set for its worst day since Sept. 29. The decline comes one day before a trio of big banks report results, kicking off the fourth-quarter earnings season. Merck, one of the few health stocks that avoided Wednesday's carnage, gained 2.1 percent after multiple broker upgrades. The drugmaker's fellow Dow component Disney Co was off 1.7 percent at $107.62 after Pivotal cut its rating on the stock to 'sell'. Microsoft fell 1.8 percent and Apple dropped 1.2, making them the biggest drags on the S&P and the Nasdaq. Declining issues outnumbered advancers on the NYSE by 2,080 to 728. On the Nasdaq, 2,157 issues fell and 527 advanced. The S&P 500 index showed six new 52-week highs and three new lows, while the Nasdaq recorded 28 new highs and 16 new lows. (Reporting by Yashaswini Swamynathan in Bengaluru; Editing by Savio D'Souza) What do you think? Click the button below to comment on this article. Show comments Fox Business Markets Politics Features FBN TV About Fox Business Channel Finder Advertise With Us Jobs Internships New Terms of Use (What's new) New Privacy Policy FAQ Media Relations Closed Captioning Policy Accessibility Statement Quotes delayed at least 15 minutes. Real-time quotes provided by BATS BZX Real-Time Price. Market Data provided by Interactive Data (Terms & Conditions). Powered and Implemented by Interactive Data Managed Solutions. Company fundamental data provided by Morningstar. Earnings estimates data provided by Zacks. Mutual fund and ETF data provided by Lipper. Economic data provided by Econoday. Dow Jones & Company Terms & Conditions. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. ©2017 FOX News Network, LLC. All rights reserved. FAQ - Privacy Policy
  Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Wires Home My Profile Logout Login Feedback DailyMail NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad US STOCKS-Wall St set for weak open as Trump speech disappoints By Reuters Published: 08:50 EST, 12 January 2017 | Updated: 08:50 EST, 12 January 2017 e-mail By Yashaswini Swamynathan Jan 12 (Reuters) - U.S. stocks were set for a lower open on Thursday after President-elect Donald Trump gave little clarity on his promises of boosting economic growth that had powered a record-breaking rally on Wall Street for two months. Trump, in his first news conference on Wednesday, gave no details on tax cuts or infrastructure spending, and instead lashed out at U.S. spy agencies and news agencies over what he called a 'phony' Russia dossier. He also blasted pharmaceutical companies over high drug prices, causing health stocks to snap a six-day winning streak and a wobble in Wall Street. However, a rise in energy and technology stocks helped the market close higher on Wednesday, with the Nasdaq ending at a record high for the fourth session in a row. Dow e-minis were down 36 points, or 0.18 percent at 8:32 a.m. ET on Thursday, with 21,201 contracts changing hands. S&P 500 e-minis were down 5.5 points, or 0.24 percent, with 131,309 contracts traded and Nasdaq 100 e-minis were down 13.75 points, or 0.27 percent, on volume of 23,981 contracts. "The indices are trading lower as investors rethink yesterday Trump press conference," said Peter Cardillo, chief market economist at First Standard Financial in New York. "The fact that there was no mention of fiscal policy is weighing on the greenback this morning (and) causing a cautious mood in the equity arena." The dollar fell to its lowest level in nearly one month on Thursday. Prices of safe-haven gold rose to their highest since late November. With Trump's comments at the back of their minds, investors will turn their focus to the earnings season, which will kick off in earnest on Friday when a trio of big banks report. S&P 500 companies' earnings in the fourth quarter are estimated to have risen 5.7 percent - the best in three years - largely due to a rise in financial stocks, according to Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S. Merck, one of the few health stocks that avoided the carnage in the sector on Wednesday, gained 1.4 percent to $62.52 premarket after multiple broker upgrades. The drugmaker's fellow Dow component Disney Co was off 1 percent at $108.28 after Pivotal cut its rating on the stock to 'sell'. Apple was off 0.58 percent at $118.97. A report from the U.S. Labor Department showed the number of Americans applying for unemployment benefit rose less than expected to 247,000 last week. Economists had estimated a rise to 255,000. (Reporting by Yashaswini Swamynathan in Bengaluru; Editing by Savio D'Souza) Share or comment on this article e-mail Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article. Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail     DON'T MISS 'It's a huge shock': Binky Felstead reveals she is expecting her first baby with on/off co-star Josh Patterson... but they're 'still not officially together' PICTURE EXCLUSIVE Kourtney Kardashian, 37, wears a sheer bra for late-night rendezvous with former flame Justin Bieber, 22 'I was on the verge of a breakdown' : Olly Murs' mother reveals her heartache that son Ben has disowned the family over X Factor row Katy Perry debuts dramatic blonde dye-job as she surprise Orlando Bloom with a secret 40th birthday bash in Palm Springs Scarlet siren! Myleene Klass flaunts her enviably toned figure in skimpy red bikini as she goes body-boarding during exotic family getaway in Sri Lanka 'He's so proud of her': Danniella Westbrook set to appear on Loose Women with son Kai as she continues comeback following cocaine relapse Lewis Hamilton turns heads in bright yellow hoodie while arriving at LAX... as 'Valtteri Bottas' switch from Williams to Mercedes is set to be clarified' Paris Hilton flaunts her slender waist and endless legs in gold-embroidered LBD as she attends Milan Men's Fashion Week  'Show us the chopper!': Chloe Ferry demands Jamie O'Hara flashes his manhood... as Kim Woodburn and James Cosmo blast her 'gross' behaviour 'I'm gutted with myself!': CBB's James Jordan apologises to Jamie O'Hara after 'mugging him off' by calling him a 'washed-up footballer' Blac Chyna only has eyes for Rob Kardashian as the couple pack on the PDA for a flight to NYC The pair looked besotted at JFK airport Sunday 'We didn't go out of our way to keep it secret': Katherine Kelly reveals she has given birth to a second child called Rose after keeping pregnancy under wraps Baby and me! Olivia Wilde snuggles her newborn protectively as she enjoys a brisk walk in frosty Brooklyn Daisy in tow for the Sunday stroll Elizabeth Hurley, 51, looks incredibly youthful in blue midi dress with cross-shoulder detail as she attends Milan Men's Fashion Week Have Ellen DeGeneres and wife Portia de Rossi found an Australian home? Talk show host and actress request an inspection of $5.8 million Victoria mansion  'I can't work out whether it's amazing, genius or the worst episode I've seen!': Sherlock fans go wild over 'gory' series finale  New John le Carre spy drama for TV: BBC to follow up success of The Night Manager with adaptation of The Spy Who Came In From The Cold  'I have literally nothing to hide': Fitspo star Kayla Itsines opens up about the benefits of her drink and drug-free lifestyle as she poses for stunning shoot in Vogue Australia Josie Gibson winces as she suffers a nasty fall during training for The Jump in Austria... as Eddie 'The Eagle' Edwards is 'AXED from disaster-prone show for voicing safety concerns 'I still have a hangover!' Rebecca Judd complains about her 'rough day' after partying at the Portsea Polo as she laments about returning to work  'You're a fat slob!': CBB's Kim Woodburn and James Jordan become embroiled in a furious row with the cleaner claiming 'no one can stomach him'  Married at last? Sonia Kruger, 51 sparks speculation she has wed long-term partner Craig McPherson after stepping out while sporting a ring on THAT finger Wet 'n' wild! Alessandra Ambrosio displays her flawless physique in very tiny black bikini as she enjoys a dip in the sea in Brazil PICTURE EXCLUSIVE Kristin Cavallari relaxes in a bikini as she hires a yacht to celebrate Jay Cutler's 30th With their three young children Getting pizza all over her frock, 'shooing away' a cocktail waitress and interrupting interviews: Nicole Kidman's 'bizarre behaviour' at the Golden Globes revealed One piece wonder! Kelly Bensimon, 49, flaunts her figure in sexy black one piece with hip side cutouts Proved you don't need a bikini to look sexy Tamara Ecclestone shares cute pictures of her daughter Sophia, 2, showing off her skiing skills before enjoying a pony ride in Gstaad Enjoying Switzerland Making a stellar appearance! Nicole Richie snuggles up in star-spangled unicorn onesie at pyjama party Held hands with rocker husband, Joel Madden Dressed down Kylie Jenner giggles as she enjoys a night out at a burger joint with boyfriend Tyga She's notan expensive date. A royal faux pas? The Crown's Matt Smith spotted smoking 'suspicious looking cigarette' outside a London pub while on a night out with pals  Moving Swift-ly on? Giggling Tom Hiddleston is spotted bidding farewell to a mystery brunette during evening stroll back in London 'Mariah's filled with regret over James': Carey has 'reached out' to ex-fiance Packer to help her brand recover after New Year's Eve lip-syncing saga Church time! Gwen Stefani is a model mum in plaid as she attends worship services with her three sons Headed to church in Los Angeles on Sunday 'She's finally happy again': Cassandra Thorburn is willing to forgive ex-husband Karl Stefanovic and move on following their high profile split Hidden Figures counts up $20.5 million as it holds on to top spot at the box office for a second weekend About mathematicians who helped NASA put John Glenn into space  The reality of Instagram! Pia Muehlenbeck's hilarious before and after shots reveal what REALLY happens when models try to take the perfect beach shot 'Pajama jammy jam!' Kourtney Kardashian cuddles up to Kim's bestie Chrissy Teigen at Cash Warren's star-studded PJ party 'I will be ok!' Priyanka Chopra updates fans after dangerous fall on Quantico set left her with concussion Left hospitalised after a nasty fall  'I left the hospital looking 5 months pregnant': Peta Murgatroyd says 'real life' means female bodies don't just shrink back into shape Former TOWIE star Abi Clarke flaunts her eye-popping assets as she goes braless in extreme plunging playsuit and thigh-highs on night out She's got a lot of cheek! Bikini clad Holly Hagan flaunts her perky derriere in sizzling belfies during romantic breakaway to Thailand 'She's like my wife!' Amanda Peet describes relationship with BFF Sarah Paulson as 'intense and visceral' after THAT Golden Globes red carpet kiss 'I don't want to be at the centre of attention': Amanda Seyfried opens up about her upcoming wedding to Thomas Sadoski as she stuns in Prada on the cover of Vogue Australia Shedding for the wedding? Bonnie Sveen reveals her dramatic slim-down amid rumours her boyfriend Nathan Gooley is ready to pop the question Ariana Grande showcases her slender pins in sexy Instagram to promote her Dangerous Woman Tour Sultry shot of herself donning a black unitard 'Fastest retirement in history': Steven Jacobs returns to Today's weather segment less than two months after departing to live in Vanuatu 'Back in action': Yolanda Hadid shares behind the scenes shot as she joins daughter Gigi on Tommy Hilfiger shoot 'Causing trouble with him': Louise Thompson flaunts her toned body in yet ANOTHER workout video with beau Ryan Libbey... as she claims she's gained weight on holiday 'If I don't get a husband after this...': Jessica Wright embodies Christina Aguilera in raunchy leather chaps on new show Dance Dance Dance Is the sun setting on Sam and Kochie? Sunrise co-host David Koch 'wants Armytage replaced with Edwina Bartholomew' as ratings battle with Today Show's Karl and Lisa heats up Always camera ready! Jennifer Lopez turns shopping trip into a modelling shoot as she poses against a wall   Jennifer Lopez doesn't do casual. 'A bit of graft and willpower': Vicky Pattison shows off her incredibly toned figure in a sexy orange bikini at health retreat in Portugal after vowing to lose 10lbs 2DayFM 'under fire' after it's revealed new 'Sydney' breakfast show will be broadcast from Melbourne after Sam Frost and Rove McManus get dumped Amanda Seyfried shows off her bump in a grey sweater on outing with fiancé Thomas Sadoski Confirmed her first pregnancy in November 'No greater blessing than family!' Ciara's boy supports stepdad Russell Wilson's team... while his birth father Future backs the other side She's back! Kim Kardashian is her old self again as she sits astride a buggy and poses with a falcon on Dubai modelling shoot 'They're speaking all the time': Blake Garvey has been a 'shoulder to cry on' for Sam Frost following Bachelorette's split from Sasha Mielczarek Bikini-clad Billie Lourd holds hands with Taylor Lautner on sunshine break after the death of mother Carrie Fisher Mourning her mother and grandmother They played in Chelsea! Frankie Bridge celebrates her 27th birthday with retired footballer husband Wayne  Tina Fey pays tribute to Carrie Fisher as she appears in hologram form on Saturday Night Live Admitted she was 'nervous' about the gig Three generations of Beckham! David returns to Old Trafford with son Cruz and dad Ted as the trio watch Manchester United take on Liverpool 'Of course it's f*****g good to challenge your audience!' Sherlock creator Mark Gatiss slams fans who find the show confusing... and tells them to 'go read a children's book' 'Pound Shop today Harrods tomorrow!' Katie Price wraps up in a cosy designer ensemble during cut-price weekend shopping trip Looking bootyful! Kim Kardashian shows off her shapely rear in a form fitting white dress She's officially back at work, with a whirlwind tour of Dubai. 'Spray tan lyfe!' Ashley Graham strips down to her bikini as she flaunts her freshly tanned figure The plus-size stunner is a positive body image activist Prince George 'WON'T attend the same school as his father as Kate and William opt for smaller, more discreet pre-prep closer to Kensington Palace'  So good it's criminal! Busty Lauren Goodger flaunts her hourglass curves in saucy selfie... after supporting violent rap song penned by jailbird boyfriend's brother Before she shot to fame: Nicola McLean totes rifle as teen army cadet in newly-unveiled snaps... as pal Maria Fowler insists Tom Williams won't leave her over CBB flirting It's Kueen Kim! Kardashian is treated to a dance display as she gets the royal welcome in Dubai Now she knows how Kate Middleton feels EXCLUSIVE! Jessica Cunningham 'pretended she was sick' in order to ditch an online chat show deal at the last minute to enter the Big Brother house PJ-clad Jessica Alba plays beer pong at husband Cash Warren's birthday bash Also included a clip of designer Rachel Zoe engaging in the  sport Louise Thompson shows off her toned and tanned body in ANOTHER sun-soaked bikini snap on  break with boyfriend Ryan Libbey 'You just don't feel sexy!' The Hills star Audrina Patridge dishes on her love life after birth of baby daughter Kirra Thrill seeker! Ariel Winter squeals with delight as she takes her niece to Disneyland on her sixth birthday She was treating her to a day out Very cheeky! Chloe Madeley flashes her round posterior in racy grey swimsuit as she shares saucy belfie Flaunted her toned physique  Bare-faced beauty! Chloe Moretz keeps it casual in ripped sweatshirt and leggings Actress proved she doesn't need make-up or fancy clothes Getting fruity! Mollie King larks around with a pair of oranges in a skimpy bikini showing off her tanned flat stomach on holiday in Jamaica 'She's evil!': Scotty T slams 'thick' Geordie Shore co-star Chloe Ferry... after she left viewers DISGUSTED with her raunchy CBB antics Beefcake in Milan! Paris Hilton cosies up to muscle-bound models at Plein Sport runway show The reality TV icon later DJed the Sesto Sento Club in Lonato Former Corrie actress Katie Redford lands a new role on Archers after being axed from soap for lying about her age Axed two years ago She's got a lot of cheek! Bikini clad Holly Hagan flaunts her perky derriere and ample assets in sizzling selfie during sun soaked trip to Thailand He doesn't do things by halves! Rocco Ritchie can't contain his laughter as he breaks his skateboard in two while out and about in London MIC's Nicola Hughes puts on a leggy display in a chic olive dress as she enjoys a night out on the town Fun for all the family! Vanessa Paradis and new boyfriend Samuel Benchetrit appear downcast as they take Lily Rose Depp for a day of shopping in Paris Some helping hands! Blac Chyna heads to the mall with TWO nannies to help look after son King Cairo and baby Dream 'You're a very handsome man, aren't you?' CBB's Chloe Ferry flirts up a storm with bemused Calum Best... and offers to flash her VAGINA to everyone Christina Milian flaunts her ample cleavage in a saucy ensemble as she parties with BFF Karrueche Tran Thigh-grazing latex mini skirt 'She is smitten': Amber Heard said to be besotted with billionaire Elon Musk... as she prepares for 'new chapter' following Johnny Depp divorce Booty and the beach! Shirtless Gaz Beadle gets VERY tactile with bikini-clad girlfriend Emma McVey as he cheekily gropes her bum during romantic Emirates break The Apprentice's Frances Bishop displays her endless curves and perky posterior in skimpy bikini during sun soaked break to Dubai  Suki Waterhouse flaunts her tanned and toned physique in a skimpy bikini as she jogs along the beach in Mexico Went for a run along the Mayan Riviera Scarlett Moffatt highlights her dramatically slimmed down frame in a plunging floral minidress after making appearance on Sunday Brunch Plaid to see you! Pregnant Natalie Portman covers her large baby bump in a stylish checked jacket as she goes for leisurely park stroll Actress Emily Watson insists middle-aged sexuality is 'ignored' as she takes on new role as a cheating mother in racy BBC thriller  X Factor winner Matt Terry gets a kiss from a male pal as he enjoys a night out... after revealing Freddy Parker is moving out of their bachelor pad Lindsay Lohan cuts a chic figure in a quirky dog print co-ord as she enjoys a night out with a male friend in Milan   She's currently holidaying in one of the world's most stylish cities It's Compl-Ex! Danielle Bux grabs lunch with former husband-turned pal Gary Lineker in LA as they continue their budding friendship... then joins new man Nate Greenwald for dinner Lily James cuts a concerned figure as she talks anxiously on the phone...after boyfriend Matt Smith is spotted 'smoking suspicious cigarette'  Scarlett Moffatt looks slimmer than ever in all black ensemble as she hits the town with mum Betty... after fans urged 'gaunt' star to stop losing weight Shock for Harry's girl: Meghan Markle's BROTHER is arrested and charged with holding a gun to a woman's head 'in row during late night drinking session at his flat' Prince William will give up his career as a helicopter pilot to become a full-time royal as Queen hands over duties Girls' shopping trip! Katie Holmes takes daughter Suri Cruise to children's clothing store in LA Spotted on Saturday enjoying a bit of weekend quality time Mariah Carey sports plunging LBD as she and toyboy Bryan Tanaka step out in London Displayed her figure in a form-fitting dress  Pretty in pink! Lindsay Lohan steps out in sexy silky ensemble in Milan The 30-year-old former wild-child was spotted looking pretty in pink as she left her hotel in Milan PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Victoria Beckham wraps up in winter white polo neck as she enjoys girly day shopping with daughter Harper Back from the Maldives Sylvester Stallone's daughters Sophia, 20, and Sistine, 18, sizzles in coordinating black ensembles alongside their mother Jennifer at star-studded Dolce & Gabbana party Hunky dory: Hollywood heartthrobs Chris Hemsworth and Matt Damon catch up over dinner in LA with Chris' wife Elsa Pataky Blac Chyna in the red? Star threatened with lawsuit for $3million in 'unpaid fees' as 'longtime managers' claim she 'cut them out' of lucrative deals Gwen Stefani's ex-husband, Daisy Lowe's father, the singer from Bush, and now the coach contestants don't really want...Gavin Rossdale joins The Voice UK, by Jim Shelley Heard what James said? Pierce Brosnan looks stern during press conference... after chatshow host Corden labels him 'rudest' celebrity Sid Owen celebrates his 45th birthday by partying in London with pals including Jade Jones and Leigh Francis  Progress report! Justin Bieber checks in on protégé Madison Beer over dinner at trendy Catch LA BBC brands its OWN show 's**t' in awkward Twitter blunder as they retweet Let It Shine criticism  Danielle Lloyd snuggles up to fiancé Michael O'Neill on night out... as she admits to being a 'crazy b***h' after online trolls began targeting her when ex Jamie O'Hara entered CBB Why I never let Claudia Winkleman look in the mirror as a child: The Strictly host's mother EVE POLLARD says it's the best thing you can do for your daughters  'The day my world became complete': Stephanie Davis posts first adorable snap of baby boy... 'after revealing she'll name  son after stranger who chatted her up' 'Love on the sand': Photoshop enthusiast Natasha Oakley puts on a loved up display with beau Gilles Souteyrand  as she continues to holiday in the Caribbean Pajama party! Chrissy Teigen and John Legend rock ridiculous chicken themed onesies in hilarious snaps Georgia May Foote cosies up to new boyfriend George Alsford in a series of sunny snaps from romantic holiday Lisa Rinna, 53, sizzles in skintight leather trousers alongside her model daughter Delilah, 18, as they dine in LA 'Starting to see the results and it feels so good!' Jennifer Ellison reveals her slimmer physique after losing more than a stone in ONE month Actress Lily Collins: 'My famous surname made me work harder' Drummer's daughter was top of screen legend Warren Beatty's casting list for latest film 'Sometimes I can't breathe': Danielle Lloyd claims she has panic attacks and is 'too frightened' to leave the house due to trolling since ex Jamie O'Hara  appeared on CBB Bottoms up! Kirsten Dunst flaunts her toned pins and perky derriere in skintight denims as she hides her jaw-dropping engagement ring in LA 'When she's had a few drinks, she's crazy': CBB's Jamie O'Hara slams ex-wife Danielle Lloyd as he claims she's 'absolutely crackers' on a night out Eagle-eyed fans point out embarrassing EastEnders gaffe... as Mick Carter celebrates his 40th birthday on the WRONG date Fierce fashion instincts! Mandy Moore rocks chic animal print gown at Elle's Women in Television honors Pink throws daughter Willow Sage celebratory 'big sister party' as she lovingly cradles newborn son Jameson Moon Victoria Beckham 'takes legal action to block Spice Girls reunion'... as Geri Horner announces she's leaving GEM to focus on her family' 'It's nice to feel you've got support!' One Direction's Louis Tomlinson praises former bandmate Zayn Malik as he wins two nominations at 2017 BRIT Awards Spellbinding! Jessica Biel shows off her shapely legs in cut-out skirt as she attends premiere party for Just Add Magic EXCLUSIVE: ITV stalwarts Phillip Schofield and Holly Willoughby can't contain their laughter as they join glamorous Lorraine Kelly in new promo Kim Kardashian's former bodyguard breaks his silence on Paris robbery and says he's 'not avoiding anything' about the heist or WHY he was sacked 'I trained her like an athlete': Khloe Kardashian's trainer spills the secrets behind the star's enviable body - including countless squats, 'sled pushing' and intense boxing Beach bum! Instagram sensation Pia Muehlenbeck flaunts pert posterior and ample assets oceanside 'I wish R.I.P. meant Return If Possible': Celine Dion unveils powerful new a cappella song in tribute to late husband Rene one year after his death 'It's an uphill struggle': Sienna Miller reveals she hasn't filmed a movie for a year claiming there 'aren't many great roles for women' Run Daniel, run! James Bond star Craig makes a dash for it through the busy streets to make it to the New York Theater in time for his performance in Othello Make-up free Kate Hudson bundles up in all black with red cap as she steps out with Kurt Russell in Beverly Hills 'When you have a rare cappuccino': Ronan Keating's pregnant wife Storm sips on coffee as she heads into her third trimester in a matter of weeks 'Thanks Uncle Snoop!' Miley Cyrus poses by a marijuana bar at weed-themed birthday party for boyfriend Liam Hemsworth Lamar Odom says the first he knew of his near fatal drugs overdose was waking up to find Khloé Kardashian at his side in hospital Sneak peak interview 'Bringin' the 80's back!' Lauren Pope flaunts her pert derriere in sizzling neon swimsuit as she enjoys Dubai holiday with new Geordie Shore beau Aaron Chalmers Pregnant Billie Faiers displays her blossoming baby bump in black bikini after jetting to Dubai for her 27th birthday celebration Brad Pitt looks relaxed as he hangs out with Sting and Chris Cornell at star-studded EB disease benefit in Malibu 'Current mood': Naomi Watts shares flashack photo of herself as a bored schoolgirl in Brides of Christ as she complains about being on set past midnight  'You're in the wrong, just shut up!' Kim Woodburn throws EPIC tantrum after Geordie Shore's Chloe Ferry 'soaks' her by jumping into the CBB hot tub Move over sisters! Kendall Jenner steals the Kardashian spotlight with racy HEADLESS bikini selfie that forces followers to check out her body Orange you glad she came! Shailene Woodley sizzles in vibrant statement coat at star-studded Elle's Women in Television bash 'I heard nothing and saw everything!' Twitter goes wild as Roxanne Pallett's actor ex strips off to reveal his rippling muscles after making it through on Let It Shine Love is in the air! Matthew McConaughey looks casually cool in a stylish camel coat as he and wife Camilla Alves jet over to New York City 'She was her enemy': Elizabeth Taylor 'disliked' Sophia Loren as she feared the siren could steal love Richard Burton away, new book claims 'I'm gutted!': Emma Willis reveals disappointment over Austin Armacost's shock eviction from CBB... as show bosses face backlash for his awkward exit GIRL ABOUT TOWN: Is Sheridan Smith pregnant? The 35-year-old actress is seen regularly rubbing her stomach while singing Selena Gomez and The Weeknd's romance didn't break the friend code with Bella Hadid... because 'they're only acquaintances' GIRL ABOUT TOWN: Harry and Meghan are set to slope off for a romantic break... but poor old William may miss his Alpine adventure with Kate  'Grooming day!': Jenna Dewan Tatum shows off flawless make-up free face during futuristic-like skin session From Hollywood to Bollywood! Ruby Rose reveals she has ambitions to cut it in Asian market Classic colors! Reese Witherspoon and Nicole Kidman shine in black and white ensembles at Elle's Women in Television celebration 'HAPPY Z DAY'! Taylor Swift celebrates Zayn Malik's birthday by teasing their Fifty Shades Darker music video Spot the rock! Kate Mara sports a large ring glinting on her left hand as it emerges that she is engaged to Fantastic Four co-star Jamie Bell Another baby on the way! Jeff Goldblum, 64, is expecting second child with wife Emilie Livingston, 33 Announcement on Instagram 'They're giving things another go': Stevi Ritchie and Chloe-Jasmine Whichello 'are back together'... four months after calling off their engagement 'My babies': Blac Chyna cuddles up to her nine-week-old daughter Dream and four-year-old son King Cairo in sweet Instagram video Getting ready for Washington DC! Caitlyn Jenner grabs a coffee as she prepares for her appearance at Donald Trump's inauguration Well-dressed in coral Seeking comfort from her sister! Bella Hadid visits Gigi in snowy New York after her ex The Weeknd is spotted kissing Selena Gomez Knowles... Run The World! Sisters Beyonce and Solange go head-to-head as they compete for Best International Female Solo Artist 2017 BRIT Award Bit awkward? Little Mix's Perrie Edwards and ex-fiance Zayn Malik will battle it out for best British single at the 2017 BRIT Awards  Nominations announced Transgender singer Anohni bags nomination for Best British Female at 2017 BRIT Awards... eleven years after she was up for Best British Male White hot! Hailey Baldwin shows off her taut tummy wearing white mesh in stunning retro swimsuit shots Sultry in series of solo posts on Instagram Sofia Richie flaunts lace bra and washboard abs in coordinated tracksuit as she attends Moschino Milan fashion show with Paris Hilton Back in a skintight minidress! Kim Kardashian is curvy in a cream number as she continues touring Dubai after $1,600 makeup masterclass She's back! Mandy Moore returns as Rapunzel in new Tangled: Before Ever After trailer Back in the gym! Ashley Graham kicks off 2017 with workout clip as she keeps her generous curves in check after a month-long holiday Nicola McLean reveals she no longer wears her wedding ring after hubby Tom Williams cheated... while Danielle Lloyd continues their feud on Twitter Let's get cracking! James Jordan and Jedward cause chaos as they break into the main house and egg the kitchen on Celebrity Big Brother 'I did advise': Brian Blessed warned George Lucas about Jar Jar Binks when filming Phantom Menace... and insists Alec Guinness did not hate Star Wars Riding high in Dubai! Kim Kardashian goes for dune buggy ride then plays with a falcon during busy UAE trip Ditches mini for a black top and maroon slacks Get the kid a psychologist': Jeremy McConnell appears bleary eyed as he parties with pals in Thailand as ex Stephanie Davis gives birth to a son 'Working on the bumper!' Vogue Williams displays her peachy posterior in skimpy bodysuit as she continues to train for The Jump 'This is begging for a pun!' Fans get smutty as Katie Price shares snap of hairless cat Dobbi perching on her behind during EIGHTH bum lift  Let one take a selfie! Prince Andrew and ex-wife Sarah Ferguson send out VERY unusual royal thank you cards to well-wishers over Christmas  GIRL ABOUT TOWN: So Royals do carry cash - and wear on-trend trainers! Stylish Duke of Kent, 81, withdraws wads of £20 notes near his Kensington Palace home  Here we go again! Pregnant Geri Horner 'quits Spice Girls reunion and leaves the group for the second time to focus on her family'  Priorities changed Brooklyn Beckham's former flame Sonia Ben Ammar looks effortlessly stylish as she walks for Dolce & Gabbana alongside Sofia Richie at Milan Men's Fashion Week EXCLUSIVE: MIC's Lucy Watson shows off toned and tanned figure skimpy pink bikini as she hits the beach in Barbados with hunky boyfriend James Dunmore 'You're right it does look like a penis!' Cheeky chap Tom Hardy laughs about his phallic signature as he signs autographs at LAX 'Things have to change': Reese Witherspoon nearly breaks down in tears as she talks importance of representing women on screen 'We're very, very close friends': Nicole Kidman looks lovely in dusty rose dress as she discusses bond with fellow actress Reese Witherspoon Picture purr-fect! Bella Thorne shows off her perfectly toned flat midriff while posing with her cat in makeup-free Snapchat photo New mum Rebekah Vardy leaves hospital alongside her father after welcoming baby boy with England striker Jamie Vardy Picture of health Mad about plaid! Melissa McCarthy, 46, shows off thinner frame in bright pantsuit as she reacts to Gilmore Girls' shocking conclusion Channing Tatum and wife Jenna Dewan coordinate in baseball hats with jeans while running errands with daughter Everly, three The BBC treated Only Fools and Horses stars as 'poor relations', claims Del Boy David Jason as he reveals why he's returned to our screens at 76 Her favorite role! Cate Blanchett gets back to mom duty during break from Broadway's The Present as she's bundled up with her kids in NYC 'He will always be in our hearts': Celine Dion pays tribute to late husband on first anniversary of his death with video full of flashback photos Dakota Fanning returns to TV for upcoming period thriller The Alienist ...15 years after her last regular series role on the small screen 'Be who you are': Paris Hilton flashes side boob in daring dress while sharing inspiring message after being spotted with mystery man in Mexico Head Start to Home Cooked Get Recipes more SHARE PICTURE Copy link to paste in your message Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Network This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Contributors Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
Home Mail Flickr Tumblr News Sports Finance Celebrity Answers Groups Mobile More Yahoo Search Search Skip to Navigation Skip to Main Content Skip to Related Content 0 Mail News Home Follow Us US World Politics Tech Science Odd News ABC News Yahoo Originals Katie Couric Matt Bai Wall St. falls before earnings and on U.S. policy uncertainty By Sinead Carew ReutersJanuary 12, 2017 Reblog Share Tweet Pin it Share Traders work on the floor of the New York Stock Exchange (NYSE) shortly after the opening bell in New York, U.S., January 9, 2017. REUTERS/Lucas JacksonMore By Sinead Carew NEW YORK (Reuters) - The three major U.S. stock indexes closed lower on Thursday as investors waited for fourth-quarter corporate earnings and details of U.S. President-elect Donald Trump's economic policy eight days ahead of his inauguration. While stocks pared losses as the session wore on, all but four of the S&P 500's 11 sectors ended lower, with financials leading the decline a day ahead of the first major earnings reports in that sector. The S&P had risen 6.4 percent since the Nov. 8 election. Trump on Wednesday dashed investor hopes for new details on his policy plans in his first news conference since the election, instead lashing out at U.S. spy agencies and media companies for what he called a "phony" Russia dossier and repeated promises to reform healthcare policies. On top of policy uncertainty, the market is missing stock buyback support in the quiet period ahead of earnings and individuals are putting more money into bonds than stocks, according to Jeffrey Kleintop, chief global investment strategist at Charles Schwab in Boston. "Companies can't buy shares, and individuals all of a sudden stopped buying since the election. That could be the reason we're seeing a little bit of a gap down today," said Kleintop, but the dip could be temporary if earnings beat expectations. Kleintop cited Investment Company Institute's data on Wednesday showing the biggest cash flows to bond funds from stock funds since the election. The Dow Jones Industrial Average <.DJI> fell 63.28 points, or 0.32 percent, to close at 19,891, the S&P 500 <.SPX> dropped 4.88 points, or 0.21 percent, to 2,270.44 and the Nasdaq Composite <.IXIC> dipped 16.16 points, or 0.29 percent, to 5,547.49. The S&P had fallen as much as 0.9 percent earlier in the session, and its financial index <.SPSY> finished off 0.74 percent, as yields on long-dated bonds fell. Brad McMillan, Chief Investment Officer for Commonwealth Financial in Waltham, Mass. said the stock market's continued proximity to its post-election peak was a positive sign. "The fact we're still bouncing along the ceiling means to me that everybody's still pretty optimistic," said McMillan. "The population is confident. They're willing to spend and they're making more money and able to spend. That's good news," he said. The S&P's healthcare sector <.SPXHC> ended up 0.07 percent after tumbling 1 percent in the previous day's session because of Trump's comments. The index was helped by a 0.9 percent increase for Merck <MRK.N> and a 2.5 percent increase for Eli Lilly <LLY.N> after a U.S. appeals court said it could block Teva Pharmaceutical Industries Ltd <TEVA.TA> from selling a generic equivalent of Eli Lilly's top-selling lung cancer drug. JPMorgan Chase <JPM.N> was one of the biggest drags on the S&P 500 the day before its earnings report was due, losing nearly 1 percent. Declining issues outnumbered advancing ones on the NYSE by a 1.55-to-1 ratio; on Nasdaq, a 1.96-to-1 ratio favored decliners. The S&P 500 posted 10 new 52-week highs and four new lows; the Nasdaq Composite recorded 60 new highs and 21 new lows. More than 6.7 billion shares changed hands on U.S. exchanges, higher than the 6.5 billion average in the last 20 sessions. (Additional reporting by Yashaswini Swamynathan in Bengaluru; Editing by Steve Orlofsky and James Dalgleish) Reblog Share Tweet Pin it Share What to Read Next Aaron Rodgers has more magic, as Packers pull out a dramatic win over Cowboys 391 messages11%72%17% 2017 Honda Accord Central Iowa Honda DealersSponsored Ringling Brothers Barnum and Bailey Circus Call It Quits After Century and a Half of Entertainment Eight men own half the world's wealth: Oxfam 291 messages5%70%25% #2 of 10 Most Popular News Galleries of 2016: 9/11: Then and now - 15 years later 861 messages5%56%39% Marijuana Millionaire #2 MONEY MORNINGSponsored Protesters Take to the Streets Across the Country Woman Abducted as a Baby Tearfully Pleads for Jailed Woman Who Raised Her 1545 messages6%57%37% Obama on Trump: ‘Don’t underestimate the guy, because he’s going to be 45th president of the United States’ 667 messages7%68%25% Why Mechanics Keep Old And Dead Batteries? (watch) EzBatteryReconditioning.comSponsored Seldom-called penalty is very costly for Cowboys in first-quarter drive 204 messages6%72%22% #8 of 10 Most Popular News Galleries of 2016: Deadly attack at Istanbul's Ataturk Airport 884 messages9%12%79% Major Winter Storm on the Move Victoria Olsteen Hit With A New Lawsuit Classyhour.comSponsored Atlanta hits back after Trump’s attack on Lewis 7128 messages5%61%34% ‘Hidden Figures’ Prevails as ‘Monster Trucks,’ Ben Affleck’s ‘Live by Night’ Bomb at Box Office 1465 messages5%69%26% Outgoing CIA chief rips into Trump on Russia threat Impeach Pelosi, Jail Waters: Lewis has allot of gall. What he is saying is the only people that voted for Trump did so because the release of emails from the DNC, meaning our votes are illegitimate. What an insulting statement made by a real first class dullard. Mr. Lewis may have been the big man on campus in 1963 but what has he done for civilization lately, other than flap his jaw and put on a ridiculous show on the house floor? He's a perfect example as to why we need term limits. This guys approach to race relations is doing the country more harm than good. His brain seems to be stuck in the 1960's when he was still relevant. Join the Conversation 1 / 5 4.4k Help Privacy Suggestions About our Ads Terms
Toggle navigation Toggle navigation Home Samachar News Finance SPORTS Movies Bawarchi Astrology Videos Gold rates DUBAI GOLD RATES RUPEE Jobs Health Antzill Techtalk Web Sify Search Sify.com Finance Equity US STOCKS-Futures fall as Trump speech disappoints US STOCKS-Futures fall as Trump speech disappoints Source : Last Updated: Thu, Jan 12, 2017 18:20 hrs Tweet Mail Print * Futures down: Dow 44 pts, S&P 6.5 pts, Nasdaq 13.75 pts By Yashaswini Swamynathan Jan 12 (Reuters) - U.S. stock index futures fell on Thursday after President-elect Donald Trump gave little clarity on his campaign-trail promises of boosting economic growth that had powered Wall Street for two months. * Trump, in his first news conference on Wednesday, gave no details on tax cuts or infrastructure spending, and instead lashed out at U.S. spy agencies and news agencies over what he called a 'phony' Russia dossier. * He also blasted pharmaceutical companies over high drug prices, causing health stocks to snap a six-day winning streak and a wobble in Wall Street. * However, a rise in energy and technology stocks helped the market close higher on Wednesday, with the Nasdaq ending at a record high for the fourth session in a row. * But, Trump's comments hit the dollar, which fell to its lowest level in nearly one month on Thursday. Prices of safe-haven gold rose to their highest since late November. * With Trump's comments at the back of their minds, investor will turn their focus to the earnings season, which will kick off in earnest on Friday when a trio of big banks report. * Merck, one of the few health stocks that avoided the carnage in the sector on Wednesday, gained 1.6 percent to $62.60 premarket after multiple broker upgrades. * Apple was off 0.65 percent at $118.97. * Tesaro slipped about 3 percent to $141 in thin trading after the FDA rejected its drug, Rolapitant IV. * In economic data, a report is expected to show weekly jobless claims rose to 255,000 last week from 235,000 a week earlier. The data is due at 8:30 a.m. ET (1330 GMT). Futures snapshot at 7:01 a.m. ET: * Dow e-minis were down 44 points, or 0.22 percent, with 18,157 contracts changing hands. * S&P 500 e-minis were down 6.5 points, or 0.29 percent, with 106,904 contracts traded. * Nasdaq 100 e-minis were down 13.75 points, or 0.27 percent, on volume of 19,565 contracts. (Reporting by Yashaswini Swamynathan in Bengaluru; Editing by Savio D'Souza) SEARCH More from Sify: gold rate silver rate   Cities   Price (10g)   Gold Rate in Chennai   Rs. 26820.00 (0%)   Gold Rate in Mumbai   Rs. 27170.00 (0.93%)   Gold Rate in Delhi   Rs. 26900.00 (0%)   Gold Rate in Kolkata   Rs. 26290.00 (0%)   Gold Rate in Kerala   Rs. 25850.00 (0%)   Gold Rate in Bangalore   Rs. 26250.00 (0.57%)   Gold Rate in Hyderabad   Rs. 26920.00 (0.37%) more   Cities   Price (1 kg)   Silver Rate in Chennai   Rs. 39345.00 (-0.01%)   Silver Rate in Mumbai   Rs. 39345.00 (-0.01%)   Silver Rate in Delhi   Rs. 39345.00 (-0.01%)   Silver Rate in Kolkata   Rs. 39345.00 (-0.01%)   Silver Rate in Kerala   Rs. 39345.00 (-0.01%) more talking point on sify finance About Us Data Center Cloud Computing Servers Cloud Applications Hosting MPLS VPN Network Services Disclaimer Privacy Policy Careers Feedback Advertise Digital © Copyright Sify Technologies Ltd, 1998-2016. All rights reserved
X Edition: United States Business Business Home Legal Deals Aerospace & Defense Finance Autos Reuters Summits ADventures Data Dive Markets Markets Home U.S. Markets European Markets Asian Markets Global Market Data Indices Stocks Bonds Currencies Commodities Futures Funds Earnings Dividends World World Home U.S. Special Reports Reuters Investigates Euro Zone Middle East China Japan Mexico Brazil Africa Russia India Politics Politics Home Election 2016 Polling Explorer Just In: Election 2016 What Voters Want Supreme Court Tech Technology Home Science Top 100 Global Innovators Environment Innovation Commentary Commentary Home Podcasts Breakingviews Breakingviews Home Breakingviews Video Money Money Home Retirement Lipper Awards Analyst Research Stock Screener Fund Screener Life Health Sports Arts Entertainment Oddly Enough Pictures Pictures Home The Wider Image Photographers Focus 360 Video US STOCKS-Futures fall as Trump speech disappoints Africa América Latina عربي Argentina Brasil Canada 中国 Deutschland España France India Italia 日本 México РОССИЯ United Kingdom United States Market News | Thu Jan 12, 2017 | 7:36am EST US STOCKS-Futures fall as Trump speech disappoints * Futures down: Dow 44 pts, S&P 6.5 pts, Nasdaq 13.75 pts By Yashaswini Swamynathan Jan 12 U.S. stock index futures fell on Thursday after President-elect Donald Trump gave little clarity on his campaign-trail promises of boosting economic growth that had powered Wall Street for two months. * Trump, in his first news conference on Wednesday, gave no details on tax cuts or infrastructure spending, and instead lashed out at U.S. spy agencies and news agencies over what he called a 'phony' Russia dossier. * He also blasted pharmaceutical companies over high drug prices, causing health stocks to snap a six-day winning streak and a wobble in Wall Street. * However, a rise in energy and technology stocks helped the market close higher on Wednesday, with the Nasdaq ending at a record high for the fourth session in a row. * But, Trump's comments hit the dollar, which fell to its lowest level in nearly one month on Thursday. Prices of safe-haven gold rose to their highest since late November. * With Trump's comments at the back of their minds, investor will turn their focus to the earnings season, which will kick off in earnest on Friday when a trio of big banks report. * Merck, one of the few health stocks that avoided the carnage in the sector on Wednesday, gained 1.6 percent to $62.60 premarket after multiple broker upgrades. * Apple was off 0.65 percent at $118.97. * Tesaro slipped about 3 percent to $141 in thin trading after the FDA rejected its drug, Rolapitant IV. * In economic data, a report is expected to show weekly jobless claims rose to 255,000 last week from 235,000 a week earlier. The data is due at 8:30 a.m. ET (1330 GMT). Futures snapshot at 7:01 a.m. ET: * Dow e-minis were down 44 points, or 0.22 percent, with 18,157 contracts changing hands. * S&P 500 e-minis were down 6.5 points, or 0.29 percent, with 106,904 contracts traded. * Nasdaq 100 e-minis were down 13.75 points, or 0.27 percent, on volume of 19,565 contracts. (Reporting by Yashaswini Swamynathan in Bengaluru; Editing by Savio D'Souza) Next In Market News BRIEF-Andersons says plans to exit retail business * To exit retail business and close its remaining four retail stores in q2 of 2017 UPDATE 1-Trump's offer to Putin: an end to sanctions for nuclear arms cut -London Times * He says Brexit will be "a great thing" (Recasts, adds quotes, details) FOREX-Sterling slides to 3-month lows on 'hard Brexit' fears * Yen benefits from risk aversion, as dollar comes under pressure MORE FROM REUTERS Sponsored Content From Around the Web Promoted by Taboola Trending Stories Photos of the week Photos of the week Sponsored Topics X Follow Reuters: Follow Us On Twitter Follow Us On Facebook Follow Us On RSS Follow Us On Instagram Follow Us On YouTube Follow Us On LinkedIn Subscribe: Feeds | Newsletters | Podcasts | Apps Reuters News Agency | Brand Attribution Guidelines Reuters is the news and media division of Thomson Reuters. Thomson Reuters is the world's largest international multimedia news agency, providing investing news, world news, business news, technology news, headline news, small business news, news alerts, personal finance, stock market, and mutual funds information available on Reuters.com, video, mobile, and interactive television platforms. Learn more about Thomson Reuters products: Eikon Information, analytics and exclusive news on financial markets - delivered in an intuitive desktop and mobile interface Elektron Everything you need to empower your workflow and enhance your enterprise data management World-Check Screen for heightened risk individual and entities globally to help uncover hidden risks in business relationships and human networks Westlaw Build the strongest argument relying on authoritative content, attorney-editor expertise, and industry defining technology ONESOURCE The most comprehensive solution to manage all your complex and ever-expanding tax and compliance needs CHECKPOINT The industry leader for online information for tax, accounting and finance professionals All quotes delayed a minimum of 15 minutes. See here for a complete list of exchanges and delays. Site Feedback Corrections Advertising Guidelines AdChoices Terms of Use Privacy Policy
  Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Wires Home My Profile Logout Login Feedback DailyMail NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad US STOCKS-Futures fall as Trump speech disappoints By Reuters Published: 07:36 EST, 12 January 2017 | Updated: 07:37 EST, 12 January 2017 e-mail By Yashaswini Swamynathan Jan 12 (Reuters) - U.S. stock index futures fell on Thursday after President-elect Donald Trump gave little clarity on his campaign-trail promises of boosting economic growth that had powered Wall Street for two months. * Trump, in his first news conference on Wednesday, gave no details on tax cuts or infrastructure spending, and instead lashed out at U.S. spy agencies and news agencies over what he called a 'phony' Russia dossier. * He also blasted pharmaceutical companies over high drug prices, causing health stocks to snap a six-day winning streak and a wobble in Wall Street. * However, a rise in energy and technology stocks helped the market close higher on Wednesday, with the Nasdaq ending at a record high for the fourth session in a row. * But, Trump's comments hit the dollar, which fell to its lowest level in nearly one month on Thursday. Prices of safe-haven gold rose to their highest since late November. * With Trump's comments at the back of their minds, investor will turn their focus to the earnings season, which will kick off in earnest on Friday when a trio of big banks report. * Merck, one of the few health stocks that avoided the carnage in the sector on Wednesday, gained 1.6 percent to $62.60 premarket after multiple broker upgrades. * Apple was off 0.65 percent at $118.97. * Tesaro slipped about 3 percent to $141 in thin trading after the FDA rejected its drug, Rolapitant IV. * In economic data, a report is expected to show weekly jobless claims rose to 255,000 last week from 235,000 a week earlier. The data is due at 8:30 a.m. ET (1330 GMT). Futures snapshot at 7:01 a.m. ET: * Dow e-minis were down 44 points, or 0.22 percent, with 18,157 contracts changing hands. * S&P 500 e-minis were down 6.5 points, or 0.29 percent, with 106,904 contracts traded. * Nasdaq 100 e-minis were down 13.75 points, or 0.27 percent, on volume of 19,565 contracts. (Reporting by Yashaswini Swamynathan in Bengaluru; Editing by Savio D'Souza) Share or comment on this article e-mail Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article. Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail     DON'T MISS 'It's a huge shock': Binky Felstead reveals she is expecting her first baby with on/off co-star Josh Patterson... but they're 'still not officially together' PICTURE EXCLUSIVE Kourtney Kardashian, 37, wears a sheer bra for late-night rendezvous with former flame Justin Bieber, 22 'I was on the verge of a breakdown' : Olly Murs' mother reveals her heartache that son Ben has disowned the family over X Factor row Katy Perry debuts dramatic blonde dye-job as she surprise Orlando Bloom with a secret 40th birthday bash in Palm Springs Scarlet siren! Myleene Klass flaunts her enviably toned figure in skimpy red bikini as she goes body-boarding during exotic family getaway in Sri Lanka 'He's so proud of her': Danniella Westbrook set to appear on Loose Women with son Kai as she continues comeback following cocaine relapse Lewis Hamilton turns heads in bright yellow hoodie while arriving at LAX... as 'Valtteri Bottas' switch from Williams to Mercedes is set to be clarified' Paris Hilton flaunts her slender waist and endless legs in gold-embroidered LBD as she attends Milan Men's Fashion Week  'Show us the chopper!': Chloe Ferry demands Jamie O'Hara flashes his manhood... as Kim Woodburn and James Cosmo blast her 'gross' behaviour 'I'm gutted with myself!': CBB's James Jordan apologises to Jamie O'Hara after 'mugging him off' by calling him a 'washed-up footballer' Blac Chyna only has eyes for Rob Kardashian as the couple pack on the PDA for a flight to NYC The pair looked besotted at JFK airport Sunday 'We didn't go out of our way to keep it secret': Katherine Kelly reveals she has given birth to a second child called Rose after keeping pregnancy under wraps Baby and me! Olivia Wilde snuggles her newborn protectively as she enjoys a brisk walk in frosty Brooklyn Daisy in tow for the Sunday stroll Elizabeth Hurley, 51, looks incredibly youthful in blue midi dress with cross-shoulder detail as she attends Milan Men's Fashion Week Have Ellen DeGeneres and wife Portia de Rossi found an Australian home? Talk show host and actress request an inspection of $5.8 million Victoria mansion  'I can't work out whether it's amazing, genius or the worst episode I've seen!': Sherlock fans go wild over 'gory' series finale  New John le Carre spy drama for TV: BBC to follow up success of The Night Manager with adaptation of The Spy Who Came In From The Cold  'I have literally nothing to hide': Fitspo star Kayla Itsines opens up about the benefits of her drink and drug-free lifestyle as she poses for stunning shoot in Vogue Australia Josie Gibson winces as she suffers a nasty fall during training for The Jump in Austria... as Eddie 'The Eagle' Edwards is 'AXED from disaster-prone show for voicing safety concerns 'I still have a hangover!' Rebecca Judd complains about her 'rough day' after partying at the Portsea Polo as she laments about returning to work  'You're a fat slob!': CBB's Kim Woodburn and James Jordan become embroiled in a furious row with the cleaner claiming 'no one can stomach him'  Married at last? Sonia Kruger, 51 sparks speculation she has wed long-term partner Craig McPherson after stepping out while sporting a ring on THAT finger Wet 'n' wild! Alessandra Ambrosio displays her flawless physique in very tiny black bikini as she enjoys a dip in the sea in Brazil PICTURE EXCLUSIVE Kristin Cavallari relaxes in a bikini as she hires a yacht to celebrate Jay Cutler's 30th With their three young children Getting pizza all over her frock, 'shooing away' a cocktail waitress and interrupting interviews: Nicole Kidman's 'bizarre behaviour' at the Golden Globes revealed One piece wonder! Kelly Bensimon, 49, flaunts her figure in sexy black one piece with hip side cutouts Proved you don't need a bikini to look sexy Tamara Ecclestone shares cute pictures of her daughter Sophia, 2, showing off her skiing skills before enjoying a pony ride in Gstaad Enjoying Switzerland Making a stellar appearance! Nicole Richie snuggles up in star-spangled unicorn onesie at pyjama party Held hands with rocker husband, Joel Madden Dressed down Kylie Jenner giggles as she enjoys a night out at a burger joint with boyfriend Tyga She's notan expensive date. A royal faux pas? The Crown's Matt Smith spotted smoking 'suspicious looking cigarette' outside a London pub while on a night out with pals  Moving Swift-ly on? Giggling Tom Hiddleston is spotted bidding farewell to a mystery brunette during evening stroll back in London 'Mariah's filled with regret over James': Carey has 'reached out' to ex-fiance Packer to help her brand recover after New Year's Eve lip-syncing saga Church time! Gwen Stefani is a model mum in plaid as she attends worship services with her three sons Headed to church in Los Angeles on Sunday 'She's finally happy again': Cassandra Thorburn is willing to forgive ex-husband Karl Stefanovic and move on following their high profile split Hidden Figures counts up $20.5 million as it holds on to top spot at the box office for a second weekend About mathematicians who helped NASA put John Glenn into space  The reality of Instagram! Pia Muehlenbeck's hilarious before and after shots reveal what REALLY happens when models try to take the perfect beach shot 'Pajama jammy jam!' Kourtney Kardashian cuddles up to Kim's bestie Chrissy Teigen at Cash Warren's star-studded PJ party 'I will be ok!' Priyanka Chopra updates fans after dangerous fall on Quantico set left her with concussion Left hospitalised after a nasty fall  'I left the hospital looking 5 months pregnant': Peta Murgatroyd says 'real life' means female bodies don't just shrink back into shape Former TOWIE star Abi Clarke flaunts her eye-popping assets as she goes braless in extreme plunging playsuit and thigh-highs on night out She's got a lot of cheek! Bikini clad Holly Hagan flaunts her perky derriere in sizzling belfies during romantic breakaway to Thailand 'She's like my wife!' Amanda Peet describes relationship with BFF Sarah Paulson as 'intense and visceral' after THAT Golden Globes red carpet kiss 'I don't want to be at the centre of attention': Amanda Seyfried opens up about her upcoming wedding to Thomas Sadoski as she stuns in Prada on the cover of Vogue Australia Shedding for the wedding? Bonnie Sveen reveals her dramatic slim-down amid rumours her boyfriend Nathan Gooley is ready to pop the question Ariana Grande showcases her slender pins in sexy Instagram to promote her Dangerous Woman Tour Sultry shot of herself donning a black unitard 'Fastest retirement in history': Steven Jacobs returns to Today's weather segment less than two months after departing to live in Vanuatu 'Back in action': Yolanda Hadid shares behind the scenes shot as she joins daughter Gigi on Tommy Hilfiger shoot 'Causing trouble with him': Louise Thompson flaunts her toned body in yet ANOTHER workout video with beau Ryan Libbey... as she claims she's gained weight on holiday 'If I don't get a husband after this...': Jessica Wright embodies Christina Aguilera in raunchy leather chaps on new show Dance Dance Dance Is the sun setting on Sam and Kochie? Sunrise co-host David Koch 'wants Armytage replaced with Edwina Bartholomew' as ratings battle with Today Show's Karl and Lisa heats up Always camera ready! Jennifer Lopez turns shopping trip into a modelling shoot as she poses against a wall   Jennifer Lopez doesn't do casual. 'A bit of graft and willpower': Vicky Pattison shows off her incredibly toned figure in a sexy orange bikini at health retreat in Portugal after vowing to lose 10lbs 2DayFM 'under fire' after it's revealed new 'Sydney' breakfast show will be broadcast from Melbourne after Sam Frost and Rove McManus get dumped Amanda Seyfried shows off her bump in a grey sweater on outing with fiancé Thomas Sadoski Confirmed her first pregnancy in November 'No greater blessing than family!' Ciara's boy supports stepdad Russell Wilson's team... while his birth father Future backs the other side She's back! Kim Kardashian is her old self again as she sits astride a buggy and poses with a falcon on Dubai modelling shoot 'They're speaking all the time': Blake Garvey has been a 'shoulder to cry on' for Sam Frost following Bachelorette's split from Sasha Mielczarek Bikini-clad Billie Lourd holds hands with Taylor Lautner on sunshine break after the death of mother Carrie Fisher Mourning her mother and grandmother They played in Chelsea! Frankie Bridge celebrates her 27th birthday with retired footballer husband Wayne  Tina Fey pays tribute to Carrie Fisher as she appears in hologram form on Saturday Night Live Admitted she was 'nervous' about the gig Three generations of Beckham! David returns to Old Trafford with son Cruz and dad Ted as the trio watch Manchester United take on Liverpool 'Of course it's f*****g good to challenge your audience!' Sherlock creator Mark Gatiss slams fans who find the show confusing... and tells them to 'go read a children's book' 'Pound Shop today Harrods tomorrow!' Katie Price wraps up in a cosy designer ensemble during cut-price weekend shopping trip Looking bootyful! Kim Kardashian shows off her shapely rear in a form fitting white dress She's officially back at work, with a whirlwind tour of Dubai. 'Spray tan lyfe!' Ashley Graham strips down to her bikini as she flaunts her freshly tanned figure The plus-size stunner is a positive body image activist Prince George 'WON'T attend the same school as his father as Kate and William opt for smaller, more discreet pre-prep closer to Kensington Palace'  So good it's criminal! Busty Lauren Goodger flaunts her hourglass curves in saucy selfie... after supporting violent rap song penned by jailbird boyfriend's brother Before she shot to fame: Nicola McLean totes rifle as teen army cadet in newly-unveiled snaps... as pal Maria Fowler insists Tom Williams won't leave her over CBB flirting It's Kueen Kim! Kardashian is treated to a dance display as she gets the royal welcome in Dubai Now she knows how Kate Middleton feels EXCLUSIVE! Jessica Cunningham 'pretended she was sick' in order to ditch an online chat show deal at the last minute to enter the Big Brother house PJ-clad Jessica Alba plays beer pong at husband Cash Warren's birthday bash Also included a clip of designer Rachel Zoe engaging in the  sport Louise Thompson shows off her toned and tanned body in ANOTHER sun-soaked bikini snap on  break with boyfriend Ryan Libbey 'You just don't feel sexy!' The Hills star Audrina Patridge dishes on her love life after birth of baby daughter Kirra Thrill seeker! Ariel Winter squeals with delight as she takes her niece to Disneyland on her sixth birthday She was treating her to a day out Very cheeky! Chloe Madeley flashes her round posterior in racy grey swimsuit as she shares saucy belfie Flaunted her toned physique  Bare-faced beauty! Chloe Moretz keeps it casual in ripped sweatshirt and leggings Actress proved she doesn't need make-up or fancy clothes Getting fruity! Mollie King larks around with a pair of oranges in a skimpy bikini showing off her tanned flat stomach on holiday in Jamaica 'She's evil!': Scotty T slams 'thick' Geordie Shore co-star Chloe Ferry... after she left viewers DISGUSTED with her raunchy CBB antics Beefcake in Milan! Paris Hilton cosies up to muscle-bound models at Plein Sport runway show The reality TV icon later DJed the Sesto Sento Club in Lonato Former Corrie actress Katie Redford lands a new role on Archers after being axed from soap for lying about her age Axed two years ago She's got a lot of cheek! Bikini clad Holly Hagan flaunts her perky derriere and ample assets in sizzling selfie during sun soaked trip to Thailand He doesn't do things by halves! Rocco Ritchie can't contain his laughter as he breaks his skateboard in two while out and about in London MIC's Nicola Hughes puts on a leggy display in a chic olive dress as she enjoys a night out on the town Fun for all the family! Vanessa Paradis and new boyfriend Samuel Benchetrit appear downcast as they take Lily Rose Depp for a day of shopping in Paris Some helping hands! Blac Chyna heads to the mall with TWO nannies to help look after son King Cairo and baby Dream 'You're a very handsome man, aren't you?' CBB's Chloe Ferry flirts up a storm with bemused Calum Best... and offers to flash her VAGINA to everyone Christina Milian flaunts her ample cleavage in a saucy ensemble as she parties with BFF Karrueche Tran Thigh-grazing latex mini skirt 'She is smitten': Amber Heard said to be besotted with billionaire Elon Musk... as she prepares for 'new chapter' following Johnny Depp divorce Booty and the beach! Shirtless Gaz Beadle gets VERY tactile with bikini-clad girlfriend Emma McVey as he cheekily gropes her bum during romantic Emirates break The Apprentice's Frances Bishop displays her endless curves and perky posterior in skimpy bikini during sun soaked break to Dubai  Suki Waterhouse flaunts her tanned and toned physique in a skimpy bikini as she jogs along the beach in Mexico Went for a run along the Mayan Riviera Scarlett Moffatt highlights her dramatically slimmed down frame in a plunging floral minidress after making appearance on Sunday Brunch Plaid to see you! Pregnant Natalie Portman covers her large baby bump in a stylish checked jacket as she goes for leisurely park stroll Actress Emily Watson insists middle-aged sexuality is 'ignored' as she takes on new role as a cheating mother in racy BBC thriller  X Factor winner Matt Terry gets a kiss from a male pal as he enjoys a night out... after revealing Freddy Parker is moving out of their bachelor pad Lindsay Lohan cuts a chic figure in a quirky dog print co-ord as she enjoys a night out with a male friend in Milan   She's currently holidaying in one of the world's most stylish cities It's Compl-Ex! Danielle Bux grabs lunch with former husband-turned pal Gary Lineker in LA as they continue their budding friendship... then joins new man Nate Greenwald for dinner Lily James cuts a concerned figure as she talks anxiously on the phone...after boyfriend Matt Smith is spotted 'smoking suspicious cigarette'  Scarlett Moffatt looks slimmer than ever in all black ensemble as she hits the town with mum Betty... after fans urged 'gaunt' star to stop losing weight Shock for Harry's girl: Meghan Markle's BROTHER is arrested and charged with holding a gun to a woman's head 'in row during late night drinking session at his flat' Prince William will give up his career as a helicopter pilot to become a full-time royal as Queen hands over duties Girls' shopping trip! Katie Holmes takes daughter Suri Cruise to children's clothing store in LA Spotted on Saturday enjoying a bit of weekend quality time Mariah Carey sports plunging LBD as she and toyboy Bryan Tanaka step out in London Displayed her figure in a form-fitting dress  Pretty in pink! Lindsay Lohan steps out in sexy silky ensemble in Milan The 30-year-old former wild-child was spotted looking pretty in pink as she left her hotel in Milan PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Victoria Beckham wraps up in winter white polo neck as she enjoys girly day shopping with daughter Harper Back from the Maldives Sylvester Stallone's daughters Sophia, 20, and Sistine, 18, sizzles in coordinating black ensembles alongside their mother Jennifer at star-studded Dolce & Gabbana party Hunky dory: Hollywood heartthrobs Chris Hemsworth and Matt Damon catch up over dinner in LA with Chris' wife Elsa Pataky Blac Chyna in the red? Star threatened with lawsuit for $3million in 'unpaid fees' as 'longtime managers' claim she 'cut them out' of lucrative deals Gwen Stefani's ex-husband, Daisy Lowe's father, the singer from Bush, and now the coach contestants don't really want...Gavin Rossdale joins The Voice UK, by Jim Shelley Heard what James said? Pierce Brosnan looks stern during press conference... after chatshow host Corden labels him 'rudest' celebrity Sid Owen celebrates his 45th birthday by partying in London with pals including Jade Jones and Leigh Francis  Progress report! Justin Bieber checks in on protégé Madison Beer over dinner at trendy Catch LA BBC brands its OWN show 's**t' in awkward Twitter blunder as they retweet Let It Shine criticism  Danielle Lloyd snuggles up to fiancé Michael O'Neill on night out... as she admits to being a 'crazy b***h' after online trolls began targeting her when ex Jamie O'Hara entered CBB Why I never let Claudia Winkleman look in the mirror as a child: The Strictly host's mother EVE POLLARD says it's the best thing you can do for your daughters  'The day my world became complete': Stephanie Davis posts first adorable snap of baby boy... 'after revealing she'll name  son after stranger who chatted her up' 'Love on the sand': Photoshop enthusiast Natasha Oakley puts on a loved up display with beau Gilles Souteyrand  as she continues to holiday in the Caribbean Pajama party! Chrissy Teigen and John Legend rock ridiculous chicken themed onesies in hilarious snaps Georgia May Foote cosies up to new boyfriend George Alsford in a series of sunny snaps from romantic holiday Lisa Rinna, 53, sizzles in skintight leather trousers alongside her model daughter Delilah, 18, as they dine in LA 'Starting to see the results and it feels so good!' Jennifer Ellison reveals her slimmer physique after losing more than a stone in ONE month Actress Lily Collins: 'My famous surname made me work harder' Drummer's daughter was top of screen legend Warren Beatty's casting list for latest film 'Sometimes I can't breathe': Danielle Lloyd claims she has panic attacks and is 'too frightened' to leave the house due to trolling since ex Jamie O'Hara  appeared on CBB Bottoms up! Kirsten Dunst flaunts her toned pins and perky derriere in skintight denims as she hides her jaw-dropping engagement ring in LA 'When she's had a few drinks, she's crazy': CBB's Jamie O'Hara slams ex-wife Danielle Lloyd as he claims she's 'absolutely crackers' on a night out Eagle-eyed fans point out embarrassing EastEnders gaffe... as Mick Carter celebrates his 40th birthday on the WRONG date Fierce fashion instincts! Mandy Moore rocks chic animal print gown at Elle's Women in Television honors Pink throws daughter Willow Sage celebratory 'big sister party' as she lovingly cradles newborn son Jameson Moon Victoria Beckham 'takes legal action to block Spice Girls reunion'... as Geri Horner announces she's leaving GEM to focus on her family' 'It's nice to feel you've got support!' One Direction's Louis Tomlinson praises former bandmate Zayn Malik as he wins two nominations at 2017 BRIT Awards Spellbinding! Jessica Biel shows off her shapely legs in cut-out skirt as she attends premiere party for Just Add Magic EXCLUSIVE: ITV stalwarts Phillip Schofield and Holly Willoughby can't contain their laughter as they join glamorous Lorraine Kelly in new promo Kim Kardashian's former bodyguard breaks his silence on Paris robbery and says he's 'not avoiding anything' about the heist or WHY he was sacked 'I trained her like an athlete': Khloe Kardashian's trainer spills the secrets behind the star's enviable body - including countless squats, 'sled pushing' and intense boxing Beach bum! Instagram sensation Pia Muehlenbeck flaunts pert posterior and ample assets oceanside 'I wish R.I.P. meant Return If Possible': Celine Dion unveils powerful new a cappella song in tribute to late husband Rene one year after his death 'It's an uphill struggle': Sienna Miller reveals she hasn't filmed a movie for a year claiming there 'aren't many great roles for women' Run Daniel, run! James Bond star Craig makes a dash for it through the busy streets to make it to the New York Theater in time for his performance in Othello Make-up free Kate Hudson bundles up in all black with red cap as she steps out with Kurt Russell in Beverly Hills 'When you have a rare cappuccino': Ronan Keating's pregnant wife Storm sips on coffee as she heads into her third trimester in a matter of weeks 'Thanks Uncle Snoop!' Miley Cyrus poses by a marijuana bar at weed-themed birthday party for boyfriend Liam Hemsworth Lamar Odom says the first he knew of his near fatal drugs overdose was waking up to find Khloé Kardashian at his side in hospital Sneak peak interview 'Bringin' the 80's back!' Lauren Pope flaunts her pert derriere in sizzling neon swimsuit as she enjoys Dubai holiday with new Geordie Shore beau Aaron Chalmers Pregnant Billie Faiers displays her blossoming baby bump in black bikini after jetting to Dubai for her 27th birthday celebration Brad Pitt looks relaxed as he hangs out with Sting and Chris Cornell at star-studded EB disease benefit in Malibu 'Current mood': Naomi Watts shares flashack photo of herself as a bored schoolgirl in Brides of Christ as she complains about being on set past midnight  'You're in the wrong, just shut up!' Kim Woodburn throws EPIC tantrum after Geordie Shore's Chloe Ferry 'soaks' her by jumping into the CBB hot tub Move over sisters! Kendall Jenner steals the Kardashian spotlight with racy HEADLESS bikini selfie that forces followers to check out her body Orange you glad she came! Shailene Woodley sizzles in vibrant statement coat at star-studded Elle's Women in Television bash 'I heard nothing and saw everything!' Twitter goes wild as Roxanne Pallett's actor ex strips off to reveal his rippling muscles after making it through on Let It Shine Love is in the air! Matthew McConaughey looks casually cool in a stylish camel coat as he and wife Camilla Alves jet over to New York City 'She was her enemy': Elizabeth Taylor 'disliked' Sophia Loren as she feared the siren could steal love Richard Burton away, new book claims 'I'm gutted!': Emma Willis reveals disappointment over Austin Armacost's shock eviction from CBB... as show bosses face backlash for his awkward exit GIRL ABOUT TOWN: Is Sheridan Smith pregnant? The 35-year-old actress is seen regularly rubbing her stomach while singing Selena Gomez and The Weeknd's romance didn't break the friend code with Bella Hadid... because 'they're only acquaintances' GIRL ABOUT TOWN: Harry and Meghan are set to slope off for a romantic break... but poor old William may miss his Alpine adventure with Kate  'Grooming day!': Jenna Dewan Tatum shows off flawless make-up free face during futuristic-like skin session From Hollywood to Bollywood! Ruby Rose reveals she has ambitions to cut it in Asian market Classic colors! Reese Witherspoon and Nicole Kidman shine in black and white ensembles at Elle's Women in Television celebration 'HAPPY Z DAY'! Taylor Swift celebrates Zayn Malik's birthday by teasing their Fifty Shades Darker music video Spot the rock! Kate Mara sports a large ring glinting on her left hand as it emerges that she is engaged to Fantastic Four co-star Jamie Bell Another baby on the way! Jeff Goldblum, 64, is expecting second child with wife Emilie Livingston, 33 Announcement on Instagram 'They're giving things another go': Stevi Ritchie and Chloe-Jasmine Whichello 'are back together'... four months after calling off their engagement 'My babies': Blac Chyna cuddles up to her nine-week-old daughter Dream and four-year-old son King Cairo in sweet Instagram video Getting ready for Washington DC! Caitlyn Jenner grabs a coffee as she prepares for her appearance at Donald Trump's inauguration Well-dressed in coral Seeking comfort from her sister! Bella Hadid visits Gigi in snowy New York after her ex The Weeknd is spotted kissing Selena Gomez Knowles... Run The World! Sisters Beyonce and Solange go head-to-head as they compete for Best International Female Solo Artist 2017 BRIT Award Bit awkward? Little Mix's Perrie Edwards and ex-fiance Zayn Malik will battle it out for best British single at the 2017 BRIT Awards  Nominations announced Transgender singer Anohni bags nomination for Best British Female at 2017 BRIT Awards... eleven years after she was up for Best British Male White hot! Hailey Baldwin shows off her taut tummy wearing white mesh in stunning retro swimsuit shots Sultry in series of solo posts on Instagram Sofia Richie flaunts lace bra and washboard abs in coordinated tracksuit as she attends Moschino Milan fashion show with Paris Hilton Back in a skintight minidress! Kim Kardashian is curvy in a cream number as she continues touring Dubai after $1,600 makeup masterclass She's back! Mandy Moore returns as Rapunzel in new Tangled: Before Ever After trailer Back in the gym! Ashley Graham kicks off 2017 with workout clip as she keeps her generous curves in check after a month-long holiday Nicola McLean reveals she no longer wears her wedding ring after hubby Tom Williams cheated... while Danielle Lloyd continues their feud on Twitter Let's get cracking! James Jordan and Jedward cause chaos as they break into the main house and egg the kitchen on Celebrity Big Brother 'I did advise': Brian Blessed warned George Lucas about Jar Jar Binks when filming Phantom Menace... and insists Alec Guinness did not hate Star Wars Riding high in Dubai! Kim Kardashian goes for dune buggy ride then plays with a falcon during busy UAE trip Ditches mini for a black top and maroon slacks Get the kid a psychologist': Jeremy McConnell appears bleary eyed as he parties with pals in Thailand as ex Stephanie Davis gives birth to a son 'Working on the bumper!' Vogue Williams displays her peachy posterior in skimpy bodysuit as she continues to train for The Jump 'This is begging for a pun!' Fans get smutty as Katie Price shares snap of hairless cat Dobbi perching on her behind during EIGHTH bum lift  Let one take a selfie! Prince Andrew and ex-wife Sarah Ferguson send out VERY unusual royal thank you cards to well-wishers over Christmas  GIRL ABOUT TOWN: So Royals do carry cash - and wear on-trend trainers! Stylish Duke of Kent, 81, withdraws wads of £20 notes near his Kensington Palace home  Here we go again! Pregnant Geri Horner 'quits Spice Girls reunion and leaves the group for the second time to focus on her family'  Priorities changed Brooklyn Beckham's former flame Sonia Ben Ammar looks effortlessly stylish as she walks for Dolce & Gabbana alongside Sofia Richie at Milan Men's Fashion Week EXCLUSIVE: MIC's Lucy Watson shows off toned and tanned figure skimpy pink bikini as she hits the beach in Barbados with hunky boyfriend James Dunmore 'You're right it does look like a penis!' Cheeky chap Tom Hardy laughs about his phallic signature as he signs autographs at LAX 'Things have to change': Reese Witherspoon nearly breaks down in tears as she talks importance of representing women on screen 'We're very, very close friends': Nicole Kidman looks lovely in dusty rose dress as she discusses bond with fellow actress Reese Witherspoon Picture purr-fect! Bella Thorne shows off her perfectly toned flat midriff while posing with her cat in makeup-free Snapchat photo New mum Rebekah Vardy leaves hospital alongside her father after welcoming baby boy with England striker Jamie Vardy Picture of health Mad about plaid! Melissa McCarthy, 46, shows off thinner frame in bright pantsuit as she reacts to Gilmore Girls' shocking conclusion Channing Tatum and wife Jenna Dewan coordinate in baseball hats with jeans while running errands with daughter Everly, three The BBC treated Only Fools and Horses stars as 'poor relations', claims Del Boy David Jason as he reveals why he's returned to our screens at 76 Her favorite role! Cate Blanchett gets back to mom duty during break from Broadway's The Present as she's bundled up with her kids in NYC 'He will always be in our hearts': Celine Dion pays tribute to late husband on first anniversary of his death with video full of flashback photos Dakota Fanning returns to TV for upcoming period thriller The Alienist ...15 years after her last regular series role on the small screen 'Be who you are': Paris Hilton flashes side boob in daring dress while sharing inspiring message after being spotted with mystery man in Mexico Head Start to Home Cooked Get Recipes more SHARE PICTURE Copy link to paste in your message Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Network This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Contributors Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
News London Crime London Mayor Politics Transport Business Comment Londoner's Diary Football Arsenal Chelsea Crystal Palace Tottenham Watford West Ham Other sport Going Out Restaurants Pubs & Bars Arts Theatre Film Music Great Days Out Events & Attractions Lifestyle Fashion ES Best Food & Drink Beauty Health & Fitness Travel Design ES Magazine Showbiz Staying In Strictly Come Dancing The X Factor Homes & Property Property News Area Guides Home & Garden Luxury Charity appeal Sign in Register Benefits User policies News Christmas appeal London Crime Politics Transport Education Health Technology Mayor of London Comment Londoner's Diary Football Arsenal Chelsea Tottenham Hotspur Crystal Palace Watford West Ham Transfer News Premier League Championship Sport Rugby Union Tennis Cricket Showbiz Strictly Come Dancing The X Factor One Direction Taylor Swift Kim Kardashian Top Gear Going Out Theatre Awards Restaurants Bars, Pubs & Clubs Arts Theatre Film Music Comedy Events & Attractions Great Days Out Tickets Staying In TV and film Tech and Gaming Music Streaming Books Puzzles & Games Crosswords Competitions Lifestyle Fashion Food & Drink Beauty Health & Fitness Travel Design ES Magazine Dating Motors Shopping ES Best ES Shop Travel Offers Business & Money Money Transfers Business Directory Health insurance Homes & Property Property news Area guides Home & garden Luxury Follow us: We use cookies to enhance your visit to our site and to bring you advertisements that might interest you. Read our Privacy and Cookie Policies to find out more. Business Secrets of my success: Bayer's Najoh Tita-Reid Najoh Tita-Reid Thursday 12 January 2017 12:20 BST Click to follow The Evening Standard Tita-Reid said her biggest break was avoiding being married off at a young age What do you do? I’m the general manager for Bayer consumer healthcare in the UK and Ireland. My division includes brands ranging from Berocca and Rennie to the women’s intimate health range Canesten. Positives? I like that our products are genuinely helping people feel better, faster. We’re also helping save the NHS millions by providing products, advice and self-diagnosis tools for people that allow them to care for themselves and save them from visiting a GP until they need their expertise. I like that my job allows me to build brands and customer relationships, be that through retailers, pharmacists, GPs, nurses or specialists.  Negatives? As a leader, you’re always outnumbered. The calls on your time from internal demands like email can take over your life if you don’t manage it properly. Biggest break? My biggest break was that, when I was 11, my grandmother tried to marry me off in our village in Cameroon to a very respectable family. I explained that I did not want to get married at 11 because I wanted to graduate from university and run a company one day. She looked at me in the middle of the bush and stared intensely after working hard to arrange such a marriage, and simply said: “Then surround yourself with the best, learn from the best, strive to be the best, and lift as you climb.”  I knew as we walked back to our village that evening, looking at other young women with families, that I had my first big break in life.   Wow! And professionally? It was in my final year at secondary school in America. I knew I wanted to be a general manager of a business and asked one of the professors how to do it. He said I needed an internship at Procter & Gamble because they’d trained more CEOs than any other company. I said: “how do I get one of those?” and he said I wouldn’t: I was only 16 and they only hire MBAs.  Nothing spurs me more than being told I can’t do something, so I asked every adult I met for a year if they could help, and eventually one said P&G were opening up their intern programme to a few non-MBA students. I applied and got a P&G internship at 17 and had exceptional mentors. I worked hard to get an invitation back every summer through college, and the experience was so positive I stayed for 18 years. I took my African grandmother’s advice and learned from the best. Biggest setback, and what did it teach you? I got a job as Merck’s general manager for Western Europe consumer care and moved my husband and two young kids over here. But just a few months later the business was sold to Bayer. It felt like being the child of a single parent who suddenly tells you they’re getting married and the wedding’s tomorrow. It was, like: “Who is he? Do I still get to live in the house? Do I get to keep my bedroom?” Eventually, after being interviewed many, many times, I secured my dream job, which I have now. After sleepless nights of the unknown for myself and my family, it turned out great. I tell young people all the time: get experience because one day when things get shaken up, and they will, your experience is all you can rely on. How is your work-life balance? You have got to accept that there is no balance. I am a mother, a wife, a daughter, a sister, and I work eight to 12 hours a day. I only have a few hours to be with my family and perform all those other roles too. So I found that striving for harmony, not balance, helped me stop feeling guilty. I focus on trying to make sure everything is working well, and if not, I pause and work it out. We have childcare and I have taken the lessons from my upbringing and created a supportive “village” around us of fellow parents and friends to help out with things. It really does take a village to raise a family. What’s helped you most in your career? So many things! I was born and raised in the US but my dad is African, and every summer when I was growing up, we’d go to my family’s village. It has its own king and a tribe. You had to walk to get water and carry it back on your head. You’d bathe out of a bucket, make your own toys. Growing up with that, you will rarely hear me complain or think something is impossible: there is always someone who has it worse and I believe anything is possible! More about: Business entrepreneur Work Life career Reuse content Comments Most Popular Video Sponsored Features Follow us: All Topics All Authors Archive Terms of use Contact Us Privacy policy Cookie policy Code of Conduct & Complaints Advertisers Promotion rules Contributors Syndication Business Connections Homes & Property Jobs London Live The Independent This is London Magazine indy100 Install our apps Close We have noticed that you are using an ad blocker. Free access to Standard.co.uk’s comprehensive package of news, sport and entertainment relies on advertising revenue. This allows us to invest in the best writers, pictures and videos. To continue viewing the site please disable your ad blocker for Standard.co.uk. Need help to do this? Thank you for your support. How to disable your ad blocker for standard.co.uk Adblock / Adblock Plus Click the Adblock/Adblock Plus icon, which is to the right of your address bar. On Adblock click "Don't run on pages on this domain". On Adblock Plus click "Enabled on this site" to disable ad blocking for the current website you are on. If you are in Firefox click "disable on standard.co.uk". Firefox Tracking Protection If you are Private Browsing in Firefox, "Tracking Protection" may cause the adblock notice to show. It can be temporarily disabled by clicking the "shield" icon in the address bar. Ghostery Click the Ghostery icon. In versions before 6.0 click "whitelist site". In version 6.0 click "trust site" or add standard.co.uk to your Trusted Site list. In versions before 6.0 you will see the message "Site is whitelisted". Click "reload the page to see your changes". uBlock Click the uBlock icon. Then click the big power button to whitelist the current web site, and its state will be remembered next time you visit the web site. Then reload the page. Close Thank you for supporting standard.co.uk Continue to our site
Home   Equities UK Global Europe US Asia Emerging markets Specialist Bonds   Multi-asset Managed funds Property Commodities Alternatives Absolute Return   Markets UK Global Economics Currencies   Funds Unit trusts/OEICs Investment Trusts VCTs/EIS Platforms ETFs Pensions Regulation People moves Events Financial library Industry blogs Newsletters Sign in Events Upcoming events Absolute Return Breakfast Briefing 2017 The Investment Week Absolute Return Breakfast Briefing will provide you with key insights from leading industry experts. Date: 31 Jan 2017 South Place Hotel 3 South Place London EC2M 2AF, London Asia Breakfast Briefing 2017 The Investment Week Asia Breakfast Briefing will provide you with key insights from leading industry experts. Date: 07 Feb 2017 Furniture Makers' Hall, 12 Austin Friars, London, EC2N 2HE, London Professional Adviser Awards 2017 The must attend event of the financial services awards calendar, the Professional Adviser Awards celebrate the very best of the financial advice industry. Date: 09 Feb 2017 The Brewery, London Edinburgh Breakfast Briefing 2017 The Investment Week Edinburgh Breakfast Briefing will provide you with key insights from leading industry experts. Date: 21 Feb 2017 Waldorf Astoria Edinburgh - The Caledonian Princes Street, Edinburgh EH1 2AB Scotland, Edinburgh View all events Follow our events Sign up to receive email alerts about our eventsSign up Whitepapers Latest Whitepapers Iain Richards: Technology is bringing responsible investment into the mainstream Intelligent use of technology is paving the way for mainstream application of Environmental, Social and Governance (or ESG) principles in asset management.  Download Three degrees of resilience James Clunie talks about how resilience is not just one dimension but should be apparent in the investment process, the emotional temperament of the fund manager and communication between manager and client. Download Find whitepapers Search by title or subject area View all whitepapers Sign in You are currently accessing Investment Week via your Enterprise account. If you already have an account please use the link below to sign in. If you have any problems with your access or would like to request an individual access account please contact our customer service team. Phone: +44 (0) 1858 438800 Email: [email protected] Sign in   Newsletters Apps Account details Contact support Sign out   Follow us RSS Twitter LinkedIn Newsletters Apps Register Industry blogs Investment Week Home Equities Bonds Multi-asset Markets Funds Regulation People moves You are currently accessing Investment Week via your Enterprise account. If you already have an account please use the link below to sign in. If you have any problems with your access or would like to request an individual access account please contact our customer service team. Phone: +44 (0) 1858 438800 Email: [email protected] Sign in   Newsletters Apps Account details Contact support Sign out   US Pharma stocks plunge after Trump's attack on drug pricing Pharmaceuticals are 'getting away with murder' Laura Dew @LauraDewIW 12 January 2017 Tweet   Facebook   LinkedIn   Google plus   Send to   0 Comments Shares in pharmaceutical and biotech companies fell last night after US President-Elect Donald Trump revealed plans to force the industry to bid on government business during his first press conference since the election. Speaking yesterday, Trump accused pharmaceutical companies of "getting away with murder" over the high costs of drugs in the US and their use of overseas locations for drug production, according to Bloomberg. The President-Elect said: "We have got to get our drug industry back. Our drug industry has been disastrous. They are leaving left and right. They supply our drugs but they do not make them here, to a large extent.  Related articles Woodford abandons 'house of cards' US pharma stock What next for biotech sector under a Trump presidency? Woodford: Carney will never raise interest rates Why investors need not be concerned by Hillary's plans to clamp down on drug pricing Three Pioneer managers: Our take on Trump/Clinton impact on equities/bonds/dollar/EMs "And the other thing we have to do is create new bidding procedures for the drug industry because they are getting away with murder." How could a new president impact the US's complex healthcare system? The largest pharmaceutical companies were hit following his speech, with Bristol-Myers Squibb seeing its share price fall 5.3%, while AbbVie was down 3.6%, Merck's share price fell 2.8% and Gilead was trading 1.2% lower. Overall, the Nasdaq Biotechnology index was down 3%. The fall-out has also spread to Europe with shares in Shire down 3.7%, Roche trading 2% lower and Novartis falling 1.8% this morning. Following Trump's election in November, pharma stocks initially rose as the President-Elect was perceived to be less concerned with drug pricing than rival Hillary Clinton.  Democrat Clinton had been particularly vocal on high prescription drug prices and her plans to crack down on healthcare companies. However, Trump's latest speech signals a u-turn, as he looks to control drug prices and repeal elements of Obamacare. At the conference yesterday, he said: "We are going to get a health bill passed, we are going to get healthcare taken care of in this country. "The plan will be to repeal and replace Obamacare. We are going to have healthcare that is far less expensive and far better." Ketan Patel, manager of the EdenTree UK Equity Growth, said: "The pharmaceutical sector will have to endure more painful days ahead following the strong rhetoric from President-elect Trump.  "The repeal of Obamacare is very much at the forefront of Trump's agenda to push back on drug prices, but he has offered very little in terms of an alternative framework to ensure the most economically vulnerable parts of the electorate will have access to a healthcare system that is already the most expensive in the world." Tweet   Facebook   LinkedIn   Google plus   Send to   Topics US pharmaceuticals Donald Trump US About the author Laura Dew @LauraDewIW Laura Dew is deputy news editor at Investment Week. She joined IW in September 2013 from Financial Planner, the official magazine for the Institute of Financial Planning (IFP). She regularly writes about areas such as emerging and frontier markets, property, financial regulation and UK equities. Laura is also responsible for the wealth management and platform beats.     Read more on Laura More on US Soros loses $1bn on bearish bets against Trump Took bearish positions post-election Markets 13 January 2017 AllianzGI's Riddell: The US dollar is now a 'risk on' currency US dollar stands to suffer in next market wobble US 12 January 2017 Where are the opportunities in US small caps? Helped by strengthening US dollar US 11 January 2017 What will be President Obama's economic legacy? Farewell speech today US 10 January 2017 More news AXA IM unveils global Robotech fund Unconstrained multi-cap approach Funds 13 January 2017 Skandia founder Bradshaw passes away Was chairman of Nucleus and River & Mercantile Fund management 13 January 2017 Nutmeg to cut fees and launch low cost products As competition intensifies Companies 13 January 2017 Soros loses $1bn on bearish bets against Trump Took bearish positions post-election Markets 13 January 2017 Financial Stability Board unveils raft of proposals to tackle fund liquidity concerns Publishes 14 recommendations Fund managers 12 January 2017 Add a comment Add a comment Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. blog comments powered by Disqus Back to Top Most read Winterflood's top investment trust picks for 2017 Gross: Trump's pre-term policies reminiscent of Mussolini Woodford: Why my fund underperformed the FTSE All-Share in 2016 Sterling falls as May signals 'hard' Brexit Redwood: Will 2017 be as good as 2016? Contact Us Marketing solutions About Incisive Media Terms and conditions Privacy and Cookie policy RSS Twitter LinkedIn Newsletters Apps © Incisive Business Media (IP) Limited 2016 © Incisive Business Media (IP) Limited, Published by Incisive Business Media Limited, Haymarket House, 28-29 Haymarket, London SW1Y 4RX, are companies registered in England and Wales with company registration numbers 9177174 & 9178013 Digital publisher of the year 2010, 2013 & 2016 Digital publisher of the year 2010, 2013 & 2016
About Future Staff Contact Privacy Policy Search for: Select Press Releases Home / Press Releases / U.S. Vaccines Market to Exhibit 4.30% CAGR 2014-2020 Due to Government-Led Awareness Initiatives U.S. Vaccines Market to Exhibit 4.30% CAGR 2014-2020 Due to Government-Led Awareness Initiatives Posted on January 12, 2017 by ReleaseWire - Latest Press Releases in Press Releases Conceptual image of a businessman holding big hammer Albany, NY — (SBWIRE) — 01/12/2017 — Transparency Market Research has recently announced the publication of a new market research study, titled "U.S. Vaccine Market – Industry Analysis, Size, Share, Growth, Trends and Forecast 2014 – 2020". According to the research report, the U.S. vaccine market is anticipated to exhibit a 4.30% CAGR between 2014 and 2020. The market research report on the U.S. vaccine market is an effort to provide a comprehensive analysis including market overview, product segmentation, market trends, and vendor analysis. Browse Full U.S. Vaccine Market (Human Vaccines: Hepatitis, Influenza, Meningococcal, Pneumococcal, HPV, Combination Vaccines; Animal Vaccines: Canine, Feline, Porcine, Bovine, Ovine, Poultry and Equine) – Industry Analysis, Size, Share, Growth, Trends and Forecast 2014 – 2020 Report @ http://www.transparencymarketresearch.com/us-vaccine-market.html Increased consumption of chicken in recent years has boosted the demand for poultry vaccines in the U.S.; moreover, rising prevalence of zoonotic diseases has propelled the U.S. animal vaccines market. The remarkably low risk of fatal and serious side effects of vaccines and awareness initiatives by government and non-profit organizations have fueled the U.S. vaccines market. On the other hand, the rigid regulatory pathway and high cost associated with vaccine handling, storage, and transportation are some of the restraining factors that are curbing the growth of this market. The U.S. vaccine market has been broadly classified into the human vaccine market and the animal vaccine market in the U.S. On the basis of type, the human vaccine market is further divided into pediatric and adult vaccines. Furthermore, according to different antigens, the U.S. human vaccine market has been segmented into meningococcal, influenza, human papillomavirus (HPV), hepatitis, pneumococcal, combination vaccines and more. In 2013, in terms of revenue, the combination vaccines segment comprised the largest segment of the human vaccine market. Nevertheless, the pneumococcal vaccines market is expected to develop as the biggest segment till 2020, thanks to the projected increase in the sales of Prevnar 13 throughout the forecast period. In addition, the meningococcal vaccines segment is also expected to grow rapidly in the coming years. The U.S. animal vaccines market has been classified into companion vaccines and livestock vaccines. Further classification of companion animal vaccines has been done into canine and feline, whereas the livestock animal vaccines segment has been segmented into the poultry, bovine, porcine, ovine, and equine sub-segments. In 2013, the canine vaccines segment held a slightly larger share than the feline vaccines segment in terms of revenue, owing to the higher average cost of canine vaccination. In livestock animal vaccines, in 2013, the bovine segment held the biggest share in the market, followed by porcine vaccines. Nevertheless, the poultry vaccines segment has been expected to exhibit a progressive CAGR between 2014 and 2020. The U.S. vaccine market has gained traction in recent years and is expected to be one of the fastest growing markets in the healthcare segment. Some of the dominating players in the U.S. human vaccine market are Sanofi, Merck & Co., Inc., Pfizer, Ltd., Novartis International AG., and GlaxoSmithKline plc. As there is stiff competition among all these players in the U.S. market, introducing innovative and new vaccines is one of the ways used by these companies to remain dominant in the market. Some of the other prominent players in the U.S. animal vaccine market are Merial (animal health department of Sanofi), Merck & Co., Inc., Zoetis, Inc., and Boehringer Ingelheim. In 2013, Zoetis, Inc. accounted for the biggest share in the U.S. animal vaccine market, followed by Merck & Co., Inc. Download Sample Copy of Report at: http://www.transparencymarketresearch.com/sample/sample.php?flag=S&rep_id=553 Key segments of the XYZ market U.S. Human Vaccine Market, by Type: Pediatric Adult U.S. Human Vaccine Market, by Antigen Hepatitis (A & B) Influenza Meningococcal Pneumococcal Human Papillomavirus (HPV) Combination Vaccines (DTaP, DTaP-Hep B-IPV, DTaP-IPV and DTaP-IPV) Others U.S. Animal Vaccine Market, by Animal Type: Companion Animal Vaccine Market Canine Feline Livestock Vaccine Market Porcine Bovine Ovine Poultry Equine Browse Our new press releases: http://www.transparencymarketresearch.com/pressrelease/us-vaccine-industry-htm For more information on this press release visit: http://www.sbwire.com/press-releases/us-vaccines-market-to-exhibit-430-cagr-2014-2020-due-to-government-led-awareness-initiatives-759184.htm Media Relations Contact Rohit Bhisey Head Transparency Market Research Telephone: 518-618-1030 Email: Click to Email Rohit Bhisey Web: http://www.transparencymarketresearch.com Latest News Global Solar Council Releases Inaugural Quarterly Report Innovations, Historic Aviation Among Highlights of EAA AirVenture Oshkosh 2017 BOSS Accounting Outsourcing Specialists New Special Offer Rates Give Businesses Up to 71% Savings INVESTOR ALERT: Faruqi &amp; Faruqi, LLP Encourages Investors Who Suffered Losses in Excess of $100,000 Investing in TerraVia Holdings, Inc. to Contact the Firm Before Imminent Lead Plaintiff Deadline A Frogs Life TDSi Appoints New Distribution Channel Manager TM DEVELOPMENT JOINS STROKE CONTRARY TO STARVATION Certxpert.Com Offers EC-Council CEH Certification Exam at Affordable Price Go Live UK Announces the Successful Launch of the Redesigned Property Rescue Website My Design Station adds personal touch to wedding products. © 2015 SSUChronicle. All rights reserved. Top Optimization WordPress Plugins & Solutions by W3 EDGE
msn back to msn home money search money search web search Sign in Change language & content: América Latina (español) Argentina (español) Australia (English) België (Nederlands) Belgique (français) Brasil (português) Canada (English) Canada (français) Chile (español) Colombia (español) Danmark (Dansk) Deutschland (Deutsch) España (español) France (français) India (English) Indonesia (Bahasa Indonesia) Ireland (English) Italia (italiano) Malaysia (English) México (español) Nederland (Nederlands) New Zealand (English) Norge (norsk, bokmål) Österreich (Deutsch) Perú (español) Philippines (English) Polska (polski) Portugal (Português) Schweiz (Deutsch) Singapore (English) South Africa (English) Suisse (français) Suomi (suomi) Sverige (svenska) Türkiye (Türkçe) United Arab Emirates (English) United Kingdom (English) United States (English) United States (español) Venezuela (español) Việt Nam (Tiếng Việt) Ελλάδα (ελληνικά) Россия (Pусский) ישראל (עברית)‏ الإمارات العربية المتحدة (العربية‏) المملكة العربية السعودية (العربية‏) مصر (العربية‏) ไทย (ไทย) 한국 (한국어) 中华人民共和国 (简体中文) 台灣 (繁體中文) 日本 (日本語) 香港特别行政區 (繁體中文) Switch to Latino Feedback Help Today Markets Investing Personal Finance Real Estate Careers Small Business My Watchlist Mortgages Credit Cards Broker Center Tools Home News Weather Entertainment Sports Money Lifestyle Health & Fitness Food & Drink Travel Autos Video Top Stocks Inside the Ticker Mutual Funds and ETFs Small Business Expert Voices Taxes Retirement Life Stock Picks Today's 52-Week Highs Today's 52-Week Lows Volume Shockers Price Shockers High-yield Stocks The Best Blue-Chip Stocks AdChoices Market commentary from Anthony Mirhaydari for InvestorPlace Nasdaq posts another record high as earnings season kicks off Stocks slump as the Trump rally loses air Stocks rebound in wake of Trump volatility Dow Jones falls after flirting with 20,000 Stocks slide as Dow 20,000 slips away Dow brushes against 20,000 on weak jobs report Stocks wilt as post-election trade reverses Dow Jones closes within reach of 20,000 Stocks climb as 2017 kicks off right What a trade war with China could do to the economy Stocks fall as Dow 20,000 remains out of reach Stocks rebound in wake of Trump volatility 3 / 11 InvestorPlace Anthony Mirhaydari 4 days ago SHARE SHARE TWEET SHARE EMAIL Stocks slump as the Trump rally loses air Dow Jones falls after flirting with 20,000 Click to expand Replay Video Trump's choice for AG has some worried about impact on legal pot The comments by Jeff Sessions in Washington sent shockwaves through states like Colorado where marijuana is legal. CBS Denver Trump wants you to buy L.L. Bean The President-elect tweeted his support of the company after an anti-Trump group called for a boycott. CNN Money China fears protectionist Trump may thwart its exports China's customs agency said on Friday U.S. President Donald Trump may limit the growth of China's exports by imposing greater trade protectionist measures. According to Reuters, customs spokesman Huang Songping said China is the biggest loser in the anti-globalization trend. He added it will be difficult for China's foreign trade to improve in 2017 due to rising costs and other factors. China is the world's largest trading nation. It could be heavily exposed to protectionist measures this year if Trump follows through on campaign pledges to brand it a currency manipulator and impose heavy tariffs on imports of Chinese goods. Wochit Business SETTINGS OFF HD HQ SD LO Wall Street ends choppy session higher, health lags on Trump comments Reuters See more videos SHARE SHARE TWEET SHARE EMAIL What to watch next Trump's choice for AG has some worried about impact on legal pot CBS Denver 2:04 Trump wants you to buy L.L. Bean CNN Money 1:01 China fears protectionist Trump may thwart its exports Wochit Business 0:58 Ferrero says Nutella is safe to consume, despite concerns Wochit News 0:47 Nintendo anounces 'Switch' release date Reuters 1:14 How to eat on just $3 a day CNBC 2:40 ExxonMobil exploits poor nation's corruption for oil in Africa MSNBC 4:08 Is 2017 going to be the year for tech IPOs? Bloomberg 3:48 Apple is going Hollywood with new content plan The Wall Street Journal. 1:59 Wet winter brings parts of California out of 5-year drought Newsy 0:55 New Istanbul airport will be world's busiest CNBC 0:31 Is this the anti-smartphone? Fox Business 1:27 AT&T, Verizon are massively boosting cell coverage on the Mall for Inauguration Day The Washington Post 1:35 Amazon will add 100,00 American jobs Wochit Business 0:39 As the iPhone turns 10, what's next for smartphones? The Wall Street Journal. 2:10 Legal experts: Trump's business plan falls short CNN Money 3:21 UP NEXT U.S. equities suffered another bout of volatility on Wednesday after intense fireworks were seen at President-elect Donald Trump’s first press conference in months. Issues such as Russian hacking of the Democratic National Committee, a “fake news” report from BuzzFeed and more were discussed. In the end, the Dow Jones Industrial Average gained 0.5%, the S&P 500 gained 0.3%, the Nasdaq Composite added 0.2% and the Russell 2000 gained 0.2%. Treasury bonds were stronger, the dollar was hit hard in the wake of Trump’s comments (disappointment at the lack of stimulus discussion) after trading higher earlier in the session, gold gained 0.9% and oil gained despite a larger-than-expected U.S. inventory build. © Provided by InvestorPlace 01117-Dow-Jones Energy stocks led the way on the oil bounce, climbing 1.2%. Utilities gained 1% on yield relief from the strength in bonds. Healthcare stocks were the laggards, down 1%, after Trump criticized drug pricing and the lack of a bidding process as part of the Medicare drug benefit. Specifically, he said the industry was “getting away with murder” and had too much power over policy setting in Washington, D.C. 10 Stocks to Buy for Donald Trump's Second Wind Continuing the strength seen in automakers and auto supply chain stocks, American Axle & Manufact. Holdings, Inc. (NYSE:AXL) gained 3.4% after raising 2017 sales and margin guidance ahead of expectations. Rite Aid Corporation (NYSE:RAD) rose 3.4% after the NY Post reported that federal regulators are looking to complete the proposed merger with Walgreens  Boots Alliance Inc (NASDAQ:WBA) soon. And drug maker Merck & Co, Inc. (NYSE:MRK) shrugged off the weakness in its sector to rise 2.9% thanks to the announcement of a FDA priority review for an advanced lung cancer treatment. Read more from Anthony Mirhaydari and other top money experts Supervalu Inc. (NYSE:SVU) fell 7.5% after missing fiscal third-quarter operating earnings expectations by barely 30% on weakness in its wholesale grocery business. Buy Today’s Trump Dump in Biotech Stocks - XBI IBB Technically, the Dow remains parked just below the 20,000  level as breadth continues to deteriorate and evidence of buying activity in safe haven assets — Treasury bonds and gold — rises. Edge subscribers enjoyed another 1.9% gain in their ProShares Ultra 20+Year Tsury ETF (NYSEARCA:UBT) position. Anthony Mirhaydari is founder of the Edge and Edge Pro investment advisory newsletters. A two-week and four-week free trial offer has been extended to MSN Money readers. Previous Next Go to MSN Home Go to MSN Money Join the conversation Report Abuse Report inappropriate content Sorry! There was a problem. Please try again. Help us maintain a healthy and vibrant community by reporting any illegal or inappropriate behavior that violates MSN’s Code of Conduct. Select a category Spam Child pornography or exploitation Profanity, vulgarity or obscenity Copyright infringement Harassment or threat Threats of suicide Other Who posted the inappropriate comment (Required) Paste the unacceptable comment here submit Leave your comment AdChoices AdChoices AdChoices More from InvestorPlace Why Foot Locker, Inc. Makes a Suitable Value Investment (FL) InvestorPlace How NCR Corporation (NCR) Can Sustain its Momentum in 2017 InvestorPlace Why Infosys Ltd ADR (INFY), GameStop Corp. (GME) and Hovnanian Enterprises, Inc. (HOV) Are 3 of Today’s Worst Stocks InvestorPlace 2018 Dodge Demon: 7 Things About Chrysler’s (FCAU) New Muscle Car InvestorPlace InvestorPlace View the full site Feedback © 2017 Microsoft Privacy Legal About our Ads Feedback Help MSN Worldwide Newsletter Found the story interesting? Like us on Facebook to see similar stories I'm already a fan, don't show this again Send Feedback Provide Feedback Report a Problem We appreciate your input! Select a category: I'm having problems with Top Destinations I'm having issues searching I'm having problems with Featured Apps I see an error in the content Other How we can improve? Please give an overall site rating: Submit Close Privacy Statement Help Help & Support
Sorry!! The article you are trying to read is not available now. Log In Business News Politics And Regulation Markets The Economy Editor's Pick Trading And Investing Stocks ETFs Fixed Income Currencies Earnings Commodities Options Taxes Personal Finance How To Trade How To Invest sectors Biotech/pharma Consumer Energy Financial Global Markets Media Precious Metals Real Estate Technology Transportation special features Wall Of Worry Random Thoughts Sports Business Minyanville Press Hoofy & Boo Radio From The Buzz & Banter Daily Recap MV Education center Video t3 live subscriptions Buzz And Banter Cooper's Market Report Techstrat Report The Options Strategist Thank you very much; you're only a step away from downloading your reports. You will receive a download link right in your email inbox for each of the free reports that you choose. Minyanville 7 Blue-Chip Dividend Stocks That Are Dead Weight Right Now By Scutify Jan 11, 2017 8:56 am PRINT   Stay Connected This article is published in collaboration with Scutify, where you can find real-time markets and stock commentary from Robert Marcin, Cody Willard and others. Download the Scutify iOS App, the Scutify Android App or visit Scutify.com. With the likelihood of a trio of rate hikes expected this year, dividend stocks have earned a little more than their fair share of bad press. See, as is the case with bond prices, higher interest rates push the value of dividend stocks downward. Source: Shutterstock That's not the only headwind working against some of these income-oriented investments, however, which has struck even the bluest of blue-chip dividend stocks. A handful of well-known dividend-payers that people largely own for their payouts may prove surprisingly disappointing for the foreseeable future. Either these companies can't afford to continue the payout at current levels, they're overvalued or these outfits are on the verge of cyclical problems. In some cases, more than one liability may apply. With that as the backdrop, here's a closer look at seven blue-chip stocks income seekers may want to avoid until something significant changes; that change may well include a sizeable price setback. Dead-Weight Dividend Stocks: Ford (F) Source: Jens Mayer via Flickr (Modified) Why It's Dead Weight: Lower profits incoming In the shadow of reports that December's auto sales were fantastic to top off a record-breaking year for car sales, it's tough not to like Ford Motor Company (NYSE:F). More of the same could prove to be a very good year for the company, and the current trajectory is a compelling one ... particularly if Trump can truly put the U.S. economy in higher gear and more money in people's pockets. Investors may not want to put the cart too far in front of the horse, however. Any impact Trump may have could take months if not years to reach full speed. A big chunk of the Trump plan calls for Ford and its peers to keep production here at home, where it costs more. That eats into earnings. Profit margins are already a narrow 4.7%, and even-thinner margins won't exactly give the carmaker a major motivation to share more of the wealth with shareholders. That's not to say the current quarterly dividend of 15 cents per share is in jeopardy. It is to say, though, the recent rise in the value of F shares (up 11% since the election) could be tough to justify in the foreseeable future. Remember, even Ford itself warned in September that its 2017 profits would roll in lower than 2016's, as bigger-picture demand continues to deteriorate. Not that much has changed for the better in the meantime. Dead-Weight Dividend Stocks: Caterpillar (CAT) Source: Anthony via Flickr Why It's Dead Weight: Deterioration of mining; Hefty payout ratio The headwind Caterpillar Inc. (NYSE:CAT) has faced since 2015 is well documented. Not only did adeterioration of the mining and drilling business take a toll on the company's top and bottom line, the U.S. dollar's multi-year ascension has made it nearly impossible for Caterpillar's all-important overseas customers to afford its equipment. It's barely broken even over the course of the past four reported quarters, versus 2014's net income of $3.7 billion. This hasn't prevented CAT from paying a dividend, even though doing so hasn't always been easy over the course of the past couple of years. In fact, Caterpillar's continued increase in its payout even when things were fiscally lean is admirable, even if a bit uncomfortable. Caterpillar is paying 77 cents per share now, versus only 70 cents per share two years ago. But the budding economic revival and recovering commodity prices will turn the company's fortune around before time catches up with the company? Maybe. But, not only has the dollar not peeled back to more beneficial levels for the company, it actually ran to new multi-year highs late last year. That means at least part of the company's headwind has persisted through the end of last year. And the expectations aren't high to begin with. The pros expect earnings to fall from 74 cents per share to 66 cents for last quarter, with sales expected to fall similarly. The current quarter results will feel that pain as well. The greenback is largely expected to pull back as 2017 wears on, but there's not a lot for CAT shareholders to be excited about at least through the next quarterly report. ADVERTISEMENT Dead-Weight Dividend Stocks: Ameren Corp (AEE) Source: Shutterstock Why It's Dead Weight: Historically low yield When most investors think of dividend stocks, "Steady Eddie" utility stocks often come to mind first. And well they should. Cars and computers may be cyclical, but consumers always keep the lights on. And of the top blue-chip dividend stocks within the utilities sector, Ameren Corp (NYSE:AEE) is the creme of the crop, with a 3.4% yield from a non-growth business. Its dividend coverage ratio (the amount of profits dished out as dividends) of 65% is slightly lower than the industry norm of 67%; and better still, the $12 billion outfit has been steadily increasing its payout since 2011. Investors are looking for more of the same increases going forward. So what's wrong with AEE as an income-oriented investment? The stock's 65% gain over the course of the past four years - and the 23% gain just since the January 2016 low - has far exceeded dividend growth during that time, pushing the yield for the company to historically low levels. Granted, sometimes you have to pay for (or make sacrifices for) a quality name like Ameren. This isn't one of those times. There are other utility stocks out there that are just as strong that pay a higher yield. As the markets start to realize it, AEE is apt to be pressured lower. Dead-Weight Dividend Stocks: GlaxoSmithKline (GSK) Source: Shutterstock Why It's Dead Weight: Lackluster pipeline With a current yield of 4.7%, GlaxoSmithKline plc (ADR) (NYSE:GSK) has superficially has earned a spot on the market's short list of top dividend stocks. Look beyond the snapshot, however, and you might not like what you find. There's a reason GSK shares have barely broken even over the course of the past year, are down 9% for the past couple of years, and are in the red to the tune of 26% since this point in the year 2014. That is, GlaxoSmithKline has one of the least compelling drug R&D pipelines in the business. To its credit, it is getting better. Its efforts to target the OX40 protein on cancer cells holds promise, and it's got two HIV drugs in phase-3 trials that are showing great results. Its shingles vaccine appears to work quite well too. A closer look at each of those drugs, their prospects and their competition, however, takes a great deal of the shine off. The shingles vaccine Shingrix, for instance, will have to compete with an established drug from Merck, while its flagship HIV development is a drug taken in tandem with a Johnson & Johnson treatment, cutting into its total revenue potential. GlaxoSmithKline doesn't have any breakout drugs in the works, and even fewer of the items in its pipeline are in a position to bolster revenue in the early part of this year. Dead-Weight Dividend Stocks: IBM (IBM) Source: Shutterstock Why It's Dead Weight: Eroding profitability Last month, International Business Machines Corp.(NYSE:IBM) logged its eighteenth straight quarter of year-over-year declining revenue. The earnings trend hasn't fared much more impressively. Yet, last quarter's numbers offered a glimmer of hope in that the deterioration of revenue seems to have stabilized, and a number of massive initiatives has led to talk of a turnaround that doesn't seem illegitimate. Between that and the 3.3% yield it currently sports despite a 28% rally since early January of 2016, ol' "Big Blue" might just look like one of the market's top blue-chip dividend stocks again. Don't confuse "better" with "good," however, and don't confuse one or two improved quarters with a trend. As Credit Suisse analyst Kulbinder Garcha explained last month, "[O]ur closer examination highlights that a series of non operational, non recurring items are supporting the EPS. We believe the structural profitability may continue to erode." ADVERTISEMENT Dead-Weight Dividend Stocks: BP (BP) Source: Mike Mozart via Flickr Why It's Dead Weight: Oil uncertainty; Unwieldy payout ratio With a current dividend yield of 6.3% and the prospect for higher crude oil prices, oil giant BP plc (ADR)(NYSE:BP) makes for an interesting prospect. When one takes a closer look at BP's books though, red flags start to wave. Yes, BP has swung back to profitability after getting hit hard - along with oil prices - in early 2016, thanks to the 100% rebound crude has logged over the course of the past twelve months (almost to the day). Goldman Sachs expects oil prices to at least hold steady for the foreseeable future, bolstering the bullish argument for BP. It's going to take a lot more than "holding steady" from oil prices for BP to be restored as one of the market's top dividend stocks, however. Last quarter's earnings of 29 cents per share was the most profitable in the past four quarters, yet the company has continued to dish out a quarterly dividend of 59.5 cents per share. How does that work for that long? BP is borrowing to keep the dividend payments going. If the profit level were anywhere close to the payout and/or if crude oil was destined to move to a price of $100 per barrel in the near future, it may be worth considering. Neither of those conditions are in sight, however, and the market is starting to put two and two together. Dead-Weight Dividend Stocks: Altria (MO) Source: Peyri Herrera via Flickr (Modified) Why It's Dead Weight: Expensive; Slow growth Last but not least, while Altria Group Inc (NYSE:MO) has historically been one of the quintessential dividend stocks (currently paying out 3.6%) and has somehow found a way to continue growing despite the advent of e-cigs and outright cessation efforts, time has been catching up with the company. Indeed, it seems to have caught up with MO headed into the thick of 2017. It's a premise easy to counter just by pointing out how Bank of America analysts recently upgraded Altria to a "buy" and that its iQOS vaporizer will likely win the FDA's approval as a safer alternative to actually burning tobacco. There's more bark than bite to the optimism, though. Altria is still fighting an uphill battle it's ultimately going to lose, and the stock's price has rallied a lot faster than earnings have, or will in the foreseeable future. Last year's 16% rally from MO has left the stock at a trailing price-earnings ratio of 25.4, and a forward-looking P/E of 20.3. Once traders figure out earnings only grew 8% last year and will likely only grow 10% this year (and that assumes iQOS is a hit), shares are apt to see pressure. As of this writing, James Brumley did not hold a position in any of the aforementioned securities. This article was written by James Brumley, InvestorPlace Feature Writer for InvestorPlace on Jan 10, 2017. This article published in collaboration with Scutify, the best app for traders and investors. Download the Scutify iOS App, the Scutify Android App or visit Scutify.com. < Previous 1 Next > View As One Page Click Here to read the disclaimer > Follow Us On Twitter PRINT   Get The Minyanville Daily Recap Newsletter Stay current on financial news, entertainment, education and smart market commentary. Subscribe   Stay Connected Featured Videos This application requires JavaScript. WHAT'S POPULAR IN THE VILLE 1 The Corporate Bond Market: Binge-Borrowing 2 Is Today The Day I Short Facebook For Their Next Earnings Miss? 3 This Stock Carries The Most Downside Risk In 2017 4 Describing 'Reflation' 5 Disruptive Marketing Technology - bBooth ($BBTH) Identified as Potential Takeover Target in CRM See All Articles » More From Minyanville   Business News Trading and Investing Sectors Special Features MV PREMIUM MV Education Center Video Buzz & Banter Cooper's Market Report TechStrat Report The Options Strategist Sitemap Contributor Bios Directory of Terms Archive Email Alerts RSS Feeds T3 Live Subscriptions Minyanville Merchandise Company   MinyanLand Minyanville Media Buzz and Banter.com Ruby Peck Foundation About Us Advertise Contact Us Help Privacy Policy Terms and Conditions Disclaimers   Follow Minyanville on Facebook   Follow minyanville on Twitter   Follow Minyanville on Linkedin   Subscribe to Our RSS Feed Partners   ©2017 Minyanville Media, Inc. All Rights Reserved
Want up-to-the- minute news? Sign up for HAMODIA'S Breaking News Emails* *You can select which emails you'd like to receive. Go × Home | Archive | Advertise | Subscribe | About Us | Contact Us י"ח טבת תשע"ז   |   Sunday, January 15, 2017 Hamodia - The daily newspaper of torah jewry Subscribe to the Hamodia print edition Sections Business Tech World Regional Israel Community National Politics Op-Ed Features Letters Classifieds Business U.S. Stock Indexes Close Higher After Wavering Much of the Day U.S. Stock Indexes Close Higher After Wavering Much of the Day Wednesday, January 11, 2017 at 10:29 pm | י"ג טבת תשע"ז NEW YORK (AP) - Energy companies led U.S. stocks modestly higher Wednesday, nudging the Nasdaq composite to its fifth record-high close in a row. Rising crude oil prices gave energy companies a boost, including oil rig operator Transocean, which rose 4 percent. Traders also bid up shares in utilities. The stock market spent much of the day wavering between small gains and losses as investors sized up outlooks from several companies ahead of the latest batch of corporate earnings reports. The Dow Jones industrial average rose 98.75 points, or 0.5 percent, to 19,954.28. The S&P 500 index added 6.42 points, or 0.3 percent, to 2,275.32. The Nasdaq gained 11.83 points, or 0.2 percent, to 5,563.65. The index has risen every day this year. During a press conference Wednesday, President-elect Donald Trump said the government has to create new bidding procedures for the pharmaceutical industry in order to stem drug costs “because they’re getting away with murder.” The remarks sent health care stocks broadly lower, particularly pharmaceutical companies. At one point, drugmakers and one prescription drug distributor accounted for the nine biggest losers in the S&P 500. Pharmaceutical company Endo International led the decliners in the Standard & Poor’s 500 index, sliding 8.5 percent, from $1.30 to $14.01. Perrigo slid $5.77, or 6.9 percent, to $77.88. Mallinckrodt slumped $3.31, or 6.2 percent, to $50.44. Not all drugmakers had a bad day. Merck rose 2.9 percent on news that the Food and Drug Administration will do a quick review of one of the company’s drugs for its potential to treat a type of lung cancer. The stock added $1.71 to $61.63. Big U.S. companies start reporting fourth-quarter earnings this week. On Friday JPMorgan Chase, Wells Fargo and Bank of America release their results. The major indexes in Europe were mixed. Germany’s DAX rose 0.5 percent, while France’s CAC 40 was essentially flat. Britain’s FTSE 100 gained 0.2 percent. Earlier in Asia, a strong earnings forecast from Samsung Electronics helped drive gains on the South Korean stock market, where the Kospi added 1.5 percent and hit its highest close in over a year. Japan’s benchmark Nikkei 225 rose 0.3 percent. Australia’s S&P/ASX 200 added 0.2 percent. Hong Kong’s Hang Seng gained 0.8 percent. Benchmark U.S. crude rose $1.43, or 2.8 percent, to close at $52.25 a barrel in New York. Brent crude, which is used to price oil sold internationally, gained $1.46, or 2.7 percent, at $55.10 a barrel in London. In other energy trading, wholesale gasoline added 5 cents to $1.59 a gallon and heating oil rose 4 cents to $1.65 a gallon. Natural gas futures slipped 5 cents to $3.22 per 1,000 cubic feet. Bond prices rose. The yield on the 10-year Treasury note fell to 2.36 percent from 2.38 percent late Tuesday. In currency markets, the dollar fell to 115.43 yen from 115.73 yen late Tuesday. The euro rose to $1.0576 from $1.0560. The pound, which has been declining amid concern that Britain might break off completely from the European Union’s single market, gained ground on the dollar. The British currency strengthened to $1.2208 from $1.2163. Among metals, the price of gold rose $11.10 to $1,196.60 an ounce. Silver slipped 2 cents to $16.83 an ounce. Copper was little changed at $2.61 a pound. Filed under: Energy, Health Care, Nasdaq, Stocks Print Email Gmail Related U.S. Stock Indexes Close Mostly Higher; Oil Price Rebounds  U.S. Stock Indexes Close Slightly Lower; Oil Rises U.S. Stock Indexes Close Lower on Thurs. as Market Snaps 3-Day Rally U.S. Stock Indexes Edge Higher in Midday Trading; Oil Rises U.S. Stocks Recover From An Early Slump and Close Higher  More in Business Wells Fargo Quarterly Earnings Fall in Wake of Bogus-Accounts Scandal Lockheed CEO Tells Trump Company Will Add 1,800 F-35 Jobs in Fort Worth Tax Filers Claiming Earned Income Tax Credit to Face Refund Delay This Year AUTO REVIEW: 2017 Genesis G90 Flagship Sedan Carves Out a Spot for Modest Luxury Nasdaq Hits Record; Bank Earnings Validate Wall St. Rally OP-ED A ‘Good Relationship’ With Russia Shouldn’t Be Trump’s Priority Don’t Defund the U.N. — Find Other Ways to Help Israel The Zeal to Repeal When Words Sprout Wings P.M. Netanyahu’s Delaying Tactics on Shabbos Great People in Our Midst Hypocritic Oath Searching for Answers Cold War Relic, Present Day Threat President Obama’s Foreign Policy Was Error After Error The Horrific Florida Shooting Russia Hacking Report is an Indictment of Obama, Not Trump Trump Has Made a Smart Choice for Education Secretary A Hate March and The Reaction It Elicited Features Can Wealth and Torah Go Together? Parashat Vayechi Mishmeres HaSholom: Ask the Rav This Day In History 15 Teves/January 13 For the Boys Editorial Cartoon – January 13, 2017 Nichum Aveilim 15 Teves/January 13 Sudoku – January 13, 2017 הרה”ק רבי חיים שמואל מחענטשין זי”ע Sudoku – January 12, 2017 This Day In History 14 Teves/January 12 Nichum Aveilim 14 Teves/January 12 Mild Meat Don’t Let Detox Diets Deceive You Weather » Brooklyn 36°F Clear See more locations » Stocks » NASDAQ 5,574.12 +26.63 (+0.48%) S&P 500 2,274.64 +4.20 (+0.18%) See more stocks » Currency » EUR 0.9409 GBP 0.8307 ILS 3.8184 CHF 1.0099 See more currencies » Got a news tip, picture or story to share? Contribute Sections Business Markets Technology World Regional Israel Community National Op-Ed Features Resources Weather Currency Stocks Zmanim Shiurim Simchas Readers Subscribe Letters Archives Classifieds Company Advertise Privacy Policy Terms of Use About Us Contact Us ➧
Login Subscriptions e-Edition eNewsletters Classifieds Real Estate Jobs × Toggle navigation Toggle Search News News Home Local Northwest Politics Schools Crime Nation & World Weather Traffic Press Talk Health Photo Galleries Video Podcasts Submit Newstip Recent Headlines Holiday Closures: Martin Luther King Jr. Day Fire rips through Fourth Plain strip mall Vancouver Public Schools says timing right for bond measure Weather Eye: Expect some mess when nature cleans away all this snow Finding care can be a pain in Clark County Community Foundation taking scholarship applications Public meetings for the week of Jan. 15 One hurt, one arrested in stabbing at Vancouver Mall Ilani hiring event draws about 1,600 people Grand National pigeon show comes to Clark County Wildlife officials: Feeding birds is fine but not necessary Go ahead, feed the birds. Just realize that you’ll probably get more out of it than they will. Sports Sports Home Local Preps Seahawks Blazers College Soccer Nation & World Community Outdoors Micah Rice Recent Sports Headlines Seahawks go into offseason dejected at another missed chance Girls basketball: Union 51, Heritage 31 Boys basketball: Union 71, Heritage 27 Gonzaga stays perfect with rout of St. Mary’s Lewis’ 3 TDs spark Patriots to win Girls basketball: Seton Catholic 54, Castle Rock 33 High school scoreboard 1/15 Clark shakes off snow for sweep of SWOC Late run costs Huskies at Stanford, 76-69 Seahawks season ends with playoff loss to Falcons Seahawks season ends with playoff loss to Falcons Matt Ryan threw for 338 yards and three touchdowns, leading the Falcons to a 36-20 victory over the Seattle Seahawks… Business Business Home Local Strictly Business Real Estate Legal Notices Recent Business Stories The cost of dining out Weight when to go to work if feeling ill Failed home sales see bump Human connections can give job seekers a leg up beyond LinkedIn Immigration talk spurring farmers Apple seeking original shows for music service A trial for DirecTV Now is free, but it’s a hard sell for some Berko: Broker hit the bullseye on these 3 strong companies Home video sales shrank again in 2016 as viewers opt for streaming A Siri for your finances? Digit says, ‘Trust me’ The cost of dining out Sorry, diners: Although restaurants got pushback for raising menu prices in 2016, they aren’t expected to cave in and lower… Life Life Home Local Weekend Events Food Dining Out Submit a Milestone Pets Podcasts Movie Listings Recent Life Stories ‘Duplicity’ delivers packed plot Affleck on roller coaster again ‘Her Every Fear’ a compulsive thriller ‘Patriots Day’ stars focus on the details Chazelle, Jenkins get another award nod Report: Moon may have formed from many small ones World’s most fashionable women feted ‘The Young Pope’ gets politics Sleeper Sac a Snuggie for the kids Works of influential political cartoonist Herblock on display in county Check It Out: Suggestions for Year of the Rooster Cock-a-doodle-doo! In case you hadn’t heard, 2017 is the Year of the Rooster according to Chinese astrology. If you felt… Opinion Opinion Home Editorials Letters to the Editor Columns Greg Jayne Endorsements Editorial Cartoons Polls Forums Recent Opinion Stories In our View: Farewell, Obama Jayne: Jim Moeller contentedly ponders his political future Estrich: Obamacare may not look so bad Will: Exposing the attack on cold, hard reality Blame game changer Local View: Pointed questions for Trump’s education secretary pick Letter: Keep homeless in mind Letter: An amoral society Letter: Trump saves jobs Letter: Adjust Electoral College Editorial Cartoons: Jan. 15-21 Blogs Staff Blogs Home All Politics is Local Blazer Banter Cannabis Chronicles Clark County Faces Digital Desk High School Sports HealthBeat History Recent Blog Posts Community Cat Tales Corks and Forks FYI98642 Home Made Gardening with Allen Paleo Mama Portland Timbers Sherri McMillan Small Plates Sugar and Spice Neighbors Neighbors Garage Sales Datacenter Events Vital Statistics Death Notices Reader Photos Farm Fresh Clubs and Organizations Community News Annual holiday party for students delayed by snow finally gets its day Everybody has a story: Vets’ friendship stays afloat with cross-country game Volunteer Opportunities Free Clinic raises $185,000 at fundraiser Rocksolid Community Teen Center earns grant in honor of retired teacher Knights, society team up to buy Coats for Kids School’s first Blanket Drive collects 54 blankets Friends of the Carpenter day center receives largest in-kind donation in its history Innovative Services receives grant for assessment kits Happy Hoppers dancers help sort Walk & Knock donations Empty parking spaces, long wait list in downtown Some downtown Vancouver residents are frustrated that hundreds of people, including some of their neighbors, are on a waiting list… Obituaries Obituary Home Submit Paid Obituary Submit Free Death Notice More Blogs Neighbors Obituaries Business Directory Weekly Deals Best of Clark County Place an Ad Classifieds Legal Notices Jobs Wheels Real Estate Login | Subscribe News News Home Local Northwest Politics Schools Crime Nation & World Weather Traffic Press Talk Health Photo Galleries Video Podcasts Submit Newstip Subscriptions e-Edition eNewsletters Sports Sports Home Local Preps Seahawks Blazers College Soccer Nation & World Community Outdoors Micah Rice Business Business Home Local Strictly Business Economic Forecast Real Estate Legal Notices Life Life Home Local Weekend Events Food Dining Out Submit a Milestone Pets Podcasts Movie Listings Opinion Opinion Home Editorials Letters to the Editor Columns Greg Jayne Endorsements Editorial Cartoons Polls Forums Blogs All Politics is Local Blazer Banter Preps HealthBeat All Blogs Neighbors Neighbors Garage Sales Datacenter Events Vital Statistics Death Notices Reader Photos Farm Fresh Clubs and Organizations Obituaries Obituary Home Submit Paid Obituary Submit Free Death Notice More Find a Business Weekly Deals Place an Ad Classifieds Legal Notices Jobs Wheels Real Estate Indexes waver, end higher By ALEX VEIGA, Associated Press Published: January 11, 2017, 4:34 PM A   A Energy companies led U.S. stocks modestly higher Wednesday, nudging the Nasdaq composite to its fifth record-high close in a row. Rising crude oil prices gave energy companies a boost, including oil rig operator Transocean, which rose 4 percent. Traders also bid up shares in utilities. Health care stocks fell after President-elect Donald Trump spoke about the need for the government to stem drug costs by creating new bidding procedures. Pharmaceutical company Endo International led the decliners in the Standard & Poor’s 500 index, sliding 8.5 percent. The stock market spent much of the day wavering between small gains and losses as investors sized up outlooks from several companies ahead of the latest batch of corporate earnings reports. “The heavy load comes in the coming weeks,” said Tim Dreiling, regional investment director for U.S. Bank’s Private Client Reserve. “There’s a little bit of a wait-and-see on what those earnings numbers look like.” The Dow Jones industrial average rose 98.75 points, or 0.5 percent, to 19,954.28. The S&P 500 index added 6.42 points, or 0.3 percent, to 2,275.32. The Nasdaq gained 11.83 points, or 0.2 percent, to 5,563.65. The index has risen every day this year. During a press conference Wednesday morning, Trump said the government has to create new bidding procedures for the pharmaceutical industry “because they’re getting away with murder.” The remarks sent health care stocks broadly lower, particularly pharmaceutical companies. At one point, drugmakers and one prescription drug distributor accounted for the nine biggest losers in the S&P 500. Endo International posted the biggest loss, tumbling $1.30 to $14.01. Perrigo slid $5.77, or 6.9 percent, to $77.88. Mallinckrodt slumped $3.31, or 6.2 percent, to $50.44. Not all drugmakers had a bad day. Merck rose 2.9 percent on news that the Food and Drug Administration will do a quick review of one of the company’s drugs for its potential to treat a type of lung cancer. The stock added $1.71 to $61.63. Big U.S. companies start reporting fourth-quarter earnings this week. On Friday JPMorgan Chase, Wells Fargo and Bank of America release their results. In currency markets, the dollar fell to 115.43 yen from 115.73 yen late Tuesday. The euro rose to $1.0576 from $1.0560. The pound gained ground on the dollar. Please take a second to review our community guidelinesCommunity guidelines Blogs Staff Blogs Home All Politics is Local Blazer Banter Brews in Clark Cannabis Chronicles Clark County Faces Digital Desk Family Room Ghost Stories High School Sports HealthBeat History Political Beat Tailgate Talk Community It's the Fair! Corks and Forks Local+Arts = Community FYI98642 Home Made Gardening with Allen Health Notes Mother Bird Portland Timbers Sated Sensitive Sherri McMillan Small Plates Sugar and Spice Vancouveater more Subscriber Services Contact Us Subscribe Home Delivery Issues Delivery Opportunities Archives e-Edition Tour the e-Edition eNewsletters RSS Help / Submissions Send us a News Tip or Photo Send a Letter to the Editor Submit an Event Have you seen? Clark County History Newspapers in Education Advertise with us Advertising Classifieds Online Jobs Place an Ad Real Estate Community Partnership Neighborhood Beats Battle Ground Camas-Washougal Hazel Dell North County Ridgefield Salmon Creek-Felida Vancouver Community Resources Places of Worship Resource Guide Events Calendar Most Searched Archives Best of Clark County Coupons Clubs and Organizations Death Notices Legal Notices Obituaries Rentals Vital Statistics Weather Connect Facebook Twitter Apps Galleries Videos Digital Services Web Design SEO Visibility Management Search Facebook Twitter YouTube RSS Subscribe Report Bug Privacy Policy Terms of Service Community Guidelines Columbian Publishing Company Careers Copyright 2017 Columbian.com. All rights reserved. Use of this site constitutes acceptance of our user agreement.
continue to article News All Local News Search Last 36 hours Nation + World Environment Politics Justice Polygamy Health Care Education Weather Utah's Right Elevate Empower Utah Legal Notices Sports Utah Jazz RSL Utah Utes BYU Cougars USU Aggies WSU Wildcats Preps Grizzlies Bees Outdoors Winter Sports College Monson Kragthorpe All-time BYU football stats All-time Utes football stats Blogs The Utah Effect Politics UPIN The Cricket TV Jazz Notes U of U Sports BYU Sports Prep Sports RSL Hiking Outdoors & Travel Sundance More Blogs Opinion Editorials Commentary Letters Bagley Cartoon Gehrke Rolly Cannon Kirby Blog: State of the Debate Submit a Letter Faith Religion news LDS Church Faith Blog Entertainment Calendar Film-Finder Movies Restaurants Lifestyle Arts Food Music TV Sundance Shopping Puzzles & Games Comics Horoscopes Cool Stuff The Legacy of Joe Hill I Love videos Whatever Happened To... Special Reports Videos Photo Galleries Utah Bucket List Mormon Rivals Preparing to play Paul Rolly Roast Money Top Workplaces The Realty Show Home Prices Obituaries Jobs Top Employer Top Educator Top Jobs Employment News Employers Post A Job Contact Us Homes Find a Home Find a Realtor Rentals Cars Find a car Browse Dealers Fuel Stop Top Workplaces Top Workplaces Subscribe    Print New Subscription Register for e-Edition Access your e-Edition Print Registration Print Login    sltrib.com Membership Become a Supporting Member Premium Ad-Free Site Login Account Login Member FAQ Toggle navigation News All Local News Search Last 36 hours Nation + World Environment Politics Justice Polygamy Health Care Education Weather Utah's Right Elevate Empower Utah Legal Notices    SPONSORED BY: Sports Utah Jazz RSL Utah Utes BYU Cougars USU Aggies WSU Wildcats Preps Grizzlies Bees Outdoors Winter Sports College Monson Kragthorpe All-time BYU football stats All-time Utes football stats Blogs The Utah Effect Politics UPIN The Cricket TV Jazz Notes U of U Sports BYU Sports Prep Sports RSL Hiking Outdoors & Travel Sundance More Blogs Opinion Editorials Commentary Letters Bagley Cartoon Gehrke Rolly Cannon Kirby Blog: State of the Debate Submit a Letter Faith Religion news LDS Church Faith Blog Entertainment Sundance Calendar Film-Finder Movies Restaurants Lifestyle Arts Food Music TV Shopping Puzzles & Games Comics Horoscopes    SPONSORED BY: Cool Stuff The Legacy of Joe Hill I Love videos Whatever Happened To... Special Reports Videos Photo Galleries Utah Bucket List Mormon Rivals Preparing to play Paul Rolly Roast Money Top Workplaces The Realty Show Home Prices Obituaries Jobs Top Employer Top Educator Top Jobs Employment News Employers Post A Job Contact Us    SPONSORED BY: Homes Find a Home Find a Realtor Rentals    SPONSORED BY: Cars Find a car Browse Dealers Fuel Stop    SPONSORED BY: Top Workplaces Subscribe    Print New Subscription Register for e-Edition Access your e-Edition Print Registration Print Login    sltrib.com Membership Become a Supporting Member Premium Ad-Free Site Login Account Login Member FAQ Home » News Salt Lake City 30 ° Traffic / Ski Report Stories from last 36 hours WWW.SLTRIB.COM JAN 15, 2017 Become a Member | Ad-Free Login Home » News JAN 15, 2017  |  Salt Lake City 30 °  |  Traffic / Ski Report Stories from last 36 hours Become a Member | Ad-Free Login Home » News Become a Member | Ad-Free Login U.S. stocks close higher after much wavering By ALEX VEIGA The Associated Press First Published Jan 11 2017 04:27PM    •    Last Updated Jan 11 2017 04:27 pm FILE - This July 16, 2013, file photo, shows a Wall Street street sign outside the New York Stock Exchange. The major U.S. stock indexes edged higher in early trading Wednesday, Jan. 11, 2017, as investors looked ahead to the start of corporate earnings reports later in the week. Energy stocks led the gainers as crude oil prices headed higher, while phone and real estate stocks lagged the most. (AP Photo/Mark Lennihan, File) FILE - This July 16, 2013, file photo, shows a Wall Street street sign outside the New York Stock Exchange. The major U.S. stock indexes edged higher in early trading Wednesday, Jan. 11, 2017, as investors looked ahead to the start of corporate earnings reports later in the week. Energy stocks led the gainers as crude oil prices headed higher, while phone and real estate stocks lagged the most. (AP Photo/Mark Lennihan, File) Single page Share This Article ARTICLE PHOTO GALLERY (1) Energy companies led U.S. stocks modestly higher Wednesday, nudging the Nasdaq composite to its fifth record-high close in a row. Rising crude oil prices gave energy companies a boost, including oil rig operator Transocean, which rose 4 percent. Traders also bid up shares in utilities. Health care stocks fell after President-elect Donald Trump spoke about the need for the government to stem drug costs by creating new bidding procedures. Pharmaceutical company Endo International led the decliners in the Standard & Poor's 500 index, sliding 8.5 percent. The stock market spent much of the day wavering between small gains and losses as investors sized up outlooks from several companies ahead of the latest batch of corporate earnings reports. VIDEOS TOP JOBS "The heavy load comes in the coming weeks," said Tim Dreiling, regional investment director for U.S. Bank's Private Client Reserve. "There's a little bit of a wait-and-see on what those earnings numbers look like." The Dow Jones industrial average rose 98.75 points, or 0.5 percent, to 19,954.28. The S&P 500 index added 6.42 points, or 0.3 percent, to 2,275.32. The Nasdaq gained 11.83 points, or 0.2 percent, to 5,563.65. The index has risen every day this year. During a press conference Wednesday morning, Trump said the government has to create new bidding procedures for the pharmaceutical industry "because they're getting away with murder." The remarks sent health care stocks broadly lower, particularly pharmaceutical companies. At one point, drugmakers and one prescription drug distributor accounted for the nine biggest losers in the S&P 500. Endo International posted the biggest loss, tumbling $1.30 to $14.01. Perrigo slid $5.77, or 6.9 percent, to $77.88. Mallinckrodt slumped $3.31, or 6.2 percent, to $50.44. Not all drugmakers had a bad day. Merck rose 2.9 percent on news that the Food and Drug Administration will do a quick review of one of the company's drugs for its potential to treat a type of lung cancer. The stock added $1.71 to $61.63. Big U.S. companies start reporting fourth-quarter earnings this week. On Friday JPMorgan Chase, Wells Fargo and Bank of America release their results. "As we look into 2017, we still expect equities are going to be able to grind higher, because we still have enough of an economic push to do that," Dreiling said. "But a move up in equities is going to have to come from earnings, otherwise, these valuations ... look pretty stretched, pretty rich at these levels." Investors had their eye Wednesday on companies that released earnings or forecasts of their upcoming quarterly results. SuperValu slid 7.5 percent after the grocery store operator announced a weak third-quarter profit, partly because of falling food prices. The stock shed 36 cents to $4.43. Traders bid up shares in several companies that projected strong fourth-quarter results. Intuitive Surgical gained $15.96, or 2.4 percent, to $678.16, while medical device maker Stryker added $1.76, or 1.4 percent, to $123.66. Quarterly outlooks from other companies failed to impress investors. Signet Jewelers cut its profit forecast for the fourth quarter and current fiscal year, noting its sales fell 5 percent over the holidays. The stock fell $2.76, or 3.2 percent, to $84.70. » Next page... Single page   Share This Article ARTICLE PHOTO GALLERY VIEW PHOTO GALLERY JOIN THE DISCUSSION     Post a Comment POPULAR STORIES Kirby: Wait'll you see how much the Mormon church pays me How much do top Mormon leaders make? Leaked pay stubs may surprise you. Nate Carlisle: Why are LDS Church documents being leaked now? Whistleblower cases offer some clues | Eddie Long, megachurch pastor accused of sexual misconduct, dies Meet the Utahns going to Washington to celebrate -- and protest -- Trump's inauguration ELEVATE 3 Unforgettable Date Night Ideas   Ririe-Woodbury to Perform ‘Wiggle-Friendly’ Family Matinée as Part of its Winter Season   Contests and Promotions COMMENTS POST A COMMENT      () News All Local News Search Last 36 hours Nation + World RSS Twitter Environment Politics Justice Polygamy Education Weather Utah's Right Elevate Empower Utah Cool Stuff The Legacy of Joe Hill I Love videos Whatever Happened To... Special Reports Videos Photo Galleries Utah Bucket List Mormon Rivals Preparing to play Sports All Sports Olympics TribPreps Utah Jazz Utah Utes BYU Cougars USU Aggies WSU Wildcats College RSL Grizzlies Bees Winter Sports Outdoors Gordon Monson Kurt Kragthorpe All-time BYU football stats All-time Utes football stats Money All Money Top Workplaces Home Prices Blogs All Blogs Politics The Cricket TV Jazz Notes U of U Sports BYU Sports Prep Sports RSL Hiking Sundance Opinion All Opinion Editorials Commentary Letters Bagley Cartoons Gehrke Rolly Cannon Kirby Submit a Letter Faith All Faith LDS Church Religion news Faith Blog Entertainment All Entertainment Calendar Film-Finder Movies Restaurants Lifestyle Arts Food Music TV Sundance Shopping Puzzles & Games Comics Horoscopes Membership Ad-Free Site Login Become a Member Account Login Member FAQ Obituaries Search Obituaries Place an Obituary Marketplace Search Cars Search Homes Search Jobs Search Marketplace Legal Notices Other Services Advertise With Us Subscribe to the Newspaper Access your e-Edition Frequently Asked Questions Contact a newsroom staff member Access the Trib Archives Privacy Policy Missing your paper? Need to place your paper on vacation hold? For this and any other subscription related needs, click here or call 801.204.6100 Copyright @ 2017, The Salt Lake Tribune
Channel NewsAsia Return to Mobile Site Wall Street ends choppy session higher, health lags on Trump comments News TV Connect Watch Live 0 My Playlist Sign In Menu News Asia Pacific Singapore World Business Sport Entertainment Technology Health Lifestyle Videos Weather MORE Photos Special Reports Archives Services PSI Live Shows News Schedule Features On The Ground Specials Facebook Twitter Linkedin YouTube Mobile SMS eNews RSS Return to Mobile Site Business International Business Wall Street ends choppy session higher, health lags on Trump comments U.S. stocks ended higher after a choppy day on Wednesday as energy and technology gains countered a drop in healthcare stocks after President-elect Donald Trump said pharmaceutical companies were "getting away with murder" by charging high prices. Posted 11 Jan 2017 20:30 Updated 12 Jan 2017 05:45 Traders work on the floor of the New York Stock Exchange (NYSE) shortly after the opening bell in New York, U.S., January 9, 2017. REUTERS/Lucas Jackson - RTX2Y5P9 Enlarge Caption  Email More A A NEW YORK: U.S. stocks ended higher after a choppy day on Wednesday as energy and technology gains countered a drop in healthcare stocks after President-elect Donald Trump said pharmaceutical companies were "getting away with murder" by charging high prices. The Nasdaq ended the day with another record closing high after falling as much as 0.5 percent after Trump's first formal news conference since the Nov. 8 election. The S&P 500 healthcare index ended the session down 1 percent after falling as much as 1.9 percent earlier in the day and the Nasdaq biotechnology index sank 2.96 percent, ending a six-day winning streak for both indexes. "When somebody that high profile says something that negative, people do not want to invest in it. They view the sector as uninvestible, and withdraw their money," Brad Loncar, manager of the Loncar Cancer Immunotherapy ETF . However, the sector's pain eased as the session wore on as money managers noted that Trump gave no new specific details on his healthcare proposals, according to Michael Scanlon, portfolio manager at Manulife Asset Management in Boston. He cited the beginning of fourth-quarter earnings season on Friday and Trump's inauguration as President on Jan. 20 as reasons for investor caution. "Portfolio managers have every reason in the world to sit on their hands," said Scanlon. "You put those two factors together and I don't think you're going to see much movement in the market until maybe we get some fireworks on Friday with earnings." The Dow Jones Industrial Average closed up 98.75 points, or 0.5 percent, to 19,954.28, the S&P 500 gained 6.42 points, or 0.28 percent, to 2,275.32 and the Nasdaq Composite added 11.83 points, or 0.21 percent, to 5,563.65.Eight of the 11 major S&P sectors ended the day higher. Energy stocks , ended 1.2 percent higher as crude oil prices rose. The S&P's technology index ended up 0.7 percent, boosted most by Microsoft Corp , Facebook Inc and Apple Inc . The biggest drag on the S&P's healthcare sector was Bristol-Meyers Squibb's with a 5.3 percent decline, after news that Merck & Co. leapfrogged its rivals in the race to combine immunotherapy with other drugs as a treatment for lung cancer. The next-biggest weights on the sector included Johnson & Johnson , with a 1.2 percent drop and Abbvie with a 3.6 percent decline. Advancing issues outnumbered declining ones on the NYSE by a 2.20-to-1 ratio; on Nasdaq, a 1.22-to-1 ratio favored advancers. The S&P 500 posted 20 new 52-week highs and two new lows; the Nasdaq Composite recorded 99 new highs and 18 new lows. About 7.2 billion shares changed hands on U.S. exchanges on Wednesday compared with the 6.57 billion average for the last 20 sessions. (Additional reporting by Chuck Mikolajczak in New York and Yashaswini Swamynathan, Natalie Grover and Tanya Agrawal in Bengaluru; Editing by Savio D'Souza and James Dalgleish) - Reuters Email More YOU MAY ALSO LIKE From Our Website From the Web Happening Now new window view more My Facebook Friends Back To Top JUMP TO Select Section Asia Pacific Singapore World Business Sport Entertainment Technology Health Lifestyle Videos Weather Photos Special Reports Archives Services PSI Navigate to: News TV Connect Watch Live GET OUR APPS iPhone/iPad Android Get Our News Facebook Twitter Linkedin YouTube Mobile SMS eNews RSS News Asia Pacific World Sport Technology Lifestyle Photos Archives Singapore Business Entertainment Health Videos Special Reports TV Live News Schedule Shows Services Weather ADVERTISE WITH US Online Mobile TV Contact Sales Channel NewsAsia Channel News Asia About Us Coverage Hotel Partners Events & Seminars Presenters & Correspondents Contact Us Mediacorp Mediacorp News Group © 2017 About Mediacorp Pte Ltd Terms and Conditions Privacy Policy Back To Top
Toggle navigation Toggle navigation Home Samachar News Finance SPORTS Movies Bawarchi Astrology Videos Gold rates DUBAI GOLD RATES RUPEE Jobs Health Antzill Techtalk Web Sify Search Sify.com Finance Equity US STOCKS-Wall Street ends choppy session higher, health lags on Trump comments US STOCKS-Wall Street ends choppy session higher, health lags on Trump comments Source : Last Updated: Thu, Jan 12, 2017 03:20 hrs Tweet Mail Print * Trump criticism helps snaps six-day rally for health stocks * Energy stocks rise with oil prices after two-day sag * Nasdaq ends with another record closing high * Indexes up: Dow 0.5 pct, S&P 0.28 pct, Nasdaq 0.21 pct (Updates to close, adds commentary) By Sinead Carew NEW YORK, Jan 11 (Reuters) - U.S. stocks ended higher after a choppy day on Wednesday as energy and technology gains countered a drop in healthcare stocks after President-elect Donald Trump said pharmaceutical companies were "getting away with murder" by charging high prices. The Nasdaq ended the day with another record closing high after falling as much as 0.5 percent after Trump's first formal news conference since the Nov. 8 election. The S&P 500 healthcare index ended the session down 1 percent after falling as much as 1.9 percent earlier in the day and the Nasdaq biotechnology index sank 2.96 percent, ending a six-day winning streak for both indexes. "When somebody that high profile says something that negative, people do not want to invest in it. They view the sector as uninvestible, and withdraw their money," Brad Loncar, manager of the Loncar Cancer Immunotherapy ETF. However, the sector's pain eased as the session wore on as money managers noted that Trump gave no new specific details on his healthcare proposals, according to Michael Scanlon, portfolio manager at Manulife Asset Management in Boston. He cited the beginning of fourth-quarter earnings season on Friday and Trump's inauguration as President on Jan. 20 as reasons for investor caution. "Portfolio managers have every reason in the world to sit on their hands," said Scanlon. "You put those two factors together and I don't think you're going to see much movement in the market until maybe we get some fireworks on Friday with earnings." The Dow Jones Industrial Average closed up 98.75 points, or 0.5 percent, to 19,954.28, the S&P 500 gained 6.42 points, or 0.28 percent, to 2,275.32 and the Nasdaq Composite added 11.83 points, or 0.21 percent, to 5,563.65. Eight of the 11 major S&P sectors ended the day higher. Energy stocks, ended 1.2 percent higher as crude oil prices rose. The S&P's technology index ended up 0.7 percent, boosted most by Microsoft Corp , Facebook Inc and Apple Inc. The biggest drag on the S&P's healthcare sector was Bristol-Meyers Squibb's with a 5.3 percent decline, after news that Merck & Co. leapfrogged its rivals in the race to combine immunotherapy with other drugs as a treatment for lung cancer. The next-biggest weights on the sector included Johnson & Johnson, with a 1.2 percent drop and Abbvie with a 3.6 percent decline. Advancing issues outnumbered declining ones on the NYSE by a 2.20-to-1 ratio; on Nasdaq, a 1.22-to-1 ratio favored advancers. The S&P 500 posted 20 new 52-week highs and two new lows; the Nasdaq Composite recorded 99 new highs and 18 new lows. About 7.2 billion shares changed hands on U.S. exchanges on Wednesday compared with the 6.57 billion average for the last 20 sessions. (Additional reporting by Chuck Mikolajczak in New York and Yashaswini Swamynathan, Natalie Grover and Tanya Agrawal in Bengaluru; Editing by Savio D'Souza and James Dalgleish) SEARCH More from Sify: gold rate silver rate   Cities   Price (10g)   Gold Rate in Chennai   Rs. 26820.00 (0%)   Gold Rate in Mumbai   Rs. 27170.00 (0.93%)   Gold Rate in Delhi   Rs. 26900.00 (0%)   Gold Rate in Kolkata   Rs. 26290.00 (0%)   Gold Rate in Kerala   Rs. 25850.00 (0%)   Gold Rate in Bangalore   Rs. 26250.00 (0.57%)   Gold Rate in Hyderabad   Rs. 26920.00 (0.37%) more   Cities   Price (1 kg)   Silver Rate in Chennai   Rs. 39345.00 (-0.01%)   Silver Rate in Mumbai   Rs. 39345.00 (-0.01%)   Silver Rate in Delhi   Rs. 39345.00 (-0.01%)   Silver Rate in Kolkata   Rs. 39345.00 (-0.01%)   Silver Rate in Kerala   Rs. 39345.00 (-0.01%) more talking point on sify finance About Us Data Center Cloud Computing Servers Cloud Applications Hosting MPLS VPN Network Services Disclaimer Privacy Policy Careers Feedback Advertise Digital © Copyright Sify Technologies Ltd, 1998-2016. All rights reserved
  Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Wires Home My Profile Logout Login Feedback DailyMail NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad US STOCKS-Wall Street ends choppy session higher, health lags on Trump comments By Reuters Published: 16:37 EST, 11 January 2017 | Updated: 16:37 EST, 11 January 2017 e-mail By Sinead Carew NEW YORK, Jan 11 (Reuters) - U.S. stocks ended higher after a choppy day on Wednesday as energy and technology gains countered a drop in healthcare stocks after President-elect Donald Trump said pharmaceutical companies were "getting away with murder" by charging high prices. The Nasdaq ended the day with another record closing high after falling as much as 0.5 percent after Trump's first formal news conference since the Nov. 8 election. The S&P 500 healthcare index ended the session down 1 percent after falling as much as 1.9 percent earlier in the day and the Nasdaq biotechnology index sank 2.96 percent, ending a six-day winning streak for both indexes. "When somebody that high profile says something that negative, people do not want to invest in it. They view the sector as uninvestible, and withdraw their money," Brad Loncar, manager of the Loncar Cancer Immunotherapy ETF. However, the sector's pain eased as the session wore on as money managers noted that Trump gave no new specific details on his healthcare proposals, according to Michael Scanlon, portfolio manager at Manulife Asset Management in Boston. He cited the beginning of fourth-quarter earnings season on Friday and Trump's inauguration as President on Jan. 20 as reasons for investor caution. "Portfolio managers have every reason in the world to sit on their hands," said Scanlon. "You put those two factors together and I don't think you're going to see much movement in the market until maybe we get some fireworks on Friday with earnings." The Dow Jones Industrial Average closed up 98.75 points, or 0.5 percent, to 19,954.28, the S&P 500 gained 6.42 points, or 0.28 percent, to 2,275.32 and the Nasdaq Composite added 11.83 points, or 0.21 percent, to 5,563.65. Eight of the 11 major S&P sectors ended the day higher. Energy stocks, ended 1.2 percent higher as crude oil prices rose. The S&P's technology index ended up 0.7 percent, boosted most by Microsoft Corp , Facebook Inc and Apple Inc. The biggest drag on the S&P's healthcare sector was Bristol-Meyers Squibb's with a 5.3 percent decline, after news that Merck & Co. leapfrogged its rivals in the race to combine immunotherapy with other drugs as a treatment for lung cancer. The next-biggest weights on the sector included Johnson & Johnson, with a 1.2 percent drop and Abbvie with a 3.6 percent decline. Advancing issues outnumbered declining ones on the NYSE by a 2.20-to-1 ratio; on Nasdaq, a 1.22-to-1 ratio favored advancers. The S&P 500 posted 20 new 52-week highs and two new lows; the Nasdaq Composite recorded 99 new highs and 18 new lows. About 7.2 billion shares changed hands on U.S. exchanges on Wednesday compared with the 6.57 billion average for the last 20 sessions. (Additional reporting by Chuck Mikolajczak in New York and Yashaswini Swamynathan, Natalie Grover and Tanya Agrawal in Bengaluru; Editing by Savio D'Souza and James Dalgleish) Share or comment on this article e-mail Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article. Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail     DON'T MISS 'It's a huge shock': Binky Felstead reveals she is expecting her first baby with on/off co-star Josh Patterson... but they're 'still not officially together' PICTURE EXCLUSIVE Kourtney Kardashian, 37, wears a sheer bra for late-night rendezvous with former flame Justin Bieber, 22 'I was on the verge of a breakdown' : Olly Murs' mother reveals her heartache that son Ben has disowned the family over X Factor row Katy Perry debuts dramatic blonde dye-job as she surprise Orlando Bloom with a secret 40th birthday bash in Palm Springs Scarlet siren! Myleene Klass flaunts her enviably toned figure in skimpy red bikini as she goes body-boarding during exotic family getaway in Sri Lanka 'He's so proud of her': Danniella Westbrook set to appear on Loose Women with son Kai as she continues comeback following cocaine relapse Lewis Hamilton turns heads in bright yellow hoodie while arriving at LAX... as 'Valtteri Bottas' switch from Williams to Mercedes is set to be clarified' Paris Hilton flaunts her slender waist and endless legs in gold-embroidered LBD as she attends Milan Men's Fashion Week  'Show us the chopper!': Chloe Ferry demands Jamie O'Hara flashes his manhood... as Kim Woodburn and James Cosmo blast her 'gross' behaviour 'I'm gutted with myself!': CBB's James Jordan apologises to Jamie O'Hara after 'mugging him off' by calling him a 'washed-up footballer' Blac Chyna only has eyes for Rob Kardashian as the couple pack on the PDA for a flight to NYC The pair looked besotted at JFK airport Sunday 'We didn't go out of our way to keep it secret': Katherine Kelly reveals she has given birth to a second child called Rose after keeping pregnancy under wraps Baby and me! Olivia Wilde snuggles her newborn protectively as she enjoys a brisk walk in frosty Brooklyn Daisy in tow for the Sunday stroll Elizabeth Hurley, 51, looks incredibly youthful in blue midi dress with cross-shoulder detail as she attends Milan Men's Fashion Week Have Ellen DeGeneres and wife Portia de Rossi found an Australian home? Talk show host and actress request an inspection of $5.8 million Victoria mansion  'I can't work out whether it's amazing, genius or the worst episode I've seen!': Sherlock fans go wild over 'gory' series finale  New John le Carre spy drama for TV: BBC to follow up success of The Night Manager with adaptation of The Spy Who Came In From The Cold  'I have literally nothing to hide': Fitspo star Kayla Itsines opens up about the benefits of her drink and drug-free lifestyle as she poses for stunning shoot in Vogue Australia Josie Gibson winces as she suffers a nasty fall during training for The Jump in Austria... as Eddie 'The Eagle' Edwards is 'AXED from disaster-prone show for voicing safety concerns 'I still have a hangover!' Rebecca Judd complains about her 'rough day' after partying at the Portsea Polo as she laments about returning to work  'You're a fat slob!': CBB's Kim Woodburn and James Jordan become embroiled in a furious row with the cleaner claiming 'no one can stomach him'  Married at last? Sonia Kruger, 51 sparks speculation she has wed long-term partner Craig McPherson after stepping out while sporting a ring on THAT finger Wet 'n' wild! Alessandra Ambrosio displays her flawless physique in very tiny black bikini as she enjoys a dip in the sea in Brazil PICTURE EXCLUSIVE Kristin Cavallari relaxes in a bikini as she hires a yacht to celebrate Jay Cutler's 30th With their three young children Getting pizza all over her frock, 'shooing away' a cocktail waitress and interrupting interviews: Nicole Kidman's 'bizarre behaviour' at the Golden Globes revealed One piece wonder! Kelly Bensimon, 49, flaunts her figure in sexy black one piece with hip side cutouts Proved you don't need a bikini to look sexy Tamara Ecclestone shares cute pictures of her daughter Sophia, 2, showing off her skiing skills before enjoying a pony ride in Gstaad Enjoying Switzerland Making a stellar appearance! Nicole Richie snuggles up in star-spangled unicorn onesie at pyjama party Held hands with rocker husband, Joel Madden Dressed down Kylie Jenner giggles as she enjoys a night out at a burger joint with boyfriend Tyga She's notan expensive date. A royal faux pas? The Crown's Matt Smith spotted smoking 'suspicious looking cigarette' outside a London pub while on a night out with pals  Moving Swift-ly on? Giggling Tom Hiddleston is spotted bidding farewell to a mystery brunette during evening stroll back in London 'Mariah's filled with regret over James': Carey has 'reached out' to ex-fiance Packer to help her brand recover after New Year's Eve lip-syncing saga Church time! Gwen Stefani is a model mum in plaid as she attends worship services with her three sons Headed to church in Los Angeles on Sunday 'She's finally happy again': Cassandra Thorburn is willing to forgive ex-husband Karl Stefanovic and move on following their high profile split Hidden Figures counts up $20.5 million as it holds on to top spot at the box office for a second weekend About mathematicians who helped NASA put John Glenn into space  The reality of Instagram! Pia Muehlenbeck's hilarious before and after shots reveal what REALLY happens when models try to take the perfect beach shot 'Pajama jammy jam!' Kourtney Kardashian cuddles up to Kim's bestie Chrissy Teigen at Cash Warren's star-studded PJ party 'I will be ok!' Priyanka Chopra updates fans after dangerous fall on Quantico set left her with concussion Left hospitalised after a nasty fall  'I left the hospital looking 5 months pregnant': Peta Murgatroyd says 'real life' means female bodies don't just shrink back into shape Former TOWIE star Abi Clarke flaunts her eye-popping assets as she goes braless in extreme plunging playsuit and thigh-highs on night out She's got a lot of cheek! Bikini clad Holly Hagan flaunts her perky derriere in sizzling belfies during romantic breakaway to Thailand 'She's like my wife!' Amanda Peet describes relationship with BFF Sarah Paulson as 'intense and visceral' after THAT Golden Globes red carpet kiss 'I don't want to be at the centre of attention': Amanda Seyfried opens up about her upcoming wedding to Thomas Sadoski as she stuns in Prada on the cover of Vogue Australia Shedding for the wedding? Bonnie Sveen reveals her dramatic slim-down amid rumours her boyfriend Nathan Gooley is ready to pop the question Ariana Grande showcases her slender pins in sexy Instagram to promote her Dangerous Woman Tour Sultry shot of herself donning a black unitard 'Fastest retirement in history': Steven Jacobs returns to Today's weather segment less than two months after departing to live in Vanuatu 'Back in action': Yolanda Hadid shares behind the scenes shot as she joins daughter Gigi on Tommy Hilfiger shoot 'Causing trouble with him': Louise Thompson flaunts her toned body in yet ANOTHER workout video with beau Ryan Libbey... as she claims she's gained weight on holiday 'If I don't get a husband after this...': Jessica Wright embodies Christina Aguilera in raunchy leather chaps on new show Dance Dance Dance Is the sun setting on Sam and Kochie? Sunrise co-host David Koch 'wants Armytage replaced with Edwina Bartholomew' as ratings battle with Today Show's Karl and Lisa heats up Always camera ready! Jennifer Lopez turns shopping trip into a modelling shoot as she poses against a wall   Jennifer Lopez doesn't do casual. 'A bit of graft and willpower': Vicky Pattison shows off her incredibly toned figure in a sexy orange bikini at health retreat in Portugal after vowing to lose 10lbs 2DayFM 'under fire' after it's revealed new 'Sydney' breakfast show will be broadcast from Melbourne after Sam Frost and Rove McManus get dumped Amanda Seyfried shows off her bump in a grey sweater on outing with fiancé Thomas Sadoski Confirmed her first pregnancy in November 'No greater blessing than family!' Ciara's boy supports stepdad Russell Wilson's team... while his birth father Future backs the other side She's back! Kim Kardashian is her old self again as she sits astride a buggy and poses with a falcon on Dubai modelling shoot 'They're speaking all the time': Blake Garvey has been a 'shoulder to cry on' for Sam Frost following Bachelorette's split from Sasha Mielczarek Bikini-clad Billie Lourd holds hands with Taylor Lautner on sunshine break after the death of mother Carrie Fisher Mourning her mother and grandmother They played in Chelsea! Frankie Bridge celebrates her 27th birthday with retired footballer husband Wayne  Tina Fey pays tribute to Carrie Fisher as she appears in hologram form on Saturday Night Live Admitted she was 'nervous' about the gig Three generations of Beckham! David returns to Old Trafford with son Cruz and dad Ted as the trio watch Manchester United take on Liverpool 'Of course it's f*****g good to challenge your audience!' Sherlock creator Mark Gatiss slams fans who find the show confusing... and tells them to 'go read a children's book' 'Pound Shop today Harrods tomorrow!' Katie Price wraps up in a cosy designer ensemble during cut-price weekend shopping trip Looking bootyful! Kim Kardashian shows off her shapely rear in a form fitting white dress She's officially back at work, with a whirlwind tour of Dubai. 'Spray tan lyfe!' Ashley Graham strips down to her bikini as she flaunts her freshly tanned figure The plus-size stunner is a positive body image activist Prince George 'WON'T attend the same school as his father as Kate and William opt for smaller, more discreet pre-prep closer to Kensington Palace'  So good it's criminal! Busty Lauren Goodger flaunts her hourglass curves in saucy selfie... after supporting violent rap song penned by jailbird boyfriend's brother Before she shot to fame: Nicola McLean totes rifle as teen army cadet in newly-unveiled snaps... as pal Maria Fowler insists Tom Williams won't leave her over CBB flirting It's Kueen Kim! Kardashian is treated to a dance display as she gets the royal welcome in Dubai Now she knows how Kate Middleton feels EXCLUSIVE! Jessica Cunningham 'pretended she was sick' in order to ditch an online chat show deal at the last minute to enter the Big Brother house PJ-clad Jessica Alba plays beer pong at husband Cash Warren's birthday bash Also included a clip of designer Rachel Zoe engaging in the  sport Louise Thompson shows off her toned and tanned body in ANOTHER sun-soaked bikini snap on  break with boyfriend Ryan Libbey 'You just don't feel sexy!' The Hills star Audrina Patridge dishes on her love life after birth of baby daughter Kirra Thrill seeker! Ariel Winter squeals with delight as she takes her niece to Disneyland on her sixth birthday She was treating her to a day out Very cheeky! Chloe Madeley flashes her round posterior in racy grey swimsuit as she shares saucy belfie Flaunted her toned physique  Bare-faced beauty! Chloe Moretz keeps it casual in ripped sweatshirt and leggings Actress proved she doesn't need make-up or fancy clothes Getting fruity! Mollie King larks around with a pair of oranges in a skimpy bikini showing off her tanned flat stomach on holiday in Jamaica 'She's evil!': Scotty T slams 'thick' Geordie Shore co-star Chloe Ferry... after she left viewers DISGUSTED with her raunchy CBB antics Beefcake in Milan! Paris Hilton cosies up to muscle-bound models at Plein Sport runway show The reality TV icon later DJed the Sesto Sento Club in Lonato Former Corrie actress Katie Redford lands a new role on Archers after being axed from soap for lying about her age Axed two years ago She's got a lot of cheek! Bikini clad Holly Hagan flaunts her perky derriere and ample assets in sizzling selfie during sun soaked trip to Thailand He doesn't do things by halves! Rocco Ritchie can't contain his laughter as he breaks his skateboard in two while out and about in London MIC's Nicola Hughes puts on a leggy display in a chic olive dress as she enjoys a night out on the town Fun for all the family! Vanessa Paradis and new boyfriend Samuel Benchetrit appear downcast as they take Lily Rose Depp for a day of shopping in Paris Some helping hands! Blac Chyna heads to the mall with TWO nannies to help look after son King Cairo and baby Dream 'You're a very handsome man, aren't you?' CBB's Chloe Ferry flirts up a storm with bemused Calum Best... and offers to flash her VAGINA to everyone Christina Milian flaunts her ample cleavage in a saucy ensemble as she parties with BFF Karrueche Tran Thigh-grazing latex mini skirt 'She is smitten': Amber Heard said to be besotted with billionaire Elon Musk... as she prepares for 'new chapter' following Johnny Depp divorce Booty and the beach! Shirtless Gaz Beadle gets VERY tactile with bikini-clad girlfriend Emma McVey as he cheekily gropes her bum during romantic Emirates break The Apprentice's Frances Bishop displays her endless curves and perky posterior in skimpy bikini during sun soaked break to Dubai  Suki Waterhouse flaunts her tanned and toned physique in a skimpy bikini as she jogs along the beach in Mexico Went for a run along the Mayan Riviera Scarlett Moffatt highlights her dramatically slimmed down frame in a plunging floral minidress after making appearance on Sunday Brunch Plaid to see you! Pregnant Natalie Portman covers her large baby bump in a stylish checked jacket as she goes for leisurely park stroll Actress Emily Watson insists middle-aged sexuality is 'ignored' as she takes on new role as a cheating mother in racy BBC thriller  X Factor winner Matt Terry gets a kiss from a male pal as he enjoys a night out... after revealing Freddy Parker is moving out of their bachelor pad Lindsay Lohan cuts a chic figure in a quirky dog print co-ord as she enjoys a night out with a male friend in Milan   She's currently holidaying in one of the world's most stylish cities It's Compl-Ex! Danielle Bux grabs lunch with former husband-turned pal Gary Lineker in LA as they continue their budding friendship... then joins new man Nate Greenwald for dinner Lily James cuts a concerned figure as she talks anxiously on the phone...after boyfriend Matt Smith is spotted 'smoking suspicious cigarette'  Scarlett Moffatt looks slimmer than ever in all black ensemble as she hits the town with mum Betty... after fans urged 'gaunt' star to stop losing weight Shock for Harry's girl: Meghan Markle's BROTHER is arrested and charged with holding a gun to a woman's head 'in row during late night drinking session at his flat' Prince William will give up his career as a helicopter pilot to become a full-time royal as Queen hands over duties Girls' shopping trip! Katie Holmes takes daughter Suri Cruise to children's clothing store in LA Spotted on Saturday enjoying a bit of weekend quality time Mariah Carey sports plunging LBD as she and toyboy Bryan Tanaka step out in London Displayed her figure in a form-fitting dress  Pretty in pink! Lindsay Lohan steps out in sexy silky ensemble in Milan The 30-year-old former wild-child was spotted looking pretty in pink as she left her hotel in Milan PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Victoria Beckham wraps up in winter white polo neck as she enjoys girly day shopping with daughter Harper Back from the Maldives Sylvester Stallone's daughters Sophia, 20, and Sistine, 18, sizzles in coordinating black ensembles alongside their mother Jennifer at star-studded Dolce & Gabbana party Hunky dory: Hollywood heartthrobs Chris Hemsworth and Matt Damon catch up over dinner in LA with Chris' wife Elsa Pataky Blac Chyna in the red? Star threatened with lawsuit for $3million in 'unpaid fees' as 'longtime managers' claim she 'cut them out' of lucrative deals Gwen Stefani's ex-husband, Daisy Lowe's father, the singer from Bush, and now the coach contestants don't really want...Gavin Rossdale joins The Voice UK, by Jim Shelley Heard what James said? Pierce Brosnan looks stern during press conference... after chatshow host Corden labels him 'rudest' celebrity Sid Owen celebrates his 45th birthday by partying in London with pals including Jade Jones and Leigh Francis  Progress report! Justin Bieber checks in on protégé Madison Beer over dinner at trendy Catch LA BBC brands its OWN show 's**t' in awkward Twitter blunder as they retweet Let It Shine criticism  Danielle Lloyd snuggles up to fiancé Michael O'Neill on night out... as she admits to being a 'crazy b***h' after online trolls began targeting her when ex Jamie O'Hara entered CBB Why I never let Claudia Winkleman look in the mirror as a child: The Strictly host's mother EVE POLLARD says it's the best thing you can do for your daughters  'The day my world became complete': Stephanie Davis posts first adorable snap of baby boy... 'after revealing she'll name  son after stranger who chatted her up' 'Love on the sand': Photoshop enthusiast Natasha Oakley puts on a loved up display with beau Gilles Souteyrand  as she continues to holiday in the Caribbean Pajama party! Chrissy Teigen and John Legend rock ridiculous chicken themed onesies in hilarious snaps Georgia May Foote cosies up to new boyfriend George Alsford in a series of sunny snaps from romantic holiday Lisa Rinna, 53, sizzles in skintight leather trousers alongside her model daughter Delilah, 18, as they dine in LA 'Starting to see the results and it feels so good!' Jennifer Ellison reveals her slimmer physique after losing more than a stone in ONE month Actress Lily Collins: 'My famous surname made me work harder' Drummer's daughter was top of screen legend Warren Beatty's casting list for latest film 'Sometimes I can't breathe': Danielle Lloyd claims she has panic attacks and is 'too frightened' to leave the house due to trolling since ex Jamie O'Hara  appeared on CBB Bottoms up! Kirsten Dunst flaunts her toned pins and perky derriere in skintight denims as she hides her jaw-dropping engagement ring in LA 'When she's had a few drinks, she's crazy': CBB's Jamie O'Hara slams ex-wife Danielle Lloyd as he claims she's 'absolutely crackers' on a night out Eagle-eyed fans point out embarrassing EastEnders gaffe... as Mick Carter celebrates his 40th birthday on the WRONG date Fierce fashion instincts! Mandy Moore rocks chic animal print gown at Elle's Women in Television honors Pink throws daughter Willow Sage celebratory 'big sister party' as she lovingly cradles newborn son Jameson Moon Victoria Beckham 'takes legal action to block Spice Girls reunion'... as Geri Horner announces she's leaving GEM to focus on her family' 'It's nice to feel you've got support!' One Direction's Louis Tomlinson praises former bandmate Zayn Malik as he wins two nominations at 2017 BRIT Awards Spellbinding! Jessica Biel shows off her shapely legs in cut-out skirt as she attends premiere party for Just Add Magic EXCLUSIVE: ITV stalwarts Phillip Schofield and Holly Willoughby can't contain their laughter as they join glamorous Lorraine Kelly in new promo Kim Kardashian's former bodyguard breaks his silence on Paris robbery and says he's 'not avoiding anything' about the heist or WHY he was sacked 'I trained her like an athlete': Khloe Kardashian's trainer spills the secrets behind the star's enviable body - including countless squats, 'sled pushing' and intense boxing Beach bum! Instagram sensation Pia Muehlenbeck flaunts pert posterior and ample assets oceanside 'I wish R.I.P. meant Return If Possible': Celine Dion unveils powerful new a cappella song in tribute to late husband Rene one year after his death 'It's an uphill struggle': Sienna Miller reveals she hasn't filmed a movie for a year claiming there 'aren't many great roles for women' Run Daniel, run! James Bond star Craig makes a dash for it through the busy streets to make it to the New York Theater in time for his performance in Othello Make-up free Kate Hudson bundles up in all black with red cap as she steps out with Kurt Russell in Beverly Hills 'When you have a rare cappuccino': Ronan Keating's pregnant wife Storm sips on coffee as she heads into her third trimester in a matter of weeks 'Thanks Uncle Snoop!' Miley Cyrus poses by a marijuana bar at weed-themed birthday party for boyfriend Liam Hemsworth Lamar Odom says the first he knew of his near fatal drugs overdose was waking up to find Khloé Kardashian at his side in hospital Sneak peak interview 'Bringin' the 80's back!' Lauren Pope flaunts her pert derriere in sizzling neon swimsuit as she enjoys Dubai holiday with new Geordie Shore beau Aaron Chalmers Pregnant Billie Faiers displays her blossoming baby bump in black bikini after jetting to Dubai for her 27th birthday celebration Brad Pitt looks relaxed as he hangs out with Sting and Chris Cornell at star-studded EB disease benefit in Malibu 'Current mood': Naomi Watts shares flashack photo of herself as a bored schoolgirl in Brides of Christ as she complains about being on set past midnight  'You're in the wrong, just shut up!' Kim Woodburn throws EPIC tantrum after Geordie Shore's Chloe Ferry 'soaks' her by jumping into the CBB hot tub Move over sisters! Kendall Jenner steals the Kardashian spotlight with racy HEADLESS bikini selfie that forces followers to check out her body Orange you glad she came! Shailene Woodley sizzles in vibrant statement coat at star-studded Elle's Women in Television bash 'I heard nothing and saw everything!' Twitter goes wild as Roxanne Pallett's actor ex strips off to reveal his rippling muscles after making it through on Let It Shine Love is in the air! Matthew McConaughey looks casually cool in a stylish camel coat as he and wife Camilla Alves jet over to New York City 'She was her enemy': Elizabeth Taylor 'disliked' Sophia Loren as she feared the siren could steal love Richard Burton away, new book claims 'I'm gutted!': Emma Willis reveals disappointment over Austin Armacost's shock eviction from CBB... as show bosses face backlash for his awkward exit GIRL ABOUT TOWN: Is Sheridan Smith pregnant? The 35-year-old actress is seen regularly rubbing her stomach while singing Selena Gomez and The Weeknd's romance didn't break the friend code with Bella Hadid... because 'they're only acquaintances' GIRL ABOUT TOWN: Harry and Meghan are set to slope off for a romantic break... but poor old William may miss his Alpine adventure with Kate  'Grooming day!': Jenna Dewan Tatum shows off flawless make-up free face during futuristic-like skin session From Hollywood to Bollywood! Ruby Rose reveals she has ambitions to cut it in Asian market Classic colors! Reese Witherspoon and Nicole Kidman shine in black and white ensembles at Elle's Women in Television celebration 'HAPPY Z DAY'! Taylor Swift celebrates Zayn Malik's birthday by teasing their Fifty Shades Darker music video Spot the rock! Kate Mara sports a large ring glinting on her left hand as it emerges that she is engaged to Fantastic Four co-star Jamie Bell Another baby on the way! Jeff Goldblum, 64, is expecting second child with wife Emilie Livingston, 33 Announcement on Instagram 'They're giving things another go': Stevi Ritchie and Chloe-Jasmine Whichello 'are back together'... four months after calling off their engagement 'My babies': Blac Chyna cuddles up to her nine-week-old daughter Dream and four-year-old son King Cairo in sweet Instagram video Getting ready for Washington DC! Caitlyn Jenner grabs a coffee as she prepares for her appearance at Donald Trump's inauguration Well-dressed in coral Seeking comfort from her sister! Bella Hadid visits Gigi in snowy New York after her ex The Weeknd is spotted kissing Selena Gomez Knowles... Run The World! Sisters Beyonce and Solange go head-to-head as they compete for Best International Female Solo Artist 2017 BRIT Award Bit awkward? Little Mix's Perrie Edwards and ex-fiance Zayn Malik will battle it out for best British single at the 2017 BRIT Awards  Nominations announced Transgender singer Anohni bags nomination for Best British Female at 2017 BRIT Awards... eleven years after she was up for Best British Male White hot! Hailey Baldwin shows off her taut tummy wearing white mesh in stunning retro swimsuit shots Sultry in series of solo posts on Instagram Sofia Richie flaunts lace bra and washboard abs in coordinated tracksuit as she attends Moschino Milan fashion show with Paris Hilton Back in a skintight minidress! Kim Kardashian is curvy in a cream number as she continues touring Dubai after $1,600 makeup masterclass She's back! Mandy Moore returns as Rapunzel in new Tangled: Before Ever After trailer Back in the gym! Ashley Graham kicks off 2017 with workout clip as she keeps her generous curves in check after a month-long holiday Nicola McLean reveals she no longer wears her wedding ring after hubby Tom Williams cheated... while Danielle Lloyd continues their feud on Twitter Let's get cracking! James Jordan and Jedward cause chaos as they break into the main house and egg the kitchen on Celebrity Big Brother 'I did advise': Brian Blessed warned George Lucas about Jar Jar Binks when filming Phantom Menace... and insists Alec Guinness did not hate Star Wars Riding high in Dubai! Kim Kardashian goes for dune buggy ride then plays with a falcon during busy UAE trip Ditches mini for a black top and maroon slacks Get the kid a psychologist': Jeremy McConnell appears bleary eyed as he parties with pals in Thailand as ex Stephanie Davis gives birth to a son 'Working on the bumper!' Vogue Williams displays her peachy posterior in skimpy bodysuit as she continues to train for The Jump 'This is begging for a pun!' Fans get smutty as Katie Price shares snap of hairless cat Dobbi perching on her behind during EIGHTH bum lift  Let one take a selfie! Prince Andrew and ex-wife Sarah Ferguson send out VERY unusual royal thank you cards to well-wishers over Christmas  GIRL ABOUT TOWN: So Royals do carry cash - and wear on-trend trainers! Stylish Duke of Kent, 81, withdraws wads of £20 notes near his Kensington Palace home  Here we go again! Pregnant Geri Horner 'quits Spice Girls reunion and leaves the group for the second time to focus on her family'  Priorities changed Brooklyn Beckham's former flame Sonia Ben Ammar looks effortlessly stylish as she walks for Dolce & Gabbana alongside Sofia Richie at Milan Men's Fashion Week EXCLUSIVE: MIC's Lucy Watson shows off toned and tanned figure skimpy pink bikini as she hits the beach in Barbados with hunky boyfriend James Dunmore 'You're right it does look like a penis!' Cheeky chap Tom Hardy laughs about his phallic signature as he signs autographs at LAX 'Things have to change': Reese Witherspoon nearly breaks down in tears as she talks importance of representing women on screen 'We're very, very close friends': Nicole Kidman looks lovely in dusty rose dress as she discusses bond with fellow actress Reese Witherspoon Picture purr-fect! Bella Thorne shows off her perfectly toned flat midriff while posing with her cat in makeup-free Snapchat photo New mum Rebekah Vardy leaves hospital alongside her father after welcoming baby boy with England striker Jamie Vardy Picture of health Mad about plaid! Melissa McCarthy, 46, shows off thinner frame in bright pantsuit as she reacts to Gilmore Girls' shocking conclusion Channing Tatum and wife Jenna Dewan coordinate in baseball hats with jeans while running errands with daughter Everly, three The BBC treated Only Fools and Horses stars as 'poor relations', claims Del Boy David Jason as he reveals why he's returned to our screens at 76 Her favorite role! Cate Blanchett gets back to mom duty during break from Broadway's The Present as she's bundled up with her kids in NYC 'He will always be in our hearts': Celine Dion pays tribute to late husband on first anniversary of his death with video full of flashback photos Dakota Fanning returns to TV for upcoming period thriller The Alienist ...15 years after her last regular series role on the small screen 'Be who you are': Paris Hilton flashes side boob in daring dress while sharing inspiring message after being spotted with mystery man in Mexico Head Start to Home Cooked Get Recipes more SHARE PICTURE Copy link to paste in your message Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Network This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Contributors Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
Channel NewsAsia Return to Mobile Site US stocks gain despite Trump hit to pharma News TV Connect Watch Live 0 My Playlist Sign In Menu News Asia Pacific Singapore World Business Sport Entertainment Technology Health Lifestyle Videos Weather MORE Photos Special Reports Archives Services PSI Live Shows News Schedule Features On The Ground Specials Facebook Twitter Linkedin YouTube Mobile SMS eNews RSS Return to Mobile Site Business International Business US stocks gain despite Trump hit to pharma US stocks finished higher on Wednesday (Jan 11) following a volatile session, with strong gains by energy shares offsetting the hit to the pharmaceutical sector following criticism by President-elect Donald Trump. Posted 12 Jan 2017 05:38 Updated 12 Jan 2017 05:50 Traders work on the floor of the New York Stock Exchange. (Photo: AP/Richard Drew) Enlarge Caption  Email More A A NEW YORK: US stocks finished higher on Wednesday (Jan 11) following a volatile session, with strong gains by energy shares offsetting the hit to the pharmaceutical sector following criticism by President-elect Donald Trump. Pharma shares quickly nosedived after Trump accused the industry of "getting away with murder" in offshoring production capacity and overcharging for drugs. He said he would push to change the bidding procedures for drugs. Pfizer fell 1.9 per cent, Celgene 2.3 per cent and Mylan 4.3 per cent, while Bristol-Myers fell 5.3 per cent. But those losses were countered by solid gains by petroleum-linked stocks after oil prices advanced. Apple and some other technology shares also pushed higher. The market is "bullish and hopeful that the new administration and Congress can deliver these new plans right away," said Jack Ablin, chief investment officer at BMO Private Bank. The Dow Jones Industrial Average rose 98.75 points (0.50 per cent) to end at 19,954.28. The broad-based S&P 500 advanced 6.42 points (0.28 per cent) to 2,275.32, while the tech-rich Nasdaq Composite Index gained 11.83 points (0.21 per cent) to 5,563.65, another record. Merck bucked the tide among pharma companies, jumping 2.9 per cent on news the Food and Drug Administration accepted for review the drug giant's treatment for metastatic lung cancer. United Continental advanced 2.0 per cent after it released December performance estimates that bested expectations due to improved booking. American Airlines rose 0.3 per cent after it said improved results in December had boosted its fourth-quarter estimate for revenue per passenger mile travelled. Ford shed 1.4 per cent after it confirmed that it expects about US$10.2 billion in pre-tax 2016 profits. It said it expects "continued strong performance in 2017." - AFP/ec Email More YOU MAY ALSO LIKE From Our Website From the Web Happening Now new window view more My Facebook Friends Back To Top JUMP TO Select Section Asia Pacific Singapore World Business Sport Entertainment Technology Health Lifestyle Videos Weather Photos Special Reports Archives Services PSI Navigate to: News TV Connect Watch Live GET OUR APPS iPhone/iPad Android Get Our News Facebook Twitter Linkedin YouTube Mobile SMS eNews RSS News Asia Pacific World Sport Technology Lifestyle Photos Archives Singapore Business Entertainment Health Videos Special Reports TV Live News Schedule Shows Services Weather ADVERTISE WITH US Online Mobile TV Contact Sales Channel NewsAsia Channel News Asia About Us Coverage Hotel Partners Events & Seminars Presenters & Correspondents Contact Us Mediacorp Mediacorp News Group © 2017 About Mediacorp Pte Ltd Terms and Conditions Privacy Policy Back To Top
× We hope you have enjoyed your complimentary access for the month. Already a subscriber? Click on the button below to set up your account or log in if you already have one. Want to become a subscriber? Purchase a digital-only subscription now for unlimited online access to local news and information. Digital-only Access Unlimited Access to: lacrossetribune.com mobile web and mobile apps e-replica edition of printed newspaper Digital-only access only $12.00/mo Current Subscriber? Set up your account Log In Current Subscriber? Set up Account You are the owner of this article. Edit Article Add New Article Sign Up Log In Dashboard Logout My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout Subscribe Customer Service Sections News Nation/world Wisconsin Minnesota Iowa Business Sports Area high schools Area colleges La Crosse Loggers Auto racing Badgers Outdoors Scoreboard Weather Opinion Letters to the editor Submit a letter Obituaries Calendar of events Entertainment Puzzles & Games Dining Lifestyles Advice Health Home & garden Food Travel Celebrations Submit a Celebration Anniversaries Births Birthdays Congratulations Engagements Misc Thank You Weddings River Valley Media Group Onalaska Holmen Courier-Life Coulee News Houston County News Vernon County Broadcaster Westby Times Tomah Journal Jackson County Chronicle Winona Daily News Chippewa Herald Dunn County News Buy & Sell Business Directory Car Soup Real estate Jobs Classifieds Place an Ad Weekly Ads e-Edition Activate your subscription Jobs Contact Us Toggle navigation Menu Search Search Log In Using Your Account Log In Don't have an account? Sign Up Today My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout 26° La Crosse, WI (54601) Today A mix of frozen precipation late. Tonight Mostly cloudy with periods of light freezing rain after midnight. Low 19F. Winds light and variable. Chance of precip 40%. Updated: January 15, 2017 @ 7:15 pm Full Forecast News Sports Obituaries Opinion Buy & Sell Close Mark Lennihan FILE - This July 16, 2013, file photo, shows a Wall Street street sign outside the New York Stock Exchange. The major U.S. stock indexes edged higher in early trading Wednesday, Jan. 11, 2017, as investors looked ahead to the start of corporate earnings reports later in the week. Energy stocks led the gainers as crude oil prices headed higher, while phone and real estate stocks lagged the most. (AP Photo/Mark Lennihan, File) AP Asian shares mixed after Trump offers scant policy details By EILEEN NG Associated Press Updated Jan 11, 2017 0 Mark Lennihan FILE - This July 16, 2013, file photo, shows a Wall Street street sign outside the New York Stock Exchange. The major U.S. stock indexes edged higher in early trading Wednesday, Jan. 11, 2017, as investors looked ahead to the start of corporate earnings reports later in the week. Energy stocks led the gainers as crude oil prices headed higher, while phone and real estate stocks lagged the most. (AP Photo/Mark Lennihan, File) KUALA LUMPUR, Malaysia (AP) — Asian shares were mixed Thursday following President-elect Donald Trump's press conference. Trump offered scant details on policies, disappointing investors hoping for a clearer sense of his plans for trade and economic stimulus. KEEPING SCORE: Japan's benchmark Nikkei 225 shed 0.9 percent to 19,192.76. Hong Kong's Hang Seng dipped 0.1 percent to 22,916.85, and the Shanghai Composite was also down 0.1 percent at 3,133.80. Australia's S&P/ASX 200 added 0.2 percent to 5,784.40 and South Korea's Kospi gained 0.3 percent at 2,080.39. Shares in Southeast Asia were mostly higher. WALL STREET: The Nasdaq hit a fifth record-high close in a row, gaining 11.83 points, or 0.2 percent, to 5,563.65. The Dow Jones industrial average rose 98.75 points, or 0.5 percent, to 19,954.28. The S&P 500 index added 6.42 points, or 0.3 percent, to 2,275.32. TRUMP NEWS: Trump's first news conference in nearly six months was an anti-climax, with scant details on his plans for infrastructure spending and tax reforms. Trump attacked U.S. intelligence services and big pharmaceutical companies, instead of outlining his platform. His comment that the government should change bidding procedures for the pharmaceutical industry "because they're getting away with murder," drove health care stocks lower THE QUOTE: "It is what he didn't mention - fiscal stimulus — that worries market participants. The U.S. dollar rally was based on the assumption that Trump's administration will push through a massive infrastructure building and fiscal stimulus package, which will lead to higher inflation in the future," said Margaret Yang Yan, market analyst with CMC Markets in Singapore. "The slump in the U.S. dollar index last night indicated that assumption is now unwinding because the president-elect never even mentioned that key word 'stimulus'." ENERGY: Benchmark crude oil dipped 8 cents to $52.17 a barrel. It rose $1.43, or 2.8 percent, to close at $52.25 a barrel in New York on Wednesday. Brent crude, which is used to price oil sold internationally, fell 2 cents to $55.08. CURRENCIES: The dollar fell to 114.74 yen from 115.43 on Wednesday. The euro rose to $1.0603 from $1.0576. Get breaking news sent instantly to your inbox Sign Up! LaCrosseTribune.com Breaking News Obituaries I understand and agree that registration on or use of this site consitutes agreement to its user agreement and privacy policy. Tags Wire Business General News Currency Markets Oil And Gas Industry Debt And Bond Markets Financial Markets Leading Economic Indicators Economy Corporate Stock Corporate News Stock Markets Energy Industry Commodity Markets Pharmaceutical Manufacturing Health Care Reform Health Care Industry Financial Performance Political Issues Government And Politics Health Care Policy Government Policy Economic Policy Government Business And Finance × Post a comment Emoticons [smile] [beam] [wink] [sad] [cool] [innocent] [rolleyes] [whistling] [lol] [huh] [tongue] [love] [sleeping] [yawn] [unsure] [angry] [blink] [crying] [ohmy] [scared] [sleep] [sneaky] [tongue_smile] [thumbdown] [thumbup] [censored] [happybirthday] [ban] [spam] [offtopic] [batman] [ninja] [pirate] [alien] Comment Text Cancel Post comment × Report Cancel Report Abuse × Watch this discussion. Stop watching this discussion. Get an email notification whenever someone contributes to the discussion Notifications from this discussion will be disabled. Cancel Start watching Stop watching View (0) comments (0) comments Welcome to the discussion. Log In Keep it Clean. Please avoid obscene, vulgar, lewd, racist or sexually-oriented language. PLEASE TURN OFF YOUR CAPS LOCK. Don't Threaten. Threats of harming another person will not be tolerated. Be Truthful. Don't knowingly lie about anyone or anything. Be Nice. No racism, sexism or any sort of -ism that is degrading to another person. Be Proactive. Use the 'Report' link on each comment to let us know of abusive posts. Share with Us. We'd love to hear eyewitness accounts, the history behind an article. Post a comment Watch this discussion. Stop watching this discussion. loading... POPULAR IN THIS SECTION APNewsBreak: Ringling Bros. circus to close after 146 years US midsection grapples with pesky ice storm; more on way More freezing rain hits portion of central US Rock slide closes 2 miles of Zion National Park scenic drive Immigrant groups to rally against Trump's planned crackdown Business Directory Latest Local Offers Winona Leasing & Sales In search of a rental service for your moving, hauling or recreational needs? Come to Winona Leasing today! Visit us at 1777 W. Service Drive, Winona, MN or call us at (507)-454-3671! Updated Jan 9, 2017 Rod's Ride On Powersports Did you know Rod's Ride On Powersports has a bargain section for parts and accessories? Click here to learn more! 608-788-4514 Updated Jan 11, 2017 ≫ today's question Which month is your favorite? You voted: January February March April May June July August September October November December Vote View Results Back ≫ things to do Jan 15 Omelette breakfast Sun, Jan 15, 2017 @ 8:00 am Jan 15 Faith-based sexuality class Sun, Jan 15, 2017 @ 10:00 am Jan 15 Simple Roots with Pigtown Fling String Band Sun, Jan 15, 2017 @ 12:30 pm Jan 15 Women of the Moose bingo Sun, Jan 15, 2017 @ 1:00 pm Jan 15 Bingo Sun, Jan 15, 2017 @ 3:00 pm Jan 15 Bingo Sun, Jan 15, 2017 @ 2:00 pm Click here for more events Submit your event More Jobs Top Jobs Job Board 30517695.pdf 30521183.pdf Bulletin Local Business Search local business directory I'm looking for: Located near: Hint: Enter a keyword that you are looking for like tires, pizza or doctors or browse the full business directory. View local offers Local Businesses La Crescent Insurance 205 N Chestnut St Suite 101, La Crescent, WI 55947 St Charles Assisted Living In 402 W 4th St, St Charles, MN 55972 Freighthouse Restaurant 107 Vine Street, La Crosse, WI 54601 151 Hair Company 151 Sand Lake Rd, Onalaska, WI 54650 Currents Football NFL Divisional Round: Predicting each matchup +40 Election 2016 Live Photos: Melania Trump through the years Election 2016 Live QUIZ: How well do you know Donald Trump? Today's Birthdays, Jan. 13: Rip Taylor Today In History, Jan. 13: Costa Concordia Today’s top pics: Europe in deep freeze and more Your daily 6: New homes for Don Draper ... and the San Diego Chargers DeMar DeRozan scores 23 points, Raptors rout Knicks 116-101 Curry, Warriors ready for another Cavs rematch Seahawks go into offseason dejected at another missed chance Bazemore, Dunleavy pick up offense, Hawks beat Bucks TODAY'S TOP VIDEO Video: Officials spell out inauguration security plans Video: Oregon zoo animals frolic in the snow Video: Study finds lower mortality risk for ‘weekend warriors’ Video: Ruby seadragon filmed for the first time News and Features Obituaries Business Entertainment Lifestyles News Opinion Sports River Valley Business Report Online Features Buy & Sell Advertise with Us Buy & Sell Car Soup Real estate Jobs Classifieds Celebrations Shop Local Businesses River Valley Media Group La Crosse Tribune Onalaska Holmen Courier-Life Coulee News Houston County News Vernon County Broadcaster Westby Times Tomah Journal Jackson County Chronicle Winona Daily News Chippewa Herald Dunn County News Print and digital advertising © Copyright 2017 La Crosse Tribune, 401 N. Third Street La Crosse, WI | Terms of Use | Privacy Policy Advertise with Us www.RVMG.biz
e-Edition Obituaries Special Sections Special Occasions Subscribe Paywall Login Login to Comment Register January 15th, 2017 Menu Home News Sports Business Entertainment Classifieds Life Commentary Contact Local News Provincial News National News World News US stock indexes veer slightly higher in afternoon trading Poll Do you agree with the Supreme Court decision that Alberta’s energy regulator has immunity from being sued? Yes No View Results  Loading ... Follow @LethHerald on twitter By Alex Veiga, The Associated Press on January 11, 2017. FILE - This July 16, 2013, file photo, shows a Wall Street street sign outside the New York Stock Exchange. The major U.S. stock indexes edged higher in early trading Wednesday, Jan. 11, 2017, as investors looked ahead to the start of corporate earnings reports later in the week. Energy stocks led the gainers as crude oil prices headed higher, while phone and real estate stocks lagged the most. (AP Photo/Mark Lennihan, File) The major U.S. stock indexes veered slightly higher in late-afternoon trading after spending much of the day wavering between small gains and losses. Energy stocks led the gainers as crude oil prices closed higher. Health care stocks were down the most after President-elect Donald Trump said the government needs to overhaul how it buys drugs from pharmaceutical companies. KEEPING SCORE: The Dow Jones industrial average was up 68 points, or 0.3 per cent, to 19,923 as of 3:22 p.m. Eastern Time. The Standard & Poor’s 500 index added 3 points, or 0.1 per cent, to 2,272. The Nasdaq composite index gained 5 points, or 0.1 per cent, to 5,557. The Nasdaq has closed at a record high the past four days in a row. THE QUOTE: The stock indexes have been drifting between small gains and losses for much of the day, likely because investors are looking ahead to the next wave of corporate earnings reports, which kick off Friday, noted Tim Dreiling, regional investment director for U.S. Bank’s Private Client Reserve. “The heavy load comes in the coming weeks,” Dreiling said. “There’s a little bit of a wait-and-see on what those earnings numbers look like.” TRUMP FACTOR: During a press conference Wednesday morning, Trump said the government has to create new bidding procedures for the pharmaceutical industry “because they’re getting away with murder.” The remarks sent health care stocks broadly lower. Several pharmaceutical companies slumped, with Endo International falling 7.6 per cent, the biggest decliner in the S&P 500. The stock slid $1.16 to $14.15. Perrigo lost $6.33, or 7.6 per cent, to $77.33. Mallinckrodt tumbled $3.24, or 6 per cent, to $50.51. UNAPPETIZING RESULTS: SuperValu slid 7.1 per cent after the grocery store operator announced a weak third-quarter profit, partly because of falling food prices. The stock shed 34 cents to $4.45. SALES SLUMP: Signet Jewelers fell 3.5 per cent after the company cut its profit forecast for the fourth quarter and current fiscal year. Signet said its total sales fell 5 per cent over the holidays, citing technical problems at its e-commerce business. The stock fell $3.09 to $84.37. DISAPPOINTING FORECAST: Auto parts supplier BorgWarner was down 1.7 per cent after it issued a profit and sales forecast that fell short of what Wall Street was anticipating. The stock shed 69 cents to $40.08. FASTER IS BETTER: Drugmaker Merck rose 2.3 per cent on news that the Food and Drug Administration will do a quick review of one of the company’s drugs for its potential to treat a type of lung cancer. The stock added $1.41 at $61.33. HEALTHY OUTLOOK: Intuitive Surgical gained 2.4 per cent after the robotic surgical systems maker delivered a strong fourth-quarter sales forecast. The stock rose $15.86 to $678.06. EARNINGS SEASON: Big U.S. companies start reporting fourth-quarter earnings this week. On Friday JPMorgan Chase, Wells Fargo and Bank of America release their results. Still, investors had their eye on a few companies that released quarterly results Wednesday. MARKETS OVERSEAS: Germany’s DAX rose 0.5 per cent, while France’s CAC 40 was essentially flat. Britain’s FTSE 100 gained 0.2 per cent. In Asia, a strong earnings forecast from Samsung Electronics helped drive gains on the South Korean stock market, where the Kospi added 1.5 per cent and hit its highest close in over a year. Japan’s benchmark Nikkei 225 rose 0.3 per cent. Australia’s S&P/ASX 200 added 0.2 per cent. Hong Kong’s Hang Seng gained 0.8 per cent. ENERGY: Benchmark U.S. crude rose $1.43, or 2.8 per cent, to close at $52.25 a barrel in New York. Brent crude, which is used to price oil sold internationally, gained $1.46, or 2.7 per cent, at $55.10 a barrel in London. In other energy trading, wholesale gasoline added 5 cents to $1.59 a gallon and heating oil rose 4 cents to $1.65 a gallon. Natural gas futures slipped 5 cents to $3.22 per 1,000 cubic feet. BONDS: Bond prices rose. The yield on the 10-year Treasury note fell to 2.37 per cent from 2.38 per cent late Tuesday. CURRENCIES: The pound continued to weaken amid concern that Britain might break off completely from the European Union’s single market. The currency was trading at $1.2201, up from $1.2163 the day before. The dollar fell to 115.49 yen from 115.73 yen late Tuesday. The euro rose to $1.0575 from $1.0560. METALS: The price of gold rose $11.10 to $1,196.60 an ounce. Silver slipped 2 cents to $16.83 an ounce. Copper was little changed at $2.61 a pound. 000000 000000 Leave a Reply Click here to cancel reply. You must be logged in to post a comment. More ways to get to us Facebook Twitter YouTube ePaper Login Subscribe Subscription Services Archive About Us The Lethbridge Herald Other Publications Food For Thought Contact Careers Contact the Lethbridge Herald 504 - 7th Street South Lethbridge, AB T1J 3Z7 [P] (403) 328-4411 [F] (403)328-4536 Print Advertising: (403) 328-4410 National Advertising: (403) 380-7585 Online Advertising: (403) 380-7585 Classifieds: (403) 328-4433 © 1996-2017 The Lethbridge Herald, A Division of Continental Newspapers Canada Ltd. Advertising Terms and Conditions & Privacy Policy
Want up-to-the- minute news? Sign up for HAMODIA'S Breaking News Emails* *You can select which emails you'd like to receive. Go × Home | Archive | Advertise | Subscribe | About Us | Contact Us י"ח טבת תשע"ז   |   Sunday, January 15, 2017 Hamodia - The daily newspaper of torah jewry Subscribe to the Hamodia print edition Sections Business Tech World Regional Israel Community National Politics Op-Ed Features Letters Classifieds Business U.S. Stock Indexes Edge Mostly Lower in Afternoon Trading U.S. Stock Indexes Edge Mostly Lower in Afternoon Trading Wednesday, January 11, 2017 at 3:52 pm | י"ג טבת תשע"ז (AP) - A steep slide in pharmaceutical companies pulled U.S. stock indexes mostly lower in afternoon trading Wednesday. The health care sector slumped after President-elect Donald Trump said the government needs to overhaul how it buys drugs from pharmaceutical companies. Energy companies rose the most as crude oil prices headed higher. KEEPING SCORE: The Dow Jones Industrial Average was up 42 points, or 0.2 percent, to 19,898 as of 2:10 p.m. Eastern Time. The Standard & Poor’s 500 index slid 1 point, or 0.1 percent, to 2,267. The Nasdaq composite index fell 14 points, or 0.3 percent, to 5,537. The Nasdaq has closed at a record high the past four days in a row. TRUMP FACTOR: During a press conference Wednesday morning, Trump said the government has to create new bidding procedures for the pharmaceutical industry “because they’re getting away with murder.” The remarks sent health care stocks broadly lower. Several pharmaceutical companies slumped, with Endo International falling 9.1 percent, the biggest decliner in the S&P 500. The stock slid $1.40 to $13.91. Perrigo fell $6.31, or 7.5 percent, to $77.34. Mallinckrodt tumbled $3.84, or 7.1 percent, to $49.91. UNAPPETIZING RESULTS: SuperValu slid 7.5 percent after the grocery store operator announced a weak third-quarter profit, partly because of falling food prices. The stock fell 36 cents to $4.43. SALES SLUMP: Signet Jewelers fell 3.9 percent after the company cut its profit forecast for the fourth quarter and current fiscal year. Signet said its total sales fell 5 percent over the holidays, citing technical problems at its e-commerce business. The stock fell $3.45 to $84.01. DISAPPOINTING FORECAST: Auto parts supplier BorgWarner was down 1.7 percent after it issued a profit and sales forecast that fell short of what Wall Street was anticipating. The stock shed 71 cents to reach $40.07. FASTER IS BETTER: Drugmaker Merck rose 2.1 percent on news that the Food and Drug Administration will do a quick review of one of the company’s drugs for its potential to treat a type of lung cancer. The stock rose $1.25 to $61.17. HEALTHY OUTLOOK: Intuitive Surgical gained 2.1 percent after the robotic surgical systems maker delivered a strong fourth-quarter sales forecast. The stock rose $13.98 to $676.18. EARNINGS SEASON: Big U.S. companies start reporting fourth-quarter earnings this week. On Friday JPMorgan Chase, Wells Fargo and Bank of America release their results. Still, investors had their eye on a few companies that released quarterly results Wednesday. MARKETS OVERSEAS: Germany’s DAX rose 0.5 percent, while France’s CAC 40 was essentially flat. Britain’s FTSE 100 gained 0.2 percent. In Asia, a strong earnings forecast from Samsung Electronics helped drive gains on the South Korean stock market, where the Kospi added 1.5 percent and hit its highest close in over a year. Japan’s benchmark Nikkei 225 rose 0.3 percent. Australia’s S&P/ASX 200 added 0.2 percent. Hong Kong’s Hang Seng gained 0.8 percent. ENERGY: Benchmark U.S. crude was up $1.74, or 3.4 percent, at $52.56 a barrel in New York, having lost $1.14 the day before. Brent crude, which is used to price oil sold internationally, was up $1.80, or 3.4 percent, at $55.44 a barrel in London. BONDS: Bond prices rose. The yield on the 10-year Treasury note fell to 2.35 percent from 2.38 percent late Tuesday. CURRENCIES: The pound continued to weaken amid concern that Britain might break off completely from the European Union’s single market. The currency was trading at $1.2226, down from $1.2163 the day before. The dollar fell to 114.74 yen from 115.73 yen late Tuesday. The euro rose to $1.0595 from $1.0560. METALS: The price of gold rose $11.10 to $1,196.60 an ounce. Silver slipped 2 cents to $16.83 an ounce. Copper was little changed at $2.61 a pound. Filed under: Markets Print Email Gmail Related U.S. Stock Indexes Edge Lower in Afternoon Trading US Stock Indexes Veer Lower in Afternoon Trading; Oil Up U.S. Stock Indexes Shift Mostly Higher in Afternoon Trading U.S. Stock Indexes Move Higher in Afternoon Trading U.S. Stock Indexes Move Higher in Afternoon Trading; Oil Up More in Business Wells Fargo Quarterly Earnings Fall in Wake of Bogus-Accounts Scandal Lockheed CEO Tells Trump Company Will Add 1,800 F-35 Jobs in Fort Worth Tax Filers Claiming Earned Income Tax Credit to Face Refund Delay This Year AUTO REVIEW: 2017 Genesis G90 Flagship Sedan Carves Out a Spot for Modest Luxury Nasdaq Hits Record; Bank Earnings Validate Wall St. Rally OP-ED A ‘Good Relationship’ With Russia Shouldn’t Be Trump’s Priority Don’t Defund the U.N. — Find Other Ways to Help Israel The Zeal to Repeal When Words Sprout Wings P.M. Netanyahu’s Delaying Tactics on Shabbos Great People in Our Midst Hypocritic Oath Searching for Answers Cold War Relic, Present Day Threat President Obama’s Foreign Policy Was Error After Error The Horrific Florida Shooting Russia Hacking Report is an Indictment of Obama, Not Trump Trump Has Made a Smart Choice for Education Secretary A Hate March and The Reaction It Elicited Features Can Wealth and Torah Go Together? Parashat Vayechi Mishmeres HaSholom: Ask the Rav This Day In History 15 Teves/January 13 For the Boys Editorial Cartoon – January 13, 2017 Nichum Aveilim 15 Teves/January 13 Sudoku – January 13, 2017 הרה”ק רבי חיים שמואל מחענטשין זי”ע Sudoku – January 12, 2017 This Day In History 14 Teves/January 12 Nichum Aveilim 14 Teves/January 12 Mild Meat Don’t Let Detox Diets Deceive You Weather » Brooklyn 36°F Clear See more locations » Stocks » NASDAQ 5,574.12 +26.63 (+0.48%) S&P 500 2,274.64 +4.20 (+0.18%) See more stocks » Currency » EUR 0.9409 GBP 0.8307 ILS 3.8184 CHF 1.0099 See more currencies » Got a news tip, picture or story to share? Contribute Sections Business Markets Technology World Regional Israel Community National Op-Ed Features Resources Weather Currency Stocks Zmanim Shiurim Simchas Readers Subscribe Letters Archives Classifieds Company Advertise Privacy Policy Terms of Use About Us Contact Us ➧
e-Edition Obituaries Photo Gallery Magazines Scholarships News Crew Parteners Paywall Login Login to Comment Register January 15th, 2017 Menu Home News Sports Business Entertainment Classifieds Life Commentary Contact Local News Provincial News National News World News US stock indexes veer slightly higher in afternoon trading Poll Do you own a gun? Yes No View Results  Loading ... @MedicineHatNews Follow Us By Alex Veiga, The Associated Press on January 11, 2017. FILE - This July 16, 2013, file photo, shows a Wall Street street sign outside the New York Stock Exchange. The major U.S. stock indexes edged higher in early trading Wednesday, Jan. 11, 2017, as investors looked ahead to the start of corporate earnings reports later in the week. Energy stocks led the gainers as crude oil prices headed higher, while phone and real estate stocks lagged the most. (AP Photo/Mark Lennihan, File) 00000 The major U.S. stock indexes veered slightly higher in late-afternoon trading after spending much of the day wavering between small gains and losses. Energy stocks led the gainers as crude oil prices closed higher. Health care stocks were down the most after President-elect Donald Trump said the government needs to overhaul how it buys drugs from pharmaceutical companies. KEEPING SCORE: The Dow Jones industrial average was up 68 points, or 0.3 per cent, to 19,923 as of 3:22 p.m. Eastern Time. The Standard & Poor’s 500 index added 3 points, or 0.1 per cent, to 2,272. The Nasdaq composite index gained 5 points, or 0.1 per cent, to 5,557. The Nasdaq has closed at a record high the past four days in a row. THE QUOTE: The stock indexes have been drifting between small gains and losses for much of the day, likely because investors are looking ahead to the next wave of corporate earnings reports, which kick off Friday, noted Tim Dreiling, regional investment director for U.S. Bank’s Private Client Reserve. “The heavy load comes in the coming weeks,” Dreiling said. “There’s a little bit of a wait-and-see on what those earnings numbers look like.” TRUMP FACTOR: During a press conference Wednesday morning, Trump said the government has to create new bidding procedures for the pharmaceutical industry “because they’re getting away with murder.” The remarks sent health care stocks broadly lower. Several pharmaceutical companies slumped, with Endo International falling 7.6 per cent, the biggest decliner in the S&P 500. The stock slid $1.16 to $14.15. Perrigo lost $6.33, or 7.6 per cent, to $77.33. Mallinckrodt tumbled $3.24, or 6 per cent, to $50.51. UNAPPETIZING RESULTS: SuperValu slid 7.1 per cent after the grocery store operator announced a weak third-quarter profit, partly because of falling food prices. The stock shed 34 cents to $4.45. SALES SLUMP: Signet Jewelers fell 3.5 per cent after the company cut its profit forecast for the fourth quarter and current fiscal year. Signet said its total sales fell 5 per cent over the holidays, citing technical problems at its e-commerce business. The stock fell $3.09 to $84.37. DISAPPOINTING FORECAST: Auto parts supplier BorgWarner was down 1.7 per cent after it issued a profit and sales forecast that fell short of what Wall Street was anticipating. The stock shed 69 cents to $40.08. FASTER IS BETTER: Drugmaker Merck rose 2.3 per cent on news that the Food and Drug Administration will do a quick review of one of the company’s drugs for its potential to treat a type of lung cancer. The stock added $1.41 at $61.33. HEALTHY OUTLOOK: Intuitive Surgical gained 2.4 per cent after the robotic surgical systems maker delivered a strong fourth-quarter sales forecast. The stock rose $15.86 to $678.06. EARNINGS SEASON: Big U.S. companies start reporting fourth-quarter earnings this week. On Friday JPMorgan Chase, Wells Fargo and Bank of America release their results. Still, investors had their eye on a few companies that released quarterly results Wednesday. MARKETS OVERSEAS: Germany’s DAX rose 0.5 per cent, while France’s CAC 40 was essentially flat. Britain’s FTSE 100 gained 0.2 per cent. In Asia, a strong earnings forecast from Samsung Electronics helped drive gains on the South Korean stock market, where the Kospi added 1.5 per cent and hit its highest close in over a year. Japan’s benchmark Nikkei 225 rose 0.3 per cent. Australia’s S&P/ASX 200 added 0.2 per cent. Hong Kong’s Hang Seng gained 0.8 per cent. ENERGY: Benchmark U.S. crude rose $1.43, or 2.8 per cent, to close at $52.25 a barrel in New York. Brent crude, which is used to price oil sold internationally, gained $1.46, or 2.7 per cent, at $55.10 a barrel in London. In other energy trading, wholesale gasoline added 5 cents to $1.59 a gallon and heating oil rose 4 cents to $1.65 a gallon. Natural gas futures slipped 5 cents to $3.22 per 1,000 cubic feet. BONDS: Bond prices rose. The yield on the 10-year Treasury note fell to 2.37 per cent from 2.38 per cent late Tuesday. CURRENCIES: The pound continued to weaken amid concern that Britain might break off completely from the European Union’s single market. The currency was trading at $1.2201, up from $1.2163 the day before. The dollar fell to 115.49 yen from 115.73 yen late Tuesday. The euro rose to $1.0575 from $1.0560. METALS: The price of gold rose $11.10 to $1,196.60 an ounce. Silver slipped 2 cents to $16.83 an ounce. Copper was little changed at $2.61 a pound. 00000 Leave a Reply Click here to cancel reply. You must be logged in to post a comment. More ways to get to us Twitter Facebook Instagram YouTube Tumblr ePaper Login Subscribe Archive About Us The Medicine Hat News Other Publications Contact Careers Contact the Medicine Hat News 3257 Dunmore Rd SE Medicine Hat, AB T1B 3R2 [P] 403.527.1101 [F] 403.528.5696 Contact Careers Print Advertising: 403.528.5659 National Advertising: 403.528.5766 Online Advertising: 403.528.5698 Classifieds: 403.526.7653 © 1996-2017 The Medicine Hat News, A Division of Continental Newspapers Canada Ltd. Advertising Terms and Conditions & Privacy policy
Asian shares mixed after Trump offers scant policy details - CBS46 News Member Center: Create Account| Log In Manage Account| Log Out SITE SEARCHWEB SEARCH BY Local News Crime Cobb DeKalb Fulton Gwinnett Other Counties Georgia Politics US and World News North Georgia drought and wildfires Traffic Gas Prices Web Links News Tips WeatheRate & 3° Guarantee 7-Day Forecast Hourly Forecast Weekend Forecast Photo Friday Current Temperatures Interactive Map Live Radar Weather Maps Daily Pollen Count Weather Cams with Radar School Closings Download the CBS46 Weather App Photos CBS46 Live Stream Watch CBS Shows Metro Atlanta HD Live Look Cams Better Call Harry Videos Ticket Tuesday Positively Georgia CBS46 Cares Books to Kids Events Atlanta Falcons Atlanta Braves Atlanta Hawks SEC College Sports News Meet the Staff Program Schedule Watch CBS Shows Peachtree TV CBS46 Deals Job openings Internships Contests Closed Captioning Connect With CBS46 Print Asian shares mixed after Trump offers scant policy details Posted: Wednesday, January 11, 2017 10:23 AM EST Updated: Wednesday, January 11, 2017 10:13 PM EST NationalMore>> Central US Ice storm falls short of dire forecasts Central US Ice storm falls short of dire forecasts Updated: Sunday, January 15 2017 8:36 PM EST2017-01-16 01:36:37 GMT A third wave of sleet and drizzle could hit parts of the central U.S. on the eve of the holiday, and temperatures threaten to stay near or below freezing and add to the treacherous mix.More > Sleet and drizzle glazed swaths of the central U.S. on Sunday, extending icy weather that some meteorologists acknowledged fell short of dire forecasts.More > Thousands rally to resist Republican health law repeal drive Thousands rally to resist Republican health law repeal drive Updated: Sunday, January 15 2017 8:06 PM EST2017-01-16 01:06:17 GMT Thousands of people are showing up for a rally in suburban Detroit where U.S. Sen. Bernie Sanders will speak in support of President Barack Obama's signature health care law.More > Thousands of people showed up in freezing temperatures on Sunday in Michigan to hear Sen. Bernie Sanders denounce Republican efforts to repeal President Barack Obama's health care law, one of dozens of rallies...More > PBS: No 'red flag' on funding under Trump, but it's early PBS: No 'red flag' on funding under Trump, but it's early Updated: Sunday, January 15 2017 7:56 PM EST2017-01-16 00:56:15 GMT PBS is waiting, but not quietly, to see what the Trump administration's impact on public broadcasting and its federal funding may be, PBS chief executive Paula Kerger said.More > PBS is waiting, but not quietly, to see what the Trump administration's impact on public broadcasting and its federal funding may be, PBS chief executive Paula Kerger said.More > 3 Nevada Democrats want ex-senator statue out of US Capitol 3 Nevada Democrats want ex-senator statue out of US Capitol Updated: Sunday, January 15 2017 3:36 PM EST2017-01-15 20:36:11 GMT Three Democratic congressional representatives are asking state lawmakers to act to remove a statue of former Nevada senator from the U.S. Capitol's Statuary Hall, alleging that he left a "legacy of racism,...More > Three Democratic congressional representatives are asking state lawmakers to act to remove a statue of former Nevada senator from the U.S. Capitol's Statuary Hall, alleging that he left a "legacy of racism,...More > Love it or hate it, people have opinions on the circus Love it or hate it, people have opinions on the circus Updated: Sunday, January 15 2017 3:26 PM EST2017-01-15 20:26:04 GMT Reaction to news that the Ringling Bros. and Barnum & Bailey Circus was closing after 146 years - from saddened celebrities to elated animal rights advocates - flew as fast as a flying trapeze.More > Reaction to news that the Ringling Bros. and Barnum & Bailey Circus was closing after 146 years - from saddened celebrities to elated animal rights advocates - flew as fast as a flying trapeze.More > Chicago police officer fatally shoots fleeing gunman Chicago police officer fatally shoots fleeing gunman Updated: Sunday, January 15 2017 12:15 PM EST2017-01-15 17:15:58 GMT A police officer confronted by a fleeing gunman suspected of shooting three people fatally shot the man early Sunday, Chicago police said.More > A police officer confronted by a fleeing gunman suspected of shooting three people fatally shot the man early Sunday, Chicago police said.More > The Latest: Kansas, Missouri, Oklahoma deal with icy weather The Latest: Kansas, Missouri, Oklahoma deal with icy weather Updated: Sunday, January 15 2017 11:46 AM EST2017-01-15 16:46:58 GMT The Latest on ice storms in the central U.S. (all times local):More > The Latest on ice storms in the central U.S. (all times local):More > Nowhere left to run away to: The final days of the circus Nowhere left to run away to: The final days of the circus Updated: Sunday, January 15 2017 10:45 AM EST2017-01-15 15:45:59 GMT Goodbye to death-defying feats - daring young men (and women) on the flying trapeze, whip-wielding lion tamers, human cannonballs. Goodbye to the scent of peanuts and popcorn, the thrill of three rings, the jaunty...More > Goodbye to death-defying feats - daring young men (and women) on the flying trapeze, whip-wielding lion tamers, human cannonballs. Goodbye to the scent of peanuts and popcorn, the thrill of three rings, the jaunty...More > Quaker group marks centennial with 'Waging Peace' exhibit Quaker group marks centennial with 'Waging Peace' exhibit Updated: Sunday, January 15 2017 8:25 AM EST2017-01-15 13:25:54 GMT The American Friends Service Committee is celebrating 100 years of nonviolent activism with an exhibition, "Waging Peace," that showcases the group's accomplishments while also illustrating work that remains to...More > The American Friends Service Committee is celebrating 100 years of nonviolent activism with an exhibition, "Waging Peace," that showcases the group's accomplishments while also illustrating work that remains to be done.More > Secret WWI telegram holds lessons for today, historians say Secret WWI telegram holds lessons for today, historians say Updated: Sunday, January 15 2017 8:16 AM EST2017-01-15 13:16:59 GMT In a secret telegram a century ago, Germany tried to get Mexico to join its side during World War I by offering it territory in the United States. Britain intercepted, deciphered and shared the "Zimmermann Telegram."More > In a secret telegram a century ago, Germany tried to get Mexico to join its side during World War I by offering it territory in the United States. Britain intercepted, deciphered and shared the "Zimmermann Telegram."More >    By EILEEN NG Associated Press KUALA LUMPUR, Malaysia (AP) - Asian shares were mixed Thursday following President-elect Donald Trump's press conference. Trump offered scant details on policies, disappointing investors hoping for a clearer sense of his plans for trade and economic stimulus. KEEPING SCORE: Japan's benchmark Nikkei 225 shed 0.9 percent to 19,192.76. Hong Kong's Hang Seng dipped 0.1 percent to 22,916.85, and the Shanghai Composite was also down 0.1 percent at 3,133.80. Australia's S&P/ASX 200 added 0.2 percent to 5,784.40 and South Korea's Kospi gained 0.3 percent at 2,080.39. Shares in Southeast Asia were mostly higher. WALL STREET: The Nasdaq hit a fifth record-high close in a row, gaining 11.83 points, or 0.2 percent, to 5,563.65. The Dow Jones industrial average rose 98.75 points, or 0.5 percent, to 19,954.28. The S&P 500 index added 6.42 points, or 0.3 percent, to 2,275.32. TRUMP NEWS: Trump's first news conference in nearly six months was an anti-climax, with scant details on his plans for infrastructure spending and tax reforms. Trump attacked U.S. intelligence services and big pharmaceutical companies, instead of outlining his platform. His comment that the government should change bidding procedures for the pharmaceutical industry "because they're getting away with murder," drove health care stocks lower THE QUOTE: "It is what he didn't mention - fiscal stimulus - that worries market participants. The U.S. dollar rally was based on the assumption that Trump's administration will push through a massive infrastructure building and fiscal stimulus package, which will lead to higher inflation in the future," said Margaret Yang Yan, market analyst with CMC Markets in Singapore. "The slump in the U.S. dollar index last night indicated that assumption is now unwinding because the president-elect never even mentioned that key word 'stimulus'." ENERGY: Benchmark crude oil dipped 8 cents to $52.17 a barrel. It rose $1.43, or 2.8 percent, to close at $52.25 a barrel in New York on Wednesday. Brent crude, which is used to price oil sold internationally, fell 2 cents to $55.08. CURRENCIES: The dollar fell to 114.74 yen from 115.43 on Wednesday. The euro rose to $1.0603 from $1.0576. Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed. News Video Weather Photos Station Meet the Staff Program Schedule Job Openings Online Public File Closed Captioning Childrens Programming FCC EEO Public File Report Public File Contact All content © 2000- 2017 WGCL-TV. All Rights Reserved. For more information on this site, please read our Privacy Policy, and Terms of Service, and Ad Choices.
Skip to main content Home Delivery e-Edition Boston Herald Store 29°F Subscribe to the Boston Herald RSS Feed Join the Boston Herald on Facebook Join the Boston Herald on Twitter Join the Boston Herald on Google+ View Boston Herald videos on YouTube Boston Herald Herald Apps Fun & Games Obituaries Sunday, January 15, 2017 News Local Coverage Local Politics Columnists National U.S. Politics International Offbeat News Obituaries Opinion Editorials Op-Ed Letters to Editor Send a Letter Sports Red Sox Patriots Celtics Bruins College High School Columnists Soccer Golf Other Entertainment Inside Track Celebrity News Arts & Culture Movies Television Music Lifestyle Food & Beverage Style & Fashion Travel Health & Fitness Gift Guide Business Automotive Real Estate Technology Blogs Photos Video Radio Classifieds Replay of the Day Listen Live Listen Now Watch Live On Demand Asian shares mixed after Trump offers scant policy details Associated Press Wednesday, January 11, 2017 Credit: The Associated Press FILE - This July 16, 2013, file photo, shows a Wall Street street sign outside the New York Stock Exchange. The major U.S. stock indexes edged higher in early trading Wednesday, Jan. 11, 2017, as investors looked ahead to the start of corporate earnings reports later in the week. Energy stocks led the gainers as crude oil prices headed higher, while phone and real estate stocks lagged the most. (AP Photo/Mark Lennihan, File) comments KUALA LUMPUR, Malaysia — Asian shares were mixed Thursday following President-elect Donald Trump's press conference. Trump offered scant details on policies, disappointing investors hoping for a clearer sense of his plans for trade and economic stimulus. KEEPING SCORE: Japan's benchmark Nikkei 225 shed 0.9 percent to 19,192.76. Hong Kong's Hang Seng dipped 0.1 percent to 22,916.85, and the Shanghai Composite was also down 0.1 percent at 3,133.80. Australia's S&P/ASX 200 added 0.2 percent to 5,784.40 and South Korea's Kospi gained 0.3 percent at 2,080.39. Shares in Southeast Asia were mostly higher. WALL STREET: The Nasdaq hit a fifth record-high close in a row, gaining 11.83 points, or 0.2 percent, to 5,563.65. The Dow Jones industrial average rose 98.75 points, or 0.5 percent, to 19,954.28. The S&P 500 index added 6.42 points, or 0.3 percent, to 2,275.32. TRUMP NEWS: Trump's first news conference in nearly six months was an anti-climax, with scant details on his plans for infrastructure spending and tax reforms. Trump attacked U.S. intelligence services and big pharmaceutical companies, instead of outlining his platform. His comment that the government should change bidding procedures for the pharmaceutical industry "because they're getting away with murder," drove health care stocks lower THE QUOTE: "It is what he didn't mention - fiscal stimulus — that worries market participants. The U.S. dollar rally was based on the assumption that Trump's administration will push through a massive infrastructure building and fiscal stimulus package, which will lead to higher inflation in the future," said Margaret Yang Yan, market analyst with CMC Markets in Singapore. "The slump in the U.S. dollar index last night indicated that assumption is now unwinding because the president-elect never even mentioned that key word 'stimulus'." ENERGY: Benchmark crude oil dipped 8 cents to $52.17 a barrel. It rose $1.43, or 2.8 percent, to close at $52.25 a barrel in New York on Wednesday. Brent crude, which is used to price oil sold internationally, fell 2 cents to $55.08. CURRENCIES: The dollar fell to 114.74 yen from 115.43 on Wednesday. The euro rose to $1.0603 from $1.0576. More On: JPMorgan Chase & Co Wells Fargo & Co Bank of America Corporation Samsung Electronics Co Ltd Donald Trump Share this Article Join the Conversation Top Business Stories business & markets More in Mass. opting out of labor force jordan graham business & markets Ski supplier Head says it has been sued by Bode Miller associated press business & markets Prized Maine scallops surge to record price early in year associated press business & markets WBZ-TV News shuffles anchors Connolly, Ebben ira kantor Trending Now Ringling Bros. circus to close after 146 years Live: Roger Goodell not attending Patriots' playoff opener Walsh pushes state legal aid for evicted tenants Warren promises populist campaign Market Summary and Investments Tweets by @bostonherald Boston Herald News Local Coverage Local Politics Columnists National US Politics International Offbeat News Obituaries Opinion Op Ed Letters to the Editor Editorials Send a Letter Sports Red Sox Patriots Celtics Bruins Columnist College Soccer Golf High School Other Entertainment Inside Track Celebrity News Arts & Culture Movies Music Television LifeStyle Food & Beverage Style & Fashion Travel Health & Fitness Business Automotive Real Estate Technology Markets More… Classifieds Radio Horoscope Lottery Crossword Contests Weather RSS Feeds Archives Log In Legal Notices Advertise Purchase Back Copies Send a News Tip Contact Us Home Delivery e-Edition Mobile Apps Herald Newsletters Send a Letter to the Editor Boston Herald In Education Mass Literacy ©Copyright by the Boston Herald and Herald Media No portion of BostonHerald.com or its content may be reproduced without the owner's written permission. Privacy Commitment Terms Of Use Top
× We hope you have enjoyed your complimentary access for the month. Already a subscriber? Click on the button below to set up your account or log in if you already have one. Want to become a subscriber? Purchase a digital-only subscription now for unlimited online access to local news and information. Digital-only Access Unlimited Access to: lacrossetribune.com mobile web and mobile apps e-replica edition of printed newspaper Digital-only access only $12.00/mo Current Subscriber? Set up your account Log In Current Subscriber? Set up Account You are the owner of this article. Edit Article Add New Article Sign Up Log In Dashboard Logout My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout Subscribe Customer Service Sections News Nation/world Wisconsin Minnesota Iowa Business Sports Area high schools Area colleges La Crosse Loggers Auto racing Badgers Outdoors Scoreboard Weather Opinion Letters to the editor Submit a letter Obituaries Calendar of events Entertainment Puzzles & Games Dining Lifestyles Advice Health Home & garden Food Travel Celebrations Submit a Celebration Anniversaries Births Birthdays Congratulations Engagements Misc Thank You Weddings River Valley Media Group Onalaska Holmen Courier-Life Coulee News Houston County News Vernon County Broadcaster Westby Times Tomah Journal Jackson County Chronicle Winona Daily News Chippewa Herald Dunn County News Buy & Sell Business Directory Car Soup Real estate Jobs Classifieds Place an Ad Weekly Ads e-Edition Activate your subscription Jobs Contact Us Toggle navigation Menu Search Search Log In Using Your Account Log In Don't have an account? Sign Up Today My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout 26° La Crosse, WI (54601) Today A mix of frozen precipation late. Tonight Mostly cloudy with periods of light freezing rain after midnight. Low 19F. Winds light and variable. Chance of precip 40%. Updated: January 15, 2017 @ 7:15 pm Full Forecast News Sports Obituaries Opinion Buy & Sell Close Mark Lennihan FILE - This July 16, 2013, file photo, shows a Wall Street street sign outside the New York Stock Exchange. The major U.S. stock indexes edged higher in early trading Wednesday, Jan. 11, 2017, as investors looked ahead to the start of corporate earnings reports later in the week. Energy stocks led the gainers as crude oil prices headed higher, while phone and real estate stocks lagged the most. (AP Photo/Mark Lennihan, File) AP Asian shares mixed after Trump offers scant policy details By EILEEN NG Associated Press Updated Jan 11, 2017 0 Mark Lennihan FILE - This July 16, 2013, file photo, shows a Wall Street street sign outside the New York Stock Exchange. The major U.S. stock indexes edged higher in early trading Wednesday, Jan. 11, 2017, as investors looked ahead to the start of corporate earnings reports later in the week. Energy stocks led the gainers as crude oil prices headed higher, while phone and real estate stocks lagged the most. (AP Photo/Mark Lennihan, File) KUALA LUMPUR, Malaysia (AP) — Asian shares were mixed Thursday following President-elect Donald Trump's press conference. Trump offered scant details on policies, disappointing investors hoping for a clearer sense of his plans for trade and economic stimulus. KEEPING SCORE: Japan's benchmark Nikkei 225 shed 0.9 percent to 19,192.76. Hong Kong's Hang Seng dipped 0.1 percent to 22,916.85, and the Shanghai Composite was also down 0.1 percent at 3,133.80. Australia's S&P/ASX 200 added 0.2 percent to 5,784.40 and South Korea's Kospi gained 0.3 percent at 2,080.39. Shares in Southeast Asia were mostly higher. WALL STREET: The Nasdaq hit a fifth record-high close in a row, gaining 11.83 points, or 0.2 percent, to 5,563.65. The Dow Jones industrial average rose 98.75 points, or 0.5 percent, to 19,954.28. The S&P 500 index added 6.42 points, or 0.3 percent, to 2,275.32. TRUMP NEWS: Trump's first news conference in nearly six months was an anti-climax, with scant details on his plans for infrastructure spending and tax reforms. Trump attacked U.S. intelligence services and big pharmaceutical companies, instead of outlining his platform. His comment that the government should change bidding procedures for the pharmaceutical industry "because they're getting away with murder," drove health care stocks lower THE QUOTE: "It is what he didn't mention - fiscal stimulus — that worries market participants. The U.S. dollar rally was based on the assumption that Trump's administration will push through a massive infrastructure building and fiscal stimulus package, which will lead to higher inflation in the future," said Margaret Yang Yan, market analyst with CMC Markets in Singapore. "The slump in the U.S. dollar index last night indicated that assumption is now unwinding because the president-elect never even mentioned that key word 'stimulus'." ENERGY: Benchmark crude oil dipped 8 cents to $52.17 a barrel. It rose $1.43, or 2.8 percent, to close at $52.25 a barrel in New York on Wednesday. Brent crude, which is used to price oil sold internationally, fell 2 cents to $55.08. CURRENCIES: The dollar fell to 114.74 yen from 115.43 on Wednesday. The euro rose to $1.0603 from $1.0576. Get breaking news sent instantly to your inbox Sign Up! LaCrosseTribune.com Breaking News Obituaries I understand and agree that registration on or use of this site consitutes agreement to its user agreement and privacy policy. Tags Wire Business General News Currency Markets Oil And Gas Industry Debt And Bond Markets Financial Markets Leading Economic Indicators Economy Corporate Stock Corporate News Stock Markets Energy Industry Commodity Markets Pharmaceutical Manufacturing Health Care Reform Health Care Industry Financial Performance Political Issues Government And Politics Health Care Policy Government Policy Economic Policy Government Business And Finance × Post a comment Emoticons [smile] [beam] [wink] [sad] [cool] [innocent] [rolleyes] [whistling] [lol] [huh] [tongue] [love] [sleeping] [yawn] [unsure] [angry] [blink] [crying] [ohmy] [scared] [sleep] [sneaky] [tongue_smile] [thumbdown] [thumbup] [censored] [happybirthday] [ban] [spam] [offtopic] [batman] [ninja] [pirate] [alien] Comment Text Cancel Post comment × Report Cancel Report Abuse × Watch this discussion. Stop watching this discussion. Get an email notification whenever someone contributes to the discussion Notifications from this discussion will be disabled. Cancel Start watching Stop watching View (0) comments (0) comments Welcome to the discussion. Log In Keep it Clean. Please avoid obscene, vulgar, lewd, racist or sexually-oriented language. PLEASE TURN OFF YOUR CAPS LOCK. Don't Threaten. Threats of harming another person will not be tolerated. Be Truthful. Don't knowingly lie about anyone or anything. Be Nice. No racism, sexism or any sort of -ism that is degrading to another person. Be Proactive. Use the 'Report' link on each comment to let us know of abusive posts. Share with Us. We'd love to hear eyewitness accounts, the history behind an article. Post a comment Watch this discussion. Stop watching this discussion. loading... POPULAR IN THIS SECTION APNewsBreak: Ringling Bros. circus to close after 146 years US midsection grapples with pesky ice storm; more on way More freezing rain hits portion of central US Rock slide closes 2 miles of Zion National Park scenic drive Immigrant groups to rally against Trump's planned crackdown Business Directory Latest Local Offers Winona Leasing & Sales In search of a rental service for your moving, hauling or recreational needs? Come to Winona Leasing today! Visit us at 1777 W. Service Drive, Winona, MN or call us at (507)-454-3671! Updated Jan 9, 2017 Rod's Ride On Powersports Did you know Rod's Ride On Powersports has a bargain section for parts and accessories? Click here to learn more! 608-788-4514 Updated Jan 11, 2017 ≫ today's question Which month is your favorite? You voted: January February March April May June July August September October November December Vote View Results Back ≫ things to do Jan 15 Omelette breakfast Sun, Jan 15, 2017 @ 8:00 am Jan 15 Faith-based sexuality class Sun, Jan 15, 2017 @ 10:00 am Jan 15 Simple Roots with Pigtown Fling String Band Sun, Jan 15, 2017 @ 12:30 pm Jan 15 Women of the Moose bingo Sun, Jan 15, 2017 @ 1:00 pm Jan 15 Bingo Sun, Jan 15, 2017 @ 3:00 pm Jan 15 Bingo Sun, Jan 15, 2017 @ 2:00 pm Click here for more events Submit your event More Jobs Top Jobs Job Board 30517695.pdf 30521183.pdf Bulletin Local Business Search local business directory I'm looking for: Located near: Hint: Enter a keyword that you are looking for like tires, pizza or doctors or browse the full business directory. View local offers Local Businesses La Crescent Insurance 205 N Chestnut St Suite 101, La Crescent, WI 55947 St Charles Assisted Living In 402 W 4th St, St Charles, MN 55972 Freighthouse Restaurant 107 Vine Street, La Crosse, WI 54601 151 Hair Company 151 Sand Lake Rd, Onalaska, WI 54650 Currents Football NFL Divisional Round: Predicting each matchup +40 Election 2016 Live Photos: Melania Trump through the years Election 2016 Live QUIZ: How well do you know Donald Trump? Today's Birthdays, Jan. 13: Rip Taylor Today In History, Jan. 13: Costa Concordia Today’s top pics: Europe in deep freeze and more Your daily 6: New homes for Don Draper ... and the San Diego Chargers DeMar DeRozan scores 23 points, Raptors rout Knicks 116-101 Curry, Warriors ready for another Cavs rematch Seahawks go into offseason dejected at another missed chance Bazemore, Dunleavy pick up offense, Hawks beat Bucks TODAY'S TOP VIDEO Video: Officials spell out inauguration security plans Video: Oregon zoo animals frolic in the snow Video: Study finds lower mortality risk for ‘weekend warriors’ Video: Ruby seadragon filmed for the first time News and Features Obituaries Business Entertainment Lifestyles News Opinion Sports River Valley Business Report Online Features Buy & Sell Advertise with Us Buy & Sell Car Soup Real estate Jobs Classifieds Celebrations Shop Local Businesses River Valley Media Group La Crosse Tribune Onalaska Holmen Courier-Life Coulee News Houston County News Vernon County Broadcaster Westby Times Tomah Journal Jackson County Chronicle Winona Daily News Chippewa Herald Dunn County News Print and digital advertising © Copyright 2017 La Crosse Tribune, 401 N. Third Street La Crosse, WI | Terms of Use | Privacy Policy Advertise with Us www.RVMG.biz
Asian shares mixed after Trump offers scant policy details - News9.com - Oklahoma City, OK - News, Weather, Video and Sports | Oklahoma Headlines 9 Investigates Special Coverage My 2 Cents Politics Health About Your Retirement Strange News Submit News Tips Email Sign-Up Radars Weather In-Depth Current Temps News 9 Traffic Map Weather 101 Safety Tips Weather Community SKYCAMS Storm Zone News 9 Videos Watch CBS Shows VideoBytes Video Requests The Vault Latest Recipes By Type By Specialty Sign Up For Recipe Emails Main Entertainment Money Home/Family Health Food Pets Tech Travel Beauty & Style Auto VideoBytes Press Releases Text & Win Concept Home Food For Kids TV Schedules Member Center: Create Account| Log In Manage Account| Log Out SITE SEARCH Print Asian shares mixed after Trump offers scant policy details Posted: Wednesday, January 11, 2017 10:23 AM EST Updated: Wednesday, January 11, 2017 10:13 PM EST NationalMore>> Central US Ice storm falls short of dire forecasts Central US Ice storm falls short of dire forecasts Updated: Sunday, January 15 2017 8:36 PM EST2017-01-16 01:36:37 GMT A third wave of sleet and drizzle could hit parts of the central U.S. on the eve of the holiday, and temperatures threaten to stay near or below freezing and add to the treacherous mix.More >> Sleet and drizzle glazed swaths of the central U.S. on Sunday, extending icy weather that some meteorologists acknowledged fell short of dire forecasts.More >> Thousands rally to resist Republican health law repeal drive Thousands rally to resist Republican health law repeal drive Updated: Sunday, January 15 2017 8:06 PM EST2017-01-16 01:06:17 GMT Thousands of people are showing up for a rally in suburban Detroit where U.S. Sen. Bernie Sanders will speak in support of President Barack Obama's signature health care law.More >> Thousands of people showed up in freezing temperatures on Sunday in Michigan to hear Sen. Bernie Sanders denounce Republican efforts to repeal President Barack Obama's health care law, one of dozens of rallies...More >> PBS: No 'red flag' on funding under Trump, but it's early PBS: No 'red flag' on funding under Trump, but it's early Updated: Sunday, January 15 2017 7:56 PM EST2017-01-16 00:56:15 GMT PBS is waiting, but not quietly, to see what the Trump administration's impact on public broadcasting and its federal funding may be, PBS chief executive Paula Kerger said.More >> PBS is waiting, but not quietly, to see what the Trump administration's impact on public broadcasting and its federal funding may be, PBS chief executive Paula Kerger said.More >> 3 Nevada Democrats want ex-senator statue out of US Capitol 3 Nevada Democrats want ex-senator statue out of US Capitol Updated: Sunday, January 15 2017 3:36 PM EST2017-01-15 20:36:11 GMT Three Democratic congressional representatives are asking state lawmakers to act to remove a statue of former Nevada senator from the U.S. Capitol's Statuary Hall, alleging that he left a "legacy of racism,...More >> Three Democratic congressional representatives are asking state lawmakers to act to remove a statue of former Nevada senator from the U.S. Capitol's Statuary Hall, alleging that he left a "legacy of racism,...More >> Love it or hate it, people have opinions on the circus Love it or hate it, people have opinions on the circus Updated: Sunday, January 15 2017 3:26 PM EST2017-01-15 20:26:04 GMT Reaction to news that the Ringling Bros. and Barnum & Bailey Circus was closing after 146 years - from saddened celebrities to elated animal rights advocates - flew as fast as a flying trapeze.More >> Reaction to news that the Ringling Bros. and Barnum & Bailey Circus was closing after 146 years - from saddened celebrities to elated animal rights advocates - flew as fast as a flying trapeze.More >> Chicago police officer fatally shoots fleeing gunman Chicago police officer fatally shoots fleeing gunman Updated: Sunday, January 15 2017 12:15 PM EST2017-01-15 17:15:58 GMT A police officer confronted by a fleeing gunman suspected of shooting three people fatally shot the man early Sunday, Chicago police said.More >> A police officer confronted by a fleeing gunman suspected of shooting three people fatally shot the man early Sunday, Chicago police said.More >> The Latest: Kansas, Missouri, Oklahoma deal with icy weather The Latest: Kansas, Missouri, Oklahoma deal with icy weather Updated: Sunday, January 15 2017 11:46 AM EST2017-01-15 16:46:58 GMT The Latest on ice storms in the central U.S. (all times local):More >> The Latest on ice storms in the central U.S. (all times local):More >> Nowhere left to run away to: The final days of the circus Nowhere left to run away to: The final days of the circus Updated: Sunday, January 15 2017 10:45 AM EST2017-01-15 15:45:59 GMT Goodbye to death-defying feats - daring young men (and women) on the flying trapeze, whip-wielding lion tamers, human cannonballs. Goodbye to the scent of peanuts and popcorn, the thrill of three rings, the jaunty...More >> Goodbye to death-defying feats - daring young men (and women) on the flying trapeze, whip-wielding lion tamers, human cannonballs. Goodbye to the scent of peanuts and popcorn, the thrill of three rings, the jaunty...More >> Quaker group marks centennial with 'Waging Peace' exhibit Quaker group marks centennial with 'Waging Peace' exhibit Updated: Sunday, January 15 2017 8:25 AM EST2017-01-15 13:25:54 GMT The American Friends Service Committee is celebrating 100 years of nonviolent activism with an exhibition, "Waging Peace," that showcases the group's accomplishments while also illustrating work that remains to...More >> The American Friends Service Committee is celebrating 100 years of nonviolent activism with an exhibition, "Waging Peace," that showcases the group's accomplishments while also illustrating work that remains to be done.More >> Secret WWI telegram holds lessons for today, historians say Secret WWI telegram holds lessons for today, historians say Updated: Sunday, January 15 2017 8:16 AM EST2017-01-15 13:16:59 GMT In a secret telegram a century ago, Germany tried to get Mexico to join its side during World War I by offering it territory in the United States. Britain intercepted, deciphered and shared the "Zimmermann Telegram."More >> In a secret telegram a century ago, Germany tried to get Mexico to join its side during World War I by offering it territory in the United States. Britain intercepted, deciphered and shared the "Zimmermann Telegram."More >>    AP National News VideoMore>> Trump raises millions to cover inauguration's steep costs Trump raises millions to cover inauguration's steep costs The inauguration of a new president requires the recitation of a 35-word oath, but when you add some hoopla and glitz, you're talking about real money More >> The inauguration of a new president requires the recitation of a 35-word oath, but when you add some hoopla and glitz, you're talking about real moneyMore >> US gov't accuses Fiat Chrysler of cheating on emissions US gov't accuses Fiat Chrysler of cheating on emissions The U.S. government is accusing Fiat Chrysler of failing to disclose software in some of its pickups and SUVs with diesel engines that allows them to emit more pollution than allowed under the Clean Air Act More >> The U.S. government is accusing Fiat Chrysler of failing to disclose software in some of its pickups and SUVs with diesel engines that allows them to emit more pollution than allowed under the Clean Air ActMore >> Obama awards Biden Presidential Medal of Freedom Obama awards Biden Presidential Medal of Freedom President Barack Obama is awarding Vice President Joe Biden the Presidential Medal of Freedom More >> President Barack Obama is awarding Vice President Joe Biden the Presidential Medal of FreedomMore >> Baltimore reaches agreement with US to reform policing Baltimore reaches agreement with US to reform policing The Baltimore police department committed to a sweeping overhaul of its practices Thursday under a court-enforceable agreement with the federal government More >> The Baltimore police department committed to a sweeping overhaul of its practices Thursday under a court-enforceable agreement with the federal governmentMore >> Senators voice little opposition to Mattis as defense chief Senators voice little opposition to Mattis as defense chief Senators signaled little opposition Tuesday to the nomination of James Mattis to be defense secretary, as national security experts recommended lawmakers amend the law and allow the retired Marine Corps general to head the... More >> Senators signaled little opposition Tuesday to the nomination of James Mattis to be defense secretary, as national security experts recommended lawmakers amend the law and allow the retired Marine Corps general to head the...More >> Trump denounces 'disgrace' of reports of Russian ties to him Trump denounces 'disgrace' of reports of Russian ties to him Donald Trump on Wednesday adamantly denied reports that Russia had compromising personal and financial information about him, calling it a "tremendous blot" on the intelligence community if material with any such allegations had been released More >> Donald Trump on Wednesday adamantly denied reports that Russia had compromising personal and financial information about him, calling it a "tremendous blot" on the intelligence community if material with any such allegations had been releasedMore >> Trump talks about replacement for Obamacare Trump talks about replacement for Obamacare Donald Trump on Wednesday outlined a repeal and replace plan for Obamacare.  More >> Donald Trump on Wednesday outlined a repeal and replace plan for Obamacare. More >> Obama returns to White House after final Air Force One ride Obama returns to White House after final Air Force One ride President Barack Obama didn't just say farewell to the nation More >> President Barack Obama didn't just say farewell to the nationMore >> 'Yes we did' - Obama bids farewell in nostalgic last speech 'Yes we did' - Obama bids farewell in nostalgic last speech President Barack Obama bid farewell to the nation on Tuesday in an emotional speech that sought to comfort a country on edge over rapid economic changes, persistent security threats and the election of Donald Trump More >> President Barack Obama bid farewell to the nation on Tuesday in an emotional speech that sought to comfort a country on edge over rapid economic changes, persistent security threats and the election of Donald TrumpMore >> The Latest: Obama says citizens must protect way of life The Latest: Obama says citizens must protect way of life President Barack Obama says in his farewell address that protecting the nation's way of life is the job of citizens as well as the military More >> President Barack Obama says in his farewell address that protecting the nation's way of life is the job of citizens as well as the militaryMore >>    By EILEEN NG Associated Press KUALA LUMPUR, Malaysia (AP) - Asian shares were mixed Thursday following President-elect Donald Trump's press conference. Trump offered scant details on policies, disappointing investors hoping for a clearer sense of his plans for trade and economic stimulus. KEEPING SCORE: Japan's benchmark Nikkei 225 shed 0.9 percent to 19,192.76. Hong Kong's Hang Seng dipped 0.1 percent to 22,916.85, and the Shanghai Composite was also down 0.1 percent at 3,133.80. Australia's S&P/ASX 200 added 0.2 percent to 5,784.40 and South Korea's Kospi gained 0.3 percent at 2,080.39. Shares in Southeast Asia were mostly higher. WALL STREET: The Nasdaq hit a fifth record-high close in a row, gaining 11.83 points, or 0.2 percent, to 5,563.65. The Dow Jones industrial average rose 98.75 points, or 0.5 percent, to 19,954.28. The S&P 500 index added 6.42 points, or 0.3 percent, to 2,275.32. TRUMP NEWS: Trump's first news conference in nearly six months was an anti-climax, with scant details on his plans for infrastructure spending and tax reforms. Trump attacked U.S. intelligence services and big pharmaceutical companies, instead of outlining his platform. His comment that the government should change bidding procedures for the pharmaceutical industry "because they're getting away with murder," drove health care stocks lower THE QUOTE: "It is what he didn't mention - fiscal stimulus - that worries market participants. The U.S. dollar rally was based on the assumption that Trump's administration will push through a massive infrastructure building and fiscal stimulus package, which will lead to higher inflation in the future," said Margaret Yang Yan, market analyst with CMC Markets in Singapore. "The slump in the U.S. dollar index last night indicated that assumption is now unwinding because the president-elect never even mentioned that key word 'stimulus'." ENERGY: Benchmark crude oil dipped 8 cents to $52.17 a barrel. It rose $1.43, or 2.8 percent, to close at $52.25 a barrel in New York on Wednesday. Brent crude, which is used to price oil sold internationally, fell 2 cents to $55.08. CURRENCIES: The dollar fell to 114.74 yen from 115.43 on Wednesday. The euro rose to $1.0603 from $1.0576. Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed. News 9 7401 N. Kelley Ave. Oklahoma City, OK 73111 OKLAHOMA CITY'S OWN TM Oklahoma's Own News9.com is proud to provide Oklahomans with timely and relevant news and information, sharing the stories, pictures and loves of Oklahomans across our great state including Oklahoma City's Own. Station Profile & Public Inspection Files NEWS 9 Investigates Crime Education Special Coverage Health Politics Links Consumer Watch My 2 Cents WEATHER Interactive ESP Street Level Radar Current Temps Weather 101 Weather Community Storm Tracker Weather In-Depth FEATURED Video Share Recipes Classifieds Contests Community Contact Us Employment DIGITAL NETWORK NewsOn6.com News9.com TulsaCW.com RadioOklahoma.net OklahomaFarmReport.com All content © Copyright 2000 - 2017 KWTV. All Rights Reserved. For more information on this site, please read our Privacy Policy, and Terms of Service, and Ad Choices.
NYTimes.com no longer supports Internet Explorer 9 or earlier. Please upgrade your browser. LEARN MORE » Sections Search Skip to content Skip to navigation Subscribe Now Log In 0 Settings English 中文 (Chinese) Español Sunday, January 15, 2017 Today’s Paper Video Quick Site Sections Navigation Sections Search World U.S. Politics N.Y. Business Business Opinion Opinion Tech Science Health Sports Sports Arts Arts Style Style Food Food Travel Magazine T Magazine Real Estate all Close search Site Search Navigation Search NYTimes.com Clear this text input Go Site Navigation Site Mobile Navigation Top News The 45th President Trump’s E.P.A. Pick Backed Industry Donors Over Regulators By ERIC LIPTON and CORAL DAVENPORT If confirmed by the Senate, Scott Pruitt could be in charge of policing industries that have long helped advance his political career. His antipathy to federal regulation in many ways defined his tenure as Oklahoma’s chief law enforcement officer.  Comments What Do You Think Senators Should Ask Mr. Pruitt in His Confirmation Hearing? Trump Team May Eject Press Corps, Alarming Reporters By MICHAEL M. GRYNBAUM 4:23 PM ET Journalists were stunned by reports of a proposal to remove them from the West Wing, a move that would uproot decades of established protocol. Trump News Conference Gets ‘S.N.L.’ Treatment Critic's Notebook Trump, Twitter and the Art of His Deal By AMANDA HESS 3:28 PM ET President-elect Donald J. Trump has always been hooked on recognition. More than ever, tweeting has given him a fitting outlet. ‘All Talk,’ Trump Says in Attack on Civil Rights Icon By MARK LANDLER The president-elect criticized Representative John Lewis of Georgia, one of the original Freedom Riders, on the eve of Martin Luther King Jr. Day. More in Politics When Trump Goes Low, Democrats Ask If They Should, Too In His Last Days, Obama Keeps Up Flurry of Activity In Texas, a Test of Whether Voting Act Still Has Teeth By MANNY FERNANDEZ A federal judge put Pasadena, Tex., under federal oversight after finding that city officials had discriminated against Latino voters. But an appeal is expected. U.K. Set to Choose Sharp Break From European Union By STEVEN ERLANGER Prime Minister Theresa May is said to be opting for a “hard Brexit,” taking Britain out of the European single market and the customs union. British Firms Await Brexit Plans, Poised to Relocate Low-Profile Drug Maker Has Powerful Washington Backers By KATIE THOMAS Representatives Chris Collins and Tom Price and other power players have substantial investments in Innate Immunotherapeutics, an Australian company with no approved drugs. Got a confidential news tip? The New York Times offers several ways to get in touch with and provide materials to our journalists. Learn more. Slide Show Loading... What Michelle Obama Wore and Why It Mattered No one understood the role of fashion, and the potential uses of its power, better than the first lady. By VANESSA FRIEDMAN You Draw It: What Got Better or Worse During Obama’s Presidency Jolted by Deaths, Obama Found His Voice on Race Your Weekend Briefing By KAREN WORKMAN and MERRILL D. OLIVER Here’s what you need to know about the week’s top stories. Journalism that matters. More essential than ever. Subscribe to the Times Smarter Living The Fix How to Get a High-End Kitchen on the Cheap By MICHELLE HIGGINS Sites like Craigslist may be the best way to score expensive appliances at rock-bottom prices. All you need is a little patience. A Short Puzzle to Test Your Memory By JASMINE C. LEE, JENNIFER DANIEL and KEVIN QUEALY A 2,000-year-old technique called the memory palace helped one of our contributors improve his memory. Can it work for you? Wait. Is That Hillary Clinton? Let’s Go Say Hi. By LAURA M. HOLSON Hillary Clinton is popping up in restaurants and at social events around New York City, and being embraced by New Yorkers who seem to want to help her get over her election loss. New York Streets Are Seas of Black as Yellow Cabs Decline By WINNIE HU Facing growing competition from ride-hailing apps, taxis are struggling to remain relevant to a generation of digital-minded New Yorkers. A Camden Address With a Link to Martin Luther King Jr. By ASHLEY ROSS Jeanette Lilly Hunt, 85, said she considered the young “M.L. King” a member of the family when he lived in her home in New Jersey while attending a seminary. N.F.L. Playoffs Live Updates: Packers Down Cowboys in Final Seconds By BENJAMIN HOFFMAN 8:03 PM ET Dallas, which at one point trailed 21-3, tried to match the franchise’s record for biggest comeback in a postseason game, but a last-minute field goal lifted Green Bay to a 34-31 win. Rodgers’s Hometown Celebrity Ends at His Front Door On This the N.F.L. Agrees: Cowboys’ Offensive Line Is No. 1 Leader of Chiefs’ Special Teams Gives the Humble Punt Its Due China’s Wind Turbines Laze, Yet 1 Is Built Every Hour By JAVIER C. HERNÁNDEZ 6:18 PM ET The Jiuquan Wind Power Base epitomizes the country’s ambition to become a global leader in clean energy. It also reflects the deep challenges facing the sector in China. Crime Scene Runaway Teenager Slowly Reveals Tale of Horrors While Away By MICHAEL WILSON Joannie’s case is a familiar one to prosecutors in the Bronx, who see runaway girls advertised for sex on Backpage.com. California Today The news and stories that matter to Californians (and anyone else interested in the state). Sign up to get it by email. The Daily 360 1:33 52 Places to Go: Madagascar Adam B. Ellick/The New York Times. Technology by Samsung. More in The Daily 360 » More News Tony Rosato, of 1981-82 ‘Saturday Night Live’ Cast, Dies at 62 Death Toll From Brazil Prison Riot Reaches 26; Decapitations Are Seen Bahrain Executes 3 Shiites Convicted in Police Attack Ringling Bros. Circus to End Its 146-Year Run UConn Women Rewrite History Again With 91st Win ‘La La Land’ Revives the Movie Musical When a song-and-dance film earns $132 million this fast, others will follow — with Emma Watson, Will Ferrell, Kristen Wiig and Josh Gad, for starters. A True Wonder of Alchemy: Soup Together, water, onions and time turn water into broth, bland into savory and thin into thick. But for those results, process is critical. Lie to Me: Fiction in the Post-Truth Era Like reality-TV fans and some Donald J. Trump supporters, today’s novel readers may recognize the artifice before them but form a bond of “shared culpability.” Sunday Review Opinion Why Trump Can’t Make It 1981 Again By RUCHIR SHARMA Donald Trump says he can bring back the economic growth of the Reagan era. But economic forces won’t let him.  Comments Editorial: The Optimism of Barack Obama Editorial Observer: That Time the K.G.B. Slipped Me Vodka Dowd: Judd Apatow Freaking Out Over Donald Trump Kristof: Kremlin Employee of the Month? News Analysis The Linguistic Labyrinth of Arabic News By BEN HUBBARD Who’s a “rebel”? Which government is “legitimate”? In the Arab world, it depends on which TV channel you watch. Wehner: Eight Was Enough User Subscriptions Tired? Or Fired Up and Ready to Go? Inside Obama’s Final Days Raw Telexes to the Times Home Office From a Civil War Zone Times Insider » Tired? Or Fired Up and Ready to Go? Inside Obama’s Final Days The Crossword » Play Today’s Puzzle The Crossword » Play Today’s Puzzle Wordplay » Come On Along With Us Your Reading List Go to your reading list Find a great read for your list Stories you save are added to your Reading List. Access on any device. Learn More | Send Feedback Weekend Reads The Neediest Cases Maintaining a Sunny Spirit in the Face of Hardship Linda Ragoo, a beneficiary of Neediest Cases, has a variety of health issues that she combats with the laughter that frames her positive personality. In its 105th year, The New York Times Neediest Cases Fund has provided direct assistance to those struggling in New York and beyond. Donate now » From Our Advertisers Loading... timesvideo explore all videos » Video Player Inside Nytimes.com Go to the previous story Go to the next story Asia Pacific Inspired by ‘Downton,’ China’s Rich Hire Butlers Sunday Review Steve Harvey, Who Says I Won’t Steal Your Girl? Multimedia/Photos The Golden Era of New York Street Protests Music Podcast: Hip-Hop’s Elders Battle Its Youth (Again) Sunday Review Ivanka Trump’s Dangerous Fake Feminism She is selling us traditional femininity and support of male power in a feminist bow, writes Jill Filipovic. Travel Las Vegas Works to Charm Asian Travelers Music Review: First Concert at New Hall in Germany Sunday Review Notebook: That Time the K.G.B. Slipped Me Vodka The Trump dossier-related talk of “kompromat” and “dezinformatsiya” has been a blast from what was thought to be a distant past. Travel A London Restaurant Shifts to a Simpler Fare Book Review A Posthumous Memoir by Coretta Scott King Sunday Review Letters: Haunted by Vietnam Times Insider Telexes to The Times From a Civil War Zone Sections World » It Can Power a Small Nation. But This Wind Farm in China Is Mostly Idle. U.K. Set to Choose Sharp Break From European Union Rich Chinese, Inspired by ‘Downton,’ Fuel Demand for Butlers Business Day » With Guilty Plea, Takata Clears Way for a Likely Global Rescue Will a ‘Slap in the Face’ From Voters Revive Davos Agenda, or Daze It? How Davos Brings the Global Elite Together Opinion » Exposures: At Home With Barack and Michelle Editorial: The Optimism of Barack Obama Maureen Dowd: Judd Apatow Freaking Out Over Donald Trump U.S. » One Hand on Light Switch, Obama Isn’t Flipping to ‘Off’ Just Yet In Texas, a Test of Whether the Voting Rights Act Still Has Teeth Scott Pruitt, Trump’s E.P.A. Pick, Backed Industry Donors Over Regulators Technology » The Other Kushner Brother’s Big Bet N.S.A. Gets More Latitude to Share Intercepted Communications Tech Fix: The Guide to Being an Airbnb Superhost Arts » Hot on the Trail of ‘La La Land,’ Here Come More Movie Musicals Critic's Notebook: Trump, Twitter and the Art of His Deal Reader's Notebook: Lie to Me: Fiction in the Post-Truth Era Politics » On Washington: ‘Repeal and Replace’: Words Still Hanging Over G.O.P.’s Health Care Strategy One Hand on Light Switch, Obama Isn’t Flipping to ‘Off’ Just Yet When He Goes Low, They Go … Where? Democrats Mull How to Confront Trump Fashion & Style » Critic's Notebook: What Michelle Obama Wore and Why It Mattered Wait. Is That Hillary Clinton? Let’s Go Say Hi. Critic's Notebook: The Last Jeweler on the Ponte Vecchio Movies » Hot on the Trail of ‘La La Land,’ Here Come More Movie Musicals ‘Patriots Day’ Disconnect Between Bostonians and the Rest of Us Anatomy of a Scene: Theodore Melfi Narrates a Scene From ‘Hidden Figures’ New York » A Camden Address With a Link to Martin Luther King Jr. Yellow Cab, Long a Fixture of City Life, Is for Many a Thing of the Past Crime Scene: Runaway Teenager Slowly Reveals Tale of Horrors While Away Sports » N.F.L. Playoffs: Packers Beat Cowboys on Last-Second Field Goal Aaron Rodgers Connects With His Hometown, but the Family Huddle Is Broken On Pro Football: Three Scores, and Dissatisfaction, for a Patriots Back Theater » For Early ‘Jersey Boys’ Investors, Oh, What a Run What August Wilson Means Now From Nosebleed Seats to the Stage, Actors Discuss August Wilson Science » SpaceX Launches Rocket, Its First Since Explosion on Launchpad Trilobites: Sometimes Nature is Morbid. That’s Why There’s #BestCarcass. Trilobites: For the First Time, a Ruby Sea Dragon Flaunts in Front of the Camera Obituaries » Antony Armstrong-Jones, Photographer and Earl of Snowdon, Dies at 86 William Peter Blatty, Author of ‘The Exorcist,’ Dies at 89 Buddy Greco, Singer Who Had That Swing, Dies at 90 Television » Donald Trump News Conference Gets the ‘S.N.L.’ Treatment Review: A Transfer of Power in ‘Homeland.’ Situation Normal, for Now. Review: Thoroughly Modern ‘Victoria,’ Still Nursing That Crush Health » Study Maps ‘Uniquely Devastating’ Genital Injuries Among Troops Public Health: The Biggest Changes Obamacare Made, and Those That May Disappear The Weekly Health Quiz: Smartphones and Smart Dogs Travel » Where I Live: Where I Live: Washington, D.C. Muse: How to Use a Novel as a Guidebook 36 Hours: 36 Hours in Charleston, S.C. Books » Reader's Notebook: Lie to Me: Fiction in the Post-Truth Era Nonfiction: Is Edward Snowden a Spy? A New Book Calls Him One. Nonfiction: Kareem Abdul-Jabbar on Two Books About Muslim Identity Education » Donations Pour In to Band From Black College That Will Play at Inauguration Cost of College: Programs That Are Predatory: It’s Not Just the For-Profit Colleges Justices Face ‘Blizzard of Words’ in Special Education Case Food » City Kitchen: Make Cauliflower and Broccoli More Compelling One Cookie, 2 Versions: Why Girl Scout S’mores Won’t All Be the Same The Pour: 20 Wines Under $20: Reds for Winter Moods and Foods Sunday Review » Opinion: No Racial Barrier Left to Break (Except All of Them) Editorial: The Optimism of Barack Obama Maureen Dowd: Judd Apatow Freaking Out Over Donald Trump Real Estate » When the Downstairs Neighbor Is a Bar The Right Time to Sell Is Anytime On the Market: Homes for Sale in Brooklyn and Manhattan The Upshot » Public Health: The Biggest Changes Obamacare Made, and Those That May Disappear Cost of College: Programs That Are Predatory: It’s Not Just the For-Profit Colleges Public Health: Obamacare Repeal Is Moving Forward. When Will Changes Affect Consumers? Magazine » Feature: President Duterte’s List First Words: I Know How It Feels to Be Someone’s ‘Token.’ I’m Sure Ben Carson Does, Too. Feature: Neanderthals Were People, Too Automobiles » 3 Takata Executives Face Criminal Charges Over Exploding Airbags E.P.A. Accuses Fiat Chrysler of Secretly Violating Emissions Standards Driven: The Volvo S90 Is Very Swedish, and Very Appealing T Magazine » Gosha Rubchinskiy’s Russian Men’s Wear Show A String Quartet Concert, With an A.I. Assist My Bookshelf, Myself: My 10 Favorite Books: Asif Kapadia Times Insider » Save the Date: Feb. 7: Will Shortz: Meet the Puzzle Master! The Robot That Performed My Kidney Transplant Declined to Be Interviewed Talk to The Times: Should Celebrities Use Their Platforms to Express Political Opinions? Real Estate » Ask Real Estate What to Do if the Seller Backs Out By RONDA KAYSEN If a buyer backs out of a contract, the deposit is lost. But what recourse does the buyer have if the seller wants out? More Articles in the Series Search for Homes for Sale or Rent Sell Your Home Most Emailed Most Viewed Trending Recommended for you Loading... Go to Home Page » Site Index The New York Times Site Index Navigation News World U.S. Politics N.Y. Business Tech Science Health Sports Education Obituaries Today's Paper Corrections Opinion Today's Opinion Op-Ed Columnists Editorials Contributing Writers Op-Ed Contributors Opinionator Letters Sunday Review Taking Note Room for Debate Public Editor Video: Opinion Arts Today's Arts Art & Design Books Dance Movies Music N.Y.C. Events Guide Television Theater Video: Arts Living Automobiles Crossword Food Education Fashion & Style Health Jobs Magazine N.Y.C. Events Guide Real Estate T Magazine Travel Weddings & Celebrations Listings & More Classifieds Tools & Services Times Topics Public Editor N.Y.C. Events Guide Blogs Multimedia Photography Video NYT Store Times Journeys Subscribe Manage My Account Subscribe Subscribe Home Delivery Digital Subscriptions Times Insider Crossword Email Newsletters Alerts Gift Subscriptions Corporate Subscriptions Education Rate Mobile Applications Replica Edition Site Information Navigation © 2017 The New York Times Company Contact Us Work With Us Advertise Your Ad Choices Privacy Terms of Service Terms of Sale Site Information Navigation Site Map Help Site Feedback Subscriptions View Mobile Version
Asian shares mixed after Trump offers scant policy details - WXOW News 19 La Crosse, WI – News, Weather and Sports | Member Center: Create Account| Log In Manage Account| Log Out SITE SEARCHWEB SEARCH BY HOME ABOUT US WXOW.com's Hometown Tourist Connect with WXOW WXOW Jobs Advertiser Services NEWS News 19 Daybreak Politics Crime, Courts, and Police Mayo Clinic Health System-Experts In Health Obituaries Download the WXOW News App WEATHER iNTERACTIVE StormTracker School Alerts/Closings Your Weather Photos Get the Stormtracker 19 weather app Skycams, Traffic Cameras, and Road Conditions Weather Window SPORTS AP NCAA College Football Badgers Sports Report Outdoors News WXOW - Your Official Packers Station Local Sports Links COMMUNITY Contests Jefferson Awards Tools For Schools Everyone Has A Story Community Events-Things To Do VIDEO Request a copy of a story WHAT'S ON WXOW Live Channel What's On WXOW Watch ABC Shows CW Decades TV on WXOW Shows on WXOW Asian shares mixed after Trump offers scant policy details Posted: Wednesday, January 11, 2017 10:23 AM EST Updated: Wednesday, January 11, 2017 10:13 PM EST NationalMore>> Central US Ice storm falls short of dire forecasts Central US Ice storm falls short of dire forecasts Updated: Sunday, January 15 2017 8:36 PM EST2017-01-16 01:36:37 GMT A third wave of sleet and drizzle could hit parts of the central U.S. on the eve of the holiday, and temperatures threaten to stay near or below freezing and add to the treacherous mix.More >> Sleet and drizzle glazed swaths of the central U.S. on Sunday, extending icy weather that some meteorologists acknowledged fell short of dire forecasts.More >> Thousands rally to resist Republican health law repeal drive Thousands rally to resist Republican health law repeal drive Updated: Sunday, January 15 2017 8:06 PM EST2017-01-16 01:06:17 GMT Thousands of people are showing up for a rally in suburban Detroit where U.S. Sen. Bernie Sanders will speak in support of President Barack Obama's signature health care law.More >> Thousands of people showed up in freezing temperatures on Sunday in Michigan to hear Sen. Bernie Sanders denounce Republican efforts to repeal President Barack Obama's health care law, one of dozens of rallies...More >> PBS: No 'red flag' on funding under Trump, but it's early PBS: No 'red flag' on funding under Trump, but it's early Updated: Sunday, January 15 2017 7:56 PM EST2017-01-16 00:56:15 GMT PBS is waiting, but not quietly, to see what the Trump administration's impact on public broadcasting and its federal funding may be, PBS chief executive Paula Kerger said.More >> PBS is waiting, but not quietly, to see what the Trump administration's impact on public broadcasting and its federal funding may be, PBS chief executive Paula Kerger said.More >> 3 Nevada Democrats want ex-senator statue out of US Capitol 3 Nevada Democrats want ex-senator statue out of US Capitol Updated: Sunday, January 15 2017 3:36 PM EST2017-01-15 20:36:11 GMT Three Democratic congressional representatives are asking state lawmakers to act to remove a statue of former Nevada senator from the U.S. Capitol's Statuary Hall, alleging that he left a "legacy of racism,...More >> Three Democratic congressional representatives are asking state lawmakers to act to remove a statue of former Nevada senator from the U.S. Capitol's Statuary Hall, alleging that he left a "legacy of racism,...More >> Love it or hate it, people have opinions on the circus Love it or hate it, people have opinions on the circus Updated: Sunday, January 15 2017 3:26 PM EST2017-01-15 20:26:04 GMT Reaction to news that the Ringling Bros. and Barnum & Bailey Circus was closing after 146 years - from saddened celebrities to elated animal rights advocates - flew as fast as a flying trapeze.More >> Reaction to news that the Ringling Bros. and Barnum & Bailey Circus was closing after 146 years - from saddened celebrities to elated animal rights advocates - flew as fast as a flying trapeze.More >> Chicago police officer fatally shoots fleeing gunman Chicago police officer fatally shoots fleeing gunman Updated: Sunday, January 15 2017 12:15 PM EST2017-01-15 17:15:58 GMT A police officer confronted by a fleeing gunman suspected of shooting three people fatally shot the man early Sunday, Chicago police said.More >> A police officer confronted by a fleeing gunman suspected of shooting three people fatally shot the man early Sunday, Chicago police said.More >> The Latest: Kansas, Missouri, Oklahoma deal with icy weather The Latest: Kansas, Missouri, Oklahoma deal with icy weather Updated: Sunday, January 15 2017 11:46 AM EST2017-01-15 16:46:58 GMT The Latest on ice storms in the central U.S. (all times local):More >> The Latest on ice storms in the central U.S. (all times local):More >> Nowhere left to run away to: The final days of the circus Nowhere left to run away to: The final days of the circus Updated: Sunday, January 15 2017 10:45 AM EST2017-01-15 15:45:59 GMT Goodbye to death-defying feats - daring young men (and women) on the flying trapeze, whip-wielding lion tamers, human cannonballs. Goodbye to the scent of peanuts and popcorn, the thrill of three rings, the jaunty...More >> Goodbye to death-defying feats - daring young men (and women) on the flying trapeze, whip-wielding lion tamers, human cannonballs. Goodbye to the scent of peanuts and popcorn, the thrill of three rings, the jaunty...More >> Quaker group marks centennial with 'Waging Peace' exhibit Quaker group marks centennial with 'Waging Peace' exhibit Updated: Sunday, January 15 2017 8:25 AM EST2017-01-15 13:25:54 GMT The American Friends Service Committee is celebrating 100 years of nonviolent activism with an exhibition, "Waging Peace," that showcases the group's accomplishments while also illustrating work that remains to...More >> The American Friends Service Committee is celebrating 100 years of nonviolent activism with an exhibition, "Waging Peace," that showcases the group's accomplishments while also illustrating work that remains to be done.More >> Secret WWI telegram holds lessons for today, historians say Secret WWI telegram holds lessons for today, historians say Updated: Sunday, January 15 2017 8:16 AM EST2017-01-15 13:16:59 GMT In a secret telegram a century ago, Germany tried to get Mexico to join its side during World War I by offering it territory in the United States. Britain intercepted, deciphered and shared the "Zimmermann Telegram."More >> In a secret telegram a century ago, Germany tried to get Mexico to join its side during World War I by offering it territory in the United States. Britain intercepted, deciphered and shared the "Zimmermann Telegram."More >>    AP National News VideoMore>> Trump raises millions to cover inauguration's steep costs Trump raises millions to cover inauguration's steep costs The inauguration of a new president requires the recitation of a 35-word oath, but when you add some hoopla and glitz, you're talking about real money More >> The inauguration of a new president requires the recitation of a 35-word oath, but when you add some hoopla and glitz, you're talking about real moneyMore >> US gov't accuses Fiat Chrysler of cheating on emissions US gov't accuses Fiat Chrysler of cheating on emissions The U.S. government is accusing Fiat Chrysler of failing to disclose software in some of its pickups and SUVs with diesel engines that allows them to emit more pollution than allowed under the Clean Air Act More >> The U.S. government is accusing Fiat Chrysler of failing to disclose software in some of its pickups and SUVs with diesel engines that allows them to emit more pollution than allowed under the Clean Air ActMore >> Obama awards Biden Presidential Medal of Freedom Obama awards Biden Presidential Medal of Freedom President Barack Obama is awarding Vice President Joe Biden the Presidential Medal of Freedom More >> President Barack Obama is awarding Vice President Joe Biden the Presidential Medal of FreedomMore >> Baltimore reaches agreement with US to reform policing Baltimore reaches agreement with US to reform policing The Baltimore police department committed to a sweeping overhaul of its practices Thursday under a court-enforceable agreement with the federal government More >> The Baltimore police department committed to a sweeping overhaul of its practices Thursday under a court-enforceable agreement with the federal governmentMore >> Senators voice little opposition to Mattis as defense chief Senators voice little opposition to Mattis as defense chief Senators signaled little opposition Tuesday to the nomination of James Mattis to be defense secretary, as national security experts recommended lawmakers amend the law and allow the retired Marine Corps general to head the... More >> Senators signaled little opposition Tuesday to the nomination of James Mattis to be defense secretary, as national security experts recommended lawmakers amend the law and allow the retired Marine Corps general to head the...More >> Trump denounces 'disgrace' of reports of Russian ties to him Trump denounces 'disgrace' of reports of Russian ties to him Donald Trump on Wednesday adamantly denied reports that Russia had compromising personal and financial information about him, calling it a "tremendous blot" on the intelligence community if material with any such allegations had been released More >> Donald Trump on Wednesday adamantly denied reports that Russia had compromising personal and financial information about him, calling it a "tremendous blot" on the intelligence community if material with any such allegations had been releasedMore >> Trump talks about replacement for Obamacare Trump talks about replacement for Obamacare Donald Trump on Wednesday outlined a repeal and replace plan for Obamacare.  More >> Donald Trump on Wednesday outlined a repeal and replace plan for Obamacare. More >> Obama returns to White House after final Air Force One ride Obama returns to White House after final Air Force One ride President Barack Obama didn't just say farewell to the nation More >> President Barack Obama didn't just say farewell to the nationMore >> 'Yes we did' - Obama bids farewell in nostalgic last speech 'Yes we did' - Obama bids farewell in nostalgic last speech President Barack Obama bid farewell to the nation on Tuesday in an emotional speech that sought to comfort a country on edge over rapid economic changes, persistent security threats and the election of Donald Trump More >> President Barack Obama bid farewell to the nation on Tuesday in an emotional speech that sought to comfort a country on edge over rapid economic changes, persistent security threats and the election of Donald TrumpMore >> The Latest: Obama says citizens must protect way of life The Latest: Obama says citizens must protect way of life President Barack Obama says in his farewell address that protecting the nation's way of life is the job of citizens as well as the military More >> President Barack Obama says in his farewell address that protecting the nation's way of life is the job of citizens as well as the militaryMore >>    By EILEEN NG Associated Press KUALA LUMPUR, Malaysia (AP) - Asian shares were mixed Thursday following President-elect Donald Trump's press conference. Trump offered scant details on policies, disappointing investors hoping for a clearer sense of his plans for trade and economic stimulus. KEEPING SCORE: Japan's benchmark Nikkei 225 shed 0.9 percent to 19,192.76. Hong Kong's Hang Seng dipped 0.1 percent to 22,916.85, and the Shanghai Composite was also down 0.1 percent at 3,133.80. Australia's S&P/ASX 200 added 0.2 percent to 5,784.40 and South Korea's Kospi gained 0.3 percent at 2,080.39. Shares in Southeast Asia were mostly higher. WALL STREET: The Nasdaq hit a fifth record-high close in a row, gaining 11.83 points, or 0.2 percent, to 5,563.65. The Dow Jones industrial average rose 98.75 points, or 0.5 percent, to 19,954.28. The S&P 500 index added 6.42 points, or 0.3 percent, to 2,275.32. TRUMP NEWS: Trump's first news conference in nearly six months was an anti-climax, with scant details on his plans for infrastructure spending and tax reforms. Trump attacked U.S. intelligence services and big pharmaceutical companies, instead of outlining his platform. His comment that the government should change bidding procedures for the pharmaceutical industry "because they're getting away with murder," drove health care stocks lower THE QUOTE: "It is what he didn't mention - fiscal stimulus - that worries market participants. The U.S. dollar rally was based on the assumption that Trump's administration will push through a massive infrastructure building and fiscal stimulus package, which will lead to higher inflation in the future," said Margaret Yang Yan, market analyst with CMC Markets in Singapore. "The slump in the U.S. dollar index last night indicated that assumption is now unwinding because the president-elect never even mentioned that key word 'stimulus'." ENERGY: Benchmark crude oil dipped 8 cents to $52.17 a barrel. It rose $1.43, or 2.8 percent, to close at $52.25 a barrel in New York on Wednesday. Brent crude, which is used to price oil sold internationally, fell 2 cents to $55.08. CURRENCIES: The dollar fell to 114.74 yen from 115.43 on Wednesday. The euro rose to $1.0603 from $1.0576. Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed. Can't Find Something? WXOW 3705 CTH 25, La Crescent, MN 55947 Phone: 507-895-1919 or 800-947-9969 (WXOW) News tips: wxowaedesk@wxow.com Careers Advertise with us Advertiser Services FCC Public File EEO Report Closed Captioning Contact All content © Copyright 2000 - 2017 WXOW. All Rights Reserved. For more information on this site, please read our Privacy Policy,, Terms of Service, and Ad Choices.
e-Edition Obituaries Special Sections Special Occasions Subscribe Paywall Login Login to Comment Register January 15th, 2017 Menu Home News Sports Business Entertainment Classifieds Life Commentary Contact Local News Provincial News National News World News US stock indexes edge mostly lower in afternoon trading Poll Do you agree with the Supreme Court decision that Alberta’s energy regulator has immunity from being sued? Yes No View Results  Loading ... Follow @LethHerald on twitter By Alex Veiga, The Associated Press on January 11, 2017. FILE - This July 16, 2013, file photo, shows a Wall Street street sign outside the New York Stock Exchange. The major U.S. stock indexes edged higher in early trading Wednesday, Jan. 11, 2017, as investors looked ahead to the start of corporate earnings reports later in the week. Energy stocks led the gainers as crude oil prices headed higher, while phone and real estate stocks lagged the most. (AP Photo/Mark Lennihan, File) A steep slide in pharmaceutical companies pulled U.S. stock indexes mostly lower in afternoon trading Wednesday. The health care sector slumped after President-elect Donald Trump said the government needs to overhaul how it buys drugs from pharmaceutical companies. Energy companies rose the most as crude oil prices headed higher. KEEPING SCORE: The Dow Jones industrial average was up 23 points, or 0.1 per cent, to 19,877 as of 1:36 p.m. Eastern Time. The Standard & Poor’s 500 index slid 5 points, or 0.3 per cent, to 2,263. The Nasdaq composite index fell 22 points, or 0.4 per cent, to 5,529. The Nasdaq has closed at a record high the past four days in a row. TRUMP FACTOR: During a press conference Wednesday morning, Trump said the government has to create new bidding procedures for the pharmaceutical industry “because they’re getting away with murder.” The remarks sent health care stocks broadly lower. Several pharmaceutical companies slumped, with Endo International falling 9.8 per cent, the biggest decliner in the S&P 500. The stock slid $1.51 to $13.81. Perrigo lost $6, or 7.2 per cent, to $77.65. Mallinckrodt tumbled $4.50, or 8.4 per cent, to $49.25. UNAPPETIZING RESULTS: SuperValu slid 7.6 per cent after the grocery store operator announced a weak third-quarter profit, partly because of falling food prices. The stock shed 37 cents to $4.43. SALES SLUMP: Signet Jewelers slid 4.2 per cent after the company cut its profit forecast for the fourth quarter and current fiscal year. Signet said its total sales fell 5 per cent over the holidays, citing technical problems at its e-commerce business. The stock fell $3.65 to $83.81. DISAPPOINTING FORECAST: Auto parts supplier BorgWarner was down 2.3 per cent after it issued a profit and sales forecast that fell short of what Wall Street was anticipating. The stock shed 93 cents to $39.84. FASTER IS BETTER: Drugmaker Merck rose 1.8 per cent on news that the Food and Drug Administration will do a quick review of one of the company’s drugs for its potential to treat a type of lung cancer. The stock added $1.06 at $60.98. HEALTHY OUTLOOK: Intuitive Surgical gained 1.6 per cent after the robotic surgical systems maker delivered a strong fourth-quarter sales forecast. The stock rose $10.75 to $672.95. EARNINGS SEASON: Big U.S. companies start reporting fourth-quarter earnings this week. On Friday JPMorgan Chase, Wells Fargo and Bank of America release their results. Still, investors had their eye on a few companies that released quarterly results Wednesday. MARKETS OVERSEAS: Germany’s DAX rose 0.5 per cent, while France’s CAC 40 was essentially flat. Britain’s FTSE 100 gained 0.2 per cent. In Asia, a strong earnings forecast from Samsung Electronics helped drive gains on the South Korean stock market, where the Kospi added 1.5 per cent and hit its highest close in over a year. Japan’s benchmark Nikkei 225 rose 0.3 per cent. Australia’s S&P/ASX 200 added 0.2 per cent. Hong Kong’s Hang Seng gained 0.8 per cent. ENERGY: Benchmark U.S. crude was up $1.93, or 3.8 per cent, at $52.74 a barrel in New York, having lost $1.14 the day before. Brent crude, which is used to price oil sold internationally, was up $1.99, or 3.7 per cent, at $55.63 a barrel in London. BONDS: Bond prices rose. The yield on the 10-year Treasury note fell to 2.34 per cent from 2.38 per cent late Tuesday. CURRENCIES: The pound continued to weaken amid concern that Britain might break off completely from the European Union’s single market. The currency was trading at $1.2226, down from $1.2163 the day before. The dollar fell to 114.74 yen from 115.73 yen late Tuesday. The euro rose to $1.0595 from $1.0560. 000000 000000 Leave a Reply Click here to cancel reply. You must be logged in to post a comment. More ways to get to us Facebook Twitter YouTube ePaper Login Subscribe Subscription Services Archive About Us The Lethbridge Herald Other Publications Food For Thought Contact Careers Contact the Lethbridge Herald 504 - 7th Street South Lethbridge, AB T1J 3Z7 [P] (403) 328-4411 [F] (403)328-4536 Print Advertising: (403) 328-4410 National Advertising: (403) 380-7585 Online Advertising: (403) 380-7585 Classifieds: (403) 328-4433 © 1996-2017 The Lethbridge Herald, A Division of Continental Newspapers Canada Ltd. Advertising Terms and Conditions & Privacy Policy
continue to article News All Local News Search Last 36 hours Nation + World Environment Politics Justice Polygamy Health Care Education Weather Utah's Right Elevate Empower Utah Legal Notices Sports Utah Jazz RSL Utah Utes BYU Cougars USU Aggies WSU Wildcats Preps Grizzlies Bees Outdoors Winter Sports College Monson Kragthorpe All-time BYU football stats All-time Utes football stats Blogs The Utah Effect Politics UPIN The Cricket TV Jazz Notes U of U Sports BYU Sports Prep Sports RSL Hiking Outdoors & Travel Sundance More Blogs Opinion Editorials Commentary Letters Bagley Cartoon Gehrke Rolly Cannon Kirby Blog: State of the Debate Submit a Letter Faith Religion news LDS Church Faith Blog Entertainment Calendar Film-Finder Movies Restaurants Lifestyle Arts Food Music TV Sundance Shopping Puzzles & Games Comics Horoscopes Cool Stuff The Legacy of Joe Hill I Love videos Whatever Happened To... Special Reports Videos Photo Galleries Utah Bucket List Mormon Rivals Preparing to play Paul Rolly Roast Money Top Workplaces The Realty Show Home Prices Obituaries Jobs Top Employer Top Educator Top Jobs Employment News Employers Post A Job Contact Us Homes Find a Home Find a Realtor Rentals Cars Find a car Browse Dealers Fuel Stop Top Workplaces Top Workplaces Subscribe    Print New Subscription Register for e-Edition Access your e-Edition Print Registration Print Login    sltrib.com Membership Become a Supporting Member Premium Ad-Free Site Login Account Login Member FAQ Toggle navigation News All Local News Search Last 36 hours Nation + World Environment Politics Justice Polygamy Health Care Education Weather Utah's Right Elevate Empower Utah Legal Notices    SPONSORED BY: Sports Utah Jazz RSL Utah Utes BYU Cougars USU Aggies WSU Wildcats Preps Grizzlies Bees Outdoors Winter Sports College Monson Kragthorpe All-time BYU football stats All-time Utes football stats Blogs The Utah Effect Politics UPIN The Cricket TV Jazz Notes U of U Sports BYU Sports Prep Sports RSL Hiking Outdoors & Travel Sundance More Blogs Opinion Editorials Commentary Letters Bagley Cartoon Gehrke Rolly Cannon Kirby Blog: State of the Debate Submit a Letter Faith Religion news LDS Church Faith Blog Entertainment Sundance Calendar Film-Finder Movies Restaurants Lifestyle Arts Food Music TV Shopping Puzzles & Games Comics Horoscopes    SPONSORED BY: Cool Stuff The Legacy of Joe Hill I Love videos Whatever Happened To... Special Reports Videos Photo Galleries Utah Bucket List Mormon Rivals Preparing to play Paul Rolly Roast Money Top Workplaces The Realty Show Home Prices Obituaries Jobs Top Employer Top Educator Top Jobs Employment News Employers Post A Job Contact Us    SPONSORED BY: Homes Find a Home Find a Realtor Rentals    SPONSORED BY: Cars Find a car Browse Dealers Fuel Stop    SPONSORED BY: Top Workplaces Subscribe    Print New Subscription Register for e-Edition Access your e-Edition Print Registration Print Login    sltrib.com Membership Become a Supporting Member Premium Ad-Free Site Login Account Login Member FAQ Home » News Salt Lake City 30 ° Traffic / Ski Report Stories from last 36 hours WWW.SLTRIB.COM JAN 15, 2017 Become a Member | Ad-Free Login Home » News JAN 15, 2017  |  Salt Lake City 30 °  |  Traffic / Ski Report Stories from last 36 hours Become a Member | Ad-Free Login Home » News Become a Member | Ad-Free Login Pharmaceutical firms lead markets down By ALEX VEIGA The Associated Press First Published Jan 11 2017 08:45AM    •    Last Updated Jan 11 2017 01:42 pm Share This Article The major U.S. stock indexes veered slightly higher in late-afternoon trading after spending much of the day wavering between small gains and losses. Energy stocks led the gainers as crude oil prices closed higher. Health care stocks were down the most after President-elect Donald Trump said the government needs to overhaul how it buys drugs from pharmaceutical companies. KEEPING SCORE: The Dow Jones industrial average was up 68 points, or 0.3 percent, to 19,923 as of 1:22 p.m. Mountain time. The Standard & Poor's 500 index added 3 points, or 0.1 percent, to 2,272. The Nasdaq composite index gained 5 points, or 0.1 percent, to 5,557. The Nasdaq has closed at a record high the past four days in a row. VIDEOS TOP JOBS THE QUOTE: The stock indexes have been drifting between small gains and losses for much of the day, likely because investors are looking ahead to the next wave of corporate earnings reports, which kick off Friday, noted Tim Dreiling, regional investment director for U.S. Bank's Private Client Reserve. "The heavy load comes in the coming weeks," Dreiling said. "There's a little bit of a wait-and-see on what those earnings numbers look like." TRUMP FACTOR: During a press conference Wednesday morning, Trump said the government has to create new bidding procedures for the pharmaceutical industry "because they're getting away with murder." The remarks sent health care stocks broadly lower. Several pharmaceutical companies slumped, with Endo International falling 7.6 percent, the biggest decliner in the S&P 500. The stock slid $1.16 to $14.15. Perrigo lost $6.33, or 7.6 percent, to $77.33. Mallinckrodt tumbled $3.24, or 6 percent, to $50.51. UNAPPETIZING RESULTS: SuperValu slid 7.1 percent after the grocery store operator announced a weak third-quarter profit, partly because of falling food prices. The stock shed 34 cents to $4.45. SALES SLUMP: Signet Jewelers fell 3.5 percent after the company cut its profit forecast for the fourth quarter and current fiscal year. Signet said its total sales fell 5 percent over the holidays, citing technical problems at its e-commerce business. The stock fell $3.09 to $84.37. DISAPPOINTING FORECAST: Auto parts supplier BorgWarner was down 1.7 percent after it issued a profit and sales forecast that fell short of what Wall Street was anticipating. The stock shed 69 cents to $40.08. FASTER IS BETTER: Drugmaker Merck rose 2.3 percent on news that the Food and Drug Administration will do a quick review of one of the company's drugs for its potential to treat a type of lung cancer. The stock added $1.41 at $61.33. HEALTHY OUTLOOK: Intuitive Surgical gained 2.4 percent after the robotic surgical systems maker delivered a strong fourth-quarter sales forecast. The stock rose $15.86 to $678.06. EARNINGS SEASON: Big U.S. companies start reporting fourth-quarter earnings this week. On Friday JPMorgan Chase, Wells Fargo and Bank of America release their results. Still, investors had their eye on a few companies that released quarterly results Wednesday. MARKETS OVERSEAS: Germany's DAX rose 0.5 percent, while France's CAC 40 was essentially flat. Britain's FTSE 100 gained 0.2 percent. In Asia, a strong earnings forecast from Samsung Electronics helped drive gains on the South Korean stock market, where the Kospi added 1.5 percent and hit its highest close in over a year. Japan's benchmark Nikkei 225 rose 0.3 percent. Australia's S&P/ASX 200 added 0.2 percent. Hong Kong's Hang Seng gained 0.8 percent. ENERGY: Benchmark U.S. crude rose $1.43, or 2.8 percent, to close at $52.25 a barrel in New York. Brent crude, which is used to price oil sold internationally, gained $1.46, or 2.7 percent, at $55.10 a barrel in London. In other energy trading, wholesale gasoline added 5 cents to $1.59 a gallon and heating oil rose 4 cents to $1.65 a gallon. Natural gas futures slipped 5 cents to $3.22 per 1,000 cubic feet. BONDS: Bond prices rose. The yield on the 10-year Treasury note fell to 2.37 percent from 2.38 percent late Tuesday. CURRENCIES: The pound continued to weaken amid concern that Britain might break off completely from the European Union's single market. The currency was trading at $1.2201, up from $1.2163 the day before. The dollar fell to 115.49 yen from 115.73 yen late Tuesday. The euro rose to $1.0575 from $1.0560. METALS: The price of gold rose $11.10 to $1,196.60 an ounce. Silver slipped 2 cents to $16.83 an ounce. Copper was little changed at $2.61 a pound.   Share This Article JOIN THE DISCUSSION     Post a Comment POPULAR STORIES Kirby: Wait'll you see how much the Mormon church pays me How much do top Mormon leaders make? Leaked pay stubs may surprise you. Nate Carlisle: Why are LDS Church documents being leaked now? Whistleblower cases offer some clues | Eddie Long, megachurch pastor accused of sexual misconduct, dies Meet the Utahns going to Washington to celebrate -- and protest -- Trump's inauguration ELEVATE 3 Unforgettable Date Night Ideas   Ririe-Woodbury to Perform ‘Wiggle-Friendly’ Family Matinée as Part of its Winter Season   Contests and Promotions COMMENTS POST A COMMENT      () News All Local News Search Last 36 hours Nation + World RSS Twitter Environment Politics Justice Polygamy Education Weather Utah's Right Elevate Empower Utah Cool Stuff The Legacy of Joe Hill I Love videos Whatever Happened To... Special Reports Videos Photo Galleries Utah Bucket List Mormon Rivals Preparing to play Sports All Sports Olympics TribPreps Utah Jazz Utah Utes BYU Cougars USU Aggies WSU Wildcats College RSL Grizzlies Bees Winter Sports Outdoors Gordon Monson Kurt Kragthorpe All-time BYU football stats All-time Utes football stats Money All Money Top Workplaces Home Prices Blogs All Blogs Politics The Cricket TV Jazz Notes U of U Sports BYU Sports Prep Sports RSL Hiking Sundance Opinion All Opinion Editorials Commentary Letters Bagley Cartoons Gehrke Rolly Cannon Kirby Submit a Letter Faith All Faith LDS Church Religion news Faith Blog Entertainment All Entertainment Calendar Film-Finder Movies Restaurants Lifestyle Arts Food Music TV Sundance Shopping Puzzles & Games Comics Horoscopes Membership Ad-Free Site Login Become a Member Account Login Member FAQ Obituaries Search Obituaries Place an Obituary Marketplace Search Cars Search Homes Search Jobs Search Marketplace Legal Notices Other Services Advertise With Us Subscribe to the Newspaper Access your e-Edition Frequently Asked Questions Contact a newsroom staff member Access the Trib Archives Privacy Policy Missing your paper? Need to place your paper on vacation hold? For this and any other subscription related needs, click here or call 801.204.6100 Copyright @ 2017, The Salt Lake Tribune
Asian shares mixed after Trump offers scant policy details - CBS46 News Member Center: Create Account| Log In Manage Account| Log Out SITE SEARCHWEB SEARCH BY Local News Crime Cobb DeKalb Fulton Gwinnett Other Counties Georgia Politics US and World News North Georgia drought and wildfires Traffic Gas Prices Web Links News Tips WeatheRate & 3° Guarantee 7-Day Forecast Hourly Forecast Weekend Forecast Photo Friday Current Temperatures Interactive Map Live Radar Weather Maps Daily Pollen Count Weather Cams with Radar School Closings Download the CBS46 Weather App Photos CBS46 Live Stream Watch CBS Shows Metro Atlanta HD Live Look Cams Better Call Harry Videos Ticket Tuesday Positively Georgia CBS46 Cares Books to Kids Events Atlanta Falcons Atlanta Braves Atlanta Hawks SEC College Sports News Meet the Staff Program Schedule Watch CBS Shows Peachtree TV CBS46 Deals Job openings Internships Contests Closed Captioning Connect With CBS46 Print Asian shares mixed after Trump offers scant policy details Posted: Wednesday, January 11, 2017 10:23 AM EST Updated: Wednesday, January 11, 2017 10:13 PM EST NationalMore>> Central US Ice storm falls short of dire forecasts Central US Ice storm falls short of dire forecasts Updated: Sunday, January 15 2017 8:36 PM EST2017-01-16 01:36:37 GMT A third wave of sleet and drizzle could hit parts of the central U.S. on the eve of the holiday, and temperatures threaten to stay near or below freezing and add to the treacherous mix.More > Sleet and drizzle glazed swaths of the central U.S. on Sunday, extending icy weather that some meteorologists acknowledged fell short of dire forecasts.More > Thousands rally to resist Republican health law repeal drive Thousands rally to resist Republican health law repeal drive Updated: Sunday, January 15 2017 8:06 PM EST2017-01-16 01:06:17 GMT Thousands of people are showing up for a rally in suburban Detroit where U.S. Sen. Bernie Sanders will speak in support of President Barack Obama's signature health care law.More > Thousands of people showed up in freezing temperatures on Sunday in Michigan to hear Sen. Bernie Sanders denounce Republican efforts to repeal President Barack Obama's health care law, one of dozens of rallies...More > PBS: No 'red flag' on funding under Trump, but it's early PBS: No 'red flag' on funding under Trump, but it's early Updated: Sunday, January 15 2017 7:56 PM EST2017-01-16 00:56:15 GMT PBS is waiting, but not quietly, to see what the Trump administration's impact on public broadcasting and its federal funding may be, PBS chief executive Paula Kerger said.More > PBS is waiting, but not quietly, to see what the Trump administration's impact on public broadcasting and its federal funding may be, PBS chief executive Paula Kerger said.More > 3 Nevada Democrats want ex-senator statue out of US Capitol 3 Nevada Democrats want ex-senator statue out of US Capitol Updated: Sunday, January 15 2017 3:36 PM EST2017-01-15 20:36:11 GMT Three Democratic congressional representatives are asking state lawmakers to act to remove a statue of former Nevada senator from the U.S. Capitol's Statuary Hall, alleging that he left a "legacy of racism,...More > Three Democratic congressional representatives are asking state lawmakers to act to remove a statue of former Nevada senator from the U.S. Capitol's Statuary Hall, alleging that he left a "legacy of racism,...More > Love it or hate it, people have opinions on the circus Love it or hate it, people have opinions on the circus Updated: Sunday, January 15 2017 3:26 PM EST2017-01-15 20:26:04 GMT Reaction to news that the Ringling Bros. and Barnum & Bailey Circus was closing after 146 years - from saddened celebrities to elated animal rights advocates - flew as fast as a flying trapeze.More > Reaction to news that the Ringling Bros. and Barnum & Bailey Circus was closing after 146 years - from saddened celebrities to elated animal rights advocates - flew as fast as a flying trapeze.More > Chicago police officer fatally shoots fleeing gunman Chicago police officer fatally shoots fleeing gunman Updated: Sunday, January 15 2017 12:15 PM EST2017-01-15 17:15:58 GMT A police officer confronted by a fleeing gunman suspected of shooting three people fatally shot the man early Sunday, Chicago police said.More > A police officer confronted by a fleeing gunman suspected of shooting three people fatally shot the man early Sunday, Chicago police said.More > The Latest: Kansas, Missouri, Oklahoma deal with icy weather The Latest: Kansas, Missouri, Oklahoma deal with icy weather Updated: Sunday, January 15 2017 11:46 AM EST2017-01-15 16:46:58 GMT The Latest on ice storms in the central U.S. (all times local):More > The Latest on ice storms in the central U.S. (all times local):More > Nowhere left to run away to: The final days of the circus Nowhere left to run away to: The final days of the circus Updated: Sunday, January 15 2017 10:45 AM EST2017-01-15 15:45:59 GMT Goodbye to death-defying feats - daring young men (and women) on the flying trapeze, whip-wielding lion tamers, human cannonballs. Goodbye to the scent of peanuts and popcorn, the thrill of three rings, the jaunty...More > Goodbye to death-defying feats - daring young men (and women) on the flying trapeze, whip-wielding lion tamers, human cannonballs. Goodbye to the scent of peanuts and popcorn, the thrill of three rings, the jaunty...More > Quaker group marks centennial with 'Waging Peace' exhibit Quaker group marks centennial with 'Waging Peace' exhibit Updated: Sunday, January 15 2017 8:25 AM EST2017-01-15 13:25:54 GMT The American Friends Service Committee is celebrating 100 years of nonviolent activism with an exhibition, "Waging Peace," that showcases the group's accomplishments while also illustrating work that remains to...More > The American Friends Service Committee is celebrating 100 years of nonviolent activism with an exhibition, "Waging Peace," that showcases the group's accomplishments while also illustrating work that remains to be done.More > Secret WWI telegram holds lessons for today, historians say Secret WWI telegram holds lessons for today, historians say Updated: Sunday, January 15 2017 8:16 AM EST2017-01-15 13:16:59 GMT In a secret telegram a century ago, Germany tried to get Mexico to join its side during World War I by offering it territory in the United States. Britain intercepted, deciphered and shared the "Zimmermann Telegram."More > In a secret telegram a century ago, Germany tried to get Mexico to join its side during World War I by offering it territory in the United States. Britain intercepted, deciphered and shared the "Zimmermann Telegram."More >    By EILEEN NG Associated Press KUALA LUMPUR, Malaysia (AP) - Asian shares were mixed Thursday following President-elect Donald Trump's press conference. Trump offered scant details on policies, disappointing investors hoping for a clearer sense of his plans for trade and economic stimulus. KEEPING SCORE: Japan's benchmark Nikkei 225 shed 0.9 percent to 19,192.76. Hong Kong's Hang Seng dipped 0.1 percent to 22,916.85, and the Shanghai Composite was also down 0.1 percent at 3,133.80. Australia's S&P/ASX 200 added 0.2 percent to 5,784.40 and South Korea's Kospi gained 0.3 percent at 2,080.39. Shares in Southeast Asia were mostly higher. WALL STREET: The Nasdaq hit a fifth record-high close in a row, gaining 11.83 points, or 0.2 percent, to 5,563.65. The Dow Jones industrial average rose 98.75 points, or 0.5 percent, to 19,954.28. The S&P 500 index added 6.42 points, or 0.3 percent, to 2,275.32. TRUMP NEWS: Trump's first news conference in nearly six months was an anti-climax, with scant details on his plans for infrastructure spending and tax reforms. Trump attacked U.S. intelligence services and big pharmaceutical companies, instead of outlining his platform. His comment that the government should change bidding procedures for the pharmaceutical industry "because they're getting away with murder," drove health care stocks lower THE QUOTE: "It is what he didn't mention - fiscal stimulus - that worries market participants. The U.S. dollar rally was based on the assumption that Trump's administration will push through a massive infrastructure building and fiscal stimulus package, which will lead to higher inflation in the future," said Margaret Yang Yan, market analyst with CMC Markets in Singapore. "The slump in the U.S. dollar index last night indicated that assumption is now unwinding because the president-elect never even mentioned that key word 'stimulus'." ENERGY: Benchmark crude oil dipped 8 cents to $52.17 a barrel. It rose $1.43, or 2.8 percent, to close at $52.25 a barrel in New York on Wednesday. Brent crude, which is used to price oil sold internationally, fell 2 cents to $55.08. CURRENCIES: The dollar fell to 114.74 yen from 115.43 on Wednesday. The euro rose to $1.0603 from $1.0576. Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed. News Video Weather Photos Station Meet the Staff Program Schedule Job Openings Online Public File Closed Captioning Childrens Programming FCC EEO Public File Report Public File Contact All content © 2000- 2017 WGCL-TV. All Rights Reserved. For more information on this site, please read our Privacy Policy, and Terms of Service, and Ad Choices.
e-Edition Obituaries Photo Gallery Magazines Scholarships News Crew Parteners Paywall Login Login to Comment Register January 15th, 2017 Menu Home News Sports Business Entertainment Classifieds Life Commentary Contact Local News Provincial News National News World News US stock indexes edge mostly lower in afternoon trading Business Related Apps of the Week Poll Do you own a gun? Yes No View Results  Loading ... @MedicineHatNews Follow Us By Alex Veiga, The Associated Press on January 11, 2017. FILE - This July 16, 2013, file photo, shows a Wall Street street sign outside the New York Stock Exchange. The major U.S. stock indexes edged higher in early trading Wednesday, Jan. 11, 2017, as investors looked ahead to the start of corporate earnings reports later in the week. Energy stocks led the gainers as crude oil prices headed higher, while phone and real estate stocks lagged the most. (AP Photo/Mark Lennihan, File) 00000 A steep slide in pharmaceutical companies pulled U.S. stock indexes mostly lower in afternoon trading Wednesday. The health care sector slumped after President-elect Donald Trump said the government needs to overhaul how it buys drugs from pharmaceutical companies. Energy companies rose the most as crude oil prices headed higher. KEEPING SCORE: The Dow Jones industrial average was up 23 points, or 0.1 per cent, to 19,877 as of 1:36 p.m. Eastern Time. The Standard & Poor’s 500 index slid 5 points, or 0.3 per cent, to 2,263. The Nasdaq composite index fell 22 points, or 0.4 per cent, to 5,529. The Nasdaq has closed at a record high the past four days in a row. TRUMP FACTOR: During a press conference Wednesday morning, Trump said the government has to create new bidding procedures for the pharmaceutical industry “because they’re getting away with murder.” The remarks sent health care stocks broadly lower. Several pharmaceutical companies slumped, with Endo International falling 9.8 per cent, the biggest decliner in the S&P 500. The stock slid $1.51 to $13.81. Perrigo lost $6, or 7.2 per cent, to $77.65. Mallinckrodt tumbled $4.50, or 8.4 per cent, to $49.25. UNAPPETIZING RESULTS: SuperValu slid 7.6 per cent after the grocery store operator announced a weak third-quarter profit, partly because of falling food prices. The stock shed 37 cents to $4.43. SALES SLUMP: Signet Jewelers slid 4.2 per cent after the company cut its profit forecast for the fourth quarter and current fiscal year. Signet said its total sales fell 5 per cent over the holidays, citing technical problems at its e-commerce business. The stock fell $3.65 to $83.81. DISAPPOINTING FORECAST: Auto parts supplier BorgWarner was down 2.3 per cent after it issued a profit and sales forecast that fell short of what Wall Street was anticipating. The stock shed 93 cents to $39.84. FASTER IS BETTER: Drugmaker Merck rose 1.8 per cent on news that the Food and Drug Administration will do a quick review of one of the company’s drugs for its potential to treat a type of lung cancer. The stock added $1.06 at $60.98. HEALTHY OUTLOOK: Intuitive Surgical gained 1.6 per cent after the robotic surgical systems maker delivered a strong fourth-quarter sales forecast. The stock rose $10.75 to $672.95. EARNINGS SEASON: Big U.S. companies start reporting fourth-quarter earnings this week. On Friday JPMorgan Chase, Wells Fargo and Bank of America release their results. Still, investors had their eye on a few companies that released quarterly results Wednesday. MARKETS OVERSEAS: Germany’s DAX rose 0.5 per cent, while France’s CAC 40 was essentially flat. Britain’s FTSE 100 gained 0.2 per cent. In Asia, a strong earnings forecast from Samsung Electronics helped drive gains on the South Korean stock market, where the Kospi added 1.5 per cent and hit its highest close in over a year. Japan’s benchmark Nikkei 225 rose 0.3 per cent. Australia’s S&P/ASX 200 added 0.2 per cent. Hong Kong’s Hang Seng gained 0.8 per cent. ENERGY: Benchmark U.S. crude was up $1.93, or 3.8 per cent, at $52.74 a barrel in New York, having lost $1.14 the day before. Brent crude, which is used to price oil sold internationally, was up $1.99, or 3.7 per cent, at $55.63 a barrel in London. BONDS: Bond prices rose. The yield on the 10-year Treasury note fell to 2.34 per cent from 2.38 per cent late Tuesday. CURRENCIES: The pound continued to weaken amid concern that Britain might break off completely from the European Union’s single market. The currency was trading at $1.2226, down from $1.2163 the day before. The dollar fell to 114.74 yen from 115.73 yen late Tuesday. The euro rose to $1.0595 from $1.0560. 00000 Leave a Reply Click here to cancel reply. You must be logged in to post a comment. More ways to get to us Twitter Facebook Instagram YouTube Tumblr ePaper Login Subscribe Archive About Us The Medicine Hat News Other Publications Contact Careers Contact the Medicine Hat News 3257 Dunmore Rd SE Medicine Hat, AB T1B 3R2 [P] 403.527.1101 [F] 403.528.5696 Contact Careers Print Advertising: 403.528.5659 National Advertising: 403.528.5766 Online Advertising: 403.528.5698 Classifieds: 403.526.7653 © 1996-2017 The Medicine Hat News, A Division of Continental Newspapers Canada Ltd. Advertising Terms and Conditions & Privacy policy
Latest News Dow 19,886 -5.27 -0.03% Nasdaq 5,574 +26.63 +0.48% S&P 500 2,275 +4.20 +0.18% 8:44 P.M. ET Here's what Trump means for the tech industry 6:54 P.M. ET Ice Storms Cause Hazards in Great Plains States 6:21 P.M. ET These dogs make up to $10K per social media post 6:03 P.M. ET Updated U.K. pound drops ahead of Theresa May’s Brexit speech 5:27 P.M. ET CIA chief John Brennan has a stern warning for Donald Trump 5:10 P.M. ET Updated Don’t buy the spin: Trump’s tycoons really will avoid taxes 5:00 P.M. ET Why Goldman sees only 90 good days for U.S. stocks in 2017 4:57 P.M. ET Nvidia and Audi predict self-driving car by 2020 4:19 P.M. ET Updated Divorce lawyers: 30% more couples terminate their marriage in January 4:19 P.M. ET Updated Most Americans are one medical emergency away from financial disaster 4:19 P.M. ET Updated My ex-husband left me his $150,000 pension — his sister says it was an oversight 2:04 P.M. ET More Democratic lawmakers plan on boycotting Trump’s inauguration 2:03 P.M. ET Davos elite promise global solutions, but they’re part of the problem 2:01 P.M. ET Unrest could grip Germany in 2017 and U.S. investors could suffer fallout 2:00 P.M. ET 4 reforms we must make to our democracy to protect the American economy 1:39 P.M. ET Updated Sanders says ‘it would not be a bad thing’ if FBI boss Comey stepped down 1:37 P.M. ET Updated Ringling Bros. and Barnum & Bailey Circus to shut down after 146 years 1:23 P.M. ET Updated Is Amazon’s new credit card for Prime members worth it? 1:18 P.M. ET Updated Is Chase Sapphire Reserve card still a good value — even with the new terms? 1:18 P.M. ET Updated 1 in 10 Americans say they will die in debt Log In Home News Viewer Video SectorWatch Podcasts First Take Games Portfolio My MarketWatch News Viewer Markets U.S. Europe/Middle East Emerging Markets Asia Canada SectorWatch Columns Market Snapshot Movers & Shakers The Tell Currencies Futures Movers Pre-Market News Tools Earnings Wall Markets Overview IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar Currency Tools Futures Contracts Market Screener Hulbert Interactive Investing Stocks Mutual Funds ETFs Options Bonds Commodities Currencies Futures Hedge Funds/Insider Trades Getting Started MarketWatch Adviser Columns Options Trader Revolution Investing Tools Stock Screener Funds Finder ETF Screener Options Screener IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar More... Trading Deck . Personal Finance 10 Things Big Spender Real Estate Spending & Saving Taxes Columns The Moneyologist Brett Arends Bill Bischoff Amy Hoak Chuck Jaffe Jennifer Openshaw Jennifer Waters Tools Funds Finder Today's Rates Retirement RetireMentors Encore Taxes Retire Here, Not There How-to Guides Social Security Estate Planning Events Columns Robert Powell's Retirement Portfolio Andrea Coombes's Working Retirement Tools Retirement Planner How long will my money last? Economy Federal Reserve Capitol Report Economic Report Columns Darrell Delamaide Irwin Kellner Rex Nutting Tools Economic Calendar Real Estate Location Scouts realtor.com My MarketWatch Watchlist Alerts Games Log In Home Markets U.S. & Canada Market Snapshot Get email alerts Dow moves within 50 points of 20,000 after Trump news conference By Sue Chang and Ryan Vlastelica Published: Jan 11, 2017 4:27 p.m. ET Share Nasdaq notches fifth straight record close Reuters U.S. President-elect Donald Trump speaks during a news conference in the lobby of Trump Tower. By SueChang Markets reporter RyanVlastelica Markets reporter The Dow Jones Industrial Average closed less than 50 points from the psychologically-important 20,000 mark on Wednesday following President-elect Donald Trump’s first news conference in months. The Nasdaq also extended gains to its fifth straight record close. Major indexes oscillated between small gains and losses during the session while biotech stocks were notable losers after Trump said companies were “getting away with murder” with respect to drug prices. Energy shares were among the day’s biggest gainers, rising alongside a jump in the price of crude oil. Read: MarketWatch’s live blog on Donald Trump’s press conference The Dow Jones Industrial Average DJIA, -0.03% rose 98.75 points, or 0.5%, to close at 19,954.28, while the S&P 500 index ESH7, -0.19%  gained 6.42 points, or 0.3%, to end at 2,275.32. The Nasdaq Composite COMP, +0.48% added 11.83 points, or 0.2%, to finish at a record 5,563.65. “The easy part for the Trump administration has been done. Now words have to be transformed into action and policies. The speed of this, more specifically regulatory relief and tax reform, may dictate the immediate direction of the markets,” said Kent Engelke, chief economic strategist at Capitol Securities Management Inc. “If his proposals [and] policies are thought to be bogging down, prices will suffer.” See: How U.S. stocks tend to perform after presidential inaugurations In a measure of how uncertainty wasn't alleviated by the news conference, the CBOE Volatility VIX, -2.69%  at one time rose more than 5%, though it remains well below its long-term average. Typically, the so-called “fear index” has an inverse correlation with stocks. “There’s a lot of indecisiveness in the market. We can’t seem to built on a rally or get any sustained momentum in a correction,” said Mark Luschini, chief investment strategist at Janney Montgomery Scott. “Investors are playing both sides, trying to figure out what earnings will look like, and what the Trump administration will look like in terms of actual policy.” Read: Why chasing after high-yield dividend stocks is bad news Markets have advanced since Trump’s election in early November, with key indexes hitting repeated records. That rally has shown signs of stalling of late, with some analysts worried that the gains have gotten overdone. Investors also watched the confirmation hearings of Rex Tillerson, Trump’s nominee to head the State Department. Russia and China were major topics of discussion in the hearings. Here's what Trump means for the tech industry(1:34) Why not all of Trump's proposed policies may have a harmful effect on Silicon Valley. Need to know: The biggest risk as markets shrug at the Trump-Russia imbroglio Joseph Quinlan, head of market and thematic strategy at Bank of America Private Wealth Management, said the coming administration has been more hard-line toward China while sympathetic to Russia. “The shifting U.S. policy stance towards Russia and China presents asymmetric risks to Corporate America,” he said in a report. “Of the two dance partners, U.S. economic/financial linkages with China are far thicker and critical to U.S. firms relative to shallow U.S.-Russian ties. What’s more, the market potential of China is infinitely more attractive than Russia.” Read: Trump’s game of chicken with China is a lose-lose situation Economic docket: Investors will hear from several Fed officials over the next two days, including Chairwoman Janet Yellen, and retail sales data are due Friday. Stocks to watch: The iShares Nasdaq Biotechnology ETF IBB, +0.39%  fell 3% while the SPDR S&P Biotech ETF XBI, +0.81%  lost 3.4% and the VanEck Vectors Biotech ETF BBH, +0.22% dropped 2.7%. More broadly, the Health Care Select Sector SPDR ETF XLV, +0.10%  fell 1%. Supervalu Inc. SVU, +0.24%  reported sales below forecasts, sending shares down 7.5% in early trading. Merck & Co. MRK, +0.21%  rose 2.9% after the drugmaker said the Food and Drug Administration would grant a priority review for one of its lung-cancer drug treatments. Ford Motor Co. F, +0.32%  announced a special dividend and gave updates on its forecasts late Tuesday. Shares fell 1.4%. Read: Is this the year for stock pickers? Here are 20 picks from Citi Other markets: European stocks SXXP, +0.95% ended modestly higher. In Asia, ADOW, -0.57% stocks outside of China broadly rose. The dollar DXY, +0.02%  regained some strength across the board, particularly against the British pound GBPUSD, -1.2641% which weakened after a reports on industrial production and the trade deficit. Crude-oil prices CLG7, +0.17%  rebounded, adding more than 2%, after two straight day of losses, with investors focusing on a report on U.S. supply data due later. Gold prices GCG7, +0.42%  extended gains. —Barbara Kollmeyer contributed to this article More from MarketWatch As the iPhone Turns 10, What's Next for Smartphones? Unlimited Data Returns... With Some Limits Tillerson and Rubio Spar Over Russia Related Topics U.S. Stocks Markets NY Stock Exchange NASDAQ Quote References DJIA -5.27 -0.03% ESH7 -4.25 -0.19% COMP +26.63 +0.48% VIX -0.31 -2.69% IBB +1.08 +0.39% XBI +0.52 +0.81% BBH +0.25 +0.22% XLV +0.07 +0.10% SVU +0.01 +0.24% MRK +0.13 +0.21% F +0.04 +0.32% SXXP +3.43 +0.95% ADOW -17.61 -0.57% DXY +0.02 +0.02% GBPUSD -0.0154 -1.2641% CLG7 +0.09 +0.17% GCG7 +5.00 +0.42% Show all references Most Popular Why Goldman sees only 90 good days for U.S. stocks in 2017 More Democratic lawmakers plan on boycotting Trump’s inauguration Stocks may need a flawless earnings season to keep Trump rally going CIA chief John Brennan has a stern warning for Donald Trump Tour the house Obama will live in after he moves out of the White House MarketWatch Partner Center We Want to Hear from You Join the conversation Comment Luxury Real Estate Essential apps for your smart home hub View More SectorWatch These dogs make up to $10k per social media post View More Real Estate 2016's most popular homes were led by the biggest fixer-upper of all time View More Barron's Next When leaving a job, take the 401k money and run View More Sponsored Headlines MarketWatch Site Index Topics Help Feedback Newsroom Roster Media Archive Premium Products Mobile Company Company Info Code of Conduct Corrections Advertising Media Kit Advertise Locally Reprints & Licensing Broker Center Your Ad Choices Dow Jones Network WSJ.com Barron's Online BigCharts Virtual Stock Exchange Financial News Online WSJ.com Small Business realtor.com Mansion Global Back to Top Copyright ©2017 MarketWatch, Inc. All rights reserved. By using this site you agree to the Terms of Service, Privacy Policy, and Cookie Policy. Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. Intraday data delayed per exchange requirements. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real time last sale data provided by NASDAQ. More information on NASDAQ traded symbols and their current financial status. Intraday data delayed 15 minutes for Nasdaq, and 20 minutes for other exchanges. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. SEHK intraday data is provided by SIX Financial Information and is at least 60-minutes delayed. All quotes are in local exchange time. Advanced Search Stocks Columns Authors Topics No results found Dow Jones Industrial Average DJ-Index: DJIA 19,885.73 -5.27 (-0.03%) Volume 263.8M Open 19,913 High 19,952 Low 19,849 P/E Ratio 0 Div Yield 0 Market Cap N/A E-Mini S&P 500 Future - Electronic Mar 2017 U.S.: CME: ESH7 2,268.25 -4.25 (-0.19%) Volume 10621 Open 2,270 High 2,271 Low 2,268 P/E Ratio 0 Div Yield 0 Market Cap N/A NASDAQ Composite Index U.S.: Nasdaq: COMP 5,574.12 +26.63 (+0.48%) Volume 0 Open 5,558 High 5,584 Low 5,557 P/E Ratio 0 Div Yield 0 Market Cap N/A CBOE Volatility Index MDX CBOE IND: VIX 11.23 -0.31 (-2.69%) Volume 0 Open 11.45 High 11.62 Low 10.94 P/E Ratio 0 Div Yield 0 Market Cap N/A iShares Nasdaq Biotechnology ETF U.S.: Nasdaq: IBB $280.01 +1.08 (+0.39%) Volume 1.4M Open $278.88 High $282.70 Low $278.35 P/E Ratio 0 Div Yield 0.13 Market Cap N/A SPDR S&P Biotech ETF U.S.: NYSE Arca: XBI $65.00 +0.52 (+0.81%) Volume 6.7M Open $64.36 High $65.79 Low $64.36 P/E Ratio 0 Div Yield 0.11 Market Cap N/A VanEck Vectors Biotech ETF U.S.: Nasdaq: BBH $113.80 +0.25 (+0.22%) Volume 111.6K Open $113.44 High $114.76 Low $113.44 P/E Ratio 0 Div Yield 0 Market Cap N/A Health Care Select Sector SPDR ETF U.S.: NYSE Arca: XLV $70.92 +0.07 (+0.10%) Volume 5.2M Open $70.91 High $71.16 Low $70.75 P/E Ratio 0 Div Yield 1.72 Market Cap N/A SUPERVALU Inc. U.S.: NYSE: SVU $4.24 +0.01 (+0.24%) Volume 5.4M Open $4.25 High $4.34 Low $4.18 P/E Ratio 10.98 Div Yield 0 Market Cap 1.1B Merck & Co. Inc. U.S.: NYSE: MRK $62.34 +0.13 (+0.21%) Volume 9.6M Open $62.33 High $62.68 Low $62.10 P/E Ratio 31.81 Div Yield 3.02 Market Cap 171.9B Ford Motor Co. U.S.: NYSE: F $12.63 +0.04 (+0.32%) Volume 28.9M Open $12.62 High $12.67 Low $12.50 P/E Ratio 6.3 Div Yield 4.75 Market Cap 50.2B STOXX Europe 600 Index EUR STOXX: SXXP 365.94 +3.43 (+0.95%) Volume 0 Open 363.12 High 365.94 Low 363.12 P/E Ratio 0 Div Yield 0 Market Cap N/A The Asia Dow Index USD DJ-Index: ADOW 3,046.98 -17.61 (-0.57%) Volume 0 Open 3,068 High 3,074 Low 3,046 P/E Ratio 0 Div Yield 0 Market Cap N/A U.S. Dollar Index (DXY) U.S.: ICE Futures U.S.: DXY 101.46 +0.02 (+0.02%) Volume 0 Open 101.42 High 101.48 Low 101.37 P/E Ratio 0 Div Yield 0 Market Cap N/A British Pound Tullett Prebon: GBPUSD 1.2029 -0.0154 (-1.2641%) Volume 0 Open 1.22 High 1.22 Low 1.20 P/E Ratio 0 Div Yield 0 Market Cap N/A Crude Oil - Electronic Feb 2017 U.S.: Nymex: CLG7 $52.46 +0.09 (+0.17%) Volume 4439 Open $52.55 High $52.63 Low $52.39 P/E Ratio 0 Div Yield 0 Market Cap N/A Gold - Electronic Feb 2017 U.S.: Comex: GCG7 $1,201.20 +5.00 (+0.42%) Volume 15959 Open $1,199 High $1,206 Low $1,198 P/E Ratio 0 Div Yield 0 Market Cap N/A LatestNews
Contact Us Journalists Blog Log In Sign Up Send a Release News Solutions Resources Search News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News dansk Deutsch español Français italiano Nederlands norsk português suomeksi svenska Neurological Disorder Drugs Market - Europe Industry Analysis, Size, Share, Growth, Trends, and Forecast 2016 - 2024 News provided by ReportBuyer Jan 11, 2017, 12:40 ET Share this article LONDON, Jan. 11, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- Europe Neurological Disorder Drugs Market: Overview This report on the neurological disorder drugs market studies the current as well as future prospects of the market in Europe. Health concern related to life threatening diseases are the major concerns in the developed and developing countries of Europe. This research report provides a detailed analysis of the neurological disorder drugs market and helps understand the various driving factors for the growth of the market. The market overview section analyzes market dynamics and trends such as drivers, restraints and opportunities that influence the current nature and future status of the market. Market dynamics factors such as market attractiveness analysis have also been explained in order to deliver a thorough analysis of the overall competitive scenario of the Europe neurological disorder drugs market. Europe Neurological Disorder Drugs Market: Segmentation The neurological disorder drugs market has been segmented by disorder, by drug class, by distribution channel and by countries. The disorder segment has been sub-segmented into Epilepsy, Parkinson's disease, Alzheimer's disease, Multiple Sclerosis, Cerebrovascular disease and others. The drug class has been segmented into Anticholinergic, Antiepileptic, Antipsychotic, Analgesics, Hypnotic & Sedative, Antihypertensive, Anticoagulants and others. The distribution channel segment has been sub-segments into retail pharmacy, hospital pharmacy and eCommerce. Europe Neurological Disorder Drugs Market: Scope The executive summary provides detailed insights about the report and the market in general. This elaborate executive summary provides a glimpse into the present scenario of the Europe neurological disorder drugs market, which includes a market snapshot that provides overall information of various segments and sub-segments. The executive summary also provides overall information and data analysis of the Europe neurological disorder drugs market with respect to market segments based on disorder, drug class, distribution channel as well as geographic regions. The market for neurological disorder drugs has been extensively analyzed based on their usefulness, effectiveness, sales revenue and geographic presence. The market size and forecast in terms of US$ Mn for each disorder, drug class, distribution channel as well as geographic regions has been provided for the period from 2016 to 2024. This report on the neurological disorder drugs market also provides the compound annual growth rate (CAGR %) for each market segment for the forecast period from 2016 to 2024, considering 2015 as the base year. Europe Neurological Disorder Drugs Market: Regional Outlook Geographically, the neurological disorder drugs market has been segmented into 10 major regions: Germany, France, Italy, Spain, U.K., Russia, Switzerland, Netherlands, Poland and Rest of Europe. The market size and forecast for each of these regions have been provided for the period from 2016 to 2024, along with CAGR (%) for the forecast period from 2016 to 2024. The research study also incorporates the competitive scenario in these regions. Key Players Mentioned in this Report are: A list of recommendations has been provided for new entrants as well as existing players to help establish a strong presence in the market and increase market share. The report also profiles major players in the neurological disorder drugs market based on various attributes such as company overview, financial overview, business strategies, product portfolio and recent developments. Major players profiled in this report include Merck & Co., Boehringer Ingelheim GmbH, Bayer AG, Astra Zeneca, F-Hoffmann-La Roche Ltd., Teva Pharmaceutical Industries Ltd., Novartis AG, and GlaxoSmithKline plc. The Europe Neurological Disorder Drugs market is segmented as follows: Europe Neurological Disorder Drugs Market Revenue, by Disorder Epilepsy Alzheimer's disease Parkinson's disease Multiple Sclerosis Cerebrovascular disease Others Europe Neurological Disorder Drugs Market Revenue, by Drug Class Anticholinergic Antiepileptic Antipsychotic Hypnotic & Sedative Analgesics Antihypertensive Anticoagulants Others Europe Neurological Disorder Drugs Market Revenue, by Distribution Channel Retail Pharmacy Hospital Pharmacy eCommerce Europe Neurological Disorder Drugs Market Revenue, by Geography Germany France Italy Spain UK Russia Switzerland Netherlands Poland Rest of Europe Download the full report: https://www.reportbuyer.com/product/4603770/ About Reportbuyer Reportbuyer is a leading industry intelligence solution that provides all market research reports from top publishers http://www.reportbuyer.com For more information: Sarah Smith Research Advisor at Reportbuyer.com Email: query@reportbuyer.com   Tel: +44 208 816 85 48  Website: www.reportbuyer.com To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/neurological-disorder-drugs-market---europe-industry-analysis-size-share-growth-trends-and-forecast-2016---2024-300389523.html SOURCE ReportBuyer Related Links http://www.reportbuyer.com Jan 11, 2017, 12:44 ET Preview: Maximizing Direct-to-Consumer Opportunities in Insurance Jan 11, 2017, 12:37 ET Preview: Global Markets for Medical Imaging Analysis Equipment My News Release contains wide tables. View fullscreen. Also from this source Jan 12, 2017, 15:22 ET2016-2021 Emerging US Point-of-Care/POC Clinical Chemistry... Jan 12, 2017, 15:19 ETFrontier Pharma: Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus - GPCRs and Protein... Explore More news releases in similar topics Publishing & Information Services Health Care & Hospitals Surveys, Polls and Research You just read: Neurological Disorder Drugs Market - Europe Industry Analysis, Size, Share, Growth, Trends, and Forecast 2016 - 2024 News provided by ReportBuyer Jan 11, 2017, 12:40 ET Share this article Looking to send a news release with PR Newswire? Take advantage of the world's leading distribution platform. Sign up to get started Request more information Have an account? Log In Phone 8AM - 10PM ET +1-888-776-0942 Send a Release Sign Up Blog For Journalists Contact Us Search Searching for your content... Advanced Search Contact 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Chat Online with an Expert Contact Us Solutions Cision Communication Cloud™ For Marketers For Public Relations For IR & Compliance For Agency For Small Business All Products About About PR Newswire About Cision Become a Publishing Partner Become a Channel Partner Careers   Global Sites Asia Brazil Canada Europe Finland France India Israel Mexico Middle East Netherlands Sweden United Kingdom My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Terms of Use Privacy Policy Information Security Policy Statement Site Map RSS Feeds Copyright © 2017 PR Newswire Association LLC. All Rights Reserved. A Cision company. News Solutions Resources News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News dansk Deutsch español Français italiano Nederlands norsk português suomeksi svenska Phone +1-888-776-0942 8AM - 10PM ET Chat Chat Online with an Expert All contact info Send a ReleaseLog In
Business Stocks close up; drug firms dive after Trump says they're 'getting away with murder' New York Stock Exchange Mark Lennihan / Associated Press The New York Stock Exchange building in Lower Manhattan. The New York Stock Exchange building in Lower Manhattan. (Mark Lennihan / Associated Press) Associated Press Energy companies led U.S. stocks modestly higher Wednesday, nudging the Nasdaq composite index to its fifth record-high close in a row. Rising crude oil prices gave energy companies a boost, including oil rig operator Transocean, which rose 4%. Traders also bid up shares in utilities. Healthcare stocks fell after President-elect Donald Trump spoke about the need for the government to stem drug costs by creating new bidding procedures. The stock market spent much of the day wavering between small gains and losses as investors sized up outlooks from several companies ahead of the latest batch of corporate earnings reports. “The heavy load comes in the coming weeks,” said Tim Dreiling, regional investment director for U.S. Bank's Private Client Reserve. “There's a little bit of a wait-and-see on what those earnings numbers look like.” The Dow Jones industrial average rose 98.75 points, or 0.5%, to 19,954.28. The Standard & Poor's 500 index advanced 6.42 points, or 0.3%, to 2,275.32. The Nasdaq gained 11.83 points, or 0.2%, to 5,563.65. The index has risen every day this year. During a news conference Wednesday morning, Trump said the government has to create new bidding procedures for the pharmaceutical industry “because they're getting away with murder.” The remarks sent healthcare stocks broadly lower, particularly pharmaceutical companies’ shares. At one point, drugmakers and one prescription drug distributor accounted for the nine biggest losers in the S&P 500. Pharmaceutical company Endo International led the decliners in the S&P 500 index, sliding 8.5% to $14.01. Perrigo slid 6.9% to $77.88. Mallinckrodt slumped 6.2% to $50.44. Not all drugmakers had a bad day. Merck rose 2.9% to $61.63 on news that the Food and Drug Administration will do a quick review of one of the company's drugs for its potential to treat a type of lung cancer. Big U.S. companies start reporting fourth-quarter earnings this week. On Friday, JPMorgan Chase, Wells Fargo and Bank of America are to release their results. “As we look into 2017, we still expect equities are going to be able to grind higher, because we still have enough of an economic push to do that,” Dreiling said. “But a move up in equities is going to have to come from earnings. Otherwise, these valuations look pretty stretched, pretty rich at these levels.” Investors had their eye Wednesday on companies that released earnings or forecasts of their upcoming quarterly results. SuperValu slid 7.5% to $4.43 after the grocery store operator announced a weak third-quarter profit, partly because of falling food prices. Read more: Why cheaper food in 2016 was not necessarily good news » Traders bid up shares in several companies that projected strong fourth-quarter results. Intuitive Surgical climbed 2.4% to $678.16, and medical device maker Stryker advanced 1.4% to $123.66. Quarterly outlooks from other companies failed to impress investors. Signet Jewelers cut its profit forecast for the fourth quarter and current fiscal year, noting its sales fell 5% over the holidays. The stock fell 3.2% to $84.70. Auto parts supplier BorgWarner slid 1.6% to $40.12 after it issued a profit and sales forecast that fell short of what Wall Street was anticipating. Oil prices rose: Benchmark U.S. crude climbed $1.43, or 2.8%, to $52.25 a barrel. Brent crude, which is used to price oil sold internationally, rose $1.46, or 2.7%, to $55.10 a barrel. Wholesale gasoline rose 5 cents to $1.59 a gallon, and heating oil rose 4 cents to $1.65 a gallon. Natural gas futures fell 5 cents to $3.22 per 1,000 cubic feet. Bond prices rose. The yield on the 10-year Treasury note fell to 2.36% from Tuesday's 2.38%. The dollar fell to 115.43 yen from 115.73 yen. The euro rose to $1.0576 from $1.0560. The pound, which has been declining amid concern that Britain might break completely from the European Union's single market, gained ground on the dollar, rising to $1.2208 from $1.2163. Gold rose $11.10 to $1,196.60 an ounce. Silver fell 2 cents to $16.83 an ounce. Copper was little changed at $2.61 a pound. Germany's DAX rose 0.5%, while France's CAC 40 was essentially flat. Britain's FTSE 100 gained 0.2%. A strong earnings forecast from Samsung Electronics helped drive gains on the South Korean stock market, where the Kospi rose 1.5% to its highest close in more than a year. Japan's benchmark Nikkei 225 rose 0.3%. Australia's S&P/ASX 200 added 0.2%. Hong Kong's Hang Seng gained 0.8%.  Caption Weekend Roundup: 7 stories you can't miss What values does Hollywood promote? A storm that hit Northern California toppled the Pioneer Cabin Tree. Who should discipline police officers? Michelle King has made no big waves in her first year running Los Angeles Unified. A state watchdog agency is investigating political donations connected to real estate developer Samuel Leung. The Chargers are moving to L.A. Obama's legacy: part 1. California’s drought conditions have improved in the northern part of the state. What values does Hollywood promote? A storm that hit Northern California toppled the Pioneer Cabin Tree. Who should discipline police officers? Michelle King has made no big waves in her first year running Los Angeles Unified. A state watchdog agency is investigating political donations connected to real estate developer Samuel Leung. The Chargers are moving to L.A. Obama's legacy: part 1. California’s drought conditions have improved in the northern part of the state. Caption Weekend Roundup: 7 stories you can't miss What values does Hollywood promote? A storm that hit Northern California toppled the Pioneer Cabin Tree. Who should discipline police officers? Michelle King has made no big waves in her first year running Los Angeles Unified. A state watchdog agency is investigating political donations connected to real estate developer Samuel Leung. The Chargers are moving to L.A. Obama's legacy: part 1. California’s drought conditions have improved in the northern part of the state. What values does Hollywood promote? A storm that hit Northern California toppled the Pioneer Cabin Tree. Who should discipline police officers? Michelle King has made no big waves in her first year running Los Angeles Unified. A state watchdog agency is investigating political donations connected to real estate developer Samuel Leung. The Chargers are moving to L.A. Obama's legacy: part 1. California’s drought conditions have improved in the northern part of the state. Caption 90 seconds: 4 stories you can't miss The Chargers are moving to L.A., Obama's legacy: part 1, California’s drought conditions have improved in the northern part of the state, and Sean McVay, the new Los Angeles Rams coach, becomes the youngest NFL head coach in modern history. The Chargers are moving to L.A., Obama's legacy: part 1, California’s drought conditions have improved in the northern part of the state, and Sean McVay, the new Los Angeles Rams coach, becomes the youngest NFL head coach in modern history. Caption Laurel Canyon mudslide Video by Al Seib / Los Angeles Times Video by Al Seib / Los Angeles Times Caption Raw video: Surveillance video of fatal LAPD shooting of 16-year-old The family of 16-year-old Jose Mendez, who was fatally shot by the LAPD last year, released surveillance video of the February 2016 shooting. The family of 16-year-old Jose Mendez, who was fatally shot by the LAPD last year, released surveillance video of the February 2016 shooting. Caption 90 seconds: 4 stories you can't miss Donald Trump's independent streak was on vivid display at Wednesday's news conference. Is the great California drought finally calling it quits? Michelle King has made no big waves in her first year running Los Angeles Unified. A state watchdog agency is investigating political donations connected to real estate developer Samuel Leung. Donald Trump's independent streak was on vivid display at Wednesday's news conference. Is the great California drought finally calling it quits? Michelle King has made no big waves in her first year running Los Angeles Unified. A state watchdog agency is investigating political donations connected to real estate developer Samuel Leung. ALSO American Apparel is sold at auction to Canada's Gildan Activewear Snapchat maker Snap dodges uproar — and maybe taxes — with London office Frank Gehry's $1-billion downtown project could finally be a go after infusion of Chinese capital UPDATES: 2:25 p.m.: This article was updated with closing prices, context and analyst comment. 9:35 a.m.: This article was updated with market prices and context. This article was originally published at 7 a.m. Privacy Policy Copyright © 2017, The San Diego Union-Tribune Pharmaceutical Industry Drugs and Medicines Donald Trump NASDAQ European Union JPMorgan Chase & Co. Samsung Group How these Los Angeles-born pink hats became a worldwide symbol of the anti-Trump women's march Race is an integral part of Obama's story, and he embraced its complexity Some malls are banning teens amid disturbances and unruly gatherings fueled by social media Chargers Latest Most Popular Today's Paper Jobs Homes Cars Customer Help 60°
× We hope you have enjoyed your complimentary access for the month. Already a subscriber? Click on the button below to set up your account or log in if you already have one. Want to become a subscriber? Purchase a digital-only subscription now for unlimited online access to local news and information. Digital-only Access Unlimited Access to: lacrossetribune.com mobile web and mobile apps e-replica edition of printed newspaper Digital-only access only $12.00/mo Current Subscriber? Set up your account Log In Current Subscriber? Set up Account You are the owner of this article. Edit Article Add New Article Sign Up Log In Dashboard Logout My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout Subscribe Customer Service Sections News Nation/world Wisconsin Minnesota Iowa Business Sports Area high schools Area colleges La Crosse Loggers Auto racing Badgers Outdoors Scoreboard Weather Opinion Letters to the editor Submit a letter Obituaries Calendar of events Entertainment Puzzles & Games Dining Lifestyles Advice Health Home & garden Food Travel Celebrations Submit a Celebration Anniversaries Births Birthdays Congratulations Engagements Misc Thank You Weddings River Valley Media Group Onalaska Holmen Courier-Life Coulee News Houston County News Vernon County Broadcaster Westby Times Tomah Journal Jackson County Chronicle Winona Daily News Chippewa Herald Dunn County News Buy & Sell Business Directory Car Soup Real estate Jobs Classifieds Place an Ad Weekly Ads e-Edition Activate your subscription Jobs Contact Us Toggle navigation Menu Search Search Log In Using Your Account Log In Don't have an account? Sign Up Today My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout 26° La Crosse, WI (54601) Today A mix of frozen precipation late. Tonight Mostly cloudy with periods of light freezing rain after midnight. Low 19F. Winds light and variable. Chance of precip 40%. Updated: January 15, 2017 @ 7:15 pm Full Forecast News Sports Obituaries Opinion Buy & Sell Close Mark Lennihan FILE - This July 16, 2013, file photo, shows a Wall Street street sign outside the New York Stock Exchange. The major U.S. stock indexes edged higher in early trading Wednesday, Jan. 11, 2017, as investors looked ahead to the start of corporate earnings reports later in the week. Energy stocks led the gainers as crude oil prices headed higher, while phone and real estate stocks lagged the most. (AP Photo/Mark Lennihan, File) AP Asian shares mixed after Trump offers scant policy details By EILEEN NG Associated Press Updated Jan 11, 2017 0 Mark Lennihan FILE - This July 16, 2013, file photo, shows a Wall Street street sign outside the New York Stock Exchange. The major U.S. stock indexes edged higher in early trading Wednesday, Jan. 11, 2017, as investors looked ahead to the start of corporate earnings reports later in the week. Energy stocks led the gainers as crude oil prices headed higher, while phone and real estate stocks lagged the most. (AP Photo/Mark Lennihan, File) KUALA LUMPUR, Malaysia (AP) — Asian shares were mixed Thursday following President-elect Donald Trump's press conference. Trump offered scant details on policies, disappointing investors hoping for a clearer sense of his plans for trade and economic stimulus. KEEPING SCORE: Japan's benchmark Nikkei 225 shed 0.9 percent to 19,192.76. Hong Kong's Hang Seng dipped 0.1 percent to 22,916.85, and the Shanghai Composite was also down 0.1 percent at 3,133.80. Australia's S&P/ASX 200 added 0.2 percent to 5,784.40 and South Korea's Kospi gained 0.3 percent at 2,080.39. Shares in Southeast Asia were mostly higher. WALL STREET: The Nasdaq hit a fifth record-high close in a row, gaining 11.83 points, or 0.2 percent, to 5,563.65. The Dow Jones industrial average rose 98.75 points, or 0.5 percent, to 19,954.28. The S&P 500 index added 6.42 points, or 0.3 percent, to 2,275.32. TRUMP NEWS: Trump's first news conference in nearly six months was an anti-climax, with scant details on his plans for infrastructure spending and tax reforms. Trump attacked U.S. intelligence services and big pharmaceutical companies, instead of outlining his platform. His comment that the government should change bidding procedures for the pharmaceutical industry "because they're getting away with murder," drove health care stocks lower THE QUOTE: "It is what he didn't mention - fiscal stimulus — that worries market participants. The U.S. dollar rally was based on the assumption that Trump's administration will push through a massive infrastructure building and fiscal stimulus package, which will lead to higher inflation in the future," said Margaret Yang Yan, market analyst with CMC Markets in Singapore. "The slump in the U.S. dollar index last night indicated that assumption is now unwinding because the president-elect never even mentioned that key word 'stimulus'." ENERGY: Benchmark crude oil dipped 8 cents to $52.17 a barrel. It rose $1.43, or 2.8 percent, to close at $52.25 a barrel in New York on Wednesday. Brent crude, which is used to price oil sold internationally, fell 2 cents to $55.08. CURRENCIES: The dollar fell to 114.74 yen from 115.43 on Wednesday. The euro rose to $1.0603 from $1.0576. Get breaking news sent instantly to your inbox Sign Up! LaCrosseTribune.com Breaking News Obituaries I understand and agree that registration on or use of this site consitutes agreement to its user agreement and privacy policy. Tags Wire Business General News Currency Markets Oil And Gas Industry Debt And Bond Markets Financial Markets Leading Economic Indicators Economy Corporate Stock Corporate News Stock Markets Energy Industry Commodity Markets Pharmaceutical Manufacturing Health Care Reform Health Care Industry Financial Performance Political Issues Government And Politics Health Care Policy Government Policy Economic Policy Government Business And Finance × Post a comment Emoticons [smile] [beam] [wink] [sad] [cool] [innocent] [rolleyes] [whistling] [lol] [huh] [tongue] [love] [sleeping] [yawn] [unsure] [angry] [blink] [crying] [ohmy] [scared] [sleep] [sneaky] [tongue_smile] [thumbdown] [thumbup] [censored] [happybirthday] [ban] [spam] [offtopic] [batman] [ninja] [pirate] [alien] Comment Text Cancel Post comment × Report Cancel Report Abuse × Watch this discussion. Stop watching this discussion. Get an email notification whenever someone contributes to the discussion Notifications from this discussion will be disabled. Cancel Start watching Stop watching View (0) comments (0) comments Welcome to the discussion. Log In Keep it Clean. Please avoid obscene, vulgar, lewd, racist or sexually-oriented language. PLEASE TURN OFF YOUR CAPS LOCK. Don't Threaten. Threats of harming another person will not be tolerated. Be Truthful. Don't knowingly lie about anyone or anything. Be Nice. No racism, sexism or any sort of -ism that is degrading to another person. Be Proactive. Use the 'Report' link on each comment to let us know of abusive posts. Share with Us. We'd love to hear eyewitness accounts, the history behind an article. Post a comment Watch this discussion. Stop watching this discussion. loading... POPULAR IN THIS SECTION APNewsBreak: Ringling Bros. circus to close after 146 years US midsection grapples with pesky ice storm; more on way More freezing rain hits portion of central US Rock slide closes 2 miles of Zion National Park scenic drive Immigrant groups to rally against Trump's planned crackdown Business Directory Latest Local Offers Winona Leasing & Sales In search of a rental service for your moving, hauling or recreational needs? Come to Winona Leasing today! Visit us at 1777 W. Service Drive, Winona, MN or call us at (507)-454-3671! Updated Jan 9, 2017 Rod's Ride On Powersports Did you know Rod's Ride On Powersports has a bargain section for parts and accessories? Click here to learn more! 608-788-4514 Updated Jan 11, 2017 ≫ today's question Which month is your favorite? You voted: January February March April May June July August September October November December Vote View Results Back ≫ things to do Jan 15 Omelette breakfast Sun, Jan 15, 2017 @ 8:00 am Jan 15 Faith-based sexuality class Sun, Jan 15, 2017 @ 10:00 am Jan 15 Simple Roots with Pigtown Fling String Band Sun, Jan 15, 2017 @ 12:30 pm Jan 15 Women of the Moose bingo Sun, Jan 15, 2017 @ 1:00 pm Jan 15 Bingo Sun, Jan 15, 2017 @ 3:00 pm Jan 15 Bingo Sun, Jan 15, 2017 @ 2:00 pm Click here for more events Submit your event More Jobs Top Jobs Job Board 30517695.pdf 30521183.pdf Bulletin Local Business Search local business directory I'm looking for: Located near: Hint: Enter a keyword that you are looking for like tires, pizza or doctors or browse the full business directory. View local offers Local Businesses La Crescent Insurance 205 N Chestnut St Suite 101, La Crescent, WI 55947 St Charles Assisted Living In 402 W 4th St, St Charles, MN 55972 Freighthouse Restaurant 107 Vine Street, La Crosse, WI 54601 151 Hair Company 151 Sand Lake Rd, Onalaska, WI 54650 Currents Football NFL Divisional Round: Predicting each matchup +40 Election 2016 Live Photos: Melania Trump through the years Election 2016 Live QUIZ: How well do you know Donald Trump? Today's Birthdays, Jan. 13: Rip Taylor Today In History, Jan. 13: Costa Concordia Today’s top pics: Europe in deep freeze and more Your daily 6: New homes for Don Draper ... and the San Diego Chargers DeMar DeRozan scores 23 points, Raptors rout Knicks 116-101 Curry, Warriors ready for another Cavs rematch Seahawks go into offseason dejected at another missed chance Bazemore, Dunleavy pick up offense, Hawks beat Bucks TODAY'S TOP VIDEO Video: Officials spell out inauguration security plans Video: Oregon zoo animals frolic in the snow Video: Study finds lower mortality risk for ‘weekend warriors’ Video: Ruby seadragon filmed for the first time News and Features Obituaries Business Entertainment Lifestyles News Opinion Sports River Valley Business Report Online Features Buy & Sell Advertise with Us Buy & Sell Car Soup Real estate Jobs Classifieds Celebrations Shop Local Businesses River Valley Media Group La Crosse Tribune Onalaska Holmen Courier-Life Coulee News Houston County News Vernon County Broadcaster Westby Times Tomah Journal Jackson County Chronicle Winona Daily News Chippewa Herald Dunn County News Print and digital advertising © Copyright 2017 La Crosse Tribune, 401 N. Third Street La Crosse, WI | Terms of Use | Privacy Policy Advertise with Us www.RVMG.biz
e-Edition Obituaries Special Sections Special Occasions Subscribe Paywall Login Login to Comment Register January 15th, 2017 Menu Home News Sports Business Entertainment Classifieds Life Commentary Contact Local News Provincial News National News World News US stock indexes edge mostly higher in midday trading Poll Do you agree with the Supreme Court decision that Alberta’s energy regulator has immunity from being sued? Yes No View Results  Loading ... Follow @LethHerald on twitter By Alex Veiga, The Associated Press on January 11, 2017. FILE - This July 16, 2013, file photo, shows a Wall Street street sign outside the New York Stock Exchange. The major U.S. stock indexes edged higher in early trading Wednesday, Jan. 11, 2017, as investors looked ahead to the start of corporate earnings reports later in the week. Energy stocks led the gainers as crude oil prices headed higher, while phone and real estate stocks lagged the most. (AP Photo/Mark Lennihan, File) Energy companies led U.S. stocks mostly higher in midday trading Wednesday as crude oil prices headed higher. Health care stocks slumped after President-elect Donald Trump said the government needs to overhaul its bidding process for drugs from pharmaceutical companies. Investors were looking ahead to the start of corporate earnings reports later this week. KEEPING SCORE: The Dow Jones industrial average rose 73 points, or 0.4 per cent, to 19,928 as of 12 p.m. Eastern Time. The Standard & Poor’s 500 index gained 2 points, or 0.1 per cent, to 2,271. The Nasdaq composite index fell less than 1 point to 5,551. The Nasdaq has closed at a record high the past four days in a row. TRUMP FACTOR: During a press conference Wednesday morning, Trump said the government has to create new bidding procedures for the pharmaceutical drug industry “because they’re getting away with murder.” The remarks sent health care stocks broadly lower. Several pharmaceutical companies slumped, with Endo International falling 10.3 per cent, the biggest decliner in the S&P 500. The stock slid $1.58 to $13.73. Perrigo lost $7.12, or 8.5 per cent, to $76.53. Mallinckrodt tumbled $4.29, or 8 per cent, to $49.46. UNAPPETIZING RESULTS: SuperValu slid 8.4 per cent after the grocery store operator announced a weak third-quarter profit, partly because of falling food prices. The stock shed 40 cents to $4.39. SALES SLUMP: Signet Jewelers slid 3.7 per cent after the company cut its profit forecast for the fourth quarter and current fiscal year. Signet said its total sales fell 5 per cent over the holidays, citing technical problems at its e-commerce business. The stock fell $3.25 to $84.21. DISAPPOINTING FORECAST: Auto parts supplier BorgWarner was down 2.8 per cent after it issued a profit and sales forecast that fell short of what Wall Street was anticipating. The stock shed $1.13 to $39.64. FASTER IS BETTER: Drugmaker Merck rose 2.2 per cent on news that the Food and Drug Administration will do a quick review of one of the company’s drugs for its potential to treat a type of lung cancer. The stock added $1.31 at $61.23. HEALTHY OUTLOOK: Intuitive Surgical gained 1.6 per cent after the robotic surgical systems maker delivered a strong fourth-quarter sales forecast. The stock rose $10.77 to $672.97. EARNINGS SEASON: Big U.S. companies start reporting fourth-quarter earnings this week. On Friday JPMorgan Chase, Wells Fargo and Bank of America release their results. Still, investors had their eye on a few companies that released quarterly results Wednesday. MARKETS OVERSEAS: Germany’s DAX was up 0.5 per cent, while France’s CAC 40 was essentially flat. Britain’s FTSE 100 was up 0.2 per cent. In Asia, a strong earnings forecast from Samsung Electronics helped drive gains on the South Korean stock market, where the Kospi added 1.5 per cent and hit its highest close in over a year. Japan’s benchmark Nikkei 225 rose 0.3 per cent. Australia’s S&P/ASX 200 added 0.2 per cent. Hong Kong’s Hang Seng gained 0.8 per cent. ENERGY: Benchmark U.S. crude was up $1.23, or 2.4 per cent, at $52.05 a barrel in New York, having lost $1.14 the day before. Brent crude, which is used to price oil sold internationally, was up $1.28, or 2.4 per cent, at $54.92 a barrel in London. BONDS: Bond prices rose. The yield on the 10-year Treasury note fell to 2.36 per cent from 2.38 per cent late Tuesday. CURRENCIES: The pound continued to weaken amid concern that Britain might break off completely from the European Union’s single market. The currency was trading at $1.2066, down from $1.2163 the day before. The dollar rose to 116.61 yen from 115.73 yen late Tuesday. The euro fell to $1.0476 from $1.0560. 000000 000000 Leave a Reply Click here to cancel reply. You must be logged in to post a comment. More ways to get to us Facebook Twitter YouTube ePaper Login Subscribe Subscription Services Archive About Us The Lethbridge Herald Other Publications Food For Thought Contact Careers Contact the Lethbridge Herald 504 - 7th Street South Lethbridge, AB T1J 3Z7 [P] (403) 328-4411 [F] (403)328-4536 Print Advertising: (403) 328-4410 National Advertising: (403) 380-7585 Online Advertising: (403) 380-7585 Classifieds: (403) 328-4433 © 1996-2017 The Lethbridge Herald, A Division of Continental Newspapers Canada Ltd. Advertising Terms and Conditions & Privacy Policy
Home News Local News Crime Mug Shots Call 4 Action Photo Galleries National News International Politics Trump Transition Holiday Season Religion Featured Stories New York Business Health Entertainment Hollywood Today Live What’s Trending Traffic Wake Up! Weather Today’s Forecast 7-Day Forecast Radar Current Conditions Satellite Weather Blog Fall Foliage Free Weather App Alerts Closings Marine Forecast Canada News 4 Investigates Investigations Inside The Epidemic Your Food Dicey Dining Sports Buffalo Bills News 4 in London Buffalo Sabres UB Bulls Buffalo Bandits Buffalo Bisons High School Scholar Athletes Super Bowl 50 Report It Watch Live Watch News 4 Now The CW23 TV Listings More Free Mobile Apps Text Alerts Email Newsletters Healthy Living Company Listings Events Calendar Contests Community Fun 4 Families Staff Bios Careers Broadcast Scholarship Fall Festivals Company Listings 26° F Clear Hi: 33° F Lo: 21° F Today’s Forecast Radar 7-Day Menu Skip to content   Home News News Local News Crime Mug Shots Call 4 Action Photo Galleries National News International Politics Trump Transition Holiday Season Religion Featured Stories New York Business Health Entertainment Hollywood Today Live What’s Trending Traffic Wake Up! Latest Headlines PBS Kids round-the-clock TV, online channel launches Monday Updated: 11 mins ago PASADENA, Calif. (AP) — PBS is launching a round-the-clock children’s channel that will be available on member stations and digital platform… PBS: No ‘red flag’ on funding under Trump, but it’s early Updated: 11 mins ago PASADENA, Calif. (AP) — PBS is waiting, but not quietly, to see what the Trump administration’s impact on public broadcasting and its federa… Forecast predicts sharp plunge in UK merger activity 7:50 pm Stark inequality: Oxfam says 8 men as rich as half the world Updated: 11 mins ago Attorney General Lynch: ‘We have always pushed forward’ 7:10 pm Weather Weather Today’s Forecast 7-Day Forecast Radar Current Conditions Satellite Weather Blog Fall Foliage Free Weather App Alerts Closings Marine Forecast Canada Current Conditions 26° F Clear Feels Like: 26° F Wind: S 3 Humidity: 75% Dewpoint: 19° F Sunrise: 7:43 AM Sunset: 5:06 PM Buffalo Weather Forecast 7-Day Currently Buffalo Radar Sponsored by: News 4 Investigates News 4 Investigates Investigations Inside The Epidemic Your Food Dicey Dining Latest Headlines WNY Congressman joins fight for domestic violence registry January 10, 2017 A Southern Tier family has new hope now that Congressman Tom Reed has joined the fight for a federal domestic violence registry. Agents in the air help protect the border November 15, 2016 Look up the next you visit one of Western New York’s landmarks, and there’s a chance you’ll see federal agents in the air. U.S. Customs and … Love Canal lawsuits continue 40 years later October 31, 2016 WNY Family fighting for domestic violence registry October 5, 2016 EPA plans next phase of creek clean-up September 7, 2016 Sports Sports Buffalo Bills News 4 in London Buffalo Sabres UB Bulls Buffalo Bandits Buffalo Bisons High School Scholar Athletes Super Bowl 50 Latest Headlines Okogie, Stephens help Georgia Tech beat NC State 86-76 Updated: 6 mins ago RALEIGH, N.C. (AP) — Freshman Josh Okogie scored 27 points to help Georgia Tech beat North Carolina State 86-76 on Sunday night. Quinton Ste… Women’s Top 25 Fared Updated: 36 mins ago Sunday 1. UConn (16-0) did not play. Next: at Tulsa, Tuesday. 2. Baylor (17-1) beat Kansas 92-43. Next: vs. Iowa State, Wednesday. 3. Maryla… No. 10 Oregon State women beat Southern Cal 74-60 Updated: 6 mins ago Greenwood, Hayes lead SE Louisiana past McNeese St, 79-75 Updated: 36 mins ago Price’s hot hand helps La Salle drop Geo Washington 79-69 Updated: 36 mins ago Report It Watch Live Watch News 4 Now The CW23 TV Listings More Free Mobile Apps Text Alerts Email Newsletters Healthy Living Company Listings Events Calendar Contests Community Fun 4 Families Staff Bios Careers Broadcast Scholarship Fall Festivals Company Listings Search for: Search the site 26° F Clear Hi: 33° F Lo: 21° F Asian shares mixed after Trump offers scant policy details EILEEN NG, The Associated Press Published: January 11, 2017, 12:08 pm Updated: January 12, 2017, 3:08 pm Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window) Share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window) KUALA LUMPUR, Malaysia (AP) — Asian shares were mixed Thursday following President-elect Donald Trump’s press conference. Trump offered scant details on policies, disappointing investors hoping for a clearer sense of his plans for trade and economic stimulus. KEEPING SCORE: Japan’s benchmark Nikkei 225 shed 0.9 percent to 19,192.76. Hong Kong’s Hang Seng dipped 0.1 percent to 22,916.85, and the Shanghai Composite was also down 0.1 percent at 3,133.80. Australia’s S&P/ASX 200 added 0.2 percent to 5,784.40 and South Korea’s Kospi gained 0.3 percent at 2,080.39. Shares in Southeast Asia were mostly higher. WALL STREET: The Nasdaq hit a fifth record-high close in a row, gaining 11.83 points, or 0.2 percent, to 5,563.65. The Dow Jones industrial average rose 98.75 points, or 0.5 percent, to 19,954.28. The S&P 500 index added 6.42 points, or 0.3 percent, to 2,275.32. TRUMP NEWS: Trump’s first news conference in nearly six months was an anti-climax, with scant details on his plans for infrastructure spending and tax reforms. Trump attacked U.S. intelligence services and big pharmaceutical companies, instead of outlining his platform. His comment that the government should change bidding procedures for the pharmaceutical industry “because they’re getting away with murder,” drove health care stocks lower THE QUOTE: “It is what he didn’t mention – fiscal stimulus — that worries market participants. The U.S. dollar rally was based on the assumption that Trump’s administration will push through a massive infrastructure building and fiscal stimulus package, which will lead to higher inflation in the future,” said Margaret Yang Yan, market analyst with CMC Markets in Singapore. “The slump in the U.S. dollar index last night indicated that assumption is now unwinding because the president-elect never even mentioned that key word ‘stimulus’.” ENERGY: Benchmark crude oil dipped 8 cents to $52.17 a barrel. It rose $1.43, or 2.8 percent, to close at $52.25 a barrel in New York on Wednesday. Brent crude, which is used to price oil sold internationally, fell 2 cents to $55.08. CURRENCIES: The dollar fell to 114.74 yen from 115.43 on Wednesday. The euro rose to $1.0603 from $1.0576. Share this: Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window) Share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window) Click to email (Opens in new window) Click to print (Opens in new window) Advertisement « Previous Story — Next Story » WIVB.com provides commenting to allow for constructive discussion on the stories we cover. In order to comment here, you acknowledge you have read and agreed to our Terms of Service. Commenters who violate these terms, including use of vulgar language or racial slurs, will be banned. Please be respectful of the opinions of others. If you see an inappropriate comment, please flag it for our moderators to review. Note: Comments containing links are not allowed. Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Leave a Reply Cancel reply Enter your comment here... Fill in your details below or click an icon to log in: Email (required) (Address never made public) Name (required) Website You are commenting using your WordPress.com account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Twitter account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Facebook account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Google+ account. ( Log Out / Change ) Cancel Connecting to %s Notify me of new comments via email. Notify me of new posts via email. Advertisement Special Report Giving Gavin the gift of sound January 11, 2017 Gavin, who will be 3 in February, is nearly blind and would be severely deaf, without new cochlear implants Latest Stories Trending Stories Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement WIVB News 4 Buffalo, NY © 2000-2016 LIN Television Corporation, a Media General company. All rights reserved. Powered by WordPress.com VIP Sections Local News Weather Investigative Sports Report It Watch News 4 Live Station Contact Us Send a Birthday Photo Advertise Careers Internship Application Broadcast Scholarship Privacy Policy Terms of Use FCC Public File EEO Report Children’s TV Programming Report More Free Mobile Apps Text Alerts Email Newsletters Calendar Contests Community Staff Bios Our Partners CW23 WNLO Media General CBS CNN Follow Subscribe via RSS Follow us on Twitter Join us on Facebook Follow us on YouTube Follow us on Google+ Follow us on Instagram Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
Asian shares mixed after Trump offers scant policy details - CBS46 News Member Center: Create Account| Log In Manage Account| Log Out SITE SEARCHWEB SEARCH BY Local News Crime Cobb DeKalb Fulton Gwinnett Other Counties Georgia Politics US and World News North Georgia drought and wildfires Traffic Gas Prices Web Links News Tips WeatheRate & 3° Guarantee 7-Day Forecast Hourly Forecast Weekend Forecast Photo Friday Current Temperatures Interactive Map Live Radar Weather Maps Daily Pollen Count Weather Cams with Radar School Closings Download the CBS46 Weather App Photos CBS46 Live Stream Watch CBS Shows Metro Atlanta HD Live Look Cams Better Call Harry Videos Ticket Tuesday Positively Georgia CBS46 Cares Books to Kids Events Atlanta Falcons Atlanta Braves Atlanta Hawks SEC College Sports News Meet the Staff Program Schedule Watch CBS Shows Peachtree TV CBS46 Deals Job openings Internships Contests Closed Captioning Connect With CBS46 Print Asian shares mixed after Trump offers scant policy details Posted: Wednesday, January 11, 2017 10:23 AM EST Updated: Wednesday, January 11, 2017 10:13 PM EST NationalMore>> Central US Ice storm falls short of dire forecasts Central US Ice storm falls short of dire forecasts Updated: Sunday, January 15 2017 8:36 PM EST2017-01-16 01:36:37 GMT A third wave of sleet and drizzle could hit parts of the central U.S. on the eve of the holiday, and temperatures threaten to stay near or below freezing and add to the treacherous mix.More > Sleet and drizzle glazed swaths of the central U.S. on Sunday, extending icy weather that some meteorologists acknowledged fell short of dire forecasts.More > Thousands rally to resist Republican health law repeal drive Thousands rally to resist Republican health law repeal drive Updated: Sunday, January 15 2017 8:06 PM EST2017-01-16 01:06:17 GMT Thousands of people are showing up for a rally in suburban Detroit where U.S. Sen. Bernie Sanders will speak in support of President Barack Obama's signature health care law.More > Thousands of people showed up in freezing temperatures on Sunday in Michigan to hear Sen. Bernie Sanders denounce Republican efforts to repeal President Barack Obama's health care law, one of dozens of rallies...More > PBS: No 'red flag' on funding under Trump, but it's early PBS: No 'red flag' on funding under Trump, but it's early Updated: Sunday, January 15 2017 7:56 PM EST2017-01-16 00:56:15 GMT PBS is waiting, but not quietly, to see what the Trump administration's impact on public broadcasting and its federal funding may be, PBS chief executive Paula Kerger said.More > PBS is waiting, but not quietly, to see what the Trump administration's impact on public broadcasting and its federal funding may be, PBS chief executive Paula Kerger said.More > 3 Nevada Democrats want ex-senator statue out of US Capitol 3 Nevada Democrats want ex-senator statue out of US Capitol Updated: Sunday, January 15 2017 3:36 PM EST2017-01-15 20:36:11 GMT Three Democratic congressional representatives are asking state lawmakers to act to remove a statue of former Nevada senator from the U.S. Capitol's Statuary Hall, alleging that he left a "legacy of racism,...More > Three Democratic congressional representatives are asking state lawmakers to act to remove a statue of former Nevada senator from the U.S. Capitol's Statuary Hall, alleging that he left a "legacy of racism,...More > Love it or hate it, people have opinions on the circus Love it or hate it, people have opinions on the circus Updated: Sunday, January 15 2017 3:26 PM EST2017-01-15 20:26:04 GMT Reaction to news that the Ringling Bros. and Barnum & Bailey Circus was closing after 146 years - from saddened celebrities to elated animal rights advocates - flew as fast as a flying trapeze.More > Reaction to news that the Ringling Bros. and Barnum & Bailey Circus was closing after 146 years - from saddened celebrities to elated animal rights advocates - flew as fast as a flying trapeze.More > Chicago police officer fatally shoots fleeing gunman Chicago police officer fatally shoots fleeing gunman Updated: Sunday, January 15 2017 12:15 PM EST2017-01-15 17:15:58 GMT A police officer confronted by a fleeing gunman suspected of shooting three people fatally shot the man early Sunday, Chicago police said.More > A police officer confronted by a fleeing gunman suspected of shooting three people fatally shot the man early Sunday, Chicago police said.More > The Latest: Kansas, Missouri, Oklahoma deal with icy weather The Latest: Kansas, Missouri, Oklahoma deal with icy weather Updated: Sunday, January 15 2017 11:46 AM EST2017-01-15 16:46:58 GMT The Latest on ice storms in the central U.S. (all times local):More > The Latest on ice storms in the central U.S. (all times local):More > Nowhere left to run away to: The final days of the circus Nowhere left to run away to: The final days of the circus Updated: Sunday, January 15 2017 10:45 AM EST2017-01-15 15:45:59 GMT Goodbye to death-defying feats - daring young men (and women) on the flying trapeze, whip-wielding lion tamers, human cannonballs. Goodbye to the scent of peanuts and popcorn, the thrill of three rings, the jaunty...More > Goodbye to death-defying feats - daring young men (and women) on the flying trapeze, whip-wielding lion tamers, human cannonballs. Goodbye to the scent of peanuts and popcorn, the thrill of three rings, the jaunty...More > Quaker group marks centennial with 'Waging Peace' exhibit Quaker group marks centennial with 'Waging Peace' exhibit Updated: Sunday, January 15 2017 8:25 AM EST2017-01-15 13:25:54 GMT The American Friends Service Committee is celebrating 100 years of nonviolent activism with an exhibition, "Waging Peace," that showcases the group's accomplishments while also illustrating work that remains to...More > The American Friends Service Committee is celebrating 100 years of nonviolent activism with an exhibition, "Waging Peace," that showcases the group's accomplishments while also illustrating work that remains to be done.More > Secret WWI telegram holds lessons for today, historians say Secret WWI telegram holds lessons for today, historians say Updated: Sunday, January 15 2017 8:16 AM EST2017-01-15 13:16:59 GMT In a secret telegram a century ago, Germany tried to get Mexico to join its side during World War I by offering it territory in the United States. Britain intercepted, deciphered and shared the "Zimmermann Telegram."More > In a secret telegram a century ago, Germany tried to get Mexico to join its side during World War I by offering it territory in the United States. Britain intercepted, deciphered and shared the "Zimmermann Telegram."More >    By EILEEN NG Associated Press KUALA LUMPUR, Malaysia (AP) - Asian shares were mixed Thursday following President-elect Donald Trump's press conference. Trump offered scant details on policies, disappointing investors hoping for a clearer sense of his plans for trade and economic stimulus. KEEPING SCORE: Japan's benchmark Nikkei 225 shed 0.9 percent to 19,192.76. Hong Kong's Hang Seng dipped 0.1 percent to 22,916.85, and the Shanghai Composite was also down 0.1 percent at 3,133.80. Australia's S&P/ASX 200 added 0.2 percent to 5,784.40 and South Korea's Kospi gained 0.3 percent at 2,080.39. Shares in Southeast Asia were mostly higher. WALL STREET: The Nasdaq hit a fifth record-high close in a row, gaining 11.83 points, or 0.2 percent, to 5,563.65. The Dow Jones industrial average rose 98.75 points, or 0.5 percent, to 19,954.28. The S&P 500 index added 6.42 points, or 0.3 percent, to 2,275.32. TRUMP NEWS: Trump's first news conference in nearly six months was an anti-climax, with scant details on his plans for infrastructure spending and tax reforms. Trump attacked U.S. intelligence services and big pharmaceutical companies, instead of outlining his platform. His comment that the government should change bidding procedures for the pharmaceutical industry "because they're getting away with murder," drove health care stocks lower THE QUOTE: "It is what he didn't mention - fiscal stimulus - that worries market participants. The U.S. dollar rally was based on the assumption that Trump's administration will push through a massive infrastructure building and fiscal stimulus package, which will lead to higher inflation in the future," said Margaret Yang Yan, market analyst with CMC Markets in Singapore. "The slump in the U.S. dollar index last night indicated that assumption is now unwinding because the president-elect never even mentioned that key word 'stimulus'." ENERGY: Benchmark crude oil dipped 8 cents to $52.17 a barrel. It rose $1.43, or 2.8 percent, to close at $52.25 a barrel in New York on Wednesday. Brent crude, which is used to price oil sold internationally, fell 2 cents to $55.08. CURRENCIES: The dollar fell to 114.74 yen from 115.43 on Wednesday. The euro rose to $1.0603 from $1.0576. Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed. News Video Weather Photos Station Meet the Staff Program Schedule Job Openings Online Public File Closed Captioning Childrens Programming FCC EEO Public File Report Public File Contact All content © 2000- 2017 WGCL-TV. All Rights Reserved. For more information on this site, please read our Privacy Policy, and Terms of Service, and Ad Choices.
About Us Contact Us Help user name password Client login:    First time user sign up Forgot your login info? Website Directory     Submit Website Search All categoriesAdvertising  GeneralAerospace  GeneralAgriculture  GeneralAirlines  GeneralAmerica - Post 9/11  GeneralApparel  GeneralApple Products  GeneralArchitectural  GeneralArchitecture  ArchitectureArt & Entertainments  Books  Celebrities  Country Music  Dance  Magazines  Movies  Museums  Music  Music Downloads  News & Talk Shows  Performing Arts  Photography  Television  Web SitesArts/Culture  GeneralAuction  GeneralAutomotive  Aftermarket  Classic Autos  Consumer Publications  General  Motorcycle & Bike  Racing  Recreational Vehicle  Repair & Service  Trade PublicationsBlogging & Social Media  Blogging & Social MediaBusiness  Advertising / Marketing  Books  Consumer Research  Direct Marketing  e-Commerce  Entrepreneurs  Finance  Franchise  Human Resources  Insurance  Investment  Management  Markets  Network Marketing  Online Marketing / SEO  Payday Loans  Public Relations  Publications  Real Estate  Retail  Stocks  Supermarkets  Women in BusinessCareers/HR  GeneralChemical  GeneralCoaching / Mentoring  Coaching / MentoringComputers  Apple Products  Databases  Games & Entertainment  General  Hosting  Instruction  Linux / GNU "Open Source"  Macintosh  Microsoft Windows PC  Operating Systems  Programming  Security  Software  Tablet PCs  UtilitiesConstruction  GeneralConsumer  Gifts and Collectibles  Hobbies  Web sites / InternetDesign  Graphic Design  Industrial  WebE-Cigarette  GeneraleCommerce  GeneralEconomy  GeneralEducation  College / University  General  Home Schooling  K-12  Post Graduate  TechnicalElectronics  GeneralEmail Marketing  GeneralEmailWire Press Releases  Press Release TipsEmployment/Careers  GeneralEngineering  GeneralEntertainment  GeneralEnvironment  GeneralEvents / Trade Shows  GeneralFinance  GeneralFood  GeneralFranchise  GeneralFraud / Identity Theft  GeneralGaming  GeneralGovernment  General  Judicial  Law Enforcement  Legislative  Local  National  Public Services  Security  State  TransportationHealthcare  GeneralHome and Family  Banking / Personal Finance  Bereavement / Loss  Home Furnishings / Interiors  Landscaping & Gardening  Marriage / Relationships  Money  Parenting  Payday Loans  Pets  Taxes  Wedding / BridalHome Schooling  GeneralHotels/Resorts  GeneralHousehold  GeneralIndustry  Aerospace / Defense  Agriculture  Apparel / Textiles  Broadcast  Construction / Building  Electrical  Food  Funeral  Healthcare  Leisure / Hospitality  Logistics / Shipping  Manufacturing / Production  Mining / Metals  Oil / Energy  Paper / Forest Products  Plumbing, Heating & AC  Print Media  Printing  Publishing  Radio  Restaurants  Tobacco  ToyInsurance  GeneralInternet/Online  GeneralLegal  GeneralLeisure  GeneralLifestyle  Beauty  Dating / Singles  Diet / Weight Loss  Fashion  Food / Beverage  Health & Fitness  Hotel / Resorts  Pastimes  Restaurants  Retirement  Travel & TourismMachinery  GeneralMaritime  GeneralMedical  Addiction  Allergies  Alternative Medicine  Asthma  Cancer  Cardiology  Chiropractic  Dental  Dermatology  Diabetes  Emergency  Family Medicine  General  General  Geriatrics  Hospitals  Infectious Diseases  Internal Medicine  Managed Care / HMO  Medical Products  Mental Health  Neurology  Nursing  Nutrition  OB / GYN  Pediatrics  Pharmaceuticals  Physical Therapy  Plastic Surgery  Psychology  Radiology / Imaging  Research  Sports Medicine  Surgery  VisionMilitary  GeneralMining/Metals  GeneralMiscellaneous  GeneralNanotechnology  NanotechnologyNon-profit  GeneralOccupational Safety  Occupational SafetyOil/Energy  GeneralOpinion / Editorial  Opinion / EditorialPaper Products  GeneralPaper/Forest  GeneralPharmaceuticals  GeneralPodcasting  Announce  Tools and ServicesPolitics  PoliticsPrint Media  GeneralPublic Utilities  Public UtilitiesPublishing  GeneralRadio  GeneralReal Estate  GeneralReligion  Christian  General  Islam  Jewish  OtherRestaurants  GeneralRetail  GeneralRSS & Content Syndication  RSS & Content SyndicationScience and Research  Science and ResearchSelf-Help / Personal Growth  Self-Help / Personal GrowthShipbuilding  GeneralSociety  African American Interests  Asian Interests  Childrens Issues  Disabled Issues / Disabilities  Gay / Lesbian  Hispanic  Mens Interests  Native American  Senior Citizens  Social Services  Teen Issues/Interests  Womens InterestSoftware  GeneralSports  Baseball  Basketball  Bicycling  Boating / Maritime  Bowling  Boxing  Fishing  Football  Golf  Hockey  Hunting  Martial Arts  Outdoors  Rugby  Soccer  Tennis  Water  Winter/SnowSports/Fitness  GeneralStocks  GeneralSupermarkets  GeneralTechnology  Biotechnology  Computer  Electronics  Enterprise Software  Games  Graphics/Printing/CAD  Hardware / Peripherals  Industrial  Information  Internet  Multimedia  Networking  Public Sector/Government  Robotics  Semiconductor  Software  Telecommunications  WebmastersTelecom  General  WirelessTelevision  GeneralTobacco  GeneralTrade  GeneralTransportation  GeneralTravel  GeneralUtilities  GeneralVolunteer  VolunteerWeather  Weather Home > News By Company > ReportsWeb.com Tweet   Worldwide Pneumococcal Vaccine Market 2016 Trend, Analysis and Overview ReportsWeb.com published Pneumococcal Vaccine Market from its database. The report covers the market landscape and its growth prospects over the coming years. The report also includes a discussion of the key vendors operating in this market. (EMAILWIRE.COM, January 11, 2017 ) Pneumococcus (Streptococcus pneumoniae), a pathogenic bacterium, is the leading cause of serious illness worldwide. It is the major cause of pneumonia, blood infections, meningitis, sinusitis, and middle ear infections (otitis media). Pneumococcal infections affect children younger than five years and older people (65 years and older), and it is among the leading infectious disease. It kills almost 1.6 million people (including over 800,000 children under five years) every year. It can be prevented by vaccination and involves the introduction of a dead or weakened antigen into the human body. This produces lymphocytes to counter the infection and any future invasions by that antigen. Publisher's analysts forecast the global pneumococcal vaccine market to grow at a CAGR of 13.69% during the period 2016-2020. For more information about this report: http://www.reportsweb.com/global-pneumococcal-vaccine-market-2016-2020 Covered in this report The report covers the present scenario and the growth prospects of the global pneumococcal vaccine market for 2016-2020. To calculate the market size, the report considers revenue generated from the sales of vaccines used to prevent pneumococcal infections. The market is divided into the following segments based on geography: - Americas - APAC - EMEA Publisher's report, Global Pneumococcal Vaccine Market 2016-2020, has been prepared based on an in-depth market analysis with inputs from industry experts. The report covers the market landscape and its growth prospects over the coming years. The report also includes a discussion of the key vendors operating in this market. Key vendors - GlaxoSmithKline (GSK) - Merck - Pfizer - Sanofi Request Sample Copy at http://www.reportsweb.com/inquiry&RW0001345912/sample Other prominent vendors - Abera - AstraZeneca - Baxter - Beijing Minhai Biotechnology - Biken - Biogen - Celgene - Eli Lilly - Genentech - Genocea Biosciences - ImmunoBiology - Lupin - Nuron Biotech - Panacea Biotec (India) - S K Chemicals - Serum Institute of India - Sinovac - Valneva Austria Market driver - Inclusion in NIP - For a full, detailed list, view our report Market challenge - Inadequate vaccine coverage - For a full, detailed list, view our report Market trend - Expansion of marketing territories - For a full, detailed list, view our report Inquire for Report at http://www.reportsweb.com/inquiry&RW0001345912/buying Contact Information: ReportsWeb.com Priya Sisodia Tel: +1-646-491-9876 Email us This is a press release. Press release distribution and press release services by EmailWire.Com: http://www.emailwire.com/us-press-release-distribution.php. 
   Search All categoriesAdvertising  GeneralAerospace  GeneralAgriculture  GeneralAirlines  GeneralAmerica - Post 9/11  GeneralApparel  GeneralApple Products  GeneralArchitectural  GeneralArchitecture  ArchitectureArt & Entertainments  Books  Celebrities  Country Music  Dance  Magazines  Movies  Museums  Music  Music Downloads  News & Talk Shows  Performing Arts  Photography  Television  Web SitesArts/Culture  GeneralAuction  GeneralAutomotive  Aftermarket  Classic Autos  Consumer Publications  General  Motorcycle & Bike  Racing  Recreational Vehicle  Repair & Service  Trade PublicationsBlogging & Social Media  Blogging & Social MediaBusiness  Advertising / Marketing  Books  Consumer Research  Direct Marketing  e-Commerce  Entrepreneurs  Finance  Franchise  Human Resources  Insurance  Investment  Management  Markets  Network Marketing  Online Marketing / SEO  Payday Loans  Public Relations  Publications  Real Estate  Retail  Stocks  Supermarkets  Women in BusinessCareers/HR  GeneralChemical  GeneralCoaching / Mentoring  Coaching / MentoringComputers  Apple Products  Databases  Games & Entertainment  General  Hosting  Instruction  Linux / GNU "Open Source"  Macintosh  Microsoft Windows PC  Operating Systems  Programming  Security  Software  Tablet PCs  UtilitiesConstruction  GeneralConsumer  Gifts and Collectibles  Hobbies  Web sites / InternetDesign  Graphic Design  Industrial  WebE-Cigarette  GeneraleCommerce  GeneralEconomy  GeneralEducation  College / University  General  Home Schooling  K-12  Post Graduate  TechnicalElectronics  GeneralEmail Marketing  GeneralEmailWire Press Releases  Press Release TipsEmployment/Careers  GeneralEngineering  GeneralEntertainment  GeneralEnvironment  GeneralEvents / Trade Shows  GeneralFinance  GeneralFood  GeneralFranchise  GeneralFraud / Identity Theft  GeneralGaming  GeneralGovernment  General  Judicial  Law Enforcement  Legislative  Local  National  Public Services  Security  State  TransportationHealthcare  GeneralHome and Family  Banking / Personal Finance  Bereavement / Loss  Home Furnishings / Interiors  Landscaping & Gardening  Marriage / Relationships  Money  Parenting  Payday Loans  Pets  Taxes  Wedding / BridalHome Schooling  GeneralHotels/Resorts  GeneralHousehold  GeneralIndustry  Aerospace / Defense  Agriculture  Apparel / Textiles  Broadcast  Construction / Building  Electrical  Food  Funeral  Healthcare  Leisure / Hospitality  Logistics / Shipping  Manufacturing / Production  Mining / Metals  Oil / Energy  Paper / Forest Products  Plumbing, Heating & AC  Print Media  Printing  Publishing  Radio  Restaurants  Tobacco  ToyInsurance  GeneralInternet/Online  GeneralLegal  GeneralLeisure  GeneralLifestyle  Beauty  Dating / Singles  Diet / Weight Loss  Fashion  Food / Beverage  Health & Fitness  Hotel / Resorts  Pastimes  Restaurants  Retirement  Travel & TourismMachinery  GeneralMaritime  GeneralMedical  Addiction  Allergies  Alternative Medicine  Asthma  Cancer  Cardiology  Chiropractic  Dental  Dermatology  Diabetes  Emergency  Family Medicine  General  General  Geriatrics  Hospitals  Infectious Diseases  Internal Medicine  Managed Care / HMO  Medical Products  Mental Health  Neurology  Nursing  Nutrition  OB / GYN  Pediatrics  Pharmaceuticals  Physical Therapy  Plastic Surgery  Psychology  Radiology / Imaging  Research  Sports Medicine  Surgery  VisionMilitary  GeneralMining/Metals  GeneralMiscellaneous  GeneralNanotechnology  NanotechnologyNon-profit  GeneralOccupational Safety  Occupational SafetyOil/Energy  GeneralOpinion / Editorial  Opinion / EditorialPaper Products  GeneralPaper/Forest  GeneralPharmaceuticals  GeneralPodcasting  Announce  Tools and ServicesPolitics  PoliticsPrint Media  GeneralPublic Utilities  Public UtilitiesPublishing  GeneralRadio  GeneralReal Estate  GeneralReligion  Christian  General  Islam  Jewish  OtherRestaurants  GeneralRetail  GeneralRSS & Content Syndication  RSS & Content SyndicationScience and Research  Science and ResearchSelf-Help / Personal Growth  Self-Help / Personal GrowthShipbuilding  GeneralSociety  African American Interests  Asian Interests  Childrens Issues  Disabled Issues / Disabilities  Gay / Lesbian  Hispanic  Mens Interests  Native American  Senior Citizens  Social Services  Teen Issues/Interests  Womens InterestSoftware  GeneralSports  Baseball  Basketball  Bicycling  Boating / Maritime  Bowling  Boxing  Fishing  Football  Golf  Hockey  Hunting  Martial Arts  Outdoors  Rugby  Soccer  Tennis  Water  Winter/SnowSports/Fitness  GeneralStocks  GeneralSupermarkets  GeneralTechnology  Biotechnology  Computer  Electronics  Enterprise Software  Games  Graphics/Printing/CAD  Hardware / Peripherals  Industrial  Information  Internet  Multimedia  Networking  Public Sector/Government  Robotics  Semiconductor  Software  Telecommunications  WebmastersTelecom  General  WirelessTelevision  GeneralTobacco  GeneralTrade  GeneralTransportation  GeneralTravel  GeneralUtilities  GeneralVolunteer  VolunteerWeather  Weather Advertising | How to contact us | Privacy Statement | EmailWire Press Releases | Partnership Opportunities EmailWire is a press release distribution service of GroupWeb Media LLC. © Copyright GroupWeb Media LLC 2017
  Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Wires Home My Profile Logout Login Feedback DailyMail NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad US STOCKS-Wall St set for flat open; Trump conference in focus By Reuters Published: 09:01 EST, 11 January 2017 | Updated: 09:01 EST, 11 January 2017 e-mail By Yashaswini Swamynathan Jan 11 (Reuters) - U.S. stocks were set open largely flat on Wednesday, ahead of President-elect Donald Trump's first formal news conference, where he is expected to give more insight into his plans to boost economic growth. Trump, who takes office on Jan. 20, is scheduled to speak in New York at 11:00 a.m. ET (1600 GMT). Trump's election in November sparked a record-setting rally. But, investors now want evidence on if and how he keeps his campaign-trail promises of stimulating the economy though increased public spending, tax cuts and repatriating U.S. companies' funds from overseas. The dollar, which has also basked in Trump's victory, was up against the yen. However, concerns of some of his protectionist statements have kept investors wary. Keeping futures afloat were oil prices, which edged up for the first time in three days after Saudi Arabia provided details of a February supply cut to some of its Asian customers. "The overall technical picture for the stock market remains firm and we look for commodities to be the market leaders of the day, thereby, keeping the markets upward trend in place," Peter Cardillo, chief market economist at First Standard Financial, said in a note. Dow e-minis were up 2 points, or 0.01 percent at 8:47 a.m. ET, with 21,832 contracts changing hands. S&P 500 e-minis were down 2 points, or 0.09 percent, with 123,587 contracts traded. Nasdaq 100 e-minis were up 0.75 points, or 0.01 percent, on volume of 19,484 contracts. Investors are also closely watching the corporate earnings season, which kicks off with big banks on Friday, to see if financial results can support the lofty valuations Wall Street is trading at. The combined profit of S&P 500 companies is estimated to have risen 5.8 percent in the fourth quarter - the best in three years - largely helped by financials stocks, according to Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S. The S&P 500 ended flat on Tuesday, while the Nasdaq logged a record close due to gains in healthcare and technology stocks. New York Federal Reserve President William Dudley is expected to speak on banking regulations at 01:20 p.m. ET. Among stocks, Dow component Merck rose 3.2 percent to $61.84 premarket after the FDA agreed to a speedy review of the company's application to combine immunotherapy with other drugs to treat lung cancer. AstraZeneca and Bristol-Myers, which are also developing similar therapies, were down 1.2 percent and 3.3 percent, respectively. Mylan rose nearly 2 percent to $39.72 after the FDA accepted a biologics license application for the company and Biocon's proposed biosimilar to treat breast cancer. (Reporting by Yashaswini Swamynathan in Bengaluru; Editing by Savio D'Souza) Share or comment on this article e-mail Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article. Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail     DON'T MISS 'It's a huge shock': Binky Felstead reveals she is expecting her first baby with on/off co-star Josh Patterson... but they're 'still not officially together' PICTURE EXCLUSIVE Kourtney Kardashian, 37, wears a sheer bra for late-night rendezvous with former flame Justin Bieber, 22 'I was on the verge of a breakdown' : Olly Murs' mother reveals her heartache that son Ben has disowned the family over X Factor row Katy Perry debuts dramatic blonde dye-job as she surprise Orlando Bloom with a secret 40th birthday bash in Palm Springs Scarlet siren! Myleene Klass flaunts her enviably toned figure in skimpy red bikini as she goes body-boarding during exotic family getaway in Sri Lanka 'He's so proud of her': Danniella Westbrook set to appear on Loose Women with son Kai as she continues comeback following cocaine relapse Lewis Hamilton turns heads in bright yellow hoodie while arriving at LAX... as 'Valtteri Bottas' switch from Williams to Mercedes is set to be clarified' Paris Hilton flaunts her slender waist and endless legs in gold-embroidered LBD as she attends Milan Men's Fashion Week  'Show us the chopper!': Chloe Ferry demands Jamie O'Hara flashes his manhood... as Kim Woodburn and James Cosmo blast her 'gross' behaviour 'I'm gutted with myself!': CBB's James Jordan apologises to Jamie O'Hara after 'mugging him off' by calling him a 'washed-up footballer' Blac Chyna only has eyes for Rob Kardashian as the couple pack on the PDA for a flight to NYC The pair looked besotted at JFK airport Sunday 'We didn't go out of our way to keep it secret': Katherine Kelly reveals she has given birth to a second child called Rose after keeping pregnancy under wraps Baby and me! Olivia Wilde snuggles her newborn protectively as she enjoys a brisk walk in frosty Brooklyn Daisy in tow for the Sunday stroll Elizabeth Hurley, 51, looks incredibly youthful in blue midi dress with cross-shoulder detail as she attends Milan Men's Fashion Week Have Ellen DeGeneres and wife Portia de Rossi found an Australian home? Talk show host and actress request an inspection of $5.8 million Victoria mansion  'I can't work out whether it's amazing, genius or the worst episode I've seen!': Sherlock fans go wild over 'gory' series finale  New John le Carre spy drama for TV: BBC to follow up success of The Night Manager with adaptation of The Spy Who Came In From The Cold  'I have literally nothing to hide': Fitspo star Kayla Itsines opens up about the benefits of her drink and drug-free lifestyle as she poses for stunning shoot in Vogue Australia Josie Gibson winces as she suffers a nasty fall during training for The Jump in Austria... as Eddie 'The Eagle' Edwards is 'AXED from disaster-prone show for voicing safety concerns 'I still have a hangover!' Rebecca Judd complains about her 'rough day' after partying at the Portsea Polo as she laments about returning to work  'You're a fat slob!': CBB's Kim Woodburn and James Jordan become embroiled in a furious row with the cleaner claiming 'no one can stomach him'  Married at last? Sonia Kruger, 51 sparks speculation she has wed long-term partner Craig McPherson after stepping out while sporting a ring on THAT finger Wet 'n' wild! Alessandra Ambrosio displays her flawless physique in very tiny black bikini as she enjoys a dip in the sea in Brazil PICTURE EXCLUSIVE Kristin Cavallari relaxes in a bikini as she hires a yacht to celebrate Jay Cutler's 30th With their three young children Getting pizza all over her frock, 'shooing away' a cocktail waitress and interrupting interviews: Nicole Kidman's 'bizarre behaviour' at the Golden Globes revealed One piece wonder! Kelly Bensimon, 49, flaunts her figure in sexy black one piece with hip side cutouts Proved you don't need a bikini to look sexy Tamara Ecclestone shares cute pictures of her daughter Sophia, 2, showing off her skiing skills before enjoying a pony ride in Gstaad Enjoying Switzerland Making a stellar appearance! Nicole Richie snuggles up in star-spangled unicorn onesie at pyjama party Held hands with rocker husband, Joel Madden Dressed down Kylie Jenner giggles as she enjoys a night out at a burger joint with boyfriend Tyga She's notan expensive date. A royal faux pas? The Crown's Matt Smith spotted smoking 'suspicious looking cigarette' outside a London pub while on a night out with pals  Moving Swift-ly on? Giggling Tom Hiddleston is spotted bidding farewell to a mystery brunette during evening stroll back in London 'Mariah's filled with regret over James': Carey has 'reached out' to ex-fiance Packer to help her brand recover after New Year's Eve lip-syncing saga Church time! Gwen Stefani is a model mum in plaid as she attends worship services with her three sons Headed to church in Los Angeles on Sunday 'She's finally happy again': Cassandra Thorburn is willing to forgive ex-husband Karl Stefanovic and move on following their high profile split Hidden Figures counts up $20.5 million as it holds on to top spot at the box office for a second weekend About mathematicians who helped NASA put John Glenn into space  The reality of Instagram! Pia Muehlenbeck's hilarious before and after shots reveal what REALLY happens when models try to take the perfect beach shot 'Pajama jammy jam!' Kourtney Kardashian cuddles up to Kim's bestie Chrissy Teigen at Cash Warren's star-studded PJ party 'I will be ok!' Priyanka Chopra updates fans after dangerous fall on Quantico set left her with concussion Left hospitalised after a nasty fall  'I left the hospital looking 5 months pregnant': Peta Murgatroyd says 'real life' means female bodies don't just shrink back into shape Former TOWIE star Abi Clarke flaunts her eye-popping assets as she goes braless in extreme plunging playsuit and thigh-highs on night out She's got a lot of cheek! Bikini clad Holly Hagan flaunts her perky derriere in sizzling belfies during romantic breakaway to Thailand 'She's like my wife!' Amanda Peet describes relationship with BFF Sarah Paulson as 'intense and visceral' after THAT Golden Globes red carpet kiss 'I don't want to be at the centre of attention': Amanda Seyfried opens up about her upcoming wedding to Thomas Sadoski as she stuns in Prada on the cover of Vogue Australia Shedding for the wedding? Bonnie Sveen reveals her dramatic slim-down amid rumours her boyfriend Nathan Gooley is ready to pop the question Ariana Grande showcases her slender pins in sexy Instagram to promote her Dangerous Woman Tour Sultry shot of herself donning a black unitard 'Fastest retirement in history': Steven Jacobs returns to Today's weather segment less than two months after departing to live in Vanuatu 'Back in action': Yolanda Hadid shares behind the scenes shot as she joins daughter Gigi on Tommy Hilfiger shoot 'Causing trouble with him': Louise Thompson flaunts her toned body in yet ANOTHER workout video with beau Ryan Libbey... as she claims she's gained weight on holiday 'If I don't get a husband after this...': Jessica Wright embodies Christina Aguilera in raunchy leather chaps on new show Dance Dance Dance Is the sun setting on Sam and Kochie? Sunrise co-host David Koch 'wants Armytage replaced with Edwina Bartholomew' as ratings battle with Today Show's Karl and Lisa heats up Always camera ready! Jennifer Lopez turns shopping trip into a modelling shoot as she poses against a wall   Jennifer Lopez doesn't do casual. 'A bit of graft and willpower': Vicky Pattison shows off her incredibly toned figure in a sexy orange bikini at health retreat in Portugal after vowing to lose 10lbs 2DayFM 'under fire' after it's revealed new 'Sydney' breakfast show will be broadcast from Melbourne after Sam Frost and Rove McManus get dumped Amanda Seyfried shows off her bump in a grey sweater on outing with fiancé Thomas Sadoski Confirmed her first pregnancy in November 'No greater blessing than family!' Ciara's boy supports stepdad Russell Wilson's team... while his birth father Future backs the other side She's back! Kim Kardashian is her old self again as she sits astride a buggy and poses with a falcon on Dubai modelling shoot 'They're speaking all the time': Blake Garvey has been a 'shoulder to cry on' for Sam Frost following Bachelorette's split from Sasha Mielczarek Bikini-clad Billie Lourd holds hands with Taylor Lautner on sunshine break after the death of mother Carrie Fisher Mourning her mother and grandmother They played in Chelsea! Frankie Bridge celebrates her 27th birthday with retired footballer husband Wayne  Tina Fey pays tribute to Carrie Fisher as she appears in hologram form on Saturday Night Live Admitted she was 'nervous' about the gig Three generations of Beckham! David returns to Old Trafford with son Cruz and dad Ted as the trio watch Manchester United take on Liverpool 'Of course it's f*****g good to challenge your audience!' Sherlock creator Mark Gatiss slams fans who find the show confusing... and tells them to 'go read a children's book' 'Pound Shop today Harrods tomorrow!' Katie Price wraps up in a cosy designer ensemble during cut-price weekend shopping trip Looking bootyful! Kim Kardashian shows off her shapely rear in a form fitting white dress She's officially back at work, with a whirlwind tour of Dubai. 'Spray tan lyfe!' Ashley Graham strips down to her bikini as she flaunts her freshly tanned figure The plus-size stunner is a positive body image activist Prince George 'WON'T attend the same school as his father as Kate and William opt for smaller, more discreet pre-prep closer to Kensington Palace'  So good it's criminal! Busty Lauren Goodger flaunts her hourglass curves in saucy selfie... after supporting violent rap song penned by jailbird boyfriend's brother Before she shot to fame: Nicola McLean totes rifle as teen army cadet in newly-unveiled snaps... as pal Maria Fowler insists Tom Williams won't leave her over CBB flirting It's Kueen Kim! Kardashian is treated to a dance display as she gets the royal welcome in Dubai Now she knows how Kate Middleton feels EXCLUSIVE! Jessica Cunningham 'pretended she was sick' in order to ditch an online chat show deal at the last minute to enter the Big Brother house PJ-clad Jessica Alba plays beer pong at husband Cash Warren's birthday bash Also included a clip of designer Rachel Zoe engaging in the  sport Louise Thompson shows off her toned and tanned body in ANOTHER sun-soaked bikini snap on  break with boyfriend Ryan Libbey 'You just don't feel sexy!' The Hills star Audrina Patridge dishes on her love life after birth of baby daughter Kirra Thrill seeker! Ariel Winter squeals with delight as she takes her niece to Disneyland on her sixth birthday She was treating her to a day out Very cheeky! Chloe Madeley flashes her round posterior in racy grey swimsuit as she shares saucy belfie Flaunted her toned physique  Bare-faced beauty! Chloe Moretz keeps it casual in ripped sweatshirt and leggings Actress proved she doesn't need make-up or fancy clothes Getting fruity! Mollie King larks around with a pair of oranges in a skimpy bikini showing off her tanned flat stomach on holiday in Jamaica 'She's evil!': Scotty T slams 'thick' Geordie Shore co-star Chloe Ferry... after she left viewers DISGUSTED with her raunchy CBB antics Beefcake in Milan! Paris Hilton cosies up to muscle-bound models at Plein Sport runway show The reality TV icon later DJed the Sesto Sento Club in Lonato Former Corrie actress Katie Redford lands a new role on Archers after being axed from soap for lying about her age Axed two years ago She's got a lot of cheek! Bikini clad Holly Hagan flaunts her perky derriere and ample assets in sizzling selfie during sun soaked trip to Thailand He doesn't do things by halves! Rocco Ritchie can't contain his laughter as he breaks his skateboard in two while out and about in London MIC's Nicola Hughes puts on a leggy display in a chic olive dress as she enjoys a night out on the town Fun for all the family! Vanessa Paradis and new boyfriend Samuel Benchetrit appear downcast as they take Lily Rose Depp for a day of shopping in Paris Some helping hands! Blac Chyna heads to the mall with TWO nannies to help look after son King Cairo and baby Dream 'You're a very handsome man, aren't you?' CBB's Chloe Ferry flirts up a storm with bemused Calum Best... and offers to flash her VAGINA to everyone Christina Milian flaunts her ample cleavage in a saucy ensemble as she parties with BFF Karrueche Tran Thigh-grazing latex mini skirt 'She is smitten': Amber Heard said to be besotted with billionaire Elon Musk... as she prepares for 'new chapter' following Johnny Depp divorce Booty and the beach! Shirtless Gaz Beadle gets VERY tactile with bikini-clad girlfriend Emma McVey as he cheekily gropes her bum during romantic Emirates break The Apprentice's Frances Bishop displays her endless curves and perky posterior in skimpy bikini during sun soaked break to Dubai  Suki Waterhouse flaunts her tanned and toned physique in a skimpy bikini as she jogs along the beach in Mexico Went for a run along the Mayan Riviera Scarlett Moffatt highlights her dramatically slimmed down frame in a plunging floral minidress after making appearance on Sunday Brunch Plaid to see you! Pregnant Natalie Portman covers her large baby bump in a stylish checked jacket as she goes for leisurely park stroll Actress Emily Watson insists middle-aged sexuality is 'ignored' as she takes on new role as a cheating mother in racy BBC thriller  X Factor winner Matt Terry gets a kiss from a male pal as he enjoys a night out... after revealing Freddy Parker is moving out of their bachelor pad Lindsay Lohan cuts a chic figure in a quirky dog print co-ord as she enjoys a night out with a male friend in Milan   She's currently holidaying in one of the world's most stylish cities It's Compl-Ex! Danielle Bux grabs lunch with former husband-turned pal Gary Lineker in LA as they continue their budding friendship... then joins new man Nate Greenwald for dinner Lily James cuts a concerned figure as she talks anxiously on the phone...after boyfriend Matt Smith is spotted 'smoking suspicious cigarette'  Scarlett Moffatt looks slimmer than ever in all black ensemble as she hits the town with mum Betty... after fans urged 'gaunt' star to stop losing weight Shock for Harry's girl: Meghan Markle's BROTHER is arrested and charged with holding a gun to a woman's head 'in row during late night drinking session at his flat' Prince William will give up his career as a helicopter pilot to become a full-time royal as Queen hands over duties Girls' shopping trip! Katie Holmes takes daughter Suri Cruise to children's clothing store in LA Spotted on Saturday enjoying a bit of weekend quality time Mariah Carey sports plunging LBD as she and toyboy Bryan Tanaka step out in London Displayed her figure in a form-fitting dress  Pretty in pink! Lindsay Lohan steps out in sexy silky ensemble in Milan The 30-year-old former wild-child was spotted looking pretty in pink as she left her hotel in Milan PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Victoria Beckham wraps up in winter white polo neck as she enjoys girly day shopping with daughter Harper Back from the Maldives Sylvester Stallone's daughters Sophia, 20, and Sistine, 18, sizzles in coordinating black ensembles alongside their mother Jennifer at star-studded Dolce & Gabbana party Hunky dory: Hollywood heartthrobs Chris Hemsworth and Matt Damon catch up over dinner in LA with Chris' wife Elsa Pataky Blac Chyna in the red? Star threatened with lawsuit for $3million in 'unpaid fees' as 'longtime managers' claim she 'cut them out' of lucrative deals Gwen Stefani's ex-husband, Daisy Lowe's father, the singer from Bush, and now the coach contestants don't really want...Gavin Rossdale joins The Voice UK, by Jim Shelley Heard what James said? Pierce Brosnan looks stern during press conference... after chatshow host Corden labels him 'rudest' celebrity Sid Owen celebrates his 45th birthday by partying in London with pals including Jade Jones and Leigh Francis  Progress report! Justin Bieber checks in on protégé Madison Beer over dinner at trendy Catch LA BBC brands its OWN show 's**t' in awkward Twitter blunder as they retweet Let It Shine criticism  Danielle Lloyd snuggles up to fiancé Michael O'Neill on night out... as she admits to being a 'crazy b***h' after online trolls began targeting her when ex Jamie O'Hara entered CBB Why I never let Claudia Winkleman look in the mirror as a child: The Strictly host's mother EVE POLLARD says it's the best thing you can do for your daughters  'The day my world became complete': Stephanie Davis posts first adorable snap of baby boy... 'after revealing she'll name  son after stranger who chatted her up' 'Love on the sand': Photoshop enthusiast Natasha Oakley puts on a loved up display with beau Gilles Souteyrand  as she continues to holiday in the Caribbean Pajama party! Chrissy Teigen and John Legend rock ridiculous chicken themed onesies in hilarious snaps Georgia May Foote cosies up to new boyfriend George Alsford in a series of sunny snaps from romantic holiday Lisa Rinna, 53, sizzles in skintight leather trousers alongside her model daughter Delilah, 18, as they dine in LA 'Starting to see the results and it feels so good!' Jennifer Ellison reveals her slimmer physique after losing more than a stone in ONE month Actress Lily Collins: 'My famous surname made me work harder' Drummer's daughter was top of screen legend Warren Beatty's casting list for latest film 'Sometimes I can't breathe': Danielle Lloyd claims she has panic attacks and is 'too frightened' to leave the house due to trolling since ex Jamie O'Hara  appeared on CBB Bottoms up! Kirsten Dunst flaunts her toned pins and perky derriere in skintight denims as she hides her jaw-dropping engagement ring in LA 'When she's had a few drinks, she's crazy': CBB's Jamie O'Hara slams ex-wife Danielle Lloyd as he claims she's 'absolutely crackers' on a night out Eagle-eyed fans point out embarrassing EastEnders gaffe... as Mick Carter celebrates his 40th birthday on the WRONG date Fierce fashion instincts! Mandy Moore rocks chic animal print gown at Elle's Women in Television honors Pink throws daughter Willow Sage celebratory 'big sister party' as she lovingly cradles newborn son Jameson Moon Victoria Beckham 'takes legal action to block Spice Girls reunion'... as Geri Horner announces she's leaving GEM to focus on her family' 'It's nice to feel you've got support!' One Direction's Louis Tomlinson praises former bandmate Zayn Malik as he wins two nominations at 2017 BRIT Awards Spellbinding! Jessica Biel shows off her shapely legs in cut-out skirt as she attends premiere party for Just Add Magic EXCLUSIVE: ITV stalwarts Phillip Schofield and Holly Willoughby can't contain their laughter as they join glamorous Lorraine Kelly in new promo Kim Kardashian's former bodyguard breaks his silence on Paris robbery and says he's 'not avoiding anything' about the heist or WHY he was sacked 'I trained her like an athlete': Khloe Kardashian's trainer spills the secrets behind the star's enviable body - including countless squats, 'sled pushing' and intense boxing Beach bum! Instagram sensation Pia Muehlenbeck flaunts pert posterior and ample assets oceanside 'I wish R.I.P. meant Return If Possible': Celine Dion unveils powerful new a cappella song in tribute to late husband Rene one year after his death 'It's an uphill struggle': Sienna Miller reveals she hasn't filmed a movie for a year claiming there 'aren't many great roles for women' Run Daniel, run! James Bond star Craig makes a dash for it through the busy streets to make it to the New York Theater in time for his performance in Othello Make-up free Kate Hudson bundles up in all black with red cap as she steps out with Kurt Russell in Beverly Hills 'When you have a rare cappuccino': Ronan Keating's pregnant wife Storm sips on coffee as she heads into her third trimester in a matter of weeks 'Thanks Uncle Snoop!' Miley Cyrus poses by a marijuana bar at weed-themed birthday party for boyfriend Liam Hemsworth Lamar Odom says the first he knew of his near fatal drugs overdose was waking up to find Khloé Kardashian at his side in hospital Sneak peak interview 'Bringin' the 80's back!' Lauren Pope flaunts her pert derriere in sizzling neon swimsuit as she enjoys Dubai holiday with new Geordie Shore beau Aaron Chalmers Pregnant Billie Faiers displays her blossoming baby bump in black bikini after jetting to Dubai for her 27th birthday celebration Brad Pitt looks relaxed as he hangs out with Sting and Chris Cornell at star-studded EB disease benefit in Malibu 'Current mood': Naomi Watts shares flashack photo of herself as a bored schoolgirl in Brides of Christ as she complains about being on set past midnight  'You're in the wrong, just shut up!' Kim Woodburn throws EPIC tantrum after Geordie Shore's Chloe Ferry 'soaks' her by jumping into the CBB hot tub Move over sisters! Kendall Jenner steals the Kardashian spotlight with racy HEADLESS bikini selfie that forces followers to check out her body Orange you glad she came! Shailene Woodley sizzles in vibrant statement coat at star-studded Elle's Women in Television bash 'I heard nothing and saw everything!' Twitter goes wild as Roxanne Pallett's actor ex strips off to reveal his rippling muscles after making it through on Let It Shine Love is in the air! Matthew McConaughey looks casually cool in a stylish camel coat as he and wife Camilla Alves jet over to New York City 'She was her enemy': Elizabeth Taylor 'disliked' Sophia Loren as she feared the siren could steal love Richard Burton away, new book claims 'I'm gutted!': Emma Willis reveals disappointment over Austin Armacost's shock eviction from CBB... as show bosses face backlash for his awkward exit GIRL ABOUT TOWN: Is Sheridan Smith pregnant? The 35-year-old actress is seen regularly rubbing her stomach while singing Selena Gomez and The Weeknd's romance didn't break the friend code with Bella Hadid... because 'they're only acquaintances' GIRL ABOUT TOWN: Harry and Meghan are set to slope off for a romantic break... but poor old William may miss his Alpine adventure with Kate  'Grooming day!': Jenna Dewan Tatum shows off flawless make-up free face during futuristic-like skin session From Hollywood to Bollywood! Ruby Rose reveals she has ambitions to cut it in Asian market Classic colors! Reese Witherspoon and Nicole Kidman shine in black and white ensembles at Elle's Women in Television celebration 'HAPPY Z DAY'! Taylor Swift celebrates Zayn Malik's birthday by teasing their Fifty Shades Darker music video Spot the rock! Kate Mara sports a large ring glinting on her left hand as it emerges that she is engaged to Fantastic Four co-star Jamie Bell Another baby on the way! Jeff Goldblum, 64, is expecting second child with wife Emilie Livingston, 33 Announcement on Instagram 'They're giving things another go': Stevi Ritchie and Chloe-Jasmine Whichello 'are back together'... four months after calling off their engagement 'My babies': Blac Chyna cuddles up to her nine-week-old daughter Dream and four-year-old son King Cairo in sweet Instagram video Getting ready for Washington DC! Caitlyn Jenner grabs a coffee as she prepares for her appearance at Donald Trump's inauguration Well-dressed in coral Seeking comfort from her sister! Bella Hadid visits Gigi in snowy New York after her ex The Weeknd is spotted kissing Selena Gomez Knowles... Run The World! Sisters Beyonce and Solange go head-to-head as they compete for Best International Female Solo Artist 2017 BRIT Award Bit awkward? Little Mix's Perrie Edwards and ex-fiance Zayn Malik will battle it out for best British single at the 2017 BRIT Awards  Nominations announced Transgender singer Anohni bags nomination for Best British Female at 2017 BRIT Awards... eleven years after she was up for Best British Male White hot! Hailey Baldwin shows off her taut tummy wearing white mesh in stunning retro swimsuit shots Sultry in series of solo posts on Instagram Sofia Richie flaunts lace bra and washboard abs in coordinated tracksuit as she attends Moschino Milan fashion show with Paris Hilton Back in a skintight minidress! Kim Kardashian is curvy in a cream number as she continues touring Dubai after $1,600 makeup masterclass She's back! Mandy Moore returns as Rapunzel in new Tangled: Before Ever After trailer Back in the gym! Ashley Graham kicks off 2017 with workout clip as she keeps her generous curves in check after a month-long holiday Nicola McLean reveals she no longer wears her wedding ring after hubby Tom Williams cheated... while Danielle Lloyd continues their feud on Twitter Let's get cracking! James Jordan and Jedward cause chaos as they break into the main house and egg the kitchen on Celebrity Big Brother 'I did advise': Brian Blessed warned George Lucas about Jar Jar Binks when filming Phantom Menace... and insists Alec Guinness did not hate Star Wars Riding high in Dubai! Kim Kardashian goes for dune buggy ride then plays with a falcon during busy UAE trip Ditches mini for a black top and maroon slacks Get the kid a psychologist': Jeremy McConnell appears bleary eyed as he parties with pals in Thailand as ex Stephanie Davis gives birth to a son 'Working on the bumper!' Vogue Williams displays her peachy posterior in skimpy bodysuit as she continues to train for The Jump 'This is begging for a pun!' Fans get smutty as Katie Price shares snap of hairless cat Dobbi perching on her behind during EIGHTH bum lift  Let one take a selfie! Prince Andrew and ex-wife Sarah Ferguson send out VERY unusual royal thank you cards to well-wishers over Christmas  GIRL ABOUT TOWN: So Royals do carry cash - and wear on-trend trainers! Stylish Duke of Kent, 81, withdraws wads of £20 notes near his Kensington Palace home  Here we go again! Pregnant Geri Horner 'quits Spice Girls reunion and leaves the group for the second time to focus on her family'  Priorities changed Brooklyn Beckham's former flame Sonia Ben Ammar looks effortlessly stylish as she walks for Dolce & Gabbana alongside Sofia Richie at Milan Men's Fashion Week EXCLUSIVE: MIC's Lucy Watson shows off toned and tanned figure skimpy pink bikini as she hits the beach in Barbados with hunky boyfriend James Dunmore 'You're right it does look like a penis!' Cheeky chap Tom Hardy laughs about his phallic signature as he signs autographs at LAX 'Things have to change': Reese Witherspoon nearly breaks down in tears as she talks importance of representing women on screen 'We're very, very close friends': Nicole Kidman looks lovely in dusty rose dress as she discusses bond with fellow actress Reese Witherspoon Picture purr-fect! Bella Thorne shows off her perfectly toned flat midriff while posing with her cat in makeup-free Snapchat photo New mum Rebekah Vardy leaves hospital alongside her father after welcoming baby boy with England striker Jamie Vardy Picture of health Mad about plaid! Melissa McCarthy, 46, shows off thinner frame in bright pantsuit as she reacts to Gilmore Girls' shocking conclusion Channing Tatum and wife Jenna Dewan coordinate in baseball hats with jeans while running errands with daughter Everly, three The BBC treated Only Fools and Horses stars as 'poor relations', claims Del Boy David Jason as he reveals why he's returned to our screens at 76 Her favorite role! Cate Blanchett gets back to mom duty during break from Broadway's The Present as she's bundled up with her kids in NYC 'He will always be in our hearts': Celine Dion pays tribute to late husband on first anniversary of his death with video full of flashback photos Dakota Fanning returns to TV for upcoming period thriller The Alienist ...15 years after her last regular series role on the small screen 'Be who you are': Paris Hilton flashes side boob in daring dress while sharing inspiring message after being spotted with mystery man in Mexico Head Start to Home Cooked Get Recipes more SHARE PICTURE Copy link to paste in your message Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Network This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Contributors Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
Business News Home > Business > Business News < Back to SMG 45 Wednesday, 11 January 2017 | MYT 11:19 PM Merck lifts Dow; S&P, Nasdaq flat ahead of Trump speech At 9:37am ET (Wednesday), the Dow Jones Industrial Average was up 26.22 points, or 0.13%, at 19,881.75. The AFP photo shows traders working on the floor of the New York Stock Exchange. NEW YORK: Healthcare stocks boost the Dow early on Wednesday, while the S&P 500 and the Nasdaq were flat ahead of Donald Trump’s first formal news conference, where he is expected to give more insight into his plans to boost economic growth. The US President-elect, who takes office on Jan 20, is scheduled to speak in New York at 11:00am ET (1600 GMT). Trump’s election in November sparked a record-setting rally. But, investors now want evidence on if and how he keeps his campaign-trail promises of stimulating the economy though increased public spending, tax cuts and repatriating US companies’ funds from overseas. The dollar, which has also basked in Trump’s victory, rose to 102.53. However, concerns over some of his protectionist statements have kept investors wary. Oil prices also helped keep the equity market afloat, rising for the first time in three days after Saudi Arabia provided details of a February supply cut to some of its Asian customers. “The overall technical picture for the stock market remains firm and we look for commodities to be the market leaders of the day, thereby, keeping the markets upward trend in place,” Peter Cardillo, chief market economist at First Standard Financial, said in a note. Investors are also closely watching the corporate earnings season, which kicks off with big banks on Friday, to see if financial results can support the lofty valuations Wall Street is trading at. The combined profit of S&P 500 companies is estimated to have risen 5.8% in the fourth quarter - the best in three years - largely helped by financials stocks, according to Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S. At 9:37am ET (1437 GMT), the Dow Jones Industrial Average  was up 26.22 points, or 0.13%, at 19,881.75 and the S&P 500 was down 0.53 point, or 0.02%, at 2,268.37. The Nasdaq was down 1.58 points, or 0.03%, at 5,550.24. Eight of the 11 major S&P sectors were higher, with the healthcare sector’s 0.25% rise the biggest boost. The sector is set for its seventh straight day of gains. Merck surged nearly 5% to US$62.89 after the FDA agreed to a speedy review of the company’s application to combine immunotherapy with other drugs to treat lung cancer. The stock gave the biggest push to the S&P and the Dow. AstraZeneca and Bristol-Myers, which are also developing similar therapies, dropped 0.7% and 1.4%, respectively. Rite Aid rose 3.8% to US$8.64 after the NY Post reported that the drugstore operator’s deal to be acquired by Walgreens would be approved this month. Walgreens rose 1.7%. New York Federal Reserve President William Dudley is expected to speak on banking regulations at 01:20pm ET. Declining issues outnumbered advancers on the NYSE by 1,351 to 1,179. On the Nasdaq, 1,263 issues fell and 873 advanced. The S&P 500 index showed five new 52-week highs and no new lows, while the Nasdaq recorded 31 new highs and six new lows. - Reuters You May Be Interested Boosting women's libido Glass discards now included in waste separation law Better rates via online forex services Paying high interest rates for personal loans Purple should be your favourite CNY colour Chinese herb Dang Shen helps to boost strength Others Also Read Lebanese Ghaddar re-signs for third spell with Kelantan PCs on the rise Do we really need to fear China money? Property Related advertisement Latest News Samsung Elec probe finds battery was main cause of Note 7 fires Only World Group slides early Monday on outlets closure Trading ideas: DneX, Leweko, Gadang, OWG CIMB Research retains Underweight on auto sector, favours Bermaz Breakfast briefing: Monday, January 16 Most Viewed in Business World's eight richest as wealthy as half humanity, Oxfam tells Davos Hong Kong airline Cathay plans job cuts, fewer flights Paying high interest rates for personal loans Firefly reduces fleet operating from Subang Better rates via online forex services Khazanah: MAS is operationally profitable TDM demerger plan US dollar correction may boost ringgit rebound IHH confident of battling Turkish lira volatility Sterling skids on Brexit worry; investors await Trump clarity advertisement advertisement site map Home Videos News Business Sport Metro Lifestyle Tech Opinion subscriptions The Star newspaper Other Publications RSS Feeds other editions ePaper Mobile SMS Services Magazines Kuntum company info About Us Contact Us Job Opportunities Investor Relations FAQs Advertising View Our Rate Card Policies Privacy Statement Terms of Use our sites Star2.com myStarjob.com Carsifu StarProperty.my Propwall iBilik R.AGE mStar Kuali Leaderonomics TheStarTV.com StarCherish.com Search The Star Online Connect with us Content Partner Our Radio Stations site map Home Videos News Business Sport Metro Tech Lifestyle Travel Opinion subscriptions The Star newspaper Other Publications RSS Feeds other editions ePaper Mobile SMS Services magazines Kuntum company info About Us Contact Us Job Opportunities Investor Relations FAQs advertising View Our Rate Card policies Privacy Statement Terms of Use our sites Star2.com myStarjob.com Carsifu starproperty.my Propwall iBilik R.AGE mStar Kuali Leaderonomics TheStarTV.com StarCherish.com social media Facebook Twitter Copyright © 1995- Star Media Group Berhad (ROC 10894D)
Menu Menu Welcome! Membership About Morningstar > Logout Login Subscribe Register Premium Site Search Search Symbols Search The Site Join Membership Home Portfolio Stocks Bonds Funds ETFs CEFs Markets Tools Personal Finance Discuss Page No Longer Available We’re sorry, this news item is no longer available on Morningstar.com. We offer news from several external newsfeed providers, and some of those providers require that news items expire from our website after a certain time period. For the latest news, please check Morningstar.com’s news archive or the News & Events section of any security’s quote page. Helpful Links Glossary Privacy Policy Premium User Agreement Free User Agreement Copyright Agreement Discuss Terms of Use Reprints Contact Us Premium Members Have questions about Premium Membership or would like to change/cancel your subscription?   Call us toll-free at 1.866.229.9449 or 1.312.384.3838 if you are calling from outside the U.S. We’re available to assist you Monday through Thursday 7am to 6pm CST and Fridays, 7am to 5pm CST. Corrections  Help  Advertising Opportunities  Licensing  MorningstarAdvisor  Glossary  RSS  Store  Careers  Company Site International Sites Australia Canada China France Germany Hong Kong Italy The Netherlands Norway Spain U.K. Switzerland India Finland Independent. Insightful. Trusted. Morningstar provides stock market analysis; equity, mutual fund, and ETF research, ratings, and picks; portfolio tools; and IRA, 401k, and 529 plan research. Our reliable data and analysis can help both experienced enthusiasts and newcomers. © Copyright 2017 Morningstar, Inc. All rights reserved. Please read our Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Dow Jones Industrial Average, S&P 500, Nasdaq, and Morningstar Index (Market Barometer) quotes are real-time.
This website requires Javascript to run correctly. Click here for help enabling it The New Zealand Herald 2:51pm Mon 16 January Network   ° 0 / ° 0   Loading… Help & Support The New Zealand Herald Bay of Plenty Times Hawke's Bay Today The Rotorua Daily Post The Northern Advocate Wanganui Chronicle Manawatu Guardian Kapiti News Hamilton News The Aucklander The Northland Age Stratford Press Herald Rugby Viva Dream Team Bite True Commercial Newspix Driven The Country Chinese NZ Herald nzherald.co.nz submit Navigation Home National National Insights NZ Herald Focus Education Crime Environment Politics Weather Opinion Maori Employment Quizzes Health Local Focus Opinion Opinion Financial Your Views Media Blogs Cartoons Living in NZ Editorial Travel Political Business Business Personal Finance Small Business Work Life Around NZ Our Experts Economy Deloitte 200 Industries Toolbox Property Tech Tech ICT News Internet Science Computers Wired Mobile Space Gadgets Innovation World World South America Videos Europe Climate Middle East Australia Africa Pacific Disasters Asia Strange but True USA Photos Sport Sport Golf Rugby Boxing Cricket Motorsport League Racing Football More Sport Basketball Live Scores Tennis Dream Team Entertainment Entertainment Music Spy Games Celebrity Culture Reviews What's on Video Sideswipe TV Puzzles Movies Horoscope Lifestyle Lifestyle Parenting Health & Wellbeing Design & Garden Food & Drink Viva Fashion & Beauty Canvas Relationships Pets & Animals Travel Travel International New Zealand Cruises NZ Walks Tips Australia Accommodation Pacific Discover America Rural Motoring Motoring Driven Property Property Residential Property Herald Homes True Commercial Classifieds Classifieds Public Notices True Commercial Businesses for Sale Motoring Sub Navigation Business Small Business Around NZ Economy Global Trade Retail Trade Industries Property Property News Businesses for Sale Herald Commercial Property Personal Finance Work Life Our Experts Deloitte 200 Toolbox Markets Right Now: Stocks end a wobbly day with solid gains 10:15 AM Thursday Jan 12, 2017 SHARE: Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Not saved Email Print World NEW YORK (AP) " The latest on developments in financial markets (All times local): 4:00 p.m. The stock market ended an up-and-down day with solid gains, led by energy companies as the price of crude oil climbed. Transocean, an oil rig operator, rose 4 percent Wednesday. Health care stocks fell after President-elect Donald Trump said the government needs to overhaul how it buys drugs from pharmaceutical companies. Many of the biggest losses in the Standard & Poor's 500 index went to drugmakers. Endo International plunged 8.5 percent. Despite those drops, the Nasdaq composite posted another gain and another all-time high. The index has risen every day this year. The S&P 500 climbed 6 points, or 0.3 percent, to 2,275. The Dow Jones industrial average rose 98 points, or 0.5 percent, to 19,954. The Nasdaq composite increased 11 points, or 0.2 percent, to 5,563. ___ 11:45 a.m. Stocks gave up most of an early gain on Wall Street and were little changed by midday. Drugmakers dropped in late morning trading Wednesday after President-elect Donald Trump called for efforts to reduce the government's spending on drugs. Continued below. Related Content Cartoon: Another Kiwi classic - Household debt National election promise to create recreational fishing-only zones running behind schedule Your views: Readers' letters The Nasdaq Biotechnology index dropped 2.7 percent in midday trading following Trump's comments at a news conference. It was little changed shortly before. AbbVie dropped 2.3 percent and Pfizer lost 2.2 percent. The Standard & Poor's 500 index was little changed at 2,269. The Dow Jones industrial average rose 42 points, or 0.2 percent, to 19,896. The Nasdaq composite fell 5 points, or 0.1 percent, to 5,546. Bond prices rose. The yield on the 10-year Treasury note fell to 2.36 percent. ___ 9:35 a.m. Stocks are getting off to a mixed start on Wall Street as investors look ahead to the start of corporate earnings reports later this week. Health care and utilities stocks are higher in early trading Wednesday, but banks and phone companies fell. Drugmaker Merck jumped 5 percent on news that regulators will do a quick review of one of its cancer drugs. Big U.S. companies start reporting fourth-quarter earnings this week. On Friday JPMorgan Chase, Wells Fargo and Bank of America release their results. The Dow Jones industrial average rose 20 points, or 0.1 percent, to 19,874. The Standard & Poor's 500 index slipped 1 point to 2,267. The Nasdaq composite fell 2 points, or 0.1 percent, to 5,549. AP This story has been automatically published from the Associated Press wire which uses US spellings Email Print Get the news delivered straight to your inbox Receive the day’s news, sport and entertainment in our daily email newsletter SIGN UP NOW Loading Currency Compare and convert world currencies. Discover more Loading Loading Herald Services Book your ad Driven Photos for sale True Commercial Death Notices Public Notices Our Regional News Stories The Northern Advocate Why we should welcome tourists Kiwis are renowned for our hospitality, and it's a character trait we take pride in. Aside… Hawke's Bay Today Injured boys flown to Hawke's Bay Hospital One boy suffered head injuries and second a broken leg in the incidents. Bay of Plenty Times Naked Tauranga theatre awaits arrival of new seats Tauranga's Baycourt Theatre is only days away from losing its reputation as an uncomfortable… Our Features' Top Stories Driven Mercedes-Benz updates its GLA range of SUVs Mercedes-Benz updates its compact luxury SUV range of GLA models, becoming available… Viva Best celebrity beauty looks From Sienna Miller to Emma Stone, our favourite celebrity beauty looks this week True Commercial Positive - with cautionary notes Heads of commercial agencies are generally upbeat about 2017 but... Says Colin Taylor More from us Social and Platforms Facebook Twitter Google+ Youtube Instagram RSS Email Mobile Contact the site Contact the newsroom - newspaper Contact the newsroom - digital Send pics, video and tips Help & Support Feedback Advertising Advertise with NZME. Print advertising Online Classified advertising Other Photo sales Subscriber services Promotions Sponsorship About us Our publications Search Legal Privacy Policy Terms of Use Competition Terms & Conditions View on our: Mobile Site © Copyright 2017, NZME. Publishing Limited Assembled by: (static) on production bpcf03 at 16 Jan 2017 14:51:59 Processing Time: 588ms
Home Mail Flickr Tumblr News Sports Finance Celebrity Answers Groups Mobile More Try Yahoo Finance on Firefox » Yahoo Search Search Sign in Mail Finance Home Originals Events Personal Finance Technology Markets Industries My Screeners My Portfolio U.S. Markets closed S&P 500 2,274.64 4.20 (0.18%) Dow 30 19,885.73 -5.27 (-0.03%) Nasdaq 5,574.12 26.63 (0.48%) Wall Street ends choppy session higher, health lags on Trump comments By Sinead Carew ReutersJanuary 11, 2017 Reblog Share Tweet Share Traders work on the floor of the New York Stock Exchange (NYSE) shortly after the opening bell in New York, U.S., January 9, 2017. REUTERS/Lucas JacksonMore By Sinead Carew NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. stocks ended higher after a choppy day on Wednesday as energy and technology gains countered a drop in healthcare stocks after President-elect Donald Trump said pharmaceutical companies were "getting away with murder" by charging high prices. The Nasdaq ended the day with another record closing high after falling as much as 0.5 percent after Trump's first formal news conference since the Nov. 8 election. The S&P 500 healthcare index <.SPXHC> ended the session down 1 percent after falling as much as 1.9 percent earlier in the day and the Nasdaq biotechnology index <.NBI> sank 2.96 percent, ending a six-day winning streak for both indexes. "When somebody that high profile says something that negative, people do not want to invest in it. They view the sector as uninvestible, and withdraw their money," Brad Loncar, manager of the Loncar Cancer Immunotherapy ETF . However, the sector's pain eased as the session wore on as money managers noted that Trump gave no new specific details on his healthcare proposals, according to Michael Scanlon, portfolio manager at Manulife Asset Management in Boston. He cited the beginning of fourth-quarter earnings season on Friday and Trump's inauguration as President on Jan. 20 as reasons for investor caution. "Portfolio managers have every reason in the world to sit on their hands," said Scanlon. "You put those two factors together and I don't think you're going to see much movement in the market until maybe we get some fireworks on Friday with earnings." The Dow Jones Industrial Average <.DJI> closed up 98.75 points, or 0.5 percent, to 19,954.28, the S&P 500 <.SPX> gained 6.42 points, or 0.28 percent, to 2,275.32 and the Nasdaq Composite <.IXIC> added 11.83 points, or 0.21 percent, to 5,563.65.Eight of the 11 major S&P sectors ended the day higher. Energy stocks <.SPNY>, ended 1.2 percent higher as crude oil prices rose. [O/R] The S&P's technology index <.SPLRCT> ended up 0.7 percent, boosted most by Microsoft Corp , Facebook Inc and Apple Inc . The biggest drag on the S&P's healthcare sector was Bristol-Meyers Squibb's with a 5.3 percent decline, after news that Merck & Co. leapfrogged its rivals in the race to combine immunotherapy with other drugs as a treatment for lung cancer. The next-biggest weights on the sector included Johnson & Johnson , with a 1.2 percent drop and Abbvie with a 3.6 percent decline. Advancing issues outnumbered declining ones on the NYSE by a 2.20-to-1 ratio; on Nasdaq, a 1.22-to-1 ratio favoured advancers. The S&P 500 posted 20 new 52-week highs and two new lows; the Nasdaq Composite recorded 99 new highs and 18 new lows. About 7.2 billion shares changed hands on U.S. exchanges on Wednesday compared with the 6.57 billion average for the last 20 sessions. (Additional reporting by Chuck Mikolajczak in New York and Yashaswini Swamynathan, Natalie Grover and Tanya Agrawal in Bengaluru; Editing by Savio D'Souza and James Dalgleish) Reblog Share Tweet Share Recently Viewed Your list is empty. What to Read Next He 'ought to be careful': Trump chief of staff issues stern warning to 'extremely political' government ethics watchdog Business Insider Marijuana Millionaire #2 MONEY MORNINGSponsored CIA director warns Trump to watch what he says, be careful on Russia Reuters Eight men own half the world's wealth: Oxfam AFP Trump threatens BMW with border tax on cars built in Mexico Reuters 2017 Honda CR-V Central Iowa Honda DealersSponsored Newspaper bills Donald Trump's inauguration as an episode of 'The Twilight Zone' Mashable The 20 cities with the highest cost of living Yahoo Finance Trump gets sworn in — What you need to know in markets this week Yahoo Finance Why Mechanics Keep Old And Dead Batteries? (watch) EzBatteryReconditioning.comSponsored Ford's CEO reveals his plan for the company's biggest transformation in history Business Insider ‘Bearish divergence’ warns it isn’t safe to buy bank stocks MarketWatch The Payments App Benefiting From Modi's Cash Crackdown Bloomberg Video Don't Buy Furniture Until You See This Site WayfairSponsored 3 ways Donald Trump will be positive for the M&A market Yahoo Finance Check out these cars GM created in the 1980s with tech decades ahead of its time Business Insider Kremlin counts days to Trump's inauguration, blasts Obama Jack Thom: When millions of government employees were hacked by China, Obama didn't care. When millions were hacked at Yahoo, Target,banks, Obama didn't care. Hacks into the private servers of the DNC... not our government mind you, wow, all of a sudden Obama cares. Why? Because it showed how corrupt the DNC is, and how prejudiced they are. Conveniently these sanctions occurred even before the full briefing on intel. Obama is doing everything he can to blame Russia, Comey, .. anybody for Clinton's loss, even creating a new Cold War to try and smear Trump. Join the Conversation 1 / 5 1.8k Data Disclaimer Help Suggestions
  Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Wires Home My Profile Logout Login Feedback DailyMail NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad Markets Right Now: Stocks end a wobbly day with solid gains By Associated Press Published: 16:11 EST, 11 January 2017 | Updated: 16:11 EST, 11 January 2017 e-mail NEW YORK (AP) — The latest on developments in financial markets (All times local): 4:00 p.m. The stock market ended an up-and-down day with solid gains, led by energy companies as the price of crude oil climbed. Transocean, an oil rig operator, rose 4 percent Wednesday. Health care stocks fell after President-elect Donald Trump said the government needs to overhaul how it buys drugs from pharmaceutical companies. Many of the biggest losses in the Standard & Poor's 500 index went to drugmakers. Endo International plunged 8.5 percent. Despite those drops, the Nasdaq composite posted another gain and another all-time high. The index has risen every day this year. The S&P 500 climbed 6 points, or 0.3 percent, to 2,275. The Dow Jones industrial average rose 98 points, or 0.5 percent, to 19,954. The Nasdaq composite increased 11 points, or 0.2 percent, to 5,563. ___ 11:45 a.m. Stocks gave up most of an early gain on Wall Street and were little changed by midday. Drugmakers dropped in late morning trading Wednesday after President-elect Donald Trump called for efforts to reduce the government's spending on drugs. The Nasdaq Biotechnology index dropped 2.7 percent in midday trading following Trump's comments at a news conference. It was little changed shortly before. AbbVie dropped 2.3 percent and Pfizer lost 2.2 percent. The Standard & Poor's 500 index was little changed at 2,269. The Dow Jones industrial average rose 42 points, or 0.2 percent, to 19,896. The Nasdaq composite fell 5 points, or 0.1 percent, to 5,546. Bond prices rose. The yield on the 10-year Treasury note fell to 2.36 percent. ___ 9:35 a.m. Stocks are getting off to a mixed start on Wall Street as investors look ahead to the start of corporate earnings reports later this week. Health care and utilities stocks are higher in early trading Wednesday, but banks and phone companies fell. Drugmaker Merck jumped 5 percent on news that regulators will do a quick review of one of its cancer drugs. Big U.S. companies start reporting fourth-quarter earnings this week. On Friday JPMorgan Chase, Wells Fargo and Bank of America release their results. The Dow Jones industrial average rose 20 points, or 0.1 percent, to 19,874. The Standard & Poor's 500 index slipped 1 point to 2,267. The Nasdaq composite fell 2 points, or 0.1 percent, to 5,549. Share or comment on this article e-mail Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article. Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail     DON'T MISS 'It's a huge shock': Binky Felstead reveals she is expecting her first baby with on/off co-star Josh Patterson... but they're 'still not officially together' PICTURE EXCLUSIVE Kourtney Kardashian, 37, wears a sheer bra for late-night rendezvous with former flame Justin Bieber, 22 'I was on the verge of a breakdown' : Olly Murs' mother reveals her heartache that son Ben has disowned the family over X Factor row Katy Perry debuts dramatic blonde dye-job as she surprise Orlando Bloom with a secret 40th birthday bash in Palm Springs Scarlet siren! Myleene Klass flaunts her enviably toned figure in skimpy red bikini as she goes body-boarding during exotic family getaway in Sri Lanka 'He's so proud of her': Danniella Westbrook set to appear on Loose Women with son Kai as she continues comeback following cocaine relapse Lewis Hamilton turns heads in bright yellow hoodie while arriving at LAX... as 'Valtteri Bottas' switch from Williams to Mercedes is set to be clarified' Paris Hilton flaunts her slender waist and endless legs in gold-embroidered LBD as she attends Milan Men's Fashion Week  'Show us the chopper!': Chloe Ferry demands Jamie O'Hara flashes his manhood... as Kim Woodburn and James Cosmo blast her 'gross' behaviour 'I'm gutted with myself!': CBB's James Jordan apologises to Jamie O'Hara after 'mugging him off' by calling him a 'washed-up footballer' Blac Chyna only has eyes for Rob Kardashian as the couple pack on the PDA for a flight to NYC The pair looked besotted at JFK airport Sunday 'We didn't go out of our way to keep it secret': Katherine Kelly reveals she has given birth to a second child called Rose after keeping pregnancy under wraps Baby and me! Olivia Wilde snuggles her newborn protectively as she enjoys a brisk walk in frosty Brooklyn Daisy in tow for the Sunday stroll Elizabeth Hurley, 51, looks incredibly youthful in blue midi dress with cross-shoulder detail as she attends Milan Men's Fashion Week Have Ellen DeGeneres and wife Portia de Rossi found an Australian home? Talk show host and actress request an inspection of $5.8 million Victoria mansion  'I can't work out whether it's amazing, genius or the worst episode I've seen!': Sherlock fans go wild over 'gory' series finale  New John le Carre spy drama for TV: BBC to follow up success of The Night Manager with adaptation of The Spy Who Came In From The Cold  'I have literally nothing to hide': Fitspo star Kayla Itsines opens up about the benefits of her drink and drug-free lifestyle as she poses for stunning shoot in Vogue Australia Josie Gibson winces as she suffers a nasty fall during training for The Jump in Austria... as Eddie 'The Eagle' Edwards is 'AXED from disaster-prone show for voicing safety concerns 'I still have a hangover!' Rebecca Judd complains about her 'rough day' after partying at the Portsea Polo as she laments about returning to work  'You're a fat slob!': CBB's Kim Woodburn and James Jordan become embroiled in a furious row with the cleaner claiming 'no one can stomach him'  Married at last? Sonia Kruger, 51 sparks speculation she has wed long-term partner Craig McPherson after stepping out while sporting a ring on THAT finger Wet 'n' wild! Alessandra Ambrosio displays her flawless physique in very tiny black bikini as she enjoys a dip in the sea in Brazil PICTURE EXCLUSIVE Kristin Cavallari relaxes in a bikini as she hires a yacht to celebrate Jay Cutler's 30th With their three young children Getting pizza all over her frock, 'shooing away' a cocktail waitress and interrupting interviews: Nicole Kidman's 'bizarre behaviour' at the Golden Globes revealed One piece wonder! Kelly Bensimon, 49, flaunts her figure in sexy black one piece with hip side cutouts Proved you don't need a bikini to look sexy Tamara Ecclestone shares cute pictures of her daughter Sophia, 2, showing off her skiing skills before enjoying a pony ride in Gstaad Enjoying Switzerland Making a stellar appearance! Nicole Richie snuggles up in star-spangled unicorn onesie at pyjama party Held hands with rocker husband, Joel Madden Dressed down Kylie Jenner giggles as she enjoys a night out at a burger joint with boyfriend Tyga She's notan expensive date. A royal faux pas? The Crown's Matt Smith spotted smoking 'suspicious looking cigarette' outside a London pub while on a night out with pals  Moving Swift-ly on? Giggling Tom Hiddleston is spotted bidding farewell to a mystery brunette during evening stroll back in London 'Mariah's filled with regret over James': Carey has 'reached out' to ex-fiance Packer to help her brand recover after New Year's Eve lip-syncing saga Church time! Gwen Stefani is a model mum in plaid as she attends worship services with her three sons Headed to church in Los Angeles on Sunday 'She's finally happy again': Cassandra Thorburn is willing to forgive ex-husband Karl Stefanovic and move on following their high profile split Hidden Figures counts up $20.5 million as it holds on to top spot at the box office for a second weekend About mathematicians who helped NASA put John Glenn into space  The reality of Instagram! Pia Muehlenbeck's hilarious before and after shots reveal what REALLY happens when models try to take the perfect beach shot 'Pajama jammy jam!' Kourtney Kardashian cuddles up to Kim's bestie Chrissy Teigen at Cash Warren's star-studded PJ party 'I will be ok!' Priyanka Chopra updates fans after dangerous fall on Quantico set left her with concussion Left hospitalised after a nasty fall  'I left the hospital looking 5 months pregnant': Peta Murgatroyd says 'real life' means female bodies don't just shrink back into shape Former TOWIE star Abi Clarke flaunts her eye-popping assets as she goes braless in extreme plunging playsuit and thigh-highs on night out She's got a lot of cheek! Bikini clad Holly Hagan flaunts her perky derriere in sizzling belfies during romantic breakaway to Thailand 'She's like my wife!' Amanda Peet describes relationship with BFF Sarah Paulson as 'intense and visceral' after THAT Golden Globes red carpet kiss 'I don't want to be at the centre of attention': Amanda Seyfried opens up about her upcoming wedding to Thomas Sadoski as she stuns in Prada on the cover of Vogue Australia Shedding for the wedding? Bonnie Sveen reveals her dramatic slim-down amid rumours her boyfriend Nathan Gooley is ready to pop the question Ariana Grande showcases her slender pins in sexy Instagram to promote her Dangerous Woman Tour Sultry shot of herself donning a black unitard 'Fastest retirement in history': Steven Jacobs returns to Today's weather segment less than two months after departing to live in Vanuatu 'Back in action': Yolanda Hadid shares behind the scenes shot as she joins daughter Gigi on Tommy Hilfiger shoot 'Causing trouble with him': Louise Thompson flaunts her toned body in yet ANOTHER workout video with beau Ryan Libbey... as she claims she's gained weight on holiday 'If I don't get a husband after this...': Jessica Wright embodies Christina Aguilera in raunchy leather chaps on new show Dance Dance Dance Is the sun setting on Sam and Kochie? Sunrise co-host David Koch 'wants Armytage replaced with Edwina Bartholomew' as ratings battle with Today Show's Karl and Lisa heats up Always camera ready! Jennifer Lopez turns shopping trip into a modelling shoot as she poses against a wall   Jennifer Lopez doesn't do casual. 'A bit of graft and willpower': Vicky Pattison shows off her incredibly toned figure in a sexy orange bikini at health retreat in Portugal after vowing to lose 10lbs 2DayFM 'under fire' after it's revealed new 'Sydney' breakfast show will be broadcast from Melbourne after Sam Frost and Rove McManus get dumped Amanda Seyfried shows off her bump in a grey sweater on outing with fiancé Thomas Sadoski Confirmed her first pregnancy in November 'No greater blessing than family!' Ciara's boy supports stepdad Russell Wilson's team... while his birth father Future backs the other side She's back! Kim Kardashian is her old self again as she sits astride a buggy and poses with a falcon on Dubai modelling shoot 'They're speaking all the time': Blake Garvey has been a 'shoulder to cry on' for Sam Frost following Bachelorette's split from Sasha Mielczarek Bikini-clad Billie Lourd holds hands with Taylor Lautner on sunshine break after the death of mother Carrie Fisher Mourning her mother and grandmother They played in Chelsea! Frankie Bridge celebrates her 27th birthday with retired footballer husband Wayne  Tina Fey pays tribute to Carrie Fisher as she appears in hologram form on Saturday Night Live Admitted she was 'nervous' about the gig Three generations of Beckham! David returns to Old Trafford with son Cruz and dad Ted as the trio watch Manchester United take on Liverpool 'Of course it's f*****g good to challenge your audience!' Sherlock creator Mark Gatiss slams fans who find the show confusing... and tells them to 'go read a children's book' 'Pound Shop today Harrods tomorrow!' Katie Price wraps up in a cosy designer ensemble during cut-price weekend shopping trip Looking bootyful! Kim Kardashian shows off her shapely rear in a form fitting white dress She's officially back at work, with a whirlwind tour of Dubai. 'Spray tan lyfe!' Ashley Graham strips down to her bikini as she flaunts her freshly tanned figure The plus-size stunner is a positive body image activist Prince George 'WON'T attend the same school as his father as Kate and William opt for smaller, more discreet pre-prep closer to Kensington Palace'  So good it's criminal! Busty Lauren Goodger flaunts her hourglass curves in saucy selfie... after supporting violent rap song penned by jailbird boyfriend's brother Before she shot to fame: Nicola McLean totes rifle as teen army cadet in newly-unveiled snaps... as pal Maria Fowler insists Tom Williams won't leave her over CBB flirting It's Kueen Kim! Kardashian is treated to a dance display as she gets the royal welcome in Dubai Now she knows how Kate Middleton feels EXCLUSIVE! Jessica Cunningham 'pretended she was sick' in order to ditch an online chat show deal at the last minute to enter the Big Brother house PJ-clad Jessica Alba plays beer pong at husband Cash Warren's birthday bash Also included a clip of designer Rachel Zoe engaging in the  sport Louise Thompson shows off her toned and tanned body in ANOTHER sun-soaked bikini snap on  break with boyfriend Ryan Libbey 'You just don't feel sexy!' The Hills star Audrina Patridge dishes on her love life after birth of baby daughter Kirra Thrill seeker! Ariel Winter squeals with delight as she takes her niece to Disneyland on her sixth birthday She was treating her to a day out Very cheeky! Chloe Madeley flashes her round posterior in racy grey swimsuit as she shares saucy belfie Flaunted her toned physique  Bare-faced beauty! Chloe Moretz keeps it casual in ripped sweatshirt and leggings Actress proved she doesn't need make-up or fancy clothes Getting fruity! Mollie King larks around with a pair of oranges in a skimpy bikini showing off her tanned flat stomach on holiday in Jamaica 'She's evil!': Scotty T slams 'thick' Geordie Shore co-star Chloe Ferry... after she left viewers DISGUSTED with her raunchy CBB antics Beefcake in Milan! Paris Hilton cosies up to muscle-bound models at Plein Sport runway show The reality TV icon later DJed the Sesto Sento Club in Lonato Former Corrie actress Katie Redford lands a new role on Archers after being axed from soap for lying about her age Axed two years ago She's got a lot of cheek! Bikini clad Holly Hagan flaunts her perky derriere and ample assets in sizzling selfie during sun soaked trip to Thailand He doesn't do things by halves! Rocco Ritchie can't contain his laughter as he breaks his skateboard in two while out and about in London MIC's Nicola Hughes puts on a leggy display in a chic olive dress as she enjoys a night out on the town Fun for all the family! Vanessa Paradis and new boyfriend Samuel Benchetrit appear downcast as they take Lily Rose Depp for a day of shopping in Paris Some helping hands! Blac Chyna heads to the mall with TWO nannies to help look after son King Cairo and baby Dream 'You're a very handsome man, aren't you?' CBB's Chloe Ferry flirts up a storm with bemused Calum Best... and offers to flash her VAGINA to everyone Christina Milian flaunts her ample cleavage in a saucy ensemble as she parties with BFF Karrueche Tran Thigh-grazing latex mini skirt 'She is smitten': Amber Heard said to be besotted with billionaire Elon Musk... as she prepares for 'new chapter' following Johnny Depp divorce Booty and the beach! Shirtless Gaz Beadle gets VERY tactile with bikini-clad girlfriend Emma McVey as he cheekily gropes her bum during romantic Emirates break The Apprentice's Frances Bishop displays her endless curves and perky posterior in skimpy bikini during sun soaked break to Dubai  Suki Waterhouse flaunts her tanned and toned physique in a skimpy bikini as she jogs along the beach in Mexico Went for a run along the Mayan Riviera Scarlett Moffatt highlights her dramatically slimmed down frame in a plunging floral minidress after making appearance on Sunday Brunch Plaid to see you! Pregnant Natalie Portman covers her large baby bump in a stylish checked jacket as she goes for leisurely park stroll Actress Emily Watson insists middle-aged sexuality is 'ignored' as she takes on new role as a cheating mother in racy BBC thriller  X Factor winner Matt Terry gets a kiss from a male pal as he enjoys a night out... after revealing Freddy Parker is moving out of their bachelor pad Lindsay Lohan cuts a chic figure in a quirky dog print co-ord as she enjoys a night out with a male friend in Milan   She's currently holidaying in one of the world's most stylish cities It's Compl-Ex! Danielle Bux grabs lunch with former husband-turned pal Gary Lineker in LA as they continue their budding friendship... then joins new man Nate Greenwald for dinner Lily James cuts a concerned figure as she talks anxiously on the phone...after boyfriend Matt Smith is spotted 'smoking suspicious cigarette'  Scarlett Moffatt looks slimmer than ever in all black ensemble as she hits the town with mum Betty... after fans urged 'gaunt' star to stop losing weight Shock for Harry's girl: Meghan Markle's BROTHER is arrested and charged with holding a gun to a woman's head 'in row during late night drinking session at his flat' Prince William will give up his career as a helicopter pilot to become a full-time royal as Queen hands over duties Girls' shopping trip! Katie Holmes takes daughter Suri Cruise to children's clothing store in LA Spotted on Saturday enjoying a bit of weekend quality time Mariah Carey sports plunging LBD as she and toyboy Bryan Tanaka step out in London Displayed her figure in a form-fitting dress  Pretty in pink! Lindsay Lohan steps out in sexy silky ensemble in Milan The 30-year-old former wild-child was spotted looking pretty in pink as she left her hotel in Milan PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Victoria Beckham wraps up in winter white polo neck as she enjoys girly day shopping with daughter Harper Back from the Maldives Sylvester Stallone's daughters Sophia, 20, and Sistine, 18, sizzles in coordinating black ensembles alongside their mother Jennifer at star-studded Dolce & Gabbana party Hunky dory: Hollywood heartthrobs Chris Hemsworth and Matt Damon catch up over dinner in LA with Chris' wife Elsa Pataky Blac Chyna in the red? Star threatened with lawsuit for $3million in 'unpaid fees' as 'longtime managers' claim she 'cut them out' of lucrative deals Gwen Stefani's ex-husband, Daisy Lowe's father, the singer from Bush, and now the coach contestants don't really want...Gavin Rossdale joins The Voice UK, by Jim Shelley Heard what James said? Pierce Brosnan looks stern during press conference... after chatshow host Corden labels him 'rudest' celebrity Sid Owen celebrates his 45th birthday by partying in London with pals including Jade Jones and Leigh Francis  Progress report! Justin Bieber checks in on protégé Madison Beer over dinner at trendy Catch LA BBC brands its OWN show 's**t' in awkward Twitter blunder as they retweet Let It Shine criticism  Danielle Lloyd snuggles up to fiancé Michael O'Neill on night out... as she admits to being a 'crazy b***h' after online trolls began targeting her when ex Jamie O'Hara entered CBB Why I never let Claudia Winkleman look in the mirror as a child: The Strictly host's mother EVE POLLARD says it's the best thing you can do for your daughters  'The day my world became complete': Stephanie Davis posts first adorable snap of baby boy... 'after revealing she'll name  son after stranger who chatted her up' 'Love on the sand': Photoshop enthusiast Natasha Oakley puts on a loved up display with beau Gilles Souteyrand  as she continues to holiday in the Caribbean Pajama party! Chrissy Teigen and John Legend rock ridiculous chicken themed onesies in hilarious snaps Georgia May Foote cosies up to new boyfriend George Alsford in a series of sunny snaps from romantic holiday Lisa Rinna, 53, sizzles in skintight leather trousers alongside her model daughter Delilah, 18, as they dine in LA 'Starting to see the results and it feels so good!' Jennifer Ellison reveals her slimmer physique after losing more than a stone in ONE month Actress Lily Collins: 'My famous surname made me work harder' Drummer's daughter was top of screen legend Warren Beatty's casting list for latest film 'Sometimes I can't breathe': Danielle Lloyd claims she has panic attacks and is 'too frightened' to leave the house due to trolling since ex Jamie O'Hara  appeared on CBB Bottoms up! Kirsten Dunst flaunts her toned pins and perky derriere in skintight denims as she hides her jaw-dropping engagement ring in LA 'When she's had a few drinks, she's crazy': CBB's Jamie O'Hara slams ex-wife Danielle Lloyd as he claims she's 'absolutely crackers' on a night out Eagle-eyed fans point out embarrassing EastEnders gaffe... as Mick Carter celebrates his 40th birthday on the WRONG date Fierce fashion instincts! Mandy Moore rocks chic animal print gown at Elle's Women in Television honors Pink throws daughter Willow Sage celebratory 'big sister party' as she lovingly cradles newborn son Jameson Moon Victoria Beckham 'takes legal action to block Spice Girls reunion'... as Geri Horner announces she's leaving GEM to focus on her family' 'It's nice to feel you've got support!' One Direction's Louis Tomlinson praises former bandmate Zayn Malik as he wins two nominations at 2017 BRIT Awards Spellbinding! Jessica Biel shows off her shapely legs in cut-out skirt as she attends premiere party for Just Add Magic EXCLUSIVE: ITV stalwarts Phillip Schofield and Holly Willoughby can't contain their laughter as they join glamorous Lorraine Kelly in new promo Kim Kardashian's former bodyguard breaks his silence on Paris robbery and says he's 'not avoiding anything' about the heist or WHY he was sacked 'I trained her like an athlete': Khloe Kardashian's trainer spills the secrets behind the star's enviable body - including countless squats, 'sled pushing' and intense boxing Beach bum! Instagram sensation Pia Muehlenbeck flaunts pert posterior and ample assets oceanside 'I wish R.I.P. meant Return If Possible': Celine Dion unveils powerful new a cappella song in tribute to late husband Rene one year after his death 'It's an uphill struggle': Sienna Miller reveals she hasn't filmed a movie for a year claiming there 'aren't many great roles for women' Run Daniel, run! James Bond star Craig makes a dash for it through the busy streets to make it to the New York Theater in time for his performance in Othello Make-up free Kate Hudson bundles up in all black with red cap as she steps out with Kurt Russell in Beverly Hills 'When you have a rare cappuccino': Ronan Keating's pregnant wife Storm sips on coffee as she heads into her third trimester in a matter of weeks 'Thanks Uncle Snoop!' Miley Cyrus poses by a marijuana bar at weed-themed birthday party for boyfriend Liam Hemsworth Lamar Odom says the first he knew of his near fatal drugs overdose was waking up to find Khloé Kardashian at his side in hospital Sneak peak interview 'Bringin' the 80's back!' Lauren Pope flaunts her pert derriere in sizzling neon swimsuit as she enjoys Dubai holiday with new Geordie Shore beau Aaron Chalmers Pregnant Billie Faiers displays her blossoming baby bump in black bikini after jetting to Dubai for her 27th birthday celebration Brad Pitt looks relaxed as he hangs out with Sting and Chris Cornell at star-studded EB disease benefit in Malibu 'Current mood': Naomi Watts shares flashack photo of herself as a bored schoolgirl in Brides of Christ as she complains about being on set past midnight  'You're in the wrong, just shut up!' Kim Woodburn throws EPIC tantrum after Geordie Shore's Chloe Ferry 'soaks' her by jumping into the CBB hot tub Move over sisters! Kendall Jenner steals the Kardashian spotlight with racy HEADLESS bikini selfie that forces followers to check out her body Orange you glad she came! Shailene Woodley sizzles in vibrant statement coat at star-studded Elle's Women in Television bash 'I heard nothing and saw everything!' Twitter goes wild as Roxanne Pallett's actor ex strips off to reveal his rippling muscles after making it through on Let It Shine Love is in the air! Matthew McConaughey looks casually cool in a stylish camel coat as he and wife Camilla Alves jet over to New York City 'She was her enemy': Elizabeth Taylor 'disliked' Sophia Loren as she feared the siren could steal love Richard Burton away, new book claims 'I'm gutted!': Emma Willis reveals disappointment over Austin Armacost's shock eviction from CBB... as show bosses face backlash for his awkward exit GIRL ABOUT TOWN: Is Sheridan Smith pregnant? The 35-year-old actress is seen regularly rubbing her stomach while singing Selena Gomez and The Weeknd's romance didn't break the friend code with Bella Hadid... because 'they're only acquaintances' GIRL ABOUT TOWN: Harry and Meghan are set to slope off for a romantic break... but poor old William may miss his Alpine adventure with Kate  'Grooming day!': Jenna Dewan Tatum shows off flawless make-up free face during futuristic-like skin session From Hollywood to Bollywood! Ruby Rose reveals she has ambitions to cut it in Asian market Classic colors! Reese Witherspoon and Nicole Kidman shine in black and white ensembles at Elle's Women in Television celebration 'HAPPY Z DAY'! Taylor Swift celebrates Zayn Malik's birthday by teasing their Fifty Shades Darker music video Spot the rock! Kate Mara sports a large ring glinting on her left hand as it emerges that she is engaged to Fantastic Four co-star Jamie Bell Another baby on the way! Jeff Goldblum, 64, is expecting second child with wife Emilie Livingston, 33 Announcement on Instagram 'They're giving things another go': Stevi Ritchie and Chloe-Jasmine Whichello 'are back together'... four months after calling off their engagement 'My babies': Blac Chyna cuddles up to her nine-week-old daughter Dream and four-year-old son King Cairo in sweet Instagram video Getting ready for Washington DC! Caitlyn Jenner grabs a coffee as she prepares for her appearance at Donald Trump's inauguration Well-dressed in coral Seeking comfort from her sister! Bella Hadid visits Gigi in snowy New York after her ex The Weeknd is spotted kissing Selena Gomez Knowles... Run The World! Sisters Beyonce and Solange go head-to-head as they compete for Best International Female Solo Artist 2017 BRIT Award Bit awkward? Little Mix's Perrie Edwards and ex-fiance Zayn Malik will battle it out for best British single at the 2017 BRIT Awards  Nominations announced Transgender singer Anohni bags nomination for Best British Female at 2017 BRIT Awards... eleven years after she was up for Best British Male White hot! Hailey Baldwin shows off her taut tummy wearing white mesh in stunning retro swimsuit shots Sultry in series of solo posts on Instagram Sofia Richie flaunts lace bra and washboard abs in coordinated tracksuit as she attends Moschino Milan fashion show with Paris Hilton Back in a skintight minidress! Kim Kardashian is curvy in a cream number as she continues touring Dubai after $1,600 makeup masterclass She's back! Mandy Moore returns as Rapunzel in new Tangled: Before Ever After trailer Back in the gym! Ashley Graham kicks off 2017 with workout clip as she keeps her generous curves in check after a month-long holiday Nicola McLean reveals she no longer wears her wedding ring after hubby Tom Williams cheated... while Danielle Lloyd continues their feud on Twitter Let's get cracking! James Jordan and Jedward cause chaos as they break into the main house and egg the kitchen on Celebrity Big Brother 'I did advise': Brian Blessed warned George Lucas about Jar Jar Binks when filming Phantom Menace... and insists Alec Guinness did not hate Star Wars Riding high in Dubai! Kim Kardashian goes for dune buggy ride then plays with a falcon during busy UAE trip Ditches mini for a black top and maroon slacks Get the kid a psychologist': Jeremy McConnell appears bleary eyed as he parties with pals in Thailand as ex Stephanie Davis gives birth to a son 'Working on the bumper!' Vogue Williams displays her peachy posterior in skimpy bodysuit as she continues to train for The Jump 'This is begging for a pun!' Fans get smutty as Katie Price shares snap of hairless cat Dobbi perching on her behind during EIGHTH bum lift  Let one take a selfie! Prince Andrew and ex-wife Sarah Ferguson send out VERY unusual royal thank you cards to well-wishers over Christmas  GIRL ABOUT TOWN: So Royals do carry cash - and wear on-trend trainers! Stylish Duke of Kent, 81, withdraws wads of £20 notes near his Kensington Palace home  Here we go again! Pregnant Geri Horner 'quits Spice Girls reunion and leaves the group for the second time to focus on her family'  Priorities changed Brooklyn Beckham's former flame Sonia Ben Ammar looks effortlessly stylish as she walks for Dolce & Gabbana alongside Sofia Richie at Milan Men's Fashion Week EXCLUSIVE: MIC's Lucy Watson shows off toned and tanned figure skimpy pink bikini as she hits the beach in Barbados with hunky boyfriend James Dunmore 'You're right it does look like a penis!' Cheeky chap Tom Hardy laughs about his phallic signature as he signs autographs at LAX 'Things have to change': Reese Witherspoon nearly breaks down in tears as she talks importance of representing women on screen 'We're very, very close friends': Nicole Kidman looks lovely in dusty rose dress as she discusses bond with fellow actress Reese Witherspoon Picture purr-fect! Bella Thorne shows off her perfectly toned flat midriff while posing with her cat in makeup-free Snapchat photo New mum Rebekah Vardy leaves hospital alongside her father after welcoming baby boy with England striker Jamie Vardy Picture of health Mad about plaid! Melissa McCarthy, 46, shows off thinner frame in bright pantsuit as she reacts to Gilmore Girls' shocking conclusion Channing Tatum and wife Jenna Dewan coordinate in baseball hats with jeans while running errands with daughter Everly, three The BBC treated Only Fools and Horses stars as 'poor relations', claims Del Boy David Jason as he reveals why he's returned to our screens at 76 Her favorite role! Cate Blanchett gets back to mom duty during break from Broadway's The Present as she's bundled up with her kids in NYC 'He will always be in our hearts': Celine Dion pays tribute to late husband on first anniversary of his death with video full of flashback photos Dakota Fanning returns to TV for upcoming period thriller The Alienist ...15 years after her last regular series role on the small screen 'Be who you are': Paris Hilton flashes side boob in daring dress while sharing inspiring message after being spotted with mystery man in Mexico Head Start to Home Cooked Get Recipes more SHARE PICTURE Copy link to paste in your message Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Network This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Contributors Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
Xconomy Xperience EXOME National Regions Channels Events Top Entrepreneurs’ Advice → EXOME all the information, none of the junk | biotech • healthcare • life sciences Want EXOME sent to you daily? Meet the Contributors → Pain Drug Developer Adynxx Picks Up $16M for Another Clinical Trial Frank Vinluan January 10th, 2017 @frankvinluan @xconomy Like Us Xconomy San Francisco —  Despite the wide range of pain relievers available, many patients find these drugs fall short of easing pain after surgery and during rehabilitation. Drug developer Adynxx is trying to address that pain with a new treatment developed to be administered to patients during surgery. The San Francisco-based biotech now has $16 million to continue testing its approach. TPG Biotech, a new investor in the company, led the $16 million Series B round of funding. Domain Associates, which backed Adynxx’s $18 million Series A round in 2010, also participated in the latest financing. Adynxx’s lead drug, AYX1, is administered as a spinal injection. When the company began clinical trials in 2012, Adynxx CEO Rick Orr told Xconomy that the company’s drug works by blocking a protein that acts like a master switch for multiple pain signaling pathways. Orr said that this approach could have the effect of preventing pain, rather than just treating it. The idea of preventing post-surgical pain caught the eye of Cubist Pharmaceuticals, which paid $20 million in 2013 for the right to acquire Adynxx pending mid-stage clinical trial results. But after getting a look at those results in 2014, Cubist passed on its option to buy the company, saying that the “magnitude of the clinical response did not meet Cubist’s exercise criteria.” Cubist itself was acquired by Merck (NYSE: MRK) later that year. To date, Adynxx has completed two Phase 2 proof-of-concept studies. Following the most recent study in 2015, which enrolled 120 patients who had knee replacement surgery, Adynxx said that a statistically significant number of patients treated with the drug reported less pain in a walking test compared against those given a placebo. Adynxx also said its drug met the secondary goal of reducing pain while these patients were at rest. With no acquirer or partner standing by, Adynxx must go into Phase 3 clinical trials on its own. But first, the company is preparing yet another mid-stage study. The previous Phase 2 trials tested the Adynxx drug in different dosages. The company has now settled on a 660 milligram dose administered as a 6 milliliter injection, according to records filed on clinicaltrials.gov. Adynxx plans to test that dose in 200 knee replacement patients randomized to receive the Adynxx drug or a placebo. The $16 milion Series B round will help fund that study. Photo by Flickr user Joe Flintham via a Creative Commons license. Frank Vinluan is editor of Xconomy Raleigh-Durham, based in Research Triangle Park. You can reach him at fvinluan [at] xconomy.com Follow @frankvinluan Share on Facebook Share on Twitter LinkedIn Email Reprints More from EXOME West Coast Biotech Roundup: Global Blood, Invitae, GeneWEAVE, Adynxx Allergen Takes $80M Series B for Phase 3 Peanut Allergy Trial Weeks After Deal, FDA Slaps Clinical Hold on Regeneron/Teva Pain Drug Trending on Xconomy Cord Cutting: How to Get High-Speed Internet Service Without Cable Notes From The JPM ’17 Vortex: Trump, Rainstorms & The Price You Pay Xerox’s PARC Gets A New CEO: Tolga Kurtoglu Underwriters and Partners From Our Advertisers The 8 biggest challenges facing clinical trials today Explore the survey report of leading clinical professionals KNect365 Life Sciences The Fractured State of Sales Enablement & Training OnDemand Webinar Allego The Feed Tweets from https://twitter.com/Xconomy/lists/lifesci Home Privacy/DMCA Security Disclosures About Contact Us Archives Advertise Subscribe for Free Business, life sciences, and technology news — covering Boston, Seattle, San Diego, Detroit/Ann Arbor, San Francisco, New York, Raleigh-Durham, Boulder/Denver, Texas, Wisconsin, Indiana, and beyond. © 2007-2017, Xconomy, Inc. Xconomy is a registered service mark of Xconomy, Inc. All rights reserved. Website development support from Andrew Koyfman with design support from Rob Hunter.
Toggle navigation Toggle navigation Home Samachar News Finance SPORTS Movies Bawarchi Astrology Videos Gold rates DUBAI GOLD RATES RUPEE Jobs Health Antzill Techtalk Web Sify Search Sify.com Finance Equity US STOCKS-Wall St set for flat open; Trump conference in focus US STOCKS-Wall St set for flat open; Trump conference in focus Source : Last Updated: Wed, Jan 11, 2017 19:40 hrs Tweet Mail Print * Trump news conference set for 11:00 a.m. ET * Dollar rises ahead of Trump speech * Merck up on FDA review update * Futures: Dow up 2 pts, S&P down 2 pts, Nasdaq up 0.75 pt (Adds details, comments, updates prices) By Yashaswini Swamynathan Jan 11 (Reuters) - U.S. stocks were set open largely flat on Wednesday, ahead of President-elect Donald Trump's first formal news conference, where he is expected to give more insight into his plans to boost economic growth. Trump, who takes office on Jan. 20, is scheduled to speak in New York at 11:00 a.m. ET (1600 GMT). Trump's election in November sparked a record-setting rally. But, investors now want evidence on if and how he keeps his campaign-trail promises of stimulating the economy though increased public spending, tax cuts and repatriating U.S. companies' funds from overseas. The dollar, which has also basked in Trump's victory, was up against the yen. However, concerns of some of his protectionist statements have kept investors wary. Keeping futures afloat were oil prices, which edged up for the first time in three days after Saudi Arabia provided details of a February supply cut to some of its Asian customers. "The overall technical picture for the stock market remains firm and we look for commodities to be the market leaders of the day, thereby, keeping the markets upward trend in place," Peter Cardillo, chief market economist at First Standard Financial, said in a note. Dow e-minis were up 2 points, or 0.01 percent at 8:47 a.m. ET, with 21,832 contracts changing hands. S&P 500 e-minis were down 2 points, or 0.09 percent, with 123,587 contracts traded. Nasdaq 100 e-minis were up 0.75 points, or 0.01 percent, on volume of 19,484 contracts. Investors are also closely watching the corporate earnings season, which kicks off with big banks on Friday, to see if financial results can support the lofty valuations Wall Street is trading at. The combined profit of S&P 500 companies is estimated to have risen 5.8 percent in the fourth quarter - the best in three years - largely helped by financials stocks, according to Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S. The S&P 500 ended flat on Tuesday, while the Nasdaq logged a record close due to gains in healthcare and technology stocks. New York Federal Reserve President William Dudley is expected to speak on banking regulations at 01:20 p.m. ET. Among stocks, Dow component Merck rose 3.2 percent to $61.84 premarket after the FDA agreed to a speedy review of the company's application to combine immunotherapy with other drugs to treat lung cancer. AstraZeneca and Bristol-Myers, which are also developing similar therapies, were down 1.2 percent and 3.3 percent, respectively. Mylan rose nearly 2 percent to $39.72 after the FDA accepted a biologics license application for the company and Biocon's proposed biosimilar to treat breast cancer. (Reporting by Yashaswini Swamynathan in Bengaluru; Editing by Savio D'Souza) SEARCH More from Sify: gold rate silver rate   Cities   Price (10g)   Gold Rate in Chennai   Rs. 26820.00 (0%)   Gold Rate in Mumbai   Rs. 27170.00 (0.93%)   Gold Rate in Delhi   Rs. 26900.00 (0%)   Gold Rate in Kolkata   Rs. 26290.00 (0%)   Gold Rate in Kerala   Rs. 25850.00 (0%)   Gold Rate in Bangalore   Rs. 26250.00 (0.57%)   Gold Rate in Hyderabad   Rs. 26920.00 (0.37%) more   Cities   Price (1 kg)   Silver Rate in Chennai   Rs. 39345.00 (-0.01%)   Silver Rate in Mumbai   Rs. 39345.00 (-0.01%)   Silver Rate in Delhi   Rs. 39345.00 (-0.01%)   Silver Rate in Kolkata   Rs. 39345.00 (-0.01%)   Silver Rate in Kerala   Rs. 39345.00 (-0.01%) more talking point on sify finance About Us Data Center Cloud Computing Servers Cloud Applications Hosting MPLS VPN Network Services Disclaimer Privacy Policy Careers Feedback Advertise Digital © Copyright Sify Technologies Ltd, 1998-2016. All rights reserved
Google+ Singapore Weather Min. 24° | Max. 33° Air Quality: PSI 43-55 We set you thinking Monday 16 January 2017 Read the PDF print edition Main menu hot news Commentary Voices Singapore daily focus China & India World Business Tech Sports Entertainment Lifestyle Blogs Photos Videos Print Edition Management Impact SME Property newstream Business Samsung Electronics probe finds battery was main cause of Note 7 fires: source 1484530442 World South Korea prosecutor indicts NPS chief in political scandal probe 1484529755 China&India Beijing will 'take off the gloves' if Trump continues on Taiwan: China Daily 1484527800 Tech Samsung probe finds battery was main cause of Galaxy Note 7 fires: Source 1484529960 Lifestyle Gordon Ramsay to cook with food waste at pop-up restaurant in London 1484528189 World South Korea former opposition leader holds lead in presidential favorites poll 1484527101 World Trump's offer to Putin: an end to sanctions for nuclear arms cut - London Times 1484527548 World Trump says NATO is obsolete but still 'very important to me' 1484527548 World Trump says Brexit to be 'a great thing', wants quick trade deal with UK 1484524786 World One hand on light switch, Obama isn’t flipping to ‘off’ just yet 1484525760 Business Singapore to prop up South-east Asia’s muted IPO market in 2017 1484526995 World Stark inequality: Oxfam says 8 men as rich as half the world 1484526991 World Are fathers getting a raw deal in the workplace, UK inquiry asks 1484525784 Business Key Samsung shares steady, market awaits South Korea prosecution decision on leader 1484526334 World Trump team may move West Wing briefings to expand capacity 1484523960 Singapore Singapore has world’s 2nd most ‘powerful’ passport: Index 1484525520 World Living standards better growth gauge than GDP, Davos forum says 1484524260 World Obama says U.N. vote didn't rupture U.S.-Israel relations 1484524916 Business World's eight richest as wealthy as half humanity, Oxfam tells Davos 1484525116 Business Luxottica and Essilor to merge in $53 billion deal: FT 1484524335 World What changes under Turkey’s new constitution plan? 1484523395 Business Job cuts, fewer flights? Hong Kong airline Cathay Pacific set for overhaul 1484523391 World Early elections set to be called in Northern Ireland 1484522049 World Trump says Merkel made 'catastrophic mistake' with refugee policy 1484522485 World Death toll from Brazil jail riot at 27, nine injured 1484522361 Business In choosing a job, focus on the fun 1484523096 World Efforts ramped up to monitor fires in Riau, Kalimantan amid haze fears 1484479260 Singapore Poor response to scheme to guide SMEs to attract, retain manpower 1484495460 Lifestyle Chat with a cat? Who could resist? 1484521860 China&India One-China policy non-negotiable, Beijing reminds Trump again 1484510460 Business Sterling skids on Brexit worry; investors await Trump clarity 1484521298 Business Exclusive: Philip Morris jolted by Indian proposal to ban foreign tobacco investment 1484521516 World CIA director warns Trump to watch what he says, be careful on Russia 1484516160 World Trump labels NATO ‘obsolete’ in newspaper interview 1484520989 Sports High-flying pro wrestling star Jimmy ‘Superfly’ Snuka dies at 73 1484520693 Business Trump threatens BMW with border tax on cars built in Mexico 1484518446 World French ex-PM Valls trails in left-wing TV primary debate: poll 1484518110 World Trump says wants nuclear arsenals cut 'very substantially' 1484517828 World Tibet protesters detained in Swiss capital during Xi Jinping visit 1484517484 Business Davos elites struggle for answers as Trump era dawns 1484517960 World South Korea prosecutor weighs economic impact of arrest of Samsung chief 1484468130 Sports Ibrahimovic's late goal earns Manchester United 1-1 draw vs Liverpool 1484516160 Singapore TODAY's morning briefing for Jan 16 1484515800 World Britain has 'reservations' about Paris Middle East peace talks 1484508777 World Congo government says M23 rebel fighters cross over border from Uganda 1484512211 World Israel, Palestinians warned against solo steps harmful to peace 1484512857 World Jordan's king reshuffles cabinet amid growing security, economic challenges 1484508864 Singapore AHTC resolves five more areas of non-compliance 1484510460 Singapore MINDS students take part in One Community Day for first time 1484510460 Business Allianz keen on takeovers, may study big U.S. move 1484511423 Business Wall Street ends choppy session higher, health lags on Trump comments Traders work on the floor of the New York Stock Exchange in New York. Photo: Reuters mail print View all comments Tweet Published: 8:30 PM, January 11, 2017 Updated: 7:00 AM, January 12, 2017 NEW YORK - U.S. stocks ended higher after a choppy day on Wednesday as energy and technology gains countered a drop in healthcare stocks after President-elect Donald Trump said pharmaceutical companies were "getting away with murder" by charging high prices. The Nasdaq ended the day with another record closing high after falling as much as 0.5 percent after Trump's first formal news conference since the Nov. 8 election. The S&P 500 healthcare index <.SPXHC> ended the session down 1 percent after falling as much as 1.9 percent earlier in the day and the Nasdaq biotechnology index <.NBI> sank 2.96 percent, ending a six-day winning streak for both indexes. "When somebody that high profile says something that negative, people do not want to invest in it. They view the sector as uninvestible, and withdraw their money," Brad Loncar, manager of the Loncar Cancer Immunotherapy ETF <CNCR.O>. However, the sector's pain eased as the session wore on as money managers noted that Trump gave no new specific details on his healthcare proposals, according to Michael Scanlon, portfolio manager at Manulife Asset Management in Boston. He cited the beginning of fourth-quarter earnings season on Friday and Trump's inauguration as President on Jan. 20 as reasons for investor caution. "Portfolio managers have every reason in the world to sit on their hands," said Scanlon. "You put those two factors together and I don't think you're going to see much movement in the market until maybe we get some fireworks on Friday with earnings." The Dow Jones Industrial Average <.DJI> closed up 98.75 points, or 0.5 percent, to 19,954.28, the S&P 500 <.SPX> gained 6.42 points, or 0.28 percent, to 2,275.32 and the Nasdaq Composite <.IXIC> added 11.83 points, or 0.21 percent, to 5,563.65.Eight of the 11 major S&P sectors ended the day higher. Energy stocks <.SPNY>, ended 1.2 percent higher as crude oil <CLc1> <LCOc1> prices rose. The S&P's technology index <.SPLRCT> ended up 0.7 percent, boosted most by Microsoft Corp <MSFT.O>, Facebook Inc <FB.O> and Apple Inc <AAPL.O>. The biggest drag on the S&P's healthcare sector was Bristol-Meyers Squibb's <BMY.N> with a 5.3 percent decline, after news that Merck & Co. leapfrogged its rivals in the race to combine immunotherapy with other drugs as a treatment for lung cancer. The next-biggest weights on the sector included Johnson & Johnson <JNJ.N>, with a 1.2 percent drop and Abbvie <ABBV.N> with a 3.6 percent decline. Advancing issues outnumbered declining ones on the NYSE by a 2.20-to-1 ratio; on Nasdaq, a 1.22-to-1 ratio favored advancers. The S&P 500 posted 20 new 52-week highs and two new lows; the Nasdaq Composite recorded 99 new highs and 18 new lows. About 7.2 billion shares changed hands on U.S. exchanges on Wednesday compared with the 6.57 billion average for the last 20 sessions. REUTERS mail print View all comments Tweet Recommended For You   More Stories For You The Most Business READ COMMENTED “India really means business”: Iswaran ’appy iPhone users as WhatsApp Web goes iOS ‘Your fried rice’s ready, Chef’ ‘Unicorns’ face up to reality of new dotcom bubble ‘Tweaks' to property cooling measures worth exploring, say industry players Yellen had 'super risky' proposal for Fed's 2011 low-rate vow: transcripts Yahoo to be named Altaba, Mayer to leave board after Verizon deal Yahoo plans to shrink board, change name to Altaba after Verizon deal Xi to be first Chinese leader to attend Davos World Economic Forum World's eight richest as wealthy as half humanity, Oxfam tells Davos With new leverage, NYC's Stringer could reshape boardrooms Where to get help if you’re in financial trouble Wells Fargo thinks it has paid back customers as required Weekly jobless claims rise; import prices push higher Wall Street opens flat ahead of Trump conference Inside Today World South Korea prosecutor indicts NPS chief in political scandal probe Beijing will 'take off the gloves' if Trump continues on Taiwan: China Daily Trump's offer to Putin: an end to sanctions for nuclear arms cut - London Times Trump says NATO is obsolete but still 'very important to me' South Korea former opposition leader holds lead in presidential favorites poll Business Singapore to prop up South-east Asia’s muted IPO market in 2017 Key Samsung shares steady, market awaits South Korea prosecution decision on leader World's eight richest as wealthy as half humanity, Oxfam tells Davos Luxottica and Essilor to merge in $53 billion deal: FT Job cuts, fewer flights? Hong Kong airline Cathay Pacific set for overhaul Sports High-flying pro wrestling star Jimmy ‘Superfly’ Snuka dies at 73 Ibrahimovic's late goal earns Manchester United 1-1 draw vs Liverpool Meet Nicol David, the Serena Williams of women's squash Nadal determined to fight against the pain Williams seeks Grand Slam greatness at Australian Open Entertainment High-flying pro wrestling star Jimmy ‘Superfly’ Snuka dies at 73 It’s curtains for ‘World’s Greatest Show’ after 146 years No plans to digitise Fisher in future Star Wars films Artwalk pays homage to Little India’s heritage Glass shards to the face and having to dance without music About TODAY Apps RSS Sitemap Syndication Contact Us Advertise with Us Terms & Conditions About MediaCorp Copyright 2017 © Mediacorp Press Ltd. All Rights Reserved. Mediacorp News Group
24/7 Wall St. - Insightful Analysis and Commentary for U.S. and Global Equity Investors Search this site Business Aerospace & Defense Autos Banking & Finance Commodities & Metals Consumer Products Energy Healthcare Industrials Infrastructure Media Retail Services Technology Apps & Software Consumer Electronics Telecom & Wireless Apple Inc. Facebook Google Investing Analyst Upgrades Bankruptcy Buffett Corporate Governance Corporate Performance Dividends and Buybacks Earnings ETFs and Mutual Funds International Markets IPOs and Secondaries Mergers and Acquisitions Personal Finance Rumors Value Investing Economy Energy Government Regulation Healthcare Housing Jobs Special Report Brands and Products Cities Countries States Dogs of the Dow Could Be a Huge Winner Again in 2017 By Lee Jackson January 9, 2017 8:50 am EST Print Email Tweet The higher the market goes, the riskier it is to have assets in the stock market. But the fact of the matter is, with bond yields low and the bond proxy sectors like utilities and real estate investment trusts (REITS) set to underperform, the choices are limited. There is an investment vehicle that may offer investors a way to stay in equities, get paid solid dividends and have the potential for outperforming total return. A new research report from Merrill Lynch’s outstanding technical research analyst Stephen Suttmeier points outs some very interesting performance facts on the 10 highest yielding stocks that make up the Dogs of the Dow. The average yield for this year’s 2017 Dogs of the Dow is 3.56%. That figure is over a half percentage point or 50 basis points higher than the 30-year U.S. Treasury Bond. The Dogs of the Dow beat the S&P 500 soundly in 2016 with a total return of 20.5%, versus the venerable index’s 12%. Total return is the increase in share prices plus the dividend yield added together. All 10 stocks that made up the 2016 Dogs of the Dow had positive returns in 2016. Eight of those stocks in the group also beat the S&P 500. The Dow Jones High Yield Select 10 Total Return Index (MUTR), which is a proxy for the Dog of the Dow, has had an average annual total return of 9.2% going back to 2001. That compares with the S&P 500 total return figure for that same time period of 7.2%. Despite the outstanding returns of the Dogs of the Dow both collectively and individually last year, there are only two changes to the portfolio. A big reason for that of course is that the stocks are the highest yielding in the Dow Jones Industrial Average. We recently did an in-depth look at the stocks that make up this year’s Dogs of the Dow, carefully examining each of the stocks that are in the portfolio. Suttmeier is a technical research analyst at Merrill Lynch, so his work is concentrated on the technicals, which included trading volume, stock movement on a positive and negative basis, and overall chart activity. His work notes that most of the companies in the Dogs of the Dow are anywhere from so-so to very positive. He does point out that both Coca-Cola Co. (NYSE: KO) and Merck & Co. Inc. (NYSE: MRK) are somewhat weaker technically than the other constituents. The good thing for investors, especially those with more conservative accounts, is this portfolio is chock full of large cap companies that have been around for years. The risk factor is far lower, and it is important to remember that these stocks are in the portfolio because they are the highest yielding in the 30 Dow components. Relative to their peers in the index, they should be lower priced. One good way for investors to own the Dogs of the Dow may be the ELEMENTS Dog of the Dow High Yield Select 10 Total Return Exchange Traded Note (NYSE: DOD). This is an ETN option that provides investors a pure play to the 10 highest dividend-yielding securities in Dow Jones Industrial Average in equal proportions, but will not pay the dividends. It closely replicates the Dow Jones High Yield Select 10 Total Return Index and charges 75 basis points, three-quarters of 1%, in annual fees. Buying all 10 stocks at a brokerage firm, even it’s a discount firm, would be very expensive, so this clearly makes the most sense. To own the actual stocks in the Dogs of the Dow, investors should consider a unit trust, which will own the stocks for a calendar year and then reset the portfolio every year as changes are made. Investors are charged once a year. Top companies like Invesco and First Trust offer these every year, and they can be purchased through full service or discount brokers. While there is no guarantee the Dogs of the Dow will outperform again, it is a great way for investors to own top high-quality stocks, receive dividends and have less volatility than other investment avenues. I'm interested in the Newsletter Get Newsletter terms and conditions   By Lee Jackson « Top Analyst Upgrades and Downgrades: Amex, Coca-Cola, NVIDIA, Procter & Gamble, Texas Instruments, Transocean and More Crude Oil Price Slides on Iran Sales, Rising US Rig Count » Read more: Investing, featured, Value Investing, Coca-Cola (NYSE:KO), Merck & Co., Inc. (NYSE:MRK) Free Daily Newsletter Subscribe Terms & Conditions Sponsors Popular The Largest Private Company in Every State Cities Where You Don't Want to Get Sick The Worst Companies to Work For The Largest Employer in Every State Best (and Worst) Paying Cities for Women Recent 5 Must-See Earnings Coming This Week Top 5 Dow Stocks Reporting Earnings This Week Huge Michael Dell Purchase Highlights Insider Buying: Dell Technologies, Accelerate Diagnostics, Loxo Oncology and More 10 Worst States to Grow Old Get Quote for: Symbol Lookup Search How a Roth IRA Can Help You Make the Most of Social Security 1 Company Pioneering the AI Revolution Simple Ways to Maximize Your Social Security Benefits Macy's fires chief growth officer Peter Sachse Nasdaq Composite Index closes up 26.63 points, or 0.5%, at 5,574.12 S&P 500 closes up 4.12 points, or 0.2%, at 2,274.59 Caterpillar (CAT) or Deere (DE): Which Is the Better Stock? Unum Group (UNM) Strengthens Portfolio with New Coverage Union Pacific (UNP) Q4 Earnings: What Awaits the Stock? Sterling skids on Brexit anxiety; investors hope for Trump clarity Trump threatens BMW with border tax on cars built in Mexico Samsung Electronics probe finds battery was main cause of Note 7 fires: source 1 Company Pioneering the AI Revolution Simple Ways to Maximize Your Social Security Benefits Detroit Auto Show: Will Volkswagen Build This Electric Microbus? These 8 Men Have As Much Money As Half The World Trump Threatens BMW With Border Tax On Cars Built In Mexico Democrats Lead Nationwide Day Of Rallies In Defense Of Obamacare Home About Us Disclaimer and Terms of Use Privacy Policy Contact Us Advertise AOL-HuffPost Money & Finance ©2017 24/7 Wall St. | Powered by WordPress.com VIP
Search Home Politics Business Akosua Cartoons Columnist Entertainment Editorial Health Sports What's New General News Nana Consoles Alan Columnist New Year Honours List (2) General News Mahama Packs Out To Airport Residential Area General News We Shall Overcome – Nana Declares General News Economy In Difficulty – Says Nana Health Ebola Vaccine Trial Sucecssful January 11, 2017 Volunteers for the Ebola trial A major trial on an Ebola vaccine has proven to be highly protective against the deadly virus, according to results published in the medical journal, The Lancet. The experiment which was conducted in Guinea indicates that the vaccine – rVSV-ZEBOV – is the first to prevent infection from one of the most lethal known pathogens. The vaccine was studied in a trial involving 1, 1841 people in Guinea during 2015. Among the 5,837 people who received the vaccine, no Ebola cases were recorded 10 days or more after vaccination. In comparison, there were 23 cases 10 days or more after vaccination among those who did not receive the vaccine. The trial was led by WHO, together with Guinea’s Ministry of Health, Medecins Sans Frontières and the Norwegian Institute of Public Health, in collaboration with other international partners. “While these compelling results come too late for those who lost their lives during West Africa’s Ebola epidemic, they show that when the next Ebola outbreak hits, we will not be defenceless,” Dr Marie-Paule Kieny, WHO’s Assistant Director-General for Health Systems & Innovation and the study’s lead author, said. The vaccine’s manufacturer, Merck, Sharpe & Dohme, this year received Breakthrough Therapy Designation from the United States Food and Drug Administration and PRIME status from the European Medicines Agency, enabling faster regulatory review of the vaccine once it is submitted. Since Ebola virus was first identified in 1976, sporadic outbreaks have been reported in Africa. But, the 2013–2016 West African Ebola outbreak which resulted in more than 11, 300 deaths highlighted the need for a vaccine. The trial took place in the coastal region of Basse-Guinée, the area of Guinea still experiencing new Ebola cases when the trial started in 2015. The trial used an innovative design, a so-called ‘ring vaccination’ approach – the same method used to eradicate small pox. In addition to showing high efficacy among those vaccinated, the trial also shows that unvaccinated people in the rings were indirectly protected from Ebola virus through the ring vaccination approach (so called ‘herd immunity’). “Ebola left a devastating legacy in our country. We are proud that we have been able to contribute to developing a vaccine that will prevent other nations from enduring what we endured,” Dr Keïta Sakoba, Coordinator of the Ebola Response and Director of the National Agency for Health Security in Guinea, said.  BY Jamila Akweley Okertchiri   Tags: health Share this article: Previous Post Meet Ete Dakitse… The ‘True Love’ Singer Next Post No NDC Kind Of Lawlessness - Trust H.E. President Nana Akufo-Addo Recent Posts Nana Consoles Alan January 14, 2017 New Year Honours List (2) January 14, 2017 Mahama Packs Out To Airport Residential Area January 14, 2017 We Shall Overcome – Nana Declares January 14, 2017 Economy In Difficulty – Says Nana January 14, 2017 @DailyGuideAFTweets Location : 2nd turn left, opposite Nima Police Station, turn right to Stephen Amartey Close, Nima Residential Phone : (+233) 302 229 576 | (+233) 302 232 760 | (+233) 302 231 459 © 2016 Daily Guide Africa. All right Reserved | Powered by Tuttifrutti.
Toggle navigation Toggle navigation Home Samachar News Finance SPORTS Movies Bawarchi Astrology Videos Gold rates DUBAI GOLD RATES RUPEE Jobs Health Antzill Techtalk Web Sify Search Sify.com Finance Equity US STOCKS-Futures flat ahead of Trump news conference US STOCKS-Futures flat ahead of Trump news conference Source : Last Updated: Wed, Jan 11, 2017 18:00 hrs Tweet Mail Print * Futures up: Dow 13 pts, S&P 0.5 pts, Nasdaq 4.5 pts By Yashaswini Swamynathan Jan 11 (Reuters) - U.S. stock index futures were little changed on Wednesday ahead of President-elect Donald Trump's first formal news conference where he is expected to give more insight into his plans to boost economic growth. * Trump, who takes office on Jan. 20, is scheduled to speak in New York at 11:00 a.m. ET (1600 GMT). * Trump's election in November sparked a record-setting rally, but investors now want evidence on whether he keeps his campaign-trail promises to stimulate the economy through increased public spending, tax cuts and the repatriation of U.S. companies' funds from overseas. * The dollar, which has also basked in Trump's victory, was up against the yen. However, concerns of some of his protectionist statements have kept investors wary. * Keeping futures afloat were oil prices, which edged up for the first time in three days after Saudi Arabia provided details of a February supply cut to some of its Asian customers. * Investors are also closely watching the upcoming corporate earnings season, which kicks off with big banks on Friday, to see if financial results can support the lofty valuations Wall Street is trading at. * The combined profit of S&P 500 companies is estimated to have risen 5.8 percent in the fourth quarter - the best in three years - largely helped by financials stocks, according to Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S. * New York Federal Reserve President William Dudley is expected to speak on banking regulations at 01:20 p.m. ET. * Among stocks, Merck rose 1.85 percent to $61.03 premarket after the FDA agreed to a speedy review of the company's application to combine immunotherapy with other drugs to treat lung cancer. * AstraZeneca and Bristol-Myers, which are also developing similar therapies, were down 1.5 percent and 3.3 percent, respectively. * Archer Daniels fell 5.6 percent to $41.96 after China increased punitive tariffs on U.S. imports of an animal feed which would affect the global ethanol trader. Futures snapshot at 6:53 a.m. ET: * Dow e-minis were up 13 points, or 0.07 percent, with 17,569 contracts changing hands. * S&P 500 e-minis were up 0.5 points, or 0.02 percent, with 91,723 contracts traded. * Nasdaq 100 e-minis were up 4.5 points, or 0.09 percent, on volume of 15,161 contracts. (Reporting by Yashaswini Swamynathan in Bengaluru; Editing by Savio D'Souza) SEARCH More from Sify: gold rate silver rate   Cities   Price (10g)   Gold Rate in Chennai   Rs. 26820.00 (0%)   Gold Rate in Mumbai   Rs. 27170.00 (0.93%)   Gold Rate in Delhi   Rs. 26900.00 (0%)   Gold Rate in Kolkata   Rs. 26290.00 (0%)   Gold Rate in Kerala   Rs. 25850.00 (0%)   Gold Rate in Bangalore   Rs. 26250.00 (0.57%)   Gold Rate in Hyderabad   Rs. 26920.00 (0.37%) more   Cities   Price (1 kg)   Silver Rate in Chennai   Rs. 39345.00 (-0.01%)   Silver Rate in Mumbai   Rs. 39345.00 (-0.01%)   Silver Rate in Delhi   Rs. 39345.00 (-0.01%)   Silver Rate in Kolkata   Rs. 39345.00 (-0.01%)   Silver Rate in Kerala   Rs. 39345.00 (-0.01%) more talking point on sify finance About Us Data Center Cloud Computing Servers Cloud Applications Hosting MPLS VPN Network Services Disclaimer Privacy Policy Careers Feedback Advertise Digital © Copyright Sify Technologies Ltd, 1998-2016. All rights reserved
X Edition: United States Business Business Home Legal Deals Aerospace & Defense Finance Autos Reuters Summits ADventures Data Dive Markets Markets Home U.S. Markets European Markets Asian Markets Global Market Data Indices Stocks Bonds Currencies Commodities Futures Funds Earnings Dividends World World Home U.S. Special Reports Reuters Investigates Euro Zone Middle East China Japan Mexico Brazil Africa Russia India Politics Politics Home Election 2016 Polling Explorer Just In: Election 2016 What Voters Want Supreme Court Tech Technology Home Science Top 100 Global Innovators Environment Innovation Commentary Commentary Home Podcasts Breakingviews Breakingviews Home Breakingviews Video Money Money Home Retirement Lipper Awards Analyst Research Stock Screener Fund Screener Life Health Sports Arts Entertainment Oddly Enough Pictures Pictures Home The Wider Image Photographers Focus 360 Video Wall Street ends choppy session higher, health lags on Trump comments Africa América Latina عربي Argentina Brasil Canada 中国 Deutschland España France India Italia 日本 México РОССИЯ United Kingdom United States Business News | Wed Jan 11, 2017 | 5:52pm EST Wall Street ends choppy session higher, health lags on Trump comments By Sinead Carew | NEW YORK NEW YORK U.S. stocks ended higher after a choppy day on Wednesday as energy and technology gains countered a drop in healthcare stocks after President-elect Donald Trump said pharmaceutical companies were "getting away with murder" by charging high prices. The Nasdaq ended the day with another record closing high after falling as much as 0.5 percent after Trump's first formal news conference since the Nov. 8 election. The S&P 500 healthcare index .SPXHC ended the session down 1 percent after falling as much as 1.9 percent earlier in the day and the Nasdaq biotechnology index .NBI sank 2.96 percent, ending a six-day winning streak for both indexes. "When somebody that high profile says something that negative, people do not want to invest in it. They view the sector as uninvestible, and withdraw their money," Brad Loncar, manager of the Loncar Cancer Immunotherapy ETF (CNCR.O). However, the sector's pain eased as the session wore on as money managers noted that Trump gave no new specific details on his healthcare proposals, according to Michael Scanlon, portfolio manager at Manulife Asset Management in Boston. He cited the beginning of fourth-quarter earnings season on Friday and Trump's inauguration as President on Jan. 20 as reasons for investor caution. "Portfolio managers have every reason in the world to sit on their hands," said Scanlon. "You put those two factors together and I don't think you're going to see much movement in the market until maybe we get some fireworks on Friday with earnings." The Dow Jones Industrial Average .DJI closed up 98.75 points, or 0.5 percent, to 19,954.28, the S&P 500 .SPX gained 6.42 points, or 0.28 percent, to 2,275.32 and the Nasdaq Composite .IXIC added 11.83 points, or 0.21 percent, to 5,563.65.Eight of the 11 major S&P sectors ended the day higher. Energy stocks .SPNY, ended 1.2 percent higher as crude oil CLc1 LCOc1 prices rose. The S&P's technology index .SPLRCT ended up 0.7 percent, boosted most by Microsoft Corp (MSFT.O), Facebook Inc (FB.O) and Apple Inc (AAPL.O). The biggest drag on the S&P's healthcare sector was Bristol-Meyers Squibb's (BMY.N) with a 5.3 percent decline, after news that Merck & Co. leapfrogged its rivals in the race to combine immunotherapy with other drugs as a treatment for lung cancer. The next-biggest weights on the sector included Johnson & Johnson (JNJ.N), with a 1.2 percent drop and Abbvie (ABBV.N) with a 3.6 percent decline. Advancing issues outnumbered declining ones on the NYSE by a 2.20-to-1 ratio; on Nasdaq, a 1.22-to-1 ratio favored advancers. The S&P 500 posted 20 new 52-week highs and two new lows; the Nasdaq Composite recorded 99 new highs and 18 new lows. About 7.2 billion shares changed hands on U.S. exchanges on Wednesday compared with the 6.57 billion average for the last 20 sessions. (Additional reporting by Chuck Mikolajczak in New York and Yashaswini Swamynathan, Natalie Grover and Tanya Agrawal in Bengaluru; Editing by Savio D'Souza and James Dalgleish) Traders work on the floor of the New York Stock Exchange (NYSE) shortly after the opening bell in New York, U.S., January 9, 2017. REUTERS/Lucas Jackson - RTX2Y5P9 Next In Business News Sterling skids on Brexit anxiety; investors hope for Trump clarity SYDNEY Sterling slid to three-month lows in Asia on Monday with investors again spooked by concerns over Britain's exit from the European Union, while U.S. policy uncertainty lingered ahead of President-elect Donald Trump's inauguration. Trump threatens BMW with border tax on cars built in Mexico BERLIN President-elect Donald Trump has warned the United States will impose a border tax of 35 percent on cars that German carmaker BMW plans to build at a new plant in Mexico and export to the U.S. market. Samsung Electronics probe finds battery was main cause of Note 7 fires: source SEOUL Samsung Electronics Co Ltd's investigation into what caused some Galaxy Note 7s to catch fire has concluded that the battery was the main reason, a person familiar with the matter told Reuters on Monday. MORE FROM REUTERS Sponsored Content From Around the Web Promoted by Taboola Trending Stories Photos of the week Photos of the week Sponsored Topics X Follow Reuters: Follow Us On Twitter Follow Us On Facebook Follow Us On RSS Follow Us On Instagram Follow Us On YouTube Follow Us On LinkedIn Subscribe: Feeds | Newsletters | Podcasts | Apps Reuters News Agency | Brand Attribution Guidelines Reuters is the news and media division of Thomson Reuters. Thomson Reuters is the world's largest international multimedia news agency, providing investing news, world news, business news, technology news, headline news, small business news, news alerts, personal finance, stock market, and mutual funds information available on Reuters.com, video, mobile, and interactive television platforms. Learn more about Thomson Reuters products: Eikon Information, analytics and exclusive news on financial markets - delivered in an intuitive desktop and mobile interface Elektron Everything you need to empower your workflow and enhance your enterprise data management World-Check Screen for heightened risk individual and entities globally to help uncover hidden risks in business relationships and human networks Westlaw Build the strongest argument relying on authoritative content, attorney-editor expertise, and industry defining technology ONESOURCE The most comprehensive solution to manage all your complex and ever-expanding tax and compliance needs CHECKPOINT The industry leader for online information for tax, accounting and finance professionals All quotes delayed a minimum of 15 minutes. See here for a complete list of exchanges and delays. Site Feedback Corrections Advertising Guidelines AdChoices Terms of Use Privacy Policy
Home Mail Flickr Tumblr News Sports Finance Celebrity Answers Groups Mobile More Yahoo Search Search Skip to Navigation Skip to Main Content Skip to Related Content 0 Mail News Home Follow Us US World Politics Tech Science Odd News ABC News Yahoo Originals Katie Couric Matt Bai Wall Street ends choppy session higher, health lags on Trump comments By Sinead Carew ReutersJanuary 11, 2017 Reblog Share Tweet Pin it Share Traders work on the floor of the New York Stock Exchange (NYSE) shortly after the opening bell in New York, U.S., January 9, 2017. REUTERS/Lucas Jackson - RTX2Y5P9More By Sinead Carew NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. stocks ended higher after a choppy day on Wednesday as energy and technology gains countered a drop in healthcare stocks after President-elect Donald Trump said pharmaceutical companies were "getting away with murder" by charging high prices. The Nasdaq ended the day with another record closing high after falling as much as 0.5 percent after Trump's first formal news conference since the Nov. 8 election. The S&P 500 healthcare index <.SPXHC> ended the session down 1 percent after falling as much as 1.9 percent earlier in the day and the Nasdaq biotechnology index <.NBI> sank 2.96 percent, ending a six-day winning streak for both indexes. "When somebody that high profile says something that negative, people do not want to invest in it. They view the sector as uninvestible, and withdraw their money," Brad Loncar, manager of the Loncar Cancer Immunotherapy ETF <CNCR.O>. However, the sector's pain eased as the session wore on as money managers noted that Trump gave no new specific details on his healthcare proposals, according to Michael Scanlon, portfolio manager at Manulife Asset Management in Boston. He cited the beginning of fourth-quarter earnings season on Friday and Trump's inauguration as President on Jan. 20 as reasons for investor caution. "Portfolio managers have every reason in the world to sit on their hands," said Scanlon. "You put those two factors together and I don't think you're going to see much movement in the market until maybe we get some fireworks on Friday with earnings." The Dow Jones Industrial Average <.DJI> closed up 98.75 points, or 0.5 percent, to 19,954.28, the S&P 500 <.SPX> gained 6.42 points, or 0.28 percent, to 2,275.32 and the Nasdaq Composite <.IXIC> added 11.83 points, or 0.21 percent, to 5,563.65.Eight of the 11 major S&P sectors ended the day higher. Energy stocks <.SPNY>, ended 1.2 percent higher as crude oil <CLc1> <LCOc1> prices rose. The S&P's technology index <.SPLRCT> ended up 0.7 percent, boosted most by Microsoft Corp <MSFT.O>, Facebook Inc <FB.O> and Apple Inc <AAPL.O>. The biggest drag on the S&P's healthcare sector was Bristol-Meyers Squibb's <BMY.N> with a 5.3 percent decline, after news that Merck & Co. leapfrogged its rivals in the race to combine immunotherapy with other drugs as a treatment for lung cancer. The next-biggest weights on the sector included Johnson & Johnson <JNJ.N>, with a 1.2 percent drop and Abbvie <ABBV.N> with a 3.6 percent decline. Advancing issues outnumbered declining ones on the NYSE by a 2.20-to-1 ratio; on Nasdaq, a 1.22-to-1 ratio favored advancers. The S&P 500 posted 20 new 52-week highs and two new lows; the Nasdaq Composite recorded 99 new highs and 18 new lows. About 7.2 billion shares changed hands on U.S. exchanges on Wednesday compared with the 6.57 billion average for the last 20 sessions. (Additional reporting by Chuck Mikolajczak in New York and Yashaswini Swamynathan, Natalie Grover and Tanya Agrawal in Bengaluru; Editing by Savio D'Souza and James Dalgleish) Reblog Share Tweet Pin it Share What to Read Next Aaron Rodgers has more magic, as Packers pull out a dramatic win over Cowboys 394 messages10%72%18% 2017 Honda Accord Central Iowa Honda DealersSponsored Ringling Brothers Barnum and Bailey Circus Call It Quits After Century and a Half of Entertainment Eight men own half the world's wealth: Oxfam 293 messages5%70%25% #2 of 10 Most Popular News Galleries of 2016: 9/11: Then and now - 15 years later 861 messages5%56%39% Marijuana Millionaire #2 MONEY MORNINGSponsored Protesters Take to the Streets Across the Country Woman Abducted as a Baby Tearfully Pleads for Jailed Woman Who Raised Her 1545 messages6%57%37% Obama on Trump: ‘Don’t underestimate the guy, because he’s going to be 45th president of the United States’ 668 messages7%68%25% Why Mechanics Keep Old And Dead Batteries? (watch) EzBatteryReconditioning.comSponsored Seldom-called penalty is very costly for Cowboys in first-quarter drive 205 messages6%72%22% #8 of 10 Most Popular News Galleries of 2016: Deadly attack at Istanbul's Ataturk Airport 884 messages9%12%79% Major Winter Storm on the Move Victoria Olsteen Hit With A New Lawsuit Classyhour.comSponsored Atlanta hits back after Trump’s attack on Lewis 7128 messages5%61%34% ‘Hidden Figures’ Prevails as ‘Monster Trucks,’ Ben Affleck’s ‘Live by Night’ Bomb at Box Office 1465 messages5%69%26% Outgoing CIA chief rips into Trump on Russia threat Impeach Pelosi, Jail Waters: Lewis has allot of gall. What he is saying is the only people that voted for Trump did so because the release of emails from the DNC, meaning our votes are illegitimate. What an insulting statement made by a real first class dullard. Mr. Lewis may have been the big man on campus in 1963 but what has he done for civilization lately, other than flap his jaw and put on a ridiculous show on the house floor? He's a perfect example as to why we need term limits. This guys approach to race relations is doing the country more harm than good. His brain seems to be stuck in the 1960's when he was still relevant. Join the Conversation 1 / 5 4.4k Help Privacy Suggestions About our Ads Terms
  Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Wires Home My Profile Logout Login Feedback DailyMail NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad US STOCKS-Futures flat ahead of Trump news conference By Reuters Published: 07:23 EST, 11 January 2017 | Updated: 07:23 EST, 11 January 2017 e-mail By Yashaswini Swamynathan Jan 11 (Reuters) - U.S. stock index futures were little changed on Wednesday ahead of President-elect Donald Trump's first formal news conference where he is expected to give more insight into his plans to boost economic growth. * Trump, who takes office on Jan. 20, is scheduled to speak in New York at 11:00 a.m. ET (1600 GMT). * Trump's election in November sparked a record-setting rally, but investors now want evidence on whether he keeps his campaign-trail promises to stimulate the economy through increased public spending, tax cuts and the repatriation of U.S. companies' funds from overseas. * The dollar, which has also basked in Trump's victory, was up against the yen. However, concerns of some of his protectionist statements have kept investors wary. * Keeping futures afloat were oil prices, which edged up for the first time in three days after Saudi Arabia provided details of a February supply cut to some of its Asian customers. * Investors are also closely watching the upcoming corporate earnings season, which kicks off with big banks on Friday, to see if financial results can support the lofty valuations Wall Street is trading at. * The combined profit of S&P 500 companies is estimated to have risen 5.8 percent in the fourth quarter - the best in three years - largely helped by financials stocks, according to Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S. * New York Federal Reserve President William Dudley is expected to speak on banking regulations at 01:20 p.m. ET. * Among stocks, Merck rose 1.85 percent to $61.03 premarket after the FDA agreed to a speedy review of the company's application to combine immunotherapy with other drugs to treat lung cancer. * AstraZeneca and Bristol-Myers, which are also developing similar therapies, were down 1.5 percent and 3.3 percent, respectively. * Archer Daniels fell 5.6 percent to $41.96 after China increased punitive tariffs on U.S. imports of an animal feed which would affect the global ethanol trader. Futures snapshot at 6:53 a.m. ET: * Dow e-minis were up 13 points, or 0.07 percent, with 17,569 contracts changing hands. * S&P 500 e-minis were up 0.5 points, or 0.02 percent, with 91,723 contracts traded. * Nasdaq 100 e-minis were up 4.5 points, or 0.09 percent, on volume of 15,161 contracts. (Reporting by Yashaswini Swamynathan in Bengaluru; Editing by Savio D'Souza) Share or comment on this article e-mail Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article. Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail     DON'T MISS 'It's a huge shock': Binky Felstead reveals she is expecting her first baby with on/off co-star Josh Patterson... but they're 'still not officially together' PICTURE EXCLUSIVE Kourtney Kardashian, 37, wears a sheer bra for late-night rendezvous with former flame Justin Bieber, 22 'I was on the verge of a breakdown' : Olly Murs' mother reveals her heartache that son Ben has disowned the family over X Factor row Katy Perry debuts dramatic blonde dye-job as she surprise Orlando Bloom with a secret 40th birthday bash in Palm Springs Scarlet siren! Myleene Klass flaunts her enviably toned figure in skimpy red bikini as she goes body-boarding during exotic family getaway in Sri Lanka 'He's so proud of her': Danniella Westbrook set to appear on Loose Women with son Kai as she continues comeback following cocaine relapse Lewis Hamilton turns heads in bright yellow hoodie while arriving at LAX... as 'Valtteri Bottas' switch from Williams to Mercedes is set to be clarified' Paris Hilton flaunts her slender waist and endless legs in gold-embroidered LBD as she attends Milan Men's Fashion Week  'Show us the chopper!': Chloe Ferry demands Jamie O'Hara flashes his manhood... as Kim Woodburn and James Cosmo blast her 'gross' behaviour 'I'm gutted with myself!': CBB's James Jordan apologises to Jamie O'Hara after 'mugging him off' by calling him a 'washed-up footballer' Blac Chyna only has eyes for Rob Kardashian as the couple pack on the PDA for a flight to NYC The pair looked besotted at JFK airport Sunday 'We didn't go out of our way to keep it secret': Katherine Kelly reveals she has given birth to a second child called Rose after keeping pregnancy under wraps Baby and me! Olivia Wilde snuggles her newborn protectively as she enjoys a brisk walk in frosty Brooklyn Daisy in tow for the Sunday stroll Elizabeth Hurley, 51, looks incredibly youthful in blue midi dress with cross-shoulder detail as she attends Milan Men's Fashion Week Have Ellen DeGeneres and wife Portia de Rossi found an Australian home? Talk show host and actress request an inspection of $5.8 million Victoria mansion  'I can't work out whether it's amazing, genius or the worst episode I've seen!': Sherlock fans go wild over 'gory' series finale  New John le Carre spy drama for TV: BBC to follow up success of The Night Manager with adaptation of The Spy Who Came In From The Cold  'I have literally nothing to hide': Fitspo star Kayla Itsines opens up about the benefits of her drink and drug-free lifestyle as she poses for stunning shoot in Vogue Australia Josie Gibson winces as she suffers a nasty fall during training for The Jump in Austria... as Eddie 'The Eagle' Edwards is 'AXED from disaster-prone show for voicing safety concerns 'I still have a hangover!' Rebecca Judd complains about her 'rough day' after partying at the Portsea Polo as she laments about returning to work  'You're a fat slob!': CBB's Kim Woodburn and James Jordan become embroiled in a furious row with the cleaner claiming 'no one can stomach him'  Married at last? Sonia Kruger, 51 sparks speculation she has wed long-term partner Craig McPherson after stepping out while sporting a ring on THAT finger Wet 'n' wild! Alessandra Ambrosio displays her flawless physique in very tiny black bikini as she enjoys a dip in the sea in Brazil PICTURE EXCLUSIVE Kristin Cavallari relaxes in a bikini as she hires a yacht to celebrate Jay Cutler's 30th With their three young children Getting pizza all over her frock, 'shooing away' a cocktail waitress and interrupting interviews: Nicole Kidman's 'bizarre behaviour' at the Golden Globes revealed One piece wonder! Kelly Bensimon, 49, flaunts her figure in sexy black one piece with hip side cutouts Proved you don't need a bikini to look sexy Tamara Ecclestone shares cute pictures of her daughter Sophia, 2, showing off her skiing skills before enjoying a pony ride in Gstaad Enjoying Switzerland Making a stellar appearance! Nicole Richie snuggles up in star-spangled unicorn onesie at pyjama party Held hands with rocker husband, Joel Madden Dressed down Kylie Jenner giggles as she enjoys a night out at a burger joint with boyfriend Tyga She's notan expensive date. A royal faux pas? The Crown's Matt Smith spotted smoking 'suspicious looking cigarette' outside a London pub while on a night out with pals  Moving Swift-ly on? Giggling Tom Hiddleston is spotted bidding farewell to a mystery brunette during evening stroll back in London 'Mariah's filled with regret over James': Carey has 'reached out' to ex-fiance Packer to help her brand recover after New Year's Eve lip-syncing saga Church time! Gwen Stefani is a model mum in plaid as she attends worship services with her three sons Headed to church in Los Angeles on Sunday 'She's finally happy again': Cassandra Thorburn is willing to forgive ex-husband Karl Stefanovic and move on following their high profile split Hidden Figures counts up $20.5 million as it holds on to top spot at the box office for a second weekend About mathematicians who helped NASA put John Glenn into space  The reality of Instagram! Pia Muehlenbeck's hilarious before and after shots reveal what REALLY happens when models try to take the perfect beach shot 'Pajama jammy jam!' Kourtney Kardashian cuddles up to Kim's bestie Chrissy Teigen at Cash Warren's star-studded PJ party 'I will be ok!' Priyanka Chopra updates fans after dangerous fall on Quantico set left her with concussion Left hospitalised after a nasty fall  'I left the hospital looking 5 months pregnant': Peta Murgatroyd says 'real life' means female bodies don't just shrink back into shape Former TOWIE star Abi Clarke flaunts her eye-popping assets as she goes braless in extreme plunging playsuit and thigh-highs on night out She's got a lot of cheek! Bikini clad Holly Hagan flaunts her perky derriere in sizzling belfies during romantic breakaway to Thailand 'She's like my wife!' Amanda Peet describes relationship with BFF Sarah Paulson as 'intense and visceral' after THAT Golden Globes red carpet kiss 'I don't want to be at the centre of attention': Amanda Seyfried opens up about her upcoming wedding to Thomas Sadoski as she stuns in Prada on the cover of Vogue Australia Shedding for the wedding? Bonnie Sveen reveals her dramatic slim-down amid rumours her boyfriend Nathan Gooley is ready to pop the question Ariana Grande showcases her slender pins in sexy Instagram to promote her Dangerous Woman Tour Sultry shot of herself donning a black unitard 'Fastest retirement in history': Steven Jacobs returns to Today's weather segment less than two months after departing to live in Vanuatu 'Back in action': Yolanda Hadid shares behind the scenes shot as she joins daughter Gigi on Tommy Hilfiger shoot 'Causing trouble with him': Louise Thompson flaunts her toned body in yet ANOTHER workout video with beau Ryan Libbey... as she claims she's gained weight on holiday 'If I don't get a husband after this...': Jessica Wright embodies Christina Aguilera in raunchy leather chaps on new show Dance Dance Dance Is the sun setting on Sam and Kochie? Sunrise co-host David Koch 'wants Armytage replaced with Edwina Bartholomew' as ratings battle with Today Show's Karl and Lisa heats up Always camera ready! Jennifer Lopez turns shopping trip into a modelling shoot as she poses against a wall   Jennifer Lopez doesn't do casual. 'A bit of graft and willpower': Vicky Pattison shows off her incredibly toned figure in a sexy orange bikini at health retreat in Portugal after vowing to lose 10lbs 2DayFM 'under fire' after it's revealed new 'Sydney' breakfast show will be broadcast from Melbourne after Sam Frost and Rove McManus get dumped Amanda Seyfried shows off her bump in a grey sweater on outing with fiancé Thomas Sadoski Confirmed her first pregnancy in November 'No greater blessing than family!' Ciara's boy supports stepdad Russell Wilson's team... while his birth father Future backs the other side She's back! Kim Kardashian is her old self again as she sits astride a buggy and poses with a falcon on Dubai modelling shoot 'They're speaking all the time': Blake Garvey has been a 'shoulder to cry on' for Sam Frost following Bachelorette's split from Sasha Mielczarek Bikini-clad Billie Lourd holds hands with Taylor Lautner on sunshine break after the death of mother Carrie Fisher Mourning her mother and grandmother They played in Chelsea! Frankie Bridge celebrates her 27th birthday with retired footballer husband Wayne  Tina Fey pays tribute to Carrie Fisher as she appears in hologram form on Saturday Night Live Admitted she was 'nervous' about the gig Three generations of Beckham! David returns to Old Trafford with son Cruz and dad Ted as the trio watch Manchester United take on Liverpool 'Of course it's f*****g good to challenge your audience!' Sherlock creator Mark Gatiss slams fans who find the show confusing... and tells them to 'go read a children's book' 'Pound Shop today Harrods tomorrow!' Katie Price wraps up in a cosy designer ensemble during cut-price weekend shopping trip Looking bootyful! Kim Kardashian shows off her shapely rear in a form fitting white dress She's officially back at work, with a whirlwind tour of Dubai. 'Spray tan lyfe!' Ashley Graham strips down to her bikini as she flaunts her freshly tanned figure The plus-size stunner is a positive body image activist Prince George 'WON'T attend the same school as his father as Kate and William opt for smaller, more discreet pre-prep closer to Kensington Palace'  So good it's criminal! Busty Lauren Goodger flaunts her hourglass curves in saucy selfie... after supporting violent rap song penned by jailbird boyfriend's brother Before she shot to fame: Nicola McLean totes rifle as teen army cadet in newly-unveiled snaps... as pal Maria Fowler insists Tom Williams won't leave her over CBB flirting It's Kueen Kim! Kardashian is treated to a dance display as she gets the royal welcome in Dubai Now she knows how Kate Middleton feels EXCLUSIVE! Jessica Cunningham 'pretended she was sick' in order to ditch an online chat show deal at the last minute to enter the Big Brother house PJ-clad Jessica Alba plays beer pong at husband Cash Warren's birthday bash Also included a clip of designer Rachel Zoe engaging in the  sport Louise Thompson shows off her toned and tanned body in ANOTHER sun-soaked bikini snap on  break with boyfriend Ryan Libbey 'You just don't feel sexy!' The Hills star Audrina Patridge dishes on her love life after birth of baby daughter Kirra Thrill seeker! Ariel Winter squeals with delight as she takes her niece to Disneyland on her sixth birthday She was treating her to a day out Very cheeky! Chloe Madeley flashes her round posterior in racy grey swimsuit as she shares saucy belfie Flaunted her toned physique  Bare-faced beauty! Chloe Moretz keeps it casual in ripped sweatshirt and leggings Actress proved she doesn't need make-up or fancy clothes Getting fruity! Mollie King larks around with a pair of oranges in a skimpy bikini showing off her tanned flat stomach on holiday in Jamaica 'She's evil!': Scotty T slams 'thick' Geordie Shore co-star Chloe Ferry... after she left viewers DISGUSTED with her raunchy CBB antics Beefcake in Milan! Paris Hilton cosies up to muscle-bound models at Plein Sport runway show The reality TV icon later DJed the Sesto Sento Club in Lonato Former Corrie actress Katie Redford lands a new role on Archers after being axed from soap for lying about her age Axed two years ago She's got a lot of cheek! Bikini clad Holly Hagan flaunts her perky derriere and ample assets in sizzling selfie during sun soaked trip to Thailand He doesn't do things by halves! Rocco Ritchie can't contain his laughter as he breaks his skateboard in two while out and about in London MIC's Nicola Hughes puts on a leggy display in a chic olive dress as she enjoys a night out on the town Fun for all the family! Vanessa Paradis and new boyfriend Samuel Benchetrit appear downcast as they take Lily Rose Depp for a day of shopping in Paris Some helping hands! Blac Chyna heads to the mall with TWO nannies to help look after son King Cairo and baby Dream 'You're a very handsome man, aren't you?' CBB's Chloe Ferry flirts up a storm with bemused Calum Best... and offers to flash her VAGINA to everyone Christina Milian flaunts her ample cleavage in a saucy ensemble as she parties with BFF Karrueche Tran Thigh-grazing latex mini skirt 'She is smitten': Amber Heard said to be besotted with billionaire Elon Musk... as she prepares for 'new chapter' following Johnny Depp divorce Booty and the beach! Shirtless Gaz Beadle gets VERY tactile with bikini-clad girlfriend Emma McVey as he cheekily gropes her bum during romantic Emirates break The Apprentice's Frances Bishop displays her endless curves and perky posterior in skimpy bikini during sun soaked break to Dubai  Suki Waterhouse flaunts her tanned and toned physique in a skimpy bikini as she jogs along the beach in Mexico Went for a run along the Mayan Riviera Scarlett Moffatt highlights her dramatically slimmed down frame in a plunging floral minidress after making appearance on Sunday Brunch Plaid to see you! Pregnant Natalie Portman covers her large baby bump in a stylish checked jacket as she goes for leisurely park stroll Actress Emily Watson insists middle-aged sexuality is 'ignored' as she takes on new role as a cheating mother in racy BBC thriller  X Factor winner Matt Terry gets a kiss from a male pal as he enjoys a night out... after revealing Freddy Parker is moving out of their bachelor pad Lindsay Lohan cuts a chic figure in a quirky dog print co-ord as she enjoys a night out with a male friend in Milan   She's currently holidaying in one of the world's most stylish cities It's Compl-Ex! Danielle Bux grabs lunch with former husband-turned pal Gary Lineker in LA as they continue their budding friendship... then joins new man Nate Greenwald for dinner Lily James cuts a concerned figure as she talks anxiously on the phone...after boyfriend Matt Smith is spotted 'smoking suspicious cigarette'  Scarlett Moffatt looks slimmer than ever in all black ensemble as she hits the town with mum Betty... after fans urged 'gaunt' star to stop losing weight Shock for Harry's girl: Meghan Markle's BROTHER is arrested and charged with holding a gun to a woman's head 'in row during late night drinking session at his flat' Prince William will give up his career as a helicopter pilot to become a full-time royal as Queen hands over duties Girls' shopping trip! Katie Holmes takes daughter Suri Cruise to children's clothing store in LA Spotted on Saturday enjoying a bit of weekend quality time Mariah Carey sports plunging LBD as she and toyboy Bryan Tanaka step out in London Displayed her figure in a form-fitting dress  Pretty in pink! Lindsay Lohan steps out in sexy silky ensemble in Milan The 30-year-old former wild-child was spotted looking pretty in pink as she left her hotel in Milan PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Victoria Beckham wraps up in winter white polo neck as she enjoys girly day shopping with daughter Harper Back from the Maldives Sylvester Stallone's daughters Sophia, 20, and Sistine, 18, sizzles in coordinating black ensembles alongside their mother Jennifer at star-studded Dolce & Gabbana party Hunky dory: Hollywood heartthrobs Chris Hemsworth and Matt Damon catch up over dinner in LA with Chris' wife Elsa Pataky Blac Chyna in the red? Star threatened with lawsuit for $3million in 'unpaid fees' as 'longtime managers' claim she 'cut them out' of lucrative deals Gwen Stefani's ex-husband, Daisy Lowe's father, the singer from Bush, and now the coach contestants don't really want...Gavin Rossdale joins The Voice UK, by Jim Shelley Heard what James said? Pierce Brosnan looks stern during press conference... after chatshow host Corden labels him 'rudest' celebrity Sid Owen celebrates his 45th birthday by partying in London with pals including Jade Jones and Leigh Francis  Progress report! Justin Bieber checks in on protégé Madison Beer over dinner at trendy Catch LA BBC brands its OWN show 's**t' in awkward Twitter blunder as they retweet Let It Shine criticism  Danielle Lloyd snuggles up to fiancé Michael O'Neill on night out... as she admits to being a 'crazy b***h' after online trolls began targeting her when ex Jamie O'Hara entered CBB Why I never let Claudia Winkleman look in the mirror as a child: The Strictly host's mother EVE POLLARD says it's the best thing you can do for your daughters  'The day my world became complete': Stephanie Davis posts first adorable snap of baby boy... 'after revealing she'll name  son after stranger who chatted her up' 'Love on the sand': Photoshop enthusiast Natasha Oakley puts on a loved up display with beau Gilles Souteyrand  as she continues to holiday in the Caribbean Pajama party! Chrissy Teigen and John Legend rock ridiculous chicken themed onesies in hilarious snaps Georgia May Foote cosies up to new boyfriend George Alsford in a series of sunny snaps from romantic holiday Lisa Rinna, 53, sizzles in skintight leather trousers alongside her model daughter Delilah, 18, as they dine in LA 'Starting to see the results and it feels so good!' Jennifer Ellison reveals her slimmer physique after losing more than a stone in ONE month Actress Lily Collins: 'My famous surname made me work harder' Drummer's daughter was top of screen legend Warren Beatty's casting list for latest film 'Sometimes I can't breathe': Danielle Lloyd claims she has panic attacks and is 'too frightened' to leave the house due to trolling since ex Jamie O'Hara  appeared on CBB Bottoms up! Kirsten Dunst flaunts her toned pins and perky derriere in skintight denims as she hides her jaw-dropping engagement ring in LA 'When she's had a few drinks, she's crazy': CBB's Jamie O'Hara slams ex-wife Danielle Lloyd as he claims she's 'absolutely crackers' on a night out Eagle-eyed fans point out embarrassing EastEnders gaffe... as Mick Carter celebrates his 40th birthday on the WRONG date Fierce fashion instincts! Mandy Moore rocks chic animal print gown at Elle's Women in Television honors Pink throws daughter Willow Sage celebratory 'big sister party' as she lovingly cradles newborn son Jameson Moon Victoria Beckham 'takes legal action to block Spice Girls reunion'... as Geri Horner announces she's leaving GEM to focus on her family' 'It's nice to feel you've got support!' One Direction's Louis Tomlinson praises former bandmate Zayn Malik as he wins two nominations at 2017 BRIT Awards Spellbinding! Jessica Biel shows off her shapely legs in cut-out skirt as she attends premiere party for Just Add Magic EXCLUSIVE: ITV stalwarts Phillip Schofield and Holly Willoughby can't contain their laughter as they join glamorous Lorraine Kelly in new promo Kim Kardashian's former bodyguard breaks his silence on Paris robbery and says he's 'not avoiding anything' about the heist or WHY he was sacked 'I trained her like an athlete': Khloe Kardashian's trainer spills the secrets behind the star's enviable body - including countless squats, 'sled pushing' and intense boxing Beach bum! Instagram sensation Pia Muehlenbeck flaunts pert posterior and ample assets oceanside 'I wish R.I.P. meant Return If Possible': Celine Dion unveils powerful new a cappella song in tribute to late husband Rene one year after his death 'It's an uphill struggle': Sienna Miller reveals she hasn't filmed a movie for a year claiming there 'aren't many great roles for women' Run Daniel, run! James Bond star Craig makes a dash for it through the busy streets to make it to the New York Theater in time for his performance in Othello Make-up free Kate Hudson bundles up in all black with red cap as she steps out with Kurt Russell in Beverly Hills 'When you have a rare cappuccino': Ronan Keating's pregnant wife Storm sips on coffee as she heads into her third trimester in a matter of weeks 'Thanks Uncle Snoop!' Miley Cyrus poses by a marijuana bar at weed-themed birthday party for boyfriend Liam Hemsworth Lamar Odom says the first he knew of his near fatal drugs overdose was waking up to find Khloé Kardashian at his side in hospital Sneak peak interview 'Bringin' the 80's back!' Lauren Pope flaunts her pert derriere in sizzling neon swimsuit as she enjoys Dubai holiday with new Geordie Shore beau Aaron Chalmers Pregnant Billie Faiers displays her blossoming baby bump in black bikini after jetting to Dubai for her 27th birthday celebration Brad Pitt looks relaxed as he hangs out with Sting and Chris Cornell at star-studded EB disease benefit in Malibu 'Current mood': Naomi Watts shares flashack photo of herself as a bored schoolgirl in Brides of Christ as she complains about being on set past midnight  'You're in the wrong, just shut up!' Kim Woodburn throws EPIC tantrum after Geordie Shore's Chloe Ferry 'soaks' her by jumping into the CBB hot tub Move over sisters! Kendall Jenner steals the Kardashian spotlight with racy HEADLESS bikini selfie that forces followers to check out her body Orange you glad she came! Shailene Woodley sizzles in vibrant statement coat at star-studded Elle's Women in Television bash 'I heard nothing and saw everything!' Twitter goes wild as Roxanne Pallett's actor ex strips off to reveal his rippling muscles after making it through on Let It Shine Love is in the air! Matthew McConaughey looks casually cool in a stylish camel coat as he and wife Camilla Alves jet over to New York City 'She was her enemy': Elizabeth Taylor 'disliked' Sophia Loren as she feared the siren could steal love Richard Burton away, new book claims 'I'm gutted!': Emma Willis reveals disappointment over Austin Armacost's shock eviction from CBB... as show bosses face backlash for his awkward exit GIRL ABOUT TOWN: Is Sheridan Smith pregnant? The 35-year-old actress is seen regularly rubbing her stomach while singing Selena Gomez and The Weeknd's romance didn't break the friend code with Bella Hadid... because 'they're only acquaintances' GIRL ABOUT TOWN: Harry and Meghan are set to slope off for a romantic break... but poor old William may miss his Alpine adventure with Kate  'Grooming day!': Jenna Dewan Tatum shows off flawless make-up free face during futuristic-like skin session From Hollywood to Bollywood! Ruby Rose reveals she has ambitions to cut it in Asian market Classic colors! Reese Witherspoon and Nicole Kidman shine in black and white ensembles at Elle's Women in Television celebration 'HAPPY Z DAY'! Taylor Swift celebrates Zayn Malik's birthday by teasing their Fifty Shades Darker music video Spot the rock! Kate Mara sports a large ring glinting on her left hand as it emerges that she is engaged to Fantastic Four co-star Jamie Bell Another baby on the way! Jeff Goldblum, 64, is expecting second child with wife Emilie Livingston, 33 Announcement on Instagram 'They're giving things another go': Stevi Ritchie and Chloe-Jasmine Whichello 'are back together'... four months after calling off their engagement 'My babies': Blac Chyna cuddles up to her nine-week-old daughter Dream and four-year-old son King Cairo in sweet Instagram video Getting ready for Washington DC! Caitlyn Jenner grabs a coffee as she prepares for her appearance at Donald Trump's inauguration Well-dressed in coral Seeking comfort from her sister! Bella Hadid visits Gigi in snowy New York after her ex The Weeknd is spotted kissing Selena Gomez Knowles... Run The World! Sisters Beyonce and Solange go head-to-head as they compete for Best International Female Solo Artist 2017 BRIT Award Bit awkward? Little Mix's Perrie Edwards and ex-fiance Zayn Malik will battle it out for best British single at the 2017 BRIT Awards  Nominations announced Transgender singer Anohni bags nomination for Best British Female at 2017 BRIT Awards... eleven years after she was up for Best British Male White hot! Hailey Baldwin shows off her taut tummy wearing white mesh in stunning retro swimsuit shots Sultry in series of solo posts on Instagram Sofia Richie flaunts lace bra and washboard abs in coordinated tracksuit as she attends Moschino Milan fashion show with Paris Hilton Back in a skintight minidress! Kim Kardashian is curvy in a cream number as she continues touring Dubai after $1,600 makeup masterclass She's back! Mandy Moore returns as Rapunzel in new Tangled: Before Ever After trailer Back in the gym! Ashley Graham kicks off 2017 with workout clip as she keeps her generous curves in check after a month-long holiday Nicola McLean reveals she no longer wears her wedding ring after hubby Tom Williams cheated... while Danielle Lloyd continues their feud on Twitter Let's get cracking! James Jordan and Jedward cause chaos as they break into the main house and egg the kitchen on Celebrity Big Brother 'I did advise': Brian Blessed warned George Lucas about Jar Jar Binks when filming Phantom Menace... and insists Alec Guinness did not hate Star Wars Riding high in Dubai! Kim Kardashian goes for dune buggy ride then plays with a falcon during busy UAE trip Ditches mini for a black top and maroon slacks Get the kid a psychologist': Jeremy McConnell appears bleary eyed as he parties with pals in Thailand as ex Stephanie Davis gives birth to a son 'Working on the bumper!' Vogue Williams displays her peachy posterior in skimpy bodysuit as she continues to train for The Jump 'This is begging for a pun!' Fans get smutty as Katie Price shares snap of hairless cat Dobbi perching on her behind during EIGHTH bum lift  Let one take a selfie! Prince Andrew and ex-wife Sarah Ferguson send out VERY unusual royal thank you cards to well-wishers over Christmas  GIRL ABOUT TOWN: So Royals do carry cash - and wear on-trend trainers! Stylish Duke of Kent, 81, withdraws wads of £20 notes near his Kensington Palace home  Here we go again! Pregnant Geri Horner 'quits Spice Girls reunion and leaves the group for the second time to focus on her family'  Priorities changed Brooklyn Beckham's former flame Sonia Ben Ammar looks effortlessly stylish as she walks for Dolce & Gabbana alongside Sofia Richie at Milan Men's Fashion Week EXCLUSIVE: MIC's Lucy Watson shows off toned and tanned figure skimpy pink bikini as she hits the beach in Barbados with hunky boyfriend James Dunmore 'You're right it does look like a penis!' Cheeky chap Tom Hardy laughs about his phallic signature as he signs autographs at LAX 'Things have to change': Reese Witherspoon nearly breaks down in tears as she talks importance of representing women on screen 'We're very, very close friends': Nicole Kidman looks lovely in dusty rose dress as she discusses bond with fellow actress Reese Witherspoon Picture purr-fect! Bella Thorne shows off her perfectly toned flat midriff while posing with her cat in makeup-free Snapchat photo New mum Rebekah Vardy leaves hospital alongside her father after welcoming baby boy with England striker Jamie Vardy Picture of health Mad about plaid! Melissa McCarthy, 46, shows off thinner frame in bright pantsuit as she reacts to Gilmore Girls' shocking conclusion Channing Tatum and wife Jenna Dewan coordinate in baseball hats with jeans while running errands with daughter Everly, three The BBC treated Only Fools and Horses stars as 'poor relations', claims Del Boy David Jason as he reveals why he's returned to our screens at 76 Her favorite role! Cate Blanchett gets back to mom duty during break from Broadway's The Present as she's bundled up with her kids in NYC 'He will always be in our hearts': Celine Dion pays tribute to late husband on first anniversary of his death with video full of flashback photos Dakota Fanning returns to TV for upcoming period thriller The Alienist ...15 years after her last regular series role on the small screen 'Be who you are': Paris Hilton flashes side boob in daring dress while sharing inspiring message after being spotted with mystery man in Mexico Head Start to Home Cooked Get Recipes more SHARE PICTURE Copy link to paste in your message Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Network This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Contributors Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
continue to article News All Local News Search Last 36 hours Nation + World Environment Politics Justice Polygamy Health Care Education Weather Utah's Right Elevate Empower Utah Legal Notices Sports Utah Jazz RSL Utah Utes BYU Cougars USU Aggies WSU Wildcats Preps Grizzlies Bees Outdoors Winter Sports College Monson Kragthorpe All-time BYU football stats All-time Utes football stats Blogs The Utah Effect Politics UPIN The Cricket TV Jazz Notes U of U Sports BYU Sports Prep Sports RSL Hiking Outdoors & Travel Sundance More Blogs Opinion Editorials Commentary Letters Bagley Cartoon Gehrke Rolly Cannon Kirby Blog: State of the Debate Submit a Letter Faith Religion news LDS Church Faith Blog Entertainment Calendar Film-Finder Movies Restaurants Lifestyle Arts Food Music TV Sundance Shopping Puzzles & Games Comics Horoscopes Cool Stuff The Legacy of Joe Hill I Love videos Whatever Happened To... Special Reports Videos Photo Galleries Utah Bucket List Mormon Rivals Preparing to play Paul Rolly Roast Money Top Workplaces The Realty Show Home Prices Obituaries Jobs Top Employer Top Educator Top Jobs Employment News Employers Post A Job Contact Us Homes Find a Home Find a Realtor Rentals Cars Find a car Browse Dealers Fuel Stop Top Workplaces Top Workplaces Subscribe    Print New Subscription Register for e-Edition Access your e-Edition Print Registration Print Login    sltrib.com Membership Become a Supporting Member Premium Ad-Free Site Login Account Login Member FAQ Toggle navigation News All Local News Search Last 36 hours Nation + World Environment Politics Justice Polygamy Health Care Education Weather Utah's Right Elevate Empower Utah Legal Notices    SPONSORED BY: Sports Utah Jazz RSL Utah Utes BYU Cougars USU Aggies WSU Wildcats Preps Grizzlies Bees Outdoors Winter Sports College Monson Kragthorpe All-time BYU football stats All-time Utes football stats Blogs The Utah Effect Politics UPIN The Cricket TV Jazz Notes U of U Sports BYU Sports Prep Sports RSL Hiking Outdoors & Travel Sundance More Blogs Opinion Editorials Commentary Letters Bagley Cartoon Gehrke Rolly Cannon Kirby Blog: State of the Debate Submit a Letter Faith Religion news LDS Church Faith Blog Entertainment Sundance Calendar Film-Finder Movies Restaurants Lifestyle Arts Food Music TV Shopping Puzzles & Games Comics Horoscopes    SPONSORED BY: Cool Stuff The Legacy of Joe Hill I Love videos Whatever Happened To... Special Reports Videos Photo Galleries Utah Bucket List Mormon Rivals Preparing to play Paul Rolly Roast Money Top Workplaces The Realty Show Home Prices Obituaries Jobs Top Employer Top Educator Top Jobs Employment News Employers Post A Job Contact Us    SPONSORED BY: Homes Find a Home Find a Realtor Rentals    SPONSORED BY: Cars Find a car Browse Dealers Fuel Stop    SPONSORED BY: Top Workplaces Subscribe    Print New Subscription Register for e-Edition Access your e-Edition Print Registration Print Login    sltrib.com Membership Become a Supporting Member Premium Ad-Free Site Login Account Login Member FAQ Home » News Salt Lake City 30 ° Traffic / Ski Report Stories from last 36 hours WWW.SLTRIB.COM JAN 15, 2017 Become a Member | Ad-Free Login Home » News JAN 15, 2017  |  Salt Lake City 30 °  |  Traffic / Ski Report Stories from last 36 hours Become a Member | Ad-Free Login Home » News Become a Member | Ad-Free Login Biden’s cancer ‘moonshot’ took him to Australia By NATASHA KHAN Bloomberg News First Published Jan 11 2017 01:05AM    •    Last Updated Jan 11 2017 01:05 am Single page Share This Article U.S. Vice President Joe Biden arrived in Melbourne last July with his granddaughters in tow. Bypassing sporting stadiums and race-car tracks, Biden's first official stop in the world's sporting capital was to open a $737 million cancer center. As head of America's cancer "moonshot" initiative, and having lost his son Beau to brain cancer, Biden has spent the last year of his term exploring ways to "end cancer as we know it." That his quest took him 10,000 miles to the Victorian Comprehensive Cancer Centre is an endorsement of Australia's medical-science prowess and a new plan to expand its reach. VIDEOS TOP JOBS Mining has been the growth engine for Australia's economy for years. As demand for the nation's mineral resources declines, Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull is boosting life-science research funds, offering tax breaks and wooing international talent to exploit the scientific capital that's enabled the country to claim more than a dozen Nobel laureates. "We were collecting pieces of intellectual property and just handing it over — 'here you are' — to investors," recalls Amanda Caples of her time working in drug development in Melbourne in the early 2000s. At the time, the life sciences industry was following mining's path of "digging it up and selling it," she said. Now, as lead scientist in Victoria, the state of which Melbourne is the capital, Caples has seen "a shift in aspirations," she said. "We're adding the 'on-shore processing'" by advancing research beyond the discovery stage. Doing so requires funds that often eluded inventors. Cervical cancer vaccines, for example, rely on groundbreaking research on the human papilloma virus from doctors in Brisbane, who collaborated with Melbourne-based CSL Ltd. on early studies. The shots were taken through late-stage clinical tests and commercialized abroad by pharmaceutical giants Merck & Co. and GlaxoSmithKline. Turnbull, a former Goldman Sachs Group executive, aims to avoid missing such money-making opportunities with the launch this month of A$250 million for a Biomedical Translational Fund. The funds were allocated in December to three venture capital firms: Brandon Capital Partners, OneVentures Management and BioScience Managers. The investments will help companies take their promising treatment candidates further along the three-stage clinical trial process instead of being forced to license them at early development stages to companies with more money, said Chris Nave, managing director of Melbourne-based Brandon Capital. Nave's fund received close to half of the government's allocation — A$115 million — which is being matched by its pension fund investors. "For the first time, the Australian biotech industry has access to sufficient amounts of capital to support late stage development," said Nave, a former scientist who switched to helping universities garner funding from external investors. "It's transformative." "There's a real opportunity that the next Genentech or Amgen will be built in Australia," Nave said, referring to the U.S. biotechnology giants. The nation is good at generating science-based intellectual property, for which there are few local competitors at least for now, he said. "We're not all walking down the same corridors, fighting for deals here," he added. The same advantage is felt at the headquarters of CSL, Asia-Pacific's biggest drugmaker by market value, which is located across a park from the cancer center Biden opened in Melbourne's medical precinct. » Next page... Single page   Share This Article JOIN THE DISCUSSION     Post a Comment POPULAR STORIES Kirby: Wait'll you see how much the Mormon church pays me How much do top Mormon leaders make? Leaked pay stubs may surprise you. Nate Carlisle: Why are LDS Church documents being leaked now? Whistleblower cases offer some clues | Eddie Long, megachurch pastor accused of sexual misconduct, dies Meet the Utahns going to Washington to celebrate -- and protest -- Trump's inauguration ELEVATE 3 Unforgettable Date Night Ideas   Ririe-Woodbury to Perform ‘Wiggle-Friendly’ Family Matinée as Part of its Winter Season   Contests and Promotions COMMENTS POST A COMMENT      () News All Local News Search Last 36 hours Nation + World RSS Twitter Environment Politics Justice Polygamy Education Weather Utah's Right Elevate Empower Utah Cool Stuff The Legacy of Joe Hill I Love videos Whatever Happened To... Special Reports Videos Photo Galleries Utah Bucket List Mormon Rivals Preparing to play Sports All Sports Olympics TribPreps Utah Jazz Utah Utes BYU Cougars USU Aggies WSU Wildcats College RSL Grizzlies Bees Winter Sports Outdoors Gordon Monson Kurt Kragthorpe All-time BYU football stats All-time Utes football stats Money All Money Top Workplaces Home Prices Blogs All Blogs Politics The Cricket TV Jazz Notes U of U Sports BYU Sports Prep Sports RSL Hiking Sundance Opinion All Opinion Editorials Commentary Letters Bagley Cartoons Gehrke Rolly Cannon Kirby Submit a Letter Faith All Faith LDS Church Religion news Faith Blog Entertainment All Entertainment Calendar Film-Finder Movies Restaurants Lifestyle Arts Food Music TV Sundance Shopping Puzzles & Games Comics Horoscopes Membership Ad-Free Site Login Become a Member Account Login Member FAQ Obituaries Search Obituaries Place an Obituary Marketplace Search Cars Search Homes Search Jobs Search Marketplace Legal Notices Other Services Advertise With Us Subscribe to the Newspaper Access your e-Edition Frequently Asked Questions Contact a newsroom staff member Access the Trib Archives Privacy Policy Missing your paper? Need to place your paper on vacation hold? For this and any other subscription related needs, click here or call 801.204.6100 Copyright @ 2017, The Salt Lake Tribune

Business Biotech Health care opportunities and perils in Trump presidency, panel says Jane Axlerad, a former FDA official, speaks at the 2017 Biotech Showcase in San Francisco. Bradley J. Fikes / Union-Tribune Jane Axelrad, a former FDA official, speaks at the 2017 Biotech Showcase in San Francisco on Jan. 10, 2017. Jane Axelrad, a former FDA official, speaks at the 2017 Biotech Showcase in San Francisco on Jan. 10, 2017. (Bradley J. Fikes / Union-Tribune) Bradley J. FikesContact Reporter President-elect Donald Trump can make significant improvements in health by planning for emergencies such as Ebola and by following through on a new bipartisan law to improve development of new disease treatments, according to panelists at this week's massive biotech convention in San Francisco. While critical of Trump to varying degrees -- no one who endorsed Trump for the presidency were on the panel — the speakers said Trump has an unusual opportunity to fix important issues that have bedeviled both major parties. The panelists spoke Tuesday at the annual Biotech Showcase conference, one of the events that bring top life science executives and investors to San Francisco every January. Former Senator Norm Coleman moderated the discussion. The new bipartisan law, the 21st Century Cures Act, was passed by Congress and on Dec. 13 signed into law by President Obama. It provides the National Institutes of Health with billions in additional funding to advance President Obama’s Precision Medicine Initiative to more fully develop customized treatments for individuals, and to help Vice President Joe Biden’s cancer moonshot initiative. However, a number of key health care officials are leaving when President Obama’s term ends Jan. 20, said panelist Jane Axelrad, who recently retired from the U.S. Food and Drug Administration. That means there will be a loss of continuity just as the new law is getting under way, said Axelrad, who was the FDA’s regulatory drug policy chief until she left the agency in April 2016. Expect the unexpected with epidemics Plan now for health emergencies such as Ebola, said Julie Geberding, M.D. an executive vice president at the pharmaceutical company Merck. Plan now for health emergencies such as Ebola, said Julie Geberding, M.D. an executive vice president at the pharmaceutical company Merck. See more videos “There’s going to be a need to recruit new staff,” Axelrad said. “I think that’s going to be difficult for the agency, which traditionally has had a very difficult time hiring and retained qualified people. This was one of the issues addressed in (the act), which gave the agency sweeping new hiring and pay authority. “But there’s a question of what that’s going to mean under the new administration. (Trump) has talked about imposing a government-wide hiring freeze. We don’t know whether there will be exceptions.” Trump can best deal with disease outbreaks by selecting an experienced health expert to craft a response plan, said Julie Geberding, M.D. an executive vice president at the pharmaceutical company Merck. Most of the recent secretaries of Health and Human Services have been hit with an unexpected crisis, Gerberding said, ticking off the names and crises. “Tommy Thompson (for George W. Bush) got anthrax, Secretary Sebelius (for President Obama) got a flu pandemic, and Secretary Burwell (also for Obama) got Ebola,” said Gerberding, an infectious disease specialist and former director of the U.S. Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC). “And when you have new administrations, there’s a tendency to … over-promise and take control of situations with people who don’t know what they’re doing,” she added. “It would be naive to think that this president-elect won’t have to deal with some sort of biopreparedness issue,” she said. “Whether it’s intentional or natural doesn’t really matter. The apparatus of government needs to pull into action. It’s complex and requires a fairly sophisticated understanding of how agencies and departments can work together.” Geberding said Trump can use the infrastructure stimulus he has proposed to improve health while helping the economy. “When you’re building roads, build sidewalks and safe crosswalks. Put some of that incredible economic investment that will go into our cities and even some our rural areas into things that build a healthier environment and nudge people into better health.” Such a plan was considered with President Obama’s economic stimulus package, she said, but the idea wasn’t acted on. Caption Study suggests Earth once had many moonlets Their research, published in the journal Nature Geoscience, indicates that the moon was formed during a steady bombardment of Earth by several smaller bodies. (Jan. 10, 2017) Their research, published in the journal Nature Geoscience, indicates that the moon was formed during a steady bombardment of Earth by several smaller bodies. (Jan. 10, 2017) Caption Study suggests Earth once had many moonlets Their research, published in the journal Nature Geoscience, indicates that the moon was formed during a steady bombardment of Earth by several smaller bodies. (Jan. 10, 2017) Their research, published in the journal Nature Geoscience, indicates that the moon was formed during a steady bombardment of Earth by several smaller bodies. (Jan. 10, 2017) Caption What is Ceres? Findings based on data from NASA’s Dawn spacecraft may fill out a portrait of Ceres. (Dec. 20, 2016) Findings based on data from NASA’s Dawn spacecraft may fill out a portrait of Ceres. (Dec. 20, 2016) Caption What is desalination? The process of desalination occurs naturally every day. (Dec. 16, 2016) The process of desalination occurs naturally every day. (Dec. 16, 2016) Caption Flickering lights may illuminate a path to Alzheimer's treatment In a study published Dec. 7 in the journal Nature, neuroscientists discovered that flickering lights at a precise frequency may help to fight off Alzheimer’s. (Dec. 7, 2016) In a study published Dec. 7 in the journal Nature, neuroscientists discovered that flickering lights at a precise frequency may help to fight off Alzheimer’s. (Dec. 7, 2016) Caption Earth’s spin is slowing A report published in Proceedings of the Royal Society A found that a single rotation of Earth on its axis has slowed by 1.8 milliseconds per century. A report published in Proceedings of the Royal Society A found that a single rotation of Earth on its axis has slowed by 1.8 milliseconds per century. bradley.fikes@sduniontribune.com (619) 293-1020 Privacy Policy Copyright © 2017, The San Diego Union-Tribune Donald Trump Barack Obama U.S. Centers for Disease Control and Prevention Ebola Joe Biden Chargers Latest Most Popular Today's Paper Jobs Homes Cars Customer Help 60°
Subscribers Home Were You Seen? Traffic Weather School Closings Events Calendar Calendar: Add Event Obituaries Puzzles Palace Buy Photos & More Help & Contact Us Site Index Subscriber Services Archives (1986-Present) Albany business owner recalls son who died in DWI crash For Capital Region residents, looming ACA action stokes fear Cuomo: 2020 rumors are ‘flattering, even if not true’ Trump unleashes Twitter attack against civil rights legend News Breaking News Local Capitol Confidential State & Capitol U.S. & World Opinion Your Town Obituaries Newsletters School Closings All Stories Crowds brave cold and rain for MLK march Military's shift from oil may face challenge Anti-immigrant rhetoric decried Trump, activist John Lewis spar Sports HS Sports Sidelines Siena UAlbany Hockey MLB NFL NBA Golf Auto Racing Columnists All Stories Ex-pro wrestler Jimmy 'Superfly' Snuka dies at 73 Suns surprise Spurs in Mexico City Lewis stars for Pats Canadiens rally past Rangers in third Business The Buzz Blog Women@Work Technology News Salary Wizard Press Releases Sponsored Content Mortgage Rates Business Directory All Stories Bring resumes out to the fair Takata takes guilty plea, will pay $1B Number Of The Day GOP leaders vague on replacement bill Entertainment Events Calendar Seen Photos Viral Videos Movies & TV Table Hopping Restaurants Local Arts Puzzles Palace Best of 2016 Your Horoscope Comics All Stories Arts briefs 2 members of R&B band Tower of Power hit by train, injured People in the news: Three charged in Paris heist Good things to do for the week ahead Living 518Life Women@Work Table Hopping Celebrations House of the Week Puzzles Palace High School Parenting Health Find a Doctor Savings Source Sponsored Content All Stories Today's Birthdays High & Low Sipping: Wine pick of the week Today's Birthdays Blogs All Blogs Kristi Barlette Capitol Confidential Local Politics Table Hopping Shopportunist Arts Talk Movies The Buzz: Business Hot Topics Parent to Parent Capital Region Gives NYC: 17 Ways to Celebrate the 2017 Lunar New Year Mayor and business officials tout new and improved Sch’dy The best pop-up ad I’ve ever seen For Capital Region residents, looming ACA action stokes fear TU Plus Exclusive Local & State Business & Tech Arts & Lifestyle Sports & Recreation Opinion Women@Work 518Life Restaurant Reviews Best of 2016 tu+ FAQ Subscribe/Activate tu+ Siena basketball focused on Fairfield guards Some Capital Region municipal websites still fail to post Capital Region Trump backers bound for D.C. inaugural Churchill: Got soy or almond milk? This column is for you Jobs Jobs Weekly Job Fair Place an Ad Salary Wizard Careers Blog Business Blog Jobs at the TU Walt Robb, Steve Lobel appearing at BizLab on Nov. 16 GlobalFoundries plans ‘multi-billion’ Fab 8 upgrade Momentive workers mull strike after rejecting ‘final Signs of change in downtown Troy Homes For Sale For Rent Open Houses New Homes Land & Farms Commercial Services Auctions Mortgage Rates Home Style House of the Week Places & Spaces Blog House of the Week: Historic in Saratoga Springs Duo to share unusual story of Albany building's move Jennifer Lopez's Hidden Hills home for sale High & Low Cars Search New Cars Vehicle Reviews Dealer Pre-Owned Cars Classic Cars Blog Private Pre-Owned Cars The Bike Blog Photos: Million-dollar cars for auction Car Show Photos: N.Y. Power Authority Blenheim Gilboa Car Show The Raleigh Classic – Auction Highlights – June 2015 Future Collectibles: 2015 Dodge Charger SRT Hellcat Classifieds Search Classifieds Place Classified Ad Coupons & Deals Legal Notices Business Directory Place a Legal Notice Realtor Ads Shopportunist Blog Auto Dealer Ads How to Advertise Job Listings Birthday freebies: 80-plus things you can get for free on your Disney World on a budget: Tips and tricks to help you save Couponing 101: Tips to help you get started on the path to saving Save on skiing/snowboarding with these tips and discount lift MenuSections http://www.timesunion.com/business/article/Stock-indexes-close-higher-after-wavering-10851862.php Stock indexes close higher after wavering Investors look ahead to 4th-quarter earnings reports later this week Associated Press Published 9:48 pm, Wednesday, January 11, 2017 Energy companies led U.S. stocks modestly higher Wednesday, nudging the Nasdaq composite to its fifth record-high close in a row. Rising crude oil prices gave energy companies a boost, including oil rig operator Transocean, which rose 4 percent. Traders also bid up shares in utilities. Health care stocks fell after President-elect Donald Trump spoke about the need for the government to stem drug costs by creating new bidding procedures. Pharmaceutical company Endo International led the decliners in the Standard & Poor's 500 index, sliding 8.5 percent. The stock market spent much of the day wavering between small gains and losses as investors sized up outlooks from several companies ahead of the latest batch of corporate earnings reports. "The heavy load comes in the coming weeks," said Tim Dreiling, regional investment director for U.S. Bank's Private Client Reserve. "There's a little bit of a wait-and-see on what those earnings numbers look like." The Dow Jones industrial average rose 98.75 points, or 0.5 percent, to 19,954.28. The S&P 500 index added 6.42 points, or 0.3 percent, to 2,275.32. The Nasdaq gained 11.83 points, or 0.2 percent, to 5,563.65. The index has risen every day this year. During a press conference Wednesday morning, Trump said the government has to create new bidding procedures for the pharmaceutical industry "because they're getting away with murder." The remarks sent health care stocks broadly lower, particularly pharmaceutical companies. At one point, drugmakers and one prescription drug distributor accounted for the nine biggest losers in the S&P 500. Endo International posted the biggest loss, tumbling $1.30 to $14.01. Perrigo slid $5.77, or 6.9 percent, to $77.88. Mallinckrodt slumped $3.31, or 6.2 percent, to $50.44. Not all drugmakers had a bad day. Merck rose 2.9 percent on news that the Food and Drug Administration will do a quick review of one of the company's drugs for its potential to treat a type of lung cancer. The stock added $1.71 to $61.63. Big U.S. companies start reporting fourth-quarter earnings this week. On Friday JPMorgan Chase, Wells Fargo and Bank of America release their results. Today's Deals Powered by SHOP NOW Men's 3pc Long-Sleeve Shirt, Tie, Bow Tie Set for $7 + pickup... WalmartPosted 1 day 12 hr ago SHOP NOW Air Hogs Star Wars RC Advanced TIE Fighter for $33 + pickup at... WalmartPosted 1 day 9 hr ago SHOP NOW Corelle Livingware 16-Piece Dinnerware Set for $29 + pickup at... WalmartPosted 1 day 9 hr ago SHOP NOW Custom Canvas Prints at Personalization Mall: 50% off + $5 off... Personalization MallPosted 1 day 9 hr ago Most Popular 1 Albany business owner recalls son who died in DWI crash 2 Police: Alcohol a factor in fatal Albany crash 3 Fired doctor says St. Peter's sabotaged her practice to steal... 4 Firefighters snuff Route 9 blaze 5 Rotterdam man faces multiple drug charges 6 SEEN: Wine & Dine for the Arts Grand Gala Reception 7 Toll Gate in Slingerlands closed as owner recovers from major... View Comments © 2017 Hearst Communications, Inc. Logo Return to Top About Contact Us Our Company Jobs at the TU Advertising Ad Choices Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Your California Privacy Rights Content Blogs Weather School Closings Events Calendar Weddings/Celebrations Births Obituaries Online Store Puzzles Palace Connect Newsletters Facebook Twitter Pinterest Google+ Instagram Subscribe Subscriber Services Home Delivery Become a Carrier iPad app Times Union Plus Copyright and Reprint eEdition Hearst Newspapers © Copyright The Hearst Corporation
Contact Us Journalists Blog Log In Sign Up Send a Release News Solutions Resources Search News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News dansk Deutsch español Français italiano Nederlands norsk português suomeksi svenska Paediatric Vaccine Market: Pneumococcal Indication Segment Anticipated to Be the Most Attractive Segment Through 2026: Global Industry Analysis and Opportunity Assessment, 2016-2026 News provided by Reportlinker Jan 11, 2017, 17:04 ET Share this article NEW YORK, Jan. 11, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- Global Paediatric Vaccine Market: Towards a better and safer tomorrow Paediatric vaccines are administered to a child in its paediatric age which is from 0 – 18 years of age. Vaccines are generally given in order to prevent children from diseases transferred through infections, seasonal variations and even through unhygienic areas. Depending upon disease, the vaccines are administered at regular intervals. WHO has designed a standard immunization program in order to have desired time interval between vaccines doses. Paediatric vaccines considered in the report include pneumococcal vaccine, DTP vaccine, rotavirus vaccine, MMR vaccine, polio vaccine, influenza vaccine, hepatitis B vaccine, Hib vaccine and meningococcal vaccine. Pneumococcal vaccine is administered to prevent the child from infectious diseases such as pneumonia. DTP vaccines is a combination vaccine administered against prevention of three diseases those are diphtheria, tetanus and pertussis. Hib vaccine is also a combination vaccine for hepatitis B and influenza and is widely accepted. The market to expand manifold during the forecast period (2016 - 2026) In terms of revenue, the global paediatric vaccine market is projected to expand at a CAGR of 12.2% during the forecast period and is expected to be valued at US$ 88.14 Bn by the end of 2026. Revamped government policies to benefit the market, though soaring prices of vaccines to play spoilsport The growth of the global paediatric vaccine market is primarily driven by increasing awareness regarding benefits of vaccination in prevention of diseases, rising economic growth, the collaboration of national manufacturers with key players in view to provide high-quality vaccines in at remote areas and initiative by global key players in developing innovative vaccines. In addition favourable reimbursement and increasing government support is expected to fuel the market growth over the forecast period. However, rising cost of vaccines, low accessibility to remote areas and increasing the availability of biosimilars at low rates might hinder the market growth over the forecast period. The Pneumococcal segment to act as a catalyst in the overall market growth Based on indication, the global paediatric vaccine market is segmented into pneumococcal vaccine, DTP vaccine, rotavirus vaccine, MMR vaccine, polio vaccine, influenza vaccine, hepatitis B vaccine, Hib vaccine and meningococcal vaccine. In terms of revenue share, the pneumococcal segment dominated the global paediatric vaccine market in 2015 and is expected to reach the cusp within the forecast period. The Hib segment is expected to witness relatively higher growth rates in terms of value in the global paediatric vaccine market over the forecast period. Recombinant segment to face steep competition from the Conjugate segment within the forecast period Based on technology, the global paediatric vaccine market is segmented into live or attenuated vaccine, inactivated or killed vaccines, conjugate vaccine, toxoid vaccine, subunit vaccine and recombinant vaccine. In terms of revenue share, the conjugate segment dominated the global paediatric vaccine market in 2015 and is expected to maintain the spike throughout the forecast period, registering higher CAGR as compared to the recombinant segment. Monovalent vaccine segment to accumulate maximum market share Based on vaccine type, the global paediatric vaccine market is segmented into monovalent vaccines and multivalent vaccines. Among these, monovalent vaccine segment held maximum market share in 2015 and expected to continue the trend throughout the forecast period. The Institutional Health Centres segment to topple Hospital Pharmacy segment in the forecast period Based on end user, the global paediatric vaccine market is segmented into hospital pharmacies, retail pharmacies and institutional health centres. Currently, institutional health centres segment accounts for relatively higher revenue share, followed by hospital pharmacy end user segment. North America market to lead the pack The global paediatric vaccine market is segmented into seven major regions: North America, Latin America, Western Europe, Eastern Europe, APEJ (Asia Pacific excluding Japan), Japan and the Middle East & Africa (MEA). In terms of value, North America is expected to be the dominant regional market by 2016 end and is expected to expand at a CAGR of 11.0% over the forecast period. APEJ is expected to be the fastest growing market in terms of revenue growth in the global paediatric vaccine market, registering a CAGR of 14.9% over the forecast period. Key stakeholders to create clamour in the market through mergers and revamped investment policies Some key players in the global paediatric vaccine market included in this report are GlaxoSmithKline Plc., Merck & Co., Inc., Pfizer Inc., Sanofi, Panacea Biotec, Zydua Cadila, Emergent BioSolutions Inc., Serum Institute of India Pvt. Ltd., Bharat Biotech and Indian Immunologicals Ltd. Read the full report: http://www.reportlinker.com/p04598103-summary/view-report.html About Reportlinker ReportLinker is an award-winning market research solution. Reportlinker finds and organizes the latest industry data so you get all the market research you need - instantly, in one place. http://www.reportlinker.com __________________________ Contact Clare: clare@reportlinker.com US: (339)-368-6001 Intl: +1 339-368-6001 To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/paediatric-vaccine-market-pneumococcal-indication-segment-anticipated-to-be-the-most-attractive-segment-through-2026-global-industry-analysis-and-opportunity-assessment-2016-2026-300389812.html SOURCE Reportlinker Related Links http://www.reportlinker.com Jan 11, 2017, 17:04 ET Preview: Optic Fiber Communication Networks (OFC) in India--Opportunities for Cable Multiple System Operators (MSOs), Forecast till 2020 Jan 11, 2017, 17:03 ET Preview: BRIC Glaucoma Surgery Devices Market Outlook to 2022 My News Release contains wide tables. View fullscreen. Also from this source Jan 12, 2017, 16:04 ETSimulation and Test Data Management Market: North America Region... Jan 12, 2017, 16:02 ETHealth and Fitness Market Report - Focus on Clubs and Equipment -... Explore More news releases in similar topics Publishing & Information Services Health Care & Hospitals Infection Control Surveys, Polls and Research You just read: Paediatric Vaccine Market: Pneumococcal Indication Segment Anticipated to Be the Most Attractive Segment Through 2026: Global Industry Analysis and Opportunity Assessment, 2016-2026 News provided by Reportlinker Jan 11, 2017, 17:04 ET Share this article Looking to send a news release with PR Newswire? Take advantage of the world's leading distribution platform. Sign up to get started Request more information Have an account? Log In Phone 8AM - 10PM ET +1-888-776-0942 Send a Release Sign Up Blog For Journalists Contact Us Search Searching for your content... Advanced Search Contact 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Chat Online with an Expert Contact Us Solutions Cision Communication Cloud™ For Marketers For Public Relations For IR & Compliance For Agency For Small Business All Products About About PR Newswire About Cision Become a Publishing Partner Become a Channel Partner Careers   Global Sites Asia Brazil Canada Europe Finland France India Israel Mexico Middle East Netherlands Sweden United Kingdom My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Terms of Use Privacy Policy Information Security Policy Statement Site Map RSS Feeds Copyright © 2017 PR Newswire Association LLC. All Rights Reserved. A Cision company. News Solutions Resources News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News dansk Deutsch español Français italiano Nederlands norsk português suomeksi svenska Phone +1-888-776-0942 8AM - 10PM ET Chat Chat Online with an Expert All contact info Send a ReleaseLog In
Latest News Dow 19,886 -5.27 -0.03% Nasdaq 5,574 +26.63 +0.48% S&P 500 2,275 +4.20 +0.18% 8:44 P.M. ET Here's what Trump means for the tech industry 6:54 P.M. ET Ice Storms Cause Hazards in Great Plains States 6:21 P.M. ET These dogs make up to $10K per social media post 6:03 P.M. ET Updated U.K. pound drops ahead of Theresa May’s Brexit speech 5:27 P.M. ET CIA chief John Brennan has a stern warning for Donald Trump 5:10 P.M. ET Updated Don’t buy the spin: Trump’s tycoons really will avoid taxes 5:00 P.M. ET Why Goldman sees only 90 good days for U.S. stocks in 2017 4:57 P.M. ET Nvidia and Audi predict self-driving car by 2020 4:19 P.M. ET Updated Divorce lawyers: 30% more couples terminate their marriage in January 4:19 P.M. ET Updated Most Americans are one medical emergency away from financial disaster 4:19 P.M. ET Updated My ex-husband left me his $150,000 pension — his sister says it was an oversight 2:04 P.M. ET More Democratic lawmakers plan on boycotting Trump’s inauguration 2:03 P.M. ET Davos elite promise global solutions, but they’re part of the problem 2:01 P.M. ET Unrest could grip Germany in 2017 and U.S. investors could suffer fallout 2:00 P.M. ET 4 reforms we must make to our democracy to protect the American economy 1:39 P.M. ET Updated Sanders says ‘it would not be a bad thing’ if FBI boss Comey stepped down 1:37 P.M. ET Updated Ringling Bros. and Barnum & Bailey Circus to shut down after 146 years 1:23 P.M. ET Updated Is Amazon’s new credit card for Prime members worth it? 1:18 P.M. ET Updated Is Chase Sapphire Reserve card still a good value — even with the new terms? 1:18 P.M. ET Updated 1 in 10 Americans say they will die in debt Log In Home News Viewer Video SectorWatch Podcasts First Take Games Portfolio My MarketWatch News Viewer Markets U.S. Europe/Middle East Emerging Markets Asia Canada SectorWatch Columns Market Snapshot Movers & Shakers The Tell Currencies Futures Movers Pre-Market News Tools Earnings Wall Markets Overview IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar Currency Tools Futures Contracts Market Screener Hulbert Interactive Investing Stocks Mutual Funds ETFs Options Bonds Commodities Currencies Futures Hedge Funds/Insider Trades Getting Started MarketWatch Adviser Columns Options Trader Revolution Investing Tools Stock Screener Funds Finder ETF Screener Options Screener IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar More... Trading Deck . Personal Finance 10 Things Big Spender Real Estate Spending & Saving Taxes Columns The Moneyologist Brett Arends Bill Bischoff Amy Hoak Chuck Jaffe Jennifer Openshaw Jennifer Waters Tools Funds Finder Today's Rates Retirement RetireMentors Encore Taxes Retire Here, Not There How-to Guides Social Security Estate Planning Events Columns Robert Powell's Retirement Portfolio Andrea Coombes's Working Retirement Tools Retirement Planner How long will my money last? Economy Federal Reserve Capitol Report Economic Report Columns Darrell Delamaide Irwin Kellner Rex Nutting Tools Economic Calendar Real Estate Location Scouts realtor.com My MarketWatch Watchlist Alerts Games Log In Home Press Release Paediatric Vaccine Market: Pneumococcal Indication Segment Anticipated to Be the Most Attractive Segment Through 2026: Global Industry Analysis and Opportunity Assessment, 2016-2026 By Published: Jan 11, 2017 5:04 p.m. ET Share NEW YORK, Jan. 11, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- Global Paediatric Vaccine Market: Towards a better and safer tomorrow Paediatric vaccines are administered to a child in its paediatric age which is from 0 – 18 years of age. Vaccines are generally given in order to prevent children from diseases transferred through infections, seasonal variations and even through unhygienic areas. Depending upon disease, the vaccines are administered at regular intervals. WHO has designed a standard immunization program in order to have desired time interval between vaccines doses. Paediatric vaccines considered in the report include pneumococcal vaccine, DTP vaccine, rotavirus vaccine, MMR vaccine, polio vaccine, influenza vaccine, hepatitis B vaccine, Hib vaccine and meningococcal vaccine. Pneumococcal vaccine is administered to prevent the child from infectious diseases such as pneumonia. DTP vaccines is a combination vaccine administered against prevention of three diseases those are diphtheria, tetanus and pertussis. Hib vaccine is also a combination vaccine for hepatitis B and influenza and is widely accepted. The market to expand manifold during the forecast period (2016 - 2026) In terms of revenue, the global paediatric vaccine market is projected to expand at a CAGR of 12.2% during the forecast period and is expected to be valued at US$ 88.14 Bn by the end of 2026. Revamped government policies to benefit the market, though soaring prices of vaccines to play spoilsport The growth of the global paediatric vaccine market is primarily driven by increasing awareness regarding benefits of vaccination in prevention of diseases, rising economic growth, the collaboration of national manufacturers with key players in view to provide high-quality vaccines in at remote areas and initiative by global key players in developing innovative vaccines. In addition favourable reimbursement and increasing government support is expected to fuel the market growth over the forecast period. However, rising cost of vaccines, low accessibility to remote areas and increasing the availability of biosimilars at low rates might hinder the market growth over the forecast period. The Pneumococcal segment to act as a catalyst in the overall market growth Based on indication, the global paediatric vaccine market is segmented into pneumococcal vaccine, DTP vaccine, rotavirus vaccine, MMR vaccine, polio vaccine, influenza vaccine, hepatitis B vaccine, Hib vaccine and meningococcal vaccine. In terms of revenue share, the pneumococcal segment dominated the global paediatric vaccine market in 2015 and is expected to reach the cusp within the forecast period. The Hib segment is expected to witness relatively higher growth rates in terms of value in the global paediatric vaccine market over the forecast period. Recombinant segment to face steep competition from the Conjugate segment within the forecast period Based on technology, the global paediatric vaccine market is segmented into live or attenuated vaccine, inactivated or killed vaccines, conjugate vaccine, toxoid vaccine, subunit vaccine and recombinant vaccine. In terms of revenue share, the conjugate segment dominated the global paediatric vaccine market in 2015 and is expected to maintain the spike throughout the forecast period, registering higher CAGR as compared to the recombinant segment. Monovalent vaccine segment to accumulate maximum market share Based on vaccine type, the global paediatric vaccine market is segmented into monovalent vaccines and multivalent vaccines. Among these, monovalent vaccine segment held maximum market share in 2015 and expected to continue the trend throughout the forecast period. The Institutional Health Centres segment to topple Hospital Pharmacy segment in the forecast period Based on end user, the global paediatric vaccine market is segmented into hospital pharmacies, retail pharmacies and institutional health centres. Currently, institutional health centres segment accounts for relatively higher revenue share, followed by hospital pharmacy end user segment. North America market to lead the pack The global paediatric vaccine market is segmented into seven major regions: North America, Latin America, Western Europe, Eastern Europe, APEJ (Asia Pacific excluding Japan), Japan and the Middle East & Africa (MEA). In terms of value, North America is expected to be the dominant regional market by 2016 end and is expected to expand at a CAGR of 11.0% over the forecast period. APEJ is expected to be the fastest growing market in terms of revenue growth in the global paediatric vaccine market, registering a CAGR of 14.9% over the forecast period. Key stakeholders to create clamour in the market through mergers and revamped investment policies Some key players in the global paediatric vaccine market included in this report are GlaxoSmithKline Plc., Merck & Co., Inc., Pfizer Inc., Sanofi, Panacea Biotec, Zydua Cadila, Emergent BioSolutions Inc., Serum Institute of India Pvt. Ltd., Bharat Biotech and Indian Immunologicals Ltd. Read the full report: http://www.reportlinker.com/p04598103-summary/view-report.htmlAbout Reportlinker ReportLinker is an award-winning market research solution. Reportlinker finds and organizes the latest industry data so you get all the market research you need - instantly, in one place.http://www.reportlinker.com__________________________Contact Clare: clare@reportlinker.comUS: (339)-368-6001Intl: +1 339-368-6001 To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/paediatric-vaccine-market-pneumococcal-indication-segment-anticipated-to-be-the-most-attractive-segment-through-2026-global-industry-analysis-and-opportunity-assessment-2016-2026-300389812.html SOURCE Reportlinker Copyright (C) 2017 PR Newswire. All rights reserved Most Popular Why Goldman sees only 90 good days for U.S. stocks in 2017 More Democratic lawmakers plan on boycotting Trump’s inauguration Stocks may need a flawless earnings season to keep Trump rally going CIA chief John Brennan has a stern warning for Donald Trump Tour the house Obama will live in after he moves out of the White House MarketWatch Partner Center Luxury Real Estate Essential apps for your smart home hub View More SectorWatch These dogs make up to $10k per social media post View More Real Estate 2016's most popular homes were led by the biggest fixer-upper of all time View More Barron's Next When leaving a job, take the 401k money and run View More Sponsored Headlines MarketWatch Site Index Topics Help Feedback Newsroom Roster Media Archive Premium Products Mobile Company Company Info Code of Conduct Corrections Advertising Media Kit Advertise Locally Reprints & Licensing Broker Center Your Ad Choices Dow Jones Network WSJ.com Barron's Online BigCharts Virtual Stock Exchange Financial News Online WSJ.com Small Business realtor.com Mansion Global Back to Top Copyright ©2017 MarketWatch, Inc. All rights reserved. By using this site you agree to the Terms of Service, Privacy Policy, and Cookie Policy. Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. Intraday data delayed per exchange requirements. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real time last sale data provided by NASDAQ. More information on NASDAQ traded symbols and their current financial status. Intraday data delayed 15 minutes for Nasdaq, and 20 minutes for other exchanges. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. SEHK intraday data is provided by SIX Financial Information and is at least 60-minutes delayed. All quotes are in local exchange time. Advanced Search Stocks Columns Authors Topics No results found LatestNews
