Next: up in PhillyDeals: NE Philly plant to shut in Oct., idling 143 workers (UPDATE) News Sports Business Health Entertainment Food Opinion Obituaries Search icon | SectionsClose Search Search Search Search icon News Breaking Pennsylvania New Jersey Politics Education Special Reports Sports Eagles Phillies Flyers Sixers Union College High School Entertainment Celebs & Gossip The Arts Things to Do Puzzles Comics Business Cars Jobs Pharma Philly Deals Real Estate Small Business The Street Health Kids' Health Running Nutrition Sports Medicine Food Clean Plates Craig LaBan The Insider Opinion Blogs Columnists Think Tank Lifestyle Home & Design Sex & Dating Style Travel Marketplace Find a Home Job Listings Print Offers Online All Classifieds People Births Celebrations Engagements Obituaries Death Notices Your Day Event Calendar PMN Events Horoscope Lottery Weather Newsletters Advertise Contact Us Permissions Reprints Powered By Inquirer logo Subscribe Daily News logo Subscribe business — PhillyDeals Merck cancels Zontivity, 148 jobs in latest North Wales cuts Updated: August 15, 2016 — 9:06 PM EDT Facebook icon 43Share Twitter icon Tweet Tumblr icon Tumblr Mail icon Email Popular Stories Game officer who shot, killed loose bull: 'I generally don't do this' Nov 22 - 7:32 PM Pete Carroll raves about Wentz Nov 22 - 11:36 AM MEL EVANS / AP File According to a spokesperson, Merck is cutting the workers after making "the business decision to cease promotion of Zontivity (vorapaxar) in the U.S., effective September 2, 2016. by Joseph N. DiStefano, Staff Writer Twitter icon @PhillyJoeD Close icon Mail icon Email Twitter icon @PhillyJoeD     Joseph N. DiStefano Staff Writer Joseph N. DiStefano writes about Philadelphia-area enterprise, and the people and money that make it go.  More by Joseph N. DiStefano High spending, low taxes boosts Pa. bond costs another $50M+ above neighbors' Nov 22 'Aggressive' hiring ahead: Wayne drug tech firm buys West Coast, India offices Nov 21 Smartphone paywars: JPMorgan Chase Pay goes live Nov 21 More from Joseph N. DiStefano Arrow icon Merck, the New Jersey-based drugmaker, says it will end 148 sales and management jobs at its North Wales, Montgomery County plant by Sept. 10 as it stops offering Zontivity, a blood circulation medicine.  See the company's brief state WARN layoff notice here. Merck is cutting the workers, some of whom are based in the field and are not regularly in the office, after making "the business decision to cease promotion of Zontivity (vorapaxar) in the U.S., effective September 2, 2016," spokeswoman Lainie Keller said in an e-mail. Merck isn't saying the stuff doesn't work or isn't safe, Keller added. Earlier this summer, Merck told workers it was shifting around 300 jobs from North Wales and two sites in North Jersey, as it concentrates biomedical jobs in Cambridge, Mass., where that state is giving money to biotech companies in hopes of increasing local employment in the college (MIT, Harvard) and former factory town. Keller said the latest North Wales cuts are "separate and distinct" from the cuts local workers were told about earlier this summer, which target Merck Research Laboratories' pre-clinical and early development area in "emerging external science and technology." While cutting research jobs in Pennsylvania and New Jersey, Merck is "increasing our investment in exploratory biology in areas where biomedical research is converging, specifically in Cambridge, Mass. and the San Francisco Bay area," Keller added. "Unfortunately, those changes will result in workforce reductions at our Kenilworth and Rahway, N.J. sites and our North Wales, Pa. screening facility as we shift resources and personnel." Some Merck staff will be put on the street, while others will get a chance to leave town and move across the country if they want to keep working for Merck.  Merck has previously cut jobs in a series of layoffs in Montgomery County, but the company's public relations office still says it employs around 12,500 in the area, about the same as in previous years. Published: August 15, 2016 — 7:51 PM EDT | Updated: August 15, 2016 — 9:06 PM EDT The Philadelphia Inquirer Continue Reading More in business Business › Judge squelches new OT regs: Now what? Technology › Comcast courts Sling for multicultural content Business › Wolf pledges $300M for port; could mean 2,000 jobs Blatstein lands partner for Atlantic City Mall NY investment firm buys section of Strawbridge building offices Attorneys involved offer insights into $265M Amtrak derailment settlement North American Title moving from office in Cherry Hill to Mt. Laurel High spending, low taxes boosts Pa. bond costs another $50M+ above neighbors' Taxpayers pay more while politicians dicker Sunoco Logistics to merge with parent company PUC's Powelson takes helm of national utility regulatory group Comcast ups BuzzFeed stake to $400M Philly.com logo is powered by Inquirer logo Digital Edition Subscribe Subscriber Services Daily News logo Digital Edition Subscribe Subscriber Services Twitter icon @phillydotcom Facebook icon /phillydotcom News & Info News Sports Entertainment Business Health Food Lifestyle Opinion Event Calendar Archives Marketplace Deals Find a Home Job Listings Print Offers All Classifieds About us About Philly.com Advertise Contact Us Licensing & Permissions Photo Reprints Newspapers In Education Career Opportunities Internships   Mobile Apps Email Notifications Morning headlines Eagles This Week Things To Do Dining In and Out Sports Business Health Lifestyle PMN Events Show all ▾ Show some ▾ © Copyright 2016 Philadelphia Media Network (Digital), LLC Terms of Use & Privacy Policy
null
null
Menu Stocks Stocks to Buy Stocks to Sell Dividend Stocks Penny Stocks Hot Stocks Stock Market Today Funds Mutual Funds ETF Investing 401k & Investing Tips Retirement Financial Advisor Center Trading Trading Advice Trade of the Day Trading Report How to Trade Options Market Insight IPO Playbook Gadgets, Smartphones & Tech Weird Street InvestorPolitics Financial Advisors Premium Services Stocks to Buy Stocks to Sell Dividend Stocks Penny Stocks Hot Stocks Stock Market Today Hot Topics TSLA AAPL Best Stocks for 2016 Trade of the Day Dependable Dividends Best ETFs More Home > Stock Picks > Stocks to Buy > 6 Pharmaceuticals Stocks to Buy Now 6 Pharmaceuticals Stocks to Buy Now By Portfolio Grader  |  Aug 12, 2016, 10:00 am EST     Popular Posts: 22 Metals & Mining Stocks to Buy Now 17 Pharmaceuticals Stocks to Sell Now Hottest Transportation Stocks Now – ESEA DCIX MRTN TRCO Recent Posts: Biggest Movers in Services Stocks Now – VEEV ARA SYNT R Hottest Financial Stocks Now – UBCP SASR YIN MSL Biggest Movers in Manufacturing Stocks Now – DE ELON CNHI HCHC View All Posts The grades of 6 Pharmaceuticals stocks are on the rise this week on Portfolio Grader. Each of these stocks is rated an “A” (“strong buy”) or “B” overall (“buy”). ANI Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (ANIP) boosts its rating from a D to a B this week. ANI Pharmaceuticals, Inc. develops, manufactures, and markets prescription and over-the-counter pharmaceuticals. The company also gets A’s in earnings revisions and earnings surprise. For more information, get Portfolio Grader’s complete analysis of ANIP stock. The rating of Merck & Co., Inc. (MRK) moves up this week, rising from a C to a B. Merck & Co., Inc. is a global health care company that delivers health solutions through its prescription medicines, vaccines, biologic therapies, animal health, and consumer care products. The company also gets A’s in earnings momentum. For more information, get Portfolio Grader’s complete analysis of MRK stock. This week, Heska Corporation’s (HSKA) ratings are up from a B last week to a A. Heska Corporation discovers, develops, manufactures, and markets companion animal health products, primarily for dogs, cats, and horses. The company also gets A’s in operating margin growth, earnings growth, earnings revisions, and earnings surprise. For more information, get Portfolio Grader’s complete analysis of HSKA stock. Relypsa, Inc. (RLYP) improves from a C to a B rating this week. For more information, get Portfolio Grader’s complete analysis of RLYP stock. Cynapsus Therapeutics Inc. (CYNA) earns a B this week, jumping up from last week’s grade of C. The company also gets A’s in earnings revisions and earnings momentum. For more information, get Portfolio Grader’s complete analysis of CYNA stock. This is a strong week for Pain Therapeutics, Inc. (PTIE). The company’s rating climbs to A from the previous week’s B. Pain Therapeutics, Inc. develops safer or more efficacious drugs for use in pain management, particularly in the area of opioid painkillers. The company also gets A’s in earnings revisions and earnings surprise. For more information, get Portfolio Grader’s complete analysis of PTIE stock. Louis Navellier’s proprietary Portfolio Grader stock ranking system assesses roughly 5,000 companies every week based on a number of fundamental and quantitative measures. Stocks are given a letter grade based on their results — with A being “strong buy,” and F being “strong sell.” Explore the tool here. Article printed from InvestorPlace Media, http://investorplace.com/2016/08/6-pharmaceuticals-stocks-to-buy-now-4/. ©2016 InvestorPlace Media, LLC More on InvestorPlace 10 Stocks That Wall Street's Smart Money Likes Right Now 7 Feast or Famine Stocks to Buy for Thanksgiving 3 Canadian Stocks to Buy for the New European Trade Deal The 3 Best REITs to Buy Under Trump 3 High-Dividend Stocks for 2017-Plus Apple Stock Is Shrugging Off the Trump Slump Comments are currently unavailable. Please check back soon. ADVERTISEMENT ADVERTISEMENT Editor's Picks 10 Stocks the Smart Money Likes Right Now The 3 Best REITs to Buy Under the Trump Presidency 7 Feast or Famine Stocks to Buy for Thanksgiving 3 Canadian Stocks to Buy for the New European Trade Deal 3 High-Dividend Stocks for 2017 and Beyond Most Popular Most Commented The 10 Best S&P 500 Blue-Chip Dividend Stocks to Buy Now 10 Stocks the Smart Money Likes Right Now 10 Small-Cap Stocks That Could Double in 2017 10 Best Cheap Stocks to Buy Now Under $10 The 7 Best Dividend Stocks to Buy for 2017 Tesla Motors Inc (TSLA) Finally Snags SolarCity — Get Ready for the Heartbreak S&P 500: Enjoy a Rare Thanksgiving Bull Feast! Time for Profit Taking on the Dow Jones Industrial Average Tesla Motors Inc (TSLA) Finally Snags SolarCity — Get Ready for the Heartbreak Is Tesla Motors Inc (TSLA) and SolarCity Corp (SCTY) a Bankruptcy in the Making? iShares Russell 2000 Index (ETF) (IWM): Our Year-End Target Poll of the Day View and vote in our How do you think the U.S. economy will do under Donald Trump's presidency? poll Partners ADVERTISEMENT About Us   ·   Press Center   ·   Resources   ·   Advisory Services   ·   Free Newsletters   ·   Free Reports   ·   Contact Us   ·   Advertise With Us   ·   Employment   ·   Privacy   ·   Terms and Conditions   ·   Disclosures and Disclaimers   ·   Media Sites RSS   ·   Sitemap More On InvestorPlace: Choose A Page About Us Press Center Resources Advisory Services Free Newsletters Free Reports Contact Us Advertise With Us Employment Privacy Terms and Conditions Disclosures and Disclaimers Media Sites Sitemap Financial Market Data powered by FinancialContent Services, Inc. All rights reserved. Nasdaq quotes delayed at least 15 minutes, all others at least 20 minutes. Copyright © 2016 InvestorPlace Media, LLC. All rights reserved. 9201 Corporate Blvd, Rockville, MD 20850. Richard Band John Jagerson Hilary Kramer Jon Markman Louis Navellier Bryan Perry Ken Trester Dan Wiener Richard Young Blue Chip Growth Cash Machine GameChangers Independent Adviser for Vanguard Investors Intelligence Report Maximum Options Profitable Investing SlingShot Trader Trader’s Advantage Active Trading Income Investing Growth Investing Mutual Funds & ETFs Value Hunters Options Trading
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login MENU Latest Stock Picks News Investing News Fool Podcasts Guides How to Invest Retirement Personal Finance Motley Fool Answers Options Trading Find a Broker Compare IRA Accounts ETF - Exchange Traded Funds Community Discussion Boards CAPS More About Help My Fool My Fool My Profile My Watchlist My Scorecard My Boards My CAPS My Reports My Subscriptions My Settings Premium Advice My Services None Other Services None Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Search Search: Bristol-Myers' Revolutionary Cancer Drug Suffers A Big Blow Bristol-Myers Squibb's Opdivo came up short in a key lung cancer trial, causing shares to plummet. Should investors panic? Todd Campbell (TMFEBCapital) Aug 14, 2016 at 3:02PM Bristol-Myers Squibb's (NYSE:BMY) Opdivo is approved to treat some patients who see their lung cancer return following chemotherapy, but a key trial evaluating Opdivo's use in previously untreated patients recently came up short. The news caused Bristol Myers shares to tumble and competitor Merck & Co.'s (NYSE:MRK) shares to jump. Does Opdivo's failure mean Merck's Keytruda is the better cancer immunotherapy? Maybe not. In this episode of The Motley Fool's Industry Focus: Healthcare podcast, analyst Kristine Harjes and contributor Todd Campbell discuss a key difference in how these two drugs were studied in lung cancer patients. Harjes and Campbell also weigh in on a unique, new "money-back-guarantee" that's being offered by GlaxoSmithKline (NYSE:GSK) on a drug used to treat an ultra-rare disease. A full transcript follows the video. This podcast was recorded on Aug. 10, 2016. Kristine Harjes: This episode of Industry Focus is brought to you by Rocket Mortgage by Quicken Loans. Rocket Mortgage brings the mortgage process into the 21st century with a fast, easy, and completely online process. Check out Rocket Mortgage today at quickenloans.com/fool. Welcome to Industry Focus, the podcast that dives into a different sector of the stock market every day. We're talking healthcare today, August 9th. My name is Kristine Harjes, and I'm happy to welcome Motley Fool healthcare contributor Todd Campbell to the show via Skype. What's new, Todd? Todd Campbell: Hi, Kristine! How are you today? Harjes: I'm doing great! Campbell: Are you excited to talk about some of the interesting trial results last week? Harjes: Yes, absolutely. We have a really cool show coming up. But before we dive into it, I have something also very exciting to announce. That is that the lovely Alison Southwick of The Motley Fool Answers podcast set up a voice mail box, where you, our listeners, can call in and leave us a message. While, of course, we're always looking for feedback on how we can make the show better, I want to use it to offer you guys the chance to be on Industry Focus. Here's how it'll work: Todd and I are looking to do a show on pet healthcare. This was a suggestion that came through our Motley Fool podcast Facebook page, which you should definitely join if you're not already a part of it. What we need from you is your best tale -- no pun intended -- of the craziest thing that you've had to take your pet to the vet or hospital for. Tell us, what did Fido eat, or whatever your best story is. Or, alternatively, tell us a tip you have for saving money on pet care. I know there have got to be a lot of good money-saving tips out there. Shoot for about 60 seconds or less. Hopefully we'll get some great messages that we can play on air. The number to call in to is 866-677-3665, which, oddly enough, spells 866-MRS-FOOL. I'm not really sure why. Many thanks in advance. I can't wait to hear what you guys have to say. With that out of the way, Todd, as you alluded to, we have some really interesting stuff to cover today. GlaxoSmithKline has announced a money-back guarantee payment structure for a gene-therapy drug, which is the first time that we're seeing something like this happen. But first, we wanted to talk about a type of cancer drug called PD- 1, particularly in light of some disappointing recent news out of Bristol-Myers Squibb. Campbell: Yeah, Kristine, this surprised everybody. Bristol-Myers is one of a few different companies that are developing or have developed drugs that can inhibit PD-1. Basically, what we're talking about here is, anything that we can do to help the immune system better find and destroy cancer is a good thing. Harjes: Yeah, one of cancer's worst tricks is that it can just hide from the immune system. They have a really elaborate way of doing this. PD-1 is one of the ways that researchers have found to work around that and expose these cells in order to have the immune system be able to attack them. Campbell: Exactly. If you take drugs like Bristol-Myers' Opdivo, it will basically stop cancer from being able to use that pathway to hide from the immune system. What we've found so far in trials up to this point is that Opdivo is very successful in helping the body get rid of cancer -- in kidney cancer, in various other cancers. It's even been shown to be helpful in treating recurrent non-small cell lung cancer. That's important because there's a trial that unfortunately just failed that Bristol-Myers was running, and that trial was for first-line use in treatment naive lung cancer patients. Unfortunately, Opdivo did not deliver the goods in this trial. Harjes: It's important to note that this was a trial for front-line treatments, so the very first therapy that you would get. And one of the reasons that it was so shocking is because a competitor, Merck, which has a very similar PD-1 drug called Keytruda, met its primary and secondary endpoints in a trial for Keytruda as a monotherapy for advanced non small-cell lung cancer less than two months ago. With Bristol failing in its own trial, that's the first time these two have generated completely different clinical outcomes in the same indication. Campbell: Right, and you could see the market reaction to that news -- it was to knock Bristol-Myers down by about 20%, and for investors to flock instead to Merck. What's interesting about this is that, since both of them have the same target, PD-1, why is it that Keytruda worked where Opdivo didn't? As investors, we have to remember that sometimes the devil is in the details. It's important to dig a little bit deeper. When you do that, you start to see why Keytruda won while Opdivo didn't. Harjes: And that had everything to do with trial design. Campbell: Yeah. Basically, people who are looking at this story now have to understand, when Bristol-Myers set up their trial, they did it to study the efficacy of this drug in patients that were expressing greater than 5% PD-1. Keytruda's trial was designed to evaluate patients expressing 50%, not 5%. Harjes: Yeah. That's a huge difference. Campbell: Very high-expressing PD-1 patients. Harjes: Yeah. It almost doesn't come as much of a shock when you look at that particular detail. Campbell: What I would be really interested to see, they didn't release the full data set from the Bristol-Myers trial yet. That's going to come out later on this year. But I'll be very interested to see if they break out the response rates and the efficacy by PD-1 expression. Harjes: They would have to, I would think. Campbell: Yeah. It would not shock me at all if they showed similar response rates to Keytruda in the high-expressing patients. That being said, the trial wasn't powered, it wasn't designed to look at these high-expressing patients. So, it's kind of irrelevant. I don't think they would be able to file for a label expansion in the high-expressing patients based on this trial. I guess we'll have to see how that all fleshes out. Harjes: You always want to be wary of post-hoc analysis. Really, what you're seeing here is just a case of Bristol being a little bit too ambitious. It was probably an easier target to hit just those with greater than 50% expression, but they wanted to go for a broader indication, and they missed the mark. Campbell: Absolutely. That, of course, raises the big question, Kristine -- what should investors do now? Should they continue to walk away from Bristol-Myers? Should they embrace Merck? Where do we go from here? Harjes: So, Opdivo has, thus far, been the winner between these two drugs. Opdivo brought in about $840 million in sales in the second quarter of 2016. That was up almost 600% year over year, compared to $314 million for Keytruda. However, Keytruda also did get some really positive press that the drug was able to rid former President Jimmy Carter of detectable tumors from his melanoma that has spread to his brain. This makes headlines as a miraculous cure, and there was a lot of really positive press for Merck. Campbell: Yeah, Opdivo has some advantages as far as testing advantages over Keytruda in some cases. A lot of people think that maybe is why people have embraced that drug as opposed to Keytruda. Investors probably should realize that this is going to be a short-term hit to Bristol-Myers' earnings next year. Analysts have already cut $0.20 off their forecasts for next year. They've added $0.08 to Merck's estimate for next year. But both of these companies -- this is not a deal-breaker or deal-maker for either one of these companies. Keytruda is probably going to be able to benefit from capturing, maybe, $1 billion extra in sales. That's certainly not chump change. But we have to recognize, too, that this was just one trial that's going on in this patient population. There are other trials that are occurring right now that could basically make this a non-event a year from now. Harjes: Right. There are dozens of clinical trials going on for Opdivo. This was, as you mentioned, just one of them. Something else I'll point out is there are other PD-1s being developed. AstraZeneca has one. I think the broader question that is raised here has to do with class-wide perceptions of a therapy. This is the PD-1 class. I think it's pretty easy to think, a little bit misguidedly, that any drug in this class is going to have the same type of clinical results and the same type of real life efficacy. That might not exactly be true. This is important to remember because this is not the only drug class that has multiple drugs. You also have your PCSK9 inhibitors, SGLT2 inhibitors. We've talked about a lot of different targets that fall under this class category. And people often assume that the effects that one shows are class-wide. They're not always. It's a good reminder for investors looking at the healthcare space, to take the drugs individually and actually look at the different results that they post. Campbell: Right. And to consider the trial design. You're right, two months ago, Keytruda's positive result in their trial, a lot of people probably didn't dig in to see if there might be differences in the Opdivo's trial with design. Yes, investors shouldn't just assume that because there's one drug that works that has the same target, that another one will as well. Harjes: Right. We are halfway through our show, and that means it's time to turn our attention to the other topic du jour, which is gene therapy, specifically a GlaxoSmithKline gene therapy that promises your money back if it doesn't work.  But first, a quick message from today sponsor. This episode of Industry Focus is brought to you by Rocket Mortgage by Quicken Loans. If you've ever bought a home, then you know how frustrating and time-consuming getting a mortgage can be. Rocket Mortgage bring some mortgage approval process into the 21st century by taking all the complicated, time-consuming parts of applying for a mortgage out of the equation. With Rocket Mortgage, you can easily share your bank statements and pay stubs at the touch of a button, helping you get approved in minutes for a custom mortgage solution that's been tailored to your own financial situation. And, you can do it all on your phone or your tablet. So, if you're looking to refinance your mortgage or buy a home, check out Rocket Mortgage today at quickenloans.com/fool. Equal housing lender, licensed in all 50 states, NMLS consumeraccess.org #3030. Let's turn our attention back to gene therapy now. Todd, what do we need to know? Campbell: This is just a really interesting story, especially given how much everybody has talked about cancer drug pricing over the course of the last couple years. I think it's probably not brand-new news to our listeners that most cancer drugs that are getting approved today are hitting the market with six-figure price tags. When we talk about that, we have to also then talk about the expensive drugs that are being developed for other diseases as well, including rare diseases. What I found really fascinating about this story is that GlaxoSmithKline just won approval for a drug called Strimvelis over in Europe. It's going to be sold in Italy. As part of the negotiation with Italy to provide this drug to patients, they agreed that if the drug doesn't work, they'll refund the cost. That is pretty interesting, especially when we start thinking about how that could be used in other disease classes or indications like cancer. Harjes: Absolutely. Strimvelis is $665,000. That's the list price for one-time treatment. That is over $0.5 million. But, Glaxo says, but, this is something that you only need to do once. When you look at what it treats, it's a rare disease called ADA-SCID, also known as "The Bubble Boy disease," because the immune system doesn't properly defend the body against infections, so patients are essentially forced to live in a sterile environment, hence the Bubble Boy name. Glaxo tested this in 18 children, and they found that with 15 of them, a single therapy of Strimvelis was enough to cure them. But then, you have the three children that it didn't work for. Campbell: Right. And what Italy said is, "Listen, this is a very expensive drug, and it's not going to work every time. If you want us to pay $665,000 for this treatment, you have to be willing to give the money back if it doesn't work in those three patients." I think they're estimating that one out of every six patients that's treated will end up getting a refund. That's pretty fascinating. But the other thing that jumps out to me, Kristine, from the story, is, wow, it was really only tested in 18 children? And that just shows you how rare this disease is. I think they estimate that there's only about a dozen people in Europe -- all throughout Europe -- that are born with this condition every year. Harjes: And if you run the numbers using that, if you have 12 children a year that are born with this disease in the EU, treating all of them would result in about $8 million of revenue. Then, if you refund one in six, which is based on your three out of 18 that didn't have a result, that's only $6.65 million in revenue, which is just not going to move the needle for Glaxo. Really, when I look at this story, I think it's painting Glaxo in a pretty positive light that they are researching a disease that's really not going to make them much money, and they're saying that they're so confident in it that they're going to give the money back if their therapy doesn't work. Campbell: It's a fascinating step in what could be a very new model that gets rolled out globally for paying for drugs -- especially as these drugs get more and more expensive. Italy has been a pioneer in these types of arrangements. This is the first arrangement they've made. They've actually been working on pay-for-performance deals since 2007. They did a bunch of these deals with cancer drug makers back in 2010. Not exactly the same thing, not full 100% refunds, but getting back price discounts for when the drugs don't work as well as maybe "advertised."  What I think this does say about Glaxo, and maybe the broader research into the use of gene replacement or gene-type therapies, is that companies are willing to investigate novel payment structures or reimbursement structures if it means being able to get a larger price for their product down the road. Glaxo is probably thinking the long game here. They're working on some cancer drug therapies with a small company named Adaptimmune. These are early-stage trials for gene-based TCR therapies, total receptor therapies, that, who knows. Maybe those would come out targeting small patient populations and have similar pricing arrangements in the future, as well. It's a very interesting story. We're going to have to keep an eye on it. It could make a big shift in how this industry operates. Harjes: I think this is Glaxo simply getting their hands a little bit dirty in this new pricing model, and also in gene therapy, which should be poised to become a lot more broadly used than just this one drug in Italy. There's drugs coming soon for hemophilia, brain diseases, eye diseases. Definitely something to watch going forward.  That's going to do it for your Healthcare edition of Industry Focus. I'm really looking forward to hearing all of your pet health voice mails. As always, people on the program may have interests in the stocks they talk about, and The Motley Fool may have formal recommendations for or against, so don't buy or sell stocks based solely on what you hear. For Todd Campbell, I'm Kristine Harjes. Thanks for listening, and Fool on! Kristine Harjes has no position in any stocks mentioned. Todd Campbell has no position in any stocks mentioned. The Motley Fool has no position in any of the stocks mentioned. Try any of our Foolish newsletter services free for 30 days. We Fools may not all hold the same opinions, but we all believe that considering a diverse range of insights makes us better investors. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author Todd Campbell (TMFEBCapital) Todd has been helping buy side portfolio managers as an independent researcher for over a decade. In 2003, Todd founded E.B. Capital Markets, LLC, a research firm providing action oriented ideas to professional investors. Todd has provided insight to a variety of publications, including SmartMoney, Barron's, and CNN/fn. Follow @ebcapital Article Info Aug 14, 2016 at 3:02PM Health Care Stocks Merck and Co. NYSE:MRK $61.14 down $0.56 (-0.91%) Bristol-Myers Squibb NYSE:BMY $56.35 down $0.20 (-0.35%) GlaxoSmithKline NYSE:GSK $38.03 down $0.01 (-0.03%) Read More 3 Great Dividend Stocks in the Bargain Bin for Retirees 3 Reasons Bristol-Myers Is a Buy Why Regulus Therapeutics Is Slumping 14% Today After Opdivo's Failure, Is Merck a Better Buy Than Bristol-Myers? Exelixis, Inc. Prepares for Blastoff Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Terms of Use Privacy Policy Copyright, Trademark and Patent Information Terms and Conditions © 1995 - 2016 The Motley Fool. All rights reserved. Current New stock picks released in...         Get The Picks x
24/7 Wall St. - Insightful Analysis and Commentary for U.S. and Global Equity Investors Search this site Business Aerospace & Defense Autos Banking & Finance Commodities & Metals Consumer Products Energy Healthcare Industrials Infrastructure Media Retail Services Technology Apps & Software Consumer Electronics Telecom & Wireless Apple Inc. Facebook Google Investing Analyst Upgrades Bankruptcy Buffett Corporate Governance Corporate Performance Dividends and Buybacks Earnings ETFs and Mutual Funds International Markets IPOs and Secondaries Mergers and Acquisitions Personal Finance Rumors Value Investing Economy Energy Government Regulation Healthcare Housing Jobs Special Report Brands and Products Cities Countries States Credit Suisse Issues Top Pharma Picks in Bull/Bear Upside Analysis By Jon C. Ogg August 15, 2016 1:05 pm EST Print Email Tweet It is sometimes hard to wonder about health care and pharmaceutical stocks during an election year. Still, with uncertainty can come opportunity. The team at Credit Suisse has issued its picks in pharmaceutical stocks, showing which companies have the most upside of the Big Pharma players and which ones may remain muted. Credit Suisse ran a bull and bear scenario for what the firm feels is a reasonable upside and downside for each of its large cap companies. While the firm’s Vamil Divan is maintaining the current ratings and 12-month target prices, the report does identify which companies may have the most implied upside based on the analysis and most likely outcomes. Eli Lilly and Co. (NYSE: LLY) was one of the two top picks for upside. It is seen as having a diversified late-stage pipeline, and that pipeline is viewed as being relatively de-risked with more upside than downside. Credit Suisse thinks the wildcard remains solanezumab, where the firm remains cautious overall but there remains much more perceived upside than downside at current levels. Divan has a base case target price of $96 for Eli Lilly, while we see a bull case scenario of $116 and a bear case of $65. Eli Lilly shares were last seen trading right at $80.25, in a 52-week range of $67.88 to $92.85. Its consensus analyst price target is $96.81. The second top pick among the Outperform rated pharma stocks was Allergan Inc. (NYSE: AGN). Divan is optimistic on Allergan’s recently launched products and late-stage pipeline. Credit Suisse’s bullish case leads to $391, significantly higher than the $253 handle today. Credit Suisse’s bearish case for Allergan is one in which the pipeline would be given a zero-dollar value. Even that generates a discounted cash flow valuation of $200. The other Outperform-rated cases for the bull and bear analysis were shown below. Investors might want to keep in mind that both Merck and Pfizer are Dow Jones Industrial Average components. Merck & Co. Inc. (NYSE: MRK) currently trades at $63.51, and Credit Suisse gave a base case target price of $73. Merck’s bullish case is all the way up at $82, and the bearish case is down at $54. Merck has a consensus price target of $64.63. Pfizer Inc. (NYSE: PFE) currently trades at $35.00, versus a consensus analyst target of $39.35. Credit Suisse’s base case is $40, and they have a bullish case up to $44 and a bearish case down at $32. Pfizer has an Outperform rating at Credit Suisse. AbbVie Inc. (NYSE: ABBV) was last seen trading at $67.58, and it has a consensus price target of $70.78. Credit Suisse’s Outperform rating comes with a base case price target of $70. Its bullish case is up at $86 and the bearish case would be down at $48. I'm interested in the Newsletter Get Newsletter terms and conditions   By Jon C. Ogg « Even With Alcatel Integration Woes, Why Nokia Shares Could Rise 70% or More Major Changes Seen in Warren Buffett and Berkshire Hathaway Stocks: Apple, Wal-Mart, Phillips 66, Deere and More » Read more: Healthcare Business, Analyst Upgrades, featured, healthcare, pharmaceuticals, Value Investing, AbbVie Inc. (NYSE:ABBV), Allergan, Inc. (NYSE:AGN), Eli Lilly & Co. (NYSE:LLY), Merck & Co., Inc. (NYSE:MRK), Pfizer (NYSE:PFE) Free Daily Newsletter Subscribe Terms & Conditions Sponsors Popular 40 Countries the US Government Doesn't Want You to Visit The Most Dangerous Cities in America The Worst Companies to Work For The Safest Cities in America The Largest Private Company in Every State Recent Natural Gas Price Up 2% After Storage Report Crude Oil Price Creeps Up on Inventory Decline, Gasoline Build Consumer Sentiment Surges Higher After Trump Victory Juno Falls Sharply on Self-Imposed Clinical Hold Get Quote for: Symbol Lookup Search Encana Corp: It's All About the Margins Why Shares of Urban Outfitters Dropped Today Top Stocks to Buy in Cloud Computing Kite Pharma's stock turns positive, up 0.7% after being down as much as 6.7% earlier Bluebird's stock swings higher, up 0.4% after being down as much as 6.8% earlier Jan. WTI crude trades at $48.18/bbl on Nymex vs. $48.02 before supply data Is Editas Medicine (EDIT) Stock a Solid Choice Right Now? Why You Shouldn't Bet Against NIC (EGOV) Stock Why First Interstate (FIBK) Stock Might be a Great Pick A $1 million bet: Anatomy of a high-end house flip Dow breaks below 18K, as China, Fed fears weigh Billionaires had a rough year in 2015 - relatively The Worst Dividend Stocks of 2016 Apple Inc.'s Mysterious OLED iPhone Revealed Advice & Insights for ETF Investing as Rate Hike Looms This Holiday Season Expect To See Humanity In Action Obama's Big Overtime Reform Just Got Blocked In Court Millennials Are Loading Up On Their Vegetables Home About Us Disclaimer and Terms of Use Privacy Policy Contact Us Advertise AOL-HuffPost Money & Finance ©2016 24/7 Wall St. | Powered by WordPress.com VIP
Skip to content Skip to content Home About Our Authority Authors / Contact Privacy Notice Archives Advertise Here! The Pub Flyer/Card Think Tank Entrepreneurs Know Your Enemy Barack Hussein Obama aka Barry Soetoro: World Citizen Cable News Propagandists George Soros – Bringing Down America Rush Limbaugh The 10 Wealthiest Members of Congress The Federal Reserve The Global Warming Myth The Supreme Court U.S. Chamber of Commerce Hometown Corporate Mafia The Wendt Gang Red Pill Documentaries The United States Constitution The Federalist Papers The Anti-Federalist Papers The Word From the Trenches Archives Choose from 5 Gift Options with a minimum donation of $35 Or you can mail donations to Henry Shivley at P.O. Box 964, Chiloquin, OR 97624 ← Russia Building New Underground Nuclear Command Posts Here’s How The Government Is Stealing More Than Ever Before… → Why Should There Be A Moratorium On Vaccines? Posted on August 15, 2016 by # 1 NWO Hatr Activist Post – by Catherine Frompovich My new book, Eat to Beat Disease, Foods Medicinal Qualities was published July 20, 2016, and Blog Talk Radio show “In the Know” host Sallie O. Elkordy interviewed me about it, but before we got to talking about my new book, she asked a pointed question about vaccines since she knows that I have researched vaccine information since the 1980s and wrote Vaccination Voodoo, What YOU Don’t Know About Vaccines the only book I know of that addresses most of the toxic ingredients in vaccines and the damage they cause from published peer review journals, which is not being taken seriously by the medical profession.   Since Sallie has spearheaded the national campaign “Unite to Save Our Children, Call for a National Moratorium on Vaccination Now,” the question Sallie asked was, “Why should there be a moratorium on vaccines?” However, Sallie put that question to me during her phone conversation inviting me on her show, so I was prepared with a statement when she asked that question on air. Here’s what I replied: What would be the most logical, sensible and FACTUAL answer to that rather contradictory question regarding vaccines? The primary reason for a moratorium on the vaccination program is the fraud and downright deceit involved in what I call “tobacco science” exercised by the CDC and FDA in approving new vaccines for licensure going back to the 1950s with the polio vaccines, and now even more prevalent than ever, I think, with regard to the horrible state of children’s health with childhood Autism obviously from the MMR vaccines, plus other serious chronic diseases in childhood not experienced demographically before the current craze to vaccinate right out of the womb. Add to that the serious health effects, including deaths, from the HPV vaccines given to preteens and teenagers. Furthermore, there’s a video on the Internet wherein Dr Maurice Hilleman, MD, the father of modern vaccines who was the vaccinologist at Merck and Company, discusses in no uncertain candid terms the SV40 virus that was in vaccines, especially the polio vaccine, which the CDC finally admits was there and the US Congress held hearings on in 2003 wherein it finally was confirmed that 98 million or more U.S. kids were vaccinated with a cancer-containing virus vaccine to prevent polio! However, is that the reason for the cancer epidemic today? Fraud and deceit at the CDC and FDA can be verified in the June 2000 Simpsonwood Meeting held in Georgia wherein the FDA held a clandestine meeting to discuss the findings of the CDC’s epidemiologist Dr Thomas Verstraeten, MD, that autism was implicated in vaccines! The end result of that meeting was to send Verstraeten back to the drawing boards to rework his research so that no autism links could be found, which he did and which the FDA/CDC keep stating all these years as factual, whereas in reality it’s a boldface scientific fraud. That autism-related fraud was exposed further by William Thompson, PhD, and is documented in the movie VAXXED, which can be accessed on the Internet. Thompson is on record in the movie telling how the FDA scientists gathered to destroy their research data that implicated autism in young black boys less than three years of age. They actually put that research into a trash can, but Thompson saved his research files and data and turned them over to U.S. Congressman Posey of Florida, who’s asked for a congressional hearing into the fraud and deceit in MMR vaccines but no such investigation has been held to date. Why? Then there’s the research by criminally-indicted Danish researcher Poul Thorsen, MD, PhD, whose work the CDC uses to prove there are no links between autism and vaccines. Thorsen is a wanted man for embezzling $2 million from the U.S. CDC and no one is going after him. Why isn’t criminal Thorsen’s work retracted, when they witch-hunted Dr. Andrew Wakefield for publishing that more research was needed on the MMR vaccine and gut problems since the vaccine virus was found in those kids’ intestines gastroenterologist Wakefield and associates observed? Is Thorsen as immune to prosecution as Hillary Clinton is regarding her personal emails, which apparently amount to a form of treason against the U.S. government for whom she worked as Secretary of State? Those are the reasons why there should be a moratorium on vaccines. However, after the show I added this Addendum, which I included in the written transcript of my answer: There are many more instances I can recite, but I think you can get the idea that vaccines are a sham and an experiment in an unproven science that is harming a least two generations of children, the future of the human race. That’s got to stop, and that’s why there has to be a moratorium on vaccines. Catherine J Frompovich August 12, 2016 Sallie O. Elkordy is one of the most avid vaccine-free advocates and activists I know. I cannot compliment her work enough and, therefore, would like to support her efforts to establish a National Moratorium on Vaccination in the USA. According to Sallie, to date, there are activists in twenty U.S. states participating to bring vaccination to a halt. The project was initiated when Sallie delivered an address to the National Vaccine Advisory Committee (NVAC) at the Department of Health and Human Services on June 7, 2016. The transcript for that address was written by Viera Scheibner, PhD in Natural Sciences. Oral presentation is here. The Plan of Action Beginning in August, ONE PERSON in each State STARTS by Grabbing & Downloading this banner to a printing website or to a printer. The banner has been sized to fit vistaprint.com’s smallest horizontal indoor banner (3′ x 1.7′), but any printer will do. Artwork was created for this purpose by Airmail-Greetings.com . The Kick-off occurred on August 1st with a Public Stand in New York City at City Hall. Many interviews regarding WHY people think that a Moratorium on Vaccination is needed have been conducted, starting with Dr. Rebecca Carley, MD, and most recently with Author and Journalist Catherine J. Frompovich. A Calendar has been created showing people participating in this effort (holding up their banners) and videos have been generated in support as well. How to Proceed As the Olympic Torch is passed from person to person until its destination is reached, so will our Moratorium banner be passed, but within each State from one vaccine injured family to the next until the end of October, Vaccine Injury Awareness Month. In November, one (or more) representative(s) from each State will convene in Washington, DC. The journey throughout this campaign must be photographed and/or videotaped and posted to social networking sites over the next 3 months. Hopefully, the Moratorium campaign to stop vaccination harms also will become a presidential campaign issue; that’s one of its goals. If you have a vaccine-injured family member and want to take part in a State-by-State effort to solidify a “National Moratorium on Vaccination,” please contact Sallie O. Elkordy at VaccineFreeNYC. As Sallie says, “Grab and print the banner calling for a ‘National Moratorium on Vaccination’ and embark with us on this crucial mission as soon as possible.” To your health! ~ Sallie O. Elkordy ~ https://BrightFuture83.wordpress.com Below are a couple of the photographs, which Sallie provided, of folks who have joined the National Moratorium on Vaccination. There is a portfolio of similar photographs, which could not be included in this article. John Berchielli, who suffers from Guillain-Barré syndrome resulting from the TDaP vaccine, musters what strength he has left to STAND for Children! John was a seven-year volunteer for California State Senator Dr. Richard Pan, MD, when Pan headed up the Pediatrics Division in a California Hospital. Dr. Pan introduced the infamous SB277 [1] mandatory vaccination legislation into the California legislature. Since John has fallen ill, Pan hasn’t visited him once. John proudly supports the Moratorium on Vaccinations. Jermaine Muhammud, NOI Organizer for #JusticeOrElse Atlanta, Georgia, (second from left) with fellow activists, who support the Moratorium on Vaccinations. Jermaine is best known for his efforts organizing people for rallies outside the CDC with another rally coming up in mid-October. New York City’s “A” Team at NYC City Hall (2015 monthly stand with speeches) L to R: Christian Palma, Yuka Azuma, Sarai Flores and Moratorium on Vaccines organizer Sallie O. Elkordy “Intellectuals solve problems. Geniuses prevent them.” Albert Einstein Join the National Moratorium on Vaccination Campaign [1] http://bolenreport.com/lawsuit-sb-277-filed/ Catherine J Frompovich (website) is a retired natural nutritionist who earned advanced degrees in Nutrition and Holistic Health Sciences, Certification in Orthomolecular Theory and Practice plus Paralegal Studies. Her work has been published in national and airline magazines since the early 1980s. Catherine authored numerous books on health issues along with co-authoring papers and monographs with physicians, nurses, and holistic healthcare professionals. She has been a consumer healthcare researcher 35 years and counting. Activist Post   Share this: Print Email Share on Tumblr Tweet Pocket Related This entry was posted in News. Bookmark the permalink. 766 ← Russia Building New Underground Nuclear Command Posts Here’s How The Government Is Stealing More Than Ever Before… → Leave a Reply Cancel reply Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment Name * Email * Website Notify me of follow-up comments by email. Notify me of new posts by email. Doom and Bloom The Distillery Network E-Cigarettes Listen Live Monday - Friday 12 pm - 2 pm Pacific Call in line:  (641) 715-3610 Conference line:  220029# The Word From the Trenches Archives RICO REALTY The Looted Trillions Roscoe Reports US National Debt Clock Search Articles Search for: Connect     Notify of New Posts Email Address Get your AE 9/11 and Israel/Palestine Information Packets Help Support From the Trenches Or you can mail donations to Henry Shivley at P.O. Box 964, Chiloquin, OR 97624 This Land Photos Recent Comments Frank Face on Key adviser claims Elton John will play at Trump’s inauguration Vekar on The nasty rise of ‘flash mob robbers’ BMF on Not again! US Navy ‘stealth’ destroyer towed into port after another break down BMF on Not again! US Navy ‘stealth’ destroyer towed into port after another break down Jolly Roger on Key adviser claims Elton John will play at Trump’s inauguration KOYOTE on Christmas Tree Jolly Roger on Christmas Tree BMF on Wayne State University officer recovering from shooting Jolly Roger on Illegal Immigrants Set Record By Using Children As Deportation Shields KOYOTE on The nasty rise of ‘flash mob robbers’ Bill in IL on West Virginia Supreme Court Expands DUI To Private Property Jolly Roger on FBI hacked into 8k computers in 120 countries using single disputed warrant – report Jolly Roger on Not again! US Navy ‘stealth’ destroyer towed into port after another break down Bill in IL on Kansas man’s homemade gun silencers clash with federal law Jolly Roger on Wayne State University officer recovering from shooting KOYOTE on Donald Trump Flip Flops on Climate Change…Surprised? NOT Jolly Roger on Scientists Find “Persuasive Evidence” Of Vote Hacking, Demand Clinton Recount In 3 States 2-Sense on Crispian St. Peters – Pied Piper Jolly Roger on Enter Fake News as Replacement for Conspiracy Theory? KOYOTE on Key adviser claims Elton John will play at Trump’s inauguration Help Support From the Trenches  Subscribe in a reader © 2010 - 2016 From the Trenches World Report Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
obsessions our picks latest popular like us on facebook follow us on twitter quartz index about us register log in log out Events Atlas quartz quartz India quartz Africa Change your edition back to menu SECURITY Jobs at these 10 companies will literally pay you for life Written by Janet Guyon August 15, 2016 Bernie loves pension plans. (AP Photo/Elijah Nouvelage) Share Written by Janet Guyon August 15, 2016 Everyone knows that retirement is an iffy proposition in the US. Americans either haven’t saved enough, don’t earn enough to salt away a nest egg, or will be faced with a broken Social Security system when we do retire. There’s a solution for all that. You could get a job at one of the companies that still offer defined-benefit pension plans. This is a fancy way to say that if you work for this company long enough–usually at least five years–they will pay you a certain amount every month for the rest of your life when you retire, normally after age 62. Defined benefit plans, or pensions, have gone the way of the dinosaurs in much of corporate America, replaced by 401ks (pdf) which require you to save and invest for retirement on your own. Most companies that offer 401k plans “match” a small portion of what you put in. Even if you contribute the maximum allowed under federal tax laws and your company matches part of that, you’re still subject to the vagaries of things like the stock market. The risk is all yours. But get a job at one of the places below and you’ll buy yourself a certain soothing security. These are the top 10 companies with the biggest defined benefit plans that are still taking new employees. Company Total Defined Benefit Assets (billions) Kaiser Foundation Health Plan Inc. $23.39 Johnson & Johnson $14.36 JPMorgan Chase & Co. $14.02 PG&E Corp. $13.63 Prudential Financial Inc. $12.14 Consolidated Edison of New York $11.89 Merck & Co. Inc. $10.04 Southern Co. $9.46 Eli Lilly & Co. $7.16 Dominion Resources Inc. $6.43 Source: Pensions & Investments (P&I) This list comes courtesy of Aaron M. Cunningham, director of research & analytics at Pensions & Investments, a unit of Crain Communications. About 30 million of the 113 million people working in private industry in the US are still covered by pension plans. While many companies have been cutting pension costs by barring new employees from joining, about 60% of companies with pension plans let new employees participate as of 2012 (the latest year data was available), according to the Pension Benefit Guarantee Corporation (PDF), the US government entity that insures pension plans. That’s down from 72% in 2008. Companies typically use a formula based on how long you were employed and your average or last years’ pay to calculate your pension at retirement. US companies by law vest pensions after five years of service and pay up to 1.8% of your salary per year of service, according to Christian Weller, a public policy professor at University of Massachusetts, Boston. So if you spent only five years at a company and earned an average of $100,000 a year, you’d get $9,000 a year when you retired. Most people spend more than five years with one employer, however. If you worked at a company for 30 years and earned $100,000 on average during the final few years, and the company’s promise was to pay you annually during retirement 1.5% of that average salary multiplied by years employed, you would get $45,000 a year for the rest of your life. (Participants can sometimes elect to trade lower annual payments for lump sum payouts or survivor benefits for their spouses.) Many US companies that pay pensions also offer 401k plans. JPMorgan Chase, for instance, pays retirees an annual pension and offers a 401k plan that matches their contributions, dollar-for-dollar, for up to 5% of their compensation. JPMorgan employees also have the option to take their pensions as a lump sum in cash rather than as monthly payments. The financial crisis has bolstered people’s support for pensions. According to a 2015 telephone survey conducted by Greenwald & Associates for the National Institute on Retirement Security (NIRS), 82% of people in the US think a pension is worth having and 67% say they would take less pay to get a guaranteed income at retirement. Weller says employers are less willing to offer pensions because federal regulations require companies to fund their pension obligations using ever-changing interest rate assumptions. That means from year to year, keeping the pension fund topped up can cost big employers billions. It’s certainly easier to foist responsibility for retirement saving on their employees. Read full story home our picks popular latest obsessions search
null
Most Popular News News Latest Headlines Opinion California News Nation & World Crime & Courts Politics Environment & Science Education Health Transportation Traffic Map Weather Local Bay Area Oakland Alameda County Contra Costa County East Contra Costa West Contra Costa Central Contra Costa Sports Sports San Francisco 49ers San Francisco Giants Golden State Warriors Oakland Raiders Oakland Athletics San Jose Sharks San Jose Earthquakes College Sports High School Sports Sports Scoreboard High School Scores Sports Blogs Sports Columnists Business Business Personal Technology Economy Real Estate Retail SiliconValley.com SiliconBeat Entertainment Entertainment Lifestyle Celebrities Television Movies Music Theater & Arts Event Listings Movie Listings Comics Puzzles and Games Horoscopes Obituaries Obituaries Local Obituaries Place an Obituary The Cannifornian Weather Today Subscribe Newsletter East Bay Times Weather Today Subscribe Newsletter Most Popular News News Latest Headlines Opinion California News Nation & World Crime & Courts Politics Environment & Science Education Health Transportation Traffic Map Weather Local Bay Area Oakland Alameda County Contra Costa County East Contra Costa West Contra Costa Central Contra Costa Sports Sports San Francisco 49ers San Francisco Giants Golden State Warriors Oakland Raiders Oakland Athletics San Jose Sharks San Jose Earthquakes College Sports High School Sports Sports Scoreboard High School Scores Sports Blogs Sports Columnists Business Business Personal Technology Economy Real Estate Retail SiliconValley.com SiliconBeat Entertainment Entertainment Lifestyle Celebrities Television Movies Music Theater & Arts Event Listings Movie Listings Comics Puzzles and Games Horoscopes Obituaries Obituaries Local Obituaries Place an Obituary The Cannifornian Bernie Sanders: Big Pharma a health hazard Share this: Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to email this to a friend (Opens in new window) Click to print (Opens in new window) Trending: Thanksgiving hotlines STDs on the rise Black Friday advice Oakland vs. Las Vegas Duped by fake news DWTS: The winner OpinionCommentary Bernie Sanders: Big Pharma a health hazard Share this: Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to email this to a friend (Opens in new window) Click to print (Opens in new window) By Bay Area News Group August 15, 2016 at 1:38 pm The pharmaceutical industry has become a major health hazard to the American people. Our nation pays — by far — the highest prices in the world for prescription drugs. As a result, nearly one in five Americans cannot afford to fill their prescriptions. That is unacceptable. A lifesaving product does no good if patients cannot afford it. A new report from Americans for Tax Fairness explains how a pharmaceutical company, Gilead Sciences, games the system to charge high prices and then shifts the profits offshore to avoid billions in U.S. taxes. Gilead sells Sovaldi, a drug used to treat the hepatitis C virus. It was developed in part with taxpayer funds by a researcher who worked at the Department of Veterans Affairs and founded a small drug company. Gilead bought the company for $11 billion and used government-provided monopoly rights to set the sticker price at $1,000 per pill, or $84,000 for the 12-week course of treatment in 2014. U.S. public and private insurers, taxpayers and patients spent more money on Sovaldi in 2014 than on any other prescription drug, according to a report from the IMS Institute for Healthcare Informatics. And yet, state Medicaid programs could afford to treat fewer than one in 40 patients with hepatitis C in 2014. If gone untreated, hepatitis C can end in what one nurse-practitioner called “some of the worst deaths I’ve ever seen.” She said, “At the end, you die not knowing who you are; your belly looks 12 months pregnant; you’re malnourished, and you’re bleeding to death.” Patients with hepatitis C are often low-income and a disproportionate number of them are veterans. Gilead’s profits have quintupled since it started selling the drug, from $4 billion in 2013 to $22 billion in 2015. Gilead claims that it earns two-thirds of these profits offshore, but this is impossible, because it reports earning two-thirds of its revenue here in the U.S., where it charges higher prices than anywhere else in the world. The company pays an effective tax rate of just 1 percent in the foreign countries where it claims to do business. In 2013, Gilead’s chief financial officer revealed the strategy by announcing the formula for Sovaldi was being transferred to Ireland to allow the company’s effective tax rate to “decline over time.” Gilead’s worldwide effective tax rate dropped from 27 percent in 2013 to 16 percent in 2015. So taxpayers helped bankroll the research behind the hepatitis C drug; Gilead charged Americans the highest price in the world for the treatment; and now we are getting cheated a third time, as Gilead stashes its profits abroad to avoid taxes. Gilead is not the only company taking advantage of our public research funding and tax loopholes. Pfizer, Merck, Johnson & Johnson, Eli Lilly, Bristol-Myers Squibb and many others engage in similar offshore tax dodging to avoid billions in U.S. taxes each year. At what point will Congress have the courage to stand up to the greed of the pharmaceutical industry and say enough is enough? Congress should address this in several ways. First, in extraordinary circumstances, such as a cure for hepatitis C, federal law allows the government to use patented inventions with or without the permission of the owner, as long as they are fairly compensated. Second, Congress must repeal the rule allowing our corporations to defer paying taxes on profits they claim to earn offshore. We must also take several other steps to lower drug prices, including instructing Medicare to negotiate drug prices and reducing the barriers to the importation of prescription medication from Canada and other countries. Americans — including veterans, retirees, and children — who suffer from serious, sometimes fatal, illnesses like hepatitis C and cancer need a government that works for them, not just the CEOs of large pharmaceutical companies and the billionaire class. Bernie Sanders is a U.S. senator from Vermont and was an unsuccessful candidate for the Democratic Party’s presidential nomination. Tags:  My Word Your Turn Bay Area News Group Subscribe Today! All Access Digital offer for just 99 cents! blog comments powered by Disqus Sign up for our newsletters! Subscribe Follow Us Facebook Twitter Instagram RSS Most Popular Testarossa opening new Carmel Valley tasting room Kawakami: The Ronnie Lott deal is a direct plea to the NFL (not so much the Raiders) Pittsburg: Two alleged Norteños arrested on aggravated mayhem charges One charged, two sought in shooting death of Richmond musician Family of Contra Costa deputy who drowned sues Tahoe boating company Sexually transmitted diseases on the rise in Bay Area, state Former Oakley resident dies in Half Moon Bay crash UC Berkeley: Male student sexually assaulted in university-affiliated housing More in Opinion Commentary: Work hard, play hard, live life fully November 23, 2016, 9:00 am Silicon Valley entrepreneur combines his love of kite surfing with an effort to save the oceans. Editorial: This year let’s set aside divisiveness for a day November 23, 2016, 9:00 am Editorial urges the nation to take a day to set aside its differences Why dishing on the rich and famous isn’t always a bad thing November 23, 2016, 7:50 am People think gossip is trivial and mean-spirited, but the universal practice has long served important purposes in human society. Robinson: Donald Trump deepens the swamp’s muck November 22, 2016, 5:16 pm Trump business dealings create conflict of interest issues Member Services News Alerts Facebook Twitter Instagram RSS Subscribe Manage Your Subscription Today’s e-Edition Newsletter Sign-Up Mobile Apps All Access Subscriptions Contact Us Corrections Archive Search Reprints Lottery Classifieds Autos Jobs Real Estate Place an Obituary Place a Legal Ad Advertise With Us Today’s Ads Weekly Ads Local Guide Fry’s Ad Public Notes © 2016 Digital First Media Sitemap Copyright Privacy Policy Powered by WordPress.com VIP Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
MM&M Facebook MM&M Twitter MM&M LinkedIn Advertise Subscribe Log in | Register Home News Agencies Data/Analytics Campaigns Commercial Corporate Legal/Regulatory Media Opinion Payers Pipeline Technology 3 health tech innovations experts say will revolutionalize healthcare As digital-health funding increases, here's how VR, nanotechnology, and 3D printing could potentially improve the value of healthcare. Health Influencer 50 MM&M and PRWeek editors convened to select 50 battle-tested pros who are changing the healthcare game. Find out if you made the list. 10 things for pharma marketers to know about Facebook and Instagram With about 70 million users in six million health-related groups, drugmakers have tremendous opportunity to reach key audiences on Facebook. Here's how. Series Top 100 Agencies Live at Cannes Pharma Report Watson Week MM&M's Guide to DTC Top 40 Transformers Events Big Data Hall of Femme Leadership Exchanges MM&M Awards Transforming Healthcare Conference Webcasts Virtual Events Resources eBooks inVision Videos Podcasts The Agency Gallery The PMD Whitepapers Careers The Glass Ceiling Upward Moves At Work With Magazine Latest Issue Issue Archive MM&M > Channel > Campaigns > DTC ads for Opdivo face further backlash Tweet Kevin McCaffrey August 15, 2016 DTC ads for Opdivo face further backlash Share this content: facebook twitter linkedin google Comments Print Bristol-Myers Squibb began a direct-to-consumer ad campaign for Opdivo in late September.  A pair of commentaries criticized Bristol-Myers Squibb's direct-to-consumer ads for Opdivo, its immuno-oncology drug, arguing that the ad's message is misleading. Bristol-Myers Squibb CEO Giovanni Caforio has already had to defend the company's first branded cancer TV spot for Opdivo to investors. In January he said that the ad's purpose is to dispel pessimism about new cancer drugs given the history of oncology therapies that lack “significant value,” even though Opdivo only has a second-line lung cancer indication. See also: Bristol-Myers Squibb turns to DTC to promote Opdivo Caforio may soon have to go bat for the drugmaker's marketing strategy for Opdivo again, as criticism for the ad has mounted this past week. An op-ed in The New York Times said the ad overpromises the drug's effectiveness, while a JAMA editorial said the ad can cause confusion among patients. The commentaries highlight a common tension in DTC advertising — the makers of such ads say the medium's ability to facilitate a productive doctor-patient dialogue about a serious disease is valuable, while critics say that such discussion drives hype and misconceptions.  BMS developed the ad to inform families about a new treatment option and to encourage “patients to have an informed discussion with their physician about available treatment options,” spokesperson Danielle Halstrom said in a statement. See also: Opdivo bet backfires, creates opening for Merck to pursue DTC The op-ed in The New York Times, published last Tuesday, blasted the ad, saying that the drug's “velvet-voice narrator” and “actors portraying lung cancer patients playing with babies and watching Little League games” would be uplifting “if it weren't so utterly misleading and exploitative.” Matt Jablow, the author, lost his wife to stage 4 lung cancer. Opdivo was one of the drugs she took in her treatment regimen. He wrote that the promise of immuno-oncology drugs is an exciting development but the drugs' effectiveness is “far from guaranteed, particularly in patients with late-stage forms of the disease.”  Dr. Lowell Schnipper, an oncologist at Beth Israel Deaconess Medical Center in Boston, writing in JAMA Oncology, also last week, argued that the ad does not facilitate a productive conversation. “It is difficult to conceive that a medical oncologist would fail to discuss the potential use of [Opdivo] or another immunomodulatory agent for second-line therapy of squamous non-small cell lung cancer,” he wrote.  BMS spent $37 million on Opdivo ads in the first quarter of 2016 and a total of $125 million advertising the drug in 2015, according to Kantar Media. The drugmaker has spent significantly more money marketing Opdivo than Merck has for Keytruda — a competing immuno-oncology therapy. Share this content: facebook twitter linkedin google Comments Print Similar Articles I'll take DTC for $10 million, Alex Opdivo bet backfires, creates opening for Merck to pursue DTC AMA votes to further study DTC advertising Bristol-Myers Squibb plans to spend more on DTC for Opdivo Pfizer adopts 6-month DTC moratorium for new drugs, will seek FDA feedback before airing ads Related Topics Campaigns DTC Immuno-oncology Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Next Article in Campaigns One year on: Inside Bayer's effort to get prostate cancer patients to speak up MM&M Articles Popular Emailed Recent Physicians still rely on medical journals but turn to the web when they have only 10 minutes Five things for pharma marketers to know: Thursday, November 17, 2016 Five things for pharma marketers to know: Monday, November 21, 2016 Five things for pharma marketers to know: Wednesday, November 16, 2016 Five things for pharma marketers to know: Tuesday, November 22, 2016 Merck educates doctors about biosimilars, long before it will sell one in the U.S. 4 trends with the potential to change behavior in the patient journey What do physicians think about biosimilars? Boehringer Ingelheim launches gamified support program The Science and Psychology behind Patient Engagement U.S. marketers spend slightly less on digital engagement with docs than China Five things for pharma marketers to know: Wednesday, November 23, 2016 Two new therapies made by Sanofi and Novo Nordisk to compete in crowded diabetes market Paying Lip Service to STEM Isn't Enough The doctor-patient dialogue: As productive as it's ever been or broken? Tweets by @MMMnews Events Weekly MM&M Breaking News MM&M KOL White Paper MM&M News Brief MM&M Sponsored Promotion MM&M Weekly Digest The Splash from MM&M United States United Kingdom Canada Afghanistan Albania Algeria American Samoa Andorra Angola Anguilla Antarctica Antigua and Barbuda Argentina Armenia Aruba Australia Austria Azerbaijan Bahamas Bahrain Bangladesh Barbados Belarus Belgium Belize Benin Bermuda Bhutan Bolivia Bosnia and Herzegovina Botswana Bouvet Island Brazil British Indian Ocean Territory Brunei Darussalam Bulgaria Burkina Faso Burundi Cambodia Cameroon Cape Verde Cayman Islands Central African Republic Chad Chile China Christmas Island Cocos (Keeling) Islands Colombia Comoros Congo Congo (DRC) Cook Islands Costa Rica Côte D'Ivoire Croatia Cuba Cyprus Czech Republic Denmark Djibouti Dominica Dominican Republic Ecuador Egypt El Salvador Equatorial Guinea Eritrea Estonia Ethiopia Falkland Islands (Malvinas) Faroe Islands Fiji Islands Finland France French Guiana French Polynesia French Southern Territories Gabon Gambia Georgia Germany Ghana Gibraltar Greece Greenland Grenada Guadeloupe Guam Guatemala Guinea Guinea-Bissau Guyana Haiti Heard Island and Mcdonald Islands Honduras Hong Kong Hungary Iceland India Indonesia Iran Iraq Ireland Israel Italy Jamaica Japan Jordan Kazakhstan Kenya Kiribati Korea Kuwait Kyrgyzstan Laos Latvia Lebanon Lesotho Liberia Libya Liechtenstein Lithuania Luxembourg Macao Macedonia Madagascar Malawi Malaysia Maldives Mali Malta Marshall Islands Martinique Mauritania Mauritius Mayotte Mexico Micronesia Moldova Monaco Mongolia Montenegro Montserrat Morocco Mozambique Myanmar Namibia Nauru Nepal Netherlands Netherlands Antilles New Caledonia New Zealand Nicaragua Niger Nigeria Niue Norfolk Island North Korea Northern Mariana Islands Norway Oman Pakistan Palau Panama Papua New Guinea Paraguay Peru Philippines Pitcairn Poland Portugal Puerto Rico Qatar Reunion Romania Russia Rwanda Saint Helena Saint Kitts and Nevis Saint Lucia Saint Martin Saint Pierre and Miquelon Saint Vincent and The Grenadines San Marino Sao Tome & Principe Saudi Arabia Senegal Serbia-Montenegro Seychelles Sierra Leone Singapore Slovakia Slovenia Solomon Islands Somalia South Africa Spain Sri Lanka Sudan Suriname Svalbard and Jan Mayen Swaziland Sweden Switzerland Syria Taiwan Tajikistan Tanzania Thailand Timor-Leste Togo Tokelau Tonga Trinidad and Tobago Tunisia Turkey Turkmenistan Turks and Caicos Islands Tuvalu Uganda Ukraine United Arab Emirates Uruguay Uzbekistan Vanuatu Vatican City Venezuela Vietnam Virgin Islands Virgin Islands, British Wallis and Futuna Western Samoa Yemen Yugoslavia Zambia Zimbabwe Check out what's trending Corporate Pricing Clinical Trial Commercial FDA Election Physicians Pharma Affordable Care Act More in Campaigns Centron's Letty Albarran talks ads that get personal Here are six campaigns that connect with the patient on a personal level. Drugmakers, facing pricing criticism, sell cures in new ... With lawmakers, patients, and physicians crying foul over pricing, drugmakers are trying to shift the narrative — with mixed results. Can a new focus on storytelling help? Marvel creates superheroes suffering from bowel disease for ... Takeda launched four new superheroes whose lives have been touched by inflammatory bowel disease (IBD), with the help of PR agency Ketchum. Medical Marketing & Media Return To Top News Agencies Campaigns Commercial Corporate Legal/Regulatory Media Payers Pipeline Opinion Back Talk Beltway Insider Editor's Desk Partner Forum Private View Viewpoint User Center Subscribe About us Contact us Media Information Sitemap Ad Choices Connect With Us Newsletters Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Copyright © 2016 Haymarket Media, Inc. All Rights Reserved This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed in any form without prior authorization. Your use of this website constitutes acceptance of Haymarket Media's Privacy Policy and Terms & Conditions.
PRLog XHome Login Latest News News By Location News By Industry News By Topic News By Date Business Profiles Pressrooms Get Feeds Get Alerted For Bloggers PRNewswire Distribution Search Europe Hosts Industry-Best Pharma Market Research Conference Leaders meet in Berlin 20-21 October to discuss innovations, new insights   Spread the Word: News By Tag: * Pharma * Market Research * Biotech By Industry: * MedicalBERLIN, Germany - Aug. 15, 2016 - PRLog -- The outstanding program agenda for the 2016 European Pharma Market Research Conference (EPMRC) is already generating plenty of buzz from industry experts who are excited to attend this prestigious conference on 20-21 October at the Westin Grand Berlin Hotel in Berlin, Germany. Visit http://pharmamarketresearchconference.com/ to review the agenda, event details, speakers and registration options Known as the "can't-miss" event for pharmaceutical professionals, many people are eager to take advantage of the "early bird" discounts, which will end on 2 September, 2016. Register now at http://pharmamarketresearchconference.com/ to secure the low rate before the price increases on 3 September, 2016. This year's agenda is the result of working with industry leaders to design a program that speaks to the industry today but also addresses the opportunities and challenges for the future. This collaboration has led to an agenda comprising case studies and best practices across multiple disciplines in market research. Keynotes scheduled for the two-day event will focus on predicting the future, successfully preparing for change and embracing innovation. Dedicated track discussions will deal with awareness, insight and establishing new market intelligence. To see more of the agenda or to register, go to: http://pharmamarketresearchconference.com/ International pharma companies participating include: A+A, Actelion Pharmaceuticals, AgNovos Healthcare GmbH, Boehringer Ingelheim, Cello Health Insight, Elanco, Evaluate, eye square GmbH, Fast Forward, Free University of Berlin, GlaxoSmithKline, Janssen, Jazz Pharmaceuticals, Lifescience Dynamics, Linde AG, M Health, Merz Pharmaceuticals, Merck MSD, Pfizer, Research Partnership, Seacross Pharmaceuticals, Shire, SKIM, Teva Pharmaceuticals, Verilogue, Vifor Fresenius Medical Care Renal Pharma and many more! The Pharma Market Research Conference is the premier gathering of senior-level pharmaceutical, biotechnology, medical device, and diagnostics executives in market research. Nowhere else will you find the industry's finest all under one roof. For more information, go to: http://pharmamarketresearchconference.com/, email info@pharmamarketresearchconference.com, or call +1-212-228-7974. End Source : Pharma Market Research Conference Email : ***@pharmamarketresearchconference.com Listed Under- Tags : Pharma, Market Research, Biotech Industry : Medical Location : Berlin - Berlin - Germany A/C Email Vfyd: | A/C Phone Vfyd: Disclaimer   Report Abuse Pharma CI Conference PRs Pharma Market Research Conference Embraces Innovation, Integration Groundbreaking Agenda Set for Pharma CI Europe Conference & Exhibition European Pharma Market Research Conference 2016: More Innovation, More Companies, More Connections Berlin Set to Host Best Pharma Market Research Conference One Week Away! The 2016 Pharma CI Conference & Exhibition Trending News Flex Class Holdings Inc. Is Testing Waters : Equity Crowdfunding On Charts Canines-N-Kids Foundation's #Giving Tuesday Features Matching Donations from Petco Foundation Personal Home Care, LLC Announces the Acquisition of Being There Senior Care, LLC BASYS Releases 2nd Video in Merchant Services Bank Education Series DePaul Students make a difference in the lives of Native Americans Top Daily News CENTURY 21 Veterans Makes management Staff Appointment - 485 views N.Y. Patients, Providers, Lawmakers To Governor Cuomo:Take Final "Step" To Protect Patient Health - 379 views VR aviation company FlyInside Inc. releases FlyInside XP: virtual reality support for X-Plane 10 - 263 views AKC Christmas Light Up Dog Sweaters Available on Groupon for Black Friday! - 245 views The 2016 Z-Man ElaZtech Exclusive - 211 views Top Weekly News Saint Mary's School names Brendan J. O'Shea 14th Head of Saint Mary's School - 1755 views 2016 Denver Christkindl Market Brings European Charm to Downtown Denver - 1359 views Sean Stapleton named as new CEO of DealerTeamwork - 909 views Katie Donovan joins DealerTeamwork Executive Team as CCO - 752 views FanDraught Sports Brewery Receives Crowdfunding Green Light from State of Colorado - 721 views PTC News First Bancorp Of Indiana, Inc. Announces Quarterly Cash Dividend - 572 views Fisher, Felton, Lloyd, Amell Top Celebrities At Wizard World New Orleans, January 6-8, 2017 - 309 views Dexter Cast to Make First Ever Appearance Together At Wizard World Comic Con Cleveland, St. Louis - 292 views Dave Bautista (WWE Superstar Batista), Finn Bálor Blast Into Wizard World Comic Con New Orleans - 225 views PM&E Inc. Is Pleased To Announce a Purchase Order for an EVADA A4 Ambulance - 206 views Mobile | Home | Latest Press Releases | Get Feeds | Get Alerted | For Bloggers | PR Newswire Distribution | Privacy | TOS | Contact | Copyright | About
