null
Never miss a great news story! Get instant notifications from Economic Times AllowNot now You can switch off notifications anytime using browser settings. SECTIONS ET APPS ET Android AppET iPhone AppET iPad AppET Wealth Android AppET Blackberry AppET Nokia AppET Markets Android AppET Markets iPhone AppET Money Android App ENGLISH हिन्दीગુજરાતી SIGN-IN FOLLOW US FACEBOOKTWITTERYOUTUBELINKEDINGOOGLE PLUSRSS Home Budget 2017MarketsNewsIndustrySmall BizPoliticsWealthMF TechJobsOpinionBlogsNRIMagazinesSlideshowsET NOWSpeedET Portfolio News Company Industry Economy AgricultureFinanceForeign TradeIndicatorsInfrastructurePolicy Politics and Nation Brandwire BFSITechConstructionServicesEntertainmentPublic PolicyIndustrial Goods & ServicesAutoMisc. Defence Equipment & OrdnanceMultimediaAnalysis & Geo-StrategyInternal SecurityIndustryInternationalPolicy & GovtMobility & WeaponsPeopleCommunication & Cyber International BusinessWorld News India Unlimited Swachh BharatMake in IndiaSmart Cities24X7 PowerModel VillagesFinancial InclusionTax ReformsDigital GovernanceVisit IndiaCSRCSR CompendiumNewsPolicyAnalysis & TrendsInitiatives More SportsScienceEnvironmentClean Air InitiativeGlobal WarmingThe Good EarthDevelopmental IssuesFlora & FaunaPollutionWild & WackyEarth SummitET TVLatest NewsMost ReadMost SharedMost Commented Corporate TrendsDeals ET Home›News›Company›Deals 04:05 PM | 27 Janmarket stats SENSEX 27,882174.32 NIFTY 50 8,64138.50 GOLD (MCX) (Rs/10g.) 28,360-25.00 USD/INR 68.03-0.05 Portfolio Loading... Select Portfolio and Asset Combination for Display on Market Band Select Portfolio Select Asset Class Stocks MF ETF Show More CREATE PORTFOLIO ADD INVESTMENT Download ET MARKETS APP Get ET Markets in your own language DOWNLOAD THE APP NOW +91 CHOOSE LANGUAGE ENG ENG - English HIN - हिन्दी GUJ - ગુજરાતી MAR - मराठी BEN - বাংলা KAN - ಕನ್ನಡ ORI - ଓଡିଆ TEL - తెలుగు TAM - தமிழ் Sensex rallies 174 points, Nifty50 tops 8,640; ICICI Bank top gainer Drag according to your convenience ET NOW RADIO ET NOW TIMES NOW Zydus Cadila acquires six brands from Merck India By ET Bureau | Updated: Dec 29, 2016, 12.03 AM IST Post a Comment READ MORE ON » zydus healthcare ltd | Zydus Healthcare | Zydus Cadila | Zydus | world | sustanon | Sharvil Patel The deal includes transfer of distribution and commercialisation rights and assignment of trademarks of all the six brands to Zydus Healthcare Ltd in India, the Ahmedabad-based company said. RELATED COMPANIES EXPAND ADD TO Portfolio Watchlist OUTLOOK? +ve -ve Zydus x Loading data... ChartsValuation & Peer ComparisonCommunity Buzz Close ✕ Merck x Loading data... ChartsValuation & Peer ComparisonCommunity Buzz Close ✕ Cadila x Loading data... ChartsValuation & Peer ComparisonCommunity Buzz Close ✕ Budget 2017: This Budget could be the toughest test of Modi's life. Read about it in our Budget 2017 coverage NEW DELHI: Ahmedabad-based drug maker Zydus Cadila has acquired six brands from the Indian unit of US pharmaceutical giant Merck for an undisclosed amount. Zydus in a release late on Wednesday said it has acquired Deca-Durabolin, Durabolin, Sustanon, Multiload, Sicastat and Axeten range from Merck Sharp and Dohme (MSD). The acquired portfolio clocked in sales of Rs 84 crore in 2015, it said. The brands fall in men’s and women’s health, wound management and cardiovascular therapy segments. ET had reported in August that MSD was looking to sell a range of products as part of a rationalisation drive that would see sharper focus on select core brands. Its deal with Zydus includes transfer of distribution and commercialisation rights as well as assignment of trademarks of all the six brands to Zydus Healthcare Ltd in India. Organon (India), one of the legal subsidiaries through which MSD operates in India, has also transferred the distribution and commercialisation rights for Deca-Durabolin and Durabolin for Nepal to Zydus. The acquisition is expected to strengthen Zydus’ portfolio in key therapeutic segments. “We look at this as a great opportunity to strengthen our core offerings to create value and growth,” Zydus Healthcare chairman Sharvil Patel said. The drug maker’s share prices closed 0.20% higher at Rs 350.45 on the BSE. Stay on top of business news with The Economic Times App. Download it Now! FROM AROUND THE WEB Save this IIT aspirant from Kidney Failure! Milaap 10 people most affected by Modi’s anti-black money campaign CRITICSUNION Lodha Palava Smart city @Kalyan Shil Rd 1,2&3 bhk @37lac+ Lodha Palava Smart City Mumbai MORE FROM ECONOMIC TIMES Cisco to buy AppDynamics for $3.7 billion in growth push Air Force One - Perks of being the US President Australian Open: Roger Federer still the swiss king READ MORE ON » zydus healthcare ltd | Zydus Healthcare | Zydus Cadila | Zydus | world | sustanon | Sharvil Patel To post this comment you must Log In/Connect with:Indiatimes Network or Fill in your details: Will be displayed Will not be displayed Will be displayed Share this Comment:Post to Twitter Have something to say? Post your comment To post this comment you must Log In/Connect with:Indiatimes Network Fill in your details: Will be displayed Will not be displayed Will be displayed Share this Comment:Post to Twitter Most Read Most Shared Most Commented Trump win pushes recession back five months, says Deutsche Bank Uneasy over Trump's hardline stance, China steps up preparedness for military conflict with US With little room to beat cash ban gloom with Budget goodies, Modi faces his toughest economics test yet US thought India will capture PoK after Bangladesh war: CIA From Jack Ma to Kim Jong Un, five areas where Donald Trump needs China More » Get a Quote Browse CompaniesABCDEFGHIJKLMNOPQRSTUVWXYZ|123456789 Browse Mutual FundsABCDEFGHIJKLMNOPQRSTUVWXYZ The Economic Times Live Market News Portfolio Mobile Live TV Newsletter Commodities Speed QnA Blogs Alerts RSS Other Times Group news sitesTimes of India|इकनॉमिक टाइम्स ઈકોનોમિક ટાઈમ્સ|Mumbai Mirror Times Now|Indiatimes नवभारत टाइम्स|महाराष्ट्र टाइम्स ವಿಜಯ ಕರ್ನಾಟಕ|Lifehacker Gizmodo|Eisamay|IGN India NavGujarat Samay Living and entertainmentTimescity|iDiva|Zoom| Luxpresso|Gaana|Happytrips| Cricbuzz|Get Smartapp Networkingitimes|MensXP.com Hot on the WebUnion Budget|Income Tax calculator Income Tax Slabs|Budget 2017 UP & Punjab Assembly Elections 2017|BUDGET 2017-What's Cheaper & Expensive Sensex, Nifty Live Servicesads2book|Gadgetsnow|Free Business Listings Simplymarry|Astrospeak|Timesjobs|Magicbricks|Zigwheels|Timesdeal| dineout|Filmipop|Remit2india|Gaana|Greetzap|Techradar|Alivear| Google Play | Manage Notifications About us/Advertise with us/Terms of Use & Grievance Redressal/Privacy Policy/Feedback/Sitemap/Code of Ethics//Disclaimer Copyright © 2017 Bennett, Coleman & Co. Ltd. All rights reserved. BACK TO TOP Digg Google Bookmarks StumbleUpon Reddit Newsvine Live Bookmarks Technorati Yahoo Bookmarks Blogmarks Del.icio.us ApnaCircle Mail This Article My Saved ArticlesSign inSign up Find this comment offensive? Choose your reason below and click on the Report button. This will alert our moderators to take actionName Reason for reporting:Foul languageSlanderousInciting hatred against a certain communityOthers Your Reason has been Reported to the admin.
Primary Menu About TCN Contact Secondary Menu Local News Health Science Business Entertainment Sports Technology Search You Are Here: Home → Is Merck & Co., Inc. (NYSE:MRK), a large market cap stock a smart buy? Is Merck & Co., Inc. (NYSE:MRK), a large market cap stock a smart buy? Terrie Colard December 31, 2016 0 Comment (NYSE:MRK), Drug Manufacturers - Major, Healthcare, Inc., Merck & Co., MRK, NYSE With a market cap of 162835.86, Merck & Co., Inc. (NYSE:MRK) has a large market cap size. Merck & Co., Inc. (NYSE: MRK) has been on the stock market since its IPO date on the 1/2/1970. Merck & Co., Inc. is in the Drug Manufacturers – Major industry and Healthcare sector. Average volume for Merck & Co., Inc., is 10769.03, and so far today it has a volume of 5477089. Performance year to date since the 1/2/1970 is 15.39%. To help you determine whether Merck & Co., Inc. (NYSE:MRK) is undervalued the following values will help you decide. P/E is 30.03 and forward P/E is 15.31. PEG perhaps more useful shows that Merck & Co., Inc. has a value for PEG of 4.54. P/S ratio is 4.08 and the P/B ratio is 3.73. The P/Cash and P/Free cash flow is 12.37 and 242.68 respectively. At the current price Merck & Co., Inc. (NYSE:MRK) is trading at, 58.69 (-0.59% today), Merck & Co., Inc. has a dividend yield of 3.18%, and this is covered by a payout ratio of 92.90%. Earnings per share (EPS) is 1.97, and this is looking to grow in the next year to 1.90% after growing -61.60% this past year. EPS growth quarter over quarter is 21.80%, and 4.60% for sales growth quarter over quarter. The number of shares outstanding is 2758.06, and the number of shares float is 2751.68. The senior management bring insider ownership to 0.04%, and institutional ownership is at 74.50%. The float short is 0.77%, with the short ratio at a value of 1.98. Management has seen a return on assets of 5.60%, and also a return on investment of 6.40%. The ability for Merck & Co., Inc., to deal with debt, means it current ratio is 1.9, and quick ratio is 1.6. Long term debt/equity is 0.54 and total debt/equity is 0.57. In terms of margins, Merck & Co., Inc. has a gross margin of 64.50%, with its operating margin at 19.60%, and Merck & Co., Inc. has a profit margin of 13.80%. The 52 week high is -9.65%, with 26.30% being its 52 week low. The 20 day simple moving average is -3.42% and the 200 day simple moving average is 0.65%. Disclaimer: Remember there is a risk to your investment, this is not a recommendation, nor personal advice, never invest more than you are able too loose.   Share This Post You might also like: Is T-Mobile US, Inc. (NASDAQ:TMUS), a large market cap stock a smart buy? Is BP p.l.c. (NYSE:BP), a large market cap stock a smart buy? Is CBS Corporation (NYSE:CBS), a large market cap stock a smart buy? Is Workday, Inc. (NYSE:WDAY), a large market cap stock a smart buy? Post Comment Cancel reply Comment Name * Email * Website Notify me of follow-up comments by email. Notify me of new posts by email. Safe Loan! © Copyright 2016
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login MENU Latest Stock Picks News Investing News Fool Podcasts Guides How to Invest Retirement Personal Finance Motley Fool Answers Options Trading Find a Broker Compare IRA Accounts ETF - Exchange Traded Funds Community Discussion Boards CAPS More About Help My Fool My Fool My Profile My Watchlist My Scorecard My Boards My CAPS My Reports My Subscriptions My Settings Premium Advice My Services None Other Services None Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Search Search: 3 Biggest Risks for Bristol-Myers Squibb in 2017 What potential dangers lurk for Bristol-Myers Squibb in the new year? Keith Speights (TMFFishBiz) Jan 1, 2017 at 11:01AM From a financial standpoint, 2016 was terrific for Bristol-Myers Squibb (NYSE:BMY). Revenue jumped more than 25% year over year in the first three quarters. Earnings more than doubled. Can the big drugmaker perform as well in 2017? Here are three of the biggest risks that Bristol-Myers Squibb faces in the new year.  Image source: Bristol-Myers Squibb.  Opdivo letdown Despite all of the impressive financial numbers in 2016, Bristol's share price fell by a double-digit percentage. The primary culprit in the disappointing stock performance was the release in August of late-stage clinical study results for cancer drug Opdivo. In this study, Opdivo failed to meet the primary endpoint of progression-free survival in patients with previously untreated advanced non-small cell lung cancer. Merck (NYSE:MRK), on the other hand, reported positive results in June from a late-stage study of its Keytruda as a first-line treatment of non-small cell lung cancer in patients with high PD-L1 expression. Although Opdivo has generated stronger sales so far than Keytruda, that could change in 2017. Merck now appears to be in the driver's seat in the lucrative lung cancer market. Bristol-Myers Squibb's strategy is to grow sales for Opdivo by combining it with other drugs. That approach could very well pay off. However, there's a real risk that Opdivo might be upstaged by Keytruda in the new year.  Current lineup losses Bristol-Myers Squibb needs all the growth it can get from Opdivo and other drugs like blood thinner Eliquis. Sales are slipping for several of its biggest moneymakers from the past. Abilify lost patent protection in 2015. As a result, sales for the antipsychotic drug plunged 86% year over year in the first three quarters of 2016. Bristol's group of mature drugs that have already lost patent exclusivity saw sales drop 20% during the same period. The company is also feeling pain from its antiviral products, which combined for more than a quarter of Bristol's total revenue in the first three quarters of 2016. Sales were down year over year by double-digit percentages for hepatitis B drug Baraclude and HIV drugs Reyataz and Sustiva. The only bright spot in the antiviral lineup came from Bristol's hepatitis C franchise, with sales climbing 18% from the prior-year period. This downtrend for drugs losing patent protection isn't likely to end in 2017. There probably won't be a significant bounce for Bristol's antiviral drugs, either. The risk for the company is that these losses from its current product lineup put a big dent in gains from newer drugs. Pipeline setbacks The disappointing late-stage study results for Opdivo illustrate just how much of a negative impact a pipeline setback can have. Bristol-Myers Squibb's pipeline includes several phase 3 clinical trials that could make a difference for the company in 2017. A combination of Opdivo and Yervoy is being evaluated in treating melanoma. Final data for the primary outcome measure of this study is expected to be collected in April 2017. Another late-stage study of this combo regimen in treating melanoma is also underway, with final data collection for the primary outcome scheduled to be completed in October. Final data for the primary outcome from yet another study of Opdivo in treating advanced liver cancer is expected in July 2017. Outside of exploring potential additional indications for current drugs on the market, Bristol-Myers Squibb has a pretty slim late-stage pipeline. That could put the company's phase 2 candidates more in the spotlight. The danger is that there is more risk of failure with these experimental drugs that aren't as far along in the development process. Weighing the risks How big is the threat to Bristol-Myers Squibb's stock performance in 2017 from these three risk factors? While Opdivo might not reach the peak sales level that some had predicted, the drug should still remain a huge winner. I think the negative implications of the disappointing late-stage study results are already baked into Bristol's share price, so an Opdivo letdown probably doesn't present a huge risk in the new year. The sliding sales for several of the company's existing drugs aren't a surprise to anyone. I suspect the real danger is that Bristol's hepatitis C drugs don't perform as well in 2017 as they did in 2016. Still, though, my guess is that any underwhelming numbers wouldn't be enough to derail Bristol's stock. That leaves pipeline setbacks. If any of the late-stage Opdivo clinical studies currently in progress flop, 2017 will likely be a horrible year for Bristol-Myers Squibb. I see this as the biggest risk for the company. However, my view is that Bristol is probably right that Opdivo will prove successful in combination with other drugs.  Overall, I think the company will enjoy continued financial success in the new year. I'm not as confident that the stock will experience a huge rebound, though.  Keith Speights has no position in any stocks mentioned. The Motley Fool has no position in any of the stocks mentioned. Try any of our Foolish newsletter services free for 30 days. We Fools may not all hold the same opinions, but we all believe that considering a diverse range of insights makes us better investors. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author Keith Speights (TMFFishBiz) Keith began writing for the Fool in 2012 and focuses primarily on healthcare investing topics. His background includes serving in management and consulting for the healthcare technology, health insurance, medical device, and pharmacy benefits management industries. Follow @keithspeights Article Info Jan 1, 2017 at 11:01AM Health Care Stocks Merck and Co. NYSE:MRK $61.75 up $0.55 (0.90%) Bristol-Myers Squibb NYSE:BMY $47.74 up $0.92 (1.96%) Read More 3 Great Dividend Stocks in the Bargain Bin for Retirees 3 Beaten-Up Healthcare Stocks: Are They Bargains? 2016's Worst Clinical Failures After Opdivo's Failure, Is Merck a Better Buy Than Bristol-Myers? The Scariest Thing About Bristol-Myers Squibb's Dividend Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Terms of Use Privacy Policy Accessibility Policy Copyright, Trademark and Patent Information Terms and Conditions © 1995 - 2017 The Motley Fool. All rights reserved. Current 3 Biggest Risks for Bristol-Myers Squibb in 2017 @themotleyfool #stocks $MRK, $BMY
Place an advert Buy a photo Crosswords Like us Follow us Login Register  ° Site Search Phrase News Sport What's On Jobs Property Motors Directory Notices Buy&Sell Dating Subscribe ALL Crime Education Business Health Politics Letters Transport Community Barnstaple News Reader letter: Actavis and pricing of hydrocortisone tablets By North Devon Journal  |  Posted: January 01, 2017   0 COMMENTS   SHARES Reader letter: Actavis and pricing of hydrocortisone tablets Reader letter: Actavis and pricing of hydrocortisone tablets X Share Tweet Share Pin It Email Copy link to paste in your message / Reader letter: Actavis and pricing of hydrocortisone tablets Ryan Lewis, 20, pleads not guilty to £70 theft and... 1 Barnstaple man Stephen Lucas appears in court accused of... 1 Drunk man Nicolas Cusden headbutted partner as she checked... 1 Comments (0) WE printed the following letter in this week's paper. What do you think of the letter writer's opinions? AS a retired pharmaceutical physician (a doctor working in the pharmaceutical industry), I was saddened to read your article on your website relating to the Competition and Markets Authority's allegation that Actavis UK has broken competition law by raising the price of 10mg hydrocortisone tablets from 70p to £88 over eight years, a price increase of more than 12,000%. Merck, Sharp and Dohme, the previous owners of hydrocortisone, would have kept the price artificially low because of the complexities of the prescription pricing system in the UK. It was therefore perfectly justified for Actavis to increase the price on acquisition as it would have had to set up manufacturing and ongoing monitoring of the product throughout its lifetime. However, there can be absolutely no clinical or pharmaceutical justification for such a huge price increase. This price increase is unethical, immoral and profiteering at the expense of the monopoly customer the NHS. Hydrocortisone is a vital replacement therapy for those patients unfortunate enough to suffer from primary, secondary or acute adrenocortical insufficiency, sometimes known as Addison's disease. With the NHS under severe budgetary pressures, such profiteering means that other treatments may not be affordable or delayed and thus it has an adverse effect on patients and the taxpayer. Dr Richard Tiner, Shebbear Read next: Reader letter: Take your health spin elsewhere READER'S LETTER: New Lidl junction in Bideford 'accident waiting to happen' Return to the Journal homepage or read more local news. Stay in touch with the latest business news headlines for North Devon, plus the weather, the latest traffic and travel news, and sport, entertainment and crime updates. Report this article Read more from North Devon Journal Most Recent Most Commented Ryan Lewis, 20, pleads not guilty to £70 theft and driving... Barnstaple man Stephen Lucas appears in court accused of... Drunk man Nicolas Cusden headbutted partner as she checked on... North Devon MP blasts Donald Trump for being "distasteful&qu... Questions raised about North Devon Theatres' meeting at Cedars... REVEALED: Plans for Braunton to Barnstaple railway link Do you have something to say? Leave your comment here... max 4000 characters Comments Newest Oldest Best Rated YOUR COMMENTS AWAITING MODERATION Send me jobs by email Hot Jobs BOOKING OFFICE ASSISTANT Salary : Good Customer Field Sales Account Manager Salary : Competitive Agricultural Sales Person Salary : Competitive Tractor Driver Salary : Competitive FOSTER CARERS Salary : £420.00 ROSTERING OFFICER Salary : £20,035 rising to £23,867 Teacher of Physics Salary : TBC Supermarket Trolley Repairer Salary : £45,000 Machinist CNC/ Manual Salary : Top Salary Customer Services Assistant Salary : £15,596 - £19,056 Preschool Leader Salary : Negotiable Technical Officer Salary : £27,160 - £31,460 per Annum Experienced Aircraft Engine Mechanics Salary : Salary to be discussed dependent on experience Live In Carer Salary : £90 - £110 per day Gas Safe Technician Salary : Competitive Chief Executive Salary : c£100,000pa Administrator Salary : Negotiable - depending on experience Product support officer Salary : £14k-£20k Civil & Mechanical Engineering Operatives Salary : competitive ‘Progeny’ Mental Health Trainer Salary : £25,298 per annum pro rata (£15,383.91) for 22.5 hours per week Show your pictures Upload your pictures and share with the community! × Report Abuse Name * Email * What is the primary reason you are reporting this message as abusive? General Abuse Profanity Explicit Content Impersonation Harassment Libel Racial Abuse Religious Abuse Spam Private Information Additional Comments? Cancel Report Abuse Related Links News Business Crime Politics Entertainment Education Health Transport Have Your Say Polls Sport Football Rugby Cricket Angling Athletics Equestrianism Other Sports Picture Galleries Our Site Video Jobs Dating Letters Corrections and Clarifications How to Complain Promotions Buy and Sell Notices Buy a Photo Cars Property Classifieds Places Shopping Estate Agents Restaurants Health and Beauty Hotels and Travel Attractions Pubs and Bars Hairdressers Sport and Leisure Services Tradesmen Business Services Motoring Builders and Construction Gardening Education Plumbers Legal Services Taxis and Vehicle Hire Copyright © 2017 Local World. All Rights Reserved. Contact Us Privacy & Cookies Terms & Conditions House Rules
Sections Nightly News MSNBC Meet the Press Dateline Today Search Search Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on Google Plus Email page link Secondary Navigation Sections U.S. World Local Politics Investigations Health Mach Tech Science Pop Culture Lifestyle Business Weather Sports Latino Asian America NBCBLK NBC OUT Top Ongoing Columbine: 15 Years Later San Bernardino Shooting TV Nightly News Meet The Press Dateline Today Featured NBC News VR College Game Plan Data Points Inspiring America Long Story Short 101 Show Me Flashback 30 Seconds to Know Debunker Multimedia Video Photo More From NBC Sports CNBC MSNBC.com NBC.com NBC Learn Re/Code Peacock Productions Next Steps for Vets Parent Toolkit NBC News works best with JavaScript turned on Feedback advertisement advertisement Storyline Ebola Virus Outbreak Health Ebola Virus Outbreak Dec 23 2016, 9:57 am ET Ebola Vaccine Works, Study Shows by Maggie Fox Share Share Tweet Share Comment Email Print advertisement An experimental Ebola vaccine completely protected people from the killer virus at the end of the west African epidemic, researchers report. They used the same strategy that was used to eradicate smallpox in the 1970s. Called ring vaccination, it calls for vaccinating people who have been in contact with patients, and contacts of contacts. Doctor Francis Kateh from Redemption Hospital volunteering to receive a trial vaccine against Ebola at Redemption Hospital on the outskirts of Monrovia. ZOOM DOSSO / AFP - Getty Images file It worked, the team led by the World Health Organization found. "Vaccine efficacy was 100 percent," they wrote in their report, published in Friday's issue of the Lancet medical journal. "While these compelling results come too late for those who lost their lives during West Africa's Ebola epidemic, they show that when the next Ebola outbreak hits, we will not be defenseless," said WHO's Dr. Marie-Paule Kieny, who led the trial. Related: Experimental Vaccine Could Stop Ebola It's not a surprise - researchers had been working on an Ebola vaccine for years but because the virus only usually caused occasional, small outbreaks, it was hard to test it. “Vaccine efficacy was 100 percent.” Plus no governments or companies had invested the time or money needed to develop a vaccine. Then the epidemic started in Guinea, Sierra Leone and Liberia in late 2013. By the time it was completely stopped earlier this year, it had infected 28,000 people and killed more than 11,000 of them. Researchers rushed several vaccines into production. This vaccine was developed by the Public Health Agency of Canada, which licensed it to a company called NewLink Genetics. Pharma giant Merck & Co. bought the license and is making it. Related: Ebola Vaccine Trials Offer Hope It uses an animal virus called vesicular stomatitis virus (VSV). The virus is harmless to people. Vaccine makers genetically engineered it to carry a little piece of Ebola DNA to stimulate an immune response. Experts including Dr. Donald A. Henderson of John Hopkins University, who helped led the campaign to eradicate smallpox, designed a ring vaccination trial. Henderson died in August. By the time all this work was done, the epidemic was waning. It's hard to test a vaccine if disease is not spreading, but the international team tried it out in a coastal region of Guinea where Ebola cases were still being reported. Related: Experimental Ebola Shot Looks Good The virus spreads by direct contact, either between people or with bodily fluids such as blood from someone very ill with Ebola, or who has died from it. The researchers tracked down every person who may have been in contact with a case, including family members and friends. Then they found people who had been in contact with those people. Each of these "rings" ended up including about 80 people. “We are proud that we have been able to contribute to developing a vaccine that will prevent other nations from enduring what we endured.” Half got vaccine and half did not. The trial was stopped when it became clear that the vaccine was truly protecting people from infection, even after they'd been in direct contact with an Ebola victim. The Food and Drug Administration gave the vaccine breakthrough designation to allow quick licensing. GAVI, the Vaccine Alliance, has made a $5 million down payment to Merck to make sure the vaccine is available when it's next needed. Merck has promised to make 300,000 doses of the vaccine available for emergency use. "Ebola left a devastating legacy in our country. We are proud that we have been able to contribute to developing a vaccine that will prevent other nations from enduring what we endured," said Dr KeÏta Sakoba, coordinator of the Ebola response in Guinea. Maggie Fox Twitter Facebook Google Plus Topics Health news, Health news, Africa, World First Published Dec 23 2016, 9:57 am ET Next Story Ebola Might Not Make Some People Sick, Study Finds advertisement advertisement advertisement About Us Careers Contact Privacy Policy New Terms of Service nbcnews.com Site Map Advertise AdChoices © 2017 NBCnews.com
Skip to content SAT Press Releases PR Distribution Menu HOME Submit the press release Our Team & Contact Posted on December 31, 2016December 31, 2016 by Press Release International Business Times International Business TimesStock Market 2016 Performance: Dow Jones Closes Best Year Since 2013 As Investors Prepare For Trump PresidencyTakata Airbag Recall: US Justice Department May Settle Criminal Probe Over Exploding Inflators Early Next Year, Reports SayWho Is Tadashi Ishii? Japan’s Dentsu CEO Resigns After Employee’s Suicide Due To OverworkIs Your Money At Risk? Researcher Breaks Into German Smartphone-Only N26 BankWill Netflix Have Twice As Much CategoriessatPRnews Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Syria's cease-fire holding despite minor violations Next PostNext Financial Jobs Drop Slightly in November, Report Says Search Search for: Search Submit the press release now! Recent Posts Miramar Federal Credit Union Members Vote to Merge with PenFed January 28, 2017 CIBT Reports Director Election Results January 28, 2017 Slyce Inc. Announces Effective Date of Consolidation and Name Change January 28, 2017 Slyce Inc. Announces Effective Date of Consolidation and Name Change January 28, 2017 Advisory – Three unauthorized workout supplements – “Animal PM,” “Blade,” and “Rich Piana 5% Nutrition – 5150” – may pose serious health risks January 28, 2017 Miramar Federal Credit Union Members Vote to Merge with PenFed January 28, 2017 First Bancorp of Indiana, Inc. Announces Financial Results January 28, 2017 HIGH SURF ADVISORY – NORTH AND WEST MOLOKAI AND NORTH MAUI January 28, 2017 „Stan Mikita’s All-Star Café Presented by Honda” Announces Exciting Schedule During 2017 Honda NHL All-Star Weekend in Los Angeles January 28, 2017 Statement from Acting OMB Director Mark Sandy on Budgetary Impact Analysis for Executive Order Entitled “Enhancing Public Safety in the Interior of the United States” January 28, 2017 Proudly powered by WordPress
Premium News Sport Business Money Opinion Obituaries Travel Tech & Science Culture Film TV Lifestyle Fashion Luxury Cars Video Free Mobile App Jobs Financial Services Rewards Events Dating Offers Shop Garden Shop Bookshop Box Office Puzzles Fantasy Football Wine Shop Work at The Telegraph Log out My Account Subscribe Rewards Video Login Register Subscribe Rewards Video Log out Rewards My Account Video Home News Sport Business ALL SECTIONS Business Economy Companies Opinion Markets A-Z Alex Telegraph Connect Events More Telegraph Business The shares to bring cheer in 2017 Merlin Entertainment, which operates Legoland, is a share to watch this year Telegraph Reporters 31 December 2016 • 5:08pm From companies whose fortunes are forecast to change for the better, to others predicted to maintain success, Telegraph writers offer their tips for the year ahead. James Quinn: Morrisons Food inflation. Digital sales. Weak sterling. These are three reasons to avoid the UK grocery sector in 2017. There are probably many others. But that doesn’t mean it will all be doom and gloom for the supermarkets.Wm Morrison had a stellar 2016. Its shares rose 54pc. For that reason, one might consider avoiding the Bradford-based grocer this year. But that would be the wrong decision. For Morrisons has that most important of assets in investors’ eyes: momentum. Sure, shareholders have already spotted the turnaround being led by chief executive David Potts, but the turnaround should continue. William Morrisons Potts’s main focus has been returning Morrisons to a place where shoppers actually want to shop and the products are reasonably priced. He has also made bold moves through a tie-up with petrol forecourt operators, and renegotiated an existing delivery deal with Ocado. Nobody in the supermarket sector thinks 2017 will be easy – but as others struggle, Morrisons should continue to strengthen. You could do a lot worse than tucking the 118-year-old retailer away and watching it continue to grow. Morrisons should continue to strengthen in 2017 Credit: Joel Chant Ben Marlow: Merlin One event will loom larger than any this year and that’s the Government’s Brexit negotiations. Hard, soft, or cooked somewhere in the middle, Britain’s inevitable EU divorce is likely to have a big impact on most UK companies in 2017, good and bad. It is with this in mind that I am betting that Merlin, operator of some of the country’s most popular tourist attractions, will be one of the big beneficiaries of the political upheaval. It was a shocker of a year for the leisure giant following a high profile accident at its Alton Towers Park. The tragedy led to a £5m fine, a big hit to turnover, and has been largely responsible for a disappointing 3pc fall in the share price, so it may seem like an odd time for such a choice. Greater numbers of UK holidaymakers choosing to stay at home where Merlin has scores of top attractions However, the company is expected to bounce back in 2017, boosted by Brexit. There should be a double whammy from the slump in the pound: greater numbers of UK holidaymakers choosing to stay at home where Merlin has scores of top attractions, many with hotels, scattered across the country; and a flood of foreign tourists flocking to Merlin’s prime London attractions such as the Eye, Madame Tussauds, and Legoland. Then there are its impressive expansion plans. A string of major parks in top foreign destinations including America and Asia are in the works over the coming years, which should boost overseas earnings and reduce exposure to the suppressed pound. Its parks may be a favourite of thrill-seekers but Merlin may ensure a calmer ride for investors during this year’s nail-biting times. Merlin Christopher Williams:  BT Last year was a bad one for BT investors. Commercially, the company continued to perform well, adding broadband and television customers, and making its steps towards combining the EE mobile network with its own services. Yet BT shares fell by around a fifth as a combination of the EU referendum, a growing pension deficit and the company’s long-running battle over its infrastructure unit, Openreach, deterred investors. Given the economic shift online that now drives BT’s business shows no sign of slowing, this year ought to offer better returns. There is the potential for a deal with Ofcom in the first quarter which, although painful for BT, may calm investor nerves. The pension deficit should be helped by rising interest rates and gilt yields. The integration of EE will begin to give BT a real strategic advantage over its big rivals as mobile and fixed line connectivity converge. BT  has basic strengths that at the current share price offer an opportunity for January bargain hunters. There are risks, such as the ongoing auction of UEFA football rights and the expansion of Virgin Media’s cable network. Whatever happens with Ofcom, BT will face more competition on infrastructure. But the company has basic strengths that at the current share price offer an opportunity for January bargain hunters. BT Group Alan Tovey: Bunzl Being boring is normally considered a negative quality. However, in the case of outsourcer and distribution company Bunzl, boring is brilliant. That’s because the company, which supplies all the things that businesses need to run but don’t want to go through the hassle of sourcing themselves, has been consistent for a decade. By that I mean a compound annual growth rate of more than 10pc for an incredible 23 years – providing cups to coffee shops, swizzle sticks to cocktail bars and packing trays to supermarkets who use the FTSE 100 business as a one-stop shop for all the things they need to operate but which aren’t core to their business. Bunzl is also one of the most acquisitive companies around, steadily buying up smaller rivals that boost revenue. Chief executive Frank van Zanten is quick to point out that Bunzl is “no deal junkie” though, instead making its purchases to a tried and tested formula that has rarely gone wrong. The small nature of the purchases mean that should one blow up, the company isn’t betting the farm on each deal. With a price earnings ratio of around 20 times for 2016 and a dividend yield of 2.1pc, this steadiness is priced into the shares but the steady returns Bunzl delivers have to come at a price. Bunzl Marion Dakers: Begbies Traynor BAH, humbug. It seems deeply pessimistic to buy into a firm that thrives when others are going bust, yet insolvency and restructuring specialist Begbies Traynor has shown it can withstand all economic weathers. The Aim-listed firm, whose shares rose 15pc in the year to December 20, should have struggled over the past few years, as ultra-low interest rates and easy money from central banks helped to keep many ailing firms out of its reaches. But the firm has spent this fallow period for corporate failures expanding into property services, which now makes up 29pc of total revenues. With interest rates starting to rise again, insolvency rates are also expected to increase and Begbies is well positioned to benefit. Tim Wallace: Barclays With Britain facing a period of sluggish economic growth, betting on a bank may feel like a risky move. But investors in Barclays should have reason for optimism. While UK businesses have held off investing and reduced borrowing since the Brexit referendum, British households have remained very upbeat. Barclays should be able to capitalise on this as it is a leading player in the credit card market. Investors should be optimistic about Barclays in 2017 The second core factor is the bank’s position in the US, an economy which is expected to boom in the next 12 months as incoming president Donald Trump slashes taxes and embarks on a spending spree. Barclays should benefit from rising corporate investment. Its US credit card arm is also in line for a boost from a growth spurt. The bank has also removed some hazards, pulling out of a range of emerging markets, for example, just as those economies brace for turmoil in a world of higher interest rates. Jon Yeomans: Hummingbird Resources A bet on a gold miner is in a large part a bet on the price of gold, which has not performed well of late. The election of Donald Trump initially boosted the precious metal, in the expectation of heightened uncertainty, but the market has since decided that the president-elect poses less of a risk to stability. For anyone less sanguine, a gold miner that is advancing its project to production in 2018 may be an attractive opportunity – especially since gold stocks are not being replenished at a fast enough rate. Amid a plethora of junior miners clustered on Aim, Hummingbird Resources stands out: its $88m (£72m) Yanofila mine in Mali is now fully funded, after it raised $55m in debt last month, and $71m in equity last year. A gold miner that is advancing its project to production in 2018 may be an attractive opportunity Construction begins in April, with the first gold expected next December. In Mali, Hummingbird has a relatively stable jurisdiction and an experienced mining workforce. Founder Daniel Betts has a gold pedigree: his family business owns the oldest privately held bullion smelter in the UK. Hummingbird also has a tantalising option to develop a gold field in Liberia. Julia Bradshaw: AstraZeneca Pharmaceuticals have historically been considered a solid, defensive play in the world of share tipping. But with uncertainty over pricing and reimbursement, alongside spiralling R&D costs and falling returns, things might not seem as rosy as they once were. Nevertheless, healthcare still has much to offer. One opportunity is in AstraZeneca. This FTSE 100-listed pharmaceuticals giant has been busy reinventing itself over the past few years in a bid to bulk up its ailing pipeline and meet ambitious growth targets. It’s been a long slog, but Astra’s relentless focus on novel cancer drugs in the ground-breaking area of immuno-oncology has created a potentially lucrative portfolio of medications. AstraZeneca 1-year share price Admittedly, Astra is a pipeline play and the next 12 months, when several key studies are due to read out, will be make or break for the company. The risks are high, but early clinical trials have shown encouraging results. There’s also the dividend to consider: the shares are yielding more than 5pc. What’s more, they’ve de-rated over the past six months, and are now trading on just 13 times forward earnings, far cheaper than peers BTG, Novartis, GSK, Bristol-Myers Squibb and Merck. Buy. Ashley Armstrong: Fevertree Fevertree, the upmarket tonic water maker, has enjoyed tremendous success since listing in November 2014 with its value rocketing from its float price of 134p a share to trade at around £10.98. So it is with caution that I’m tipping it for 2017 as it’s unlikely the drinks company will repeat the same level of gains. However, there are a number of reasons why Fevertree can continue tracking higher. Firstly, the company has consistently outperformed expectations and the City is still failing to price in the boost it will get from new contract wins. Brits can be relied on to find solace in a stiff gin and tonic, even if the economy slows down. Secondly, it is cushioned from the pound’s weakness, exporting to 50 countries. The enthusiasm for artisanal gins saw liquor giant Suntory Beam swoop on Britain’s Sipsmith gin last month and if Fevertree’s march continues, it could well trigger takeover interest from a soft drinks giant. Lastly, even if the economy slows down, Brits can be relied on to find solace in a stiff gin and tonic. Ben Martin: Standard Chartered Standard Chartered, the emerging markets focused bank, proved a successful tip from my colleague Tim Wallace last year and rose 17.72pc, and I’m going to bet on it again. Of Britain’s biggest banks, its shares have the potential to rise the most. While it is headquartered in the UK, it does the majority of its business in Asia. As a result, it is unlikely to be hit by the potential UK economic downturn that could follow Brexit, setting it apart from rivals, which are heavily exposed to Britain. Stanchart Another reason to buy shares is its boss, Bill Winters. After taking the helm in 2015, he has raised $5.1bn (£4.1bn) from a rights issue, outlined plans to cut 15,000 jobs and scrapped its dividend. Quarterly results in November disappointed, but I believe its turnaround will start to bear fruit in 2017, although investors should be warned that Standard Chartered could be hit if incoming US president Donald Trump takes an aggressive stance towards China. Follow Telegraph Business READ MORE ABOUT: Banks and Finance FTSE 100 Legoland Equities Gold Barclays PLC Shares Morrisons Standard Chartered Mining industry AstraZeneca Show more Business latest 27 Jan 2017, 9:08pm Tesco to buy wholesaler Booker in £3.9bn deal to create 'UK's leading food business' 27 Jan 2017, 8:58pm Comment: Good start to the new strategy, Mrs May – now the work begins  Andrew Sentance Premium 27 Jan 2017, 8:46pm Comment: Tesco’s Booker bet on Brexit Britain    Allister Heath Premium 27 Jan 2017, 8:10pm Brussels bank capital plan criticised by Bank of England 27 Jan 2017, 5:58pm Food suppliers fear fresh pressure as Tesco swoops on Booker  27 Jan 2017, 5:54pm Why is Tesco buying Booker and what does it mean for shoppers? 27 Jan 2017, 5:43pm Countryside shares dip as majority investor offloads stake, while EasyJet and Pearson struggle 27 Jan 2017, 5:05pm Tesco clinching Booker's Charles Wilson is the biggest win of them all 27 Jan 2017, 3:47pm Shell to announce major retreat from North Sea with $3bn sale of assets to Chrysaor 27 Jan 2017, 1:17pm Alarm sounded over whether Britain can afford £178bn military spending plans 27 Jan 2017, 12:44pm US shale surge stalls weekly oil price gains 27 Jan 2017, 10:51am Alliance Trust to shrink by a quarter 27 Jan 2017, 10:25am Lending to buy-to-let landlords halves at Paragon as new rules take effect 27 Jan 2017, 9:30am BT profits dive in wake of Italian scandal 27 Jan 2017, 9:30am Stepping back from a company can be good for founders – and staff 27 Jan 2017, 9:17am Questor: you've built a portfolio yielding 5.2pc - now conquer the tax Premium 27 Jan 2017, 6:00am Hong Kong investor snaps up Paddington office block for almost £300m 26 Jan 2017, 10:58pm Alphabet shares fade as Google phone costs drag on profits 26 Jan 2017, 8:54pm Comment: It looks like the UK will defy its critics again this year Allister Heath Premium 26 Jan 2017, 8:30pm Comment: Focus on a job applicant’s potential, not their past  Mike Cherry Premium 26 Jan 2017, 8:03pm Comment: A trade deal with the US might be tempting, but at what price?  Juliet Samuel Premium If you would like to add a comment, please register or log in Register Log in Contact us Rewards Archive Reader Prints Advertising Syndication Guidelines Privacy Terms and Conditions Leave your feedback © Telegraph Media Group Limited 2017 Your support makes a big difference In order to bring you award-winning content and investigative journalism from your favourite writers, we rely on revenue generated by advertising. Please consider supporting us by turning off your ad blocker. Just a couple of clicks will make a big difference. Thank you. Need help? Click here for instructions Close
