
SUBSCRIBE NOWto get full access Home News Sports Business Things To Do NKY Cincinnati USA Obituaries xtras USA TODAY Archives Weather Icon Humidity Precip. Winds Open settings Settings Enter City, State or Zip Cancel Set Close settingsFull Forecast Apps Subscribe Advertise Media Jobs Homes Cars Retro Cincinnati Business Directory Classifieds Shopping Apartments Communities Member Guide USA TODAY NETWORK More Home News Sports Business Things To Do NKY Cincinnati USA Obituaries xtras USA TODAY Archives Weather Apps Subscribe Advertise Media Jobs Homes Cars Retro Cincinnati Business Directory Classifieds Shopping Apartments Communities Member Guide USA TODAY NETWORK Follow Search Firefly Hi Already a subscriber?Log in Subscribe today for full access on your desktop, tablet, and mobile device.Subscribe Now Already a print edition subscriber, but don't have a login?Activate your digital access. Manage your account settings.My Account View the E-Newspaper Manage your Newsletters View your Xtras! deals and more Member ID Card Log Out Get the newsLog In or Subscribe to skip Already a subscriber?Log in Subscribe today for full access on your desktop, tablet, and mobile device.Subscribe Now Already a subscriber, but don't have a login?Activate your digital access. TOP TRENDING x Share 8 Share This Story! Let friends in your social network know what you are reading about FacebookEmailTwitterGoogle+LinkedInPinterest City says MSD watchdog wastes money Councilman says county monitor team 'stinks;' county says it saves millions of dollars Post to Facebook City says MSD watchdog wastes money Councilman says county monitor team 'stinks;' county says it saves millions of dollars   Check out this story on cincinnati.com: http://cin.ci/2faTMww {# #} CancelSend Sent! A link has been sent to your friend's email address. Posted! A link has been posted to your Facebook feed. 1 Join the Conversation To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs Subscribe Today Log In Subscribed, but don't have a login?Activate your digital access. City says MSD watchdog wastes money Dan Horn , dhorn@enquirer.com 5:18 p.m. EST November 7, 2016 Buy Photo Metropolitan Sewer District headquarters in Cincinnati. (Photo: Enquirer file)Buy Photo The monitor team that's supposed to save money at the Metropolitan Sewer District is actually wasting it, Cincinnati officials said Monday. City Councilman Charlie Winburn led the charge against Hamilton County's monitoring team with a council hearing that featured MSD Director Gerald Checco complaining about the team and budget numbers showing the team has spent more than $4 million in each of the past two years. "Something stinks here and it isn't good," Winburn said. County officials, who oversee MSD's budget, say Winburn's numbers stink and his case against the monitoring team is weak. They say the team has saved far more money than it has cost and its budget is far less than the city claims. "There they go again," County Commissioner Chris Monzel said of city officials. "The monitor has been responsible for saving the ratepayers millions of dollars." The spat is the latest between the city, which runs MSD, and the county, which sets its budget, over how best to run the sewer district, which is managing a court-ordered, $3.2 billion sewer reconstruction project. Buy Photo Hamilton County Commissioner Chris Monzel  (Photo: Enquirer file) The disagreement shows just how far apart the city and county are these days when it comes to running the agency. Winburn and Checco said the monitor team spent $4.6 million last year and $4 million this year, but county officials say those numbers are bogus. The monitor team, led by Dave Meyer, says it actually spent $1.4 million and $1.2 million in those years. County Budget Director John Bruggen said the rest of the money cited by the city appears to include all county expenses related to MSD, including staff costs, legal expenses and other items. Bruggen said the $4.6 million figure for last year may be inflated because it includes almost three-fourths of the county's bills for the previous year, as well as all of 2015. Bruggen said that's because MSD didn't pay the county for those 2014 expenses and had to play catch-up in 2015. The bickering over the monitor comes months after articles in The Enquirer revealed poor oversight and millions of dollars in questionable contracts at MSD. City officials say they've fixed the agency's problems and don't need the county monitor team, which is made up of county employees and private contractors. Buy Photo Cincinnati City Councilman Charlie Winburn  (Photo: Enquirer file) Winburn, who is friends with some MSD contractors whose work has been challenged in recent months, has been a frequent critic of the monitor team. Checco has complained that the monitor team interferes with MSD operations and isn't accountable for its spending. But Monzel and county commissioners, who approve the monitor team's budget, say the team provides valuable oversight that routinely saves ratepayers money. Sewer rates have climbed from an average of about $250 a year to almost $1,000 in the past decade, largely because of the massive reconstruction project. The agreement that created MSD's unusual structure expires in 2018. City and county officials now are negotiating in federal court for a new agreement. 8 CONNECTTWEETLINKEDIN 1 COMMENTEMAILMORE Read or Share this story: http://cin.ci/2faTMww TOP VIDEOS Sam DuBose sister: 'This, to me, is murder' 1:30 Protests in Cincinnati after Ray Tensing mistrial 1:09 The day Ray Tensing's murder case was declared a mistrial: 'The world was watching Cincinnati' 3:46 DuBose family reacts to news of mistrial 1:35 Mistrial declared in Ray Tensing case 3:46 Tensing jury submits a question: Define 'arrest' 2:08 DuBose Fiancée still feels 'confident that a murder conviction will come' 0:48 Tensing jury can't agree on verdict, judge orders more deliberation 2:39 Bengals vs. Giants Week 10 Prediction 4:59 Most touching ways soldiers reunited with their family 1:17 Cincinnati.com Prep Sports 360 for Nov. 8 18:29 Jeff Ruby: 'I sense there is not going to be justice' for the DuBose family 2:18 Deters on Tensing crying on the stand: ‘The place to be upset... was after you just blew someone's brains out' 26:55 Defense makes its closing arguments in the Tensing Trial 41:26 Prosecution makes its closing arguments in the Tensing Trial 26:35 Donald Trump's unlikely path to presidency 2:01 Tensing: 'Oh my God, he's going to run me over, he's going to kill me' 12:03 Use-of-force expert: 'The actions of Ray Tensing were justified' 0:50 \u0022I can't wait to see Tensing on the stand\u0022 0:55 Cincinnati Police Criminalist: Tensing 'seemed nervous or afraid' 2:59 Crime lab: No evidence on Tensing’s boots that he was dragged 4:07 Alternate juror in Ray Tensing trial has been dismissed 1:24 Lakota East's Horter wins state cross country 2:58 Born in Cincinnati, celebrated around the world: An anthem that unites us 3:39 Division I volleyball regional semifinals 1:46 More Stories Woman used disabled mother's workers' comp for drugs Nov. 14, 2016, 4:32 p.m. Portune: Dems will set county budget Nov. 14, 2016, 4:53 p.m. DuBose family: 'Sam, we are fighting for you' Nov. 14, 2016, 3:21 p.m. Justice demands quick retrial for Tensing Nov. 14, 2016, 3:53 p.m.
null

Primary Menu About TCN Contact Secondary Menu Local News Health Science Business Entertainment Sports Technology Search You Are Here: Home → Drug Manufacturers – Major: Merck & Co., Inc. (NYSE:MRK) Position of the day Drug Manufacturers – Major: Merck & Co., Inc. (NYSE:MRK) Position of the day Danny Wiskinson November 7, 2016 0 Comment Drug Manufacturers - Major, Healthcare, Inc., Merck & Co., MRK, NYSE Outlined as the total market value of all unsettled shares of the company, the current market cap for the Merck & Co., Inc. (NYSE:MRK) Drug Manufacturers – Major is valued at 163790.76. The dominant statistics will authorize the investment community to govern the size of Merck & Co., Inc. compared to the sales or total assets figures. Consequently, investors will be able to grasp the rudimentary determinant of asset distribution and all kinds of risk-return parameters for stocks together with the stock mutual funds. Nevertheless, it is a common misunderstanding that a greater share price directs towards a larger company where stock price might also twist the definite worth of the organization. The current assessment for Merck & Co., Inc. NYSE:MRK Drug Manufacturers – Major on its PE ratio displays a value of 29.92 with a Forward PE of 15.13. Merck & Co., Inc. Drug Manufacturers – Major has a PEG of 4.74 alongside a PS value of 4.1 and a PB value of 3.75. Merck & Co., Inc. (NYSE:MRK) Drug Manufacturers – Major shows a Dividend Yield of 3.13% with a Payout Ratio of 69.90%. Merck & Co., Inc. Drug Manufacturers – Major holds an EPS of 1.97 that demonstrates an EPS growth this year at -61.60%. The growth for the next year comes down to 3.02%, and its growth for the last five years shows at 41.50%. Eventually, Merck & Co., Inc. Drug Manufacturers – Major exhibits an EPS value of 6.32% for the next five years. Sales growth in the quarter for Merck & Co., Inc. Drug Manufacturers – Major NYSE shows a value of 4.60% with Outstanding shares of 2784.61. Merck & Co., Inc. (NYSE:MRK) Drug Manufacturers – Major has a Current Ratio of *TBA with a Quick Ratio value of *TBA. The firm shows a 20-Day Simple Moving Average of -4.95% with a 200-Day Simple Moving Average of 4.09%. Its Day High was 4.09% and Day Low showed 0.91%. The 52-Week High shows -9.31% with a 52-Week Low of 25.62%. Merck & Co., Inc. (NYSE:MRK) Drug Manufacturers – Major has a current market price of 58.82 and the change is 0.67%. Its Target Price was fixed at *TBA at an IPO Date of 1/2/1970. At present, the Gross Margin for Merck & Co., Inc. MRK Drug Manufacturers – Major  is moving around at 64.40% alongside a Profit Margin of 13.80%. Performance week shows a value of -0.03%, and the Performance for the Month is valued at -6.13%. Volatility for the week appears to be 1.44% in conjunction with the Volatility for the month at 1.86%. Disclaimer:  Outlined statistics and information communicated in the above editorial are merely a work of the authors. They do not ponder or echo the certified policy or position of any business stakeholders, financial specialists, or economic analysts. Specimens laid down on the editorial above are only cases with information collected from various sources. The authority will not be liable for anyone who makes stock portfolio or financial decisions as per the editorial, which is based only on limited and open source. Share This Post You might also like: Is iShares Core S&P 500 (NYSE:IVV), a large market cap stock a smart buy? Is Infosys Limited (NYSE:INFY), a large market cap stock a smart buy? Is LinkedIn Corporation (NYSE:LNKD), a large market cap stock a smart buy? Is Applied Materials, Inc. (NASDAQ:AMAT), a large market cap stock a smart buy? Post Comment Cancel reply Comment Name * Email * Website Notify me of follow-up comments by email. Notify me of new posts by email. Safe Loan! © Copyright 2016
CLOSE Home Latest News Pakistan World Technology Sports Style Amazing Blogs Urdu Videos Home Latest News Pakistan World Technology Sports Style Amazing Blogs Urdu Videos Home Business Merck Divests Its Shareholding In Pakistan Business To Martin Dow Business Latest News Merck Divests Its Shareholding In Pakistan Business To Martin Dow By Web Desk - November 7, 2016 Share on Facebook Tweet on Twitter KARACHI: Germany’s Merck KGaA has executed a binding contract to divest its shareholding in Pakistan to Martin Dow Ltd., a leading pharmaceutical company in Pakistan. According to the detail issued to the media, both companies also agreed on long-term agreements whereby the business in Pakistan will have access to Merck healthcare and life science portfolios, ensuring continued supply of its products to its patients and customers. “We are convinced that Martin Dow will be a great partner who will ensure sustainable long-term growth of the Pakistan business,” Simon Sturge, chief operating officer of Merck’s healthcare business said. He added that the divestiture was due to strategic reasons. The Marker family, the founder of the business, will remain a shareholder along with Martin Dow and together, they will uphold the values and ethics that have been the hallmark for Merck’s valued employees, patients and other stakeholders. Under the new owners, Merck Pakistan will continue to operate as a separate legal entity, with the same employees. No operations will be shutdown and there will be no job termination as a result of this transaction, as Martin Dow is committed to continuing and growing the existing business. Martin Dow has also agreed on a two-year job guarantee for all permanent and contract employees. In addition, Merck will pay its employees a welcome bonus at closing. “We intend to build Merck’s outstanding record in Pakistan further and protect employees rights in the same manner as has been prevalent all these years in Merck,” Jawed Akhai, Chairman of Martin Dow said. “I am sure all employees and other stakeholders will take pride in the fact that they will now be an integral part of the country’s fastest growing pharmaceutical group.” SHARE Facebook Twitter tweet Web Desk TAGS Martin Dow Merck pharmaceutical company NO COMMENTS LEAVE A REPLY Cancel reply Latest News Wasim Akram mother’s residence robbed Web Desk - November 14, 2016 Japanese researchers discovers diabetics treatment November 14, 2016 Pakistan vs New Zealand Test to go ahead after earthquake November 14, 2016 Australia vs South Africa 2nd Test Day 3 full highlights November 14, 2016 Watch how Pakistan Army kills Indian soldiers at LoC November 14, 2016 What time is the Supermoon 2016 in US? November 14, 2016 Best time to see supermoon 2016 in UK November 14, 2016 Pakistan witnesses glimpse of supermoon 2016 November 14, 2016 Comilla Victorians vs Dhaka Dynamites Live Stream November 14, 2016 Monal sued for PKR 3 Million for order delay November 14, 2016 You May Also Like Youtube Downloader Youtube Downloader Developer - June 1, 2016 Previous News November 2016 M T W T F S S « Oct       1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 20 21 22 23 24 25 26 27 28 29 30   Popular News Thenewstribe Update: Top Five Stories of last week September 12, 2015 Rawalpindi Board Matric result 2016 announced July 20, 2016 Inquiry of motorway incident underway: ISPR September 12, 2016 When Fawad Khan proposed Sonakshi in IIFA Awards July 26, 2016 Links Home Latest News Pakistan World Technology Sports Style Amazing Blogs Urdu Videos ABOUT USTheNewsTribe.com is the largest independent and bilingual news website in Pakistan, Middle East, UK and United States. Contact us: [email protected] FOLLOW US Policies Disclaimer Advertisment Cookies Use Site Map Contact Us Jobs default HomePage – Default © All rights reserved. Powered By: Wishtehar

Home Ingredients Packaging Manufacturing Regulatory Finance Research Sectors Ingredients Packaging Manufacturing Regulatory Finance Research Regions Ingredients Packaging Manufacturing Regulatory Finance Research Events Ingredients Packaging Manufacturing Regulatory Finance Research Jobs Ingredients Packaging Manufacturing Regulatory Finance Research Directory Ingredients Packaging Manufacturing Regulatory Finance Research Search Merck opens pharma plant and plans to build life science services centre in China 7-Nov-2016 Life Science Centre in Nantong will offer Merck products and services for the pharma, biopharma and life sciences industries The Nantong Pharma Production site Science and technology company, Merck KGaA of Darmstadt, Germany inaugurated its 170m Nantong pharmaceutical plant, which is dedicated to producing high-quality pharmaceuticals on Chinas Essential Drug List. At the inauguration ceremony, Merck also announced a further investment of around 80m in a Life Science Centre near the Nantong pharma plant for the manufacture of high-purity inorganic salts, cell culture media products as well as ready-to-use media. With the latest investment of around 80m, Merck will have invested a total of 250m in its production value chain in China's healthcare sector. 'China is of strategic importance to us as a key driver of our sustainable growth. In line with our long-term commitment to China, we have always been dedicated to localising global expertise to make a meaningful difference to our patients and life science customers,' said Stefan Oschmann, Chairman of the Executive Board and CEO of Merck KGaA in Germany. 'Combining the strengths of our two business sectors Healthcare and Life Science, the Nantong site is a pioneering initiative to foster a comprehensive value chain that will create better access to health, enabling us to support Chinas evolving developmental and healthcare priorities.' The Nantong pharma manufacturing site will produce Merck brands for the treatment of the major chronic diseases diabetes, thyroid disorders and cardiovascular diseases (Glucophage, Euthyrox and Concor ). With the latest 90m investment, the facility will be able to achieve a production capacity of up to 10bn tablets a year by 2021. The planned Nantong life science centre The planned Life Science Centre will reinforce the leading position of Merck in inorganic salts for active pharma ingredients and excipients and cell culture media for the pharmaceutical, biopharma and healthcare markets in China as well as ready-to-use media for environmental and sterility testing. Merck said: 'Life Science plays a key role in providing innovative solutions that address some of Chinas most pressing manufacturing needs, from improving lab processes to developing innovative biomanufacturing processes. 'Life Sciences products, tools and expertise in water analytics and microbial testing enable us to make a valuable contribution to Chinas water treatment and waste management initiatives,' the company added. Companies Merck Group Subscriber Sign In email: password: Why subscribe? Related Articles Media fill simulations BioMed X and Merck start new project in cancer research University of Edinburgh licence agreement with life sciences giant supports further understanding of disease Sigma-Aldrich to provide Public Health England with NCTC/NCPF-certified reference materials Yokogawa and Tokyo Electron to develop a stem cell quality management system Lab M adds Pinnacle pre-poured plates to prepared media offering Parker domnick hunter introduces the PROPOR MR filter FDA streamlines sterility test requirements for biomedicines Heipha contact agar medium detects micro-organisms in isolators bioMerieux leads the field with plant isolate service bioMérieux introduces revolutionary LockSure plate technology Related Press Releases Merck Millipores microbial air samplers deliver improved functionality for pharmaceutical manufacturers Merck Millipore launches 'Design Your Steritest Pump' contest Lockable ICRplus settle plates suitable for use in cleanrooms and isolators Merck Millipore and VWR extend distribution agreement Related Jobs Ethiopia receives 14 million praziquantel tablets from Merck Merck appoints Maya Martinez-Davis as Global Head of Oncology Merck announces new biopharma heads for North America and China About Manufacturing Chemist Contact Us About HPCi Media Limited Terms and Conditions Privacy ^ Top
Skip to Content Search: All AllConsumerProfessionalPill IDInteractionsNewsFDA AlertsApprovalsPipelineClinical TrialsCare NotesEncyclopediaDictionaryNatural Products Browse all medications: a b c d e f g h i j k l m n o p q r s t u v w x y z Advanced Search Topics & Tools Facebook Twitter Google Plus Sign In Sign In Register Menu Close Account Sign In Register Now Drugs A-Z A-Z Drug Index Drugs by Condition Drugs by Class Generic Drugs OTC Drugs International Drugs Natural Products Veterinary Products Info en Español Drug Side Effects Dosage Guides Pregnancy Warnings Breastfeeding Warnings Pricing & Coupons Inactive Ingredients Advanced Search Phonetic Search Pill Identifier Interactions Checker News Q & A Pro Edition Apps More Videos Slideshows Mobile Apps Pricing & Coupon Guide Facebook Twitter Google Plus YouTube Home › News › Clinical Trials › Conatus... Print Share All News Consumer Pharma New Drugs Pipeline Clinical Trials FDA Alerts Conatus Initiates Phase 2b ENCORE-PH Clinical Trial of Emricasan in Patients with NASH Cirrhosis Tweet SAN DIEGO, Nov. 03, 2016 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- Conatus Pharmaceuticals Inc. (NASDAQ:CNAT) today announced the initiation of ENCORE-PH (PH for Portal Hypertension), a randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled, Phase 2b clinical trial evaluating emricasan, the company's first-in-class, orally-active pan-caspase inhibitor, in approximately 240 patients with compensated or early decompensated liver cirrhosis caused by nonalcoholic steatohepatitis (NASH), and severe portal hypertension confirmed by hepatic venous pressure gradient (HVPG) of ≥12 mmHg at baseline. This trial is designed to evaluate dosing, efficacy and safety of emricasan in NASH cirrhosis as an integral part of the company's initial registration strategy. Top-line results from the ENCORE-PH clinical trial are expected in 2018. The ENCORE-PH clinical trial is expected to be conducted at approximately 90 U.S. and EU clinical sites. Patients will be randomized 1:1:1:1 to receive 5 mg of emricasan, 25 mg of emricasan, 50 mg of emricasan, or placebo twice daily for 24 weeks. The primary endpoint is the mean change from baseline in HVPG at 24 weeks for each dosing group compared with the placebo group. Key secondary endpoints include safety and tolerability, dose response, and percentage of patients achieving at least a 20% reduction in HVPG. Additional key endpoints include initial or subsequent decompensation events, changes from baseline in Model for End-stage Liver Disease (MELD) and Child-Pugh scores, and health-related quality of life. Select sites will also investigate whether emricasan improves liver stiffness as measured by Fibroscan® transient elastography and liver metabolic function using the BreathID® Methacetin Breath Test at screening and at Week 24. "ENCORE-PH is a key component of our clinical strategy designed to support an initial registration of emricasan in NASH cirrhosis," said Conatus co-founder, President and Chief Executive Officer Steven J. Mento, Ph.D. "Portal hypertension, a major consequence of advancing liver cirrhosis, is a driving factor in clinical outcomes such as ascites and variceal hemorrhage, as well as liver failure and death. The primary endpoint, HVPG, has been identified as a validated surrogate endpoint potentially suitable for registration. Results released last year from our open label pilot Portal Hypertension clinical trial and results from preclinical studies have demonstrated emricasan's ability to reduce HVPG rapidly and significantly through both intrahepatic and extrahepatic mechanisms. We believe that chronic administration of emricasan, which would be supported by the longer treatment duration being evaluated in ENCORE-PH, will lead to additional benefits for cirrhosis patients." ENCORE-PH is one of the parallel EmricasaN, a Caspase inhibitOR, for Evaluation (ENCORE) clinical trials designed to evaluate emricasan treatment in chronic liver disease of different etiologies and disease stages. The ENCORE clinical trials are designed to provide clinically relevant efficacy, dosing, and safety data to support the initial registration of emricasan for chronic administration in patients with NASH cirrhosis and potentially support future label expansion. Results from the combined ENCORE clinical trials are expected to support the design of Phase 3 efficacy and safety trials and, depending on the strength of the efficacy and safety data, may warrant earlier discussions with regulatory agencies regarding potential accelerated approval. The ENCORE-NF clinical trial, in patients with NASH fibrosis, was initiated in January 2016. Conatus expects to initiate the remainder of the ENCORE clinical trials on a staggered basis through the first half of 2017 and expects top-line results from the ENCORE clinical trials to be available periodically beginning in the first half of 2018. About Emricasan Clinical Development To date, emricasan has been studied in over 650 subjects in sixteen clinical trials across a broad range of liver disease etiologies and stages of progression. In multiple clinical trials, emricasan has demonstrated statistically significant, rapid and sustained reductions in elevated levels of key biomarkers of inflammation and apoptosis that are implicated in the severity and progression of liver disease. Recent emricasan clinical trial results have demonstrated emricasan's ability to provide statistically significant improvements in clinically important validated surrogate endpoints of portal hypertension and liver function across a variety of etiologies in the subgroups of liver cirrhosis patients with highest medical need. The company also is evaluating emricasan's potential longer-term effects on liver structure in its ongoing Phase 2b ENCORE-NF clinical trial and its ongoing Phase 2b POLT-HCV-SVR clinical trial in post-orthotopic liver transplant (POLT) recipients who have reestablished liver fibrosis or cirrhosis post-transplant as a result of recurrent hepatitis C virus (HCV) infection and who have successfully achieved a sustained viral response (SVR) following antiviral therapy. About Conatus Pharmaceuticals Conatus is a biotechnology company focused on the development and commercialization of novel medicines to treat liver disease. Conatus is developing its lead compound, emricasan, for the treatment of patients with chronic liver disease. Emricasan is a first-in-class, orally active pan-caspase inhibitor designed to reduce the activity of enzymes that mediate inflammation and apoptosis. Conatus believes that by reducing the activity of these enzymes, emricasan has the potential to interrupt the disease progression across the spectrum of liver disease. For additional information, please visit www.conatuspharma.com. Forward-Looking Statements This press release contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. All statements other than statements of historical facts contained in this press release are forward looking statements, including statements regarding: anticipated enrollment and number of sites in the ENCORE-PH clinical trial; the use of the ENCORE-PH clinical trial as part of the company's initial registration strategy; the availability of top-line results from the ENCORE-PH trial in 2018; the potential use of HVPG as a validated surrogate endpoint for registration; the potential benefit in cirrhosis patients from chronic administration of emricasan; the ability of the ENCORE trials to provide data to support the initial registration of emricasan, to support future label expansion, and to support the design of Phase 3 trials; the ability of the ENCORE trials to warrant discussions with regulatory agencies regarding potential accelerated approval; the planned initiation of the ENCORE trials through the first half of 2017 and expected results beginning in the first half of 2018; and emricasan's potential to interrupt the disease progression across the spectrum of liver disease. In some cases, you can identify forward-looking statements by terms such as "may," "will," "should," "expect," "plan," "anticipate," "could," "intend," "target," "project," "contemplates," "believes," "estimates," "predicts," "potential" or "continue" or the negative of these terms or other similar expressions. These forward-looking statements speak only as of the date of this press release and are subject to a number of risks, uncertainties and assumptions, including: Conatus' ability to initiate and successfully complete current and future clinical trials; the predictive value of past preclinical and clinical results; results of future clinical trials of emricasan; the company's ability to obtain additional financing in order to complete the development and commercialization of emricasan; and those risks described in Conatus' prior press releases and in the periodic reports it files with the Securities and Exchange Commission. The events and circumstances reflected in Conatus' forward-looking statements may not be achieved or occur and actual results could differ materially from those projected in the forward-looking statements. Except as required by applicable law, Conatus does not plan to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements contained herein, whether as a result of any new information, future events, changed circumstances or otherwise. Source: Conatus Pharmaceuticals Inc. Posted: November 2016 View comments More News Resources FDA Medwatch Drug Alerts FDA Drug Safety Labeling Changes Daily MedNews Pharma Industry News New Drug Approvals New Drug Applications Clinical Trial Results Generic Drug Approvals Monthly Update Archive Recently Approved Vemlidy Vemlidy (tenofovir alafenamide) is a hepatitis B virus (HBV) nucleoside analog reverse... Zinplava Zinplava (bezlotoxumab) is a selective, fully-human, monoclonal antibody that binds to Clostridium... Lartruvo Lartruvo (olaratumab) is a platelet-derived growth factor receptor alpha (PDGFR-α) blocking ... Carnexiv Carnexiv (carbamazepine) is an intravenous injection formulation of the antiepileptic drug... More... Available RSS Feeds Select any link below to view the RSS feed. Daily MedNews Pharma Industry News FDA MedWatch Drug Alerts New Drug Approvals New Drug Applications Clinical Trials News Labeling Changes Was this page helpful? Yes No Drugs.com Mobile Apps The easiest way to lookup drug information, identify pills, check interactions and set up your own personal medication records. Available for Android and iOS devices. Explore Apps Support Help Center Frequent Questions Sitemap Contact Us About About Drugs.com Advertising Policy Content Submissions Drugs.com Blog Terms & Privacy Editorial Policy Privacy Policy Terms of Use Attribution & Citations Connect Facebook Twitter Google Plus YouTube RSS Feed Subscribe to receive email notifications whenever new articles are published. Drugs.com provides accurate and independent information on more than 24,000 prescription drugs, over-the-counter medicines and natural products. This material is provided for educational purposes only and is not intended for medical advice, diagnosis or treatment. Data sources include Micromedex® (updated Nov 1st, 2016), Cerner Multum™ (updated Nov 3rd, 2016), Wolters Kluwer™ (updated Nov 3rd, 2016) and others. To view content sources and attributions, please refer to our editorial policy. Third Party Advertising We comply with the HONcode standard for trustworthy health information - verify here Copyright © 2000-2016 Drugs.com. All rights reserved. Like Tweet +1 Email Hide
null


null
HOME EDITION News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Investing Trading Nation Financial Advisors Personal Finance CNBC Explains Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Recode Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows Watch Live CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Full Episodes More Log In | Register Log Out News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Consumer Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Halftime Portfolio Squawk Box Portfolio Take a Tour Subscribe Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Investing Trading Nation Financial Advisors Personal Finance CNBC Explains Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Recode Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Special Reports Investor Toolkit Advisor Insight ETF Strategist Portfolio Perspective Tech Drivers CNBC IQ 100 Original Series Executive Edge Trading Nation Futures Now Retire Well The Pulse @ 1 Market The Bottom Line CNBC Events Davos Delivering Alpha eMerge Americas iCONIC Conference Cambridge Cyber Summit Sohn Conference Follow CNBC EDITION Register Log In Profile Email Preferences PRO Sign Out Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Halftime Portfolio Squawk Box Portfolio Take a Tour Subscribe LIVE TV Watch CNBC TV Watch CNBC Pro Watchlist X BREAKING:  After-hours buzz: AAL, DAL, UAL & more × × × Biotech and Pharmaceuticals Health Care Hospitals Pharma Equipment & Services Health Insurance Health Care IT Modern Medicine California's very expensive drug price battle: Prop 61 fight gets even nastier Dan Mangan | Meg Tirrell Monday, 7 Nov 2016 | 4:51 PM ETCNBC.com SHARES show chapters <p>Cali&#039;s drug price brawl</p> <p>CNBC&#039;s Meg Tirrell reports the latest surrounding California&#039;s Proposition 61.</p> Cali's drug price brawl    Monday, 7 Nov 2016 | 4:54 PM ET | 01:37 If dollars were votes, big pharma would be beating California's controversial drug-price control ballot measure Proposition 61 by a margin of about 7-1. Instead, it's a dead heat. And the bruising fight over the measure that could directly affect 5 million Californians, and possibly millions more, turned even nastier this week with a scathing series of social media ads targeting pharmaceutical company CEOs. Major pharmaceutical companies have been pouring massive amounts of money — $109 million and counting — into California to urge voters to say "No" to Prop 61, which if passed Tuesday would largely bar state agencies that cover about 5 million people for paying any more for prescription drugs than what the federal Veterans Affairs Department pays. Source: Yes on Prop 61 Prop 61 advertisement for lower drug prices. The VA often pays the lowest prices for drugs in the nation, being able to negotiate what it pays for medications, often at a steep discount compared to other government agencies and Medicare. The big funding support pharma has given the "No" campaign reflects both the huge amount that California state agencies spend on medications annually — around $4 billion — and concerns drug companies have that other states might follow suit with drug-price control initiatives of their own in the event that Prop 61 passes. "They're running scared," said Michael Weinstein, president of the AIDS Healthcare Foundation, the main backer of Prop 61, also known as "the California Drug Price Relief Act." "Their own internal polls got them nervous," said Weinstein, whose "Yes" campaign's message refers to "greedy drug companies" that are "overcharging California's taxpayers and consumers by billions of dollars each year for life-saving medicines, putting profits over people." But the "No on 61" campaign, which in addition to pharma companies includes patient advocates, doctors, veterans' groups, labor unions and other AIDS activists, warns that the measure could have negative unintended consequences that would include higher drug costs for many people, and decreased access to some medications. Several drug companies, Merck, Pfizer and Amgen, released identically worded statements to CNBC on Monday they have "serious concerns about this poorly-written measure because of the negative impact it will have on Californians," adding that, "We are part of a broad and growing coalition of organizations." Pharma's contributions — which include more than $9 million apiece from Merck, Pfizer and Johnson & Johnson — combined with the $16 million or so spent by "Yes" advocates led by the AIDS Healthcare Foundation have made Prop 61 the most expensive ballot measure ever in California, and possibly the most expensive in U.S. history, according to the politics site Ballotpedia. Despite the huge spending edge by the "No" side, which fueled an onslaught of television ads, a recent Field Poll found voters split evenly — 47 percent to 47 percent — on the measure. The expensive and contentious campaigning over Prop 61, which has drawn enthusiastic support from Vermont Sen. Bernie Sanders, got personal on Sunday. The "Yes" campaign released a series of 15-second YouTube ads showing CEOs of pharma companies on "Wanted" posters, saying they were being sought "for gouging the American public & taxpayers with killer drug prices." One such ad, featuring J&J CEO Alex Gorsky, noted that his salary last year was $23.8 million, and said the company in 2013 paid $2.2 billion "to settle criminal charges of illegally promoting the improper use of its anti-psychotic drug Risperdal for use by elderly patients despite studies that showed the drug increases risk of stroke and diabetes." The ad ends with the message "Vote Yes on Prop 61." J&J spokesman Ernie Knewitz told CNBC, "As we have learned through the 2016 election campaign, personal attacks do not serve the interests of the American public or foster a balanced discussion on the substantive issues facing the nation." Kathy Fairbanks, spokeswoman for the "No on 61" campaign, said of the ads, "All the antics from 'Yes on 61' are an attempt by them to take attention away from their flawed measure." "When voters look into the facts, we believe they'll see this measure is bad for California," Fairbanks said. The "Yes on 61" campaign argues that Prop 61 would exploit the state's "bulk-purchasing power to secure lower prices for prescription drugs, saving taxpayers billions of dollars." "And it will be an important blow against the monopoly pricing power of profit-driven arrogance of the pharmaceutical industry," according to the campaign's website. But the "No on 61" campaign spokeswoman said the "Yes" campaign is "talking in a lot of generalities," and is misleading voters about the impact of the proposition if passed. Fairbanks said the ballot measure would only cover "12 percent of Californians, who are in certain health-care programs." Prop 61 would not change how Medicare, job-based health plans, or Obamacare plans pay for their drugs. The "No" campaign argues that Prop 61 could actually lead to higher drug costs for many people, including veterans. If the drug companies' prices for a large chunk of Californians was pegged to the Veterans Affairs prices, that argument goes, then the companies would have less incentive to give the VA a sharply discounted price. The campaign also said that Prop 61 "would invalidate many drug discount agreements the state has negotiated with pharmaceutical companies," which would increase state prescription costs by tens of millions of dollars each year. The California Medical Association, which represents doctors in California, opposes the measure because of that claim, and also because the group said the cancellation of drug purchasing contracts the state already has with pharma companies "would remove many drugs from the Medi-Cal list of pre-approved medicines — creating a new prior authorization hurdle for patients and their physicians." Medi-Cal, which is exempt from Prop 61, is the state's Medicaid program. Fairbanks said another problem with Prop 61 is its linkage of prices paid by state agencies to the VA's price, which is not public information, and it is not clear if the state could compel disclosure. An analysis released in June by the state's huge pension and health benefits agency for retirees, CalPers, voiced many of the same concerns raised by the "No" campaign. The AIDS Healthcare Foundation's chief, Weinstein, said the "No" campaign has "been so fulsome in their lying that it confused people" about the issue. Weinstein said "there's nothing in Prop 61 that would raise prices for anybody." "What they're saying is their obscene profits are inviolate," Weinstein said, arguing that there is nothing in the ballot measure that compels drug companies to demand higher prices for consumers to offset the lower profit margin obtained from selling to customers covered by Prop 61. Dan ManganReporter Meg TirrellReporter Related Securities Symbol Price   Change %Change MERCK --- SHOW COMMENTS Please add a username to view or add comments Public Username for Commenting JOIN THE DISCUSSION To learn more about how we use your information, please read our Privacy Policy and Terms of Service.
Skip to content Military Technologies Military Press Releases Aralez Reports Third Quarter 2016 Financial Results -Provides Improved 2016 Full Year Guidance- MISSISSAUGA, Ontario, Nov. 7, 2016 /PRNewswire/ — Aralez Pharmaceuticals Inc. (NASDAQ: ARLZ) (TSX: ARZ) (“Aralez” or the “Company“) today announced financial results for the third quarter ended September 30, 2016. The Company also highlighted certain corporate and commercial updates. All figures are in U.S. dollars. Corporate Updates: On October 31, 2016, the Company completed its acquisition of the U.S. rights to Toprol-XL® (metoprolol succinate) and its Authorized Generic (AG) from AstraZeneca AB (AstraZeneca). AstraZeneca recorded U.S. net revenues from Toprol-XL and its AG of $91 million in 2014, $89 million in 2015 and $53 million for the six-month period ended June 30, 2016. The transaction is expected to be immediately EBITDA accretive and to move profitability forward to 2017, in each case on an adjusted EBITDA basis. On October 3, 2016, the Company announced the commencement of the commercialization and availability of once-daily YOSPRALA™ (aspirin and omeprazole), the only prescription fixed-dose combination of aspirin, an anti-platelet agent, and omeprazole, a proton pump inhibitor, in the U.S. YOSPRALA is being promoted by 110 high quality, experienced sales representatives in the U.S. On September 15, 2016, the Company announced that the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) approved YOSPRALA for patients who require aspirin for the secondary prevention of cardiovascular and cerebrovascular events and who are at risk of developing aspirin associated gastric ulcers. Please refer to the Prescribing Information for important safety information regarding YOSPRALA at www.YOSPRALA.com. On September 6, 2016, the Company completed its acquisition of the U.S. and Canadian rights to ZONTIVITY® (vorapaxar) from Merck & Co., Inc., known as MSD outside of the U.S. and Canada. ZONTIVITY is the first and only approved therapy shown to inhibit the protease-activated receptor-1 (PAR-1), the primary receptor for thrombin, which is considered to be the most potent activator of platelets. In the U.S., ZONTIVITY is indicated for the reduction of thrombotic cardiovascular events in patients with a history of heart attack (myocardial infarction) or in patients with narrowing of leg arteries, called peripheral arterial disease, and should be used in combination with daily aspirin and/or clopidogrel according to their indications or standard of care. Please refer to the Prescribing Information for important safety information regarding ZONTIVITY at http://www.merck.com/product /usa/pi_circulars/z/zontivity/zontivity_pi.pdf. “We continue to make excellent progress in delivering against the expectations that we outlined upon the formation of Aralez in the early part of this year,” said Adrian Adams, Chief Executive Officer of Aralez. “We have strengthened our anchor position in cardiovascular disease with the approval and launch of YOSPRALA and leveraged our competitive platform by executing on our growth strategy of diversifying our product offerings and revenue stream with the acquisitions of ZONTIVITY, Toprol-XL and its Authorized Generic. This has been achieved while maintaining a sound financial position through disciplined decision making and we are delighted to be in a position to improve our 2016 financial guidance by increasing our expected revenues and decreasing our projected spending.” Third Quarter 2016 Financial Results On February 5, 2016, the Company completed its acquisition of Tribute Pharmaceuticals Canada Inc. (“Tribute”) (the “Tribute Acquisition”). The accompanying financial information for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 includes the operations of Tribute from the date of the Tribute Acquisition through September 30, 2016. On September 6, 2016, the Company completed its acquisition of the U.S. and Canadian rights to ZONTIVITY. The accompanying financial information for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 includes the results of ZONTIVITY from the date of its acquisition through September 30, 2016. The financial information for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2015 reflects only the results of the Company’s predecessor company, POZEN Inc. (Pozen).  Total net revenues for the three months ended September 30, 2016 were $13.6 million compared to $5.8 million for the three months ended September 30, 2015. Net product revenues for the three months ended September 30, 2016 were $8.1 million, consisting entirely of revenues from products acquired through the Tribute Acquisition. Other revenues for the three months ended September 30, 2016 were $5.5 million, primarily comprised of VIMOVO® royalties, compared to $5.8 million for the prior year comparable period. Royalty revenues for the three months ended September 30, 2016 include a decrease in U.S. net sales of VIMOVO primarily due to lower net pricing recorded by our commercialization partner, Horizon Pharma USA, Inc., partially offset by an increase in the royalty rate received from our ex-U.S. commercialization partner, AstraZeneca, on net sales outside of the U.S. from 6% to 10% commencing in 2016. GAAP selling, general and administrative (SG&A) expenses were $25.4 million for the three months ended September 30, 2016 compared to $12.2 million for the three months ended September 30, 2015. The increase in SG&A expenses was primarily driven by increased commercialization costs incurred in the U.S., predominantly related to the launch of YOSPRALA in October 2016, costs to support the build out of the Aralez global corporate structure, continued operational expenses in Canada, product acquisition-related expenses and higher share based compensation expenses. The increase in expenses was partially offset by a decrease in transaction fees compared to the three months ended September 30, 2015. GAAP research and development (R&D) expenses for the three months ended September 30, 2016 were $2.0 million compared to $1.8 million for the three months ended September 30, 2015.  Non-GAAP SG&A expenses, which represent our ongoing cash-based operating expenses and exclude transaction fees, severance and retention, product acquisition-related expenses and share-based compensation expense, were $20.7 million for the three months ended September 30, 2016 compared to $6.1 million for the three months ended September 30, 2015. The increase in non-GAAP SG&A expenses is primarily driven by commercialization costs incurred principally related to YOSPRALA, expenses incurred to support the build out of the Aralez global corporate structure and continued operational expenses in Canada. Non-GAAP R&D expenses, which exclude severance and retention and share-based compensation expense, were $2.0 million for the three months ended September 30, 2016 compared to $1.5 million for the three months ended September 30, 2015. The GAAP net loss for the three months ended September 30, 2016 was $20.6 million, or $0.32 loss per share on a fully diluted basis, compared to a net loss of $8.1 million, or $0.25 loss per share on a fully diluted basis, for the three months ended September 30, 2015. Balance Sheet As of September 30, 2016, approximately 65.4 million of the Company’s common shares were issued and outstanding and the Company had cash and cash equivalents of approximately $56.5 million, after paying $25 million to acquire ZONTIVITY. On October 31, 2016, the Company drew down $25 million under its existing credit facility with Deerfield Management to replenish the $25 million upfront cash payment previously made in connection with the ZONTIVITY acquisition and drew down an additional $175 million to finance the upfront cash closing payment for the acquisition of Toprol-XL and its Authorized Generic. The lenders under the Company’s credit facility have also agreed to provide Aralez access to up to an additional $250 million in capital to fund future mutually agreeable transactions. 2016 Financial Guidance Aralez’s estimates are based on projected results of the Company for the year ending December 31, 2016 and reflect management’s current beliefs about, among other things, prescription trends, competition, pricing levels, inventory levels, and the anticipated timing of future events. The Company’s updated 2016 guidance on non-GAAP SG&A expenses and non-GAAP R&D expenses includes, among other things, YOSPRALA launch costs, taking into account the hiring of a total of approximately 110 sales professionals (inclusive of the 25 sales professionals hired to initially market Fibricor®), costs incurred in connection with receiving FDA approval of YOSPRALA, and the costs to build the necessary infrastructure in the U.S. and Ireland. It excludes share-based compensation expense and certain discrete costs, including merger and product acquisition-related expenses. The Company’s updated 2016 guidance on net revenues includes revenues from Tribute from February 6, 2016 through December 31, 2016, revenues from ZONTIVITY from September 6, 2016 through December 31, 2016 and revenues from Toprol-XL from October 31, 2016 through December 31, 2016. See “Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements” below.    For the year ending December 31, 2016, assuming, among other things, foreign currency exchange rates remain at or near current levels, the Company currently expects: 2016 net revenue guidance to increase to a range of $54 million to $62 million; 2016 non-GAAP SG&A expense guidance to decrease to a range of $78 million to $86 million; and 2016 non-GAAP R&D expense guidance to decrease to a range of $8 million to $10 million. See the table below for a comparison of the Company’s previous 2016 guidance to the updated 2016 guidance: Measure Original 2016 Guidance Updated 2016 Guidance Net Revenues $48 million to $58 million $54 million to $62 million Non-GAAP SG&A Expenses $85 million to $100 million $78 million to $86 million Non-GAAP R&D Expenses $8 million to $12 million $8 million to $10 million Third Quarter Results Webcast Aralez will host a webcast this morning, November 7, 2016 at 11:00 a.m. ET to present third quarter 2016 results. The webcast can be accessed live and will be available for replay at www.aralez.com. Conference Call Details Date: Monday, November 7, 2016 Time: 11:00 a.m. ET Dial-in (U.S.): 877-407-8037 Dial-in (International): 201-689-8037 About Aralez Pharmaceuticals Inc. Aralez Pharmaceuticals Inc. (NASDAQ: ARLZ and TSX: ARZ) is a global specialty pharmaceutical company focused on delivering meaningful products to improve patients’ lives while creating shareholder value by acquiring, developing and commercializing products primarily in cardiovascular, pain and other specialty areas. Aralez’s Global Headquarters is in Mississauga, Ontario, Canada, its U.S. Headquarters is planned to be in Princeton, NJ and the Irish Headquarters is in Dublin, Ireland. More information about Aralez can be found at www.aralez.com. Use of Non-GAAP Financial Measures The Company has presented certain non-GAAP financial measures, including non-GAAP SG&A expenses, non-GAAP R&D expenses and Adjusted EBITDA. These non-GAAP financial measures exclude certain amounts, expenses or income, from the corresponding financial measures determined in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the U.S. (“GAAP”).  Adjusted EBITDA for the Company is defined as net income (loss) before income taxes, interest expense and financing costs, depreciation and amortization, stock-based compensation and gains or losses related to warrants, restructuring costs, retention costs, transaction costs including costs to evaluate, execute and integrate acquisitions, including acquired in-process R&D, interest income, the impact of changes in foreign currency rates, asset impairment charges, income tax adjustments, losses or gains on extinguishment or modification of debt and the impact of a sale or disposition of a business or product, including discontinued operations. Management believes this non-GAAP information is useful for investors, taken in conjunction with GAAP financial statements, because it provides greater transparency regarding the Company’s operating performance by excluding (i) non-cash expenses that are substantially dependent on changes in the market price of our common shares, and (ii) discrete items, such as merger and acquisition-related costs, including transaction fees, and severance and retention expenses, that may not be consistently recurring. Management uses these measures, among other factors, to assess and analyze operational results and to make financial and operational decisions. Non-GAAP information is not prepared under a comprehensive set of accounting rules and should only be used to supplement an understanding of the Company’s operating results as reported under GAAP, not as a substitute for GAAP. In addition, these non-GAAP financial measures are unlikely to be comparable with non-GAAP information provided by other companies. The determination of the amounts that are excluded from non-GAAP financial measures is a matter of management judgment and depends upon, among other factors, the nature of the underlying expense or income amounts. Reconciliations between non-GAAP financial measures and the most comparable GAAP financial measures are included in the tables accompanying this press release. Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements  This press release includes certain statements that constitute “forward-looking statements” within the meaning of applicable securities laws. Forward-looking statements include, but are not limited to, statements regarding the successful execution of our commercialization strategy for YOSPRALA, that the acquisition of Toprol-XL and its AG is expected to be immediately EBITDA accretive and to move profitability forward to 2017, in each case on an adjusted EBITDA basis, continuing to make excellent progress in delivering against the expectations outlined upon our formation, our strengthened anchor position in cardiovascular disease with the approval and launch of YOSPRALA, leveraging our competitive platform by executing on our growth strategy of diversifying our product offerings and revenue stream with the acquisitions of ZONTIVITY, Toprol-XL and its AG, maintaining a sound financial position through disciplined decision making, access to up to an additional $250 million in capital from Deerfield Management to fund future mutually agreeable acquisitions, our ability to successfully identify, execute and consummate business or product opportunities, acquisitions, prospective products or to obtain product approvals, the outlook for the Company’s future business and financial performance, including our improved 2016 guidance on non-GAAP SG&A expenses, non-GAAP R&D expenses and net revenues, our strategies, plans, objectives, goals, prospects, future performance or results of current and anticipated products,  and other statements that are not historical facts, and such statements are typically identified by use of terms such as “may,” “will,” “would,” “should,” “could,” “expect,” “plan,” “intend,” “anticipate,” “believe,” “estimate,” “predict,” “likely,” “potential,” “continue” or the negative or similar words, variations of these words or other comparable words or phrases, although some forward-looking statements are expressed differently. You should be aware that the forward-looking statements included herein represent management’s current judgment and expectations, and are based on current estimates and assumptions made by management in light of its experience and perception of historical trends, current conditions and expected future developments, as well as other factors that it believes are appropriate and reasonable under the circumstances, but there can be no assurance that such estimates and assumptions will prove to be correct and, as a result, the forward-looking statements based on those assumptions could prove to be incorrect. Accordingly, actual results, level of activity, performance or achievements or future events or developments could differ materially from those expressed or implied in the forward-looking statements. Material factors or assumptions that were applied in providing updated financial guidance for the year ending December 31, 2016, including with respect to the statements that Aralez’s net revenues are expected to be in the range of $54 million to $62 million, non-GAAP SG&A expenses are expected to be in the range of $78 million to $86 million and non-GAAP R&D expenses are expected to be in the range of $8 million to $10 million, include, but are not limited to, (i) successfully integrating Tribute, ZONTIVITY and Toprol-XL and its AG, and the continued financially disciplined build-up of our organization, (ii) the exclusion of any impact from additional potential strategic business transactions, such as mergers, acquisitions, divestures, or financings that may be consummated, (iii) the successful launch of YOSPRALA in 4Q 2016, (iv) revenue from acquisition date to year end consistent with historical performance for both ZONTIVITY and Toprol-XL and its AG, (v) our ability to source and qualify suppliers for our drugs, including for YOSPRALA, (vi) our ability to mitigate regulatory risks and uncertainties that may otherwise negatively impact our expectations regarding our products and product candidates, (vi) future performance of our commercialization partners being in line with our expectations and the impact such performance is anticipated to have being consistent with our expectations with respect to our revenue projections, particularly royalties earned on sales of VIMOVO, (vii) currency rates remaining at or near current levels for the remainder of fiscal 2016, and (viii) prescription trends, competition, pricing levels, inventory, and the anticipated timing of future product launches and events remaining in line with management’s current beliefs. Readers are cautioned that actual future operating results and economic performance of the Company, including with respect to our net revenues, non-GAAP SG&A expenses and non-GAAP R&D expenses for the year ending December 31, 2016, are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties, including, among other things, those described below, and could differ materially from what is currently expected as set out in this press release. Our operations involve risks and uncertainties, many of which are outside of our control, and any one or any combination of these risks and uncertainties could also affect whether the forward-looking statements ultimately prove to be correct and could cause our actual results, level of activity, performance or achievements or future events or developments to differ materially from those expressed or implied by the forward-looking statements. These risks and uncertainties include, without limitation, our inability to build, acquire or contract with a sales force of sufficient scale for the commercialization of our products in a timely and cost-effective manner; our failure to successfully commercialize our products and product candidates; competition, including increased generic competition; costs and delays in the development and/or approval of our product candidates, including as a result of the need to conduct additional studies or due to issues with third-party API or finished product manufacturers, or the failure to obtain such approval of our product candidates for all expected indications, including as a result of changes in regulatory standards or the regulatory environment during the development period of any of our product candidates; with respect to certain products, dependence on reimbursement from third-party payors and the possibility of a failure to obtain coverage or reduction in the extent of reimbursement; the inability to maintain or enter into, and the risks resulting from our dependence upon, collaboration or contractual arrangements necessary for the development, manufacture, commercialization, marketing, sales and distribution of any products, including our dependence on AstraZeneca and Horizon Pharma USA, Inc. for the sales and marketing of VIMOVO, our dependence on Patheon Pharmaceuticals Inc. for the manufacture of YOSPRALA, our dependence on Schering-Plough (Ireland) Company for the supply of ZONTIVITY and our dependence on AstraZeneca for the manufacture and supply of Toprol-XL and its AG; our ability to protect our intellectual property and defend our patents; regulatory obligations and oversight; failure to successfully identify, execute, integrate, maintain and realize expected benefits from new acquisitions, such as the acquisitions of Tribute, ZONTIVITY and Toprol-XL and its AG; fluctuations in the value of certain foreign currencies, including the Canadian dollar, in relation to the U.S. dollar, and other world currencies; changes in government regulations, including tax laws and unanticipated tax liabilities and regulations regarding the pricing of pharmaceutical products; risks related to our financing; general adverse economic, market and business conditions; and those risks detailed from time-to-time under the caption “Risk Factors” and elsewhere in the Company’s Securities and Exchange Commission (“SEC”) filings and reports and Canadian securities law filings, including in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015 and our Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended September 30, 2016, which will be available on EDGAR at www.sec.gov, on SEDAR at www.sedar.com, and on the Company’s website at www.aralez.com, and those described from time to time in our future reports filed with the SEC and applicable securities regulatory authorities in Canada. You should not place undue importance on forward-looking statements and should not rely upon this information as of any other date. We undertake no obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise, unless required by law. Aralez Pharmaceuticals US Inc. Contact: Nichol L. Ochsner Executive Director, Investor Relations & Corporate Communications 732-754-2545 nochsner@aralez.com Financial Tables to Follow ARALEZ PHARMACEUTICALS INC. CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS (unaudited; in thousands of U.S. dollars, except share and per share data) Three Months Ended September 30,  Nine Months Ended September 30,  2016 2015 2016 2015 Revenues: Product revenues, net $ 8,058 $ — $ 18,998 $ — Other revenues 5,570 5,820 15,265 15,425 Total revenues, net 13,628 5,820 34,263 15,425 Costs and expenses: Cost of product revenues (exclusive of amortization shown separately below) 3,362 — 9,260 — Amortization of intangible assets 2,418 — 5,824 — Selling, general and administrative 25,445 12,207 85,635 33,663 Research and development 2,037 1,806 7,923 5,091 Total costs and expenses 33,262 14,013 108,642 38,754 Loss from operations (19,634) (8,193) (74,379) (23,329) Interest expense (495) — (1,395) — Other (expense) income, net (173) 17 4,354 (154) Loss before income taxes (20,302) (8,176) (71,420) (23,483) Provision for (benefit from) income taxes 297 (27) 442 974 Net loss $ (20,599) $ (8,149) $ (71,862) $ (24,457) Basic net loss per common share $ (0.32) $ (0.25) $ (1.19) $ (0.75) Diluted net loss per common share $ (0.32) $ (0.25) $ (1.26) $ (0.75) Shares used in computing basic net loss per common share 65,229,055 32,732,686 60,598,676 32,476,358 Shares used in computing diluted net loss per common share 65,229,055 32,732,686 60,676,332 32,476,358 ARALEZ PHARMACEUTICALS INC. CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS (unaudited; in thousands of U.S. dollars) September 30, 2016 December 31, 2015 ASSETS Cash and cash equivalents $ 56,533 $ 24,816 Accounts receivable, net 8,109 5,966 Inventory 4,735 — Prepaid expenses and other current assets 2,965 1,225 Property and equipment, net 2,527 251 Goodwill 77,039 — Other intangible assets, net 127,724 — Other long-term assets 686 — Total assets $ 280,318 $ 32,258 LIABILITIES AND SHAREHOLDERS’ EQUITY Accounts payable $ 1,965 $ 4,557 Accrued expenses 23,557 11,932 Short-term contingent consideration 600 — Other current liabilities 3,993 — Long-term debt 74,520 — Deferred tax liability 6,064 — Long-term contingent consideration 18,900 — Other long-term liabilities 171 986 Total liabilities 129,770 17,475 Total shareholders’ equity 150,548 14,783 Total liabilities and shareholders’ equity $ 280,318 $ 32,258 ARALEZ PHARMACEUTICALS INC. RECONCILIATION OF GAAP TO NON-GAAP FINANCIAL MEASURES (unaudited; in thousands of U.S. dollars) Three Months Ended September 30,  Nine Months Ended September 30,  2016 2015 2016 2015 GAAP Selling, general and administrative expenses: $ 25,445 $ 12,207 $ 85,635 $ 33,663 Share-based compensation expense (2,659) (1,959) (8,875) (5,564) Retention and severance (1,141) (1,097) (2,374) (6,335) Transaction fees (13) (2,992) (7,633) (8,116) Product acquisition-related expenses (980) (980) Excise tax equalization payments — — (12,043) — Non-GAAP Selling, general and administrative expenses: $ 20,652 $ 6,159 $ 53,730 $ 13,648 Three Months Ended September 30,  Nine Months Ended September 30,  2016 2015 2016 2015 GAAP Research and development expenses: $ 2,037 $ 1,806 $ 7,923 $ 5,091 Share-based compensation expense — (8) (327) (109) Retention and severance — (319) (451) (357) Non-GAAP Research and development expenses: $ 2,037 $ 1,479 $ 7,145 $ 4,625 ARALEZ PHARMACEUTICALS INC. RECONCILIATION OF GAAP TO NON-GAAP FINANCIAL MEASURES (unaudited; in thousands of U.S. dollars) Updated Guidance Range 2016 Financial Guidance Year Ending December 31, 2016 Year Ending December 31, 2016 GAAP Selling, general and administrative expenses: $ 117,043 $ 127,243 Share-based compensation expense 11,800 12,200 Merger-related expenses 10,700 11,500 Product acquisition-related expenses 4,500 5,500 Excise tax equalization payments 12,043 12,043 Non-GAAP Selling, general and administrative expenses: $ 78,000 $ 86,000 GAAP Research and development expenses: $ 8,778 $ 10,850 Share-based compensation expense 327 350 Merger-related expenses 451 500 Non-GAAP Research and development expenses: $ 8,000 $ 10,000 Logo – http://photos.prnewswire.com/prnh/20161001/414159LOGO To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/aralez-reports-third-quarter-2016-financial-results-300358075.html SOURCE Aralez Pharmaceuticals Inc. Related Links http://www.aralez.com Author karolPosted on November 7, 2016November 7, 2016Categories Uncategorized Post navigation Previous Previous post: How These Services Stocks are Faring? — Paychex, Cabela’s, Robert Half, and ManpowerGroup Next Next post: ‘China Macau Distinguished Gathering’ – Messe für Autos, Yachten und Business Aviation in Macau lädt im November zum Spielen ein Search for: Search Recent Posts Corporate Capital Trust announces third quarter 2016 results TEAM HEALTH MERGER INVESTIGATION ALERT – Andrews & Springer LLC Is Seeking More Cash for Shareholders of Team Health Holdings, Inc. Propel Media Reports $6.1 million of Adjusted EBITDA for the 3rd Quarter of 2016 Matrix Lanza PowerWatch, el Primer Reloj Inteligente del Mundo que Nunca Necesita Cargarse Matrix bringt PowerWatch heraus, die erste Smartwatch der Welt, die nie aufgeladen werden muss Recent Comments Archives November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 Categories Space Flight Uncategorized Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Partners TS2 Space Space Flights .news Military Technologies Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content Satellite Press Releases Satellite Press Releases and News Aralez Reports Third Quarter 2016 Financial Results -Completed Acquisitions of ZONTIVITY®; Toprol-XL® and its Authorized Generic- -Received U.S. Food and Drug Administration Approval and Launched YOSPRALA™- -Provides Improved 2016 Full Year Guidance- MISSISSAUGA, Ontario, Nov. 7, 2016 /PRNewswire/ — Aralez Pharmaceuticals Inc. (NASDAQ: ARLZ) (TSX: ARZ) (“Aralez” or the “Company“) today announced financial results for the third quarter ended September 30, 2016. The Company also highlighted certain corporate and commercial updates. All figures are in U.S. dollars. Corporate Updates: On October 31, 2016, the Company completed its acquisition of the U.S. rights to Toprol-XL® (metoprolol succinate) and its Authorized Generic (AG) from AstraZeneca AB (AstraZeneca). AstraZeneca recorded U.S. net revenues from Toprol-XL and its AG of $91 million in 2014, $89 million in 2015 and $53 million for the six-month period ended June 30, 2016. The transaction is expected to be immediately EBITDA accretive and to move profitability forward to 2017, in each case on an adjusted EBITDA basis. On October 3, 2016, the Company announced the commencement of the commercialization and availability of once-daily YOSPRALA™ (aspirin and omeprazole), the only prescription fixed-dose combination of aspirin, an anti-platelet agent, and omeprazole, a proton pump inhibitor, in the U.S. YOSPRALA is being promoted by 110 high quality, experienced sales representatives in the U.S. On September 15, 2016, the Company announced that the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) approved YOSPRALA for patients who require aspirin for the secondary prevention of cardiovascular and cerebrovascular events and who are at risk of developing aspirin associated gastric ulcers. Please refer to the Prescribing Information for important safety information regarding YOSPRALA at www.YOSPRALA.com. On September 6, 2016, the Company completed its acquisition of the U.S. and Canadian rights to ZONTIVITY® (vorapaxar) from Merck & Co., Inc., known as MSD outside of the U.S. and Canada. ZONTIVITY is the first and only approved therapy shown to inhibit the protease-activated receptor-1 (PAR-1), the primary receptor for thrombin, which is considered to be the most potent activator of platelets. In the U.S., ZONTIVITY is indicated for the reduction of thrombotic cardiovascular events in patients with a history of heart attack (myocardial infarction) or in patients with narrowing of leg arteries, called peripheral arterial disease, and should be used in combination with daily aspirin and/or clopidogrel according to their indications or standard of care. Please refer to the Prescribing Information for important safety information regarding ZONTIVITY at http://www.merck.com/product /usa/pi_circulars/z/zontivity/zontivity_pi.pdf. “We continue to make excellent progress in delivering against the expectations that we outlined upon the formation of Aralez in the early part of this year,” said Adrian Adams, Chief Executive Officer of Aralez. “We have strengthened our anchor position in cardiovascular disease with the approval and launch of YOSPRALA and leveraged our competitive platform by executing on our growth strategy of diversifying our product offerings and revenue stream with the acquisitions of ZONTIVITY, Toprol-XL and its Authorized Generic. This has been achieved while maintaining a sound financial position through disciplined decision making and we are delighted to be in a position to improve our 2016 financial guidance by increasing our expected revenues and decreasing our projected spending.” Third Quarter 2016 Financial Results On February 5, 2016, the Company completed its acquisition of Tribute Pharmaceuticals Canada Inc. (“Tribute”) (the “Tribute Acquisition”). The accompanying financial information for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 includes the operations of Tribute from the date of the Tribute Acquisition through September 30, 2016. On September 6, 2016, the Company completed its acquisition of the U.S. and Canadian rights to ZONTIVITY. The accompanying financial information for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 includes the results of ZONTIVITY from the date of its acquisition through September 30, 2016. The financial information for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2015 reflects only the results of the Company’s predecessor company, POZEN Inc. (Pozen).  Total net revenues for the three months ended September 30, 2016 were $13.6 million compared to $5.8 million for the three months ended September 30, 2015. Net product revenues for the three months ended September 30, 2016 were $8.1 million, consisting entirely of revenues from products acquired through the Tribute Acquisition. Other revenues for the three months ended September 30, 2016 were $5.5 million, primarily comprised of VIMOVO® royalties, compared to $5.8 million for the prior year comparable period. Royalty revenues for the three months ended September 30, 2016 include a decrease in U.S. net sales of VIMOVO primarily due to lower net pricing recorded by our commercialization partner, Horizon Pharma USA, Inc., partially offset by an increase in the royalty rate received from our ex-U.S. commercialization partner, AstraZeneca, on net sales outside of the U.S. from 6% to 10% commencing in 2016. GAAP selling, general and administrative (SG&A) expenses were $25.4 million for the three months ended September 30, 2016 compared to $12.2 million for the three months ended September 30, 2015. The increase in SG&A expenses was primarily driven by increased commercialization costs incurred in the U.S., predominantly related to the launch of YOSPRALA in October 2016, costs to support the build out of the Aralez global corporate structure, continued operational expenses in Canada, product acquisition-related expenses and higher share based compensation expenses. The increase in expenses was partially offset by a decrease in transaction fees compared to the three months ended September 30, 2015. GAAP research and development (R&D) expenses for the three months ended September 30, 2016 were $2.0 million compared to $1.8 million for the three months ended September 30, 2015.  Non-GAAP SG&A expenses, which represent our ongoing cash-based operating expenses and exclude transaction fees, severance and retention, product acquisition-related expenses and share-based compensation expense, were $20.7 million for the three months ended September 30, 2016 compared to $6.1 million for the three months ended September 30, 2015. The increase in non-GAAP SG&A expenses is primarily driven by commercialization costs incurred principally related to YOSPRALA, expenses incurred to support the build out of the Aralez global corporate structure and continued operational expenses in Canada. Non-GAAP R&D expenses, which exclude severance and retention and share-based compensation expense, were $2.0 million for the three months ended September 30, 2016 compared to $1.5 million for the three months ended September 30, 2015. The GAAP net loss for the three months ended September 30, 2016 was $20.6 million, or $0.32 loss per share on a fully diluted basis, compared to a net loss of $8.1 million, or $0.25 loss per share on a fully diluted basis, for the three months ended September 30, 2015. Balance Sheet As of September 30, 2016, approximately 65.4 million of the Company’s common shares were issued and outstanding and the Company had cash and cash equivalents of approximately $56.5 million, after paying $25 million to acquire ZONTIVITY. On October 31, 2016, the Company drew down $25 million under its existing credit facility with Deerfield Management to replenish the $25 million upfront cash payment previously made in connection with the ZONTIVITY acquisition and drew down an additional $175 million to finance the upfront cash closing payment for the acquisition of Toprol-XL and its Authorized Generic. The lenders under the Company’s credit facility have also agreed to provide Aralez access to up to an additional $250 million in capital to fund future mutually agreeable transactions. 2016 Financial Guidance Aralez’s estimates are based on projected results of the Company for the year ending December 31, 2016 and reflect management’s current beliefs about, among other things, prescription trends, competition, pricing levels, inventory levels, and the anticipated timing of future events. The Company’s updated 2016 guidance on non-GAAP SG&A expenses and non-GAAP R&D expenses includes, among other things, YOSPRALA launch costs, taking into account the hiring of a total of approximately 110 sales professionals (inclusive of the 25 sales professionals hired to initially market Fibricor®), costs incurred in connection with receiving FDA approval of YOSPRALA, and the costs to build the necessary infrastructure in the U.S. and Ireland. It excludes share-based compensation expense and certain discrete costs, including merger and product acquisition-related expenses. The Company’s updated 2016 guidance on net revenues includes revenues from Tribute from February 6, 2016 through December 31, 2016, revenues from ZONTIVITY from September 6, 2016 through December 31, 2016 and revenues from Toprol-XL from October 31, 2016 through December 31, 2016. See “Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements” below.    For the year ending December 31, 2016, assuming, among other things, foreign currency exchange rates remain at or near current levels, the Company currently expects: 2016 net revenue guidance to increase to a range of $54 million to $62 million; 2016 non-GAAP SG&A expense guidance to decrease to a range of $78 million to $86 million; and 2016 non-GAAP R&D expense guidance to decrease to a range of $8 million to $10 million. See the table below for a comparison of the Company’s previous 2016 guidance to the updated 2016 guidance: Measure Original 2016 Guidance Updated 2016 Guidance Net Revenues $48 million to $58 million $54 million to $62 million Non-GAAP SG&A Expenses $85 million to $100 million $78 million to $86 million Non-GAAP R&D Expenses $8 million to $12 million $8 million to $10 million Third Quarter Results Webcast Aralez will host a webcast this morning, November 7, 2016 at 11:00 a.m. ET to present third quarter 2016 results. The webcast can be accessed live and will be available for replay at www.aralez.com. Conference Call Details Date: Monday, November 7, 2016 Time: 11:00 a.m. ET Dial-in (U.S.): 877-407-8037 Dial-in (International): 201-689-8037 About Aralez Pharmaceuticals Inc. Aralez Pharmaceuticals Inc. (NASDAQ: ARLZ and TSX: ARZ) is a global specialty pharmaceutical company focused on delivering meaningful products to improve patients’ lives while creating shareholder value by acquiring, developing and commercializing products primarily in cardiovascular, pain and other specialty areas. Aralez’s Global Headquarters is in Mississauga, Ontario, Canada, its U.S. Headquarters is planned to be in Princeton, NJ and the Irish Headquarters is in Dublin, Ireland. More information about Aralez can be found at www.aralez.com. Use of Non-GAAP Financial Measures The Company has presented certain non-GAAP financial measures, including non-GAAP SG&A expenses, non-GAAP R&D expenses and Adjusted EBITDA. These non-GAAP financial measures exclude certain amounts, expenses or income, from the corresponding financial measures determined in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the U.S. (“GAAP”).  Adjusted EBITDA for the Company is defined as net income (loss) before income taxes, interest expense and financing costs, depreciation and amortization, stock-based compensation and gains or losses related to warrants, restructuring costs, retention costs, transaction costs including costs to evaluate, execute and integrate acquisitions, including acquired in-process R&D, interest income, the impact of changes in foreign currency rates, asset impairment charges, income tax adjustments, losses or gains on extinguishment or modification of debt and the impact of a sale or disposition of a business or product, including discontinued operations. Management believes this non-GAAP information is useful for investors, taken in conjunction with GAAP financial statements, because it provides greater transparency regarding the Company’s operating performance by excluding (i) non-cash expenses that are substantially dependent on changes in the market price of our common shares, and (ii) discrete items, such as merger and acquisition-related costs, including transaction fees, and severance and retention expenses, that may not be consistently recurring. Management uses these measures, among other factors, to assess and analyze operational results and to make financial and operational decisions. Non-GAAP information is not prepared under a comprehensive set of accounting rules and should only be used to supplement an understanding of the Company’s operating results as reported under GAAP, not as a substitute for GAAP. In addition, these non-GAAP financial measures are unlikely to be comparable with non-GAAP information provided by other companies. The determination of the amounts that are excluded from non-GAAP financial measures is a matter of management judgment and depends upon, among other factors, the nature of the underlying expense or income amounts. Reconciliations between non-GAAP financial measures and the most comparable GAAP financial measures are included in the tables accompanying this press release. Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements  This press release includes certain statements that constitute “forward-looking statements” within the meaning of applicable securities laws. Forward-looking statements include, but are not limited to, statements regarding the successful execution of our commercialization strategy for YOSPRALA, that the acquisition of Toprol-XL and its AG is expected to be immediately EBITDA accretive and to move profitability forward to 2017, in each case on an adjusted EBITDA basis, continuing to make excellent progress in delivering against the expectations outlined upon our formation, our strengthened anchor position in cardiovascular disease with the approval and launch of YOSPRALA, leveraging our competitive platform by executing on our growth strategy of diversifying our product offerings and revenue stream with the acquisitions of ZONTIVITY, Toprol-XL and its AG, maintaining a sound financial position through disciplined decision making, access to up to an additional $250 million in capital from Deerfield Management to fund future mutually agreeable acquisitions, our ability to successfully identify, execute and consummate business or product opportunities, acquisitions, prospective products or to obtain product approvals, the outlook for the Company’s future business and financial performance, including our improved 2016 guidance on non-GAAP SG&A expenses, non-GAAP R&D expenses and net revenues, our strategies, plans, objectives, goals, prospects, future performance or results of current and anticipated products,  and other statements that are not historical facts, and such statements are typically identified by use of terms such as “may,” “will,” “would,” “should,” “could,” “expect,” “plan,” “intend,” “anticipate,” “believe,” “estimate,” “predict,” “likely,” “potential,” “continue” or the negative or similar words, variations of these words or other comparable words or phrases, although some forward-looking statements are expressed differently. You should be aware that the forward-looking statements included herein represent management’s current judgment and expectations, and are based on current estimates and assumptions made by management in light of its experience and perception of historical trends, current conditions and expected future developments, as well as other factors that it believes are appropriate and reasonable under the circumstances, but there can be no assurance that such estimates and assumptions will prove to be correct and, as a result, the forward-looking statements based on those assumptions could prove to be incorrect. Accordingly, actual results, level of activity, performance or achievements or future events or developments could differ materially from those expressed or implied in the forward-looking statements. Material factors or assumptions that were applied in providing updated financial guidance for the year ending December 31, 2016, including with respect to the statements that Aralez’s net revenues are expected to be in the range of $54 million to $62 million, non-GAAP SG&A expenses are expected to be in the range of $78 million to $86 million and non-GAAP R&D expenses are expected to be in the range of $8 million to $10 million, include, but are not limited to, (i) successfully integrating Tribute, ZONTIVITY and Toprol-XL and its AG, and the continued financially disciplined build-up of our organization, (ii) the exclusion of any impact from additional potential strategic business transactions, such as mergers, acquisitions, divestures, or financings that may be consummated, (iii) the successful launch of YOSPRALA in 4Q 2016, (iv) revenue from acquisition date to year end consistent with historical performance for both ZONTIVITY and Toprol-XL and its AG, (v) our ability to source and qualify suppliers for our drugs, including for YOSPRALA, (vi) our ability to mitigate regulatory risks and uncertainties that may otherwise negatively impact our expectations regarding our products and product candidates, (vi) future performance of our commercialization partners being in line with our expectations and the impact such performance is anticipated to have being consistent with our expectations with respect to our revenue projections, particularly royalties earned on sales of VIMOVO, (vii) currency rates remaining at or near current levels for the remainder of fiscal 2016, and (viii) prescription trends, competition, pricing levels, inventory, and the anticipated timing of future product launches and events remaining in line with management’s current beliefs. Readers are cautioned that actual future operating results and economic performance of the Company, including with respect to our net revenues, non-GAAP SG&A expenses and non-GAAP R&D expenses for the year ending December 31, 2016, are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties, including, among other things, those described below, and could differ materially from what is currently expected as set out in this press release. Our operations involve risks and uncertainties, many of which are outside of our control, and any one or any combination of these risks and uncertainties could also affect whether the forward-looking statements ultimately prove to be correct and could cause our actual results, level of activity, performance or achievements or future events or developments to differ materially from those expressed or implied by the forward-looking statements. These risks and uncertainties include, without limitation, our inability to build, acquire or contract with a sales force of sufficient scale for the commercialization of our products in a timely and cost-effective manner; our failure to successfully commercialize our products and product candidates; competition, including increased generic competition; costs and delays in the development and/or approval of our product candidates, including as a result of the need to conduct additional studies or due to issues with third-party API or finished product manufacturers, or the failure to obtain such approval of our product candidates for all expected indications, including as a result of changes in regulatory standards or the regulatory environment during the development period of any of our product candidates; with respect to certain products, dependence on reimbursement from third-party payors and the possibility of a failure to obtain coverage or reduction in the extent of reimbursement; the inability to maintain or enter into, and the risks resulting from our dependence upon, collaboration or contractual arrangements necessary for the development, manufacture, commercialization, marketing, sales and distribution of any products, including our dependence on AstraZeneca and Horizon Pharma USA, Inc. for the sales and marketing of VIMOVO, our dependence on Patheon Pharmaceuticals Inc. for the manufacture of YOSPRALA, our dependence on Schering-Plough (Ireland) Company for the supply of ZONTIVITY and our dependence on AstraZeneca for the manufacture and supply of Toprol-XL and its AG; our ability to protect our intellectual property and defend our patents; regulatory obligations and oversight; failure to successfully identify, execute, integrate, maintain and realize expected benefits from new acquisitions, such as the acquisitions of Tribute, ZONTIVITY and Toprol-XL and its AG; fluctuations in the value of certain foreign currencies, including the Canadian dollar, in relation to the U.S. dollar, and other world currencies; changes in government regulations, including tax laws and unanticipated tax liabilities and regulations regarding the pricing of pharmaceutical products; risks related to our financing; general adverse economic, market and business conditions; and those risks detailed from time-to-time under the caption “Risk Factors” and elsewhere in the Company’s Securities and Exchange Commission (“SEC”) filings and reports and Canadian securities law filings, including in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015 and our Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended September 30, 2016, which will be available on EDGAR at www.sec.gov, on SEDAR at www.sedar.com, and on the Company’s website at www.aralez.com, and those described from time to time in our future reports filed with the SEC and applicable securities regulatory authorities in Canada. You should not place undue importance on forward-looking statements and should not rely upon this information as of any other date. We undertake no obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise, unless required by law. Aralez Pharmaceuticals US Inc. Contact: Nichol L. Ochsner Executive Director, Investor Relations & Corporate Communications 732-754-2545 nochsner@aralez.com Financial Tables to Follow ARALEZ PHARMACEUTICALS INC. CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS (unaudited; in thousands of U.S. dollars, except share and per share data) Three Months Ended September 30,  Nine Months Ended September 30,  2016 2015 2016 2015 Revenues: Product revenues, net $ 8,058 $ — $ 18,998 $ — Other revenues 5,570 5,820 15,265 15,425 Total revenues, net 13,628 5,820 34,263 15,425 Costs and expenses: Cost of product revenues (exclusive of amortization shown separately below) 3,362 — 9,260 — Amortization of intangible assets 2,418 — 5,824 — Selling, general and administrative 25,445 12,207 85,635 33,663 Research and development 2,037 1,806 7,923 5,091 Total costs and expenses 33,262 14,013 108,642 38,754 Loss from operations (19,634) (8,193) (74,379) (23,329) Interest expense (495) — (1,395) — Other (expense) income, net (173) 17 4,354 (154) Loss before income taxes (20,302) (8,176) (71,420) (23,483) Provision for (benefit from) income taxes 297 (27) 442 974 Net loss $ (20,599) $ (8,149) $ (71,862) $ (24,457) Basic net loss per common share $ (0.32) $ (0.25) $ (1.19) $ (0.75) Diluted net loss per common share $ (0.32) $ (0.25) $ (1.26) $ (0.75) Shares used in computing basic net loss per common share 65,229,055 32,732,686 60,598,676 32,476,358 Shares used in computing diluted net loss per common share 65,229,055 32,732,686 60,676,332 32,476,358 ARALEZ PHARMACEUTICALS INC. CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS (unaudited; in thousands of U.S. dollars) September 30, 2016 December 31, 2015 ASSETS Cash and cash equivalents $ 56,533 $ 24,816 Accounts receivable, net 8,109 5,966 Inventory 4,735 — Prepaid expenses and other current assets 2,965 1,225 Property and equipment, net 2,527 251 Goodwill 77,039 — Other intangible assets, net 127,724 — Other long-term assets 686 — Total assets $ 280,318 $ 32,258 LIABILITIES AND SHAREHOLDERS’ EQUITY Accounts payable $ 1,965 $ 4,557 Accrued expenses 23,557 11,932 Short-term contingent consideration 600 — Other current liabilities 3,993 — Long-term debt 74,520 — Deferred tax liability 6,064 — Long-term contingent consideration 18,900 — Other long-term liabilities 171 986 Total liabilities 129,770 17,475 Total shareholders’ equity 150,548 14,783 Total liabilities and shareholders’ equity $ 280,318 $ 32,258 ARALEZ PHARMACEUTICALS INC. RECONCILIATION OF GAAP TO NON-GAAP FINANCIAL MEASURES (unaudited; in thousands of U.S. dollars) Three Months Ended September 30,  Nine Months Ended September 30,  2016 2015 2016 2015 GAAP Selling, general and administrative expenses: $ 25,445 $ 12,207 $ 85,635 $ 33,663 Share-based compensation expense (2,659) (1,959) (8,875) (5,564) Retention and severance (1,141) (1,097) (2,374) (6,335) Transaction fees (13) (2,992) (7,633) (8,116) Product acquisition-related expenses (980) (980) Excise tax equalization payments — — (12,043) — Non-GAAP Selling, general and administrative expenses: $ 20,652 $ 6,159 $ 53,730 $ 13,648 Three Months Ended September 30,  Nine Months Ended September 30,  2016 2015 2016 2015 GAAP Research and development expenses: $ 2,037 $ 1,806 $ 7,923 $ 5,091 Share-based compensation expense — (8) (327) (109) Retention and severance — (319) (451) (357) Non-GAAP Research and development expenses: $ 2,037 $ 1,479 $ 7,145 $ 4,625 ARALEZ PHARMACEUTICALS INC. RECONCILIATION OF GAAP TO NON-GAAP FINANCIAL MEASURES (unaudited; in thousands of U.S. dollars) Updated Guidance Range 2016 Financial Guidance Year Ending December 31, 2016 Year Ending December 31, 2016 GAAP Selling, general and administrative expenses: $ 117,043 $ 127,243 Share-based compensation expense 11,800 12,200 Merger-related expenses 10,700 11,500 Product acquisition-related expenses 4,500 5,500 Excise tax equalization payments 12,043 12,043 Non-GAAP Selling, general and administrative expenses: $ 78,000 $ 86,000 GAAP Research and development expenses: $ 8,778 $ 10,850 Share-based compensation expense 327 350 Merger-related expenses 451 500 Non-GAAP Research and development expenses: $ 8,000 $ 10,000 Logo – http://photos.prnewswire.com/prnh/20161001/414159LOGO satprnews.com Author RSS ImportPosted on November 7, 2016Categories Uncategorized Post navigation Previous Previous post: Global Electro Mechanical Storage Devices Market Analysis By Manufacturers,Regions,Type and Application,Forecast To 2021 Next Next post: Travel Unites Americans This Election Season Search for: Search Recent Posts TEAM HEALTH MERGER INVESTIGATION ALERT – Andrews & Springer LLC Is Seeking More Cash for Shareholders of Team Health Holdings, Inc. Corporate Capital Trust announces third quarter 2016 results INTELIQUENT MERGER INVESTIGATION ALERT – Andrews & Springer LLC Is Seeking More Cash for Shareholders of Inteliquent, Inc. ADDING MULTIMEDIA Costco, GameStop and Best Buy Join Activision Blizzard to Support Veteran Hiring with Special Call of Duty®: Infinite Warfare Holiday Seasonal Items Dividend Capital Diversified Property Fund Provides Third Quarter 2016 Portfolio Update Recent Comments Archives November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 April 2016 March 2016 February 2016 January 2016 December 2015 November 2015 October 2015 September 2015 August 2015 July 2015 June 2015 May 2015 April 2015 March 2015 February 2015 January 2015 December 2014 November 2014 October 2014 September 2014 August 2014 July 2014 June 2014 May 2014 April 2014 March 2014 February 2014 January 2014 November 2013 September 2013 June 2013 March 2013 December 2012 November 2012 October 2012 September 2012 July 2012 March 2012 February 2012 January 2012 December 2011 November 2011 October 2011 September 2011 August 2011 July 2011 April 2010 March 2010 August 2009 January 1970 Categories Satellite Space Flights Uncategorized VSAT Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Partners TS2 Space Space Flights .news Satellite Press Releases Proudly powered by WordPress
Home Ingredients Packaging Manufacturing Regulatory Finance Research Sectors Ingredients Packaging Manufacturing Regulatory Finance Research Regions Ingredients Packaging Manufacturing Regulatory Finance Research Events Ingredients Packaging Manufacturing Regulatory Finance Research Jobs Ingredients Packaging Manufacturing Regulatory Finance Research Directory Ingredients Packaging Manufacturing Regulatory Finance Research Search BioMed X and Merck start new project in cancer research 7-Nov-2016 Europe | Research BioMed X and Merck announce the start of a new research group at the BioMed X Innovation Center in Heidelberg, Germany The new project, entitled 'DNA Damage in Cancer,' represents an extension of their ongoing collaboration in the field of oncology research. The aim of this new research team is to develop novel approaches to exploit cellular DNA damage and repair mechanisms which occur during radiation and radiochemotherapa. The group will be headed by Dr Balca Mardin, who joined the BioMed X Innovation Center from the European Molecular Biology Laboratories (EMBL). Based on Dr Mardins extensive track record in studying cellular mechanisms of complex genomic rearrangements and the impact of DNA damage and repair on genome instability during tumourigenesis, the group will focus on identifying mechanisms of synthetic lethality in cancer to increase therapeutic efficacy and reduce the side-effects of cancer treatments. 'We are excited to extend our collaboration with Merck in the field of oncology,' said Christian Tidona, founder and Managing Director of BioMed X. 'A total of nine research groups from five pharma sponsors in only 3 years clearly reflects the strong reputation we have built in biomedical innovation.' In 2013, Merck and BioMed X started a research collaboration to explore new avenues for cancer treatment. Other research teams at BioMed X sponsored by Merck focus on cancer metabolism and the immunosuppressive environment of tumours. Companies Merck Group BioMed X Subscriber Sign In email: password: Why subscribe? Related Articles Merck opens pharma plant and plans to build life science services centre in China University of Edinburgh licence agreement with life sciences giant supports further understanding of disease Merck expands biotech production capacity in Spain Merck introduces Mobius Power MIX 2000 for hard-to-mix biopharm ingredients Merck invests 50 million in pharmaceutical packaging building in Darmstadt Merck joins DiViNe consortium to improve vaccine purification processes Merck to provide Provantage manufacturing services to Y-mAbs Merck starts construction of $115 million life science campus in Burlington, MA Merck expands water purification systems with new high-throughput line Merck adds polymers for sustained release injectables to ingredients portfolio Related Press Releases Merck's Viresolve Pro Shield H virus filter removes protein aggregates and other impurities EMD Serono promotes Craig Millian to Senior Vice President, Neurology and Immunology Live Webinar: Environmental Monitoring in Isolators and RABS Merck expands Emprove program to include filtration and single-use products Related Jobs Ethiopia receives 14 million praziquantel tablets from Merck Merck appoints Maya Martinez-Davis as Global Head of Oncology Merck announces new biopharma heads for North America and China Laszlo Radvanyi joins Merck as Head of Global Immuno-Oncology Research About Manufacturing Chemist Contact Us About HPCi Media Limited Terms and Conditions Privacy ^ Top
Dienstag, 15.11.2016 Börsentäglich über 12.000 News von 551 internationalen Medien Indizes Kurs % News 24 h / 7 T Aufrufe 7 Tage Aktien Kurs % News 24 h / 7 T Aufrufe 7 Tage Xetra-Orderbuch Devisen Kurs % Rohstoffe Kurs % Passende Knock-Outs zu Ihrer Suchanfrage (Anzeige) Erweiterte Suche Ad hoc-Mitteilungen Startseite Nachrichten Aktienkurse Fonds Anleihen Derivate Rohstoffe Devisen Watchlist Aufklappen Schliessen Aktien»Nachrichten»MERCK KGAA AKTIE»Merck KgaA In Collaboration Deal With Japan's Idemitsu In OLED Material Business MERCK KGAA 94,94  Euro +0,07 +0,07 % WKN: 659990  ISIN: DE0006599905 Ticker-Symbol: MRK  Xetra | 14.11.16 | 17:35 Uhr Nachrichten Analysen Kurse Chart Xetra-Orderbuch Aktie: BranchePharma AktienmarktDAX-30 Prime Standard DAX International 100 1-Jahres-Chart 1-Woche-Intraday-Chart Realtime Geld Brief Zeit 94,49 95,36 14.11. 94,71 95,06 14.11. 07.11.2016 | 09:33 (5 Leser) Schrift ändern: (0 Bewertungen) AFX News·Mehr Nachrichten von AFX News Merck KgaA In Collaboration Deal With Japan's Idemitsu In OLED Material Business BERLIN (dpa-AFX) - German drug maker Merck KgaA (MKGAY.PK) Monday announced that it has entered into a collaboration agreement with Japan's Idemitsu Kosan Co., Ltd that allows each party to use the other party's OLED material-related patents in certain areas. Merck noted that both are major OLED material companies and have continued to supply a variety of highperformance OLED materials to customers. Under this collaborative relationship, each company will be allowed to develop, manufacture and sell OLED materials in certain areas of the other company's material-related patents under specified conditions. This will help to accelerate the generation of new high-performance materials, by allowing both parties to exploit undeveloped areas of OLED materials with different knowledge and experience. Merck said the companies expect to continue discussions to expand the collaboration to include other areas in the future. Copyright RTT News/dpa-AFX © 2016 AFX News Nachrichten zu IDEMITSU KOSAN CO LTD Zeit Aktuelle Nachrichten Mo Idemitsu's Showa Shell buy slowed again by regulatory review ► Artikel lesen Mo Japan's Idemitsu to delay Showa Shell stake purchase from Shell ► Artikel lesen Mo Idemitsu to delay Showa Shell stake purchase from Shell: Nikkei ► Artikel lesen Mo Idemitsu puts off Showa Shell share purchase for third time ► Artikel lesen 08.11. Merck und Idemitsu vereinbaren Kooperation im OLED-Geschäft ► Artikel lesen Nachrichten zu MERCK KGAA Zeit Aktuelle Nachrichten Mo Merck Korea and Incheon sign MOU on biopharm: Pharmaceutical giant Merck Korea signed a memorandum of ... ► Artikel lesen Mo BRIEF-Merck KGaA says primary endpoint was not met in study population ► Artikel lesen Mo Merck KGaA PT Set at €101.00 by Commerzbank AG ► Artikel lesen Mo Analysts Set Merck KGaA Target Price at $101.50 ► Artikel lesen Mo Merck: Study Results Confirm Potential Of Atacicept As Candidate Therapy For SLE VIENNA (dpa-AFX) - Merck KGaA (MKGAY.PK) reported the results of the ADDRESS II Phase IIb, multicenter study on atacicept in patients with systemic lupus erythematosus. The company said, although... ► Artikel lesen Firmen im Artikel 1-Woche-Intraday-Chart IDEMITSU KOSAN CO LTD Unternehmen / Aktien Kurs % IDEMITSU KOSAN CO LTD 20,271 +1,17 % MERCK KGAA 94,94 +0,07 % Sie erhalten auf FinanzNachrichten.de kostenlose Realtime-Aktienkurse von  und  mit der Push-Technologie von   Wie bewerten Sie die aktuell angezeigte Seite?sehr gut123456schlechtProblem melden Google+ Seite Nachrichten • Aktienkurse • DAX • Xetra-Orderbuch • Watchlist Ad hoc-Mitteilungen • Nachrichten Börsen • Aktien-Empfehlungen Branchen • Medien • Nachrichten-Archiv Impressum | AGB | Disclaimer • Presse • Mediadaten RSS-News von FinanzNachrichten.de kostenlos für Ihren Browser und Ihre Homepage
Latest News Dow 18,869 +21.03 +0.11% Nasdaq 5,218 -18.72 -0.36% S&P 500 2,164 -0.25 -0.01% 6:20 P.M. ET Google to block its ads from fake-news sites 6:18 P.M. ET 'Mars': National Geographic Network's Moonshot 6:04 P.M. ET Obama Addresses Concerns About Bannon's Appointment 6:06 P.M. ET Updated David Einhorn’s Greenlight Capital reduces stakes in Apple, GM, buys U.S. Steel 6:04 P.M. ET Updated SEC chief Mary Jo White announces plans to leave 6:02 P.M. ET Obama Addresses Concerns About Bannon's Appointment 5:47 P.M. ET Updated Deutsche Bank raises S&P 500 year-end target after postelection rally 5:35 P.M. ET George Soros buys stakes in Alphabet, Netflix, dumps Disney, General Motors 5:31 P.M. ET Updated Donald Trump and Vladimir Putin speak by phone 5:19 P.M. ET Financial services industry is at risk to get even whiter 5:15 P.M. ET David Tepper's hedge fund buys new stakes in Apple, Bank of America and Facebook 5:11 P.M. ET Estee Lauder to buy Too Faced for $1.45B, looks to 'win with millennials' 5:10 P.M. ET Einhorn adds Aercap, Calpine, United States Steel, trims Apple stake 5:02 P.M. ET My father-in-law married his girlfriend before he died — she won’t return our calls 5:02 P.M. ET Tepper's Appaloosa sells entire 4.4 mln-share stake in 21st Century Fox during Q3--SEC filing 5:02 P.M. ET SEC says Mary Jo White to leave at the end of the Obama administration 5:00 P.M. ET Nasdaq names Adena Friedman president and CEO 5:00 P.M. ET The ‘Trump trade’ is shaking up markets around the globe 4:59 P.M. ET Updated CORRECT: Tepper's Appaloosa buys new 4.1 mln-share stake in Bank of America during Q3--SEC filing 4:58 P.M. ET Updated CORRECT: Tepper's Appaloosa trims Allergan stake slightly 1.2 mln shares during Q3--SEC filing Log In Home News Viewer Video SectorWatch Podcasts First Take Games Portfolio My MarketWatch News Viewer Markets U.S. Europe/Middle East Emerging Markets Asia Canada SectorWatch Columns Market Snapshot Movers & Shakers The Tell Currencies Futures Movers Pre-Market News Tools Earnings Wall Markets Overview IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar Currency Tools Futures Contracts Market Screener Hulbert Interactive Investing Stocks Mutual Funds ETFs Options Bonds Commodities Currencies Futures Hedge Funds/Insider Trades Getting Started MarketWatch Adviser Columns Options Trader Revolution Investing Tools Stock Screener Funds Finder ETF Screener Options Screener IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar More... Trading Deck . Personal Finance 10 Things Big Spender Real Estate Spending & Saving Taxes Columns The Moneyologist Brett Arends Bill Bischoff Amy Hoak Chuck Jaffe Jennifer Openshaw Jennifer Waters Tools Funds Finder Today's Rates Retirement RetireMentors Encore Taxes Retire Here, Not There How-to Guides Social Security Estate Planning Events Columns Robert Powell's Retirement Portfolio Andrea Coombes's Working Retirement Tools Retirement Planner How long will my money last? Economy Federal Reserve Capitol Report Economic Report Columns Darrell Delamaide Irwin Kellner Rex Nutting Tools Economic Calendar Real Estate Location Scouts realtor.com My MarketWatch Watchlist Alerts Games Log In Until Tokyo Markets Open US Market Snapshot Currencies Commodities Home Economy & Politics Outside the Box Get email alerts Opinion: Drug companies spend $109 million to block vote to lower drug prices By Harriett Blair Rowan Published: Nov 6, 2016 7:26 a.m. ET Share Big Pharma breaks record for campaign spending in California’s Prop 61 fight Getty Images By HarriettBlair Rowan BERKELEY, Calif. (MarketWatch) -- Big pharmaceutical companies have poured more than $100 million into defeating a state referendum in California that seeks to control soaring drug prices by limiting how much state agencies pay for the prescription drugs they buy on behalf of patients. In a classic “stop hitting yourself” move, the pharmaceutical companies are running TV ads and sending endless mailers saying they are concerned that the measure could backfire by forcing the companies to raise drug prices for veterans and other patients in order to preserve their bottom line. Their real concern is the possibility that this proposition could start a domino effect; lowering the prices that state agencies around the country are willing to pay for drugs. The pharmaceutical companies are spending big to defend their profits, and dressing it up as a defense of veterans. But for pharmaceutical companies and their shareholders, profit always comes before patients, or veterans. Proposition 61, which is on the ballot in California on Tuesday, is the most expensive ballot measure in the state this year, and the “No on Prop 61” campaign has broken the record for spending by one side in a campaign. The proposition would prohibit state agencies from paying more than the price paid by the federal Department of Veterans Affairs, which uses its buying power to negotiate lower prices with the companies. Supporters say the proposition could help combat skyrocketing drug prices. The drug companies say it will backfire, but quietly avoid the fact that it’s up to them whether it does so or not. Opinion Journal: Can the Polls Be Trusted?(4:21) Hoover Institution Senior Fellow Doug Rivers explains the art and science of presidential polling. Photo credit: Getty Images. John Lechleiter, the CEO of Eli Lilly & Co. LLY, -0.84%  , told investors last month that “we’re fighting that tooth and nail.” Lilly has contributed more than $4.5 million to fight Prop 61. An industry publication said if Prop 61 were to pass it would lead more state governments and even private health plans to demand the discounts, saying it would be “a pricing disaster for the entire U.S. drug industry.” The AIDS Healthcare Foundation, an international nonprofit and the largest provider of HIV/AIDS medical care in the U.S., is the sponsor of Prop 61, also known as the California Drug Price Relief Act. The “Yes on Prop 61” campaign has raised almost $15 million, more than 99% of that funding coming from the AIDS Healthcare Foundation. But they are being outspent 7-to-1 by the opposition. The opposition campaign is officially listed as “No on Prop 61 -- Californians Against the Deceptive Rx Proposition, a coalition of veterans, doctors, patient advocates, seniors, taxpayers, and members of Pharmaceutical Research and Manufacturers of America with major funding by Merck & Co., Inc., Pfizer, Inc. and other companies.” The campaign has raised $109 million, exclusively from the pharmaceutical industry, not a dollar coming from veterans, doctors, patient advocates, seniors, or taxpayers. The “No” campaign has also collected endorsements from medical associations, labor unions, community groups, and many veterans’ organizations. Some of the endorsements, like that of two prominent LGBT groups in San Francisco, have been criticized after it was revealed they each received $5,000 from the “No” campaign. Advertisements funded by “No on Prop 61” are running during almost every commercial break on television in the days leading up to the election. The ads feature a concerned veteran warning Californians that passage of Proposition 61 could actually increase prescription costs, but supporters of Prop 61 see the ads as a threat more than a good-hearted warning. “This is not a prediction; it’s a pure threat,” said Garry South, the lead strategist for the “Yes on Prop 61” campaign. “If they have to sell drugs to the state of California at a lower price, they’re going to try to make up for it and keep their obscene profits high by trying to screw everyone else in California.” Vermont Sen. Bernie Sanders, who brought discussions of drug prices to the national stage during his presidential campaign, has become the face of the “Yes” campaign. Sanders endorsed the proposition and is featured prominently in “Yes on Prop 61” messaging, saying the proposition would be “a real blow against this greedy [pharmaceutical] industry.” Prop 61 is a record-breaking race in a record-breaking year for ballot-measure spending. Campaigns supporting or opposing the 17 propositions on California’s ballot have spent almost half a billion dollars so far this year. Who’s funding the opposition to Prop 61? Merck & Co. Inc . $9.4 million Pfizer Inc. $9.4 million Johnson & Johnson $9.3 million Amgen Inc. $7.6 million Abbvie Inc. $6.9 million Sanofi-Aventis US LLC $6.7 million Astra Zeneca Pharma LP $6.1 million Allergan USA Inc. $5.8 million Novartis Pharmaceuticals Corp. $4.7 million Glaxosmithkline $4.5 million And 23 more drug companies and the pharma trade group, for a grand total of $109 million Pharmaceutical giants Merck MRK, -0.66%  and Pfizer PFE, -0.64%  are the two largest contributors to the “No” campaign, spending $9.4 million each, followed closely by Johnson & Johnson JNJ, -1.58%  , which has kicked in $9.3 million. Thirty-three pharmaceutical companies have funded the “No” campaign, along with the industry group, the Pharmaceutical Research and Manufacturers of America (PhRMA). While more than 99% of the “Yes” campaign’s funding has come from the AIDS Healthcare Foundation, they also had over 500 contributions from individuals of $100 or less, and the California Nurses Association PAC gave $55,929. Endorsements for the “Yes” campaign include former U.S. Secretary of Labor Robert Reich, The American Association of Retired Persons (AARP), many local Democratic Party chapters, and labor unions. Kathy Fairbanks, a spokesperson for the “No on Prop 61” campaign said that, despite the intention of supporters, “Prop 61 isn’t going to work. It’s going to backfire, and harm patients in California, and veterans, and families.” Fairbanks, and opponents of Prop 61 point to a report from California’s Legislative Analyst’s Office about the “highly uncertain” fiscal impact. But the same LAO report also states that the fiscal impact on the state “could range from relatively little effect to significant annual savings,” and that “potential drug manufacturer responses limit potential savings,” clarifying that the real predictor of drug prices if Prop 61 passes will be the response from the pharmaceutical industry. Harriet Blair Rowan is a freelance investigative reporter with a focus on money in politics. She previously worked at the Center for Media and Democracy. More from MarketWatch White Women Helped Trump Beat First Female Candidate How Might Donald Trump Shape the Supreme Court? Trump and Clinton Make Closing Arguments in Final Election Stretch MarketWatch Partner Center We Want to Hear from You Join the conversation Comment Celebrity Real Estate News Celebrities renege on their pledges to move out of U.S on the back of Trump win View More Investing If you're shocked that Trump won, you broke 3 basic principles of investing View More Barron's Next Dear President-Elect Trump, a millennial wishlist View More Investing Opinion: A 12-step plan to strengthen your portfolio after Trump's victory View More MarketWatch Site Index Topics Help Feedback Newsroom Roster Media Archive Premium Products Mobile Company Company Info Code of Conduct Corrections Advertising Media Kit Advertise Locally Reprints & Licensing Broker Center Your Ad Choices Dow Jones Network WSJ.com Barron's Online BigCharts Virtual Stock Exchange Financial News Online WSJ.com Small Business realtor.com Mansion Global Back to Top Copyright ©2016 MarketWatch, Inc. All rights reserved. By using this site you agree to the Terms of Service, Privacy Policy, and Cookie Policy. Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. Intraday data delayed per exchange requirements. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real time last sale data provided by NASDAQ. More information on NASDAQ traded symbols and their current financial status. Intraday data delayed 15 minutes for Nasdaq, and 20 minutes for other exchanges. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. SEHK intraday data is provided by SIX Financial Information and is at least 60-minutes delayed. All quotes are in local exchange time. Advanced Search Stocks Columns Authors Topics No results found Eli Lilly & Co. U.S.: NYSE: LLY $77.02 -0.65 (-0.84%) Volume 3.2M Open $78.01 High $78.24 Low $76.69 P/E Ratio 33.74 Div Yield 2.65 Market Cap 85.7B Merck & Co. Inc. U.S.: NYSE: MRK $63.53 -0.42 (-0.66%) Volume 9.3M Open $64.00 High $64.09 Low $63.24 P/E Ratio 32.41 Div Yield 2.9 Market Cap 176.3B Pfizer Inc. U.S.: NYSE: PFE $32.38 -0.21 (-0.64%) Volume 29.3M Open $32.85 High $32.90 Low $32.13 P/E Ratio 32.38 Div Yield 3.71 Market Cap 197.7B Johnson & Johnson U.S.: NYSE: JNJ $116.60 -1.87 (-1.58%) Volume 9.8M Open $118.58 High $118.99 Low $116.50 P/E Ratio 20.64 Div Yield 2.74 Market Cap 322.3B LatestNews
Financial Post Home National Post News Opinion Markets Investing Personal Finance FP Magazine Tech Executive Entrepreneur Midas Letter Subscribe News Economy Energy FP Street Legal Post Mining Retail & Marketing Transportation Property Post Business Insider News TrendingDonald Trump | Earnings | Real Estate | Marijuana | OPEC | Federal Reserve | Gold | Loonie Patients fighting hep C and HIV spur new wave of online buyers clubs to get cheap, generic drugs Ben Hirschler, Reuters | November 7, 2016 | Last Updated: Nov 7 3:24 PM ET More from Reuters Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Email Typo? More Comments Tumblr Pinterest Reddit Digg FarkIt StumbleUpon LONDON — Frustrated by the high price of antiviral drugs, thousands of patients from London to Moscow to Sydney are turning to a new wave of online “buyers clubs” to get cheap generic medicines to cure hepatitis C and protect against HIV infection. While regulators warn that buying drugs online is risky, scientific data presented at a recent medical conference suggest that treatment arranged through buyers clubs can be just as effective as that obtained through conventional channels. Will Nutland, who supports a drug-buying network in London and takes Indian-made generic drugs that are not available through the health service to prevent HIV infection, thinks the latest research will build confidence in such schemes. “This new data shows that so far we’ve got it right,” the HIV activist said. “It gives us a boost in confidence in the types of drugs that are available online.” The buyers clubs’ websites act as middlemen by providing details of trusted online pharmacies and drug manufacturers, exploiting a loophole in World Trade Organization patent rules that allows small-scale imports of medicines for personal use. Like Ron Woodroof, the 1980s AIDS patient in the movie Dallas Buyers Club, the sponsors of today’s drug clubs aim to help patients who can’t get the drugs they want through local health care systems by bringing in medicines from abroad. It gives us a boost in confidence in the types of drugs that are available online But while Woodroof had to smuggle drugs in bulk across the Mexican border, users of modern-day clubs can, in many countries, tap orders into their computers quite legally. Savings can be huge. A month’s generic supply of the pre-exposure prophylaxis (PrEP) HIV drugs emtricitabine and tenofovir costs about £45 pounds (US$56) online in Britain, around a tenth of Gilead Sciences Inc.’s branded version Truvada. An Indian-made course of treatment for the liver-destroying disease hepatitis C, meanwhile, can be had for around £1,000 against a list price for branded drugs of around £35,000. Gilead is also a leading producer of patented hepatitis C drugs, along with Merck & Co. Inc. and AbbVie Inc. “Resorting to a buyers club is clearly not conventional medicine, but it is something some people have been brave enough to try and it seems to be working,” said Andrew Hill of London’s Chelsea and Westminster Hospital. Data presented at the Oct. 23-26 HIV Glasgow conference showed generic drugs bought via buyers clubs in Australia, Britain, Russia and South-East Asia by a total of 900 patients delivered hepatitis C cure rates of around 95 per cent. That is similar to outcomes in clinical trials using the original brands. Related Can embattled Valeant Pharmaceuticals ‘drive the wolf from the door?’ Concordia International shares plummet to record low after drugmaker suspends forecast This is why Canada has the second-highest medication costs in the world Another piece of research involving more than 200 gay men in London taking generic PrEP bought through a buyers club found that their drugs, mostly made by India’s Cipla, were both safe and effective at preventing HIV infection. Such observational studies do not have the rigour of full-scale clinical trials but they do provide reassurance. “What this sort of data does is give doctors and patients some faith that this isn’t an act of complete lunacy that is going to cause patient harm,” said James Freeman, a Tasmanian doctor behind a hepatitis C drug-buying club. For Freeman and other critics of the pharmaceuticals industry, the advent of today’s buyers clubs is just the latest chapter in an ongoing war over drug prices, with parallels to the battle over getting cheap HIV drugs into Africa. In the 1990s, HIV drugs costing more than US$10,000 per patient a year were simply out of reach for millions of people in the developing world. Today, thanks to cheap generics, the cost for the poor has been slashed to around US$100. Still, there are obstacles. In a number of European countries, including Germany, medicines cannot be sent in the post, prompting some people to collect supplies from friends in countries like Britain where it is permitted. HIV rates among gay men are not going down, despite all our interventions, including promoting condom us Some online pharmacies demand a doctor’s prescription to fulfill an order, although many do not, and people using buyers clubs still require blood tests to ensure the drugs they are on are working properly, without serious side effects. The need for those laboratory tests is controversial, since it costs money to test people taking medicines that were not prescribed by the official health care system in the first place. But Nneka Nwokolo, who presented the data on PrEP in Glasgow, believes it makes sense, given the proven efficacy of PrEP in several clinical trials. She works at a National Health Service (NHS) sexual health clinic in London’s Soho neighbourhood that has been offering blood tests for generic PrEP users since February. “HIV rates among gay men are not going down, despite all our interventions, including promoting condom use. But we know PrEP works and it has been shown to make a significant difference to HIV acquisition,” she said. Clinical trials have shown PrEP cuts the risk of catching the virus during sex by more than 90 per cent. Across Europe and around the world access to PrEP remains patchy. In Britain, routine use is stalled by a funding row, as well as doubts over cost-effectiveness, based on the high price of branded Truvada. It’s an absolute scandal that the prices are so high … Access to hepatitis C drugs faces similar budget constraints in many countries, given the high cost of brand-name products. Gilead’s Sovaldi initially cost US$1,000 a pill in the United States, although competition has since pushed prices down. Gilead said in a statement that it worked “to ensure broad access to its medicines through dialogue and efforts with payers and other stakeholders, including governments.” But HIV activist Nutland, who is also a research fellow at the London School of Hygiene and Tropical Medicine, believes drugmakers must do more to make their products affordable. “It’s an absolute scandal that the prices are so high that even wealthy national services are saying they cannot afford the costs of these drugs.” Thomson Reuters Find Financial Post on Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Email Typo? More Comments Tumblr Pinterest Reddit Digg FarkIt StumbleUpon Topics: News, Health Care, HIV and AIDS, Pharmaceuticals Sector, Sexually Transmitted Diseases Find a Story Stock Search News Videos FP Picks Google overhauls music streaming service to push ‘contextual’ content to users based on location, behaviour In a Canadian exclusive interview, Google said the update uses AI to learn which music is right for specific moments in the listener's life Vancouver slaps $10,000 a year tax on empty homes. Lie about it and it’s $10,000 a day Canada's most-expensive property market, suffering from a near-zero supply of rental homes, is going hardcore to prod absentee landlords into making their properties available for lease With many people unable to afford a new home after changed mortgage rules, renovation becoming the trend Bob Finnigan, President of Canadian Home Builders' Association, says the renovation market is bigger than the new home market and renovation tax credits could be coming Do the math: Credit card reward points could cost you 20x their cost in interest Credit Canada's CEO Laurie Campbell speaks with FP's Larysa Harapyn about reward points and why their true value may surprise you Watch Dogs 2 review: You’ll have a terrific time as long as you play as a hacker instead of a murdering sociopath If you’ve the resolve to play the way the designers intended, Ubisoft’s latest tech parable eventually turns into a rollicking stealth action ride Investing How to create an ‘Anything but Europe’ portfolio Canadian REITs are at risk to falling prices under a Trump Administration, analysts say Bonds are getting hammered as yields spike to year high on Trump stimulus bets Get ready for higher interest rates under Trump, says RBC, as it downgrades REIT sector Stocks in U.S. for-profit prisons enjoy stellar week on news of Donald Trump’s victory Powered by WordPress.com VIP Our Partners Infomart The Province Vancouver Sun Edmonton Journal Calgary Herald Regina Leader-Post Saskatoon StarPhoenix Windsor Star Ottawa Citizen Montreal Gazette Classifieds Remembering Celebrating Classifieds Marketplace Workopolis FlyerCity Classifieds Self-Service Services Advertise with us Subscribe Subscriber Services ePaper Newsletters Site map Legal Privacy Terms Contact us Copyright & permissions Connect with Us Twitter Facebook LinkedIn © 2016 National Post, a division of Postmedia Network Inc. All rights reserved. Unauthorized distribution, transmission or republication strictly prohibited. Powered by WordPress.com VIP
Xconomy Xperience EXOME National Regions Channels Events Top Entrepreneurs’ Advice → EXOME all the information, none of the junk | biotech • healthcare • life sciences Want EXOME sent to you daily? Meet the Contributors → Forecast Update: CA’s Prop. 61 Now A Toss-Up, New Poll Shows Alex Lash November 7th, 2016 @alexlash @xconomy Like Us Xconomy San Francisco —  Xconomy reported Thursday that support for Proposition 61, the California initiative to rein in drug prices, had slipped in a recent poll to a slim 51 percent majority, with 24 percent opposed and 25 percent undecided. Since then, a new state poll from a different pollster has put Prop. 61’s chances at a toss-up: 47 percent for, 47 percent against, and a much smaller 6 percent undecided. The initiative has attracted $109 million from opponents, as of last week. The top ten, from Merck and Pfizer ($9.4 million each) to GlaxoSmithKline ($4.5 million), are all drug companies, and their advertising campaign is having an impact. Supporters have pitched in $17 million, mainly from the AIDS Healthcare Foundation in Los Angeles and the California Nurses Association. U.S. Senator Bernie Sanders is holding last-minute rallies and lending his face and voice to ad campaigns to drum up support with an anti-pharma message he used frequently in his run for the Democratic presidential nomination. If voters say yes, Prop. 61 would require state healthcare entities to pay drug prices equal to or less than those paid by the U.S. Department of Veterans Affairs, which are generally considered some of the lowest, if not the lowest, in the country. Those California entities spent $4.2 billion on prescription drugs in the fiscal 2014-15 year. The measure would lead to “significant savings,” according to proponents. The state’s legislative analyst office has not backed up those claims, saying instead that the fiscal impact was unclear for two main reasons. First, the prices negotiated by the VA are secret. They start with a discounted price list, but can go down from there. It’s assumed the VA gets even more discounts, but it’s not transparent. Second, there’s no telling what the drug companies will do if Prop. 61 passes. Opponents have hinted at unintended consequences, and executives have sounded alarms in recent weeks. In the new Field Poll released November 4, support for Prop. 61 was divided starkly by party lines. Registered Democrats were for it 60 percent, against it 33 percent, with 7 percent undecided. Registered Republicans were for it 25 percent, against it 72 percent, and 3 percent undecided. The survey took place in the last week of October. Photo courtesy of Anthony Quintano via Creative Commons. Alex Lash is Xconomy's National Biotech Editor. He is based in San Francisco. Follow @alexlash Share on Facebook Share on Twitter LinkedIn Email Reprints More from EXOME Californians Still Hate Trump, But More Uncertain About Drug Companies West Coast Biotech Roundup: Onyx, Calico, Otonomy, Dendreon & More West Coast Biotech Roundup: Global Blood, Invitae, GeneWEAVE, Adynxx Trending on Xconomy Xconomy Special Report: 12 San Diego Tech Startups to Watch in 2017 Cord Cutting: How to Get High-Speed Internet Service Without Cable Texas Innovators in Health, Space, Energy, A.I. & More: The Disruptors Photos X Xconomy’s EXOME Presents: State of the Biotech Union National health initiatives, the intersection of Big Data and healthcare, the looming presence of genetic modification, and our national response to infectious disease December 6, 2016 Register today! Underwriters and Partners From Our Advertisers The key trends and challenges of clinical outsourcing Exclusive interview with Prof Kenneth Getz from Tufts CSDD KNect365 Life Sciences Is commercial clinical research worth it for sites? The urgent issues with clinical trial & study site partnerships KNect365 Life Sciences The Fractured State of Sales Enablement & Training OnDemand Webinar Allego How Wisconsin is cultivating startup success New report highlights entrepreneurial programs available statewide Wisconsin Economic Development Corporation The Feed Tweets from https://twitter.com/Xconomy/lists/lifesci Home Privacy/DMCA Security Disclosures About Contact Us Archives Advertise Subscribe for Free Business, life sciences, and technology news — covering Boston, Seattle, San Diego, Detroit/Ann Arbor, San Francisco, New York, Raleigh-Durham, Boulder/Denver, Texas, Wisconsin, Indiana, and beyond. © 2007-2016, Xconomy, Inc. Xconomy is a registered service mark of Xconomy, Inc. All rights reserved. Website development support from Andrew Koyfman with design support from Rob Hunter.
obsessions our picks latest popular like us on facebook follow us on twitter quartz index about us register log in log out Events Atlas quartz quartz India quartz Africa Change your edition back to menu DRUG WAR California’s ballot initiative to control drug prices has the pharma industry terrified Written by Oliver Staley Obsession US Election November 07, 2016 Mobilized supporters. (Gilles Mingasson/AP Images for AIDS Healthcare Fondation) Share Written by Oliver Staley Obsession US Election November 07, 2016 One of the election season’s most fiercely fought campaigns is over a California ballot initiative that promises to control drug prices, but would affect only a fraction of the state. Yet it’s making the drug industry very nervous. Proposition 61 requires California state agencies to pay no more for drugs than the price paid by the US Department of Veteran Affairs, which, by law, receives a 24% discount on drugs, and can negotiate even lower prices. While the cost savings could be significant, most Californians don’t receive drugs from the agencies covered, which include universities, state prisons, and some parts of the state’s low-income insurance program, Medi-Cal. Depending on whose numbers you believe, the number of people covered ranges from 4.4 million to 7 million, in a state with about 40 million residents. Despite the relatively small impact, the drug industry has been working furiously to defeat the referendum, raising $109 million as of Nov. 2, according to Ballotpedia, a website which tracks such things. Merck & Co., Johnson & Johnson, and Pfizer each contributed at least $9.3 million to the campaign, while dozens of other companies also have chipped in. Combined with the $16.9 million spent by advocates—mostly the AIDS Healthcare Foundation, which runs a chain of clinics—it’s the most costly ballot initiative in US history. Opponents say the fixing of drug costs in one place will just push them up elsewhere, and could wind up making drugs more expensive for most Californians, while limiting choices for the covered agencies. Supporters, who include US senator Bernie Sanders of Vermont, say it will make drugs more affordable for at least some in the state, and deal a blow to an industry that profits while many Americans struggle to afford prescription drugs. The initiative’s impact outside California— its “reverberations,” as Sanders puts it— is why the drug industry is determined to beat the ballot initiative. Pharma companies, never popular, are in the crosshairs of politicians now more than ever. Accusations of price gouging by Martin Shkreli’s Turing Pharmaceutical and Mylan, maker of the EpiPen, have made the industry vulnerable to new regulations to cap price increases. Drug makers fear price controls from a Clinton presidency—shares fall when she criticizes the industry. Even Trump says he supports importing drugs from overseas to lower prices. Prop 61 would give other states encouragement to pass similar initiatives, said Michael Yee, an analyst at RBC Capital Markets. “We believe (Prop 61) creates a slippery slope,” Yee wrote in a note to investors. Initial polls showed Prop 61 supporters with a significant advantage, but the polls have tightened substantially in the closing weeks—no doubt due to the flood of campaign ads over the state’s airwaves— and they are now deadlocked at about 47% both in favor and opposed. A win may change the national conversation over drug prices. A loss will be a strong reminder of the power of the pharmaceutical lobby. Read full story home our picks popular latest obsessions search

Skip to content Military Technologies Military Press Releases Monoclonal Antibodies Leading the way in Multi-billion Dollar Biopharmaceuticals Industry HYDERABAD, India, November 7, 2016 /PRNewswire/ — According to the report “Global Bio Pharmaceuticals Market” published by Market Data Forecast, the global market is projected to reach USD 250.62 Billion by 2021, at a CAGR of 9.2% from 2016 to 2021.      (Logo: http://photos.prnewswire.com/prnh/20160913/406914LOGO ) For full report refer to “http://www.marketdataforecast.com/market-reports/global-bio-pharmaceuticals-market-633/“ Free sample for the report is available at “http://www.marketdataforecast.com/market-reports/global-bio-pharmaceuticals-market-633/request-sample“ Biopharmaceuticals industry has come a long way since approval of its first drug. Now, several drugs have already been approved and many more are in last stages of their clinical trial. These drugs have not only innovated the prevention and treatment of a number of life threatening diseases but have also delivered the thrust for the constant success of the pharmaceutical industry. Major factors driving the growth of the market are rising healthcare expenditure, growing awareness regarding biopharmaceutical drugs and increasing aging population. Ability of these drugs to treat chronic diseases which were earlier untreatable is increasing its demand enormously and also increases the profit margin for manufacturers. To enquire more about the report, go to “http://www.marketdataforecast.com/market-reports/global-bio-pharmaceuticals-market-633/inquire“ The Global Biopharmaceuticals Market is segmented and analysed as follows By Product Type:  Monoclonal Antibodies (mAb) Erythropoietin Biotech Vaccines Recombinant Human (RH) Insulin Granulocyte colony-stimulating factor (G-CSF) Interferon Human growth hormones (HGH) By Therapeutic Type:  Neurology Infectious diseases Diabetes Oncology Cardiovascular Other Therapeutic Areas By Geography:  North America Biopharmaceuticals Market Europe Biopharmaceuticals Market Asia-pacific Biopharmaceuticals Market Latin America Biopharmaceuticals Market Middle-East and Africa Biopharmaceuticals Market Merck & Co., Inc., F. Hoffmann-La Roche AG, Eli Lilly and Company, Inc., Sanofi, Amgen Inc., AbbVie Inc., Biogen Idec, Bayer AG, Johnson & Johnson Services, Pfizer, Inc., and Novartis AG are some of the leading players in the market for biopharmaceuticals. To buy the full report, go to “https://www.marketdataforecast.com/cart/buy-now/global-bio-pharmaceuticals-market-633“ Scope of the Biopharmaceuticals Market Study:  Global, regional and country-level analysis and forecasts of the study market; providing Insights on the major countries/regions in which this industry is blooming and to also identify the regions that are still untapped Segment-level analysis in terms of technology, component, and type along with market size forecasts and estimations to detect key areas of industry growth in detail Identification of key drivers, restraints, opportunities, and challenges (DROC) in the market and their impact on shifting market dynamics Study of the effect of exogenous and endogenous factors that affect the global market; which includes broadly demographic, economics, and political, among other macro-environmental factors presented in an extensive PESTLE Analysis Study the micro environment factors that determine the overall profitability of an Industry, using Porter‘s five forces analysis for analysing the level of competition and business strategy development A comprehensive list of key market players along with their product portfolio, current strategic interests, key financial information, legal issues, SWOT analysis and analyst overview to study and sustain the market environment Competitive landscape analysis listing out the mergers, acquisitions, collaborations in the field along with new product launches, comparative financial studies and recent developments in the market by the major companies An executive summary, abridging the entire report in such a way that decision-making personnel can rapidly become acquainted with background information, concise analysis and main conclusions Expertly devised analyst overview along with Investment opportunities to provide both individuals and organizations a strong financial foothold in the market Checkout other related studies in the Pharmaceuticals Segment:  Biosimilars Market:  http://www.marketdataforecast.com/market-reports/global-biosimilars-market-1142/ Cancer Monoclonal Antibodies (mAbs) Market:  http://www.marketdataforecast.com/market-reports/global-cancer-monoclonal-antibodies-market-185/ Over the Counter (OTC) Drugs Market:  http://www.marketdataforecast.com/market-reports/global-over-the-counter-drugs-market-509/ Regenerative Medicine Market:  http://www.marketdataforecast.com/market-reports/global-regenerative-medicines-market-272/ Sports Medicine Market:  http://www.marketdataforecast.com/market-reports/global-sports-medicine-market-467/ About Us:  Market Data Forecast is a firm working in the area of market research and business intelligence. With rich experience in research across various business domains, we cater to the needs of both individual and corporate clients. Our analyst team comprises expert professionals in market research, who with their collective knowledge and skillset dedicatedly serve clients from various industries and regions. Contact: Abhishek Shukla Team Lead (International Business Development) Market Data Forecast Direct Line: +1-888-702-9626 Mobile: +91 998 555 0206 Mail: abhishek@marketdataforecast.com Visit MarketDataForecast Blog @ http://www.marketdataforecast.com/blog/ View latest Press Releases of MDF @ http://www.marketdataforecast.com/press-releases SOURCE Market Data Forecast satprnews.com Author karolPosted on November 7, 2016November 7, 2016Categories Uncategorized Post navigation Previous Previous post: Bayshore Networks(R) Appoints Ram Boreda Vice President Product Management Next Next post: Global Frozen Fruits and Vegetables Market to Grow at a CAGR Over 5.34% Post 2027 Search for: Search Recent Posts Corporate Capital Trust announces third quarter 2016 results TEAM HEALTH MERGER INVESTIGATION ALERT – Andrews & Springer LLC Is Seeking More Cash for Shareholders of Team Health Holdings, Inc. Propel Media Reports $6.1 million of Adjusted EBITDA for the 3rd Quarter of 2016 Matrix Lanza PowerWatch, el Primer Reloj Inteligente del Mundo que Nunca Necesita Cargarse Matrix bringt PowerWatch heraus, die erste Smartwatch der Welt, die nie aufgeladen werden muss Recent Comments Archives November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 Categories Space Flight Uncategorized Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Partners TS2 Space Space Flights .news Military Technologies Proudly powered by WordPress
About Us Contact Us Help user name password Client login:    First time user sign up Forgot your login info? Website Directory     Submit Website Search All categoriesAdvertising  GeneralAerospace  GeneralAgriculture  GeneralAirlines  GeneralAmerica - Post 9/11  GeneralApparel  GeneralApple Products  GeneralArchitectural  GeneralArchitecture  ArchitectureArt & Entertainments  Books  Celebrities  Country Music  Dance  Magazines  Movies  Museums  Music  Music Downloads  News & Talk Shows  Performing Arts  Photography  Television  Web SitesArts/Culture  GeneralAuction  GeneralAutomotive  Aftermarket  Classic Autos  Consumer Publications  General  Motorcycle & Bike  Racing  Recreational Vehicle  Repair & Service  Trade PublicationsBlogging & Social Media  Blogging & Social MediaBusiness  Advertising / Marketing  Books  Consumer Research  Direct Marketing  e-Commerce  Entrepreneurs  Finance  Franchise  Human Resources  Insurance  Investment  Management  Markets  Network Marketing  Online Marketing / SEO  Payday Loans  Public Relations  Publications  Real Estate  Retail  Stocks  Supermarkets  Women in BusinessCareers/HR  GeneralChemical  GeneralCoaching / Mentoring  Coaching / MentoringComputers  Apple Products  Databases  Games & Entertainment  General  Hosting  Instruction  Linux / GNU "Open Source"  Macintosh  Microsoft Windows PC  Operating Systems  Programming  Security  Software  Tablet PCs  UtilitiesConstruction  GeneralConsumer  Gifts and Collectibles  Hobbies  Web sites / InternetDesign  Graphic Design  Industrial  WebE-Cigarette  GeneraleCommerce  GeneralEconomy  GeneralEducation  College / University  General  Home Schooling  K-12  Post Graduate  TechnicalElectronics  GeneralEmail Marketing  GeneralEmailWire Press Releases  Press Release TipsEmployment/Careers  GeneralEngineering  GeneralEntertainment  GeneralEnvironment  GeneralEvents / Trade Shows  GeneralFinance  GeneralFood  GeneralFranchise  GeneralFraud / Identity Theft  GeneralGaming  GeneralGovernment  General  Judicial  Law Enforcement  Legislative  Local  National  Public Services  Security  State  TransportationHealthcare  GeneralHome and Family  Banking / Personal Finance  Bereavement / Loss  Home Furnishings / Interiors  Landscaping & Gardening  Marriage / Relationships  Money  Parenting  Payday Loans  Pets  Taxes  Wedding / BridalHome Schooling  GeneralHotels/Resorts  GeneralHousehold  GeneralIndustry  Aerospace / Defense  Agriculture  Apparel / Textiles  Broadcast  Construction / Building  Electrical  Food  Funeral  Healthcare  Leisure / Hospitality  Logistics / Shipping  Manufacturing / Production  Mining / Metals  Oil / Energy  Paper / Forest Products  Plumbing, Heating & AC  Print Media  Printing  Publishing  Radio  Restaurants  Tobacco  ToyInsurance  GeneralInternet/Online  GeneralLegal  GeneralLeisure  GeneralLifestyle  Beauty  Dating / Singles  Diet / Weight Loss  Fashion  Food / Beverage  Health & Fitness  Hotel / Resorts  Pastimes  Restaurants  Retirement  Travel & TourismMachinery  GeneralMaritime  GeneralMedical  Addiction  Allergies  Alternative Medicine  Asthma  Cancer  Cardiology  Chiropractic  Dental  Dermatology  Diabetes  Emergency  Family Medicine  General  General  Geriatrics  Hospitals  Infectious Diseases  Internal Medicine  Managed Care / HMO  Medical Products  Mental Health  Neurology  Nursing  Nutrition  OB / GYN  Pediatrics  Pharmaceuticals  Physical Therapy  Plastic Surgery  Psychology  Radiology / Imaging  Research  Sports Medicine  Surgery  VisionMilitary  GeneralMining/Metals  GeneralMiscellaneous  GeneralNanotechnology  NanotechnologyNon-profit  GeneralOccupational Safety  Occupational SafetyOil/Energy  GeneralOpinion / Editorial  Opinion / EditorialPaper Products  GeneralPaper/Forest  GeneralPharmaceuticals  GeneralPodcasting  Announce  Tools and ServicesPolitics  PoliticsPrint Media  GeneralPublic Utilities  Public UtilitiesPublishing  GeneralRadio  GeneralReal Estate  GeneralReligion  Christian  General  Islam  Jewish  OtherRestaurants  GeneralRetail  GeneralRSS & Content Syndication  RSS & Content SyndicationScience and Research  Science and ResearchSelf-Help / Personal Growth  Self-Help / Personal GrowthShipbuilding  GeneralSociety  African American Interests  Asian Interests  Childrens Issues  Disabled Issues / Disabilities  Gay / Lesbian  Hispanic  Mens Interests  Native American  Senior Citizens  Social Services  Teen Issues/Interests  Womens InterestSoftware  GeneralSports  Baseball  Basketball  Bicycling  Boating / Maritime  Bowling  Boxing  Fishing  Football  Golf  Hockey  Hunting  Martial Arts  Outdoors  Rugby  Soccer  Tennis  Water  Winter/SnowSports/Fitness  GeneralStocks  GeneralSupermarkets  GeneralTechnology  Biotechnology  Computer  Electronics  Enterprise Software  Games  Graphics/Printing/CAD  Hardware / Peripherals  Industrial  Information  Internet  Multimedia  Networking  Public Sector/Government  Robotics  Semiconductor  Software  Telecommunications  WebmastersTelecom  General  WirelessTelevision  GeneralTobacco  GeneralTrade  GeneralTransportation  GeneralTravel  GeneralUtilities  GeneralVolunteer  VolunteerWeather  Weather Home > News By Company > ReportsWeb.com Tweet   Peptide Therapeutics Market: Industry Trader and Distributor Analysis ReportsWeb.com has announced the addition of the Global Peptide Therapeutics Market Research Report 2016 The report focuses on global major leading industry players with information such as company profiles, product picture and specification.   (EMAILWIRE.COM, November 07, 2016 ) This report studies Peptide Therapeutics in Global market, especially in North America, Europe, China, Japan, Southeast Asia and India, focuses on top manufacturers in global market, with Production, price, revenue and market share for each manufacturer, covering Amgen Roche Sanofi Takeda Pharmaceutical Lonza Novartis AstraZeneca Bachem CordenPharma Eli Lilly Ipsen Merck Novo Nordisk PolyPeptide Group Teva Complete report is available at http://www.reportsweb.com/global-peptide-therapeutics-market-research-report-2016 Market Segment by Regions, this report splits Global into several key Regions, with production, consumption, revenue, market share and growth rate of Peptide Therapeutics in these regions, from 2011 to 2021 (forecast), like North America Europe China Japan Southeast Asia India Get a SAMPLE Request at http://www.reportsweb.com/inquiry&RW0001452016/sample Split by application, this report focuses on consumption, market share and growth rate of Peptide Therapeutics in each application, can be divided into Cancer Cardiovascular Central Nervous System Metabolic Disorders Infection Hematological Disorders Gastrointestinal Disorders Respiratory Disorders Acromegaly Other Applications Few points from Table of Contents: 4 Global Peptide Therapeutics Supply (Production), Consumption, Export, Import by Regions (2011-2016) 4.1 Global Peptide Therapeutics Consumption by Regions (2011-2016) 4.2 North America Peptide Therapeutics Production, Consumption, Export, Import by Regions (2011-2016) 4.3 Europe Peptide Therapeutics Production, Consumption, Export, Import by Regions (2011-2016) 4.4 China Peptide Therapeutics Production, Consumption, Export, Import by Regions (2011-2016) 4.5 Japan Peptide Therapeutics Production, Consumption, Export, Import by Regions (2011-2016) 4.6 Southeast Asia Peptide Therapeutics Production, Consumption, Export, Import by Regions (2011-2016) 4.7 India Peptide Therapeutics Production, Consumption, Export, Import by Regions (2011-2016) 5 Global Peptide Therapeutics Production, Revenue (Value), Price Trend by Type 5.1 Global Peptide Therapeutics Production and Market Share by Type (2011-2016) 5.2 Global Peptide Therapeutics Revenue and Market Share by Type (2011-2016) 5.3 Global Peptide Therapeutics Price by Type (2011-2016) 5.4 Global Peptide Therapeutics Production Growth by Type (2011-2016) Get Discount at http://www.reportsweb.com/inquiry&RW0001452016/discount 6 Global Peptide Therapeutics Market Analysis by Application 6.1 Global Peptide Therapeutics Consumption and Market Share by Application (2011-2016) 6.2 Global Peptide Therapeutics Consumption Growth Rate by Application (2011-2016) 6.3 Market Drivers and Opportunities 6.3.1 Potential Applications 6.3.2 Emerging Markets/Countries 7 Global Peptide Therapeutics Manufacturers Profiles/Analysis 7.1 Amgen 7.1.1 Company Basic Information, Manufacturing Base and Its Competitors 7.1.2 Peptide Therapeutics Product Type, Application and Specification 7.1.2.1 Type I 7.1.2.2 Type II 7.1.3 Amgen Peptide Therapeutics Production, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2015 and 2016) 7.1.4 Main Business/Business Overview 7.2 Roche 7.2.1 Company Basic Information, Manufacturing Base and Its Competitors 7.2.2 Peptide Therapeutics Product Type, Application and Specification 7.2.2.1 Type I 7.2.2.2 Type II 7.2.3 Roche Peptide Therapeutics Production, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2015 and 2016) 7.2.4 Main Business/Business Overview 7.3 Sanofi 7.3.1 Company Basic Information, Manufacturing Base and Its Competitors 7.3.2 Peptide Therapeutics Product Type, Application and Specification 7.3.2.1 Type I 7.3.2.2 Type II 7.3.3 Sanofi Peptide Therapeutics Production, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2015 and 2016) 7.3.4 Main Business/Business Overview Purchase complete report at http://www.reportsweb.com/buy&RW0001452016/buy/2900 Contact Information: ReportsWeb.com Priya Sisodia Tel: +1-646-491-9876 Email us This is a press release. Press release distribution and press release services by EmailWire.Com: http://www.emailwire.com/us-press-release-distribution.php. 
   Search All categoriesAdvertising  GeneralAerospace  GeneralAgriculture  GeneralAirlines  GeneralAmerica - Post 9/11  GeneralApparel  GeneralApple Products  GeneralArchitectural  GeneralArchitecture  ArchitectureArt & Entertainments  Books  Celebrities  Country Music  Dance  Magazines  Movies  Museums  Music  Music Downloads  News & Talk Shows  Performing Arts  Photography  Television  Web SitesArts/Culture  GeneralAuction  GeneralAutomotive  Aftermarket  Classic Autos  Consumer Publications  General  Motorcycle & Bike  Racing  Recreational Vehicle  Repair & Service  Trade PublicationsBlogging & Social Media  Blogging & Social MediaBusiness  Advertising / Marketing  Books  Consumer Research  Direct Marketing  e-Commerce  Entrepreneurs  Finance  Franchise  Human Resources  Insurance  Investment  Management  Markets  Network Marketing  Online Marketing / SEO  Payday Loans  Public Relations  Publications  Real Estate  Retail  Stocks  Supermarkets  Women in BusinessCareers/HR  GeneralChemical  GeneralCoaching / Mentoring  Coaching / MentoringComputers  Apple Products  Databases  Games & Entertainment  General  Hosting  Instruction  Linux / GNU "Open Source"  Macintosh  Microsoft Windows PC  Operating Systems  Programming  Security  Software  Tablet PCs  UtilitiesConstruction  GeneralConsumer  Gifts and Collectibles  Hobbies  Web sites / InternetDesign  Graphic Design  Industrial  WebE-Cigarette  GeneraleCommerce  GeneralEconomy  GeneralEducation  College / University  General  Home Schooling  K-12  Post Graduate  TechnicalElectronics  GeneralEmail Marketing  GeneralEmailWire Press Releases  Press Release TipsEmployment/Careers  GeneralEngineering  GeneralEntertainment  GeneralEnvironment  GeneralEvents / Trade Shows  GeneralFinance  GeneralFood  GeneralFranchise  GeneralFraud / Identity Theft  GeneralGaming  GeneralGovernment  General  Judicial  Law Enforcement  Legislative  Local  National  Public Services  Security  State  TransportationHealthcare  GeneralHome and Family  Banking / Personal Finance  Bereavement / Loss  Home Furnishings / Interiors  Landscaping & Gardening  Marriage / Relationships  Money  Parenting  Payday Loans  Pets  Taxes  Wedding / BridalHome Schooling  GeneralHotels/Resorts  GeneralHousehold  GeneralIndustry  Aerospace / Defense  Agriculture  Apparel / Textiles  Broadcast  Construction / Building  Electrical  Food  Funeral  Healthcare  Leisure / Hospitality  Logistics / Shipping  Manufacturing / Production  Mining / Metals  Oil / Energy  Paper / Forest Products  Plumbing, Heating & AC  Print Media  Printing  Publishing  Radio  Restaurants  Tobacco  ToyInsurance  GeneralInternet/Online  GeneralLegal  GeneralLeisure  GeneralLifestyle  Beauty  Dating / Singles  Diet / Weight Loss  Fashion  Food / Beverage  Health & Fitness  Hotel / Resorts  Pastimes  Restaurants  Retirement  Travel & TourismMachinery  GeneralMaritime  GeneralMedical  Addiction  Allergies  Alternative Medicine  Asthma  Cancer  Cardiology  Chiropractic  Dental  Dermatology  Diabetes  Emergency  Family Medicine  General  General  Geriatrics  Hospitals  Infectious Diseases  Internal Medicine  Managed Care / HMO  Medical Products  Mental Health  Neurology  Nursing  Nutrition  OB / GYN  Pediatrics  Pharmaceuticals  Physical Therapy  Plastic Surgery  Psychology  Radiology / Imaging  Research  Sports Medicine  Surgery  VisionMilitary  GeneralMining/Metals  GeneralMiscellaneous  GeneralNanotechnology  NanotechnologyNon-profit  GeneralOccupational Safety  Occupational SafetyOil/Energy  GeneralOpinion / Editorial  Opinion / EditorialPaper Products  GeneralPaper/Forest  GeneralPharmaceuticals  GeneralPodcasting  Announce  Tools and ServicesPolitics  PoliticsPrint Media  GeneralPublic Utilities  Public UtilitiesPublishing  GeneralRadio  GeneralReal Estate  GeneralReligion  Christian  General  Islam  Jewish  OtherRestaurants  GeneralRetail  GeneralRSS & Content Syndication  RSS & Content SyndicationScience and Research  Science and ResearchSelf-Help / Personal Growth  Self-Help / Personal GrowthShipbuilding  GeneralSociety  African American Interests  Asian Interests  Childrens Issues  Disabled Issues / Disabilities  Gay / Lesbian  Hispanic  Mens Interests  Native American  Senior Citizens  Social Services  Teen Issues/Interests  Womens InterestSoftware  GeneralSports  Baseball  Basketball  Bicycling  Boating / Maritime  Bowling  Boxing  Fishing  Football  Golf  Hockey  Hunting  Martial Arts  Outdoors  Rugby  Soccer  Tennis  Water  Winter/SnowSports/Fitness  GeneralStocks  GeneralSupermarkets  GeneralTechnology  Biotechnology  Computer  Electronics  Enterprise Software  Games  Graphics/Printing/CAD  Hardware / Peripherals  Industrial  Information  Internet  Multimedia  Networking  Public Sector/Government  Robotics  Semiconductor  Software  Telecommunications  WebmastersTelecom  General  WirelessTelevision  GeneralTobacco  GeneralTrade  GeneralTransportation  GeneralTravel  GeneralUtilities  GeneralVolunteer  VolunteerWeather  Weather Advertising | How to contact us | Privacy Statement | EmailWire Press Releases | Partnership Opportunities EmailWire is a press release distribution service of GroupWeb Media LLC. © Copyright GroupWeb Media LLC 2016
Dienstag, 15.11.2016 Börsentäglich über 12.000 News von 551 internationalen Medien Indizes Kurs % News 24 h / 7 T Aufrufe 7 Tage Aktien Kurs % News 24 h / 7 T Aufrufe 7 Tage Xetra-Orderbuch Devisen Kurs % Rohstoffe Kurs % Passende Knock-Outs zu Ihrer Suchanfrage (Anzeige) Erweiterte Suche Ad hoc-Mitteilungen Startseite Nachrichten Aktienkurse Fonds Anleihen Derivate Rohstoffe Devisen Watchlist Aufklappen Schliessen Nachrichten»Monoclonal Antibodies Leading the way in Multi-billion Dollar Biopharmaceuticals Industry 07.11.2016 | 15:31 (1 Leser) Schrift ändern: (0 Bewertungen) PR Newswire·Mehr Nachrichten von PR Newswire Monoclonal Antibodies Leading the way in Multi-billion Dollar Biopharmaceuticals Industry HYDERABAD, India, November 7, 2016 /PRNewswire/ -- According to the report "Global Bio Pharmaceuticals Market" published by Market Data Forecast, the global market is projected to reach USD 250.62 Billion by 2021, at a CAGR of 9.2% from 2016 to 2021. (Logo: http://photos.prnewswire.com/prnh/20160913/406914LOGO ) For full report refer to "http://www.marketdataforecast.com/market-reports/global-bio-pharmaceuticals-market-633/" Free sample for the report is available at "http://www.marketdataforecast.com/market-reports/global-bio-pharmaceuticals-market-633/request-sample" Biopharmaceuticals industry has come a long way since approval of its first drug. Now, several drugs have already been approved and many more are in last stages of their clinical trial. These drugs have not only innovated the prevention and treatment of a number of life threatening diseases but have also delivered the thrust for the constant success of the pharmaceutical industry. Major factors driving the growth of the market are rising healthcare expenditure, growing awareness regarding biopharmaceutical drugs and increasing aging population. Ability of these drugs to treat chronic diseases which were earlier untreatable is increasing its demand enormously and also increases the profit margin for manufacturers. To enquire more about the report, go to "http://www.marketdataforecast.com/market-reports/global-bio-pharmaceuticals-market-633/inquire" The Global Biopharmaceuticals Market is segmented and analysed as follows By Product Type: Monoclonal Antibodies (mAb) Erythropoietin Biotech Vaccines Recombinant Human (RH) Insulin Granulocyte colony-stimulating factor (G-CSF) Interferon Human growth hormones (HGH) By Therapeutic Type: Neurology Infectious diseases Diabetes Oncology Cardiovascular Other Therapeutic Areas By Geography: North America Biopharmaceuticals Market Europe Biopharmaceuticals Market Asia-pacific Biopharmaceuticals Market Latin America Biopharmaceuticals Market Middle-East and Africa Biopharmaceuticals Market Merck & Co., Inc., F. Hoffmann-La Roche AG, Eli Lilly and Company, Inc., Sanofi, Amgen Inc., AbbVie Inc., Biogen Idec, Bayer AG, Johnson & Johnson Services, Pfizer, Inc., and Novartis AG are some of the leading players in the market for biopharmaceuticals. To buy the full report, go to "https://www.marketdataforecast.com/cart/buy-now/global-bio-pharmaceuticals-market-633" Scope of the Biopharmaceuticals Market Study: Global, regional and country-level analysisand forecasts of the study market; providing Insights on the major countries/regions in which this industry is blooming and to also identify the regions that are still untapped Segment-level analysisin terms of technology, component, and type along with market size forecasts and estimations to detect key areas of industry growth in detail Identification of key drivers, restraints, opportunities, and challenges(DROC)in the market and their impact on shifting market dynamics Study of the effect of exogenous and endogenous factors that affect the global market; which includes broadly demographic, economics, and political, among other macro-environmental factors presented in an extensivePESTLE Analysis Study the micro environment factors that determine the overall profitability of an Industry, usingPorter's five forces analysisfor analysing the level of competition and business strategy development A comprehensive list ofkey market playersalong with their product portfolio, current strategic interests, key financial information, legal issues, SWOT analysis and analyst overview to study and sustain the market environment Competitive landscape analysislisting out the mergers, acquisitions, collaborations in the field along with new product launches, comparative financial studies and recent developments in the market by the major companies Anexecutive summary, abridging the entire report in such a way that decision-making personnel can rapidly become acquainted with background information, concise analysis and main conclusions Expertly devised analyst overview along withInvestment opportunitiesto provide both individuals and organizations a strong financial foothold in the market Checkout other related studies in the Pharmaceuticals Segment: Biosimilars Market: http://www.marketdataforecast.com/market-reports/global-biosimilars-market-1142/ Cancer Monoclonal Antibodies (mAbs) Market: http://www.marketdataforecast.com/market-reports/global-cancer-monoclonal-antibodies-market-185/ Over the Counter (OTC) Drugs Market: http://www.marketdataforecast.com/market-reports/global-over-the-counter-drugs-market-509/ Regenerative Medicine Market: http://www.marketdataforecast.com/market-reports/global-regenerative-medicines-market-272/ Sports Medicine Market: http://www.marketdataforecast.com/market-reports/global-sports-medicine-market-467/ About Us: Market Data Forecast is a firm working in the area of market research and business intelligence. With rich experience in research across various business domains, we cater to the needs of both individual and corporate clients. Our analyst team comprises expert professionals in market research, who with their collective knowledge and skillset dedicatedly serve clients from various industries and regions. Contact: Abhishek Shukla Team Lead (International Business Development) Market Data Forecast Direct Line: +1-888-702-9626 Mobile: +91 998 555 0206 Mail: abhishek@marketdataforecast.com Visit MarketDataForecast Blog @ http://www.marketdataforecast.com/blog/ View latest Press Releases of MDF @ http://www.marketdataforecast.com/press-releases © 2016 PR Newswire Sie erhalten auf FinanzNachrichten.de kostenlose Realtime-Aktienkurse von  und  mit der Push-Technologie von   Wie bewerten Sie die aktuell angezeigte Seite?sehr gut123456schlechtProblem melden Google+ Seite Nachrichten • Aktienkurse • DAX • Xetra-Orderbuch • Watchlist Ad hoc-Mitteilungen • Nachrichten Börsen • Aktien-Empfehlungen Branchen • Medien • Nachrichten-Archiv Impressum | AGB | Disclaimer • Presse • Mediadaten RSS-News von FinanzNachrichten.de kostenlos für Ihren Browser und Ihre Homepage
null
▮ Home ▮ Business Latest Headlines Top Stories Breaking News Earnings Biotech Investors IPOs M&A Canadian UK Key Wallstreet Events ▮ Industry News Technology Software Banking Automotive Energy More ▮ Stock Alerts Active Traders Before the Bell $5 and under Intraday Updates After the Bell ▮ Corp. Calendars Dividends Stock Splits Buybacks Conference Calls ▮ Earnings Calendars Earnings Calendar Pos Pre-announcements Profit Warnings Positive Surprise Negative Surprise Latest Earnings ▮ FDA Calendars Drug Approvals Device Approvals Clinical Trial Calendar ▮ Ratings Changes Upgrades Downgrades Cov Initiations Cov. Reiterated ▮ Economy US Europe Asia Global Economic Calendar Economic Scorecard Fed Members ▮ Markets Morning Mkt Analysis US Commentary European Commentary Asian Commentary Canadian Commentary Indian Commentary Commodities Bonds Currencies ▮ Politics US World White House Elections Congress General News ▮ Forex FX Top Stories Currency Analysis Currency Alerts Economic Calendar Economic Scorecard ▮ Health Hot Topics Diet & Fitness Kids Health Men's Health Women's Health Cancer News Drug Development Mental Health ▮ Tech Hot Topics Gadgets & Games Mobile Green Tech ▮ Entertainment Top Stories TV News Movie News Slide Shows Game of Thrones ▮ Music news Pop Rock Classic Rock Rap/Hip-Hop Country Alternative Oldies All Genre ▮ Content Licensing Newswires & Feeds Content Syndication Digital Signage Services Radio News Services ▮ Premium Emerging Biostocks Under The Radar Short-Term Investor NewsStream Login ▮ More Free Content RSS Feeds Search ▮ Blog Political Science / Nature Fundamental Analysis ▮ Columns Science & Tech Arts & Leisure Politics & Policy Money Home Business Latest Headlines Top Stories Breaking News Earnings Biotech Investors IPOs M&A Canadian UK Key Wallstreet Events Industry News Technology Software Banking Automotive Energy More Stock Alerts Active Traders Before the Bell $5 and under Intraday Updates After the Bell Corp. Calendars Dividends Stock Splits Buybacks Conference Calls Earnings Calendars Earnings Calendar Pos Pre-announcements Profit Warnings Positive Surprise Negative Surprise Latest Earnings FDA Calendars Drug Approvals Device Approvals Clinical Trial Calendar Ratings Changes Upgrades Downgrades Cov Initiations Cov. Reiterated Economy US Europe Asia Global Economic Calendar Economic Scorecard Fed Members Markets Morning Mkt Analysis US Commentary European Commentary Asian Commentary Canadian Commentary Indian Commentary Commodities Bonds Currencies Politics US World White House Elections Congress General News Forex FX Top Stories Currency Analysis Currency Alerts Economic Calendar Economic Scorecard Health Hot Topics Diet & Fitness Kids Health Men's Health Women's Health Cancer News Drug Development Mental Health Tech Hot Topics Gadgets & Games Mobile Green Tech Entertainment Top Stories TV News Movie News Slide Shows Game of Thrones Music news Pop Rock Classic Rock Rap/Hip-Hop Country Alternative Oldies All Genre Content Licensing Newswires & Feeds Content Syndication Digital Signage Services Radio News Services Premium Emerging Biostocks Under The Radar Short-Term Investor NewsStream Login More Free Content RSS Feeds Search Blog Political Science / Nature Fundamental Analysis Columns Science & Tech Arts & Leisure Politics & Policy Money Commentary   E-MAIL  SHARE FONT-SIZE    Tweet Share DAX Rallies As Banks Surge 11/7/2016 4:16 AM ET German shares are rallying in early trade Monday, as a rebound in oil prices and fresh hopes that Democrat presidential candidate Hillary Clinton will win the U.S. election helped investors shrug off sluggish factory orders data. Clinton's likelihood of winning increased slightly after FBI director James Comey told Congress that a review of new evidence didn't uncover any wrongdoing by her. The benchmark DAX is currently up 149 points or 1.45 percent at 10,408 in opening deals after declining 0.7 percent on Friday. Banks are rallying, with Commerzbank up 2.3 percent and Deutsche Bank rising 2.5 percent. Drug maker Merck KgaA is climbing 1.5 percent after it entered into a collaboration agreement with Japan's Idemitsu Kosan Co., Ltd that allows each party to use the other party's OLED material-related patents in certain areas. Bayer is gaining 0.7 percent after saying it had applied for extended marketing authorization of its oral multi-kinase inhibitor Regorafenib in the U.S., Japan and Europe. MorphoSys shares are up half a percent. The biotechnology firm confirmed its 2016 guidance for Group revenues after reporting a consolidated loss of 31.6 million euros in the first nine months of the year. Volkswagen shares are marginally lower as German prosecutors widened an inquiry into the company's emissions scandal to include its Chairman. In economic releases, figures from Destatis showed that German factory orders contracted unexpectedly in September largely due to a fall in domestic demand. Factory orders fell 0.6 percent from August, when it grew by revised 0.9 percent. by RTT Staff Writer For comments and feedback: editorial@rttnews.com The Most Influential Books In Business Fed Chatterbox: Economic Preview Week of November 14 Forget Canada: The Best Places To Flee Trump's America More Commentary -Global Flat Lead Tipped For South Korea Shares Stocks Close Mixed Following Lackluster Session - U.S. Commentary Stocks Remain Mixed In Mid-Day Trading - U.S. Commentary European Markets Pare Early Gains After Crude Oil Prices Turn Lower Major Averages Turning In Mixed Performance In Early Trading - U.S. Commentary Stocks May Show A Lack Of Direction In Early Trading - U.S. Commentary Wall Street Set To Open Mixed European Shares Rally As Investors Ponder Trump's Policies FTSE 100 Rallies As Pound Drifts Lower CAC 40 Rebounds Amid Bets On Trump Presidency; AXA Shares Up 2% DAX Rallies On Optimism About Trump's Presidency Asian Shares Mostly Lower, Nikkei Bucks Trend On Weaker Yen European Shares Seen Up Despite Weak Asian Cues Indian Markets Closed For Public Holiday Asian Markets Mostly Lower <<Previous        129 Articles Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. comments powered by Disqus Follow RTT Editor's Pick Most Read Most Emailed Amaya Gets Huge Buyout Bid From Former CEO Zuckerberg: Facebook Hoax News Did Not Get Trump Elected Kenneth Cole Closing Brick-and-Mortars Samsung To Buy Harman Intl' In About $8 Bln All-cash Deal Siemens To Buy Mentor Graphics For $4.5 Bln Enterprise Value Nasty Gal Files For Bankruptcy Allianz Stock Climbs On Q3 Profit Growth, Confirms FY16 Profit View Walt Disney Q4 Profit Down - Update Forget Canada: The Best Places To Escape Trump's America Continental Stock Dips On Weak Q3 Profit; Sees Strong Earnings In Q4 AstraZeneca Q3 Pre-tax Profit Down On Crestor Generic; Backs FY View Alphabet Cancels Drone Deal With Starbucks As Project Leaders Pushed Out ADAP Surges As FDA Lifts Clinical Hold, OCUL Catches Eyes, RegeneRx On The Rise ARWR's Hepatitis B Drug On Clinical Hold, GMED Disappoints, A First For MYL AdvancePierre Foods Appoints Christopher Sliva As President ANTH Plunges As Lupus Trial Fails, BMY's Opdivo Is At It Again, FDA Nod For GILD Engie 9-month EBITDA Declines - Quick Facts AMGN Crosses BRIDGE, Anxiety Over PTCT's Translarna Eases, EGRX Opens Wallet Pfizer : IBRANCE Approved In Europe To Treat HR+/HER2- Metastatic Breast Cancer Forget Canada: The Best Places To Escape Trump's America Alphabet Cancels Drone Deal With Starbucks As Project Leaders Pushed Out Google Rejects EU Antitrust Charges Allianz Stock Climbs On Q3 Profit Growth, Confirms FY16 Profit View Walt Disney Q4 Profit Down - Update Facebook Taking Aim At LinkedIn Samsung To Buy Harman Intl' In About $8 Bln All-cash Deal Rio Tinto Suspends Unit CEO Alan Davies Amid Guinea Payments Investigation Alstom Turns To Profit In H1; Sales, Orders Up; Backs 2020 View - Quick Facts Kuka Group Q3 Profit Surges; Lowers FY16 Sales Outlook - Quick Facts HeidelbergCement Q3 Profit Down;says Confident To Exceed €400 Mln Synergy Target Osram Licht Q4 Profit Declines; Sees Growth In 2017 - Quick Facts Heidelberg Reports Positive Net Result In Q2; Affirms Fiscal Year Targets Carlsberg Q3 Revenues Decline; But Lifts FY16 Profit Outlook - Quick Facts E.ON 9-month Loss Narrows; Confirms 2016 Profit Outlook Munich Re Lifts FY View, Q3 Profit Rises - Quick Facts Swiss Life 9-month Fee Income Rises; Premiums Down; On Track For FY16 Targets Copyright © 2016 RTTNews. All rights reserved. By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Service. About Us   |   Privacy   |   Feedback   |   Sitemap
Dienstag, 15.11.2016 Börsentäglich über 12.000 News von 551 internationalen Medien Indizes Kurs % News 24 h / 7 T Aufrufe 7 Tage Aktien Kurs % News 24 h / 7 T Aufrufe 7 Tage Xetra-Orderbuch Devisen Kurs % Rohstoffe Kurs % Passende Knock-Outs zu Ihrer Suchanfrage (Anzeige) Erweiterte Suche Ad hoc-Mitteilungen Startseite Nachrichten Aktienkurse Fonds Anleihen Derivate Rohstoffe Devisen Watchlist Aufklappen Schliessen Nachrichten»DAX Rallies As Banks Surge 07.11.2016 | 10:32 (2 Leser) Schrift ändern: (0 Bewertungen) AFX News·Mehr Nachrichten von AFX News DAX Rallies As Banks Surge VIENNA (dpa-AFX) - German shares are rallying in early trade Monday, as a rebound in oil prices and fresh hopes that Democrat presidential candidate Hillary Clinton will win the U.S. election helped investors shrug off sluggish factory orders data. Clinton's likelihood of winning increased slightly after FBI director James Comey told Congress that a review of new evidence didn't uncover any wrongdoing by her. The benchmark DAX is currently up 149 points or 1.45 percent at 10,408 in opening deals after declining 0.7 percent on Friday. Banks are rallying, with Commerzbank up 2.3 percent and Deutsche Bank rising 2.5 percent. Drug maker Merck KgaA is climbing 1.5 percent after it entered into a collaboration agreement with Japan's Idemitsu Kosan Co., Ltd that allows each party to use the other party's OLED material-related patents in certain areas. Bayer is gaining 0.7 percent after saying it had applied for extended marketing authorization of its oral multi-kinase inhibitor Regorafenib in the U.S., Japan and Europe. MorphoSys shares are up half a percent. The biotechnology firm confirmed its 2016 guidance for Group revenues after reporting a consolidated loss of 31.6 million euros in the first nine months of the year. Volkswagen shares are marginally lower as German prosecutors widened an inquiry into the company's emissions scandal to include its Chairman. In economic releases, figures from Destatis showed that German factory orders contracted unexpectedly in September largely due to a fall in domestic demand. Factory orders fell 0.6 percent from August, when it grew by revised 0.9 percent. Copyright RTT News/dpa-AFX © 2016 AFX News Sie erhalten auf FinanzNachrichten.de kostenlose Realtime-Aktienkurse von  und  mit der Push-Technologie von   Wie bewerten Sie die aktuell angezeigte Seite?sehr gut123456schlechtProblem melden Google+ Seite Nachrichten • Aktienkurse • DAX • Xetra-Orderbuch • Watchlist Ad hoc-Mitteilungen • Nachrichten Börsen • Aktien-Empfehlungen Branchen • Medien • Nachrichten-Archiv Impressum | AGB | Disclaimer • Presse • Mediadaten RSS-News von FinanzNachrichten.de kostenlos für Ihren Browser und Ihre Homepage
Toggle navigation Toggle navigation Home Samachar News Finance SPORTS Movies Bawarchi Astrology Videos Gold rates DUBAI GOLD RATES RUPEE Jobs Health Antzill Techtalk Web Sify Search Sify.com Finance Crime After $ 195 million in talc verdicts, J&J strives to change court After $ 195 million in talc verdicts, J&J strives to change court Source : By : Brendan Pierson Last Updated: Mon, Nov 07, 2016 12:16 hrs Post your Comments Tweet Mail Print After a $67.5 million jury verdict against Johnson & Johnson on October 27 marked its third straight trial defeat in an onslaught of lawsuits claiming its talc-based products cause ovarian cancer, the company is hoping to reverse the trend by having the cases heard in a different court. All three awards, totaling around $195 million, were handed down in state court in St. Louis, Missouri, with the same judge presiding. Women or their families have filed 2,500 similar claims, the vast majority in the same court, which is one of several in the United States that attracts consumer lawsuits. The plaintiffs claim studies show J&J's Baby Powder and Shower to Shower products, when used in the vaginal area, increase the risk of ovarian cancer. The company counters that larger, more comprehensive studies show no such link. In a court filing in August, J&J argued the case should be dismissed because plaintiffs’ lawyers tainted the St. Louis jury pool. The company said the other side spent almost $10 million on national and local television commercials in the previous year, with a disproportionate share of them running in St. Louis. The women's lawyers have denied J&J's claim. The company also contended that, because most of them are not from St. Louis and the New Jersey-based company has no strong ties to the area, the cases should not have been heard there. The judge rejected both arguments. John Beisner, one of the top lawyers representing J&J, said the company plans to make the same arguments to the Missouri Court of Appeals. If the St. Louis court is found not to have jurisdiction, the cases would have to be refiled elsewhere. Beisner compared the St. Louis verdicts to a favorable ruling in September from a state court judge in New Jersey. That judge, who is presiding over some 200 talc cases, disqualified the plaintiffs' experts on the grounds that their scientific testimony was too speculative. In the same decision, he dismissed the first two cases set for trial and the ruling is being appealed. J&J unsuccessfully tried to block the testimony of the experts in St. Louis on similar grounds. The company will make the same challenge on appeal, Beisner said. Last week's $70 million verdict followed Missouri jury awards of $72 million in February and $55 million in May. The first big talc verdict in February was won by the family of Jacqueline Fox, who died in October 2015. Their lawyers said she used J&J Baby Powder and Shower to Shower Powder daily for 35 years for genital hygiene before she was diagnosed with ovarian cancer in 2013. Jere Beasley, whose firm has filed hundreds of talc cases, including the three Missouri wins and two New Jersey dismissals, said the verdicts should prompt J&J to make a deal. "If I were representing them, I would say, folks, we need to sit down and regroup and start trying to settle these cases," he said. LARGE VERDICTS Large verdicts are relatively common in major product liability cases, and they are often reduced or overturned on appeal. One lawsuit against Merck & Co over its recalled painkiller Vioxx produced a $253 million verdict in 2005, which was thrown out three years later. Merck eventually settled most Vioxx cases for $4.85 billion in 2007. Shareholders in J&J, which had sales of $70 billion last year, have so far shrugged off the three talc verdicts, the first of the cases to go to trial. But if the trend continues, liability could mount. The company has not reported setting aside any litigation reserve to deal with talc cases, as it has with previous claims over antipsychotic drug Rispardal and recalled hip implants. J&J no longer sells Shower to Shower, which was acquired by Valeant Pharmaceuticals in 2012. Though not a major seller on its own, Baby Powder is a recognized symbol of J&J’s baby care line, which brought in $2 billion in revenue in 2015. Some legal experts said it made sense for J&J to fight on. "Ordinarily I would say three verdicts like that would prompt you to think about settlement," said University of Georgia Law School professor Elizabeth Burch, who researches product liability cases, but she said J&J's case is somewhat different. A settlement would not necessarily cap J&J's liability, Burch said, because its talc products are still on the market, unlike companies whose products have been recalled. Howard Erichson, a professor at Fordham School of Law, said the company also had valid concerns about the impact of a settlement on its position in the market. "This is not Vioxx. This is not asbestos," Erichson said. "This is a case where the company wants to defend its brand, and is not going to be anxious to announce a big settlement that appears to concede that the product is harmful. SEARCH More from Sify: gold rate silver rate   Cities   Price (10g)   Gold Rate in Chennai   Rs. 29100.00 (0.45%)   Gold Rate in Mumbai   Rs. 30030.00 (-0.2%)   Gold Rate in Delhi   Rs. 29900.00 (0%)   Gold Rate in Kolkata   Rs. 29880.00 (0.37%)   Gold Rate in Kerala   Rs. 28900.00 (0%)   Gold Rate in Bangalore   Rs. 28900.00 (0.35%)   Gold Rate in Hyderabad   Rs. 29070.00 (0.17%) more   Cities   Price (1 kg)   Silver Rate in Chennai   Rs. 43855.00 (0.34%)   Silver Rate in Mumbai   Rs. 43855.00 (0.34%)   Silver Rate in Delhi   Rs. 43855.00 (0.34%)   Silver Rate in Kolkata   Rs. 43855.00 (0.34%)   Silver Rate in Kerala   Rs. 43855.00 (0.34%) more talking point on sify finance Latest News Why the one-day NDTV gag is a Modi masterstroke Politicising a veteran's suicide over OROP The economics of CPEC: What are the options for India? GST will come on time, but multiple rates will dilute benefits Diwali: 'Religious sentiments' over safety norms? School burning: Turning the clock back in Kashmir Questions surrounding the Bhopal encounter China-Pakistan corridor is against India's strategic interests More About Us Data Center Cloud Computing Servers Cloud Applications Hosting MPLS VPN Network Services Disclaimer Privacy Policy Careers Feedback Advertise Digital © Copyright Sify Technologies Ltd, 1998-2016. All rights reserved
Toggle navigation Toggle navigation Home Samachar News Finance SPORTS Movies Bawarchi Astrology Videos Gold rates DUBAI GOLD RATES RUPEE Jobs Health Antzill Techtalk Web Sify Search Sify.com News Crime After $ 195 million in talc verdicts, J&J strives to change court After $ 195 million in talc verdicts, J&J strives to change court Source : By : Brendan Pierson Last Updated: Mon, Nov 07, 2016 12:16 hrs Tweet Mail Print After a $67.5 million jury verdict against Johnson & Johnson on October 27 marked its third straight trial defeat in an onslaught of lawsuits claiming its talc-based products cause ovarian cancer, the company is hoping to reverse the trend by having the cases heard in a different court. All three awards, totaling around $195 million, were handed down in state court in St. Louis, Missouri, with the same judge presiding. Women or their families have filed 2,500 similar claims, the vast majority in the same court, which is one of several in the United States that attracts consumer lawsuits. The plaintiffs claim studies show J&J's Baby Powder and Shower to Shower products, when used in the vaginal area, increase the risk of ovarian cancer. The company counters that larger, more comprehensive studies show no such link. In a court filing in August, J&J argued the case should be dismissed because plaintiffs’ lawyers tainted the St. Louis jury pool. The company said the other side spent almost $10 million on national and local television commercials in the previous year, with a disproportionate share of them running in St. Louis. The women's lawyers have denied J&J's claim. The company also contended that, because most of them are not from St. Louis and the New Jersey-based company has no strong ties to the area, the cases should not have been heard there. The judge rejected both arguments. John Beisner, one of the top lawyers representing J&J, said the company plans to make the same arguments to the Missouri Court of Appeals. If the St. Louis court is found not to have jurisdiction, the cases would have to be refiled elsewhere. Beisner compared the St. Louis verdicts to a favorable ruling in September from a state court judge in New Jersey. That judge, who is presiding over some 200 talc cases, disqualified the plaintiffs' experts on the grounds that their scientific testimony was too speculative. In the same decision, he dismissed the first two cases set for trial and the ruling is being appealed. J&J unsuccessfully tried to block the testimony of the experts in St. Louis on similar grounds. The company will make the same challenge on appeal, Beisner said. Last week's $70 million verdict followed Missouri jury awards of $72 million in February and $55 million in May. The first big talc verdict in February was won by the family of Jacqueline Fox, who died in October 2015. Their lawyers said she used J&J Baby Powder and Shower to Shower Powder daily for 35 years for genital hygiene before she was diagnosed with ovarian cancer in 2013. Jere Beasley, whose firm has filed hundreds of talc cases, including the three Missouri wins and two New Jersey dismissals, said the verdicts should prompt J&J to make a deal. "If I were representing them, I would say, folks, we need to sit down and regroup and start trying to settle these cases," he said. LARGE VERDICTS Large verdicts are relatively common in major product liability cases, and they are often reduced or overturned on appeal. One lawsuit against Merck & Co over its recalled painkiller Vioxx produced a $253 million verdict in 2005, which was thrown out three years later. Merck eventually settled most Vioxx cases for $4.85 billion in 2007. Shareholders in J&J, which had sales of $70 billion last year, have so far shrugged off the three talc verdicts, the first of the cases to go to trial. But if the trend continues, liability could mount. The company has not reported setting aside any litigation reserve to deal with talc cases, as it has with previous claims over antipsychotic drug Rispardal and recalled hip implants. J&J no longer sells Shower to Shower, which was acquired by Valeant Pharmaceuticals in 2012. Though not a major seller on its own, Baby Powder is a recognized symbol of J&J’s baby care line, which brought in $2 billion in revenue in 2015. Some legal experts said it made sense for J&J to fight on. "Ordinarily I would say three verdicts like that would prompt you to think about settlement," said University of Georgia Law School professor Elizabeth Burch, who researches product liability cases, but she said J&J's case is somewhat different. A settlement would not necessarily cap J&J's liability, Burch said, because its talc products are still on the market, unlike companies whose products have been recalled. Howard Erichson, a professor at Fordham School of Law, said the company also had valid concerns about the impact of a settlement on its position in the market. "This is not Vioxx. This is not asbestos," Erichson said. "This is a case where the company wants to defend its brand, and is not going to be anxious to announce a big settlement that appears to concede that the product is harmful. SEARCH About Us Data Center Cloud Computing Servers Cloud Applications Hosting MPLS VPN Network Services Disclaimer Privacy Policy Careers Feedback Advertise Digital © Copyright Sify Technologies Ltd, 1998-2016. All rights reserved
Home News Weather Entertainment Sports Money More > Lifestyle Health & Fitness Food & Drink Travel Autos Video election 2016 money You are using an older browser version. Please use a supported version for the best MSN experience. After $195 million in talc verdicts, J&J strives to change court Reuters 11/6/2016 By Brendan Pierson © REUTERS/Shannon Stapleton/Illustration/File Photo A bottle of Johnson's Baby Powder is seen in a photo illustration taken in New York After a $67.5 million jury verdict against Johnson & Johnson (JNJ.N) on Oct. 27 marked its third straight trial defeat in an onslaught of lawsuits claiming its talc-based products cause ovarian cancer, the company is hoping to reverse the trend by having the cases heard in a different court. Quotes in the article Johnson & Johnson JNJ ▼ 116.60 -1.87 -1.58% Merck & Co Inc MRK ▼ 63.53 -0.42 -0.66% Merck KGaA MKGAF ▼ 102.25 -0.22 -0.21% Valeant Pharmaceuticals International Inc VRX ▼ 17.55 -0.45 -2.50% All three awards, totaling around $195 million, were handed down in state court in St. Louis, Missouri, with the same judge presiding. Women or their families have filed 2,500 similar claims, the vast majority in the same court, which is one of several in the United States that attracts consumer lawsuits. The plaintiffs claim studies show J&J's Baby Powder and Shower to Shower products, when used in the vaginal area, increase the risk of ovarian cancer. The company counters that larger, more comprehensive studies show no such link. In a court filing in August, J&J argued the case should be dismissed because plaintiffs’ lawyers tainted the St. Louis jury pool. The company said the other side spent almost $10 million on national and local television commercials in the previous year, with a disproportionate share of them running in St. Louis. The women's lawyers have denied J&J's claim. The company also contended that, because most of them are not from St. Louis and the New Jersey-based company has no strong ties to the area, the cases should not have been heard there. The judge rejected both arguments. John Beisner, one of the top lawyers representing J&J, said the company plans to make the same arguments to the Missouri Court of Appeals. If the St. Louis court is found not to have jurisdiction, the cases would have to be refiled elsewhere. Beisner compared the St. Louis verdicts to a favorable ruling in September from a state court judge in New Jersey. That judge, who is presiding over some 200 talc cases, disqualified the plaintiffs' experts on the grounds that their scientific testimony was too speculative. In the same decision, he dismissed the first two cases set for trial and the ruling is being appealed. J&J unsuccessfully tried to block the testimony of the experts in St. Louis on similar grounds. The company will make the same challenge on appeal, Beisner said. Last week's $70 million verdict followed Missouri jury awards of $72 million in February and $55 million in May. The first big talc verdict in February was won by the family of Jacqueline Fox, who died in October 2015. Their lawyers said she used J&J Baby Powder and Shower to Shower Powder daily for 35 years for genital hygiene before she was diagnosed with ovarian cancer in 2013. Jere Beasley, whose firm has filed hundreds of talc cases, including the three Missouri wins and two New Jersey dismissals, said the verdicts should prompt J&J to make a deal. "If I were representing them, I would say, folks, we need to sit down and regroup and start trying to settle these cases," he said. LARGE VERDICTS Large verdicts are relatively common in major product liability cases, and they are often reduced or overturned on appeal. One lawsuit against Merck & Co over its recalled painkiller Vioxx produced a $253 million verdict in 2005, which was thrown out three years later. Merck eventually settled most Vioxx cases for $4.85 billion in 2007. Shareholders in J&J, which had sales of $70 billion last year, have so far shrugged off the three talc verdicts, the first of the cases to go to trial. But if the trend continues, liability could mount. The company has not reported setting aside any litigation reserve to deal with talc cases, as it has with previous claims over antipsychotic drug Rispardal and recalled hip implants. J&J no longer sells Shower to Shower, which was acquired by Valeant Pharmaceuticals in 2012. Though not a major seller on its own, Baby Powder is a recognized symbol of J&J’s baby care line, which brought in $2 billion in revenue in 2015. Some legal experts said it made sense for J&J to fight on. "Ordinarily I would say three verdicts like that would prompt you to think about settlement," said University of Georgia Law School professor Elizabeth Burch, who researches product liability cases, but she said J&J's case is somewhat different. A settlement would not necessarily cap J&J's liability, Burch said, because its talc products are still on the market, unlike companies whose products have been recalled. Howard Erichson, a professor at Fordham School of Law, said the company also had valid concerns about the impact of a settlement on its position in the market. "This is not Vioxx. This is not asbestos," Erichson said. "This is a case where the company wants to defend its brand, and is not going to be anxious to announce a big settlement that appears to concede that the product is harmful. (Reporting By Brendan Pierson in New York; Editing by Anthony Lin, Amy Stevens and Grant McCool) Go to MSN Home More in Money Amazing Airstreams: The coolest tiny homes on wheels Lovemoney 8 ways President Trump will affect Wall Street U.S. News & World Report - Money 6 reasons to think twice before moving to Canada MarketWatch The 10 most expensive prescription drugs in America Fiscal Times How China's richest man is buying up the world Lovemoney 7 things you should never do online USA TODAY Up Next 20 tips for saving money at the grocery store U.S. News & World Report - Money AdChoices AdChoices AdChoices More From Reuters UPDATE 1-Tennis-Business as usual for new top dog Murray Reuters Hague prosecutors say U.S. forces may have committed war crimes Reuters Fiat Chrysler, Cummins reject diesel cheating suit Reuters Chelsea Manning asks Obama to commute sentence to time served Reuters Reuters View the full site Home News Weather Entertainment Sports Money Lifestyle Health & Fitness Food & Drink Travel Autos Video election 2016 © 2016 Microsoft Privacy Legal About our Ads Feedback Help MSN Worldwide Newsletter
null
About Us Contact Us Help user name password Client login:    First time user sign up Forgot your login info? Website Directory     Submit Website Search All categoriesAdvertising  GeneralAerospace  GeneralAgriculture  GeneralAirlines  GeneralAmerica - Post 9/11  GeneralApparel  GeneralApple Products  GeneralArchitectural  GeneralArchitecture  ArchitectureArt & Entertainments  Books  Celebrities  Country Music  Dance  Magazines  Movies  Museums  Music  Music Downloads  News & Talk Shows  Performing Arts  Photography  Television  Web SitesArts/Culture  GeneralAuction  GeneralAutomotive  Aftermarket  Classic Autos  Consumer Publications  General  Motorcycle & Bike  Racing  Recreational Vehicle  Repair & Service  Trade PublicationsBlogging & Social Media  Blogging & Social MediaBusiness  Advertising / Marketing  Books  Consumer Research  Direct Marketing  e-Commerce  Entrepreneurs  Finance  Franchise  Human Resources  Insurance  Investment  Management  Markets  Network Marketing  Online Marketing / SEO  Payday Loans  Public Relations  Publications  Real Estate  Retail  Stocks  Supermarkets  Women in BusinessCareers/HR  GeneralChemical  GeneralCoaching / Mentoring  Coaching / MentoringComputers  Apple Products  Databases  Games & Entertainment  General  Hosting  Instruction  Linux / GNU "Open Source"  Macintosh  Microsoft Windows PC  Operating Systems  Programming  Security  Software  Tablet PCs  UtilitiesConstruction  GeneralConsumer  Gifts and Collectibles  Hobbies  Web sites / InternetDesign  Graphic Design  Industrial  WebE-Cigarette  GeneraleCommerce  GeneralEconomy  GeneralEducation  College / University  General  Home Schooling  K-12  Post Graduate  TechnicalElectronics  GeneralEmail Marketing  GeneralEmailWire Press Releases  Press Release TipsEmployment/Careers  GeneralEngineering  GeneralEntertainment  GeneralEnvironment  GeneralEvents / Trade Shows  GeneralFinance  GeneralFood  GeneralFranchise  GeneralFraud / Identity Theft  GeneralGaming  GeneralGovernment  General  Judicial  Law Enforcement  Legislative  Local  National  Public Services  Security  State  TransportationHealthcare  GeneralHome and Family  Banking / Personal Finance  Bereavement / Loss  Home Furnishings / Interiors  Landscaping & Gardening  Marriage / Relationships  Money  Parenting  Payday Loans  Pets  Taxes  Wedding / BridalHome Schooling  GeneralHotels/Resorts  GeneralHousehold  GeneralIndustry  Aerospace / Defense  Agriculture  Apparel / Textiles  Broadcast  Construction / Building  Electrical  Food  Funeral  Healthcare  Leisure / Hospitality  Logistics / Shipping  Manufacturing / Production  Mining / Metals  Oil / Energy  Paper / Forest Products  Plumbing, Heating & AC  Print Media  Printing  Publishing  Radio  Restaurants  Tobacco  ToyInsurance  GeneralInternet/Online  GeneralLegal  GeneralLeisure  GeneralLifestyle  Beauty  Dating / Singles  Diet / Weight Loss  Fashion  Food / Beverage  Health & Fitness  Hotel / Resorts  Pastimes  Restaurants  Retirement  Travel & TourismMachinery  GeneralMaritime  GeneralMedical  Addiction  Allergies  Alternative Medicine  Asthma  Cancer  Cardiology  Chiropractic  Dental  Dermatology  Diabetes  Emergency  Family Medicine  General  General  Geriatrics  Hospitals  Infectious Diseases  Internal Medicine  Managed Care / HMO  Medical Products  Mental Health  Neurology  Nursing  Nutrition  OB / GYN  Pediatrics  Pharmaceuticals  Physical Therapy  Plastic Surgery  Psychology  Radiology / Imaging  Research  Sports Medicine  Surgery  VisionMilitary  GeneralMining/Metals  GeneralMiscellaneous  GeneralNanotechnology  NanotechnologyNon-profit  GeneralOccupational Safety  Occupational SafetyOil/Energy  GeneralOpinion / Editorial  Opinion / EditorialPaper Products  GeneralPaper/Forest  GeneralPharmaceuticals  GeneralPodcasting  Announce  Tools and ServicesPolitics  PoliticsPrint Media  GeneralPublic Utilities  Public UtilitiesPublishing  GeneralRadio  GeneralReal Estate  GeneralReligion  Christian  General  Islam  Jewish  OtherRestaurants  GeneralRetail  GeneralRSS & Content Syndication  RSS & Content SyndicationScience and Research  Science and ResearchSelf-Help / Personal Growth  Self-Help / Personal GrowthShipbuilding  GeneralSociety  African American Interests  Asian Interests  Childrens Issues  Disabled Issues / Disabilities  Gay / Lesbian  Hispanic  Mens Interests  Native American  Senior Citizens  Social Services  Teen Issues/Interests  Womens InterestSoftware  GeneralSports  Baseball  Basketball  Bicycling  Boating / Maritime  Bowling  Boxing  Fishing  Football  Golf  Hockey  Hunting  Martial Arts  Outdoors  Rugby  Soccer  Tennis  Water  Winter/SnowSports/Fitness  GeneralStocks  GeneralSupermarkets  GeneralTechnology  Biotechnology  Computer  Electronics  Enterprise Software  Games  Graphics/Printing/CAD  Hardware / Peripherals  Industrial  Information  Internet  Multimedia  Networking  Public Sector/Government  Robotics  Semiconductor  Software  Telecommunications  WebmastersTelecom  General  WirelessTelevision  GeneralTobacco  GeneralTrade  GeneralTransportation  GeneralTravel  GeneralUtilities  GeneralVolunteer  VolunteerWeather  Weather Home > News By Company > 360 Market Updates Tweet   Varicella Attenuated Live Vaccine Market Dynamics, Forecast, Analysis and Supply Demand 2016-2021 Varicella Attenuated Live Vaccine Market analysis is provided for global market including development trends by regions, competitive analysis of the varicella attenuated live vaccine market.   (EMAILWIRE.COM, November 06, 2016 ) A live attenuated varicella vaccine, derived from the Oka strain of VZV has clinical efficacy for the prevention of varicella. Browse Detailed TOC, Tables, Figures, Charts and Companies Mentioned in Varicella Attenuated Live Vaccine Market Research Report @ http://www.360marketupdates.com/global-varicella-attenuated-live-vaccine-market-by-manufacturers-regions-type-and-application-forecast-to-2021-10346331 Market Segment by Manufacturers, this report covers Merck GSK Shanghai Institute BCHT Changsheng Keygen and many others Scope of the Report: This report focuses on the Varicella Attenuated Live Vaccine in Global market, especially in North America, Varicella Attenuated Live Vaccine Market in Europe and Asia-Pacific, Varicella Attenuated Live Vaccine Market in Latin America, Varicella Attenuated Live Vaccine Market in Middle and Africa. This report categorizes the market based on manufacturers, regions, type and application. Market Segment by Regions, regional analysis covers North America (USA, Canada and Mexico) Europe (Germany, France, UK, Russia and Italy) Asia-Pacific (China, Japan, Korea, India and Southeast Asia) Latin America, Middle and Africa Get Sample PDF of Varicella Attenuated Live Vaccine Market Report @ http://www.360marketupdates.com/enquiry/request-sample/10346331 Market Segment by Type, covers Monovalent Vaccine Combination Vaccine Market Segment by Applications, can be divided into Kids Injection Adults Injection Key questions answered in the report: What will the market growth rate of Varicella Attenuated Live Vaccine market in 2020? What are the key factors driving the global Varicella Attenuated Live Vaccine market? What are sales, revenue, and price analysis of top manufacturers of Varicella Attenuated Live Vaccine market? Who are the distributors, traders and dealers of Varicella Attenuated Live Vaccine market? Who are the key vendors in Varicella Attenuated Live Vaccine market space? What are the Varicella Attenuated Live Vaccine market opportunities and threats faced by the vendors in the global Varicella Attenuated Live Vaccine market? What are sales, revenue, and price analysis by types and applications of Varicella Attenuated Live Vaccine market? What are sales, revenue, and price analysis by regions of Varicella Attenuated Live Vaccine market? What are the market opportunities, market risk and market overview of the Varicella Attenuated Live Vaccine market? Have Any Query? Ask Our Expert for Varicella Attenuated Live Vaccine Market Report @ http://www.360marketupdates.com/enquiry/pre-order-enquiry/10346331 No. of Report pages: 112 Price of Report: $ 3480 (Single User Licence) About 360 Market Updates: 360 Market Updates is the credible source for gaining the market research reports that will exponentially accelerate your business. We are among the leading report resellers in the business world committed towards optimizing your business. The reports we provide are based on a research that covers a magnitude of factors such as technological evolution, economic shifts and a detailed study of market segments. Contact Information: 360 Market Updates Ameya Pingaley Tel: +1 408 520 9750 Email us This is a press release. Press release distribution and press release services by EmailWire.Com: http://www.emailwire.com/us-press-release-distribution.php. 
   Search All categoriesAdvertising  GeneralAerospace  GeneralAgriculture  GeneralAirlines  GeneralAmerica - Post 9/11  GeneralApparel  GeneralApple Products  GeneralArchitectural  GeneralArchitecture  ArchitectureArt & Entertainments  Books  Celebrities  Country Music  Dance  Magazines  Movies  Museums  Music  Music Downloads  News & Talk Shows  Performing Arts  Photography  Television  Web SitesArts/Culture  GeneralAuction  GeneralAutomotive  Aftermarket  Classic Autos  Consumer Publications  General  Motorcycle & Bike  Racing  Recreational Vehicle  Repair & Service  Trade PublicationsBlogging & Social Media  Blogging & Social MediaBusiness  Advertising / Marketing  Books  Consumer Research  Direct Marketing  e-Commerce  Entrepreneurs  Finance  Franchise  Human Resources  Insurance  Investment  Management  Markets  Network Marketing  Online Marketing / SEO  Payday Loans  Public Relations  Publications  Real Estate  Retail  Stocks  Supermarkets  Women in BusinessCareers/HR  GeneralChemical  GeneralCoaching / Mentoring  Coaching / MentoringComputers  Apple Products  Databases  Games & Entertainment  General  Hosting  Instruction  Linux / GNU "Open Source"  Macintosh  Microsoft Windows PC  Operating Systems  Programming  Security  Software  Tablet PCs  UtilitiesConstruction  GeneralConsumer  Gifts and Collectibles  Hobbies  Web sites / InternetDesign  Graphic Design  Industrial  WebE-Cigarette  GeneraleCommerce  GeneralEconomy  GeneralEducation  College / University  General  Home Schooling  K-12  Post Graduate  TechnicalElectronics  GeneralEmail Marketing  GeneralEmailWire Press Releases  Press Release TipsEmployment/Careers  GeneralEngineering  GeneralEntertainment  GeneralEnvironment  GeneralEvents / Trade Shows  GeneralFinance  GeneralFood  GeneralFranchise  GeneralFraud / Identity Theft  GeneralGaming  GeneralGovernment  General  Judicial  Law Enforcement  Legislative  Local  National  Public Services  Security  State  TransportationHealthcare  GeneralHome and Family  Banking / Personal Finance  Bereavement / Loss  Home Furnishings / Interiors  Landscaping & Gardening  Marriage / Relationships  Money  Parenting  Payday Loans  Pets  Taxes  Wedding / BridalHome Schooling  GeneralHotels/Resorts  GeneralHousehold  GeneralIndustry  Aerospace / Defense  Agriculture  Apparel / Textiles  Broadcast  Construction / Building  Electrical  Food  Funeral  Healthcare  Leisure / Hospitality  Logistics / Shipping  Manufacturing / Production  Mining / Metals  Oil / Energy  Paper / Forest Products  Plumbing, Heating & AC  Print Media  Printing  Publishing  Radio  Restaurants  Tobacco  ToyInsurance  GeneralInternet/Online  GeneralLegal  GeneralLeisure  GeneralLifestyle  Beauty  Dating / Singles  Diet / Weight Loss  Fashion  Food / Beverage  Health & Fitness  Hotel / Resorts  Pastimes  Restaurants  Retirement  Travel & TourismMachinery  GeneralMaritime  GeneralMedical  Addiction  Allergies  Alternative Medicine  Asthma  Cancer  Cardiology  Chiropractic  Dental  Dermatology  Diabetes  Emergency  Family Medicine  General  General  Geriatrics  Hospitals  Infectious Diseases  Internal Medicine  Managed Care / HMO  Medical Products  Mental Health  Neurology  Nursing  Nutrition  OB / GYN  Pediatrics  Pharmaceuticals  Physical Therapy  Plastic Surgery  Psychology  Radiology / Imaging  Research  Sports Medicine  Surgery  VisionMilitary  GeneralMining/Metals  GeneralMiscellaneous  GeneralNanotechnology  NanotechnologyNon-profit  GeneralOccupational Safety  Occupational SafetyOil/Energy  GeneralOpinion / Editorial  Opinion / EditorialPaper Products  GeneralPaper/Forest  GeneralPharmaceuticals  GeneralPodcasting  Announce  Tools and ServicesPolitics  PoliticsPrint Media  GeneralPublic Utilities  Public UtilitiesPublishing  GeneralRadio  GeneralReal Estate  GeneralReligion  Christian  General  Islam  Jewish  OtherRestaurants  GeneralRetail  GeneralRSS & Content Syndication  RSS & Content SyndicationScience and Research  Science and ResearchSelf-Help / Personal Growth  Self-Help / Personal GrowthShipbuilding  GeneralSociety  African American Interests  Asian Interests  Childrens Issues  Disabled Issues / Disabilities  Gay / Lesbian  Hispanic  Mens Interests  Native American  Senior Citizens  Social Services  Teen Issues/Interests  Womens InterestSoftware  GeneralSports  Baseball  Basketball  Bicycling  Boating / Maritime  Bowling  Boxing  Fishing  Football  Golf  Hockey  Hunting  Martial Arts  Outdoors  Rugby  Soccer  Tennis  Water  Winter/SnowSports/Fitness  GeneralStocks  GeneralSupermarkets  GeneralTechnology  Biotechnology  Computer  Electronics  Enterprise Software  Games  Graphics/Printing/CAD  Hardware / Peripherals  Industrial  Information  Internet  Multimedia  Networking  Public Sector/Government  Robotics  Semiconductor  Software  Telecommunications  WebmastersTelecom  General  WirelessTelevision  GeneralTobacco  GeneralTrade  GeneralTransportation  GeneralTravel  GeneralUtilities  GeneralVolunteer  VolunteerWeather  Weather Advertising | How to contact us | Privacy Statement | EmailWire Press Releases | Partnership Opportunities EmailWire is a press release distribution service of GroupWeb Media LLC. © Copyright GroupWeb Media LLC 2016
Skip to search. New user? Register Sign in Help Make Yahoo7 My Homepage Mail My Yahoo7 Yahoo7 Yahoo Finance Search Search web HOME NEWS & OPINION TAX TIME 2016 INVESTING Market Stats Currencies Online Trading Education MY PORTFOLIOS Sign in to access your portfolios PERSONAL FINANCE Money Manager Videos Experts Tips & Tools Real Estate Investing Fame & Fortune Forums Photos VIDEO Expert Opinion Australian Dollar Top Stories Stock Market Columnists Currencies Companies Video Search for share prices Tip : Use comma (,) to separate multiple quotes. Learn more... Finance Search Tue, Nov 15, 2016, 10:39 AM AEDT - Australia Markets close in 5 hrs 21 mins J&J; wants cases heard in another courtAAP – Tue, Nov 8, 2016 10:01 AM AEDT Recommend 0 Tweet 0 Share0 Print After a $US67.5 million ($A88 million) jury verdict against Johnson & Johnson on October 27 marked its third straight trial defeat in an onslaught of lawsuits claiming its talc-based products cause ovarian cancer, the company is hoping to reverse the trend by having the cases heard in a different court. All three awards, totalling around $US195 million, were handed down in state court in St Louis, Missouri, with the same judge presiding. Women or their families have filed 2,500 similar claims, the vast majority in the same court, which is one of several in the United States that attracts consumer lawsuits. The plaintiffs claim studies show J&J's Baby Powder and Shower to Shower products, when used in the vaginal area, increase the risk of ovarian cancer. The company counters that larger, more comprehensive studies show no such link. In a court filing in August, J&J argued the case should be dismissed because the plaintiffs' lawyers tainted the St Louis jury pool. The company said the other side spent almost $US10 million on national and local television commercials the previous year, with a disproportionate share of them running in St Louis. The women's lawyers deny J&J's claim. The company also contended that, because most of them are not from St Louis and the New Jersey-based company has no strong ties to the area, the cases should not have been heard there. The judge rejected both arguments. John Beisner, one of the top lawyers representing J&J, said the company plans to make the same arguments to the Missouri Court of Appeals. If the St Louis court is found not to have jurisdiction, the cases would have to be refiled elsewhere. Beisner compared the St Louis verdicts to a favourable ruling in September from a state court judge in New Jersey. That judge, who is presiding over some 200 talc cases, disqualified the plaintiffs' experts on the grounds that their scientific testimony was too speculative. In the same decision, he dismissed the first two cases set for trial and the ruling is being appealed. J&J unsuccessfully tried to block the testimony of the experts in St Louis on similar grounds. The company will make the same challenge on appeal, Beisner said. The first big talc verdict in February was won by the family of Jacqueline Fox, who died in October 2015. Their lawyers said she used J&J Baby Powder and Shower to Shower Powder daily for 35 years for genital hygiene before she was diagnosed with ovarian cancer in 2013. Jere Beasley, whose firm has filed hundreds of talc cases, including the three Missouri wins and two New Jersey dismissals, said the verdicts should prompt J&J to make a deal. "If I were representing them, I would say, folks, we need to sit down and regroup and start trying to settle these cases," he said. Large verdicts are relatively common in major product liability cases, and they are often reduced or overturned on appeal. One lawsuit against Merck & Co over its recalled painkiller Vioxx produced a $US253 million verdict in 2005, which was thrown out three years later. Merck eventually settled most Vioxx cases for $US4.85 billion in 2007. Shareholders in J&J, which had sales of $US70 billion last year, have so far shrugged off the three talc verdicts, the first of the cases to go to trial. But if the trend continues, liability could mount. The company has not reported setting aside any litigation reserve to deal with talc cases, as it has with previous claims over antipsychotic drug Rispardal and recalled hip implants. J&J no longer sells Shower to Shower, which was acquired by Valeant Pharmaceuticals in 2012. Though not a major seller on its own, Baby Powder is a recognised symbol of J&J's baby care line, which brought in $US2 billion in revenue in 2015. Some legal experts said it made sense for J&J to fight on. "Ordinarily, I would say three verdicts like that would prompt you to think about settlement," said University of Georgia Law School professor Elizabeth Burch,. She said J&J's case was somewhat different. A settlement would not necessarily cap J&J's liability, Burch said, because its talc products are still on the market, unlike companies whose products have been recalled. Howard Erichson, a professor at Fordham School of Law, said the company also had valid concerns about the impact of a settlement on its position in the market. "This is not Vioxx. This is not asbestos," Erichson said. "This is a case where the company wants to defend its brand, and is not going to be anxious to announce a big settlement that appears to concede that the product is harmful." @y7finance on Twitter, become a fan on Facebook Top Stories » Sydney Airport gets new COOAAP Sydney Airport has appointed chief financial officer Hugh Wehby as the new chief operating officer from January … Trump to roll back Obama energy policiesAAP SEC Chair says to step down before term endsAFP German travel site trivago files for IPO in USAFP Sponsored  Market Data Currencies Currencies Name Price Change % Chg AUD / USD 0.7567 +0.0012 +0.16% AUD/USD AUD / GBP 0.6046 +0.0002 +0.03% AUD/GBP AUD / EUR 0.7040 +0.0009 +0.13% AUD/EUR Go To Currency Converter » On This Site HOME NEWS & OPINION TAX TIME 2016 INVESTING MY PORTFOLIOS PERSONAL FINANCE VIDEO Expert Opinion ALSO ON YAHOO7 Mail Stocks & Shares Forum Meet Single Women Meet Single Men TV Guide Easy Recipe Ideas Go Travelling Tips To Great Sex Breaking News Find Your Dream Car Weather Forecast Find A Job All Yahoo7 Services » Trending Now Budget Rent a Car Salim Mehajer Travel insurance Pasquale Barbaro Online car insurance quote Julian Assange Free iTunes download NZ earthquake Currency Converter Stephen Bannon Help / Suggestions Privacy Terms Quotes are real-time for NASDAQ, NYSE, and NYSEAmex when available. See also delay times for other exchanges. Quotes and other information supplied by independent providers identified on the Yahoo! Finance partner page. Quotes are updated automatically, but will be turned off after 25 minutes of inactivity. Quotes are delayed at least 15 minutes. All information provided "as is" for informational purposes only, not intended for trading purposes or advice. Neither Yahoo! nor any of independent providers is liable for any informational errors, incompleteness, or delays, or for any actions taken in reliance on information contained herein. By accessing the Yahoo! site, you agree not to redistribute the information found therein. Fundamental company data provided by Capital IQ. Historical chart data and daily updates provided by Commodity Systems, Inc. (CSI). International historical chart data and daily updates provided by Morningstar, Inc. Yahoo7 News Network

Shopping Jobs Driving Remembering Celebrating Newspapers TV Networks National Post The Province (Vancouver) Vancouver Sun Edmonton Journal Calgary Herald Regina Leader-Post Saskatoon StarPhoenix Windsor Star Ottawa Citizen Montreal Gazette Don't Miss: Happening Now Video Centre Live chats Blogs on canada.com canada.com on Facebook Oddities News Happening Now Local National World Oddities Photo Galleries Weather Business Money Markets Mortgages Sports Hockey NHL Video Highlights Football-CFL Football-NFL Baseball Basketball Winter Sports Golf Racing Soccer Tennis MMA Entertainment Celebrity Music Movies Television Books TV Listings Lifestyle Fashion & Beauty Food Parenting Relationships Astrology Health Diet & Fitness Sexual Health Seniors Family & Child Men Women Travel Destinations Technology Gaming Internet Tech-Biz Space Personal Tech         Some immune-boosting cancer drugs may pose rare heart risks     By Marilynn Marchione, The Associated Press November 7, 2016     Story Photos ( 2 )     Some new immune-boosting cancer drugs are now believed to carry a risk of heart complications. Doctors have found a disturbing downside to some powerful new drugs that harness the immune system to fight cancer: In rare cases, they may cause potentially fatal heart damage, especially when used together. “The problem is, no one has this on their radar,” so patients are not routinely checked for it, said Dr. Javid Moslehi, head of a Vanderbilt University clinic specializing in heart risks from cancer therapies. He led a report Wednesday in the New England Journal of Medicine describing two patients who died of heart trouble two weeks after receiving their first doses of two Bristol-Myers Squibb drugs, Opdivo and Yervoy, for the deadly skin cancer melanoma. Two similar drugs also are on the market, and the study leaders believe they might pose heart risks, too. “My sense is that this is a class effect, not limited to one drug,” Moslehi said. The risks do not negate the huge benefits of these relatively new types of drugs, doctors stress. Called checkpoint inhibitors, they have transformed treatment of several types of cancer by helping the immune system see and attack tumours. In rare cases, the immune system seems to attack not only the tumour but also the heart and other muscles, causing dangerous inflammation and heart rhythm problems. Patients need to be told of the risks, monitored closely and treated quickly with medicines to quell the immune response if trouble develops. Besides melanoma, the Opdivo-Yervoy combination is used to treat some lung cancers, though at different doses. Other checkpoint inhibitors include Genentech’s Tecentriq, for bladder cancer, and Merck & Co.’s Keytruda, which former President Jimmy Carter received for melanoma that spread to his brain. Many more are in testing. There have been occasional, previous reports of heart troubles with these drugs. After the two recent deaths, doctors asked Bristol-Myers to check patient safety records on Opdivo and Yervoy. As of April, 18 cases of serious heart inflammation were found among 20,594 patients receiving either or both drugs, a rate of 0.09 per cent. It was more severe and more common among people on both drugs, affecting 0.27 per cent of those patients. Bristol-Myers scientists helped write the journal report, and some other authors consult for the company. Studies have shown that the drug combination gives a stronger anti-cancer effect than either drug alone, but “we’ve known this is a double-edged sword” because of the risk of over-stimulating the immune system, said Dr. Jeffrey Sosman of Northwestern University in Chicago, who treated the two patients who died. “The big question is, is there enough advantage to using the combination, which is much more toxic, than a single drug,” he said. That’s a larger question facing the cancer field, not just with immune therapies. Some of the newer gene-targeting drugs also have produced major side effects when used in combination. Yet many doctors believe that combos may be the best way to get cancer to go into remission and stay there longer, by shutting down multiple pathways the tumour employs at once. Dr. Michael Atkins, deputy director of the Georgetown-Lombardi Comprehensive Cancer Center, believes the heart problems with checkpoint inhibitors will turn out to be treatable in most patients. “It just gives us a moment of pause,” said Atkins, who led a study that included one of the two patients who died. “This is a rare event … but it’s a particularly serious one.” Original source article: Some immune-boosting cancer drugs may pose rare heart risks       E-mail this Article Print this Article Share this Article         More on This Story   Diagnosed with stage IV lung cancer, mother of two beats the odds with targeted therapy For a 6-year-old with cancer, a future staked on the promise of immunotherapy Cancer and Chemotherapy Cancer (Malignancy, Tumours) Cutting Your Cancer Risk   Story Tools   E-mail this Article Print this Article Share this Article   Font: * * * * *   Image: * * * *   Previous Next     Some new immune-boosting cancer drugs are now believed to carry a risk of heart complications.       E-mail this Gallery Print this Gallery Share this Gallery         Photo Galleries »   Leonard Cohen Photos: Leonard Cohen honoured... Leonard Cohen is honoured at the Glenn Gould Prize... more »   Gallery: Italian cruise ship disaster... Passengers leapt into the sea and fought over lifejackets... more »   Photos: Deadly winds hit U.K. One man dies as winds of over 160kph hit Britain and... more » Video: Winds batter Britain Toronto issues 'extreme' cold alert as mercury to drop to -16C   Gallery: Republican candidates... Republican presidential candidates race across Iowa... more »     More Photo Galleries »     We encourage all readers to share their views on our articles and blog posts. We are committed to maintaining a lively but civil forum for discussion, so we ask you to avoid personal attacks, and please keep your comments relevant and respectful. If you encounter a comment that is abusive, click the "X" in the upper right corner of the comment box to report spam or abuse. We are using Facebook commenting. Visit our FAQ page for more information.   Related Topics   health Bristol-Myers Squibb Company Cancer   Canada.com Health Guide   Comprehensive reference and special reports about diseases, conditions, drugs, and tests.   To find out more about a drug or condition, enter a keyword:   Search         Health Videos         Most Popular canada.com E-mailed Shared     Sponsored By                     News Business Sports Entertainment Lifestyle Health Travel Technology Don't Miss: Happening Now Video Centre Live chats Blogs on canada.com canada.com on Facebook Most Popular Formats Sitemap / RSS Contests Blogs Photo Galleries Videos Canada.com About Us Contact Us Advertise with Us FAQs Tools Canada.com Search for a Job Buy / Sell a Car Infomart Place a Classified Ad Newsletters and Alerts My Account Flyercity.ca About canada.com | Privacy Statement | Terms | Copyright & Permissions © 2010-2016 Postmedia Network Inc. All rights reserved. Unauthorized distribution, transmission or republication strictly prohibited.
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login MENU Stock Picks Learn More News Investing News Fool Podcasts Guides How to Invest Retirement Personal Finance Motley Fool Answers Options Trading Find a Broker Compare IRA Accounts Community Discussion Boards CAPS More About Help My Fool My Fool My Profile My Watchlist My Scorecard My Boards My CAPS My Reports My Subscriptions My Settings Premium Advice My Services None Other Services None Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Search Search: Why Agenus Inc. Stock Plummeted 44.7% in October A wider-than-expected loss overshadowed some positive news. Cory Renauer (TMFang4apples) Nov 7, 2016 at 9:42AM Image source: Getty Images. What happened Shares of tiny immunotherapy developer Agenus Inc. (NASDAQ:AGEN) tumbled 44.7% in October, according to data from S&P Global Market Intelligence. A larger-than-expected loss in its third-quarter earnings report overshadowed news that its partner, GlaxoSmithKline (NYSE:GSK), submitted an application for the two companies' partnered shingles vaccine. AGEN data by YCharts So what  Agenus Inc.'s third-quarter loss spiked 209% over the previous year period to $40.8 million, catching analysts off guard. No investors want to see their company's loss widen, but the results aren't nearly as ugly as they appear to be on the surface. Non-cash expenses, stemming mostly from existing asset value adjustments, increased by $22.7 million in the third quarter compared with the same period last year. As the term "non-cash" suggests, this sort of expense has more to do with accounting protocol than it does the core of the business.  What didn't help Agenus' stock price last month was a case of election-season jitters for the overall biotech space. The industry-tracking iShares Nasdaq Biotechnology ETF sank 11.5% last month. Even news of an on-schedule application submission from GlaxoSmithKline for a shingles vaccine Agenus is partnered on wasn't enough to perk up the latter company's stock with the sector-wide dark cloud overhead.  Now what If Glaxo's Shingrix earns a widely expected approval, Agenus is entitled to at least 10 years of royalties from sales expected to reach about $1 billion annually at its peak. If approved, Shingrix will challenge Merck & Co.'s Zostavax, which generated $749 million in sales last year. The two vaccines haven't been tested head-to-head, but Shingrix showed some impressive results in studies supporting its application that could quite feasibly help it gain traction in the commercial setting. During the third quarter, Agenus also noted a $4.9 million increase in expenses related to advancing its clinical-stage pipeline. The biotech has a cancer vaccine in mid-stage clinical development, and a GITR agonist in early-stage clinical studies. Expenses related to these programs are split between Agenus and its partner Incyte.  Agenus is also advancing a CTLA-4 antagonist through early-stage clinical studies with intentions of combining it with an anti-PD1 drug, which will probably be Keytruda through an existing collaboration with Merck. Yervoy from Bristol-Myers Squibb is another CTLA-4 antagonist, which recently earned approval for treatment in combination with anti-PD1 Opdivo for treatment of advanced skin cancer. Bristol's combo provides a yardstick to measure success for a potential combination study with Agenus' candidate of the same class. With so many irons in the fire, and a market cap of around $345 million at recent prices, my hunch is that Agenus is seeing some overblown pessimism. Cory Renauer has no position in any stocks mentioned. You can follow Cory on Twitter @TMFang4apples or LinkedIn for more healthcare industry insight. The Motley Fool has no position in any of the stocks mentioned. Try any of our Foolish newsletter services free for 30 days. We Fools may not all hold the same opinions, but we all believe that considering a diverse range of insights makes us better investors. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author Cory Renauer (TMFang4apples) Cory is a long-term minded analyst focused on the Biopharma, and Med-Tech industries. He genuinely enjoys cutting through the complexity to help everyday investors make better decisions. Follow @TMFang4apples Article Info Nov 7, 2016 at 9:42AM Health Care Stocks GlaxoSmithKline NYSE:GSK $38.98 down $0.21 (-0.54%) Agenus NASDAQ:AGEN $5.69 up $0.32 (5.96%) Read More Cancer Drugs: 2 Stocks to Watch Why Agenus' Stock Has Stumbled in 2016 Better Buy: Agenus Inc. vs. bluebird bio These 2 Stocks Doubled in 2015 -- Is 1 Still a Buy? 3 Low-Price Biotech Stocks That Could Pop or Drop in 2016 Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Terms of Use Privacy Policy Copyright, Trademark and Patent Information Terms and Conditions © 1995 - 2016 The Motley Fool. All rights reserved. Current New stock picks released in...         Get The Picks x
null
Skip to content Satellite Press Releases Satellite Press Releases and News Monoclonal Antibodies Leading the way in Multi-billion Dollar Biopharmaceuticals Industry HYDERABAD, India, November 7, 2016 /PRNewswire/ — According to the report “Global Bio Pharmaceuticals Market” published by Market Data Forecast, the global market is projected to reach USD 250.62 Billion by 2021, at a CAGR of 9.2% from 2016 to 2021.      (Logo: http://photos.prnewswire.com/prnh/20160913/406914LOGO ) For full report refer to “http://www.marketdataforecast.com/market-reports/global-bio-pharmaceuticals-market-633/“ Free sample for the report is available at “http://www.marketdataforecast.com/market-reports/global-bio-pharmaceuticals-market-633/request-sample“ Biopharmaceuticals industry has come a long way since approval of its first drug. Now, several drugs have already been approved and many more are in last stages of their clinical trial. These drugs have not only innovated the prevention and treatment of a number of life threatening diseases but have also delivered the thrust for the constant success of the pharmaceutical industry. Major factors driving the growth of the market are rising healthcare expenditure, growing awareness regarding biopharmaceutical drugs and increasing aging population. Ability of these drugs to treat chronic diseases which were earlier untreatable is increasing its demand enormously and also increases the profit margin for manufacturers. To enquire more about the report, go to “http://www.marketdataforecast.com/market-reports/global-bio-pharmaceuticals-market-633/inquire“ The Global Biopharmaceuticals Market is segmented and analysed as follows By Product Type:  Monoclonal Antibodies (mAb) Erythropoietin Biotech Vaccines Recombinant Human (RH) Insulin Granulocyte colony-stimulating factor (G-CSF) Interferon Human growth hormones (HGH) By Therapeutic Type:  Neurology Infectious diseases Diabetes Oncology Cardiovascular Other Therapeutic Areas By Geography:  North America Biopharmaceuticals Market Europe Biopharmaceuticals Market Asia-pacific Biopharmaceuticals Market Latin America Biopharmaceuticals Market Middle-East and Africa Biopharmaceuticals Market Merck & Co., Inc., F. Hoffmann-La Roche AG, Eli Lilly and Company, Inc., Sanofi, Amgen Inc., AbbVie Inc., Biogen Idec, Bayer AG, Johnson & Johnson Services, Pfizer, Inc., and Novartis AG are some of the leading players in the market for biopharmaceuticals. To buy the full report, go to “https://www.marketdataforecast.com/cart/buy-now/global-bio-pharmaceuticals-market-633“ Scope of the Biopharmaceuticals Market Study:  Global, regional and country-level analysis and forecasts of the study market; providing Insights on the major countries/regions in which this industry is blooming and to also identify the regions that are still untapped Segment-level analysis in terms of technology, component, and type along with market size forecasts and estimations to detect key areas of industry growth in detail Identification of key drivers, restraints, opportunities, and challenges (DROC) in the market and their impact on shifting market dynamics Study of the effect of exogenous and endogenous factors that affect the global market; which includes broadly demographic, economics, and political, among other macro-environmental factors presented in an extensive PESTLE Analysis Study the micro environment factors that determine the overall profitability of an Industry, using Porter‘s five forces analysis for analysing the level of competition and business strategy development A comprehensive list of key market players along with their product portfolio, current strategic interests, key financial information, legal issues, SWOT analysis and analyst overview to study and sustain the market environment Competitive landscape analysis listing out the mergers, acquisitions, collaborations in the field along with new product launches, comparative financial studies and recent developments in the market by the major companies An executive summary, abridging the entire report in such a way that decision-making personnel can rapidly become acquainted with background information, concise analysis and main conclusions Expertly devised analyst overview along with Investment opportunities to provide both individuals and organizations a strong financial foothold in the market Checkout other related studies in the Pharmaceuticals Segment:  Biosimilars Market:  http://www.marketdataforecast.com/market-reports/global-biosimilars-market-1142/ Cancer Monoclonal Antibodies (mAbs) Market:  http://www.marketdataforecast.com/market-reports/global-cancer-monoclonal-antibodies-market-185/ Over the Counter (OTC) Drugs Market:  http://www.marketdataforecast.com/market-reports/global-over-the-counter-drugs-market-509/ Regenerative Medicine Market:  http://www.marketdataforecast.com/market-reports/global-regenerative-medicines-market-272/ Sports Medicine Market:  http://www.marketdataforecast.com/market-reports/global-sports-medicine-market-467/ About Us:  Market Data Forecast is a firm working in the area of market research and business intelligence. With rich experience in research across various business domains, we cater to the needs of both individual and corporate clients. Our analyst team comprises expert professionals in market research, who with their collective knowledge and skillset dedicatedly serve clients from various industries and regions. Contact: Abhishek Shukla Team Lead (International Business Development) Market Data Forecast Direct Line: +1-888-702-9626 Mobile: +91 998 555 0206 Mail: abhishek@marketdataforecast.com Visit MarketDataForecast Blog @ http://www.marketdataforecast.com/blog/ View latest Press Releases of MDF @ http://www.marketdataforecast.com/press-releases SOURCE Market Data Forecast satprnews.com Author RSS ImportPosted on November 7, 2016Categories Uncategorized Post navigation Previous Previous post: Firma Holdings is pleased to announce the signing of a Joint Venture partnership on its new acquired Cobriza Groupings Project Next Next post: Tesla Motors, Spark Therapeutics, SolarCity, Lululemon, and Merrimack Pharmaceuticals and more offer option-trading opportunities that offer returns of more than 20% Search for: Search Recent Posts TEAM HEALTH MERGER INVESTIGATION ALERT – Andrews & Springer LLC Is Seeking More Cash for Shareholders of Team Health Holdings, Inc. Corporate Capital Trust announces third quarter 2016 results INTELIQUENT MERGER INVESTIGATION ALERT – Andrews & Springer LLC Is Seeking More Cash for Shareholders of Inteliquent, Inc. ADDING MULTIMEDIA Costco, GameStop and Best Buy Join Activision Blizzard to Support Veteran Hiring with Special Call of Duty®: Infinite Warfare Holiday Seasonal Items Dividend Capital Diversified Property Fund Provides Third Quarter 2016 Portfolio Update Recent Comments Archives November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 April 2016 March 2016 February 2016 January 2016 December 2015 November 2015 October 2015 September 2015 August 2015 July 2015 June 2015 May 2015 April 2015 March 2015 February 2015 January 2015 December 2014 November 2014 October 2014 September 2014 August 2014 July 2014 June 2014 May 2014 April 2014 March 2014 February 2014 January 2014 November 2013 September 2013 June 2013 March 2013 December 2012 November 2012 October 2012 September 2012 July 2012 March 2012 February 2012 January 2012 December 2011 November 2011 October 2011 September 2011 August 2011 July 2011 April 2010 March 2010 August 2009 January 1970 Categories Satellite Space Flights Uncategorized VSAT Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Partners TS2 Space Space Flights .news Satellite Press Releases Proudly powered by WordPress
Regulatory News Search Search Products & Services    News Releases Close Send a release Become a client For journalists Global sites Asia Brazil Canada Finland France India Israel Mexico Netherlands Sweden United States See more news releases in Biotechnology | Medical Pharmaceuticals | Pharmaceuticals | Surveys, Polls and Research Monoclonal Antibodies Leading the way in Multi-billion Dollar Biopharmaceuticals Industry Download image HYDERABAD, India, November 7, 2016 /PRNewswire/ -- According to the report "Global Bio Pharmaceuticals Market" published by Market Data Forecast, the global market is projected to reach USD 250.62 Billion by 2021, at a CAGR of 9.2% from 2016 to 2021.      (Logo: http://photos.prnewswire.com/prnh/20160913/406914LOGO ) For full report refer to "http://www.marketdataforecast.com/market-reports/global-bio-pharmaceuticals-market-633/" Free sample for the report is available at "http://www.marketdataforecast.com/market-reports/global-bio-pharmaceuticals-market-633/request-sample" Biopharmaceuticals industry has come a long way since approval of its first drug. Now, several drugs have already been approved and many more are in last stages of their clinical trial. These drugs have not only innovated the prevention and treatment of a number of life threatening diseases but have also delivered the thrust for the constant success of the pharmaceutical industry. Major factors driving the growth of the market are rising healthcare expenditure, growing awareness regarding biopharmaceutical drugs and increasing aging population. Ability of these drugs to treat chronic diseases which were earlier untreatable is increasing its demand enormously and also increases the profit margin for manufacturers. To enquire more about the report, go to "http://www.marketdataforecast.com/market-reports/global-bio-pharmaceuticals-market-633/inquire" The Global Biopharmaceuticals Market is segmented and analysed as follows By Product Type:  Monoclonal Antibodies (mAb) Erythropoietin Biotech Vaccines Recombinant Human (RH) Insulin Granulocyte colony-stimulating factor (G-CSF) Interferon Human growth hormones (HGH) By Therapeutic Type:  Neurology Infectious diseases Diabetes Oncology Cardiovascular Other Therapeutic Areas By Geography:  North America Biopharmaceuticals Market Europe Biopharmaceuticals Market Asia-pacific Biopharmaceuticals Market Latin America Biopharmaceuticals Market Middle-East and Africa Biopharmaceuticals Market Merck & Co., Inc., F. Hoffmann-La Roche AG, Eli Lilly and Company, Inc., Sanofi, Amgen Inc., AbbVie Inc., Biogen Idec, Bayer AG, Johnson & Johnson Services, Pfizer, Inc., and Novartis AG are some of the leading players in the market for biopharmaceuticals. To buy the full report, go to "https://www.marketdataforecast.com/cart/buy-now/global-bio-pharmaceuticals-market-633" Scope of the Biopharmaceuticals Market Study:  Global, regional and country-level analysis and forecasts of the study market; providing Insights on the major countries/regions in which this industry is blooming and to also identify the regions that are still untapped Segment-level analysis in terms of technology, component, and type along with market size forecasts and estimations to detect key areas of industry growth in detail Identification of key drivers, restraints, opportunities, and challenges (DROC) in the market and their impact on shifting market dynamics Study of the effect of exogenous and endogenous factors that affect the global market; which includes broadly demographic, economics, and political, among other macro-environmental factors presented in an extensive PESTLE Analysis Study the micro environment factors that determine the overall profitability of an Industry, using Porter's five forces analysis for analysing the level of competition and business strategy development A comprehensive list of key market players along with their product portfolio, current strategic interests, key financial information, legal issues, SWOT analysis and analyst overview to study and sustain the market environment Competitive landscape analysis listing out the mergers, acquisitions, collaborations in the field along with new product launches, comparative financial studies and recent developments in the market by the major companies An executive summary, abridging the entire report in such a way that decision-making personnel can rapidly become acquainted with background information, concise analysis and main conclusions Expertly devised analyst overview along with Investment opportunities to provide both individuals and organizations a strong financial foothold in the market Checkout other related studies in the Pharmaceuticals Segment:  Biosimilars Market:  http://www.marketdataforecast.com/market-reports/global-biosimilars-market-1142/ Cancer Monoclonal Antibodies (mAbs) Market:  http://www.marketdataforecast.com/market-reports/global-cancer-monoclonal-antibodies-market-185/ Over the Counter (OTC) Drugs Market:  http://www.marketdataforecast.com/market-reports/global-over-the-counter-drugs-market-509/ Regenerative Medicine Market:  http://www.marketdataforecast.com/market-reports/global-regenerative-medicines-market-272/ Sports Medicine Market:  http://www.marketdataforecast.com/market-reports/global-sports-medicine-market-467/   About Us:  Market Data Forecast is a firm working in the area of market research and business intelligence. With rich experience in research across various business domains, we cater to the needs of both individual and corporate clients. Our analyst team comprises expert professionals in market research, who with their collective knowledge and skillset dedicatedly serve clients from various industries and regions. Contact: Abhishek Shukla Team Lead (International Business Development) Market Data Forecast Direct Line: +1-888-702-9626 Mobile: +91 998 555 0206 Mail: abhishek@marketdataforecast.com Visit MarketDataForecast Blog @ http://www.marketdataforecast.com/blog/ View latest Press Releases of MDF @ http://www.marketdataforecast.com/press-releases SOURCE Market Data Forecast More by this Source Scientists Confirm Overcoming Paralysis in Non-human Primates Using Spinal Cord Stimulation Which may Drive the Market According to Market Data Forecast Study 14:30 GMT Market Data Forecast Study Reveals "Advanced Infusion Systems" are the Evident Solution for the Problems of Rising Chronic Diseases 14:00 GMT Biopesticides to Boom With Increasing Emphasis on Organic Foods 10 Nov, 2016, 14:00 GMT View all news by Market Data Forecast Journalists and Bloggers Visit PR Newswire for Journalists for releases, photos and customised feeds just for media. View and download archived video content distributed by MultiVu on The Digital Center. Next in Biotechnology News   Get content for your website Enhance your website's or blog's content with PR Newswire's customised real-time news feeds. Start today.       Contact PR Newswire Send us an email at MarketingUK@prnewswire.co.uk or call us at +44 (0)20 7454 5382       Become a PR Newswire client Request more information about PR Newswire products & services or call us at +44 (0)20 7454 5382     Products & Services Knowledge Centre Browse News Releases Meet the Media Contact PR Newswire About PR Newswire Contact PR Newswire PR Newswire's Terms of Use Apply Privacy and Cookie Policy Site Map RSS Feeds Blog Copyright © 2016 PR Newswire Association LLC. All Rights Reserved. A Cisioncompany. Powered by Clickability.


News Sports Business Health Entertainment Food Opinion Obituaries Search icon | SectionsClose Search Search Search Search icon News Breaking Pennsylvania New Jersey Politics Education Special Reports Sports Eagles Phillies Flyers Sixers Union College High School Entertainment Celebs & Gossip The Arts Things to Do Puzzles Comics Business Cars Jobs Pharma Philly Deals Real Estate Small Business The Street Health Kids' Health Running Nutrition Sports Medicine Food Clean Plates Craig LaBan The Insider Opinion Blogs Columnists Think Tank Lifestyle Home & Design Sex & Dating Style Travel Marketplace Find a Home Job Listings Print Offers Online All Classifieds People Births Celebrations Engagements Obituaries Death Notices Your Day Event Calendar PMN Events Horoscope Lottery Weather Newsletters Advertise Contact Us Permissions Reprints Powered By Inquirer logo Subscribe Daily News logo Subscribe business Insider Transactions Updated: November 7, 2016 — 3:01 AM EST Facebook icon 0Share Twitter icon Tweet Tumblr icon Tumblr Mail icon Email Comment icon 0 Comment Reprints & Permissions REPRINTS Popular Stories Here's why people are burning their New Balance sneakers Nov 13 - 1:15 PM Puerto Rico is dumping off its heroin addicts in Philly Nov 12 - 5:18 AM Securities trades recently reported to the Securities and Exchange Commission by officers, directors, and principal shareholders of corporations based or having sizable employment in the Philadelphia area. Titles are as reported to the SEC. AmerisourceBergen Corp. Steven H. Collis, chief executive officer, sold 15,000 shares at $69.85 on Nov. 1, and now directly holds 216,252 shares. Boeing Co. J. Michael Luttig, general counsel, sold 200,754 shares at $142.46 on Oct. 31, and now directly holds 40,795 shares. Cigna Corp. Jason D. Sadler, officer, sold 4,000 shares at $121.80 on Oct. 31, and now directly holds 34,019 shares. Comcast Corp. David L. Cohen, officer, sold 19,886 shares at $62.20 to $62.57 on Oct. 27, and now directly and indirectly holds 686,679 shares. Hemispherx Biopharma Inc. Thomas K. Equels, chief executive officer, bought 10,000 shares at $1.00 on Nov. 1, and now directly holds 151,962 shares. Interdigital Inc. Richard J. Brezski, chief financial officer, sold 6,807 shares at $70.00 on Oct. 31, and now directly holds 22,289 shares. Knoll Inc. Benjamin Angelo Pardo, officer, sold 2,850 shares at $21.53 on Oct. 31, and now directly holds 21,575 shares. Malvern Bancorp Inc. Howard Kent, board chairman, bought 21,719 shares at $17.45 on Oct. 28, and directly and indirectly holds 126,340 shares. Cynthia Felzer Leitzell, director, bought 500 shares at $17.75 on Oct. 31, and now indirectly holds 3,000 shares. George E. Steinmetz, director, bought 300 shares at $17.64 on Oct. 31, and now directly holds 14,148 shares. Anthony C. Weagley, chief executive officer, bought 7,500 shares at $17.47 on Oct. 28, and now directly and indirectly holds 40,517 shares. Therese Woodman, director, bought 2,900 shares at $17.50 on Oct. 28, and now directly holds 9,596 shares. Merck & Co. Inc. Rochelle B. Lazarus, director, sold 20,000 shares at $59.06 on Nov. 2, and now directly holds 6,351 shares. Peter C. Wendell, director, sold 5,000 shares at $59.50 on Nov. 2, and now directly holds 1,000 shares. PNC Financial Services Group Inc. William S. Demchak, chief executive officer, sold 82,500 shares at $95.31 on Oct. 27, and now directly holds 395,834 shares. Michael J. Hannon, officer, sold 25,000 shares at $95.28 on Oct. 31, and now directly holds 62,452 shares. Gregory H. Kozich, officer, sold 10,000 shares at $95.32 on Oct. 31, and now directly holds 8,173 shares. Robert Q. Reilly, officer, sold 22,000 shares at $95.49 on Oct. 27, and now directly holds 84,209 shares. SEI Investments Co. Alfred P. West Jr., beneficial owner, sold 110,000 shares at $45.09 to $45.12 Oct. 25 to Oct. 26, and now directly holds 11,441,864 shares. Safeguard Scientifics Inc. Stephen T. Zarrilli, chief executive officer, bought 2,100 shares at $11.83 to $11.85 on Oct. 31, and now indirectly holds 114,476 shares. TE Connectivity Ltd. Thomas J. Lynch, chief executive officer, sold 123,633 shares at $63.07 on Nov. 1, and now directly holds 384,179 shares. Vishay Precision Group Inc. Nokomis Capital LLC, beneficial owner, bought 1,800 shares at $15.58 on Oct. 28, and now indirectly holds 1,886,137 shares. West Pharmaceutical Services Paula A. Johnson, director, sold 2,466 shares at $75.87 on Oct. 31, and now directly holds 36,038 shares. Windtree Therapeutics Inc. Craig Fraser, chief executive officer, bought 7,500 shares at $2.05 on Oct 28, and now directly holds 7,500 shares. More Coverage Insider Transactions 1:08 AM Insider Transactions Oct 17 - 1:08 AM Insider Transactions Oct 31 - 1:08 AM Published: November 7, 2016 — 3:01 AM EST The Philadelphia Inquirer We encourage respectful comments but reserve the right to delete anything that doesn't contribute to an engaging dialogue Help us moderate this thread by flagging comments that violate our guidelines Commenting policy | Comments FAQ Comment policy: Philly.com comments are intended to be civil, friendly conversations. Please treat other participants with respect and in a way that you would want to be treated. You are responsible for what you say. And please, stay on topic. If you see an objectionable post, please report it to us using the "Report Abuse" option. Please note that comments are monitored by Philly.com staff. We reserve the right at all times to remove any information or materials that are unlawful, threatening, abusive, libelous, defamatory, obscene, vulgar, pornographic, profane, indecent or otherwise objectionable. Personal attacks, especially on other participants, are not permitted. We reserve the right to permanently block any user who violates these terms and conditions. Additionally comments that are long, have multiple paragraph breaks, include code, or include hyperlinks may not be posted. Load comments Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Continue Reading More in business PhillyDeals › Trump could end Obama's overtime rule, which could be a good thing Business › Busy signals, long waits might be back for Pa.'s jobless Business › New studios, galleries part of South Philly art school's development plan Thousands of Philly nurses to protest A union representing thousands of Philadelphia area nurses will hold a day of picketing Tuesday. The nurses, all represented by the Pennsylvania... Lannett gets FDA approval for generic dementia medicine Lannett Co., a generic drug maker based in Northeast Philadelphia, said Monday the Food and Drug Administration has approved its generic version... Trump spells doom for set-top box reforms at FCC, observers say Former Nova Bank exec gets 14 months in prison Brian M. Hartline, 52, former chief executive of the defunct Nova Bank, was sentenced Monday to 14 months in prison and fined $50,000 for his... Thos. Moser goes modern with city's millennials and empty nesters The Madlyn and Leonard Abramson Center for Jewish Life names trustees Campbell Soup names division president If Donald Trump does what he promised... Philly.com logo is powered by Inquirer logo Digital Edition Subscribe Subscriber Services Daily News logo Digital Edition Subscribe Subscriber Services Twitter icon @phillydotcom Facebook icon /phillydotcom News & Info News Sports Entertainment Business Health Food Lifestyle Opinion Event Calendar Archives Marketplace Deals Find a Home Job Listings Print Offers All Classifieds About us About Philly.com Advertise Contact Us Licensing & Permissions Photo Reprints Newspapers In Education Career Opportunities Internships   Mobile Apps Email Notifications Morning headlines Eagles This Week Things To Do Dining In and Out Sports Business Health Lifestyle PMN Events Show all ▾ Show some ▾ © Copyright 2016 Philadelphia Media Network (Digital), LLC Terms of Use & Privacy Policy
X Edition: India Business Business Home Economy Reuters Summits Deals Business Video Company Results & Outlooks Autos Markets Markets Home Indices Stock Quotes India Markets US Markets Currencies Commodities Funds India Top News India Insight Monsoon Top News Video World World Home South Asia Middle East Special Reports Reuters Investigates World Video Tech Technology Home Science Tech Video Innovation Commentary Commentary Home Expert Zone Breakingviews Breakingviews Home Breakingview Videos Money Money Home Stock Screener Fund Screener Sport & Life Sports Lifestyle Bollywood Entertainment Oddly Enough Health Arts Lifestyle Video Pictures Pictures Home The Wider Image Photographers Focus 360 Video ANALYSIS - After $195 million in talc verdicts, J&J strives to change cour... Africa América Latina عربي Argentina Brasil Canada 中国 Deutschland España France India Italia 日本 México РОССИЯ United Kingdom United States Money News | Mon Nov 7, 2016 | 10:38am IST ANALYSIS - After $195 million in talc verdicts, J&J strives to change court Products made by Johnson & Johnson for sale on a store shelf in Westminster, Colorado April 14, 2009. REUTERS/Rick Wilking/Files By Brendan Pierson After a $67.5 million jury verdict against Johnson & Johnson on October 27 marked its third straight trial defeat in an onslaught of lawsuits claiming its talc-based products cause ovarian cancer, the company is hoping to reverse the trend by having the cases heard in a different court. All three awards, totaling around $195 million, were handed down in state court in St. Louis, Missouri, with the same judge presiding. Women or their families have filed 2,500 similar claims, the vast majority in the same court, which is one of several in the United States that attracts consumer lawsuits. The plaintiffs claim studies show J&J's Baby Powder and Shower to Shower products, when used in the vaginal area, increase the risk of ovarian cancer. The company counters that larger, more comprehensive studies show no such link. In a court filing in August, J&J argued the case should be dismissed because plaintiffs’ lawyers tainted the St. Louis jury pool. The company said the other side spent almost $10 million on national and local television commercials in the previous year, with a disproportionate share of them running in St. Louis. The women's lawyers have denied J&J's claim. The company also contended that, because most of them are not from St. Louis and the New Jersey-based company has no strong ties to the area, the cases should not have been heard there. The judge rejected both arguments. John Beisner, one of the top lawyers representing J&J, said the company plans to make the same arguments to the Missouri Court of Appeals. If the St. Louis court is found not to have jurisdiction, the cases would have to be refiled elsewhere. Beisner compared the St. Louis verdicts to a favorable ruling in September from a state court judge in New Jersey. That judge, who is presiding over some 200 talc cases, disqualified the plaintiffs' experts on the grounds that their scientific testimony was too speculative. In the same decision, he dismissed the first two cases set for trial and the ruling is being appealed. J&J unsuccessfully tried to block the testimony of the experts in St. Louis on similar grounds. The company will make the same challenge on appeal, Beisner said. Last week's $70 million verdict followed Missouri jury awards of $72 million in February and $55 million in May. The first big talc verdict in February was won by the family of Jacqueline Fox, who died in October 2015. Their lawyers said she used J&J Baby Powder and Shower to Shower Powder daily for 35 years for genital hygiene before she was diagnosed with ovarian cancer in 2013. Jere Beasley, whose firm has filed hundreds of talc cases, including the three Missouri wins and two New Jersey dismissals, said the verdicts should prompt J&J to make a deal. "If I were representing them, I would say, folks, we need to sit down and regroup and start trying to settle these cases," he said. LARGE VERDICTS Large verdicts are relatively common in major product liability cases, and they are often reduced or overturned on appeal. One lawsuit against Merck & Co over its recalled painkiller Vioxx produced a $253 million verdict in 2005, which was thrown out three years later. Merck eventually settled most Vioxx cases for $4.85 billion in 2007. Shareholders in J&J, which had sales of $70 billion last year, have so far shrugged off the three talc verdicts, the first of the cases to go to trial. But if the trend continues, liability could mount. The company has not reported setting aside any litigation reserve to deal with talc cases, as it has with previous claims over antipsychotic drug Rispardal and recalled hip implants. J&J no longer sells Shower to Shower, which was acquired by Valeant Pharmaceuticals in 2012. Though not a major seller on its own, Baby Powder is a recognized symbol of J&J’s baby care line, which brought in $2 billion in revenue in 2015. Some legal experts said it made sense for J&J to fight on. "Ordinarily I would say three verdicts like that would prompt you to think about settlement," said University of Georgia Law School professor Elizabeth Burch, who researches product liability cases, but she said J&J's case is somewhat different. A settlement would not necessarily cap J&J's liability, Burch said, because its talc products are still on the market, unlike companies whose products have been recalled. Howard Erichson, a professor at Fordham School of Law, said the company also had valid concerns about the impact of a settlement on its position in the market. "This is not Vioxx. This is not asbestos," Erichson said. "This is a case where the company wants to defend its brand, and is not going to be anxious to announce a big settlement that appears to concede that the product is harmful. (Reporting By Brendan Pierson in New York; Editing by Anthony Lin, Amy Stevens and Grant McCool) Next In Money News RBI sets up panel to oversee ATM recalibrations MUMBAI Reserve Bank of India (RBI) said on Monday it will set up a task force under Deputy Governor SS Mundra to oversee the recalibration of ATM machines after the country introduced new banknotes to replace old 500 rupee and 1,000 rupee notes. Wall Street falls as tech drags; investors eye Trump policies U.S. stocks were lower in early afternoon trading on Monday as tech stocks weighed and investors looked for more clarity on President-elect Donald Trump's policies. Tata Motors quarterly profit falls short of estimates NEW DELHI India's Tata Motors Ltd on Monday posted a quarterly net profit but missed estimates due to higher realised hedging losses and a one-time provision at its British luxury unit Jaguar Land Rover, the company said in a statement. MORE FROM REUTERS Sponsored Content From Around the Web Promoted by Taboola Trending Stories Editor's Pick India announces new measures to increase supply of cash Sponsored Topics X Follow Reuters: Follow Us On Twitter Follow Us On Facebook RSS Follow Us On LinkedIn Subscribe: Newsletters | Apps Reuters News Agency | Brand Attribution Guidelines Reuters is the news and media division of Thomson Reuters. Thomson Reuters is the world's largest international multimedia news agency, providing investing news, world news, business news, technology news, headline news, small business news, news alerts, personal finance, stock market, and mutual funds information available on Reuters.com, video, mobile, and interactive television platforms. Learn more about Thomson Reuters products: Eikon Information, analytics and exclusive news on financial markets - delivered in an intuitive desktop and mobile interface Elektron Everything you need to empower your workflow and enhance your enterprise data management World-Check Screen for heightened risk individual and entities globally to help uncover hidden risks in business relationships and human networks Westlaw Build the strongest argument relying on authoritative content, attorney-editor expertise, and industry defining technology ONESOURCE The most comprehensive solution to manage all your complex and ever-expanding tax and compliance needs CHECKPOINT The industry leader for online information for tax, accounting and finance professionals All quotes delayed a minimum of 15 minutes. See here for a complete list of exchanges and delays. Site Feedback Corrections Advertise With Us Advertising Guidelines AdChoices Terms of Use Privacy Policy
Google+ Singapore Weather Min. 24° | Max. 34° Air Quality: PSI 28-50 We set you thinking Tuesday 15 November 2016 Read the PDF print edition Main menu hot news Commentary Voices Singapore daily focus China & India World Business Tech Sports Entertainment Lifestyle Blogs Photos Videos Print Edition Management Impact SME Property newstream Business Exclusive: Mexico banking watchdog boosts oversight of banks after Trump win 1479165311 World New Zealand begins evacuating tourists from quake-hit town 1479160847 Business Nasdaq names Friedman CEO; Greifeld to be chairman 1479163783 Business Wall St. ends flat as financials' rise offsets tech drop 1479159621 Singapore TODAY's morning briefing for Nov 15 1479134340 World Guerrilla group claims responsibility for attack at French embassy in Athens 1479163130 Business SEC Chair White to time her exit from agency with Obama's 1479162175 World Canada airliner swerves to avoid object near Toronto; two hurt 1479163236 Business Apple stock extends losses after China warning about Trump 1479161233 Business Reynolds American rejects BAT's $47 billion takeover offer: source 1479161730 Business Big-name investors remained bearish on financials before U.S. election 1479154794 World In Iraq, Syrian Kurds long to return home to fight Islamic State 1479148109 World Russian police find evidence of fraud during parliamentary election 1479158999 World U.S. slams proposed Israeli bill on settlements as 'troubling step' 1479157785 World Poland re-examines remains of president killed in 2010 plane crash 1479149793 World Merkel urges Germans to stay 'open-minded' 1479149557 World UAE court jails three men for involvement in banned groups 1479154867 World Austria doesn't need emergency cap on refugees now: minister 1479152896 World Islamic State claims suicide attacks as Mosul campaign makes slow progress 1479151562 World Trump poses daunting new challenge for Germany's Merkel 1479147743 World Nigerian police, Shi'ite Muslims clash in Kano state, at least nine dead 1479149009 World Congo cabinet resigns as part of deal for Kabila to stay 1479150433 World Prosecutors question Julian Assange at Ecuador embassy in London 1479150028 Business Oil rebounds from three-month lows on renewed hopes for OPEC cut 1479159093 Business Too early to tell impact of Trump policies: Fed's Kaplan 1479156434 Business Exclusive: Audit of U.S. stress test ready, may aid Dodd Frank overhaul fight 1479150386 Business U.S. finalizes 'quiet cars' rules to prevent injuries 1479158115 Business American Apparel files for second bankruptcy in just over a year 1479148950 Business With 'change in the air', PM May asks business to help on economy 1479158008 World Amid crisis, Venezuelan president turns to music 1479145554 Singapore Singapore, Malaysia likely to sign agreement on high-speed rail next month 1479153696 Sports Lions can roar at Suzuki Cup 1479153695 Business SGX, NUS talk local feasibility of dual-class shares 1479153695 Business US$ surges on expectations Trump will boost spending 1479153695 Sports Messi set to leave Barca in 2018 after rejecting offer 1479153694 Singapore Woman to be charged with making false police report 1479153694 Sports Don’t delay appointment of Aitken’s replacement: De Bruin 1479153694 World Malaysia not giving up on TPP 1479153694 Business Singapore kicks off week-long FinTech Festival 1479153693 Business Japan economy grows faster than expected, BOJ governor warns of risks 1479153693 Tech Samsung to buy US auto tech firm Harman for S$11b 1479153693 Voices Institutional changes needed to prevent teen suicides 1479153692 Voices Malaysia’s new foreign-car levy may have unintended benefits for S’poreans 1479153692 Voices Will rise in waste collection fee mean a better service? 1479153692 World Drop in China’s CO2 emissions helps to hold down global levels: Study 1479153692 Sports Stakes high in China-Qatar qualifier despite game being a dead rubber 1479153691 World Jakarta protest, tied to faith, may have deeper links to secular politics 1479153691 Voices Low confidence in Trump, but hopefully he grows into job 1479153691 China&India Beijing lets outspoken editor of Global Times off the leash 1479153690 China&India Despite bitter election, many Chinese see US democracy as example to follow 1479153690 Business After $195 million in talc verdicts, J&J strives to change court A bottle of Johnson's Baby Powder is seen in a photo illustration taken in New York. Photo: Reuters mail print View all comments Tweet Published: 7:40 AM, November 7, 2016 After a $67.5 million jury verdict against Johnson & Johnson <JNJ.N> on Oct. 27 marked its third straight trial defeat in an onslaught of lawsuits claiming its talc-based products cause ovarian cancer, the company is hoping to reverse the trend by having the cases heard in a different court. All three awards, totaling around $195 million, were handed down in state court in St. Louis, Missouri, with the same judge presiding. Women or their families have filed 2,500 similar claims, the vast majority in the same court, which is one of several in the United States that attracts consumer lawsuits. The plaintiffs claim studies show J&J's Baby Powder and Shower to Shower products, when used in the vaginal area, increase the risk of ovarian cancer. The company counters that larger, more comprehensive studies show no such link. In a court filing in August, J&J argued the case should be dismissed because plaintiffs’ lawyers tainted the St. Louis jury pool. The company said the other side spent almost $10 million on national and local television commercials in the previous year, with a disproportionate share of them running in St. Louis. The women's lawyers have denied J&J's claim. The company also contended that, because most of them are not from St. Louis and the New Jersey-based company has no strong ties to the area, the cases should not have been heard there. The judge rejected both arguments. John Beisner, one of the top lawyers representing J&J, said the company plans to make the same arguments to the Missouri Court of Appeals. If the St. Louis court is found not to have jurisdiction, the cases would have to be refiled elsewhere. Beisner compared the St. Louis verdicts to a favorable ruling in September from a state court judge in New Jersey. That judge, who is presiding over some 200 talc cases, disqualified the plaintiffs' experts on the grounds that their scientific testimony was too speculative. In the same decision, he dismissed the first two cases set for trial and the ruling is being appealed. J&J unsuccessfully tried to block the testimony of the experts in St. Louis on similar grounds. The company will make the same challenge on appeal, Beisner said. Last week's $70 million verdict followed Missouri jury awards of $72 million in February and $55 million in May. The first big talc verdict in February was won by the family of Jacqueline Fox, who died in October 2015. Their lawyers said she used J&J Baby Powder and Shower to Shower Powder daily for 35 years for genital hygiene before she was diagnosed with ovarian cancer in 2013. Jere Beasley, whose firm has filed hundreds of talc cases, including the three Missouri wins and two New Jersey dismissals, said the verdicts should prompt J&J to make a deal. "If I were representing them, I would say, folks, we need to sit down and regroup and start trying to settle these cases," he said. LARGE VERDICTS Large verdicts are relatively common in major product liability cases, and they are often reduced or overturned on appeal. One lawsuit against Merck & Co over its recalled painkiller Vioxx produced a $253 million verdict in 2005, which was thrown out three years later. Merck eventually settled most Vioxx cases for $4.85 billion in 2007. Shareholders in J&J, which had sales of $70 billion last year, have so far shrugged off the three talc verdicts, the first of the cases to go to trial. But if the trend continues, liability could mount. The company has not reported setting aside any litigation reserve to deal with talc cases, as it has with previous claims over antipsychotic drug Rispardal and recalled hip implants. J&J no longer sells Shower to Shower, which was acquired by Valeant Pharmaceuticals in 2012. Though not a major seller on its own, Baby Powder is a recognized symbol of J&J’s baby care line, which brought in $2 billion in revenue in 2015. Some legal experts said it made sense for J&J to fight on. "Ordinarily I would say three verdicts like that would prompt you to think about settlement," said University of Georgia Law School professor Elizabeth Burch, who researches product liability cases, but she said J&J's case is somewhat different. A settlement would not necessarily cap J&J's liability, Burch said, because its talc products are still on the market, unlike companies whose products have been recalled. Howard Erichson, a professor at Fordham School of Law, said the company also had valid concerns about the impact of a settlement on its position in the market. "This is not Vioxx. This is not asbestos," Erichson said. "This is a case where the company wants to defend its brand, and is not going to be anxious to announce a big settlement that appears to concede that the product is harmful. REUTERS mail print View all comments Tweet Recommended For You   More Stories For You The Most Business READ COMMENTED “India really means business”: Iswaran ’appy iPhone users as WhatsApp Web goes iOS ‘Your fried rice’s ready, Chef’ ‘Unicorns’ face up to reality of new dotcom bubble ‘Tweaks' to property cooling measures worth exploring, say industry players Yum unit Taco Bell to have 8,000 U.S. outlets by end-2022 With 'change in the air', PM May asks business to help on economy While India plugs black money holes, Indians find leaks What’s most worrying about the current economic climate? What next for Singapore’s private housing market? Wells Fargo CEO says bank changing handling of whistleblower complaints Weatherford International CEO Bernard Duroc-Danner leaves Wall Street surges after Trump wins White House Wall Street soars as investors see higher chance of Clinton win Wall Street gains as traders bet on Clinton triumph Inside Today World Canada airliner swerves to avoid object near Toronto; two hurt Guerrilla group claims responsibility for attack at French embassy in Athens New Zealand begins evacuating tourists from quake-hit town Russian police find evidence of fraud during parliamentary election U.S. slams proposed Israeli bill on settlements as 'troubling step' Business Exclusive: Mexico banking watchdog boosts oversight of banks after Trump win Nasdaq names Friedman CEO; Greifeld to be chairman SEC Chair White to time her exit from agency with Obama's Reynolds American rejects BAT's $47 billion takeover offer: source Apple stock extends losses after China warning about Trump Sports Lions can roar at Suzuki Cup Messi set to leave Barca in 2018 after rejecting offer Don’t delay appointment of Aitken’s replacement: De Bruin Stakes high in China-Qatar qualifier despite game being a dead rubber Asian Youth development guru sows seeds in S’pore Entertainment Unlucky Jeanette Aw Cinematic Taipei Jackie Chan ‘finally’ gets an Oscar Meet single mother Azizah, who takes care of 4 children and an elderly mum ‘Depressed’ De Niro backs anti-Trump protests About TODAY Apps RSS Sitemap Syndication Contact Us Advertise with Us Terms & Conditions About MediaCorp Copyright 2016 © Mediacorp Press Ltd. All Rights Reserved. Mediacorp News Group
Log In News Weather On Air Events Photos Blogs Podcasts Search Facebook twitter Skip to main content The Talk of the North 710 AM Duluth, Minnesota Log In Menu News Weather On Air Events Photos Blogs Podcasts Search Facebook twitter Current Show The Mark Levin Show 5PM–8PM Upcoming Shows Next Show The Savage Nation 8PM–11PM The Mike Gallagher Show 11PM–2AM The Larry Elder Show 2AM–5AM Current Weather (55811) 42° Search Our Site Search The Mark Levin Show 5PM–8PM News After $195 million in talc verdicts, J&J strives to change court After $195 million in talc verdicts, J&J strives to change court Sunday, November 06, 2016 5:10 p.m. CST A bottle of Johnson and Johnson Baby Powder is seen in a photo illustration taken in New York, February 24, 2016. REUTERS/Shannon Stapleton/ By Brendan Pierson (Reuters) - After a $67.5 million jury verdict against Johnson & Johnson on Oct. 27 marked its third straight trial defeat in an onslaught of lawsuits claiming its talc-based products cause ovarian cancer, the company is hoping to reverse the trend by having the cases heard in a different court. All three awards, totaling around $195 million, were handed down in state court in St. Louis, Missouri, with the same judge presiding. Women or their families have filed 2,500 similar claims, the vast majority in the same court, which is one of several in the United States that attracts consumer lawsuits. The plaintiffs claim studies show J&J's Baby Powder and Shower to Shower products, when used in the vaginal area, increase the risk of ovarian cancer. The company counters that larger, more comprehensive studies show no such link. In a court filing in August, J&J argued the case should be dismissed because plaintiffs’ lawyers tainted the St. Louis jury pool. The company said the other side spent almost $10 million on national and local television commercials in the previous year, with a disproportionate share of them running in St. Louis. The women's lawyers have denied J&J's claim. The company also contended that, because most of them are not from St. Louis and the New Jersey-based company has no strong ties to the area, the cases should not have been heard there. The judge rejected both arguments. John Beisner, one of the top lawyers representing J&J, said the company plans to make the same arguments to the Missouri Court of Appeals. If the St. Louis court is found not to have jurisdiction, the cases would have to be refiled elsewhere. Beisner compared the St. Louis verdicts to a favorable ruling in September from a state court judge in New Jersey. That judge, who is presiding over some 200 talc cases, disqualified the plaintiffs' experts on the grounds that their scientific testimony was too speculative. In the same decision, he dismissed the first two cases set for trial and the ruling is being appealed. J&J unsuccessfully tried to block the testimony of the experts in St. Louis on similar grounds. The company will make the same challenge on appeal, Beisner said. Last week's $70 million verdict followed Missouri jury awards of $72 million in February and $55 million in May. The first big talc verdict in February was won by the family of Jacqueline Fox, who died in October 2015. Their lawyers said she used J&J Baby Powder and Shower to Shower Powder daily for 35 years for genital hygiene before she was diagnosed with ovarian cancer in 2013. Jere Beasley, whose firm has filed hundreds of talc cases, including the three Missouri wins and two New Jersey dismissals, said the verdicts should prompt J&J to make a deal. "If I were representing them, I would say, folks, we need to sit down and regroup and start trying to settle these cases," he said. LARGE VERDICTS Large verdicts are relatively common in major product liability cases, and they are often reduced or overturned on appeal. One lawsuit against Merck & Co over its recalled painkiller Vioxx produced a $253 million verdict in 2005, which was thrown out three years later. Merck eventually settled most Vioxx cases for $4.85 billion in 2007. Shareholders in J&J, which had sales of $70 billion last year, have so far shrugged off the three talc verdicts, the first of the cases to go to trial. But if the trend continues, liability could mount. The company has not reported setting aside any litigation reserve to deal with talc cases, as it has with previous claims over antipsychotic drug Rispardal and recalled hip implants. J&J no longer sells Shower to Shower, which was acquired by Valeant Pharmaceuticals in 2012. Though not a major seller on its own, Baby Powder is a recognized symbol of J&J’s baby care line, which brought in $2 billion in revenue in 2015. Some legal experts said it made sense for J&J to fight on. "Ordinarily I would say three verdicts like that would prompt you to think about settlement," said University of Georgia Law School professor Elizabeth Burch, who researches product liability cases, but she said J&J's case is somewhat different. A settlement would not necessarily cap J&J's liability, Burch said, because its talc products are still on the market, unlike companies whose products have been recalled. Howard Erichson, a professor at Fordham School of Law, said the company also had valid concerns about the impact of a settlement on its position in the market. "This is not Vioxx. This is not asbestos," Erichson said. "This is a case where the company wants to defend its brand, and is not going to be anxious to announce a big settlement that appears to concede that the product is harmful. (Reporting By Brendan Pierson in New York; Editing by Anthony Lin, Amy Stevens and Grant McCool) Comments Top Stories Dock Redevelopment Project Completed Monday, November 14 Gas Prices Continue To Drop In Twin Ports Monday, November 14 Stranded Canoeist Rescued From St. Louis River Monday, November 14 Community Unity Gathering At City Hall Monday, November 14 Winter Hazard Awareness Week Sunday, November 13 News Sections Local State National World Local Sports Sports Politics Business Health Science Technology Entertainment Station Information © 2016 710 WDSM - WDSM The Talk of the North Facebook twitter Listen 710 AM in Duluth, Minnesota Contact Studio Line 1: 218-722-7500 Text Us at 39327 Advertise With Us Job Opportunities Contact Us More Privacy Policy (PDF) Terms of Use (PDF) Contest Rules EEO
RecomN - Local Services| About Us| E-Paper| Search| MOBILE KLIK UNTUK PROJEKMMO 点击M中文网 Facebook Twitter RSS Last updated Tuesday, November 15, 2016 7:31 am GMT+8 Kuala Lumpur 25°C, Mostly Cloudy MMOTV News Malaysia World Money Life Showbiz Opinion Sports Eat/Drink Travel Read Tech/Gadgets Drive Gallery Money After US$195m in talc verdicts, J&J strives to change court Monday November 7, 2016 07:14 AM GMT+8 ICYMI Rooney out of Spain game, Henderson to captain England The Edit: Supermoon wows stargazers tonight Sweden starts grilling of Assange at Ecuador embassy ProjekMMO: Siapa MP Pandan jika Rafizi gagal rayuan? Advertisement More stories                Tools Increase Text Decrease Text Reset Text Print Article A bottle of Johnson and Johnson Baby Powder is seen in a photo illustration taken in New York, February 24, 2016. — Reuters pic NE WYORK, Nov 7  — After a US$67.5 million (RM284.18 million) jury verdict against Johnson & Johnson on October 27 marked its third straight trial defeat in an onslaught of lawsuits claiming its talc-based products cause ovarian cancer, the company is hoping to reverse the trend by having the cases heard in a different court. All three awards, totalling around US$195 million, were handed down in state court in St. Louis, Missouri, with the same judge presiding.  Women or their families have filed 2,500 similar claims, the vast majority in the same court, which is one of several in the United States that attracts consumer lawsuits. The plaintiffs claim studies show J&J’s Baby Powder and Shower to Shower products, when used in the vaginal area, increase the risk of ovarian cancer.  The company counters that larger, more comprehensive studies show no such link. In a court filing in August, J&J argued the case should be dismissed because plaintiffs’ lawyers tainted the St. Louis jury pool.  The company said the other side spent almost US$10 million on national and local television commercials in the previous year, with a disproportionate share of them running in St. Louis.  The women’s lawyers have denied J&J’s claim. The company also contended that, because most of them are not from St. Louis and the New Jersey-based company has no strong ties to the area, the cases should not have been heard there.  The judge rejected both arguments. John Beisner, one of the top lawyers representing J&J, said the company plans to make the same arguments to the Missouri Court of Appeals. If the St. Louis court is found not to have jurisdiction, the cases would have to be refiled elsewhere. Beisner compared the St. Louis verdicts to a favorable ruling in September from a state court judge in New Jersey. That judge, who is presiding over some 200 talc cases, disqualified the plaintiffs’ experts on the grounds that their scientific testimony was too speculative. In the same decision, he dismissed the first two cases set for trial and the ruling is being appealed. J&J unsuccessfully tried to block the testimony of the experts in St. Louis on similar grounds. The company will make the same challenge on appeal, Beisner said. Last week’s US$70 million verdict followed Missouri jury awards of US$72 million in February and US$55 million in May. The first big talc verdict in February was won by the family of Jacqueline Fox, who died in October 2015. Their lawyers said she used J&J Baby Powder and Shower to Shower Powder daily for 35 years for genital hygiene before she was diagnosed with ovarian cancer in 2013. Jere Beasley, whose firm has filed hundreds of talc cases, including the three Missouri wins and two New Jersey dismissals, said the verdicts should prompt J&J to make a deal. “If I were representing them, I would say, folks, we need to sit down and regroup and start trying to settle these cases,” he said. Large verdicts  Large verdicts are relatively common in major product liability cases, and they are often reduced or overturned on appeal.  One lawsuit against Merck & Co over its recalled painkiller Vioxx produced a US$253 million verdict in 2005, which was thrown out three years later. Merck eventually settled most Vioxx cases for US$4.85 billion in 2007. Shareholders in J&J, which had sales of US$70 billion last year, have so far shrugged off the three talc verdicts, the first of the cases to go to trial. But if the trend continues, liability could mount.  The company has not reported setting aside any litigation reserve to deal with talc cases, as it has with previous claims over antipsychotic drug Rispardal and recalled hip implants. J&J no longer sells Shower to Shower, which was acquired by Valeant Pharmaceuticals in 2012.  Though not a major seller on its own, Baby Powder is a recognised symbol of J&J’s baby care line, which brought in US$2 billion in revenue in 2015. Some legal experts said it made sense for J&J to fight on. “Ordinarily, I would say three verdicts like that would prompt you to think about settlement,” said University of Georgia Law School professor Elizabeth Burch, who researches product liability cases, but she said J&J’s case is somewhat different. A settlement would not necessarily cap J&J’s liability, Burch said, because its talc products are still on the market, unlike companies whose products have been recalled. Howard Erichson, a professor at Fordham School of Law, said the company also had valid concerns about the impact of a settlement on its position in the market. “This is not Vioxx. This is not asbestos,” Erichson said.  “This is a case where the company wants to defend its brand, and is not going to be anxious to announce a big settlement that appears to concede that the product is harmful.” — Reuters                 MORE ON MMOTV Most Viewed Now Week US stocks mixed as Samsung announces US$8b Harman deal Stocks, dollar push higher tracking Trump Apple stock extends losses after China warning about Trump Dollar surges to 11-month high as bond rout continues WCT gets RM896.41m job from MRT Oil slumps as prospect of Trump victory roils global markets Popularity becomes curse for Malaysia, Indonesia currencies US stocks decline after rally as election takes centre stage Malaysia growth push stymied by banks cautious on loans BNM: Ringgit fell against most world currencies in third quarter Most Watched Now Week 'Beauty and the Beast' first full-length trailer Reuters Video: Models with Down Syndrome team up with celebrities Ah Beng reviews iguana’s epic escape from snakes (WARNING: EXPLICIT LANGUAGE) Ah Beng reviews iguana’s epic escape from snakes (WARNING: EXPLICIT LANGUAGE) Reuters Video: Philippines’ Duterte says ‘Long live Trump’ Reuters Video: Duchess meets movie-star cat, animals go wild Related Articles Advertisement MMO Instagram Tweets by @themmailonline Tweets by @themmailonline MMOTV News Malaysia World Money Life Showbiz Opinion Sports Eat/Drink Travel Read Tech/Gadgets Drive Gallery Copyright © 2016 Malay Mail Online About Us | Contact Us | Policies | Search | Archive | E-Paper | Mobile | ProjekMMO | RecomN - Local Services

Back To Top[*] Researchers in U.S. report promising new Alzheimer's drug Nov. 07, 2016 - 06:10AM JST A new experimental treatment against Alzheimer’s has proved to be promising and free of harmful side effects, researchers in the United States report. The research published in the journal Science Translational Medicine on the basis of a small 32-person sample gave rise to two broader clinical trials that are now underway with more than 3,000 subjects. The treatment uses a compound called verubecestat, developed by U.S. pharmaceutical firm. It reduces levels of proteins called beta amyloids by blocking an enzyme known as BACE1. In people with Alzheimer’s disease, the proteins clump into plaques that damage the brain, affecting cognitive abilities, especially memory. The enzyme plays a key role in production of the proteins. The 32 people who participated in the first clinical trial had been diagnosed with mild to moderate Alzheimer’s. Pharmaceutical labs are working to develop compounds that can stop or even reverse the formation of these plaques. Until now, products developed to neutralize the BACEI enzyme had very toxic side effects, such as liver damage or further neuro-degeneration. But verubecestat does not, said Dr Matthew Kennedy of the Merck research lab in northeastern state of New Jersey. Researchers found that one or two doses of the compound were enough to lower protein levels without causing side effects. The two so-called phase 3 clinical trials now under way to evaluate how well verubecestat works will conclude in July 2017. If the results are good, the compound could be marketed as a pill in two or three years. The number of people in the United States suffering from mind-wasting Alzheimer’s could surpass 28 million by 2050 after the entire baby boomer generation gets past age 80, according to projections. The World Health Organization says 36 million people around the world suffer from some form of dementia, most of them with Alzheimer. The figure is expected to double by 2030 to exceed 65.7 million, and triple by 2050 to 115.4 million, if no effective treatment is found in the next few years. Back To Top[*] Switch to full browser version © 2016 GPlusMedia
Your browser does not support JavaScript or it has been disabled! Please make sure you have JavaScript enabled or choose other browser! We use cookies to personalise content and ads, to provide social media features and to analyse our traffic. We may also share information about your use of our site with our social media, advertising and analytics partners. Read more about our Privacy Policy. I got it! Toggle navigation Resources 818 Events 680 Publications 102597 News 2091 Videos 1916 Organisers 4120People 1898 Speakers 768 Sponsors 13338 Events Archive Events Publications News Videos More Publications 1916 Organisers 4120 People 1898 Speakers 768 Sponsors 13338 Events Archive Policies Dossiers Search Add Add Event Add Video Add Publication Add Speaker Add Sponsor Add Venue Join Log In 9th Social Media in the Pharmaceutical Industry The 9th Social Media in the Pharmaceutical Industry will take place on 18 & 19 January 2017 in London iCal G Cal Register SMi’s 9th annual conference on Social Media in the Pharmaceutical Industry will gather a global audience of pharmaceutical marketing professionals and social media experts. Now running for almost a decade, this year’s packed agenda will feature over 16 compelling presentations. Day 1 will address topics on leveraging social media and pharma social listening for building better brand reputation and digital content marketing; while Day 2 explores advancements in technology, mHealth apps, regulatory updates, patient engagement and building social networks for HCPs. Join an unrivalled list of social healthcare practitioners, senior marketers and brand managers to discuss and debate the latest trends, technologies and top tricks of the trade; learn from practical case studies; and benchmark best practice to maximise digital strategy. FEATURED SPEAKERS ALSO INCLUDE:     * Daniel Ghinn, Founder & CEO, CREATION     * Julie O'Donnell, Co-Founder, Former Senior Director Head of Global Customer Interaction Management, One15 Healthcare, Lundbeck     * Phil Tregunno, Signal Management Unit Manager, WEB-RADR Project Lead, MHRA     * Sarah Sunderland, Regional Digital Marketing Director (EU, Japan, Australia & New Zealand), Pfizer     * Thibaud Guymard, Head of Digital Services, MSD     * Scott Gavin, Regional Lead, Digital Centre of Excellence, Pfizer     * Doris Casares, Communications Director, Medicines for Europe     * Dimithri Wignarajah, Head of Content & Social Media, GE Healthcare Life Science     * Penny Goddard, Senior Manager Patient Recruitment and Retention, AbbVie ...and more! If you haven't seen a brochure yet for the programme, click here to view the agenda. When 18 January 2017 @ 08:30 19 January 2017 @ 05:00 Duration: 1 days, 8 hours Where Holiday Inn Kensington Forum 97 Cromwell Road United Kingdom Organised by SMi Group Ltd. (view profile) Premium Event Select Event and Duration Credit Card M 01 02 03 04 05 06 07 08 09 10 11 12 Y 2015 2016 2017 2018 2019 2020 2021 2022 Do you have a discount Coupon? Secure payment protected by industry standard encryption. Please allow up 60 minutes for activation. You will receive the invoice for your service purchase within 1 business day. For any information, please contact us Cancel Pay Now All good! Your payment was successfully received. Your Event has been successfully upgraded to Premium for the next month(s) - until . We have just sent you an email at with information about the customisation and visibility options included in your Premium Event. For any issue or question, please contact us. Close Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Similar Events in Health SeGaMed 2016 France, 25 November 2016 Late Stage Pharma Lifecycle Management | 2-Day Course with Dr. Neal Hansen Belgium, 29 November 2016 International Congress of Health Workforce Education and Research Portugal, 27 June 2017 The Health Technology Assessment Course Belgium, 13 December 2016 GLOBAL ANTI-COUNTERFEITING IN PHARMA SUMMIT Germany, 28 November 2016 More like these ... Similar Webinars in Health Compliance with the European Cosmetics Products Regulation (EC) 1223-2009 15 November 2016 Editing Your Own Work (after you've read it 1000 times) 30 November 2016 Recent Publications in Health DO MICROBES CONTROL OUR MOOD? Publication, youris.com GEIE , October 2016 Levelling food price volatility, while supporting the poor Publication, youris.com GEIE , October 2016 Food and Drink Federation ambition 2025, shaping sustainable value chains Publication, foodnavigator.com , October 2016 Food & Beverage Benchmark Findings Report - How are 20 of the largest companies addressing forced labor in their supply chains? Report, foodnavigator.com , October 2016 The future of food: the investment case for a protein shake up, 2016 briefing Policy Brief, foodnavigator.com , October 2016 More like these ... Recent Videos in Health The Health, 12 November 2016 PCWP/ HCPWP Going viral: the state of play and potential of social media in 2016 Health, 5 November 2016 PCWP and HCPWP Virtual interaction with real patients Health, 5 November 2016 PCWP and HCPWP EMA: towards increased engagement through social media Health, 5 November 2016 PCWP and HCPWP The experience from US FDA Health, 5 November 2016 More like these ... Recent News in Health Govts can work to ensure people are able to make healthy choices and health systems are able to diagnose, treat & c… https://t.co/dW5Gz0ZkA4 @WHO_Europe - 14 November 2016 21:45 It’s the World #Antibiotic Awareness Week. Find out more on EFSA’s fight against #AntimicrobialResistance… https://t.co/5lBtTaQj1K @EFSA_EU - 14 November 2016 17:55 The #minutes of the October meeting of our #veterinary committee (CVMP) are available: https://t.co/zdrLyoQ02R @EMA_News - 14 November 2016 17:08 #AntibioticResistance occurs naturally, but misuse of antibiotics is accelerating the process https://t.co/im6z7CZwTQ @WHO_Europe - 14 November 2016 16:07 The number of adults living with #diabetes almost quadrupled in 35 years: 1980: 108 million 2014: 422 million… https://t.co/o3G2MG1dKX @Food_EU - 14 November 2016 15:16 More like these ... Share this event with others Your name Your email Recipient(s) Your Message Share Contact SMi Group Ltd. Your Name Your Email Your Message Send message Title About Contact About Tour Blog Terms of Use Privacy Policy Guidelines Connect with us Directories Public access Events Publications News Videos Login to access Organisers People Events Archive Coming soon Speakers Sponsors Policy Areas energy environment health digital science agriculture culture social cities transport development trade economics internal-market foreign-affairs home-affairs institutions other Dossiers Brexit Migration Trade Agreements Erasmus+ Horizon 2020 Create an Account Upload your contents for free, stay up to date with relevant alerts and information. Join Log In Newsletter Stay updated with the latest developments & events in Europe and beyond Subscribe Invite a colleague to join your team Colleague Name Colleague Email Send Invitation
About Future Staff Contact Privacy Policy Search for: Select Press Releases Home / Press Releases / Lymphoma Research Foundation Hosts More than Four Hundred Registrants at Annual North American Educational Forum on Lymphoma in the Midwest Lymphoma Research Foundation Hosts More than Four Hundred Registrants at Annual North American Educational Forum on Lymphoma in the Midwest Posted on November 7, 2016 by Top News US Full Feed in Press Releases Conceptual image of a businessman holding big hammer The most comprehensive lymphoma education program for patients and their loved ones held in Chicago, IL, for first time. Chicago, IL (PRWEB) November 07, 2016 The Lymphoma Research Foundation (LRF) – the nation’s largest non-profit organization devoted exclusively to funding innovative lymphoma research and serving the lymphoma community through a comprehensive series of education programs, outreach initiatives and patient services – held its North American Educational Forum on Lymphoma from October 28-30, 2016, at the Palmer House Hilton in Chicago, Illinois. This two-and-a-half-day program represented the most comprehensive lymphoma-specific educational conference in North America, providing critical information on treatment options, patient support issues, clinical trials and the latest advances in lymphoma research to people with lymphoma and their loved ones. More than 400 patients, caregivers, and their loved ones registered for the 2016 Educational Forum, which was held in Chicago for the first time to provide education and support to lymphoma patients throughout the Midwest, and around the country, from some of the world’s leading lymphoma experts. This year’s Educational Forum was co-chaired by LRF’s Scientific Advisory Board Chair-elect Thomas M. Habermann, MD, Professor of Medicine at the Mayo Clinic College of Medicine at Rochester and LRF Scientific Advisory Board member Sonali M. Smith, MD, Associate Professor, Section of Hematology / Oncology, Director of the Lymphoma Program at the University of Chicago Medicine. “As a Chicago lymphoma thriver, I understand first-hand how important it is for the Lymphoma Research Foundation to host its annual North American Educational Forum on Lymphoma here in the Windy City,” said Michael Werner, Chair of the Lymphoma Research Foundation’s Board of Directors. “The Educational Forum provides a unique opportunity to learn about lymphoma and its treatment from some of the world’s leading experts in the disease, ask questions about your specific type of lymphoma and meet others who have the same type of lymphoma as you. This program can be life-changing for so many and I am grateful that the Foundation was able to bring this unique educational opportunity to Chicago this year. Given the promise of the research discussed that this year’s Ed Forum, I believe that we can functionally cure most types of lymphoma within the next decade if we adequately fund our brilliant scientists.” The 2016 North American Educational Forum on Lymphoma included disease-specific breakout sessions, expert panel presentations, treatment updates, and unique networking opportunities to those affected by lymphoma at no cost. “Reaching all those impacted by a lymphoma diagnosis is a priority of the Lymphoma Research Foundation,” said Meghan Gutierrez, LRF Chief Executive Officer. “As incidence rates of lymphoma continue to rise in the Midwest, it is important for the Lymphoma Research Foundation to expand its reach with the National Educational Forum on Lymphoma – the largest program of its type in the United States – to the lymphoma community, providing access to the latest information on lymphoma treatment options and clinical research.” This year’s North American Educational Forum on Lymphoma was supported by unrestricted educational grants from National Presenting Supporter Genentech | Biogen, National Platinum Supporter Celgene, National Gold Supporters AbbVie, Gilead Sciences, Pharmacyclics LLC, an AbbVie company, Janssen Biotech, Inc., and Teva Pharmaceuticals, National Silver Supporters Bayer, Seattle Genetics and Takeda Oncology, and National Bronze Supporters Adaptive Biotechnologies, Bristol-Myers Squibb, Idera Pharmaceuticals, Infinity Pharmaceuticals, Jazz Pharmaceuticals, Juno Therapeutics, Kite Pharmaceuticals, Merck and Novartis. For more information on the Lymphoma Research Foundation’s North American Educational Forum on Lymphoma, visit lymphoma.org/EdForum. About the Lymphoma Research Foundation The Lymphoma Research Foundation (LRF) is the nation’s largest non-profit organization devoted to funding innovative research and serving the lymphoma community through a comprehensive series of education programs, outreach initiatives and patient services. To date, LRF has awarded nearly $60 million in lymphoma-specific research. For additional information on LRF’s research, education and services, visit lymphoma.org. ### For the original version on PRWeb visit: http://www.prweb.com/releases/2016/11/prweb13831525.htm Latest News HREI Insights Awards™ Finalists Announced Monster Energy’s Conor McGregor Makes History by Knocking Out Eddie Alvarez to Claim his Second Title and is the First Fighter to Become a Two-Division UFC Champion Noninvasive Imaging Technique Protects Healthy Tissues During Freezing of Cancer Lesions Australian Photographer Wins Independent Music Award Ken Hutcheson to Speak at the Emerging Franchisor Conference Greenberg Traurig’s Kemal Hawa and Emily Naughton Speak at Greater Seattle & Pacific Northwest Data Center Summit Premier Financial Alliance Introduces “Living Life” – Indexed Universal Life Insurance Lance Pendleton Named Vice President of Sales Development and Education with William Pitt and Julia B. Fee Sotheby’s International Realty Grand Hyatt Washington Announces Inauguration Weekend Package Fit For a President SHAREHOLDER ALERT: Levi &amp; Korsinsky, LLP Notifies Shareholders of Opus Bank of Commencement of a Class Action Lawsuit and a Lead Plaintiff Deadline of December 27, 2016 – OPB © 2015 SSUChronicle. All rights reserved. Top Optimization WordPress Plugins & Solutions by W3 EDGE





