X Edition: United States Business Business Home Legal Deals Aerospace & Defense Finance Autos Reuters Summits ADventures Data Dive Markets Markets Home U.S. Markets European Markets Asian Markets Global Market Data Indices Stocks Bonds Currencies Commodities Futures Funds Earnings Dividends World World Home U.S. Special Reports Reuters Investigates Euro Zone Middle East China Japan Mexico Brazil Africa Russia India Politics Politics Home Polling Explorer Just In: Election 2016 What Voters Want Supreme Court Tech Technology Home Science Top 100 Global Innovators Media Environment Innovation Commentary Commentary Home Podcasts Breakingviews Breakingviews Home Breakingviews Video Money Money Home Retirement Lipper Awards Analyst Research Stock Screener Fund Screener Life Health Sports Arts Entertainment Oddly Enough Pictures Pictures Home The Wider Image Photographers Focus 360 Video Merck, Bristol-Myers agree to settle Keytruda patent suit Africa América Latina عربي Argentina Brasil Canada 中国 Deutschland España France India Italia 日本 México РОССИЯ United Kingdom United States Health News | Fri Jan 20, 2017 | 5:22pm EST Merck, Bristol-Myers agree to settle Keytruda patent suit Merck & Co said it agreed to enter into a settlement and license agreement with Bristol-Myers Squibb Co and Ono Pharmaceutical Co Ltd to resolve all global patent-infringement litigation related to its cancer drug, Keytruda. Merck will make an initial payment of $625 million to Bristol and Japan's Ono. The company will also pay a 6.5 percent royalty rate on Keytruda sales from January 2017 to December 2023, and a 2.5 percent rate for the subsequent three years. Bristol will get 75 percent of the royalties and Ono will get the rest. Bristol and Ono, which co-developed the first PD-1 antibody called Opdivo, filed the suit against Merck in September 2014, alleging that its sale of Keytruda, also a PD-1 antibody, infringed their patents in markets including the United States, parts of Europe, Australia and Japan. Merck said the $625 million payment will be recorded in the company’s fourth-quarter and full-year 2016 results. The settlement comes a day after Bristol-Myers said it wouldn't seek faster approval for a combination of its two immunotherapy drugs as an initial treatment for lung cancer, further solidifying Merck's leading position in the burgeoning immuno-oncolgy field. Bristol's shares closed down 11 percent on Friday, but rose marginally in extended trading after the settlement agreement. Merck's shares, which closed up 3.6 percent, were unchanged after the bell. (Reporting by Gayathree Ganesan in Bengaluru; Editing by Maju Samuel) Next In Health News Pence fires up anti-abortion activists in Washington march WASHINGTON U.S. Vice President Mike Pence fired up tens of thousands of anti-abortion activists who gathered on Friday for the 44th March for Life, celebrating a political shift in their favor with the election of President Donald Trump. FDA warns against use of homeopathic teething products The U.S. Food and Drug Administration on Friday warned consumers against using certain homeopathic teething products, saying it has found high amounts of a toxic substance in some of them and they pose a potential risk to infants and children. EU food safety body to look again at palm oil health risks MILAN The European Food Safety Authority will re-examine its warning on health risks stemming from palm and other vegetable oils, a spokeswoman at the European body said in light of a recent study expressing less concern than EFSA. MORE FROM REUTERS Sponsored Content From Around the Web Promoted by Taboola Trending Stories Pictures Photos of the week Sponsored Topics X Follow Reuters: Follow Us On Twitter Follow Us On Facebook Follow Us On RSS Follow Us On Instagram Follow Us On YouTube Follow Us On LinkedIn Subscribe: Feeds | Newsletters | Podcasts | Apps Reuters News Agency | Brand Attribution Guidelines Reuters is the news and media division of Thomson Reuters. Thomson Reuters is the world's largest international multimedia news agency, providing investing news, world news, business news, technology news, headline news, small business news, news alerts, personal finance, stock market, and mutual funds information available on Reuters.com, video, mobile, and interactive television platforms. Learn more about Thomson Reuters products: Eikon Information, analytics and exclusive news on financial markets - delivered in an intuitive desktop and mobile interface Elektron Everything you need to empower your workflow and enhance your enterprise data management World-Check Screen for heightened risk individual and entities globally to help uncover hidden risks in business relationships and human networks Westlaw Build the strongest argument relying on authoritative content, attorney-editor expertise, and industry defining technology ONESOURCE The most comprehensive solution to manage all your complex and ever-expanding tax and compliance needs CHECKPOINT The industry leader for online information for tax, accounting and finance professionals All quotes delayed a minimum of 15 minutes. See here for a complete list of exchanges and delays. Site Feedback Corrections Advertising Guidelines Cookies Terms of Use Privacy Policy
null
About Future Staff Contact Privacy Policy Search for: Select Press Releases Home / Press Releases / Feed Additives Market Forecast by Top Key Players; Industry Analysis by Geographical Region, Trending Types and Application- Report from 2017-2022 Feed Additives Market Forecast by Top Key Players; Industry Analysis by Geographical Region, Trending Types and Application- Report from 2017-2022 Posted on January 21, 2017 by ReleaseWire - Latest Press Releases in Press Releases Conceptual image of a businessman holding big hammer Feed Additives Market research report is a professional and in-depth study on the current state of the Feed Additives industry. Pune, Maharashtra — (SBWIRE) — 01/20/2017 — This research report gives an overview of global Feed Additives industries by analysing various key segments of this market based on the product types, application, end-to-end industries and industry scenario. The regional distribution of this industry in across the globe includes definitions, classifications, applications and chain structures, the result of which is utilized to estimate the performance of the global Feed Additives market over the period from 2017 to forecasted year. Browse Detailed TOC, Tables, Figures, Charts and Companies Mentioned in Feed Additives Market Research Report @ http://www.360marketupdates.com/10432149 Next part of the Feed Additives Market analysis report speaks about the manufacturing process. The process is analysed thoroughly with respect to three points, viz. raw material and suppliers, various manufacturing associated costs (material cost, labour cost, etc.) and the actual process. Enlisted manufacturers in Feed Additives Market report: – Zoetis – BASF – Bayer Healthcare – Cargill – Evonik Industries – Merck – Elanco – Ceva Animal Health – Merial – Virbac – Boehringer Ingelheim – Aliphos – Champri Get Sample PDF of Feed Additives Market Research Report @ http://www.360marketupdates.com/enquiry/request-sample/10432149 After the basic information, the Feed Additives market report analyses international market including development history, competitive landscape analysis and major regional development status. Also Production plants, their capacities, production and revenue in accordance with product type and applications are studied. Import and Export Data by Countries: – North America – Europe – China – Japan – Southeast Asia – India Development policies and plans are also discussed as well as manufacturing processes and cost structures. Feed Additives Market report also states import/export, supply and figures as well as cost, price, revenue and gross margin by regions (United States, EU, China and Japan), and other regions can be added. For each player, product details, capacity, price, cost, gross and revenue numbers are given. Their contact information is provided for better understanding. Purchase Feed Additives Market Report@ https://www.360marketupdates.com/purchase/10432149 Key Topics Covered: – Market Competition by Manufacturers – Production and Revenue by Regions, Import-Export and Price Trend – Manufacturing Cost Analysis – Marketing Strategy Analysis, Distributors/Traders – Market Effect Factors Analysis – Technology Progress – Economic/Political Environmental Change – Research Findings and Conclusion Split by product type, with production, revenue, price, and market share and growth rate of each type, can be divided into: – Type I – Type II Split by application, this report focuses on consumption, market share and growth rate of Feed Additives market in each application, can be divided into: – Application 1 – Application 2 Finally, the feasibility of new investment projects is assessed, and overall research conclusions are offered. In a word, the Feed Additives industry analysis report provides major statistics on the state of the industry and is a valuable source of guidance and direction for companies and individuals interested in the market. In Feed Additives Market research report traders and distributors analysis is given along with contact details. For material and suppliers also, contact details are given. New investment feasibility analysis is too included in the report. No. of Report pages: 126 Price of Report: $ 2900 For Pre-Order Enquiry on Feed Additives Market, Ask@ http://www.360marketupdates.com/enquiry/pre-order-enquiry/10432149 About 360 market Updates: 360 market Updates is the credible source for gaining the market research reports that will exponentially accelerate your business. We are among the leading report resellers in the business world committed towards optimizing your business. The reports we provide are based on a research that covers a magnitude of factors such as technological evolution, economic shifts and a detailed study of market segments. Contact– Mr. Ameya Pingaley 360 market Updates +1 408 520 9750 Email – sales@360marketupdates.com For more information on this press release visit: http://www.sbwire.com/press-releases/feed-additives-market-forecast-by-top-key-players-industry-analysis-by-geographical-region-trending-types-and-application-report-from-2017-2022-762694.htm Media Relations Contact Mr. Ameya Pingaley Telephone: 1 408 520 9750 Email: Click to Email Mr. Ameya Pingaley Web: http://www.360marketupdates.com/10432149 Latest News ADS Controls Acquired by Dixon Valve & Coupling Company Software Company Anahata Announces IRC Location for Open-Source Support New Wax-Only Franchise Opens in Alpharetta, GA Greenberg Traurig’s Shareholder Danielle N. Garno Appointed to the Children’s Home Society of Florida Statewide Board SHAREHOLDER ALERT: Pomerantz Law Firm Reminds Shareholders with Losses on their Investment in General Cable Corporation of Class Action Lawsuit and Upcoming Deadline – BGC SHAREHOLDER ALERT: Pomerantz Law Firm Reminds Shareholders with Losses on their Investment in PayPal Holdings, Inc., eBay, Inc. of Class Action Lawsuit and Upcoming Deadline – PYPL, EBAY SHAREHOLDER ALERT: Pomerantz Law Firm Reminds Shareholders with Losses on their Investment in Rent-A-Center, Inc. of Class Action Lawsuit and Upcoming Deadline – RCII SHAREHOLDER ALERT: Pomerantz Law Firm Reminds Shareholders with Losses on their Investment in Universal Health Services, Inc. of Class Action Lawsuit and Upcoming Deadline – UHS SHAREHOLDER ALERT: Pomerantz Law Firm Reminds Shareholders with Losses on their Investment in Illumina, Inc. of Class Action Lawsuit and Upcoming Deadline – ILMN Green Solar Technologies Announces Partnership with Generac Power Systems © 2015 SSUChronicle. All rights reserved. Top Optimization WordPress Plugins & Solutions by W3 EDGE
About Future Staff Contact Privacy Policy Search for: Select Press Releases Home / Press Releases / Global Pulmonary Drug Delivery Systems Market: Developing Economies to Propel Global Market During 2013-2019 Global Pulmonary Drug Delivery Systems Market: Developing Economies to Propel Global Market During 2013-2019 Posted on January 21, 2017 by ReleaseWire - Latest Press Releases in Press Releases Conceptual image of a businessman holding big hammer Transparency Market Research Report Added “Pulmonary Drug Delivery Systems Market – Global Industry Analysis, Size, Share, Growth, Trends and Forecast upto 2019” Albany, NY — (SBWIRE) — 01/20/2017 — Pulmonary drug delivery is a mode of drug administration in which the drug directly reaches the lungs and gives a local as well as systemic effect. Quick onset of action, targeted drug delivery, larger surface area of lungs, less side effects and minimal dosage are some major advantages that are associated with pulmonary drug delivery systems. Today, the most commonly used pulmonary drug delivery devices are the pressurized metered dose inhalers (MDIs), dry powder inhalers (DPIs) and nebulizers. These devices are used to treat asthma, chronic obstructive pulmonary disease COPD and cystic fibrosis. Request a PDF Brochure with Report Analysis: http://www.transparencymarketresearch.com/sample/sample.php?flag=S&rep_id=873 The report on global pulmonary drug delivery systems studies the current scenario as well as the future market potential for various pulmonary drug delivery systems, globally. The global market for pulmonary drug delivery systems has been segmented into three major product types, namely, metered dose inhalers (MDIs), dry powder inhalers (DPIs) and nebulizers. The market for these pulmonary drug delivery systems has been extensively analyzed on the basis of factors such as therapeutic application, geographic presence and technological developments over the time. The report also provides the market size and forecast in terms of revenue (USD million) for each of these pulmonary drug delivery systems (metered dose inhalers, dry powder inhalers and nebulizers) for the period 2011 to 2019, considering 2012 as the base year. The compounded annual growth rate (CAGR) for each pulmonary drug delivery system types has also been provided for the forecast period from 2013 to 2019. On the basis of therapeutic application, the market has been segmented into asthma, chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD) and cystic fibrosis. The market size and forecast in terms of revenue (USD million) for each of these therapeutic applications have been provided for the period 2011 to 2019, considering 2012 as the base year. The report also provides the compounded annual growth rate (CAGR) for each segment of the market for the forecast period 2013 to 2019. In the segment chapter by therapeutic application, information related with the continued technical advances in the product design of pulmonary drug delivery systems and their use in other diseases has also been provided. Geographically, the market for pulmonary drug delivery systems has been segmented into four regions, namely, North America, Europe, Asia-Pacific and Rest of the World (RoW). The market size and forecast for each region (North America, Europe, Asia-Pacific and Rest of the World) have been provided for the period 2011 to 2019 along with the CAGR (%) for the forecast period 2013 to 2019. The study also includes qualitative analysis of the competitive scenario in these regions, such as the presence of major companies providing pulmonary drug delivery systems. The market overview section of the report comprises qualitative analysis of the overall market considering the factors determining the market dynamics such as drivers, restraints and opportunities, along with Porter's five force analysis and market attractiveness analysis. The report also provides a section on the competitive landscape of the market, wherein the market share analysis of leading players in the global pulmonary drug delivery systems market, in terms of percentage share in 2012 has been discussed. A list of recommendations has also been included for new entrants as well as existing market players to help them establish a strong presence in the market and accentuate market shares. The report concludes with the profiles of major players in the global pulmonary drug delivery systems market such as AstraZeneca plc, CareFusion Corporation, GlaxoSmithKline plc, Boehringer Ingelheim, Merck & Co., 3M Health Care, Novartis AG, Omron Healthcare, Inc., PARI Respiratory Equipment, Inc., Sunovion Pharmaceuticals Inc., Philips Respironics, Inc., Allied Healthcare Products, Inc., and GF Health Products Inc. About Transparency Market Research Transparency Market Research (TMR) is a global market intelligence company providing business information reports and services. The company's exclusive blend of quantitative forecasting and trend analysis provides forward-looking insight for thousands of decision makers. TMR's experienced team of analysts, researchers, and consultants use proprietary data sources and various tools and techniques to gather and analyze information. Our business offerings represent the latest and the most reliable information indispensable for businesses to sustain a competitive edge. Contact Us Transparency Market Research State Tower, 90 State Street, Suite 700 Albany, NY 12207 United States Tel: +1-518-618-1030 USA – Canada Toll Free: 866-552-3453 Email: sales@transparencymarketresearch.com Website: http://www.transparencymarketresearch.com For more information on this press release visit: http://www.sbwire.com/press-releases/pulmonary-drug-delivery-system/release-762632.htm Media Relations Contact Rohit Bhisey Head Telephone: 518-618-1030 Email: Click to Email Rohit Bhisey Web: http://www.transparencymarketresearch.com/sample/sample.php?flag=S&rep_id=13883 Latest News ADS Controls Acquired by Dixon Valve & Coupling Company Software Company Anahata Announces IRC Location for Open-Source Support New Wax-Only Franchise Opens in Alpharetta, GA Greenberg Traurig’s Shareholder Danielle N. Garno Appointed to the Children’s Home Society of Florida Statewide Board SHAREHOLDER ALERT: Pomerantz Law Firm Reminds Shareholders with Losses on their Investment in General Cable Corporation of Class Action Lawsuit and Upcoming Deadline – BGC SHAREHOLDER ALERT: Pomerantz Law Firm Reminds Shareholders with Losses on their Investment in PayPal Holdings, Inc., eBay, Inc. of Class Action Lawsuit and Upcoming Deadline – PYPL, EBAY SHAREHOLDER ALERT: Pomerantz Law Firm Reminds Shareholders with Losses on their Investment in Rent-A-Center, Inc. of Class Action Lawsuit and Upcoming Deadline – RCII SHAREHOLDER ALERT: Pomerantz Law Firm Reminds Shareholders with Losses on their Investment in Universal Health Services, Inc. of Class Action Lawsuit and Upcoming Deadline – UHS SHAREHOLDER ALERT: Pomerantz Law Firm Reminds Shareholders with Losses on their Investment in Illumina, Inc. of Class Action Lawsuit and Upcoming Deadline – ILMN Green Solar Technologies Announces Partnership with Generac Power Systems © 2015 SSUChronicle. All rights reserved. Top Optimization WordPress Plugins & Solutions by W3 EDGE
BUSINESS Stock market steadies as Trump gets down to business Stocks Richard Drew / Associated Press Stocks rose in choppy trading on the first day of Donald Trump's presidency. Stocks rose in choppy trading on the first day of Donald Trump's presidency. (Richard Drew / Associated Press) James F. PeltzContact Reporter When Donald Trump took the presidential oath Friday, the stock market was trading modestly higher with the Dow Jones industrial average up 97 points. Prices then moved in choppy fashion as traders kept glancing at televised views of Trump’s inauguration in Washington. “It certainly was an all-eyes-on event,” said Art Hogan, chief market strategist at Wunderlich Securities. By the closing bell, the Dow had gained 94.85 points to 19,827.25, and that was enough to snap the Dow’s string of five consecutive losing sessions as Wall Street headed into the weekend holding its collective breath over what President Trump will do next. “Every decision on trade, on taxes, on immigration, on foreign affairs will be made to benefit American workers and American families,” Trump said in his inaugural speech, which also included his oft-repeated pledge that his policies would be governed by “buy American and hire American.” Stocks soared to record highs in the six weeks after Trump’s election Nov. 8, with the Dow trading less than one point from the 20,000-point milestone on Jan. 6. But the “Trump rally” then ran out of steam as initial elation over his blueprint for business-friendly policies began fading, and investors took profits on their post-election gains. “The euphoria got ahead of itself,” said Jerry Braakman, chief investment officer of First American Trust. Even so, stocks remain near record levels. And now that Trump is in the White House, the stock market is at a crossroads as investors mainly focus on three things: early concrete steps Trump takes on taxes, trade, fiscal stimulus and other economic matters; the trend of inflation and interest rates; and the level of quarterly profits being reported by corporate America. “Earnings are the key to the 2017 stock market outlook,” Burt White, chief investment officer of LPL Financial, said in a recent note to clients. Analysts’ earnings estimates bode well for stocks to further extend last year’s solid gains as well as the overall bull market in share prices that’s now lasted for several years. “We expect earnings growth in the mid- to high-single digits in 2017, well above the flat earnings of 2016,” White forecast. The Dow Jones industrials surged 13.4% last year in large part because the famed average of 30 blue-chip stocks jumped 7.8% between Trump’s election and New Year’s Day. The Dow’s record high close of 19,974.62 was set Dec. 20. The broader Standard & Poor’s 500 index gained 9.5% last year and set a record high of 2,276.98 on Jan. 6. The tech-heavy Nasdaq composite index rose 7.5% last year and reached an all-time record 5,574.12 on Jan. 13. Leading the Dow industrials Friday were drugmaker Merck & Co. and consumer products giant Procter & Gamble Co., both of which gained more than 3%. International Business Machines Corp. rose 2.2%. The S&P 500 gained 7.62 to 2,271.31 on Friday, while the Nasdaq composite rose 15.25 to 5,555.33. Trump’s call during his campaign for corporate and individual tax cuts, less regulation, more infrastructure building and a tougher U.S. stance on trade were key reasons why the market rallied after the election. His call for the repatriation of billions of dollars of profits that U.S.-based firms hold overseas also was seen as a bullish prospect for stocks. Sectors enjoying big gains after Trump’s election included banks and other financial services firms thought to benefit from less regulation, along with industrial and materials companies that could benefit from more federal infrastructure spending. But it still unclear how — and how soon — those efforts will play out. “We’re all keeping an eye on the first 100 days” of Trump’s presidency, Hogan said. Even if Trump takes action relatively soon, it could take time for those moves to find their way to corporate coffers, analysts said. “The potential economic impact of reduced regulations, higher infrastructure spending and tax reform seems unlikely to be felt until 2018,” Terry Sandven, chief equity strategist at U.S. Bank Wealth Management, said in a research report this week. In the meantime, Trump has shown he can still quickly move markets. His complaints on Twitter about certain automakers, defense firms and others have sent their stocks briefly lower. After he called the U.S. dollar “too strong” last week, the dollar fell against other major currencies. The bond market is speculating that the fiscal stimulus, and a stronger economy, could mean more inflation and higher interest rates. That’s a key reason why the yield on the 10-year Treasury note has jumped to 2.46% as of Friday from 1.85% when Trump was elected. The Federal Reserve Board lifted its benchmark short-term interest rate a quarter point last month, to a range between 0.50% and 0.75%, and the central bank is expected to lift rates further this year if the economy appears robust enough. But even as investors grapple with questions about Trump’s actions and the fallout, they still might be in the mood to bid stock prices higher based on how the companies currently are performing, Braakman said. “Good companies with good earnings are still going to do well,” he said. “The politicians don’t control everything.” West Texas intermediate, used as a benchmark to price U.S. crude, gained $1.05, or 2%, to $52.42 a barrel. Brent crude, the international benchmark, rose $1.33, or 2.5%, to $55.49 a barrel. Wholesale gasoline increased 3 cents to $1.57 a gallon, heating oil gained 3 cents to $1.65 a gallon and natural gas slipped 16 cents to $3.20 per 1,000 cubic feet. The dollar fell to 114.31 yen from 114.80 yen on Thursday. The euro increased to $1.0707 from $1.0659. The British pound rose to $1.2378 from $1.2337. Gold declined $3.40 to $1,204.90 an ounce, silver slid 3 cents to $17.03 an ounce, and copper dropped a penny to $2.63 a pound.  Caption 90 seconds: 4 stories you can't miss So-called sanctuary cities were once places of refuge. A surge in media mergers is expected under Trump’s pro-business agenda. Chinese New Year begins tomorrow. Grocery store tomatoes are often tasteless but researchers at the University of Florida have discovered a game-changer. So-called sanctuary cities were once places of refuge. A surge in media mergers is expected under Trump’s pro-business agenda. Chinese New Year begins tomorrow. Grocery store tomatoes are often tasteless but researchers at the University of Florida have discovered a game-changer. Caption 90 seconds: 4 stories you can't miss So-called sanctuary cities were once places of refuge. A surge in media mergers is expected under Trump’s pro-business agenda. Chinese New Year begins tomorrow. Grocery store tomatoes are often tasteless but researchers at the University of Florida have discovered a game-changer. So-called sanctuary cities were once places of refuge. A surge in media mergers is expected under Trump’s pro-business agenda. Chinese New Year begins tomorrow. Grocery store tomatoes are often tasteless but researchers at the University of Florida have discovered a game-changer. Caption Neighborhood improvements can limit sex-trafficking, study says A Cal State Northridge study identified up to 40 locations used for illegal sex that could be safeguarded by the addition of street lamps or the trimming of trees. A Cal State Northridge study identified up to 40 locations used for illegal sex that could be safeguarded by the addition of street lamps or the trimming of trees. Caption Curves, craftsmanship and class | 2017 Grand National Roadster Show in Pomona Thirteen custom cars will compete for the “America's Most Beautiful Roadster” award, vying for a 9-foot-tall trophy and $10,000 in prize money. (Gina Ferazzi / Los Angeles Times) Thirteen custom cars will compete for the “America's Most Beautiful Roadster” award, vying for a 9-foot-tall trophy and $10,000 in prize money. (Gina Ferazzi / Los Angeles Times) Caption Mayor Eric Garcetti speaks about the City Council's vote on Los Angeles' bid for the 2024 Olympic and Paralympic Games. Mayor Eric Garcetti speaks about the City Council's vote on Los Angeles' bid for the 2024 Olympic and Paralympic Games. (Video by Jeff Amlotte / Los Angeles Times) Mayor Eric Garcetti speaks about the City Council's vote on Los Angeles' bid for the 2024 Olympic and Paralympic Games. (Video by Jeff Amlotte / Los Angeles Times) Caption 90 seconds: 4 stories you can't miss Mary Tyler Moore was a beloved TV icon who symbolized the independent career woman. Does widespread voter fraud really happen? President Trump has signed two executive orders on immigration. The Dow Jones industrial average closed above 20,000 for the first time Wednesday. Mary Tyler Moore was a beloved TV icon who symbolized the independent career woman. Does widespread voter fraud really happen? President Trump has signed two executive orders on immigration. The Dow Jones industrial average closed above 20,000 for the first time Wednesday. james.peltz@latimes.com Twitter: @PeltzLATimes Privacy Policy Copyright © 2017, Los Angeles Times Donald Trump NASDAQ S&P Dow Jones Indices Trump signs order to temporarily shut nation's door to most refugees and start 'extreme vetting' Double killing at Chinese social club rattles Chinatown Epic rains and snow help the 'inland sea' of Sacramento roar back to life Local Sundance 2017 Sports Politics Opinion Most Popular Place An Ad 58°
Bloomberg the Company & Its ProductsBloomberg Anywhere Remote LoginBloomberg Anywhere LoginBloomberg Terminal Demo Request Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Philanthropy & Engagement Bloomberg London Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Bloomberg Tradebook Bloomberg Briefs Bloomberg Indices Bloomberg SEF Bloomberg Institute Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center Enterprise Products Enterprise Solutions Trading Solutions Bloomberg Vault Bloomberg PolarLake Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps News Bureaus Media Services Bloomberg Live Conferences Bloomberg Media Distribution Advertising Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Philanthropy & Engagement Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Bloomberg London Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps News Bureaus Media Services Advertising Bloomberg Media Distribution Bloomberg Live Conferences Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Bloomberg Tradebook Bloomberg Briefs Bloomberg Indices Bloomberg SEF Bloomberg Institute Enterprise Products Enterprise Solutions Trading Solutions Bloomberg Vault Bloomberg PolarLake Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center MENU Homepage Markets Stocks Currencies Commodities Rates + Bonds Economics Magazine Benchmark Watchlist Economic Calendar Tech U.S. Global Startups Cybersecurity Digital Media Bloomberg Technology TV Hello World Studio 1.0 Pursuits Cars & Bikes Style & Grooming Spend Watches & Gadgets Food & Drinks Travel Real Estate Art & Design Politics With All Due Respect Global Risk Briefing How We’ll Know if Trump Is Making America Great Again Tracking Trump’s Web of Conflicts The Inauguration of Donald J. Trump On the March in Trump’s Capital Opinion View Gadfly Businessweek Subscribe Cover Stories Opening Remarks Etc Features 85th Anniversary Issue Behind The Cover More Science + Energy Graphics Game Plan Small Business Personal Finance Inspire GO The David Rubenstein Show Sponsored Content Bloomberg About The Company Sign In Sign In Subscribe U.S. Stocks Gain After Inauguration; Consumer Shares Increase by Joseph Ciolli @JoeCiolli More stories by Joseph Ciolli January 20, 2017, 10:21 AM EST January 20, 2017, 4:09 PM EST U.S. stocks rose as an increase in crude oil spurred gains in energy companies. The benchmark index pared earlier gains as President Donald Trump delivered his inauguration address. Consumer staples shares climbed as Procter & Gamble Co. reported quarterly earnings that topped estimates. The S&P 500 Index added 0.3 percent to 2,271.29 at 4 p.m. in New York as the Dow Jones Industrial Average increased 95 points to 19,826.97, led by a 3.7 percent gain in shares of Merck & Co. Both gauges rose after declining more than 0.3 percent on Thursday. Eight of 11 industry groups higher Telecom shares rise 0.9 percent, led by AT&T Inc., which signed up new pay-TV customers for the first time in seven quarters thanks entirely to its new live online video service VIX declined 9.2 percent, its first loss in four days Analysts estimate profit at S&P 500 companies rose 4.3 percent in the fourth quarter of 2016, and see profit jumping 12 percent this year The Bloomberg Dollar Spot Index decreased 0.4 percent. The gauge declined for a fourth straight week General Electric Co. fell as much as 2.9 percent, biggest intraday decline since Sept. 9, after missing fourth-quarter sales estimates Before it's here, it's on the Bloomberg Terminal. LEARN MORE Trending Now Trump Warms to House Republicans’ Proposed Border-Adjusted Tax Trump Greets U.K.'s May as World Leaders Look For Cues China’s Army of Global Homebuyers Is Suddenly Short on Cash Dutch Regulator Accidentally Posts Soros’s Short Positions Scaramucci Scores Millions From Buyer With Mystery Investors Terms of Service Trademarks Privacy Policy ©2017 Bloomberg L.P. All Rights Reserved Careers Made in NYC Advertise Ad Choices Website Feedback Help
