Welcome to FIS   Sponsored By United States Subscribe to FIS | Register with FIS | Advertise with FIS | Newsletter | About FIS | Contact us Loading HOME World News Companies & Products Companies Directory Trading Market Shows & Fairs People With Opinion Market Monitor Market Prices Market Reports Aquaculture user pass Forgot your pass? Marie Christine Monfort The 8th of March: what about the seafood industry? After over a Centu... - June 2017 May 2017 April 2017 March 2017 February 2017 January 2017 December 2016 November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 April 2016 March 2016 February 2016 January 2016 December 2015 November 2015 October 2015 September 2015 August 2015 July 2015 June 2015 May 2015 - 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 20 21 22 23 24 25 26 27 28 29 30 31     All Afghanistan Albania Algeria American Samoa Andorra Angola Antarctica Argentina Australia Austria Azerbaijan Bahamas Bahrain Bangladesh Belgium Belize Bolivia Brazil Brunei Darussalam Bulgaria Cambodia Canada Cape Verde Chile China Colombia Costa Rica Croatia Cuba Czech Republic Denmark Dominican Republic Ecuador Erithrea Estonia European Union Falkland Islands Faroe Islands Fiji Finland France Gabon Georgia Germany Ghana Greece Greenland Guatemala Guinea-Bissau Guyana Honduras Hong Kong Iceland India Indonesia Iran Iraq Israel Italy Ivory Coast Japan Kazakhstan Kenya Kiribati Latvia Lithuania Madagascar Malaysia Maldives Malta Marshall Islands Mauritania Mauritius Mexico Morocco Mozambique Myanmar Namibia Netherlands New Zealand Nicaragua Nigeria North Korea Norway Oman Pakistan Palau Palestinian Territories Panama Papua New Guinea Peru Philippines Poland Portugal Pridnestrovie Puerto Rico Republic of Ireland Romania Russian Federation S. Georgia & S. Sandwich Sao Tome and Principe Saudi Arabia Senegal Seychelles Sierra Leone Singapore Slovakia Slovenia Solomon Islands Somalia South Africa South Korea Spain Sri Lanka St. Helena and Ascension St. Vincent and Gren. Suriname Sweden Switzerland Taiwan Tajikistan Tanzania Thailand Tonga Tunisia Turkey Uganda Ukraine United Arab Emirates United Kingdom United Nations United States Uruguay Venezuela Viet Nam Worldwide Worldwide Yemen Zambia Professor Kenny Black. (Photo: SAMS) Merck and Scottish Govt involved in collusion suspicions UNITED KINGDOM Wednesday, June 07, 2017, 02:00 (GMT + 9) Multinational Merck is suspected to have hired reviewers to criticise evidence in a scientific study that the company’s salmon farm chemical was causing widespread environmental damage, as it was reported by The Sunday Herald. The newspaper uncovered that the Scottish Government allowed the US drug company, which manufactures a pesticide containing emamectin benzoate to kill the sea lice that plague caged salmon, to secretly rubbish the scientific study blaming one of its pesticides for killing wildlife in Scottish sea lochs. The scientists behind the study and the Scottish Environment Protection Agency (Sepa) privately protested about Merck’s involvement, but government and salmon industry officials insisted that the company’s role should be kept secret, according to the Scottish newspaper. Merck’s behind-the-scenes influence has been exposed by more than 70 megabytes of internal documents released by the Crown Estate under freedom of information law. They also show that government and industry agreed not to issue a press release on the study. The revelations have been described as “extraordinary” by environmentalists, who are demanding a ban on the pesticide. According to the newspaper, central to the saga is a study carried out by the Scottish Association for Marine Science (SAMS) in Oban for the charity Scottish Aquaculture Research Forum (SARF), funded by the Scottish Government and the fish farming industry to support a “sustainable” fish farming industry. The study, which was posted online in August 2016, suggested that emamectin contamination of the seabed was causing “substantial, wide-scale reductions” in crabs, lobsters and other crustaceans. But it was contained within a second report that cast major doubts on its findings, which was said to have been the result of concerns from “independent” but unnamed referees. But internal communications name Merck as responsible for the criticisms. In a 25-page response to the criticisms in December 2015 Professor Kenny Black and Dr Tom Wilding from SAMS said that four of the five reviewers were “from Merck”. Furthermore, in emails to SARF they expressed concern that refusing to admit the company’s role “might reflect negatively” on the review “if/when this information becomes public.” On the other hand, Merck’s UK arm, MSD Animal Health, stressed the value of emamectin in controlling sea lice, and its support for high quality research. Meanwhile, the Scottish Government highlighted its commitment to “sustainable growth” of the fish farming industry. And a spokesperson ensured that "it is usual for the scientific work reviewers to be anonymous and to hire several reviewers for the process to be robust. The Scottish salmon industry argued that in its opinion the SAMS study was inconclusive.  [email protected] www.fis.com  Print MORE NEWS Peru Jun 8, 22:10 (GMT + 9): Peru to share vessel tracking data through Global Fishing Watch Iceland Jun 8, 22:00 (GMT + 9): HB Grandi sells trawler to Iranian fishing firm Norway Jun 8, 21:30 (GMT + 9): Salmon price status at week 22 United Kingdom Jun 8, 21:00 (GMT + 9): IN BRIEF - MSC welcomes research calling for global solutions to overfishing Zambia Jun 8, 03:00 (GMT + 9): IN BRIEF - Is Zambia finally catching up with its neighbors in Aquaculture? Australia Jun 8, 03:00 (GMT + 9): IN BRIEF - Fish death blamed on water quality United States Jun 8, 03:00 (GMT + 9): IN BRIEF - Bill Easing Fish Farm Regulations Could Be Signed Into Law In June 2017 United States Jun 8, 03:00 (GMT + 9): IN BRIEF - Rare Fish Caught Twice in 20 Years United States Jun 8, 03:00 (GMT + 9): IN BRIEF - Motor-boat noise makes fish bad parents, leading to the death of their babies United States Jun 8, 03:00 (GMT + 9): IN BRIEF - Oil spill spared fish India Jun 8, 03:00 (GMT + 9): IN BRIEF - Native fish species becoming extinct United States Jun 8, 03:00 (GMT + 9): New scientific organisation seeks to boost fishery management globally United Kingdom Jun 8, 02:20 (GMT + 9): New study to determine why Atlantic wild salmon is declining Chile Jun 8, 01:50 (GMT + 9): Octopus biological ban starts in Chilean northern area United Kingdom Jun 8, 01:20 (GMT + 9): New fisheries data management system being tested on Isle of Man Lenguaje FEATURED EVENTS    TOP STORIES FDA investigates frozen tuna linked hepatitis A cases United States The FDA and the Centres for Disease Control and Prevention are assisting state and local officials in assessing the risk of hepatitis A virus exposure from contaminated frozen tuna sourced from firm from Vietnam and from another one from the Philippines. Fishing subsidies harm artisanal fishermen worldwide Canada A team of researchers of the University of British Columbia determined that large-scale fisheries receive about four times more subsidies than their small-scale counterparts, with up to 60 per cent of those subsidies promoting overfishing. Ocean Conference focuses on plastic pollution issues United States Participants attending the high level Ocean Conference in New York will be discouraged from bringing single-use plastic water bottles and cups into the United Nations headquarters. New scientific organisation seeks to boost fishery management globally United States A newly formed scientific advisory group plans to take the lessons learned from successful fisheries management globally and apply them to developing fisheries in the rest of the world.   Copyright 1995 - 2017 Fish Info & Services Co.Ltd| All Rights Reserved.   DISCLAIMER  
Market Trend Market Trend The Big Picture Stock Market Today IBD's ETF Market Strategy Psychological Market Indicators Stock Lists Stock Lists My Stock Lists IBD Big Cap 20 IPO Leaders Stocks Near A Buy Zone IBD 50 New Highs Global Leaders Your Weekly Review Sector Leaders Relative Strength at New High Rising Profit Estimates Tech Leaders Stock Spotlight CAN SLIM Select Stocks that Funds are Buying IBD Data Tables Stocks On The Move Research Stock Research IBD Stock Checkup IBD Charts ETFs & Funds Investing Action Plan The Income Investor ETF Center Earnings Preview Industry Snapshot IBD Industry Themes Earnings Calendar Short Selling Futures & Options IBD Stock Analysis Swing Trading Bonds The New America IBD Data Stories Premium Investing Tools Leaderboard Swing Trader eTables Top Rated Stocks Under $10 MarketSmith News NEWS eIBD Best ETFs Technology ETF Leaders Click Tech Blog Best Mutual Funds FANG Stocks News Economy Retirement Economic Calendar Personal Finance Real Estate Financial Advisor Briefing Special Reports Management Industry News Pages Politics Politics Editorials Trump News & Tweets Commentary The Trump Economy Columnists Economic Optimism Index Policy & Analysis IBD/TIPP Poll IBD Videos Investing Videos Home Study Programs How to Invest Lesson Topics Getting Started with IBD The CAN SLIM Investing System How to Time the Stock Market How to Find and Evaluate Stocks How to Read Stock Charts How to Buy Stocks How to Sell Stocks Swing Trading Educational Resources New to IBD IBD Meetups Ask IBD Investor's Corner IBD Key Terms IBD Live Workshops IBD Home Study Courses Webinars Leaderboard Swing Trader MarketSmith Store BREAKING: Stocks Pare Gains After Nasdaq Hits Record High  |  Nordstrom Mulls 'Going Private'  |  Alibaba Spikes On Hot Growth Forecast News Shopping Cart Your cart is currently empty. Visit the IBD Store to get started. Market Trend Market Trend The Big Picture Stock Market Today IBD's ETF Market Strategy Psychological Market Indicators Stock Lists Stock Lists My Stock Lists IBD Big Cap 20 IPO Leaders Stocks Near A Buy Zone IBD 50 New Highs Global Leaders Your Weekly Review Sector Leaders Relative Strength at New High Rising Profit Estimates Tech Leaders Stock Spotlight CAN SLIM Select Stocks that Funds are Buying IBD Data Tables Stocks On The Move Research Stock Research IBD Stock Checkup IBD Charts ETFs & Funds Investing Action Plan The Income Investor ETF Center Earnings Preview Industry Snapshot IBD Industry Themes Earnings Calendar Short Selling Futures & Options IBD Stock Analysis Swing Trading Bonds The New America IBD Data Stories Premium Investing Tools Leaderboard Swing Trader eTables Top Rated Stocks Under $10 MarketSmith News NEWS eIBD Best ETFs Technology ETF Leaders Click Tech Blog Best Mutual Funds FANG Stocks News Economy Retirement Economic Calendar Personal Finance Real Estate Financial Advisor Briefing Special Reports Management Industry News Pages Politics Politics Editorials Trump News & Tweets Commentary The Trump Economy Columnists Economic Optimism Index Policy & Analysis IBD/TIPP Poll IBD Videos Investing Videos Home Study Programs How to Invest Lesson Topics Getting Started with IBD The CAN SLIM Investing System How to Time the Stock Market How to Find and Evaluate Stocks How to Read Stock Charts How to Buy Stocks How to Sell Stocks Swing Trading Educational Resources New to IBD IBD Meetups Ask IBD Investor's Corner IBD Key Terms IBD Live Workshops IBD Home Study Courses Webinars Leaderboard Swing Trader MarketSmith Store Hi MY IBD SIGN OUT My Products My Favorites My Stock Lists Edit Sign In Shopping Cart Hi SIGN OUT My Products My Favorites Edit My Stock Lists Technology Dow's Merck Making Massive Strides With Keytruda, Analyst Says Merck may be undervalued, due to the market's underestimation of the company's Keytruda cancer drug. (Kris Tripplaar/Sipa USA/Newscom) ALLISON GATLIN 6/06/2017 Reprints Wall Street is undervaluing the foundation Dow component Merck (MRK) is making with its cancer-fighting drug Keytruda, an analyst said as the annual American Society of Clinical Oncology meeting concluded Tuesday. A veritable star in the growing immuno-oncology market, Keytruda is now approved in the U.S. as a treatment for six cancers, according to its website. And Merck has about 40 ongoing studies that could help expand its approvals, Credit Suisse analyst Vamil Divan said in a note to clients. The drug "can continue to drive the story in a company where we acknowledge the base business is facing pressure and where the non-oncology pipeline is not as robust as we would prefer," he wrote. For all its hype, Keytruda isn't Merck's biggest drug — Januvia/Janumet is. But sales of the diabetes drug fell 5% year over year in the first quarter whereas Keytruda revenue grew 134%, leading growth for the company. Keytruda recently grabbed Food and Drug Administration approval for use in conjunction with Eli Lilly's (LLY) Alimta as a first line of defense against advanced lung cancer. IBD'S TAKE: Incyte has been in the headlines this year despite the mixed outlook for the 2017 biotech sector. Get some insight into the company with The New America. Competitive data from the likes of rivals AstraZeneca (AZN), Roche (RHHBY) and Bristol-Myers Squibb (BMY) are unlikely to rock the boat for Merck, Divan said. "We believe people are underappreciating the impact the strong foundation Merck is building in the space," he said. Merck and its closest rival, Bristol, are also partnered separately with Incyte (INCY) to test out their drugs with Incyte's epacadostat. Keytruda and Bristol's Opdivo work to block an interaction involving the PD-1 protein that would prevent an immune system response to cancer. Incyte's epacadostat is what's known as an IDO inhibitor. It works to block an interaction involving a different protein. IDO inhibitors aren't as established as PD-1s, though they made some headlines at the conference. Bristol, too, is working on a similar drug. The "totality of epacadostat data at ASCO looks compelling," Credit Suisse analyst Alethia Young wrote in a separate note to clients. Data supported epacadostat in multiple tumors, and responses were seen regardless of genetic markers. Shares of Incyte, though, toppled 1.4% to 122.27 on the stock market today. Young blamed the company's decision to exclude some patient data from effectiveness data but include them for safety. That's because effectiveness data had an October cutoff. "We would always like to see more data, but we think the data set presented at the meeting gave us confidence that we probably shouldn't expect significant variance from the unconfirmed patients," she wrote. Young models $3.6 billion in peak adjusted sales and $6.7 billion in peak unadjusted sales for epacadostat. Meanwhile, AstraZeneca remains confident in its immuno-oncology combos in advanced lung cancer despite "dampened enthusiasm from investors" for those specific matches. AstraZeneca is pairing its PD-L1 and CTLA-4 inhibitors in trials. The company also sees its drug Lynparza getting FDA approval as a second line of defense treatment against ovarian cancer. Lynparza is what's known as a PARP inhibitor, which blocks a family of enzymes cancer cells use to proliferate. In this sector, AstraZeneca rivals Clovis Oncology (CLVS) and Tesaro (TSRO). RELATED: Here Are Winners And Losers From Year's Biggest Cancer Meeting Dow's Merck 'Clearly Won' Vs. Bristol, Roche In Cancer Trials ALLISON GATLIN | Facebook | @IBD_AGatlin Share this: Related news Biotech Stocks To Watch And Pharma Industry News 6/07/2017 Track the latest trends and leading stocks in the biotech and pharmaceutical industries. 6/07/2017 Track the latest trends and leading stocks in the biotech... Dow's Pfizer Faces Challenges As Roche, J&J, Lilly Loom Will Regeneron's Cholesterol-Buster Get Booted In Amgen Battle? Dow Jones Industrial Average And Dow Stocks: News And Analysis Tesaro Crashes Despite Beating AstraZeneca With 'Stronger' Data Here Are Winners And Losers From Year's Biggest Cancer Meeting Industry News And Stocks To Watch Dow's Merck 'Clearly Won' Vs. Bristol, Roche In Cancer Trials Dow's Merck Beats Out Rival Bristol In Melanoma Study Today's Spotlight Try Leaderboard IBD Leaderboard is outperforming the S&P 500 by 27%. Start a 2-week FREE trial. IBD Trading Summit Attend a Summit in Boston (6/10) or St. Louis (6/24) to learn about swing trading and growth stocks! Let’s Stay in Touch! Get Free Emails on: Educational Content, Invitations to Special Events, Exclusive Offers and More! More News 3 Big Events, 2 China Plays, 1 Bitcoin Chip Stock: Investing Action Plan 'Star Wars,' 'Call of Duty,' Scorpio Vying To Be Top Guns At E3 Show Why Rising Rates are Good for High Yield Credit Promoted Content By AB (AllianceBernstein) Special Report IBD/TIPP Poll: Presidential Approval, Direction Of Country Trump's standing in the overall Presidential Leadership Index slipped in June, but his numbers remain above the low they hit in April. TRADING CENTER INVESTING RESOURCES SUBSCRIBE TO THE IBD DIGITAL EDITION Get 4 free weeks of the IBD Digital edition plus access to IBD's exclusive market analysis, proprietary stock ratings and interactive tools. WATCH, LEARN AND LISTEN WITH IBD VIDEOS Stay on top of the market with IBD's exclusive videos. You will find the latest news, market analysis, and education to help you become a more successful investor. GETTING STARTED WITH IBD Get the most out of IBD's products and features by learning the CAN SLIM Investing System and staying in sync with the market trend. IBD Stock Charts IBD Stock Checkup Stock Quotes CAN SLIM Advisors MarketSmith How to Buy Stocks How to Read Stock Charts When to Sell Stocks IBD Retail Locations Ad Choices About Us Advertising Contact Us Terms & Privacy Policy Site Map IBD Stock Charts IBD Stock Checkup Stock Quotes CAN SLIM Advisors MarketSmith How to Buy Stocks How to Read Stock Charts When to Sell Stocks IBD Retail Locations Ad Choices Stock Market Today The Big Picture Economic Calendar Investing Workshops New to IBD Economy Technology Politics Editorials Co-Browse Connect With Us On Notice: Information contained herein is not and should not be construed as an offer, solicitation, or recommendation to buy or sell securities. The information has been obtained from sources we believe to be reliable; however no guarantee is made or implied with respect to its accuracy, timeliness, or completeness. Authors may own the stocks they discuss. The information and content are subject to change without notice. *Real-time prices by Bats®. Volume delayed. Real-time quote and/or trade prices are not sourced from all markets. © 2000-2017 Investor's Business Daily, Inc. All rights reserved
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Merck & Co. Inc. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Merck & Co. Inc. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News JPMorgan Chase & Co. (JPM) is Campbell Newman Asset Management Inc.’s 4th Largest Position PepsiCo, Inc. (PEP) Stake Increased by Atria Investments LLC Verizon Communications Inc. (VZ) Stake Cut by MU Investments Co. Ltd. Cisco Systems, Inc. (CSCO) Stake Increased by Reilly Financial Advisors LLC Nationwide Fund Advisors Boosts Stake in Rush Enterprises, Inc. (RUSHA) Farmers & Merchants Investments Inc. Purchases 150 Shares of Merck & Co., Inc. (MRK) Armstrong Henry H Associates Inc. Has $2.69 Million Stake in Alphabet Inc (GOOG) Home Depot Inc (HD) Stake Reduced by Hartford Financial Management Inc. Oakbrook Investments LLC Has $1.04 Million Stake in AbbVie Inc (ABBV) Londonmetric Property PLC (LMP) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by Numis Securities Ltd Eli Lilly and Co (LLY) Cut to “C” at TheStreet Gulf International Bank UK Ltd Has $105.82 Million Stake in Johnson & Johnson (JNJ) Exxon Mobil Co. (XOM) Position Boosted by Gulf International Bank UK Ltd Pure Financial Advisors Inc. Has $310,000 Position in Microsoft Co. (MSFT) Teachers Advisors LLC Has $937,000 Position in Big 5 Sporting Goods Co. (BGFV) Teachers Advisors LLC Boosts Stake in Silver Bay Realty Trust Corp (SBY) REX American Resources Corp (REX) Shares Bought by Teachers Advisors LLC James River Group Holdings Ltd (JRVR) Shares Bought by Teachers Advisors LLC Bremer Trust National Association Has $2.19 Million Position in Pfizer Inc. (PFE) Banced Corp Has $1.02 Million Position in Pfizer Inc. (PFE) Farmers & Merchants Investments Inc. Purchases 150 Shares of Merck & Co., Inc. (MRK) June 6th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Stacy Sanders Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet Farmers & Merchants Investments Inc. raised its position in shares of Merck & Co., Inc. (NYSE:MRK) by 0.1% during the first quarter, Holdings Channel reports. The firm owned 110,440 shares of the company’s stock after buying an additional 150 shares during the period. Farmers & Merchants Investments Inc.’s holdings in Merck & Co. were worth $7,017,000 as of its most recent filing with the SEC. Several other hedge funds have also made changes to their positions in the stock. Windsor Capital Management LLC raised its stake in shares of Merck & Co. by 4.5% in the third quarter. Windsor Capital Management LLC now owns 8,349 shares of the company’s stock worth $521,000 after buying an additional 359 shares during the period. Advisor Group Inc. raised its stake in shares of Merck & Co. by 4.9% in the third quarter. Advisor Group Inc. now owns 198,642 shares of the company’s stock worth $12,054,000 after buying an additional 9,333 shares during the period. Korea Investment CORP raised its stake in shares of Merck & Co. by 8.6% in the third quarter. Korea Investment CORP now owns 2,551,526 shares of the company’s stock worth $159,241,000 after buying an additional 201,509 shares during the period. Bailard Inc. raised its stake in shares of Merck & Co. by 76.6% in the third quarter. Bailard Inc. now owns 72,790 shares of the company’s stock worth $4,543,000 after buying an additional 31,573 shares during the period. Finally, Hancock Holding Co. raised its stake in shares of Merck & Co. by 1.7% in the third quarter. Hancock Holding Co. now owns 23,401 shares of the company’s stock worth $1,461,000 after buying an additional 402 shares during the period. Institutional investors own 74.10% of the company’s stock. Merck & Co., Inc. (NYSE:MRK) opened at 65.07 on Tuesday. The company has a market cap of $177.98 billion, a PE ratio of 41.47 and a beta of 0.79. The firm’s 50-day moving average price is $63.62 and its 200-day moving average price is $62.98. Merck & Co., Inc. has a one year low of $55.10 and a one year high of $66.80. Merck & Co. (NYSE:MRK) last released its earnings results on Tuesday, May 2nd. The company reported $0.88 EPS for the quarter, topping the consensus estimate of $0.83 by $0.05. Merck & Co. had a return on equity of 24.08% and a net margin of 14.30%. The business had revenue of $9.43 billion during the quarter, compared to analysts’ expectations of $9.25 billion. During the same quarter last year, the firm posted $0.89 earnings per share. The firm’s revenue was up 1.3% on a year-over-year basis. On average, equities research analysts forecast that Merck & Co., Inc. will post $3.84 earnings per share for the current fiscal year. The firm also recently announced a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Monday, July 10th. Investors of record on Thursday, June 15th will be paid a dividend of $0.47 per share. The ex-dividend date of this dividend is Tuesday, June 13th. This represents a $1.88 annualized dividend and a yield of 2.89%. Merck & Co.’s dividend payout ratio is currently 92.61%. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION WARNING: This article was first reported by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are accessing this article on another site, it was stolen and reposted in violation of US & international copyright & trademark law. The legal version of this article can be viewed at https://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/06/06/farmers-merchants-investments-inc-purchases-150-shares-of-merck-co-inc-mrk.html. MRK has been the subject of a number of research reports. BMO Capital Markets lowered their target price on Merck & Co. from $72.00 to $70.00 and set an “outperform” rating for the company in a research note on Wednesday, February 15th. Vetr upgraded Merck & Co. from a “sell” rating to a “hold” rating and set a $63.44 price objective for the company in a research report on Wednesday, February 22nd. Sanford C. Bernstein reiterated a “market perform” rating on shares of Merck & Co. in a research report on Friday, February 24th. Jefferies Group LLC reiterated an “underperform” rating and issued a $52.00 price objective (up from $50.00) on shares of Merck & Co. in a research report on Saturday, March 11th. Finally, Leerink Swann reiterated a “market perform” rating on shares of Merck & Co. in a research report on Monday, March 20th. Two research analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, seven have given a hold rating and twelve have assigned a buy rating to the company. Merck & Co. presently has a consensus rating of “Hold” and a consensus price target of $68.79. In related news, EVP Adam H. Schechter sold 53,850 shares of the firm’s stock in a transaction that occurred on Monday, April 3rd. The stock was sold at an average price of $63.48, for a total transaction of $3,418,398.00. The transaction was disclosed in a legal filing with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which is accessible through this link. Also, Director C Robert Kidder sold 5,000 shares of the firm’s stock in a transaction that occurred on Friday, May 12th. The stock was sold at an average price of $63.54, for a total value of $317,700.00. Following the sale, the director now directly owns 14,317 shares of the company’s stock, valued at approximately $909,702.18. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Company insiders own 0.05% of the company’s stock. Merck & Co. Company Profile Merck & Co, Inc is a global healthcare company. The Company offers health solutions through its prescription medicines, vaccines, biologic therapies and animal health products. It operates through four segments: Pharmaceutical, Animal Health, Healthcare Services and Alliances. The Company’s Pharmaceutical segment includes human health pharmaceutical and vaccine products marketed either directly by the Company or through joint ventures. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding MRK? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Merck & Co., Inc. (NYSE:MRK). Receive News & Ratings for Merck & Co. Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Merck & Co. Inc. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News President Trump’s Tweets Complicate Already Complicated Week World Leaders Very Critical of Paris Agreement Decision by Trump Aide to President Trump Resigns With More Expected Scud-Class Missile Launched by North Korea Travel Ban Dealt Another Blow by Appeals Court © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Helping the world invest better since 1993. Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Latest Stock Picks Stocks Premium Services Return S&P Stock Advisor Flagship service 249% 71% Rule Breakers High-growth stocks 116% 58% Income Investor Dividend stocks 46% 43% Hidden Gems Small-cap stocks 63% 55% Inside Value Undervalued stocks 49% 31% Returns as of 6/8/2017 Stock Market News Latest Investing News Gainers & Losers in the Market Today 3 Top Dividend Stocks to Buy Now Dividend Paying Stocks for Beginners Top Growth Stock for 2017 Discover High Growth Stocks 10 Best Stocks Right Now Popular Stocks Apple Stock (AAPL) Facebook Stock (FB) Tesla Stock (TSLA) Netflix Stock (NFLX) Google Stock (GOOG) Amazon Stock (AMZN) GE Stock (GE) Disney Stock (DIS) Twitter Stock (TWTR) Snapchat Stock (SNAP) How to Invest Learn How to Invest How to Invest in Stocks Start Investing with $100 a Month Investing Knowledge Center Learn Options Trading Guide to Index, Mutual & ETF Funds How to Build a Dividend Portfolio Investing for Retirement Track Your Performance Portfolio Tracker Rate & Research Stocks - CAPS Investing Accounts Compare Brokerage Accounts Compare IRA Accounts Retirement Retirement Planning 401Ks | IRAs | Asset Allocation Step by step guide to retirement Your 2017 Guide to Retirement Plans Will Social Security be there for me? Retirement Guide: 20s | 30s | 40s | 50s Save for College or Retirement? $16,122 Social Security Bonus Already Retired Time to Retire, Now What? Living in Retirement in Your 60s Should I Reverse Mortgage My Home? Should I Get a Long Term Care Policy? Your 2017 Guide to Social Security Personal Finance Credit Cards Best Credit Cards of 2017 Best Credit Card Sign-Up Bonuses Best Balance-Transfer Credit Cards Best Travel Credit Cards Best Cash-Back Credit Cards Best No-Annual-Fee Credit Cards Best Small Business Credit Cards Mortgages Compare Mortgage Rates Get Pre-Approved How Much House Can I Afford? 11 Mortgage Essentials Demystified Taxes How to Reduce Your Taxes Deductions Even Pros Overlook Audit-Proof Your Tax Return What Info Should I Keep? Saving & Budgeting Getting Out of Debt Create an Emergency Fund Which Accounts Should I Use? College Savings Community Our Mission: Helping the World Invest — Better Founded in 1993 by brothers Tom and David Gardner, The Motley Fool helps millions of people attain financial freedom through our website, podcasts, books, newspaper column, radio show, and premium investing services. Latest Stock Picks Stocks Stocks Premium Services Return S&P Stock Advisor Flagship service 249% 71% Rule Breakers High-growth stocks 116% 58% Income Investor Dividend stocks 46% 43% Hidden Gems Small-cap stocks 63% 55% Inside Value Undervalued stocks 49% 31% Returns as of 6/8/2017 Stock Market News Latest Investing News Gainers & Losers in the Market Today 3 Top Dividend Stocks to Buy Now Dividend Paying Stocks for Beginners Top Growth Stock for 2017 Discover High Growth Stocks 10 Best Stocks Right Now Popular Stocks Apple Stock (AAPL) Facebook Stock (FB) Tesla Stock (TSLA) Netflix Stock (NFLX) Google Stock (GOOG) Amazon Stock (AMZN) GE Stock (GE) Disney Stock (DIS) Twitter Stock (TWTR) Snapchat Stock (SNAP) How to Invest How to Invest Learn How to Invest How to Invest in Stocks Start Investing with $100 a Month Investing Knowledge Center Learn Options Trading Guide to Index, Mutual & ETF Funds How to Build a Dividend Portfolio Investing for Retirement Track Your Performance Portfolio Tracker Rate & Research Stocks - CAPS Investing Accounts Compare Brokerage Accounts Compare IRA Accounts Retirement Retirement Retirement Planning 401Ks IRAs Asset Allocation Step by step guide to retirement Your 2017 Guide to Retirement Plans Will Social Security be there for me? Retirement Guide: 20s Retirement Guide: 30s Retirement Guide: 40s Retirement Guide: 50s Save for College or Retirement? $16,122 Social Security Bonus Already Retired Time to Retire, Now What? Living in Retirement in Your 60s Should I reverse Mortgage My Home? Should I Get a Long Term Care Policy? Your 2016 Guide to Social Security Personal Finance Personal Finance Credit Cards Best Credit Cards of 2017 Best Credit Card Sign-Up Bonuses Best Balance-Transfer Credit Cards Best Travel Credit Cards Best Cash-Back Credit Cards Best No-Annual-Fee Credit Cards Best Small Business Credit Cards Mortgages Compare Mortgage Rates Get Pre-Approved How Much House Can I Afford? 11 Mortgage Essentials Demystified Taxes How to Reduce Your Taxes Deductions Even Pros Overlook Audit-Proof Your Tax Return What Info Should I Keep? Saving & Budgeting Getting Out of Debt Create an Emergency Fund Which Accounts Should I Use? College Savings Community Community Login Search Search: An Unprecedented FDA Approval Bodes Well for This Drug Stock This drug approval was an important step forward in personalized medicine and marked another win for Merck's Keytruda. Jim Crumly (TMFSpeyside) Jun 6, 2017 at 5:41PM Pharmaceutical giant Merck (NYSE:MRK) has been on a roll recently, with anti-cancer drug Keytruda winning approval for multiple manifestations of the disease. An approval for one particular indication last month continues the good news for the drug and has broader implications for the drug industry and personalized medicine. An unprecedented approval The FDA issued an accelerated approval for Keytruda to treat patients with solid tumors with certain biomarkers. (For those biotech nerds out there, this approval came for tumors with a biomarker called microsatellite instability high (MSI-H) or mismatch repair deficient (dMMR).) The approval covers patients who have progressed despite prior treatments and have no other treatment options, and those who have colorectal cancer that has progressed despite chemotherapy.  Image source: Merck. What makes the FDA action monumental is that this is the first approval for a cancer treatment that's indicated by a specific genetic feature of the tumor, independent of where the tumor originated. The press release from the FDA explains the significance: "This is an important first for the cancer community," said Richard Pazdur, M.D., acting director of the Office of Hematology and Oncology Products in the FDA's Center for Drug Evaluation and Research and director of the FDA's Oncology Center of Excellence. "Until now, the FDA has approved cancer treatments based on where in the body the cancer started -- for example, lung or breast cancers. We have now approved a drug based on a tumor's biomarker without regard to the tumor's original location." Errors in DNA replication happen all the time, but normal cells have a facility for repairing DNA mutations before they can cause any damage. Tumors with MSI-H or dMMR result from abnormalities in the ability to repair DNA, either as a result of an inherited condition called Lynch syndrome, or because of a spontaneous mutation that isn't passed on genetically. Tumors of this type occur most commonly in colorectal, endometrial, and gastrointestinal cancers but can also originate in many other locations. Approximately 5% of metastatic colorectal cancer patients have this kind of tumor, and as many as a million people in the U.S. have Lynch syndrome and an 85% chance of contracting colon cancer.  Tumors with these markers exhibit a microenvironment of a particularly high degree of immune activity, but inhibitory strategies of the cancer, including the PD-1 checkpoint, prevent the immune system from eliminating them. This is why Keytruda, a PD-1 checkpoint inhibitor, is particularly effective against these types of tumors. The approval was based on five trials in which patients who tested positive for one or both of these markers were given Keytruda every two or three weeks. Of the 90 patients with colorectal cancer, there was an overall response rate of 36%. The remaining 56 patients had a variety of solid tumors, including endometrial, biliary, gastric or GE junction, pancreatic, small intestinal, breast, prostate, bladder, esophageal, thyroid, small-cell lung, and renal-cell cancers, sarcomas, and retroperitoneal adenocarcinoma. These patients had an overall response rate of 46%. Keytruda on the rise Merck's Keytruda is riding a string of victories and is proving to be Merck's most promising source of growth in the next few years. The drug was approved for metastatic melanoma last summer, and last October the FDA approved it for first-line treatment of non-small-cell lung cancer that has high PD-L1 expression. The win scored a huge victory over Bristol-Myers Squibb's Opdivo. Since then, the drug has been approved for head and neck cancer and classical Hodgkin lymphoma. In May alone, Merck won approvals for bladder cancer and first-line treatment of all non-small-cell lung cancer in combination with chemotherapy. The best news may still be ahead for Keytruda. The drug is now a part of 500 trials for a wide variety of cancers. The $584 million in sales of the drug last quarter is still only around half of what Opdivo is doing, and both drugs are still in the early stages of life in the marketplace. The first-ever FDA approval of a drug for cancers with a particular genetic feature independent of location is a big milestone in the emerging field of personalized medicine. That Merck was the first to score this sort of win speaks well of Keytruda and the company's execution of its clinical strategy. The investment and medical communities should sit up and take notice. Jim Crumly has no position in any stocks mentioned. The Motley Fool has no position in any of the stocks mentioned. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author Jim Crumly (TMFSpeyside) Jim bought his first stocks in 1967 with paper route money and has been invested in equities ever since. He's still learning, though, and enjoys studying and investing in a wide variety of businesses. He has a BS and MS in electrical engineering from Stanford University, and retired after 34 years with a large technology company. Article Info Jun 6, 2017 at 5:41PM Health Care Stocks Merck & Co. NYSE:MRK $64.06 no change (0.00%) Bristol-Myers Squibb NYSE:BMY $52.95 up $0.38 (0.72%) Read More Merck Makes Nice With Bristol-Myers Squibb 3 Top Big Pharma Stocks to Buy Now Better Buy: Merck & Co. Inc. vs. AbbVie Inc. Can Keytruda Return Merck & Co. to Growth? Merck & Co.'s Patent Cliff In 2017 Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Current An Unprecedented FDA Approval Bodes Well for This Drug Stock @themotleyfool #stocks $MRK, $BMY
Menu Biglaw Small Law Firms Small Firm Center Law Schools In-House Counsel Business Development Future of the Supreme Court Justice Privacy Bonuses ATL Rankings Asia Chronicles Government Appellate Court Blog CLE Litigation Finance Podcast Career Center Job Listings Law Firm Rankings Law School Rankings Pre-Law Law Students Lawyers Law Firm Directory Law School Directory Law Firm Advances, Bonuses, Stipends Resource Center Send Tips Advertise Events About X Close Signup Modal Above The Law In your inbox Subscribe and get breaking news, commentary, and opinions on law firms, lawyers, law schools, lawsuits, judges, and more. Send Tips Advertise Events About Above the Law Morning Docket: 06.08.17 The Latest Legal Luminaries Nominated For Federal Judgeships By President Trump Non-Sequiturs: 06.07.17 We Appreciate Our Sponsors On ATL Need Biglaw To Get To alt.legal? (Raj Goyle Didn’t) Plaintiff Voluntarily Dismisses Patient Privacy Suit Against MDLive You Use It Every Day, But Never Thought About It MyShingle Announces OnLine Legal Job Fair For Solos & Smalls And Legal Tech Companies Surrogacy In Asia Is A Hot Mess Does Anyone Care About Their Reputation? Getting Rid Of Jeff Sessions Is More Important Than Getting Rid Of Donald Trump Lawyer Becomes Cloistered Nun To Pay Off Her Law School Debt Remaining Confident In The Face Of Change: Practical Law Shame And Fear In Recovery Lawyer Ghosted After Pleading Guilty To Fraud Biglaw Small Law Small Firm Center Law Schools In-House Legal Tech Justice Government Appellate Court Blog Career Center Job Listings Pre-Law Law Students Lawyers Law Firm Rankings Law School Rankings Law Firm Directory Law School Directory Resource Center Law Firm Advances, Bonuses, Stipends CLE Want to know what the winning edge is for lawyers? Join us on 6/20 for a webcast. Register today! The 2017 Law School Rankings: The Finest In Fact-Based List Making Drugs, Health Care / Medicine, Intellectual Property, Patents The Cost Of A Cure: Patent Rights And Drug Prices U.S. patients pay much higher prices for drugs than patients overseas, effectively subsidizing patients worldwide. By Gaston Kroub Jun 6, 2017 at 10:03 AM Shares49 One of the hottest-button political issues of the day is high prescription drug costs. On one side of the debate are politicians and patient groups espousing a populist viewpoint seeking for lower drug costs — starting immediately. On the other side are drug companies, their lobbyists, and those in favor of strong patent rights, who argue that unless companies are allowed to recoup their tremendous drug development costs, fewer life-saving or enhancing medicines will be found. There is no doubt this is a complicated question, with strong arguments on both sides. As an initial matter, however, it helps to understand why drug prices in this country can be so high in the first place. In a simple sense, there are two levers that allow drug companies to charge what some consider exorbitant prices for their products in the United States. First is the FDA regulatory regime, which grants exclusivity to drug companies for limited periods when certain criteria are met, and can sometimes inadvertently delay generic competition due to delays in processing approvals for generic products. Second is the exclusivity granted by patents, buttressed by the complicated legal dances that generic companies need to engage in to clear the way for their products. Whether a drug enjoys FDA or patent exclusivity, or both, drug companies operate as if they will have a limited window to enjoy their monopoly pricing on a product before the entry of generic competition. For patients, that means when they need the drug — before or after generics are available — can have a big impact on what they need to pay. And because there is no uniform worldwide regulatory or patent system, patients in the U.S. often find themselves paying much more than patients in other markets with weaker patent rights, for example. There is a lot to say on how patents can contribute to high drug prices, but for purposes of this column I would like to focus on a single drug that has been in the news because of its pricing — while taking a look at how complicated patent issues can both help or hinder the likelihood of cheaper prices for consumers. By now, many of us have seen the advertisements for Gilead’s Hepatitis C treatment, Harvoni (or Solvadi), which has an extremely high cure rate (over 95%) for Hep C sufferers. Gilead purchased the company that developed the Hep C cure in 2011 for close to $11 billion, and in 2014-2015 alone raked in over $15 billion on sales of the drug. A big chunk of that revenue came from U.S. patients, where Gilead charged over $80,000 per course of treatment. While that price has come down a bit due to competition, there is no doubt that this miracle drug is not a cheap cure. For its part, Gilead argues that the cost of the cure must be measured against the even greater cost that Hep C sufferers would incur if they needed a liver transplant. At the same time, Gilead has been forced to drastically lower the price for its drug in countries like Egypt and India, which have large Hep C patient populations and have effectively forced Gilead to forego monopoly pricing supported by patents. In fact, the same pill that has sold for over $1,000 in the U.S. actually costs under $1 to produce, and Egyptian patients can be cured for hundreds, and not tens of thousands, of dollars. In India, forced generic availability has also greatly reduced the price. The disparity between prices in these countries and what is charged to U.S. patients has given rise to arguments that Gilead should be forced to offer lower prices in this country as well. Political pressure to lower drug prices for its Hep C treatment is not the only hurdle Gilead has dealt with as it tries to maximize its profits on one of its key products. On the patent front, the company has been hit with legal challenges from all sides. A major competitor, Merck, launched two major patent infringement lawsuits against Gilead last year, based on patents relating to the active molecule in Gilead’s drug that Merck had acquired when it purchased two smaller biotech companies that were also pursuing Hep C treatments. While Gilead was able to fend off Merck in one case, a jury awarded $2.5 billion in damages in another case (currently on appeal). Since Merck is already selling a competitive Hep C treatment, these cases were straightforward attempts to extract a royalty from Gilead. If Gilead ends up having to pay royalties on its sales of Harvoni, that could be an independent reason why Gilead could choose to maintain, or even raise, its prices. While Gilead has been dealing with these third-party claims of patent infringement, the company’s own patent estate around its Hep C franchise has also come under assault. In perhaps the most prominent example, groups like Médecins Sans Frontières (MSF) have challenged Gilead’s patents in Europe and Brazil. In Brazil, there is a large Hep C population of over 1.5 million likely sufferers, and even though Gilead’s rack rates in Brazil are much lower than in the U.S. ($6,500 versus nearly $60,000), there is still an effort to introduce even lower prices through generic entry. To that end, Gilead faces patent oppositions in these foreign jurisdictions, aimed at preventing Gilead from blocking generic competition through its patents. While these oppositions have a legal analog in the U.S. in the form of Inter Partes Review proceedings (which have been used to attack drug patents held by other companies), to date Gilead has not faced such challenges on its Hep C drug patents. The more successful those efforts are, the more the price disparity between what Gilead charges in the U.S. vs. overseas is likely to grow. Ultimately, Gilead’s drug presents a prime example of the complicated nature of the drug pricing debate, and how patent rights can help determine pricing. At the same time, there is no doubt that U.S. patients are often put in the position of paying much higher prices than patients overseas, effectively subsidizing patients worldwide for their treatments. As a result, the drug pricing debate is going to continue, in both the political and public opinion spheres. On the legal front, the importance of patents and the ability of companies to win their patent battles will continue to go a long way towards determining drug prices. Complain as you will about the cost of a cure, but recognize as well the complexity of the issue. N.B. for those interested in my column last week discussing the Supreme Court’s recent decision on patent venue, here is a link to a companion piece I wrote on the issue published by the George Washington Law Review’s Online Journal. Please feel free to send comments or questions to me at gkroub@kskiplaw.com or via Twitter: @gkroub. Any topic suggestions or thoughts are most welcome. TC Heartland v. Kraft Foods: Patent Venue Comes Home [George Washington Law Review] Earlier: 3 Things To Watch For Post-TC Heartland Gaston Kroub lives in Brooklyn and is a founding partner of Kroub, Silbersher & Kolmykov PLLC, an intellectual property litigation boutique. The firm’s practice focuses on intellectual property litigation and related counseling, with a strong focus on patent matters. You can reach him at gkroub@kskiplaw.com or follow him on Twitter: @gkroub. Promoted Sponsored Content Transgender Civil Rights: Emerging Trends Transgender Civil Rights: Emerging Trends ATL readers are offered 1 free CLE course each month, thanks to Lawline. ATL readers are offered 1 free CLE course each month, thanks to Lawline. Lawline Promoted Sponsored Content Meysan A.T. Partners Is Hiring An Associate And Senior Associate In Kuwait Meysan A.T. Partners Is Hiring An Associate And Senior Associate In Kuwait As part of a collegiate group of highly experienced lawyers, this is an opportunity to obtain significant exposure to some of the most high-profile regional deals, from inception to completion and post completion. Meysan A.T. Partners, a boutique Middle Eastern law firm based in Kuwait. Winnie Liu Shares49 Topics Drugs, Gaston Kroub, Gilead, Harvoni, Health Care / Medicine, hepatitis C drugs, Intellectual Property, Médecins Sans Frontières (MSF), Merck, Merck & Co., Patent Law, Patents, Prescription Drugs, Solvadi —ADVERTISEMENT— Love ATL? Let's make it official. Sign up for our newsletter. Popular Articles The ABA Is Giving Us A New Law School Davis Polk Partner Dies After Being Struck By A Train The Latest Legal Luminaries Nominated For Federal Judgeships By President Trump White & Case Has Built The New ‘Modern’ Law Firm Office — And It’s Awesome Lawyer Becomes Cloistered Nun To Pay Off Her Law School Debt Getting Rid Of Jeff Sessions Is More Important Than Getting Rid Of Donald Trump Need Biglaw To Get To alt.legal? (Raj Goyle Didn’t) Why Is Tiffany Trump Going To Law School? Litigation Finance Firm Offers Revolutionary Program For Women Lawyers With Families You Use It Every Day, But Never Thought About It Does Anyone Care About Their Reputation? 6 Lessons About Lawyering — And Life The Biglaw Firms That Said No To Trump The New York Times Spills the Beans on the Casey Greenfield / Jeffrey Toobin Affair Morning Docket: 06.08.17 From the Above the Law Network Bridge The Gap Meets The 21St Century Source: Lawline CLE Tight Budget? Learn Costs and Benefits of a Virtual Law Office Source: Thomson Reuters Overworked? Get Tips in This Free Matter Management Checklist Source: Thomson Reuters Should you Consider a Virtual Law Office? Take a Tour Here. Source: Thomson Reuters Are We In A Golden Age of Legal Research Innovation? Source: Lawsites Blog BEST LIFE SCIENCES LAW FIRM RANKING 2017 Source: Lake Whillans 5 Things First-Years Need To Do To Survive Biglaw Source: Lateral Link Emergence Of Lateral Market In Dallas-Fort Worth Source: Kinney Recruiting Morning Docket: 06.06.17 The Biglaw Firms That Said No To Trump Shares49 Promoted Sponsored Content April and May Highlights on Legal Talk Network: Dean Strang, Drug Scandals, and Drones LTN Highlights: Dean Strang, Drug Scandals, and Drones May brought us a fresh batch of podcasts. May brought us a fresh batch of podcasts. Legal Talk Network Promoted Sponsored Content Want To Improve Your Accounting And Finance Knowledge? Want To Improve Your Accounting And Finance Knowledge? “This is what I would build in my dreams.” -Director of Attorney Development, Am Law 100 firm “This is what I would build in my dreams.” -Director of Attorney Development, Am Law 100 firm HOTSHOT Promoted Sponsored Content At Which Firms Are Women Thriving? Findings From The ATL Law Firm Gender Diversity Index Law firms blow a lot of rhetorical hot air affirming their commitment to achieving gender diversity in the workplace. Yet, despite some isolated efforts to hire and retain more female attorneys and promote more women into partnership, little tangible progress has been made to improve the position of women in the profession… Above The Law Recent Jobs Midlevel Corporate/M&A/Private Equity Attorney - Kuwait Location: Kuwait City, Kuwait posted by Meysan A.T. Partners Assistant Commissioner of Housing Litigation Location: New York, New York posted by New York City Department of Housing Preservation & Development Environmental Associate Location: Seattle, Washington posted by Stoel Rives LLP Rechtsanwalt (m/w) für Bau- und Immobilienrecht in Frankfurt Location: Frankfurt, Germany posted by Kinney Recruiting LLC Covenant Analyst Location: New York, New York posted by Xtract Research view all » Promoted Sponsored Content Teaching You What Law School Doesn’t Teaching You What Law School Doesn’t Practical training on your terms at the right price… Practical training on your terms at the right price… Stephanie Wilkins Promoted Sponsored Content The Winning Edge For Lawyers The Winning Edge For Lawyers Lex Machina is expanding its award-winning Legal Analytics ® to a new practice area, Commercial litigation. Join the launch webcast to hear our panelists discuss… Lex Machina is expanding its award-winning Legal Analytics ® to a new practice area, Commercial litigation. Join the launch webcast to hear our panelists discuss… ABOVE THE LAW Newsletter Signup Subscribe and get breaking news, commentary, and opinions on law firms, lawyers, law schools, lawsuits, judges, and more. Editorial Staff Managing Editor David Lat Editors Staci Zaretsky Joe Patrice Breaking Media Editor at Large Elie Mystal × Love ATL? Let's make it official. Sign up for our newsletter. Follow us No thanks Our Sites © 2017 Breaking Media, Inc. All rights reserved. Registration or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy. ×
THU, JUN 08, 2017 | 10 °C A few clouds Full Text Archive Danger Zone: Vaccination in Hamilton schools Spec 170th anniversary Spec Auctions Readers' Choice Columns Wellness Subscription Today's Paper In Your Neighbourhood Home & Garden Newsroom Insider podcast Event listings 3DownNation Hot topics Newspaper in Education Top Employers Search News Search Entire Site Login SignUp home news business sports what's on opinion community Living Obituaries Classifieds Real Estate shopping jobs CRIME LOCAL ONTARIO CANADA WORLD BUSINESS 20 minutes ago ‘Serial’ podcast star, guilty of killing girlfriend, seeks new trial Attorneys for a man convicted of killing his high school sweetheart, and... Latest News SEE MORE Newmarket Grandma felt ‘high’ after eating grandson’s pot-laced chocolate “You disappeared?” A wife seeks her husband missing in China Hamilton man, 71, charged with child abduction and attempted kidnapping Business Links HamiltonBusiness.com , Young Professionals , Economic Development , Steeltown 15 hours ago OECD latest international body to call out Canada on housing markets The OECD is calling on Canada to do more to address risks associated with... Latest Business News SEE MORE Ikea Canada on target to double its footprint by 2025, says new president Flair Airlines purchases assets of NewLeaf Jail sentence for Brampton-based boss who owed workers $125,000 LOCAL McMaster-university athletics End to End blog BULLDOGS - OHL Sports TV Listings TICATS - CFL SCRATCHING POST UREPORT Drew Edwards Steve Milton Teri Pecoskie Scott Radley Calendar Olympics 10 minutes ago The Latest: First women's semifinal underway in Paris The Latest: Kuerten says Nadal could win 15 titles in Paris Latest Sports News SEE MORE Springboks pick 4 uncapped players for 1st France test 1860 Munich stakeholder to act against ownership rule Canada's Dabrowski wins French Open mixed doubles Contests Hamilton Events Burlington Events Movie news+reviews Movie Listings Art Arts & Entertainment BOOKS MUSIC RESTAURANT REVIEWS Television TV LIstings Theatre Wow Celebrity 47 minutes ago Phil Collins hospitalised after fall Phil Collins has been hospitalised after falling in his hotel room and... Arts & Entertainment SEE MORE Celebrity chef Bobby Flay buys interest in Belmont horse Where did Katy Perry go wrong? A timeline Normani Kordei says new Fifth Harmony album 'means more' Editorial Commentary Letters Columnists Cartoons Blogs Commenting Guidelines Jun 06, 2017 The Spectator’s View: Optics, reality, and spending taxpayer dollars If there is one thing politicians need to understand, it’s that... Inside Opinion: Spec viewpoint and community analysis VIEW MORE OPINION Contests Spec 170 Your Stories Eye on the Area Eye on the Area Photo Submissions Newspaper in Education Commenting Guidelines Power of the Pen Community Partnerships Family Legal Matters Money Matters Top Employers Canada 150 Home and Garden Environment 47 minutes ago Mix orchids with succulents for a truly unique planter This season is all about mixing and matching, whether it is colours,... Latest Community Stories SEE MORE Apple wants to curb distracted driving with new iPhone setting Signpost Tesla owners could soon be paying more for insurance Wheels.ca Family & Parenting Food Health & Fitness Home and Garden Home Style Travel 9 hours ago KATHY RENWALD: Architecture Crawl 2.0 The Cannon Knitting Mills building dominates the corner of Mary and Cannon... Latest Living Stories SEE MORE Travel inspired jewellery for the jetsetter My deaf son fought speech. Sign language let him bloom Feline food issues? ‘Whisker fatigue’ may be to blame Announcements Autos Real Estate Rentals Eye on the Area Spectator Classified and Announcements 1-800-263-6480 Spectator Recruitment Advertising 905-526-3200 YourClassifieds.ca An Authentic Greek Dinner discount: 35% | value: $106.00 | You Save: $37.00 Time Remaining: 0 Days Niagara Casinos: Great people work here Local Ads Business Listings Coupons Deals Flyers In Your Neighbourhood Readers' Choice Winners SpecStore.ca Taste of Your Neighbourhood An Authentic Greek Dinner discount: 35% | value: $106.00 | You Save: $37.00 Time Remaining: 0 Days Healthy aging for seniors through chiropractic care Home News World 7 things doctors are buzzing about at biggest... | Jun 06, 2017  |  Vote 0    0 7 things doctors are buzzing about at biggest cancer research meeting Research kirstypargeter,Getty Images/iStockphoto 38,000 oncologists are gathering for the American Society of Clinical Oncology next play/pause pre Hamilton Spectator By Laurie McGinley     CHICAGO - With 38,000 oncologists converging on the sprawling McCormick Place for the annual meeting of the American Society of Clinical Oncology, the halls in the convention center are as crowded as Manhattan sidewalks at Christmastime. Watch out or you'll get run over as attendees rush to the next meeting of the minds. The conference, which opened Friday and wraps up Tuesday, features hundreds of sessions and poster presentations ranging from the highly technical ("Predictive biomarkers of ipilimumab toxicity in metastatic melanoma") to tips for everyday practice ("Patient communication: Balancing hope versus reality"). While most of the topics are as serious as, well, cancer, there are some lighter moments. Here's a look at a few things that have been getting play: 1. Targeting the combinations: Efforts to harness the immune system to fight cancer have yielded some big successes, but only in a minority of patients. The way to get the therapies to work in more people, researchers now say, is to use them in combination with something else. That means putting two immunotherapy medications together, or trying them with targeted therapies or conventional treatments such as chemotherapy and radiation. Those approaches have moved to center stage, though some researchers say they're a bit like throwing spaghetti at the wall to see what sticks. A new report by EP Vantage, a news service that covers the pharmaceuticals and biotech industries, counts 765 combination studies involving the most prominent kind of immunotherapy listed on the federal database ClinicalTrials.gov. That's more than triple the number 18 months ago. Merck's drug, Keytruda, leads the pack with a role in 268 combo studies. Roy Baynes, senior vice president and head of global clinical development at Merck Research Laboratories, is blunt about the state of knowledge: "We have no idea what the best combinations are," he said. "Anyone who tells you that they do is fibbing." Richard Pazdur, director of the Food and Drug Administration's Oncology Center of Excellence, said he's optimistic about the field. "They're trying everything under the sun, including chicken soup," he said. 2. The looming "new epidemic": Partly because of the possibility of expensive combination therapies, many doctors are fretting about costs and whether their patients will be able to afford promising new drugs. Already, they say, some patients are taking a big financial hit to get what they need. "This is the new epidemic - people going under to pay for their drugs," said Scott Ramsey, director of the Hutchinson Institute for Cancer Outcomes Research at Fred Hutchinson Cancer Research Center in Seattle. Ramsey supports a "pay-for-performance" model in which drug prices are reduced if the treatments aren't as effective as touted. Also, he said, "We've got to allow insurers to say no when the price is too high and the benefit is too small. Otherwise, I don't know how we'll put pressure on the drug companies." Video: 8-year-old Ava Christiansen has been battling cancer for half her life. Now a new specialized cancer treatment may be able to keep her in remission. 3. A Windy City papered by drug ads: Pharmaceuticals ads decorate airport concourses, tucked between promotions for the Chicago Cubs and White Sox. They appear on huge downtown billboards, placards at bus stops and the little envelopes that hold hotel keys. And at hotels serving as "official" ASCO lodging, goody bags filled with drug-company pamphlets are delivered right to the doors of attendees who are checked in. 4. Location, location, location - but maybe less for tumors: For the first time, the FDA recently approved a cancer drug for any malignancy based on tumors' genetic defects. At the meeting here, Loxo Oncology presented results that showed a drug called larotrectinib shrank tumors in 17 different cancers with a defect called a TRK fusion. The company plans to use the findings and other data to seek FDA approval for the therapy. If larotrectinib gets the nod, it will be another step forward for gearing treatments toward genetic characteristics rather than the parts of the body where tumors occur. 5. Hitting harder at advanced prostate cancer: The latest clinical trial results showed that adding a Johnson & Johnson drug called Zytiga, or abiraterone, to standard hormone therapy for men with newly diagnosed advanced prostate cancer reduced their chance of death by about 40 percent. "This will clearly result in the earlier use of abiraterone and should spur rapid FDA approval for this additional indication," said Nancy Dawson, an oncologist at Georgetown Lombardi Comprehensive Cancer Center who was not involved in the research. The medication already is approved for men whose prostate cancer worsens during the standard hormone treatment. 6. Lattes, cookies and pie pops: To lure doctors to their booths in the gigantic exhibit hall, pharmaceuticals companies have been offering free lattes and all kinds of snacks. Genentech hands out vanilla cookies with the company name emblazoned on the back in chocolate. Takeda Pharmaceuticals serves up Key lime pie pops, and AbbVie features "Madagascar vanilla bean mini cupcakes with vanilla butter cream icing," according to the server there. 7. Encouragement from the "Emperor" author: In comments to reporters after his opening speech at the conference, Siddhartha Mukherjee, author of "The Emperor of All Maladies" and "The Gene," struck an optimistic note. Cancer treatment is entering a promising, if challenging, adolescence, he said, and his fellow oncologists, after years of being hamstrung by a lack of technological tools and treatments, now have therapies to deploy in a "thoughtful, reasoned and compassionate way." Always keep in mind, Mukherjee urged the physicians, "what it feels like to be a patient in this world." The Washington Post | (0) Comments Join The Conversation Sign Up Login Most Read SEE MORE Aspiring Ontario model charged with first-degree murder Scientists have done what Einstein said was impossible — used relativity to measure a star’s mass Stelco: 1005 says yes in historic collective agreement vote ‘Just do it babe’: The suicide-encouraging text messages at the heart of a teen manslaughter trial Hamilton man, 71, charged with child abduction and attempted kidnapping In Your Neighbourhood Today Work because you want to, not because you have to Isn’t that the dream? Well, it’s totally possible and Jonathan Chevreau will show you how. CFO of... Create the perfect Easter planter For many, when Easter weekend rolls around, we are reminded that spring has arrived. The weather... ‘Bee’ a better gardener with TERRA It’s no secret that our bee populations have been dwindling over the recent years, but with the... Stock your first aid kit at Paramount Pharmasave Paramount Pharmasave in Stoney Creek carries an extensive range of health care products and... Legal Matters: Be a responsible host this Victoria Day weekend Question: I am having about 15-20 people over at my house for my annual May 2-4 “beers and bbq”... How to Prepare for a Bear Market I want to share a great analogy I heard recently, one that most Canadians can relate to… Being... 5 tips to make your rental living room Pinterest-worthy You may think beautiful living rooms in small living spaces exist only in magazines, but think... Saving Matters: For the Budding Professional University graduation seems like it was just yesterday, but your first day at your new job is... Spectrum Communications knows just what solution your company needs Spectrum Communications in Hamilton has been providing a wide range of specialized communication... Legal Matters: How detailed do life insurance applications need to be in order to qualify? Question: Having just completed a detailed questionnaire to apply for Life Insurance I realize... Legal Matters: Backyard pool safety Question: I am planning on installing a pool in my fenced backyard. What steps can I take to... OBSS Ortho-Shape Back: Jack's success story For an individual who relies entirely on a wheelchair for mobility, anything that increases comfort... Canadian Tire for children: Toys and games galore Kids of all ages will love the toys and games at Canadian Tire Hamilton Centre on Barton Street... Using a tax-free savings account versus an RRSP If you're trying to decide which is the best tax strategy for saving money that will also help... Decorate and secure your business with professional fencing Whether you need it for security or for purely aesthetic purposes, Crispline Fence Systems in... 5 great road trip destinations within Ontario to escape Toronto this spring and summer Think booking a flight is the only way to get a real vacation from the big city? Consider this:... Legal Matters: Accessibility in the workplace is a human right Employees with disabilities are protected from discrimination and harassment in Ontario. Despite... Burlington’s high energy meets a dynamic lifestyle at Paradigm Condos Beautifully set along the shores of Lake Ontario, Burlington exudes a sense of youthful optimism.... Garage sale gems to upgrade your apartment Decorating your rental apartment doesn't mean you need to buy designer trinkets or have a... Canadian Tire Hamilton Centre makes playtime for everybody All Canadian sports and pastimes come to life with the great sporting goods and leisure products at... SPONSORED CONTENT View More   Up to 71% off Fireworks $20 View Deal 95% off Prescription Eyeglasses $15 View Deal Up to 48% off Salt Cave Sessions $15 View Deal 58% off Chicken Strips $25 View Deal 50% off an Italian Dinner for 2 People $55 View Deal 50% off Indian Cuisine $10 View Deal 44% off Chicken Fingers $24 View Deal 53% off Exterior Window Cleaning $59 View Deal View All Deals MORE WORLD “You disappeared?” A wife seeks her husband missing in China Myanmar navy ship, fishermen find bodies in search for plane Fired FBI director Comey's testimony puts spotlight on Trump Polls open in UK election after campaign marred by attacks Iran says 5 Tehran attackers had fought for Islamic State TheSpec Info About Us Accessible Customer Service Policy Advertise With Us Become a Carrier Commenting Guidelines Commitment to Accessibility Contact Us Corporate Sales Eye on the Area Photo Submissions FAQ Manage My Subscription Mobile Newsletter Signup Print Editions Sitemap SpecStore.ca Staff Directory Today's Paper Work for Us Local Info Announcements Cars Classifieds Deals Jobs Real Estate Rentals Shopping Travel AutoCatch.com Community Sites BramptonGuardian.com BrantNews.com CambridgeTimes.ca FlamboroughReview.com GuelphMercuryTribune.com HamiltonNews.com InsideHalton.com Mississauga.com NiagaraThisWeek.com NorfolkNews.ca Sachem.ca TheRecord.com Resources GoldBook.ca InsuranceHotline.com LeaseBusters.com MetrolandStore.com Affiliates & Partners Toronto Star Toronto.com Metro Workopolis Metroland News | Advertising Terms | Terms of use | Corporate Privacy Policy © Copyright 2017 Metroland Media Group Ltd. All Rights Reserved
Sheila E., Gogol Bordello to headline Artscape 2017 Business 7 things doctors are buzzing about at the biggest cancer research meeting Laurie McGinley / The Washington Post Attendees at the American Society of Clinical Oncology convention at McCormick Place in Chicago. Attendees at the American Society of Clinical Oncology convention at McCormick Place in Chicago. (Laurie McGinley / The Washington Post) Laurie McGinleyWashington Post With 38,000 oncologists converging on the sprawling McCormick Place for the annual meeting of the American Society of Clinical Oncology, the halls in the convention center are as crowded as Manhattan sidewalks at Christmastime. Watch out or you'll get run over as attendees rush to the next meeting of the minds. The conference, which opened Friday and wraps up Tuesday, features hundreds of sessions and poster presentations ranging from the highly technical ("Predictive biomarkers of ipilimumab toxicity in metastatic melanoma") to tips for everyday practice ("Patient communication: Balancing hope versus reality"). While most of the topics are as serious as, well, cancer, there are some lighter moments. Here's a look at a few things that have been getting play: Targeting the combinations: Efforts to harness the immune system to fight cancer have yielded some big successes, but only in a minority of patients. The way to get the therapies to work in more people, researchers now say, is to use them in combination with something else. That means putting two immunotherapy medications together, or trying them with targeted therapies or conventional treatments such as chemotherapy and radiation. Those approaches have moved to center stage, though some researchers say they're a bit like throwing spaghetti at the wall to see what sticks. A new report by EP Vantage, a news service that covers the pharmaceuticals and biotech industries, counts 765 combination studies involving the most prominent kind of immunotherapy listed on the federal database ClinicalTrials.gov. That's more than triple the number 18 months ago. Merck's drug, Keytruda, leads the pack with a role in 268 combo studies. Roy Baynes, senior vice president and head of global clinical development at Merck Research Laboratories, is blunt about the state of knowledge: "We have no idea what the best combinations are," he said. "Anyone who tells you that they do is fibbing." Richard Pazdur, director of the Food and Drug Administration's Oncology Center of Excellence, said he's optimistic about the field. "They're trying everything under the sun, including chicken soup," he said. The looming "new epidemic": Partly because of the possibility of expensive combination therapies, many doctors are fretting about costs and whether their patients will be able to afford promising new drugs. Already, they say, some patients are taking a big financial hit to get what they need. "This is the new epidemic - people going under to pay for their drugs," said Scott Ramsey, director of the Hutchinson Institute for Cancer Outcomes Research at Fred Hutchinson Cancer Research Center in Seattle. Ramsey supports a "pay-for-performance" model in which drug prices are reduced if the treatments aren't as effective as touted. Also, he said, "We've got to allow insurers to say no when the price is too high and the benefit is too small. Otherwise, I don't know how we'll put pressure on the drug companies." A Windy City papered by drug ads: Pharmaceuticals ads decorate airport concourses, tucked between promotions for the Chicago Cubs and White Sox. They appear on huge downtown billboards, placards at bus stops and the little envelopes that hold hotel keys. And at hotels serving as "official" ASCO lodging, goody bags filled with drug-company pamphlets are delivered right to the doors of attendees who are checked in. Location, location, location - but maybe less for tumors: For the first time, the FDA recently approved a cancer drug for any malignancy based on tumors' genetic defects. At the meeting here, Loxo Oncology presented results that showed a drug called larotrectinib shrank tumors in 17 different cancers with a defect called a TRK fusion. The company plans to use the findings and other data to seek FDA approval for the therapy. If larotrectinib gets the nod, it will be another step forward for gearing treatments toward genetic characteristics rather than the parts of the body where tumors occur. Hitting harder at advanced prostate cancer: The latest clinical trial results showed that adding a Johnson & Johnson drug called Zytiga, or abiraterone, to standard hormone therapy for men with newly diagnosed advanced prostate cancer reduced their chance of death by about 40 percent. "This will clearly result in the earlier use of abiraterone and should spur rapid FDA approval for this additional indication," said Nancy Dawson, an oncologist at Georgetown Lombardi Comprehensive Cancer Center who was not involved in the research. The medication already is approved for men whose prostate cancer worsens during the standard hormone treatment. Lattes, cookies and pie pops: To lure doctors to their booths in the gigantic exhibit hall, pharmaceuticals companies have been offering free lattes and all kinds of snacks. Genentech hands out vanilla cookies with the company name emblazoned on the back in chocolate. Takeda Pharmaceuticals serves up Key lime pie pops, and AbbVie features "Madagascar vanilla bean mini cupcakes with vanilla butter cream icing," according to the server there. Encouragement from the "Emperor" author: In comments to reporters after his opening speech at the conference, Siddhartha Mukherjee, author of "The Emperor of All Maladies" and "The Gene," struck an optimistic note. Cancer treatment is entering a promising, if challenging, adolescence, he said, and his fellow oncologists, after years of being hamstrung by a lack of technological tools and treatments, now have therapies to deploy in a "thoughtful, reasoned and compassionate way." Always keep in mind, Mukherjee urged the physicians, "what it feels like to be a patient in this world." Privacy Policy Copyright © 2017, The Baltimore Sun, a Baltimore Sun Media Group publication | Place an Ad Drugs and Medicines Medical Research Cancer Chicago White Sox New research suggests random chance plays a bigger role in getting cancer Immunotherapy offers hope to certain cancer patients not responding to chemo Much shorter chemo works for many colon cancer patients, study says Breaking Sports Maryland Business Opinion Obits eNewspaper Advertising 66°
Thursday June 08, 2017 Search Subscribe Login Search Companies & Markets Finance Politics Opinion Specials Magazine Login Subscribe Immunotherapy breakthroughs premium Merck Pins Hopes on Cancer Drug Harnessing the body's own cells to fight tumors is the new frontier in cancer treatment, and the market is worth billions. Struggling Merck Group is keen to tap into it. By Siegfried Hofmann Published on 06. June 2017, 10:40 Why it matters Why it matters With its Bavencio and Keytruda products, the Merck Group is pushing hard to become a major player in developing immunotherapies against cancer. Facts Facts The idea of using the body’s immune system against cancer cells is more than a century old, but in the last decade, research breakthroughs have made new treatments a reality. Analysts estimate the worldwide market in immunotherapy treatments against cancer will be worth around $30 billion by the early 2020s. Germany’s Merck Group hopes that its drug Bavencio, co-developed with Pfizer, will be its first major pipeline success in many years and a major profit driver. Audio Audio LISTEN Pdf Drug companies hope that better understanding of how cancer cells "hide" in the body will open the way to better treatment. Source: Picture Alliance In recent years, immunotherapy against cancer has electrified pharmacological research like no other innovation. The idea that the body can be trained to recognize and fight cancer cells has triggered breakthroughs, but has also seen considerable setbacks. Now drug approvals are beginning to trickle through, and with billions of dollars flooding into research, hopes remain high for a revolution in cancer treatment. If the new treatments work as hoped, they will bring huge human benefits. And for successful innovators, they will likely be a rich source of profit. Germany’s Merck Group in particular is pinning hopes on this new wave of treatments. After a disastrous couple of decades, in which the company’s research pipeline produced few drugs of any value, Merck is optimistic that Bavencio, the immunotherapy drug it is co-developing with Pfizer, could drive a company renaissance. Merck’s CEO, Stephan Oschmann, feels he has a personal stake in the drug. A much retold story claims he spotted Bavencio’s potential six years ago, while on a visit to the company’s Boston research center. He is said to have personally intervened to guarantee initial funding. Want to keep reading? Subscribe now or log in to read our coverage of Europe’s leading economy. Subscribe now Login ADVERTISEMENT Article options Why it matters Why it matters With its Bavencio and Keytruda products, the Merck Group is pushing hard to become a major player in developing immunotherapies against cancer. Facts Facts The idea of using the body’s immune system against cancer cells is more than a century old, but in the last decade, research breakthroughs have made new treatments a reality. Analysts estimate the worldwide market in immunotherapy treatments against cancer will be worth around $30 billion by the early 2020s. Germany’s Merck Group hopes that its drug Bavencio, co-developed with Pfizer, will be its first major pipeline success in many years and a major profit driver. Audio Audio LISTEN Pdf Share This Article Similar articles that might interest you P&L Check premium Merck Shopping Spree Boosts Growth The world's oldest drug company has delivered solid growth through acquisitions, but needs to prove it can still expand once the tills stop ringing. Blockbuster Hopes premium Merck’s Potential Miracle Medicine A new drug to fight cancer could finally bring Merck, and its U.S. partner Pfizer, a new billion-dollar product – if Donald Trump and German politicians play along. PHARMA PRICING premium Merck Group CEO: We’re Not Afraid of Trump In an interview with Handelsblatt, Stefan Oschmann says he is confident the Trump administration will honor existing pricing arrangements with pharmaceutical companies. Akorn/Merck deals premium Fresenius Sees Big Money in Generics With its purchase of US generic drugmaker Akorn and a move into non-patented biotech drugs, healthcare giant Fresenius hopes to save billions at the same time as tapping into a new market worth tens of billions. Gene Technology premium Cutting Through the Code of Life New technology known as Crispr allows scientists to more easily manipulate the genetic code that is the basis for all life. The "gene scissors” are a medical miracle and an ethical quagmire, as well as the basis of some really big, new business. drug detours premium In Europe, Medicines Take a Winding Road A German journalist follows the path of a package of pills that has been reimported from Greece – and discovers a system of parallel imports throughout the European Union, a tortuous route that can lead to shortages and gouging. Cell therapy premium Fighting Cancer From Within German biotech firm Immatics has penned deals with a U.S. clinic and Munich pharma company as part of its quest to harness the immune system to fight cancer. Handelsblatt is your window to European business and politics. More than 260 journalists in 35 countries are dedicated to this mission. Every day, over a million people read Handelsblatt, the paper of record for the German business community. Handelsblatt is part of Dieter von Holtzbrinck Media, which also owns WirtschaftsWoche, the country’s most-read business weekly. Read the whole story Partner up with Handelsblatt Learn how Handelsblatt can help your company reach its communication targets The B2B Solution Read our imprint  Terms of Service and Data Protection Policy Newsletters Register Login Shop About us Frequently Asked Questions Advertise with us Customer Service: +49-211-8872727 · 8:00-18:00 CEST  service@handelsblattglobal.com Copyright © 2016 Handelsblatt GmbH. All Rights Reserved. COOKIE NOTIFICATION Handelsblatt Global uses cookies to make this website better. You can change your cookie settings at any time. Cookie Policy ALRIGHT
Health Search Search Visit for coverage from TIME, Health, Fortune and moreGo » On LeadingThis Is How Occidental Petroleum’s CEO Led Through a Crisis Donald TrumpPresident Trump’s Aides Are Urging Him Not to Fire Attorney General Jeff Sessions Comey testimonyWhat to Expect From James Comey’s Testimony UberUber’s Biggest Rival in India Says the Company Is ‘Despicable’ Roivant Sciences CEO Vivek Ramaswamy. Lisa Lake — Getty Images Biotech This 31-Year-Old Just Launched His 5th Biotech Company With a Boost From Merck Sy Mukherjee Jun 06, 2017 Vivek Ramaswamy has done it again. The 31-year-old hedge-funder-turned-biotech wunderkind—whose approach to drug research and development has earned him both plenty of skeptics and a place on Fortune's 2017 list of leaders who are changing health care—is launching his fifth biotech company, Urovant, which will focus on urological disorders like overactive bladder. "We are delighted to welcome another ‘Vant’ to our growing family of companies," said Ramaswamy in a statement. "Urologic conditions such as overactive bladder adversely impact millions of individuals, and the current treatment options are unsatisfactory for many patients. Our aim is to provide patients with better options as quickly as possible." Urovant has struck a licensing deal with Merck which will give it access to late-stage overactive bladder treatment vibegron. The condition afflicts about 33 million Americans in some shape or form, according to the Urology Care Foundation. Click here to subscribe to Brainstorm Health Daily, our brand new newsletter about health innovations. Ramaswamy is the founder and CEO of Roivant Sciences, which serves as an umbrella company for a variety of his life science outfits (which all end with the "Vant" moniker). He's probably best known outside the biopharma sphere for executing some of the most impressive biotech IPOs in recent memory, including the $315 million public offering for Alzheimer's and neurological disease-centered Axovant and a $218 million IPO for female health firm Myovant. (Skeptics argue that the model is unsustainable and creating massive valuations with little proof of ultimate success.) Roivant also encompasses two other companies concentrating on skin conditions and rare disease, both of which are still private. Former Medivation CEO David Hung (whose company was snatched up by Pfizer for its prostate cancer drug Xtandi last year) was hired as Axovant's new chief in April. Ramaswamy's modus operandi involves snatching up potentially promising experimental drugs that other companies (particularly big pharma firms) don't have the resources to take into clinical trials, aren't interested in because they don't match up with a drug portfolio strategy, or have been deemed too low-reward/high-risk, as he explained to Fortune in an interview last month. So what's next? If the past three years are any indication, even more licensing agreements, experimental drug acquisitions, and high-profile hires. Customer ServiceSite MapPrivacy PolicyAdvertisingAd ChoicesTerms of UseYour California Privacy RightsCareers © 2017 Time Inc. All rights reserved. All products and services featured are based solely on editorial selection. FORTUNE may receive compensation for some links to products and services on this website. Quotes delayed at least 15 minutes. Market data provided by Interactive Data. ETF and Mutual Fund data provided by Morningstar, Inc. Dow Jones Terms & Conditions: http://www.djindexes.com/mdsidx/html/tandc/indexestandcs.html. S&P Index data is the property of Chicago Mercantile Exchange Inc. and its licensors. All rights reserved. Terms & Conditions. Powered and implemented by Interactive Data Managed Solutions Subscribe Search Home Fortune 500 All Rankings Tech Leadership Venture Fortune Insiders Most Powerful Women Automotive Careers Energy & Environment Executive Travel Finance Health TIME Health International Looking Forward Retail Markets Magazine Newsletters Videos Fortune Conferences Follow FORTUNE Share Share on Facebook Post on Twitter Email this story Share on Reddit Share on Pinterest Share on LinkedIn
Home Magazine This Week's Edition Past Editions Investing Ideas Picks and Pans Mutual Funds/ETFs Hedge Funds Stocks Center Barron's Take Advisor Center Market Data Market Data Center Market Lab Economic Calendar Watchlist Penta Penta Magazine Penta Daily Penta Archives Next sign out Customer Center Newsletters & Alerts What are you searching for? Search Join NowAll Sections Sign InSearch Home Magazine Investing Ideas Advisor Center Market Data Penta Next VIEW ALL SEARCH RESULTS Have feedback on the new design? Reach out to online.editors@barrons.com This copy is for your personal, non-commercial use only. To order presentation-ready copies for distribution to your colleagues, clients or customers visit http://www.djreprints.com. http://www.barrons.com/articles/incyte-dont-worrybe-happy-1496767628 Stocks to Watch Incyte: Don’t Worry…Be Happy! Shares of this closely-watched drug maker fell again Tuesday after data release at a major medical conference about its experiential cancer therapy raised questions. But an analyst with Credit Suisse isn't concerned. Here's why. By Johanna Bennett June 6, 2017 12:47 p.m. ET Text Size Regular Medium Large Shares of the cancer drug maker Incyte (INCY) fell again today, as investors continued to show their disappointment over the drug trial updates the company released at the annual ASCO conference over the weekend. Illustration: BRENDAN SMIALOWSKI/AFP/GettyImages At a recent $122.27, the shares have lost 1.4% in recent market action. Yet Credit Suisse analyst Alethia Young argues that investors should look at the “totality” of data released regarding Incyte’s experimental drug epacadostat. Young calls it “compelling” and predicts that the drug “could play a major role in the emerging immuno-oncology landscape.” Over the course of the meeting, we saw additional data across multiple tumor types supporting the activity epacadostat. Importantly, responses were seen regardless of PDL1 expression which suggests epacadostat, if successful in Phase 3, could significantly expand the number of patients who could benefit from IO therapies. There was a lot of excitement around the data at the meeting. At this data cut, we saw a few complete responses in various tumor types which were an improvement from the abstract. Young is no doubt trying to reassure investors after the hit Incyte’s share price took on Monday. In fact, the drug maker was the S&P 500’s biggest loser after questions arose about data released Saturday for a study testing epacadostat in combination with Merck’s (MRK) immuno-cancer drug Keytruda. It was reported that Incyte excluded data from three patients who became eligible for evaluation after the study’s abstract was posted, and who might have altered the response rate figure. Credit Suisse's Young is not concerned. From the questions we received from investors we think stock may be down due to the controversy around "missing data" but we think there is some confusion and are not concerned by this. Specifically, in some of the datasets the patients evaluable for safety measurements is larger than the number of patients evaluable for efficacy measurements. This is due to the fact that the efficacy cut off was made for analysis in Oct 2016 for some of the indications that were still enrolling. We would always like to see more data, but we think the dataset presented at the meeting gave us confidence that we probably shouldn’t expect significant variance from the unconfirmed patients. However, the patients who have been dosed since the fall were included in the safety reported in some of the datasets but not efficacy. It seems that cut off was a company decision and they adhered pretty strictly to that cut off time point for all trials which were still enrolling. We are interested whether and when the company will update the data since that could put the debate to rest. Incyte is the closest to market with a new type of immuno-oncology therapy known as an IDO1 inhibitor. The drug, called epacadostat, has captured the attention of investors and some of the world’s largest drug makers. Both Merck and bitter rival Bristol-Myers Squibb (BMY) have big plans for a string of late-stage clinical trials testing their own blockbuster drugs in combination with epacadostat on a variety of tumors. The rash of deal making and the promise of epacadostat, not to mention it’s multiple pipeline drugs, led Barron’s to weigh in positively on Incyte back in April. We suggest giving the stock more time to pan out. Text Size Regular Medium Large ASCO immuno-oncology Incyte biotechnology cancer Johanna Bennett johanna.bennett@barrons.com • @pokerjo1994 PREVIOUS Perrigo: As the Revolving Door Spins NEXT Kraft Heinz: Making It Up as It Goes Along? Most Popular What Could Go Wrong? Dow Gains 35 Points Ahead of Thursday Thriller Nvidia, AMD are for Ethereum Mining, Not Bitcoin, Says RBC The Market Shows Relief Over Comey Testimony India IT: Heads Up … Layoffs Ahead Why Pandora Tanked Today Join NowSign In Customer Center Membership Tools Also From Barron's Customer CenterCustomer CenterContact UsLive Help MembershipSubscribe to Barron'sActivate Your Digital AccessCollege Program ToolsEmail NewslettersVideo CenterWatchlist Also From Barron'sAdvertisingConferencesReprints Follow Us Download Barron’s Apps Apple iOSAndroid Privacy Policy Cookie Policy Copyright Policy Data Policy Your Ad Choices Subscriber Agreement & Terms of Use Copyright ©2017 Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All Rights Reserved. Copyright 2016 Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All Rights Reserved This copy is for your personal, non-commercial use only. Distribution and use of this material are governed by our Subscriber Agreement and by copyright law. For non-personal use or to order multiple copies, please contact Dow Jones Reprints at 1-800-843-0008 or visit www.djreprints.com.
Latest News Dow 21,164 -10.08 -0.05% Nasdaq 6,286 -11.13 -0.18% S&P 500 2,430 -2.91 -0.12% 9:49 A.M. ET Updated Need an antidote to the Triple Threat? This unloved stock is poised for revival 9:48 A.M. ET James Comey testifies at blockbuster hearing in Senate: live blog and video 9:46 A.M. ET Updated U.S. jobless claims remain near lowest level in decades 9:40 A.M. ET Breaking Nasdaq Composite turns negative after briefly setting an intraday record in morning trade 9:35 A.M. ET Alibaba's stock soars toward record price gain, adding over $41 billion to market cap 9:34 A.M. ET CCTV Shows Police Shooting London Bridge Attackers 9:34 A.M. ET Updated Euro retreats from 6-month high after ECB comments 9:34 A.M. ET Updated This city is helping its employees pay off their student loans 9:32 A.M. ET U.S. stocks open flat as investors look ahead to U.K. election, Comey testimony 9:32 A.M. ET S&P 500, Dow trade at break-even levels at the open, ahead of Comey testimony 9:31 A.M. ET Breaking Nasdaq Composite touches intraday record at the open 6,311.89 9:30 A.M. ET Breaking Stock market opens slightly higher on jam-packed Thursday 9:30 A.M. ET Coastal and Cosmopolitan Valencia Attracts Expats 9:26 A.M. ET Pandora extends pre-closing period in KKR investment, exploring alternatives 9:25 A.M. ET ECB live blog recap: Mario Draghi takes ‘baby step’ toward cutting stimulus 9:21 A.M. ET Updated Comey’s juicy Trump account leaves some big questions unanswered 9:18 A.M. ET Draghi concludes ECB news conference 9:14 A.M. ET Updated Stock market set to open slightly higher as ‘Super Thursday’ gets under way 9:13 A.M. ET Updated Why house prices in gay neighborhoods are soaring 9:12 A.M. ET Pandora shares up 2% in premarket after extending pre-closing period in KKR investment Log In Home News Viewer Video SectorWatch Podcasts First Take Games Portfolio My MarketWatch News Viewer Markets U.S. Europe/Middle East Emerging Markets Asia Canada SectorWatch Columns Market Snapshot Movers & Shakers The Tell Currencies Futures Movers Pre-Market News Tools Earnings Wall Markets Overview IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar Currency Tools Futures Contracts Market Screener Hulbert Interactive Investing Stocks Mutual Funds ETFs Options Bonds Commodities Currencies Futures Financial Adviser Center Hedge Funds/Insider Trades Getting Started MarketWatch Adviser Columns Options Trader Revolution Investing Tools Stock Screener Funds Finder ETF Screener Options Screener IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar More... Personal Finance 10 Things Big Spender Real Estate Spending & Saving Taxes Columns The Moneyologist Brett Arends Bill Bischoff Amy Hoak Chuck Jaffe Jennifer Openshaw Jennifer Waters Tools Funds Finder Today's Rates Retirement Retire Here, Not There Encore Taxes How-to Guides Social Security Estate Planning Events Columns Robert Powell's Retirement Portfolio Andrea Coombes's Working Retirement Tools Retirement Planner How long will my money last? Economy Federal Reserve Capitol Report Economic Report Columns Darrell Delamaide Irwin Kellner Rex Nutting Tools Economic Calendar Real Estate realtor.com My MarketWatch Watchlist Alerts Games Log In Home Investing Stocks Jeff Reeves's Strength in Numbers Get email alerts Opinion: Beyond tech: How other sectors are driving the stock market By Jeff Reeves Published: June 6, 2017 4:24 p.m. ET Share Four other sectors are outperformers — and energy is a big drag Getty Images Consumers are driving the stock market. By JeffReeves Columnist In 2017, many money managers have chased outperformance by overreliance on high-flying tech names. “Hedge funds have 25% net exposure to Tech while large-cap core and growth mutual funds have 22% and 37% allocations, respectively,” noted Goldman Sachs in a note to clients. And no wonder, with picks like Apple AAPL, -0.53%   and Facebook FB, +0.16%   both up over 30% this year through Tuesday morning, while the broader S&P 500, which has a 23.2% weighting in tech, is up a far more modest 8.7%. But will that trend continue over the coming months, particularly after an ominous downgrade to Apple stock this week? And for those of us who aren’t active traders and looking for long-term returns with a diversified portfolio, what the heck is going on in the other 10 market sectors? Here’s a big-picture look at what’s driving the market outside the hot tech stocks: Health care: Up 13% YTD Health-care stocks are the second-biggest share of the S&P 500, making up 13.9% of the index. And while the tech sector’s surge gets the most attention, investors shouldn’t overlook this sector’s outperformance in 2017; the Vanguard Health Care ETF VHT, -0.14% is up 13% year-to-date. While there is still uncertainty about the prospect of health-care reforms in Washington, earnings growth in biotech stocks and the combination of stability and income in the megacaps has kept this sector in favor. Largest components: •Johnson & Johnson JNJ, -0.01% with $350 billion market capitalization, up 13.7% year to date •Pfizer PFE, -0.05% $190 billion market cap, down 0.7% •Merck & Co. MRK, -0.89% $180 billion market cap, up 10.3% •UnitedHealth Group UNH, -0.31% $170 billion market cap, up 12.4% •Amgen AMGN, +0.25% $120 billion market cap, up 9.9% Financials: Up 0.1% YTD Financials are closely behind health care with a 13.7% weighting in the S&P, but the sector hasn’t delivered consistent returns. After a big run-up after Election Day on the hopes of less regulatory red tape, stumbles with the Republican agenda in Washington have resulted in a 7.2% decline in the Vanguard Financials ETF VFH, +0.80%  since March 1. The sector has now given up almost all of the gains made earlier in the year. Largest components: •Berkshire Hathaway BRK.A, +0.17% BRK.B, +0.10% $410 billion market cap, up 2% •J.P. Morgan Chase JPM, +1.28% $290 billion market cap, down 4.1% •Wells Fargo & Co. WFC, +0.58% $260 billion market cap, down 6.2% •Bank of America BAC, +1.57% $220 billion market cap, up 0.6% •Citigroup C, +1.33% $170 billion market cap, up 2.6% Consumer discretionary: Up 12.1% YTD Another big driver of the market is the consumer discretionary sector, which accounts for 12.5% of the S&P 500. Thanks to hopes of economic growth and tax cuts out of Washington, the sector has notched 12.1% gains in 2017 as measured by the Vanguard Consumer Discretionary ETF VCR, -0.04% While consumer confidence has been softer in recent weeks, it did notch a 16-year high in March to show that spending is very strong in 2017. Largest components: •Amazon.com AMZN, -0.17% $490 billion market cap, up 35.4% •Comcast CMCSA, -1.44% $200 billion market cap, up 21.0% •Home Depot HD, -0.32% $190 billion market cap, up 15.1% •Walt Disney DIS, -0.92% $170 billion market cap, up 1.6% •McDonald’s MCD, -0.27% $130 billion market cap, up 25.1% Industrials: Up 7.0% YTD Making up about 10.2% of the S&P, industrials are a modest driver of market performance. As a group they are hard to pin down given the variety of companies in this sector. General hopes of a recovery have boosted subgroups such as home builders, while aerospace names have benefitted from talks of a bigger Defense Department budget. The net result is a 7.0% gain this year as measured by the Vanguard Industrials ETF VIS, +0.04% Largest components: •General Electric GE, +0.31% $240 billion market cap, down 11.5% •3M MMM, -0.23% $120 billion market cap, up 15.3% •Boeing BA, -0.01% $120 billion market cap, up 21% •Honeywell International HON, -0.16% $100 billion market cap, up 15.0% •United Technologies UTX, -0.43% $100 billion market cap, up 9.6% Consumer staples: Up 9.7% YTD Making up 9.4% of the S&P pie and often seen as sleepy defensive plays, staples don’t get much press in a “risk on” environment. But the sector is up 9.7% year-to-date as measured by the Vanguard Consumer Staples ETF VDC, -0.30% That’s partially because of some hard-fought growth for select names, but also because these stocks remain a haven for investors looking for less risk and bigger yields than they’ll find in the bond market. Top components: •Wal-Mart Stores WMT, +0.35% $240 billion market cap, +14.6% •Procter & Gamble PG, -0.33% $230 billion market cap, up 5.6% •Coca-Cola KO, -0.40% $200 billion market cap, up 10.9% •Philip Morris International PM, -0.79% $190 billion market cap, up 33.3% •PepsiCo PEP, -0.46% $170 billion market cap, up 12.6% Energy: Down 15% YTD One way active managers have tapped into outperformance is by biasing toward the clear gains in tech. Another path is to move away from the clear pain in energy amid weak crude-oil prices CLN7, -0.55%  and flat global demand. The sector doesn’t have the heft of other sectors — it’s just 6.0% of the S&P 500 and has only three components with stock-market capitalizations over $60 billion. But the 15% decline this year, as measured by the Vanguard Energy ETF VDE, +0.11% has depressed the S&P’s overall gain. Largest components: •Exxon Mobil XOM, -0.08% $330 billion market cap, down 10.7% •Chevron CVX, +0.21% $190 billion market cap, down 12.1% •Schlumberger SLB, +0.15% $90 billion market cap, down 17.8% •ConocoPhillips COP, +0.01% $50 billion market cap, down 12.3% •EOG Resources EOG, +0.08% $50 billion market cap, down 11.9% Read: What if Trump kills car-emissions standards after the Paris climate decision? Utilities: Up 10.7% YTD Much like staples, utilities don’t get a lot of love in a bull market but remain highly sought after by investors looking for stable sources of dividends. As a result, the sector is up 10.7% year-to-date as measured by the Vanguard Utilities ETF VPU, -0.62% Bears continue to fret about stretched valuations and the risk of rising interest rates driving money away from utilities and into traditional fixed-income assets, but that clearly hasn’t happened yet this year. Tthe sector is a mere 3.3% of the broader S&P 500 and has no stock over $70 billion in market capitalization. Largest components: •NextEra Energy NEE, -0.52% $70 billion market cap, up 19.0% •Duke Energy DUK, -0.62% $60 billion market cap, up 10.5% •Dominion Energy D, -0.85% $50 billion market cap, up 5.2% •Southern Co. SO, -0.55% $50 billion market cap, up 3.2% •American Electric Power AEP, -0.44% $40 billion market cap, up 15.0% Real estate: Up 0.1% YTD Added as its own sector in 2016, real estate and REITs remain a pretty small sliver of the broader stock market; with only one stock valued at more than $35 billion, real estate makes up just 2.9% of the S&P. Of course, it’s hard to get bigger when interest-rate sensitive REITs are under pressure as the Federal Reserve continues to move toward tighter monetary policy. As rates rise, increasing the cost of borrowing for this capital-intensive sector, investors continue to tread lightly, as seen by the performance of the Vanguard REIT Index Fund VNQ, -0.71% While there are a few winners this year, the sector as a whole remains under pressure. Largest components: •Simon Property Group SPG, -0.48% $50 billion market cap, down 14.4% •Equinix EQIX, -0.85% $30 billion market cap, up 24.9% •Public Storage PSA, -0.69% $40 billion market cap, down 6% •Prologis PLD, -1.15% $30 billion market cap, up 7.1% •AvalonBay Communities AVB, -0.56% $40 billion market cap, up 11.4% Materials: Up 7.3% Given weaker global demand for materials and a strong U.S. dollar holding back commodity prices, materials stocks have been chronic underperformers for the past few years. However, the sector stabilized after Election Day on the hopes of stronger economy that would boost demand for chemicals, base metals and other materials. As a result, the Vanguard Materials ETF VAW, +0.11% is up 7.3% so far this year. The sector is the second-smallest slice of the S&P at a weighting of just 2.8%. Largest components: •Dow Chemical DOW, -0.15% $80 billion market cap, up 10.7% •E.l. DuPont de Nemours DD, +0.01% $70 billion market cap, up 10.1% •Monsanto MON, +0.00% $50 billion market cap, up 11.6% •Praxair PX, -0.80% $40 billion market cap, up 13.9% •Ecolab ECL, -0.41%  , $40 billion market cap, up 13.6% Telecom: Down 4.4% YTD This is the smallest segment of the S&P 500, accounting for just 2.2% of the total and with only about two dozen members. Investors who dig in to the sector will find some struggling behemoths who are watching the old world disrupted by newer (and often lower-margin) communication alternatives. The smaller players have seen a lift in 2017 on hopes of a buyout, but pain at the two top dogs that command over $400 billion in collective stock-market value makes any modest gains by smaller-tier stocks little more than a rounding error in the performance of the broader market. The Vanguard Telecommunication Services ETF VOX, +0.12%  has fallen 4.4% so far this year. Largest components: •AT&T T, -0.18% $240 billion market cap, down 8.9% •Verizon Communications VZ, -0.17% $190 billion market cap, down 12.9% •T-Mobile US TMUS, -0.38% $60 billion market cap, up 17% •Level 3 Communications LVLT, +0.05% $20 billion market cap, up 9.7% •CenturyLink CTL, +0.06% $15 billion market cap, up 8.4% More from MarketWatch U.K. election: The worst, best and most likely scenarios for stocks worldwide Need an antidote to the Triple Threat? This unloved stock is poised for revival This is why the Midwest will be the hottest retirement destination Quote References AAPL -0.82 -0.53% FB +0.24 +0.16% VHT -0.20 -0.14% JNJ -0.01 -0.01% PFE -0.01 -0.05% MRK -0.57 -0.89% UNH -0.56 -0.31% AMGN +0.41 +0.25% VFH +0.48 +0.80% BRK.A +428.00 +0.17% BRK.B +0.16 +0.10% JPM +1.07 +1.28% WFC +0.30 +0.58% BAC +0.36 +1.57% C +0.83 +1.33% VCR -0.06 -0.04% AMZN -1.70 -0.17% CMCSA -0.60 -1.44% HD -0.50 -0.32% DIS -0.97 -0.92% MCD -0.41 -0.27% VIS +0.05 +0.04% GE +0.09 +0.31% MMM -0.48 -0.23% BA -0.01 -0.01% HON -0.21 -0.16% UTX -0.52 -0.43% VDC -0.44 -0.30% WMT +0.28 +0.35% PG -0.29 -0.33% KO -0.18 -0.40% PM -0.97 -0.79% PEP -0.54 -0.46% CLN7 -0.25 -0.55% VDE +0.10 +0.11% XOM -0.06 -0.08% CVX +0.22 +0.21% SLB +0.10 +0.15% COP +0.01 +0.01% EOG +0.07 +0.08% VPU -0.73 -0.62% NEE -0.74 -0.52% DUK -0.53 -0.62% D -0.68 -0.85% SO -0.28 -0.55% AEP -0.32 -0.44% VNQ -0.59 -0.71% SPG -0.75 -0.48% EQIX -3.74 -0.85% PSA -1.45 -0.69% PLD -0.65 -1.15% AVB -1.10 -0.56% VAW +0.13 +0.11% DOW -0.09 -0.15% DD +0.01 +0.01% MON +0.00 +0.00% PX -1.07 -0.80% ECL -0.55 -0.41% VOX +0.12 +0.12% T -0.07 -0.18% VZ -0.08 -0.17% TMUS -0.25 -0.38% LVLT +0.03 +0.05% CTL +0.02 +0.06% Show all references Most Popular Why house prices in gay neighborhoods are soaring Stock market set to open slightly higher as ‘Super Thursday’ gets under way Bill Gross warns U.S. market risk is at highest since 2008 crisis Four big events that are prompting investors to sell stocks and buy bonds and gold Women and Alcohol: One Glass a Day Linked to Cancer Data Provided By Today's Interest Rates Mortgage Equity Savings Auto Credit Cards 30 yr fixed Jumbo 4.18% 30 yr fixed 3.75% 15 yr fixed 3.01% 10 yr fixed 2.88% 30 yr fixed refi 3.73% 15 yr fixed refi 3.01% 5/1 ARM 3.14% 5/1 ARM refi 3.24% National averages from Bankrate.com $30K HELOC 4.89% $50K HELOC 4.76% $75K HELOC 4.75% $100K HELOC 4.54% $30K Home Equity Loan 5.23% $50K Home Equity Loan 4.68% $75K Home Equity Loan 4.66% $100K Home Equity Loan 4.89% National averages from Bankrate.com 5 yr CD 1.33% 2 yr CD 0.81% 1 yr CD 0.66% MMA $10K+ 0.3% MMA $50K+ 0.41% MMA Savings 0.34% MMA Savings Jumbo 0.44% National averages from Bankrate.com 60 Mo Used Car 3.57% 48 Mo Used Car 3.5% 36 Mo Used Car 3.61% 72 Mo New Car 3.04% 60 Mo New Car 3.22% 48 Mo New Car 3.07% 60 Mo Auto Refi 2.97% 36 Mo Auto Refi 2.65% National averages from Bankrate.com Avg. APR Last Week 6 Months Low Interest 12.73% 12.73% 12.00% Business 13.66% 13.66% 13.16% Student 14.04% 14.04% 13.42% Balance Transfer 15.13% 15.13% 14.41% Airline 15.77% 15.77% 15.15% Reward 15.86% 15.85% 15.25% Cash Back 15.99% 15.99% 15.33% Instant Approval 18.32% 18.30% 17.86% Bad Credit 23.23% 23.23% 22.86% Source: CreditCards.com Jeff Reeves Jeff Reeves is the editor of InvestorPlace.com. Follow him on Twitter @JeffReevesIP. Jeff Reeves Jeff Reeves is the editor of InvestorPlace.com. Follow him on Twitter @JeffReevesIP. We Want to Hear from You Join the conversation Comment Sponsored Headlines MarketWatch Site Index Topics Help Feedback Newsroom Roster Media Archive Premium Products Mobile Company Company Info Code of Conduct Corrections Advertising Media Kit Advertise Locally Reprints & Licensing Broker Center Your Ad Choices Dow Jones Network WSJ.com Barron's Online BigCharts Virtual Stock Exchange Financial News London WSJ.com Small Business realtor.com Mansion Global Back to Top Copyright ©2017 MarketWatch, Inc. All rights reserved. By using this site you agree to the Terms of Service, Privacy Policy, and Cookie Policy. Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real-time last sale data for U.S. stock quotes reflect trades reported through Nasdaq only. Intraday data delayed at least 15 minutes or per exchange requirements. Advanced Search Stocks Columns Authors Topics No results found Apple Inc. U.S.: Nasdaq: AAPL $154.55 -0.82 (-0.53%) Volume 2.7M Open $155.25 High $155.54 Low $154.46 P/E Ratio 18.16 Div Yield 1.62 Market Cap 810.1B Facebook Inc. Cl A U.S.: Nasdaq: FB $153.36 +0.24 (+0.16%) Volume 2.1M Open $154.08 High $154.50 Low $153.25 P/E Ratio 40.75 Div Yield 0 Market Cap 443.7B Vanguard Health Care ETF U.S.: NYSE Arca: VHT $143.06 -0.20 (-0.14%) Volume 90054 Open $143.25 High $143.45 Low $143.06 P/E Ratio 0 Div Yield 1.24 Market Cap N/A Johnson & Johnson U.S.: NYSE: JNJ $130.74 -0.01 (-0.01%) Volume 625.8K Open $131.00 High $131.40 Low $130.65 P/E Ratio 22.04 Div Yield 2.56 Market Cap 352.2B Pfizer Inc. U.S.: NYSE: PFE $31.99 -0.01 (-0.05%) Volume 2.7M Open $32.06 High $32.10 Low $31.97 P/E Ratio 27.01 Div Yield 4 Market Cap 191.0B Merck & Co. Inc. U.S.: NYSE: MRK $63.49 -0.57 (-0.89%) Volume 984.3K Open $64.24 High $64.25 Low $63.48 P/E Ratio 41.15 Div Yield 2.94 Market Cap 175.2B UnitedHealth Group Inc. U.S.: NYSE: UNH $182.65 -0.56 (-0.31%) Volume 213.6K Open $183.34 High $183.76 Low $182.62 P/E Ratio 22.83 Div Yield 1.64 Market Cap 176.6B Amgen Inc. U.S.: Nasdaq: AMGN $162.07 +0.41 (+0.25%) Volume 238.8K Open $161.98 High $162.30 Low $161.41 P/E Ratio 15.35 Div Yield 2.85 Market Cap 119.0B Vanguard Financials ETF U.S.: NYSE Arca: VFH $60.36 +0.48 (+0.80%) Volume 28626 Open $59.90 High $60.38 Low $59.84 P/E Ratio 0 Div Yield 0.98 Market Cap N/A Berkshire Hathaway Inc. Cl A U.S.: NYSE: BRK.A $250,049.00 +428.00 (+0.17%) Volume 35 Open $249,500 High $250,200 Low $249,500 P/E Ratio 18.23 Div Yield 0 Market Cap 410.7B Berkshire Hathaway Inc. Cl B U.S.: NYSE: BRK.B $166.66 +0.16 (+0.10%) Volume 332.9K Open $166.35 High $166.75 Low $166.23 P/E Ratio 18.23 Div Yield 0 Market Cap 410.7B JPMorgan Chase & Co. U.S.: NYSE: JPM $84.98 +1.07 (+1.28%) Volume 1.3M Open $83.91 High $85.06 Low $83.89 P/E Ratio 12.98 Div Yield 2.37 Market Cap 298.1B Wells Fargo & Co. U.S.: NYSE: WFC $52.39 +0.30 (+0.58%) Volume 1.8M Open $52.00 High $52.49 Low $51.88 P/E Ratio 13.02 Div Yield 2.92 Market Cap 260.3B Bank of America Corp. U.S.: NYSE: BAC $22.96 +0.36 (+1.57%) Volume 6.5M Open $22.62 High $23.00 Low $22.60 P/E Ratio 14.36 Div Yield 1.32 Market Cap 224.9B Citigroup Inc. U.S.: NYSE: C $62.71 +0.83 (+1.33%) Volume 1.3M Open $61.84 High $62.74 Low $61.72 P/E Ratio 12.47 Div Yield 1.03 Market Cap 170.4B Vanguard Consumer Discretionary ETF U.S.: NYSE Arca: VCR $143.79 -0.06 (-0.04%) Volume 3507 Open $143.95 High $144.20 Low $143.40 P/E Ratio 0 Div Yield 1.15 Market Cap N/A Amazon.com Inc. U.S.: Nasdaq: AMZN $1,008.37 -1.70 (-0.17%) Volume 413.4K Open $1,012 High $1,014 Low $1,006 P/E Ratio 190.08 Div Yield 0 Market Cap 482.8B Comcast Corp. Cl A U.S.: Nasdaq: CMCSA $41.29 -0.60 (-1.44%) Volume 1.5M Open $41.81 High $41.90 Low $41.27 P/E Ratio 22.17 Div Yield 1.51 Market Cap 198.6B Home Depot Inc. U.S.: NYSE: HD $154.46 -0.50 (-0.32%) Volume 284.6K Open $155.16 High $155.23 Low $154.35 P/E Ratio 23.17 Div Yield 2.3 Market Cap 185.3B Walt Disney Co. U.S.: NYSE: DIS $104.95 -0.97 (-0.92%) Volume 580.6K Open $105.47 High $105.56 Low $104.93 P/E Ratio 18.33 Div Yield 1.48 Market Cap 167.5B McDonald's Corp. U.S.: NYSE: MCD $151.53 -0.41 (-0.27%) Volume 247.5K Open $152.00 High $152.15 Low $151.53 P/E Ratio 26.85 Div Yield 2.47 Market Cap 123.8B Vanguard Industrials ETF U.S.: NYSE Arca: VIS $127.10 +0.05 (+0.04%) Volume 2893 Open $127.12 High $127.27 Low $127.05 P/E Ratio 0 Div Yield 1.71 Market Cap N/A General Electric Co. U.S.: NYSE: GE $27.77 +0.09 (+0.31%) Volume 2.5M Open $27.66 High $27.82 Low $27.59 P/E Ratio 25.48 Div Yield 3.47 Market Cap 241.1B 3M Co. U.S.: NYSE: MMM $204.53 -0.48 (-0.23%) Volume 124.9K Open $204.84 High $205.24 Low $204.53 P/E Ratio 24.81 Div Yield 2.29 Market Cap 122.5B Boeing Co. U.S.: NYSE: BA $188.09 -0.01 (-0.01%) Volume 180.1K Open $188.10 High $188.64 Low $187.70 P/E Ratio 23.01 Div Yield 3.02 Market Cap 113.5B Honeywell International Inc. U.S.: NYSE: HON $132.51 -0.21 (-0.16%) Volume 143.6K Open $132.33 High $133.27 Low $132.15 P/E Ratio 21.04 Div Yield 2 Market Cap 101.2B United Technologies Corp. U.S.: NYSE: UTX $119.26 -0.52 (-0.43%) Volume 236.3K Open $119.30 High $119.69 Low $119.10 P/E Ratio 18.61 Div Yield 2.21 Market Cap 96.0B Vanguard Consumer Staples ETF U.S.: NYSE Arca: VDC $146.13 -0.44 (-0.30%) Volume 3966 Open $146.48 High $146.48 Low $146.13 P/E Ratio 0 Div Yield 2.28 Market Cap N/A Wal-Mart Stores Inc. U.S.: NYSE: WMT $79.43 +0.28 (+0.35%) Volume 824.4K Open $79.58 High $80.13 Low $79.42 P/E Ratio 18.08 Div Yield 2.56 Market Cap 238.6B Procter & Gamble Co. U.S.: NYSE: PG $88.48 -0.29 (-0.33%) Volume 538.1K Open $88.58 High $88.80 Low $88.42 P/E Ratio 25.23 Div Yield 3.11 Market Cap 227.0B Coca-Cola Co. U.S.: NYSE: KO $45.33 -0.18 (-0.40%) Volume 998.0K Open $45.39 High $45.51 Low $45.28 P/E Ratio 31.78 Div Yield 3.26 Market Cap 194.4B Philip Morris International Inc. U.S.: NYSE: PM $121.33 -0.97 (-0.79%) Volume 317.9K Open $121.85 High $122.00 Low $120.98 P/E Ratio 26.92 Div Yield 3.42 Market Cap 189.9B PepsiCo Inc. U.S.: NYSE: PEP $116.51 -0.54 (-0.46%) Volume 286.4K Open $116.86 High $117.08 Low $116.28 P/E Ratio 25.2 Div Yield 2.76 Market Cap 167.2B Crude Oil - Electronic Jul 2017 U.S.: Nymex: CLN7 $45.47 -0.25 (-0.55%) Volume 368.9K Open $45.85 High $46.18 Low $45.20 P/E Ratio 0 Div Yield 0 Market Cap N/A Vanguard Energy ETF U.S.: NYSE Arca: VDE $88.83 +0.10 (+0.11%) Volume 146.3K Open $88.33 High $89.06 Low $88.33 P/E Ratio 0 Div Yield 2.65 Market Cap N/A Exxon Mobil Corp. U.S.: NYSE: XOM $80.85 -0.06 (-0.08%) Volume 936.2K Open $80.51 High $81.08 Low $80.49 P/E Ratio 33.8 Div Yield 3.81 Market Cap 342.8B Chevron Corp. U.S.: NYSE: CVX $103.99 +0.22 (+0.21%) Volume 467.0K Open $103.44 High $104.21 Low $103.44 P/E Ratio 67.81 Div Yield 4.16 Market Cap 196.6B Schlumberger Ltd. U.S.: NYSE: SLB $68.77 +0.10 (+0.15%) Volume 486.7K Open $68.37 High $69.11 Low $68.37 P/E Ratio 0 Div Yield 2.91 Market Cap 95.4B ConocoPhillips U.S.: NYSE: COP $43.57 +0.01 (+0.01%) Volume 640.7K Open $43.26 High $43.85 Low $43.20 P/E Ratio 0 Div Yield 2.44 Market Cap 53.9B EOG Resources Inc. U.S.: NYSE: EOG $88.22 +0.07 (+0.08%) Volume 310.9K Open $87.63 High $88.75 Low $87.63 P/E Ratio 0 Div Yield 0.76 Market Cap 50.9B Vanguard Utilities ETF U.S.: NYSE Arca: VPU $117.87 -0.73 (-0.62%) Volume 7037 Open $118.51 High $118.51 Low $117.87 P/E Ratio 0 Div Yield 3.16 Market Cap N/A NextEra Energy Inc. U.S.: NYSE: NEE $141.84 -0.74 (-0.52%) Volume 146.5K Open $142.58 High $142.58 Low $141.64 P/E Ratio 17.31 Div Yield 2.77 Market Cap 66.8B Duke Energy Corp. U.S.: NYSE: DUK $85.56 -0.53 (-0.62%) Volume 158.4K Open $85.98 High $86.02 Low $85.25 P/E Ratio 27.35 Div Yield 3.99 Market Cap 60.3B Dominion Energy Inc. U.S.: NYSE: D $79.78 -0.68 (-0.85%) Volume 170.3K Open $80.37 High $80.43 Low $79.72 P/E Ratio 22.45 Div Yield 3.77 Market Cap 50.6B Southern Co. U.S.: NYSE: SO $50.73 -0.28 (-0.55%) Volume 248.1K Open $50.90 High $50.90 Low $50.68 P/E Ratio 19.04 Div Yield 4.56 Market Cap 50.7B American Electric Power Co. Inc. U.S.: NYSE: AEP $72.30 -0.32 (-0.44%) Volume 158.7K Open $72.65 High $72.65 Low $72.15 P/E Ratio 50.7 Div Yield 3.26 Market Cap 35.7B Vanguard REIT ETF U.S.: NYSE Arca: VNQ $82.70 -0.59 (-0.71%) Volume 214.5K Open $83.32 High $83.32 Low $82.65 P/E Ratio 0 Div Yield 2.87 Market Cap N/A Simon Property Group Inc. U.S.: NYSE: SPG $154.52 -0.75 (-0.48%) Volume 85834 Open $155.32 High $156.54 Low $154.31 P/E Ratio 27.4 Div Yield 4.52 Market Cap 48.5B Equinix Inc. U.S.: Nasdaq: EQIX $436.95 -3.74 (-0.85%) Volume 18072 Open $441.75 High $441.87 Low $436.51 P/E Ratio 160.12 Div Yield 1.82 Market Cap 34.3B Public Storage U.S.: NYSE: PSA $208.42 -1.45 (-0.69%) Volume 114.3K Open $210.00 High $210.48 Low $208.23 P/E Ratio 29.77 Div Yield 3.82 Market Cap 36.5B Prologis Inc. U.S.: NYSE: PLD $56.11 -0.65 (-1.15%) Volume 113.4K Open $56.66 High $56.80 Low $56.11 P/E Ratio 25.27 Div Yield 3.11 Market Cap 30.1B Avalonbay Communities Inc. U.S.: NYSE: AVB $193.64 -1.10 (-0.56%) Volume 30607 Open $195.18 High $195.18 Low $193.64 P/E Ratio 25.89 Div Yield 2.92 Market Cap 26.8B Vanguard Materials ETF U.S.: NYSE Arca: VAW $121.07 +0.13 (+0.11%) Volume 3348 Open $120.92 High $121.07 Low $120.53 P/E Ratio 0 Div Yield 1.67 Market Cap N/A Dow Chemical Co. U.S.: NYSE: DOW $63.89 -0.09 (-0.15%) Volume 218.6K Open $63.79 High $64.06 Low $63.79 P/E Ratio 17.26 Div Yield 2.88 Market Cap 78.2B E.I. DuPont de Nemours & Co. U.S.: NYSE: DD $81.36 +0.01 (+0.01%) Volume 118.7K Open $81.35 High $81.52 Low $81.18 P/E Ratio 29.69 Div Yield 1.87 Market Cap 70.5B Monsanto Co. U.S.: NYSE: MON $117.75 +0.00 (+0.00%) Volume 87495 Open $117.70 High $117.87 Low $117.68 P/E Ratio 27.09 Div Yield 1.83 Market Cap 51.7B Praxair Inc. U.S.: NYSE: PX $132.01 -1.07 (-0.80%) Volume 85902 Open $132.64 High $133.14 Low $131.99 P/E Ratio 24.82 Div Yield 2.38 Market Cap 38.0B Ecolab Inc. U.S.: NYSE: ECL $132.97 -0.55 (-0.41%) Volume 49517 Open $133.40 High $133.60 Low $132.97 P/E Ratio 31.46 Div Yield 1.11 Market Cap 38.7B Vanguard Telecommunication Services ETF U.S.: NYSE Arca: VOX $95.04 +0.12 (+0.12%) Volume 2839 Open $95.00 High $95.04 Low $94.90 P/E Ratio 0 Div Yield 3.41 Market Cap N/A AT&T Inc. U.S.: NYSE: T $38.69 -0.07 (-0.18%) Volume 1.4M Open $38.81 High $38.84 Low $38.65 P/E Ratio 18.99 Div Yield 5.06 Market Cap 238.3B Verizon Communications Inc. U.S.: NYSE: VZ $46.42 -0.08 (-0.17%) Volume 839.1K Open $46.50 High $46.56 Low $46.40 P/E Ratio 15.5 Div Yield 4.97 Market Cap 189.7B T-Mobile US Inc. U.S.: Nasdaq: TMUS $65.67 -0.25 (-0.38%) Volume 95848 Open $66.04 High $66.25 Low $65.66 P/E Ratio 34.58 Div Yield 0 Market Cap 54.8B Level 3 Communications Inc. U.S.: NYSE: LVLT $62.04 +0.03 (+0.05%) Volume 62603 Open $62.05 High $62.23 Low $61.83 P/E Ratio 35.31 Div Yield 0 Market Cap 22.4B CenturyLink Inc. U.S.: NYSE: CTL $25.81 +0.02 (+0.06%) Volume 366.2K Open $25.80 High $25.94 Low $25.70 P/E Ratio 25.27 Div Yield 8.38 Market Cap 14.2B
Latest News Dow 21,164 -10.10 -0.05% Nasdaq 6,286 -11.10 -0.18% S&P 500 2,430 -2.90 -0.12% 9:49 A.M. ET Updated Need an antidote to the Triple Threat? This unloved stock is poised for revival 9:48 A.M. ET James Comey testifies at blockbuster hearing in Senate: live blog and video 9:46 A.M. ET Updated U.S. jobless claims remain near lowest level in decades 9:40 A.M. ET Breaking Nasdaq Composite turns negative after briefly setting an intraday record in morning trade 9:35 A.M. ET Alibaba's stock soars toward record price gain, adding over $41 billion to market cap 9:34 A.M. ET CCTV Shows Police Shooting London Bridge Attackers 9:34 A.M. ET Updated Euro retreats from 6-month high after ECB comments 9:34 A.M. ET Updated This city is helping its employees pay off their student loans 9:32 A.M. ET U.S. stocks open flat as investors look ahead to U.K. election, Comey testimony 9:32 A.M. ET S&P 500, Dow trade at break-even levels at the open, ahead of Comey testimony 9:31 A.M. ET Breaking Nasdaq Composite touches intraday record at the open 6,311.89 9:30 A.M. ET Breaking Stock market opens slightly higher on jam-packed Thursday 9:30 A.M. ET Coastal and Cosmopolitan Valencia Attracts Expats 9:26 A.M. ET Pandora extends pre-closing period in KKR investment, exploring alternatives 9:25 A.M. ET ECB live blog recap: Mario Draghi takes ‘baby step’ toward cutting stimulus 9:21 A.M. ET Updated Comey’s juicy Trump account leaves some big questions unanswered 9:18 A.M. ET Draghi concludes ECB news conference 9:14 A.M. ET Updated Stock market set to open slightly higher as ‘Super Thursday’ gets under way 9:13 A.M. ET Updated Why house prices in gay neighborhoods are soaring 9:12 A.M. ET Pandora shares up 2% in premarket after extending pre-closing period in KKR investment Log In Home News Viewer Video SectorWatch Podcasts First Take Games Portfolio My MarketWatch News Viewer Markets U.S. Europe/Middle East Emerging Markets Asia Canada SectorWatch Columns Market Snapshot Movers & Shakers The Tell Currencies Futures Movers Pre-Market News Tools Earnings Wall Markets Overview IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar Currency Tools Futures Contracts Market Screener Hulbert Interactive Investing Stocks Mutual Funds ETFs Options Bonds Commodities Currencies Futures Financial Adviser Center Hedge Funds/Insider Trades Getting Started MarketWatch Adviser Columns Options Trader Revolution Investing Tools Stock Screener Funds Finder ETF Screener Options Screener IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar More... Personal Finance 10 Things Big Spender Real Estate Spending & Saving Taxes Columns The Moneyologist Brett Arends Bill Bischoff Amy Hoak Chuck Jaffe Jennifer Openshaw Jennifer Waters Tools Funds Finder Today's Rates Retirement Retire Here, Not There Encore Taxes How-to Guides Social Security Estate Planning Events Columns Robert Powell's Retirement Portfolio Andrea Coombes's Working Retirement Tools Retirement Planner How long will my money last? Economy Federal Reserve Capitol Report Economic Report Columns Darrell Delamaide Irwin Kellner Rex Nutting Tools Economic Calendar Real Estate realtor.com My MarketWatch Watchlist Alerts Games Log In Home Investing Stocks Jeff Reeves's Strength in Numbers Get email alerts Opinion: Beyond tech: How other sectors are driving the stock market By Jeff Reeves Published: June 6, 2017 4:24 p.m. ET Share Four other sectors are outperformers — and energy is a big drag Getty Images Consumers are driving the stock market. By JeffReeves Columnist In 2017, many money managers have chased outperformance by overreliance on high-flying tech names. “Hedge funds have 25% net exposure to Tech while large-cap core and growth mutual funds have 22% and 37% allocations, respectively,” noted Goldman Sachs in a note to clients. And no wonder, with picks like Apple AAPL, -0.51%   and Facebook FB, +0.20%   both up over 30% this year through Tuesday morning, while the broader S&P 500, which has a 23.2% weighting in tech, is up a far more modest 8.7%. But will that trend continue over the coming months, particularly after an ominous downgrade to Apple stock this week? And for those of us who aren’t active traders and looking for long-term returns with a diversified portfolio, what the heck is going on in the other 10 market sectors? Here’s a big-picture look at what’s driving the market outside the hot tech stocks: Health care: Up 13% YTD Health-care stocks are the second-biggest share of the S&P 500, making up 13.9% of the index. And while the tech sector’s surge gets the most attention, investors shouldn’t overlook this sector’s outperformance in 2017; the Vanguard Health Care ETF VHT, -0.14% is up 13% year-to-date. While there is still uncertainty about the prospect of health-care reforms in Washington, earnings growth in biotech stocks and the combination of stability and income in the megacaps has kept this sector in favor. Largest components: •Johnson & Johnson JNJ, -0.03% with $350 billion market capitalization, up 13.7% year to date •Pfizer PFE, -0.04% $190 billion market cap, down 0.7% •Merck & Co. MRK, -0.95% $180 billion market cap, up 10.3% •UnitedHealth Group UNH, -0.38% $170 billion market cap, up 12.4% •Amgen AMGN, +0.25% $120 billion market cap, up 9.9% Financials: Up 0.1% YTD Financials are closely behind health care with a 13.7% weighting in the S&P, but the sector hasn’t delivered consistent returns. After a big run-up after Election Day on the hopes of less regulatory red tape, stumbles with the Republican agenda in Washington have resulted in a 7.2% decline in the Vanguard Financials ETF VFH, +0.67%  since March 1. The sector has now given up almost all of the gains made earlier in the year. Largest components: •Berkshire Hathaway BRK.A, +0.18% BRK.B, +0.19% $410 billion market cap, up 2% •J.P. Morgan Chase JPM, +1.14% $290 billion market cap, down 4.1% •Wells Fargo & Co. WFC, +0.42% $260 billion market cap, down 6.2% •Bank of America BAC, +1.46% $220 billion market cap, up 0.6% •Citigroup C, +1.20% $170 billion market cap, up 2.6% Consumer discretionary: Up 12.1% YTD Another big driver of the market is the consumer discretionary sector, which accounts for 12.5% of the S&P 500. Thanks to hopes of economic growth and tax cuts out of Washington, the sector has notched 12.1% gains in 2017 as measured by the Vanguard Consumer Discretionary ETF VCR, -0.04% While consumer confidence has been softer in recent weeks, it did notch a 16-year high in March to show that spending is very strong in 2017. Largest components: •Amazon.com AMZN, -0.26% $490 billion market cap, up 35.4% •Comcast CMCSA, -1.38% $200 billion market cap, up 21.0% •Home Depot HD, -0.30% $190 billion market cap, up 15.1% •Walt Disney DIS, -0.91% $170 billion market cap, up 1.6% •McDonald’s MCD, -0.24% $130 billion market cap, up 25.1% Industrials: Up 7.0% YTD Making up about 10.2% of the S&P, industrials are a modest driver of market performance. As a group they are hard to pin down given the variety of companies in this sector. General hopes of a recovery have boosted subgroups such as home builders, while aerospace names have benefitted from talks of a bigger Defense Department budget. The net result is a 7.0% gain this year as measured by the Vanguard Industrials ETF VIS, -0.03% Largest components: •General Electric GE, +0.31% $240 billion market cap, down 11.5% •3M MMM, -0.25% $120 billion market cap, up 15.3% •Boeing BA, +0.07% $120 billion market cap, up 21% •Honeywell International HON, -0.14% $100 billion market cap, up 15.0% •United Technologies UTX, -0.45% $100 billion market cap, up 9.6% Consumer staples: Up 9.7% YTD Making up 9.4% of the S&P pie and often seen as sleepy defensive plays, staples don’t get much press in a “risk on” environment. But the sector is up 9.7% year-to-date as measured by the Vanguard Consumer Staples ETF VDC, -0.30% That’s partially because of some hard-fought growth for select names, but also because these stocks remain a haven for investors looking for less risk and bigger yields than they’ll find in the bond market. Top components: •Wal-Mart Stores WMT, +0.39% $240 billion market cap, +14.6% •Procter & Gamble PG, -0.31% $230 billion market cap, up 5.6% •Coca-Cola KO, -0.38% $200 billion market cap, up 10.9% •Philip Morris International PM, -0.71% $190 billion market cap, up 33.3% •PepsiCo PEP, -0.47% $170 billion market cap, up 12.6% Energy: Down 15% YTD One way active managers have tapped into outperformance is by biasing toward the clear gains in tech. Another path is to move away from the clear pain in energy amid weak crude-oil prices CLN7, -0.24%  and flat global demand. The sector doesn’t have the heft of other sectors — it’s just 6.0% of the S&P 500 and has only three components with stock-market capitalizations over $60 billion. But the 15% decline this year, as measured by the Vanguard Energy ETF VDE, +0.00% has depressed the S&P’s overall gain. Largest components: •Exxon Mobil XOM, -0.14% $330 billion market cap, down 10.7% •Chevron CVX, +0.20% $190 billion market cap, down 12.1% •Schlumberger SLB, +0.12% $90 billion market cap, down 17.8% •ConocoPhillips COP, -0.09% $50 billion market cap, down 12.3% •EOG Resources EOG, -0.02% $50 billion market cap, down 11.9% Read: What if Trump kills car-emissions standards after the Paris climate decision? Utilities: Up 10.7% YTD Much like staples, utilities don’t get a lot of love in a bull market but remain highly sought after by investors looking for stable sources of dividends. As a result, the sector is up 10.7% year-to-date as measured by the Vanguard Utilities ETF VPU, -0.62% Bears continue to fret about stretched valuations and the risk of rising interest rates driving money away from utilities and into traditional fixed-income assets, but that clearly hasn’t happened yet this year. Tthe sector is a mere 3.3% of the broader S&P 500 and has no stock over $70 billion in market capitalization. Largest components: •NextEra Energy NEE, -0.62% $70 billion market cap, up 19.0% •Duke Energy DUK, -0.65% $60 billion market cap, up 10.5% •Dominion Energy D, -0.90% $50 billion market cap, up 5.2% •Southern Co. SO, -0.56% $50 billion market cap, up 3.2% •American Electric Power AEP, -0.50% $40 billion market cap, up 15.0% Real estate: Up 0.1% YTD Added as its own sector in 2016, real estate and REITs remain a pretty small sliver of the broader stock market; with only one stock valued at more than $35 billion, real estate makes up just 2.9% of the S&P. Of course, it’s hard to get bigger when interest-rate sensitive REITs are under pressure as the Federal Reserve continues to move toward tighter monetary policy. As rates rise, increasing the cost of borrowing for this capital-intensive sector, investors continue to tread lightly, as seen by the performance of the Vanguard REIT Index Fund VNQ, -0.71% While there are a few winners this year, the sector as a whole remains under pressure. Largest components: •Simon Property Group SPG, -0.41% $50 billion market cap, down 14.4% •Equinix EQIX, -0.85% $30 billion market cap, up 24.9% •Public Storage PSA, -0.50% $40 billion market cap, down 6% •Prologis PLD, -1.11% $30 billion market cap, up 7.1% •AvalonBay Communities AVB, -0.56% $40 billion market cap, up 11.4% Materials: Up 7.3% Given weaker global demand for materials and a strong U.S. dollar holding back commodity prices, materials stocks have been chronic underperformers for the past few years. However, the sector stabilized after Election Day on the hopes of stronger economy that would boost demand for chemicals, base metals and other materials. As a result, the Vanguard Materials ETF VAW, +0.11% is up 7.3% so far this year. The sector is the second-smallest slice of the S&P at a weighting of just 2.8%. Largest components: •Dow Chemical DOW, -0.11% $80 billion market cap, up 10.7% •E.l. DuPont de Nemours DD, +0.01% $70 billion market cap, up 10.1% •Monsanto MON, -0.03% $50 billion market cap, up 11.6% •Praxair PX, -0.77% $40 billion market cap, up 13.9% •Ecolab ECL, -0.55%  , $40 billion market cap, up 13.6% Telecom: Down 4.4% YTD This is the smallest segment of the S&P 500, accounting for just 2.2% of the total and with only about two dozen members. Investors who dig in to the sector will find some struggling behemoths who are watching the old world disrupted by newer (and often lower-margin) communication alternatives. The smaller players have seen a lift in 2017 on hopes of a buyout, but pain at the two top dogs that command over $400 billion in collective stock-market value makes any modest gains by smaller-tier stocks little more than a rounding error in the performance of the broader market. The Vanguard Telecommunication Services ETF VOX, +0.12%  has fallen 4.4% so far this year. Largest components: •AT&T T, -0.21% $240 billion market cap, down 8.9% •Verizon Communications VZ, -0.20% $190 billion market cap, down 12.9% •T-Mobile US TMUS, -0.39% $60 billion market cap, up 17% •Level 3 Communications LVLT, +0.04% $20 billion market cap, up 9.7% •CenturyLink CTL, +0.06% $15 billion market cap, up 8.4% More from MarketWatch Bill Gross warns U.S. market risk is at highest since 2008 crisis North Korea may be the biggest black swan of all U.S. oil data shocks the market in more ways than one Quote References AAPL -0.80 -0.51% FB +0.31 +0.20% VHT -0.20 -0.14% JNJ -0.03 -0.03% PFE -0.01 -0.04% MRK -0.61 -0.95% UNH -0.70 -0.38% AMGN +0.41 +0.25% VFH +0.40 +0.67% BRK.A +459.00 +0.18% BRK.B +0.32 +0.19% JPM +0.96 +1.14% WFC +0.22 +0.42% BAC +0.33 +1.46% C +0.75 +1.20% VCR -0.06 -0.04% AMZN -2.60 -0.26% CMCSA -0.58 -1.38% HD -0.46 -0.30% DIS -0.96 -0.91% MCD -0.37 -0.24% VIS -0.04 -0.03% GE +0.09 +0.31% MMM -0.51 -0.25% BA +0.13 +0.07% HON -0.19 -0.14% UTX -0.54 -0.45% VDC -0.44 -0.30% WMT +0.31 +0.39% PG -0.27 -0.31% KO -0.17 -0.38% PM -0.87 -0.71% PEP -0.55 -0.47% CLN7 -0.11 -0.24% VDE +0.00 +0.00% XOM -0.11 -0.14% CVX +0.21 +0.20% SLB +0.08 +0.12% COP -0.04 -0.09% EOG -0.02 -0.02% VPU -0.73 -0.62% NEE -0.88 -0.62% DUK -0.56 -0.65% D -0.72 -0.90% SO -0.29 -0.56% AEP -0.36 -0.50% VNQ -0.59 -0.71% SPG -0.63 -0.41% EQIX -3.74 -0.85% PSA -1.04 -0.50% PLD -0.63 -1.11% AVB -1.10 -0.56% VAW +0.13 +0.11% DOW -0.07 -0.11% DD +0.01 +0.01% MON -0.04 -0.03% PX -1.02 -0.77% ECL -0.73 -0.55% VOX +0.12 +0.12% T -0.08 -0.21% VZ -0.09 -0.20% TMUS -0.26 -0.39% LVLT +0.02 +0.04% CTL +0.02 +0.06% Show all references Most Popular Why house prices in gay neighborhoods are soaring Stock market set to open slightly higher as ‘Super Thursday’ gets under way Bill Gross warns U.S. market risk is at highest since 2008 crisis Four big events that are prompting investors to sell stocks and buy bonds and gold Women and Alcohol: One Glass a Day Linked to Cancer Data Provided By Today's Interest Rates Mortgage Equity Savings Auto Credit Cards 30 yr fixed Jumbo 4.18% 30 yr fixed 3.75% 15 yr fixed 3.01% 10 yr fixed 2.88% 30 yr fixed refi 3.73% 15 yr fixed refi 3.01% 5/1 ARM 3.14% 5/1 ARM refi 3.24% National averages from Bankrate.com $30K HELOC 4.89% $50K HELOC 4.76% $75K HELOC 4.75% $100K HELOC 4.54% $30K Home Equity Loan 5.23% $50K Home Equity Loan 4.68% $75K Home Equity Loan 4.66% $100K Home Equity Loan 4.89% National averages from Bankrate.com 5 yr CD 1.33% 2 yr CD 0.81% 1 yr CD 0.66% MMA $10K+ 0.3% MMA $50K+ 0.41% MMA Savings 0.34% MMA Savings Jumbo 0.44% National averages from Bankrate.com 60 Mo Used Car 3.57% 48 Mo Used Car 3.5% 36 Mo Used Car 3.61% 72 Mo New Car 3.04% 60 Mo New Car 3.22% 48 Mo New Car 3.07% 60 Mo Auto Refi 2.97% 36 Mo Auto Refi 2.65% National averages from Bankrate.com Avg. APR Last Week 6 Months Low Interest 12.73% 12.73% 12.00% Business 13.66% 13.66% 13.16% Student 14.04% 14.04% 13.42% Balance Transfer 15.13% 15.13% 14.41% Airline 15.77% 15.77% 15.15% Reward 15.86% 15.85% 15.25% Cash Back 15.99% 15.99% 15.33% Instant Approval 18.32% 18.30% 17.86% Bad Credit 23.23% 23.23% 22.86% Source: CreditCards.com Jeff Reeves Jeff Reeves is the editor of InvestorPlace.com. Follow him on Twitter @JeffReevesIP. MarketWatch Partner Center Jeff Reeves Jeff Reeves is the editor of InvestorPlace.com. Follow him on Twitter @JeffReevesIP. We Want to Hear from You Join the conversation Comment Sponsored Headlines MarketWatch Site Index Topics Help Feedback Newsroom Roster Media Archive Premium Products Mobile Company Company Info Code of Conduct Corrections Advertising Media Kit Advertise Locally Reprints & Licensing Broker Center Your Ad Choices Dow Jones Network WSJ.com Barron's Online BigCharts Virtual Stock Exchange Financial News London WSJ.com Small Business realtor.com Mansion Global Back to Top Copyright ©2017 MarketWatch, Inc. All rights reserved. By using this site you agree to the Terms of Service, Privacy Policy, and Cookie Policy. Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real-time last sale data for U.S. stock quotes reflect trades reported through Nasdaq only. Intraday data delayed at least 15 minutes or per exchange requirements. Advanced Search Stocks Columns Authors Topics No results found Apple Inc. U.S.: Nasdaq: AAPL $154.57 -0.80 (-0.51%) Volume 2.8M Open $155.25 High $155.54 Low $154.45 P/E Ratio 18.18 Div Yield 1.62 Market Cap 810.1B Facebook Inc. Cl A U.S.: Nasdaq: FB $153.43 +0.31 (+0.20%) Volume 2.1M Open $154.08 High $154.50 Low $153.25 P/E Ratio 40.74 Div Yield 0 Market Cap 443.7B Vanguard Health Care ETF U.S.: NYSE Arca: VHT $143.06 -0.20 (-0.14%) Volume 90618 Open $143.25 High $143.45 Low $143.06 P/E Ratio 0 Div Yield 1.24 Market Cap N/A Johnson & Johnson U.S.: NYSE: JNJ $130.72 -0.03 (-0.03%) Volume 643.6K Open $131.00 High $131.40 Low $130.65 P/E Ratio 22.03 Div Yield 2.56 Market Cap 352.2B Pfizer Inc. U.S.: NYSE: PFE $31.99 -0.01 (-0.04%) Volume 2.9M Open $32.06 High $32.10 Low $31.97 P/E Ratio 27.05 Div Yield 3.99 Market Cap 191.0B Merck & Co. Inc. U.S.: NYSE: MRK $63.45 -0.61 (-0.95%) Volume 1.1M Open $64.24 High $64.25 Low $63.45 P/E Ratio 41.13 Div Yield 2.94 Market Cap 175.2B UnitedHealth Group Inc. U.S.: NYSE: UNH $182.51 -0.70 (-0.38%) Volume 223.7K Open $183.34 High $183.76 Low $182.51 P/E Ratio 22.82 Div Yield 1.64 Market Cap 176.6B Amgen Inc. U.S.: Nasdaq: AMGN $162.07 +0.41 (+0.25%) Volume 243.7K Open $161.98 High $162.30 Low $161.41 P/E Ratio 15.37 Div Yield 2.84 Market Cap 119.0B Vanguard Financials ETF U.S.: NYSE Arca: VFH $60.28 +0.40 (+0.67%) Volume 32186 Open $59.90 High $60.38 Low $59.84 P/E Ratio 0 Div Yield 0.98 Market Cap N/A Berkshire Hathaway Inc. Cl A U.S.: NYSE: BRK.A $250,080.00 +459.00 (+0.18%) Volume 37 Open $249,500 High $250,200 Low $249,500 P/E Ratio 18.24 Div Yield 0 Market Cap 410.7B Berkshire Hathaway Inc. Cl B U.S.: NYSE: BRK.B $166.82 +0.32 (+0.19%) Volume 352.8K Open $166.35 High $166.84 Low $166.23 P/E Ratio 18.25 Div Yield 0 Market Cap 410.7B JPMorgan Chase & Co. U.S.: NYSE: JPM $84.87 +0.96 (+1.14%) Volume 1.3M Open $83.91 High $85.06 Low $83.89 P/E Ratio 12.99 Div Yield 2.37 Market Cap 298.1B Wells Fargo & Co. U.S.: NYSE: WFC $52.31 +0.22 (+0.42%) Volume 1.8M Open $52.00 High $52.49 Low $51.88 P/E Ratio 13.04 Div Yield 2.92 Market Cap 260.3B Bank of America Corp. U.S.: NYSE: BAC $22.93 +0.33 (+1.46%) Volume 6.8M Open $22.62 High $23.00 Low $22.60 P/E Ratio 14.39 Div Yield 1.32 Market Cap 224.9B Citigroup Inc. U.S.: NYSE: C $62.63 +0.75 (+1.20%) Volume 1.4M Open $61.84 High $62.74 Low $61.72 P/E Ratio 12.49 Div Yield 1.03 Market Cap 170.4B Vanguard Consumer Discretionary ETF U.S.: NYSE Arca: VCR $143.79 -0.06 (-0.04%) Volume 3509 Open $143.95 High $144.20 Low $143.40 P/E Ratio 0 Div Yield 1.15 Market Cap N/A Amazon.com Inc. U.S.: Nasdaq: AMZN $1,007.47 -2.60 (-0.26%) Volume 420.4K Open $1,012 High $1,014 Low $1,006 P/E Ratio 190.09 Div Yield 0 Market Cap 482.8B Comcast Corp. Cl A U.S.: Nasdaq: CMCSA $41.31 -0.58 (-1.38%) Volume 1.5M Open $41.81 High $41.90 Low $41.25 P/E Ratio 22.17 Div Yield 1.51 Market Cap 198.6B Home Depot Inc. U.S.: NYSE: HD $154.50 -0.46 (-0.30%) Volume 289.2K Open $155.16 High $155.23 Low $154.35 P/E Ratio 23.16 Div Yield 2.3 Market Cap 185.3B Walt Disney Co. U.S.: NYSE: DIS $104.96 -0.96 (-0.91%) Volume 590.5K Open $105.47 High $105.56 Low $104.93 P/E Ratio 18.34 Div Yield 1.48 Market Cap 167.5B McDonald's Corp. U.S.: NYSE: MCD $151.57 -0.37 (-0.24%) Volume 253.0K Open $152.00 High $152.15 Low $151.51 P/E Ratio 26.85 Div Yield 2.47 Market Cap 123.8B Vanguard Industrials ETF U.S.: NYSE Arca: VIS $127.01 -0.04 (-0.03%) Volume 2961 Open $127.12 High $127.27 Low $127.01 P/E Ratio 0 Div Yield 1.71 Market Cap N/A General Electric Co. U.S.: NYSE: GE $27.77 +0.09 (+0.31%) Volume 2.5M Open $27.66 High $27.82 Low $27.59 P/E Ratio 25.54 Div Yield 3.47 Market Cap 241.1B 3M Co. U.S.: NYSE: MMM $204.50 -0.51 (-0.25%) Volume 126.9K Open $204.84 High $205.24 Low $204.50 P/E Ratio 24.8 Div Yield 2.29 Market Cap 122.5B Boeing Co. U.S.: NYSE: BA $188.23 +0.13 (+0.07%) Volume 188.1K Open $188.10 High $188.64 Low $187.70 P/E Ratio 23.02 Div Yield 3.02 Market Cap 113.5B Honeywell International Inc. U.S.: NYSE: HON $132.53 -0.19 (-0.14%) Volume 148.1K Open $132.33 High $133.27 Low $132.15 P/E Ratio 21.04 Div Yield 2 Market Cap 101.2B United Technologies Corp. U.S.: NYSE: UTX $119.24 -0.54 (-0.45%) Volume 239.3K Open $119.30 High $119.69 Low $119.10 P/E Ratio 18.63 Div Yield 2.21 Market Cap 96.0B Vanguard Consumer Staples ETF U.S.: NYSE Arca: VDC $146.13 -0.44 (-0.30%) Volume 4001 Open $146.48 High $146.48 Low $146.13 P/E Ratio 0 Div Yield 2.28 Market Cap N/A Wal-Mart Stores Inc. U.S.: NYSE: WMT $79.46 +0.31 (+0.39%) Volume 847.1K Open $79.58 High $80.13 Low $79.42 P/E Ratio 18.09 Div Yield 2.56 Market Cap 238.6B Procter & Gamble Co. U.S.: NYSE: PG $88.50 -0.27 (-0.31%) Volume 551.8K Open $88.58 High $88.80 Low $88.42 P/E Ratio 25.24 Div Yield 3.11 Market Cap 227.0B Coca-Cola Co. U.S.: NYSE: KO $45.34 -0.17 (-0.38%) Volume 1.0M Open $45.39 High $45.51 Low $45.28 P/E Ratio 31.78 Div Yield 3.26 Market Cap 194.4B Philip Morris International Inc. U.S.: NYSE: PM $121.43 -0.87 (-0.71%) Volume 321.1K Open $121.85 High $122.00 Low $120.98 P/E Ratio 26.92 Div Yield 3.42 Market Cap 189.9B PepsiCo Inc. U.S.: NYSE: PEP $116.50 -0.55 (-0.47%) Volume 291.8K Open $116.86 High $117.08 Low $116.28 P/E Ratio 25.19 Div Yield 2.76 Market Cap 167.2B Crude Oil - Electronic Jul 2017 U.S.: Nymex: CLN7 $45.61 -0.11 (-0.24%) Volume 373.5K Open $45.85 High $46.18 Low $45.20 P/E Ratio 0 Div Yield 0 Market Cap N/A Vanguard Energy ETF U.S.: NYSE Arca: VDE $88.73 +0.00 (+0.00%) Volume 147.3K Open $88.33 High $89.06 Low $88.33 P/E Ratio 0 Div Yield 2.64 Market Cap N/A Exxon Mobil Corp. U.S.: NYSE: XOM $80.80 -0.11 (-0.14%) Volume 979.3K Open $80.51 High $81.08 Low $80.49 P/E Ratio 33.83 Div Yield 3.81 Market Cap 342.8B Chevron Corp. U.S.: NYSE: CVX $103.98 +0.21 (+0.20%) Volume 481.4K Open $103.44 High $104.21 Low $103.44 P/E Ratio 67.84 Div Yield 4.16 Market Cap 196.6B Schlumberger Ltd. U.S.: NYSE: SLB $68.75 +0.08 (+0.12%) Volume 547.2K Open $68.37 High $69.11 Low $68.37 P/E Ratio 0 Div Yield 2.9 Market Cap 95.4B ConocoPhillips U.S.: NYSE: COP $43.52 -0.04 (-0.09%) Volume 683.9K Open $43.26 High $43.85 Low $43.20 P/E Ratio 0 Div Yield 2.44 Market Cap 53.9B EOG Resources Inc. U.S.: NYSE: EOG $88.13 -0.02 (-0.02%) Volume 311.4K Open $87.63 High $88.75 Low $87.63 P/E Ratio 0 Div Yield 0.76 Market Cap 50.9B Vanguard Utilities ETF U.S.: NYSE Arca: VPU $117.87 -0.73 (-0.62%) Volume 7037 Open $118.51 High $118.51 Low $117.87 P/E Ratio 0 Div Yield 3.16 Market Cap N/A NextEra Energy Inc. U.S.: NYSE: NEE $141.70 -0.88 (-0.62%) Volume 152.0K Open $142.58 High $142.58 Low $141.64 P/E Ratio 17.29 Div Yield 2.77 Market Cap 66.8B Duke Energy Corp. U.S.: NYSE: DUK $85.53 -0.56 (-0.65%) Volume 161.4K Open $85.98 High $86.02 Low $85.25 P/E Ratio 27.34 Div Yield 3.99 Market Cap 60.3B Dominion Energy Inc. U.S.: NYSE: D $79.74 -0.72 (-0.90%) Volume 176.8K Open $80.37 High $80.43 Low $79.72 P/E Ratio 22.43 Div Yield 3.77 Market Cap 50.6B Southern Co. U.S.: NYSE: SO $50.72 -0.29 (-0.56%) Volume 260.9K Open $50.90 High $50.90 Low $50.68 P/E Ratio 19.03 Div Yield 4.57 Market Cap 50.7B American Electric Power Co. Inc. U.S.: NYSE: AEP $72.26 -0.36 (-0.50%) Volume 165.4K Open $72.65 High $72.65 Low $72.15 P/E Ratio 50.68 Div Yield 3.26 Market Cap 35.7B Vanguard REIT ETF U.S.: NYSE Arca: VNQ $82.70 -0.59 (-0.71%) Volume 228.1K Open $83.32 High $83.32 Low $82.65 P/E Ratio 0 Div Yield 2.87 Market Cap N/A Simon Property Group Inc. U.S.: NYSE: SPG $154.64 -0.63 (-0.41%) Volume 87938 Open $155.32 High $156.54 Low $154.16 P/E Ratio 27.35 Div Yield 4.53 Market Cap 48.5B Equinix Inc. U.S.: Nasdaq: EQIX $436.95 -3.74 (-0.85%) Volume 18750 Open $441.75 High $441.87 Low $436.51 P/E Ratio 159.95 Div Yield 1.82 Market Cap 34.3B Public Storage U.S.: NYSE: PSA $208.83 -1.04 (-0.50%) Volume 121.2K Open $210.00 High $210.48 Low $208.23 P/E Ratio 29.73 Div Yield 3.82 Market Cap 36.5B Prologis Inc. U.S.: NYSE: PLD $56.13 -0.63 (-1.11%) Volume 115.5K Open $56.66 High $56.80 Low $56.11 P/E Ratio 25.23 Div Yield 3.11 Market Cap 30.1B Avalonbay Communities Inc. U.S.: NYSE: AVB $193.64 -1.10 (-0.56%) Volume 30357 Open $195.18 High $195.18 Low $193.64 P/E Ratio 25.88 Div Yield 2.92 Market Cap 26.8B Vanguard Materials ETF U.S.: NYSE Arca: VAW $121.07 +0.13 (+0.11%) Volume 3348 Open $120.92 High $121.07 Low $120.53 P/E Ratio 0 Div Yield 1.67 Market Cap N/A Dow Chemical Co. U.S.: NYSE: DOW $63.91 -0.07 (-0.11%) Volume 225.3K Open $63.79 High $64.06 Low $63.79 P/E Ratio 17.29 Div Yield 2.88 Market Cap 78.2B E.I. DuPont de Nemours & Co. U.S.: NYSE: DD $81.36 +0.01 (+0.01%) Volume 120.3K Open $81.35 High $81.52 Low $81.18 P/E Ratio 29.76 Div Yield 1.87 Market Cap 70.5B Monsanto Co. U.S.: NYSE: MON $117.71 -0.04 (-0.03%) Volume 88462 Open $117.70 High $117.87 Low $117.68 P/E Ratio 27.09 Div Yield 1.83 Market Cap 51.7B Praxair Inc. U.S.: NYSE: PX $132.06 -1.02 (-0.77%) Volume 89621 Open $132.64 High $133.14 Low $131.99 P/E Ratio 24.82 Div Yield 2.38 Market Cap 38.0B Ecolab Inc. U.S.: NYSE: ECL $132.79 -0.73 (-0.55%) Volume 51356 Open $133.40 High $133.60 Low $132.79 P/E Ratio 31.41 Div Yield 1.11 Market Cap 38.7B Vanguard Telecommunication Services ETF U.S.: NYSE Arca: VOX $95.04 +0.12 (+0.12%) Volume 2839 Open $95.00 High $95.04 Low $94.90 P/E Ratio 0 Div Yield 3.41 Market Cap N/A AT&T Inc. U.S.: NYSE: T $38.68 -0.08 (-0.21%) Volume 1.5M Open $38.81 High $38.84 Low $38.65 P/E Ratio 18.99 Div Yield 5.06 Market Cap 238.3B Verizon Communications Inc. U.S.: NYSE: VZ $46.41 -0.09 (-0.20%) Volume 888.1K Open $46.50 High $46.56 Low $46.39 P/E Ratio 15.5 Div Yield 4.97 Market Cap 189.7B T-Mobile US Inc. U.S.: Nasdaq: TMUS $65.66 -0.26 (-0.39%) Volume 97208 Open $66.04 High $66.25 Low $65.66 P/E Ratio 34.59 Div Yield 0 Market Cap 54.8B Level 3 Communications Inc. U.S.: NYSE: LVLT $62.03 +0.02 (+0.04%) Volume 63941 Open $62.05 High $62.23 Low $61.83 P/E Ratio 35.29 Div Yield 0 Market Cap 22.4B CenturyLink Inc. U.S.: NYSE: CTL $25.81 +0.02 (+0.06%) Volume 375.0K Open $25.80 High $25.94 Low $25.70 P/E Ratio 25.26 Div Yield 8.38 Market Cap 14.2B
Latest News Dow 21,163 -10.22 -0.05% Nasdaq 6,286 -11.24 -0.18% S&P 500 2,430 -2.86 -0.12% 9:49 A.M. ET Updated Need an antidote to the Triple Threat? This unloved stock is poised for revival 9:48 A.M. ET James Comey testifies at blockbuster hearing in Senate: live blog and video 9:46 A.M. ET Updated U.S. jobless claims remain near lowest level in decades 9:40 A.M. ET Breaking Nasdaq Composite turns negative after briefly setting an intraday record in morning trade 9:35 A.M. ET Alibaba's stock soars toward record price gain, adding over $41 billion to market cap 9:34 A.M. ET CCTV Shows Police Shooting London Bridge Attackers 9:34 A.M. ET Updated Euro retreats from 6-month high after ECB comments 9:34 A.M. ET Updated This city is helping its employees pay off their student loans 9:32 A.M. ET U.S. stocks open flat as investors look ahead to U.K. election, Comey testimony 9:32 A.M. ET S&P 500, Dow trade at break-even levels at the open, ahead of Comey testimony 9:31 A.M. ET Breaking Nasdaq Composite touches intraday record at the open 6,311.89 9:30 A.M. ET Breaking Stock market opens slightly higher on jam-packed Thursday 9:30 A.M. ET Coastal and Cosmopolitan Valencia Attracts Expats 9:26 A.M. ET Pandora extends pre-closing period in KKR investment, exploring alternatives 9:25 A.M. ET ECB live blog recap: Mario Draghi takes ‘baby step’ toward cutting stimulus 9:21 A.M. ET Updated Comey’s juicy Trump account leaves some big questions unanswered 9:18 A.M. ET Draghi concludes ECB news conference 9:14 A.M. ET Updated Stock market set to open slightly higher as ‘Super Thursday’ gets under way 9:13 A.M. ET Updated Why house prices in gay neighborhoods are soaring 9:12 A.M. ET Pandora shares up 2% in premarket after extending pre-closing period in KKR investment Log In Home News Viewer Video SectorWatch Podcasts First Take Games Portfolio My MarketWatch News Viewer Markets U.S. Europe/Middle East Emerging Markets Asia Canada SectorWatch Columns Market Snapshot Movers & Shakers The Tell Currencies Futures Movers Pre-Market News Tools Earnings Wall Markets Overview IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar Currency Tools Futures Contracts Market Screener Hulbert Interactive Investing Stocks Mutual Funds ETFs Options Bonds Commodities Currencies Futures Financial Adviser Center Hedge Funds/Insider Trades Getting Started MarketWatch Adviser Columns Options Trader Revolution Investing Tools Stock Screener Funds Finder ETF Screener Options Screener IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar More... Personal Finance 10 Things Big Spender Real Estate Spending & Saving Taxes Columns The Moneyologist Brett Arends Bill Bischoff Amy Hoak Chuck Jaffe Jennifer Openshaw Jennifer Waters Tools Funds Finder Today's Rates Retirement Retire Here, Not There Encore Taxes How-to Guides Social Security Estate Planning Events Columns Robert Powell's Retirement Portfolio Andrea Coombes's Working Retirement Tools Retirement Planner How long will my money last? Economy Federal Reserve Capitol Report Economic Report Columns Darrell Delamaide Irwin Kellner Rex Nutting Tools Economic Calendar Real Estate realtor.com My MarketWatch Watchlist Alerts Games Log In Home Investing Stocks Jeff Reeves's Strength in Numbers Get email alerts Opinion: Beyond tech: How other sectors are driving the stock market By Jeff Reeves Published: June 6, 2017 4:24 p.m. ET Share Four other sectors are outperformers — and energy is a big drag Getty Images Consumers are driving the stock market. By JeffReeves Columnist In 2017, many money managers have chased outperformance by overreliance on high-flying tech names. “Hedge funds have 25% net exposure to Tech while large-cap core and growth mutual funds have 22% and 37% allocations, respectively,” noted Goldman Sachs in a note to clients. And no wonder, with picks like Apple AAPL, -0.36%   and Facebook FB, +0.18%   both up over 30% this year through Tuesday morning, while the broader S&P 500, which has a 23.2% weighting in tech, is up a far more modest 8.7%. But will that trend continue over the coming months, particularly after an ominous downgrade to Apple stock this week? And for those of us who aren’t active traders and looking for long-term returns with a diversified portfolio, what the heck is going on in the other 10 market sectors? Here’s a big-picture look at what’s driving the market outside the hot tech stocks: Health care: Up 13% YTD Health-care stocks are the second-biggest share of the S&P 500, making up 13.9% of the index. And while the tech sector’s surge gets the most attention, investors shouldn’t overlook this sector’s outperformance in 2017; the Vanguard Health Care ETF VHT, +0.13% is up 13% year-to-date. While there is still uncertainty about the prospect of health-care reforms in Washington, earnings growth in biotech stocks and the combination of stability and income in the megacaps has kept this sector in favor. Largest components: •Johnson & Johnson JNJ, +0.00% with $350 billion market capitalization, up 13.7% year to date •Pfizer PFE, +0.19% $190 billion market cap, down 0.7% •Merck & Co. MRK, -0.50% $180 billion market cap, up 10.3% •UnitedHealth Group UNH, -0.13% $170 billion market cap, up 12.4% •Amgen AMGN, +0.36% $120 billion market cap, up 9.9% Financials: Up 0.1% YTD Financials are closely behind health care with a 13.7% weighting in the S&P, but the sector hasn’t delivered consistent returns. After a big run-up after Election Day on the hopes of less regulatory red tape, stumbles with the Republican agenda in Washington have resulted in a 7.2% decline in the Vanguard Financials ETF VFH, +0.83%  since March 1. The sector has now given up almost all of the gains made earlier in the year. Largest components: •Berkshire Hathaway BRK.A, +0.11% BRK.B, +0.09% $410 billion market cap, up 2% •J.P. Morgan Chase JPM, +1.33% $290 billion market cap, down 4.1% •Wells Fargo & Co. WFC, +0.75% $260 billion market cap, down 6.2% •Bank of America BAC, +1.64% $220 billion market cap, up 0.6% •Citigroup C, +1.34% $170 billion market cap, up 2.6% Consumer discretionary: Up 12.1% YTD Another big driver of the market is the consumer discretionary sector, which accounts for 12.5% of the S&P 500. Thanks to hopes of economic growth and tax cuts out of Washington, the sector has notched 12.1% gains in 2017 as measured by the Vanguard Consumer Discretionary ETF VCR, -0.04% While consumer confidence has been softer in recent weeks, it did notch a 16-year high in March to show that spending is very strong in 2017. Largest components: •Amazon.com AMZN, -0.28% $490 billion market cap, up 35.4% •Comcast CMCSA, -1.19% $200 billion market cap, up 21.0% •Home Depot HD, -0.26% $190 billion market cap, up 15.1% •Walt Disney DIS, -0.80% $170 billion market cap, up 1.6% •McDonald’s MCD, -0.10% $130 billion market cap, up 25.1% Industrials: Up 7.0% YTD Making up about 10.2% of the S&P, industrials are a modest driver of market performance. As a group they are hard to pin down given the variety of companies in this sector. General hopes of a recovery have boosted subgroups such as home builders, while aerospace names have benefitted from talks of a bigger Defense Department budget. The net result is a 7.0% gain this year as measured by the Vanguard Industrials ETF VIS, +0.15% Largest components: •General Electric GE, +0.33% $240 billion market cap, down 11.5% •3M MMM, -0.15% $120 billion market cap, up 15.3% •Boeing BA, +0.13% $120 billion market cap, up 21% •Honeywell International HON, -0.04% $100 billion market cap, up 15.0% •United Technologies UTX, -0.27% $100 billion market cap, up 9.6% Consumer staples: Up 9.7% YTD Making up 9.4% of the S&P pie and often seen as sleepy defensive plays, staples don’t get much press in a “risk on” environment. But the sector is up 9.7% year-to-date as measured by the Vanguard Consumer Staples ETF VDC, -0.30% That’s partially because of some hard-fought growth for select names, but also because these stocks remain a haven for investors looking for less risk and bigger yields than they’ll find in the bond market. Top components: •Wal-Mart Stores WMT, +0.61% $240 billion market cap, +14.6% •Procter & Gamble PG, -0.39% $230 billion market cap, up 5.6% •Coca-Cola KO, -0.51% $200 billion market cap, up 10.9% •Philip Morris International PM, -1.05% $190 billion market cap, up 33.3% •PepsiCo PEP, -0.66% $170 billion market cap, up 12.6% Energy: Down 15% YTD One way active managers have tapped into outperformance is by biasing toward the clear gains in tech. Another path is to move away from the clear pain in energy amid weak crude-oil prices CLN7, -0.57%  and flat global demand. The sector doesn’t have the heft of other sectors — it’s just 6.0% of the S&P 500 and has only three components with stock-market capitalizations over $60 billion. But the 15% decline this year, as measured by the Vanguard Energy ETF VDE, +0.37% has depressed the S&P’s overall gain. Largest components: •Exxon Mobil XOM, +0.06% $330 billion market cap, down 10.7% •Chevron CVX, +0.23% $190 billion market cap, down 12.1% •Schlumberger SLB, +0.20% $90 billion market cap, down 17.8% •ConocoPhillips COP, +0.34% $50 billion market cap, down 12.3% •EOG Resources EOG, +0.24% $50 billion market cap, down 11.9% Read: What if Trump kills car-emissions standards after the Paris climate decision? Utilities: Up 10.7% YTD Much like staples, utilities don’t get a lot of love in a bull market but remain highly sought after by investors looking for stable sources of dividends. As a result, the sector is up 10.7% year-to-date as measured by the Vanguard Utilities ETF VPU, -0.58% Bears continue to fret about stretched valuations and the risk of rising interest rates driving money away from utilities and into traditional fixed-income assets, but that clearly hasn’t happened yet this year. Tthe sector is a mere 3.3% of the broader S&P 500 and has no stock over $70 billion in market capitalization. Largest components: •NextEra Energy NEE, -0.65% $70 billion market cap, up 19.0% •Duke Energy DUK, -0.62% $60 billion market cap, up 10.5% •Dominion Energy D, -0.85% $50 billion market cap, up 5.2% •Southern Co. SO, -0.61% $50 billion market cap, up 3.2% •American Electric Power AEP, -0.55% $40 billion market cap, up 15.0% Real estate: Up 0.1% YTD Added as its own sector in 2016, real estate and REITs remain a pretty small sliver of the broader stock market; with only one stock valued at more than $35 billion, real estate makes up just 2.9% of the S&P. Of course, it’s hard to get bigger when interest-rate sensitive REITs are under pressure as the Federal Reserve continues to move toward tighter monetary policy. As rates rise, increasing the cost of borrowing for this capital-intensive sector, investors continue to tread lightly, as seen by the performance of the Vanguard REIT Index Fund VNQ, -0.54% While there are a few winners this year, the sector as a whole remains under pressure. Largest components: •Simon Property Group SPG, -0.11% $50 billion market cap, down 14.4% •Equinix EQIX, -0.74% $30 billion market cap, up 24.9% •Public Storage PSA, -0.70% $40 billion market cap, down 6% •Prologis PLD, -0.93% $30 billion market cap, up 7.1% •AvalonBay Communities AVB, -0.56% $40 billion market cap, up 11.4% Materials: Up 7.3% Given weaker global demand for materials and a strong U.S. dollar holding back commodity prices, materials stocks have been chronic underperformers for the past few years. However, the sector stabilized after Election Day on the hopes of stronger economy that would boost demand for chemicals, base metals and other materials. As a result, the Vanguard Materials ETF VAW, +0.11% is up 7.3% so far this year. The sector is the second-smallest slice of the S&P at a weighting of just 2.8%. Largest components: •Dow Chemical DOW, -0.06% $80 billion market cap, up 10.7% •E.l. DuPont de Nemours DD, +0.07% $70 billion market cap, up 10.1% •Monsanto MON, -0.01% $50 billion market cap, up 11.6% •Praxair PX, -0.56% $40 billion market cap, up 13.9% •Ecolab ECL, -0.37%  , $40 billion market cap, up 13.6% Telecom: Down 4.4% YTD This is the smallest segment of the S&P 500, accounting for just 2.2% of the total and with only about two dozen members. Investors who dig in to the sector will find some struggling behemoths who are watching the old world disrupted by newer (and often lower-margin) communication alternatives. The smaller players have seen a lift in 2017 on hopes of a buyout, but pain at the two top dogs that command over $400 billion in collective stock-market value makes any modest gains by smaller-tier stocks little more than a rounding error in the performance of the broader market. The Vanguard Telecommunication Services ETF VOX, +0.12%  has fallen 4.4% so far this year. Largest components: •AT&T T, -0.10% $240 billion market cap, down 8.9% •Verizon Communications VZ, -0.08% $190 billion market cap, down 12.9% •T-Mobile US TMUS, -0.32% $60 billion market cap, up 17% •Level 3 Communications LVLT, +0.18% $20 billion market cap, up 9.7% •CenturyLink CTL, +0.27% $15 billion market cap, up 8.4% More from MarketWatch This is why the Midwest will be the hottest retirement destination Need an antidote to the Triple Threat? This unloved stock is poised for revival AMD’s stock extends surge, fueled by ‘tremendous’ graphics cards demand Quote References AAPL -0.56 -0.36% FB +0.28 +0.18% VHT +0.18 +0.13% JNJ +0.00 +0.00% PFE +0.06 +0.19% MRK -0.32 -0.50% UNH -0.23 -0.13% AMGN +0.57 +0.36% VFH +0.50 +0.83% BRK.A +269.00 +0.11% BRK.B +0.16 +0.09% JPM +1.12 +1.33% WFC +0.39 +0.75% BAC +0.37 +1.64% C +0.83 +1.34% VCR -0.06 -0.04% AMZN -2.88 -0.28% CMCSA -0.50 -1.19% HD -0.41 -0.26% DIS -0.85 -0.80% MCD -0.15 -0.10% VIS +0.19 +0.15% GE +0.09 +0.33% MMM -0.31 -0.15% BA +0.25 +0.13% HON -0.05 -0.04% UTX -0.32 -0.27% VDC -0.44 -0.30% WMT +0.49 +0.61% PG -0.34 -0.39% KO -0.23 -0.51% PM -1.28 -1.05% PEP -0.77 -0.66% CLN7 -0.26 -0.57% VDE +0.33 +0.37% XOM +0.05 +0.06% CVX +0.24 +0.23% SLB +0.14 +0.20% COP +0.15 +0.34% EOG +0.21 +0.24% VPU -0.68 -0.58% NEE -0.93 -0.65% DUK -0.53 -0.62% D -0.68 -0.85% SO -0.31 -0.61% AEP -0.40 -0.55% VNQ -0.45 -0.54% SPG -0.16 -0.11% EQIX -3.25 -0.74% PSA -1.46 -0.70% PLD -0.53 -0.93% AVB -1.10 -0.56% VAW +0.13 +0.11% DOW -0.04 -0.06% DD +0.06 +0.07% MON -0.01 -0.01% PX -0.75 -0.56% ECL -0.49 -0.37% VOX +0.12 +0.12% T -0.04 -0.10% VZ -0.04 -0.08% TMUS -0.21 -0.32% LVLT +0.11 +0.18% CTL +0.07 +0.27% Show all references Data Provided By Today's Interest Rates Mortgage Equity Savings Auto Credit Cards 30 yr fixed Jumbo 4.18% 30 yr fixed 3.75% 15 yr fixed 3.01% 10 yr fixed 2.88% 30 yr fixed refi 3.73% 15 yr fixed refi 3.01% 5/1 ARM 3.14% 5/1 ARM refi 3.24% National averages from Bankrate.com $30K HELOC 4.89% $50K HELOC 4.76% $75K HELOC 4.75% $100K HELOC 4.54% $30K Home Equity Loan 5.23% $50K Home Equity Loan 4.68% $75K Home Equity Loan 4.66% $100K Home Equity Loan 4.89% National averages from Bankrate.com 5 yr CD 1.33% 2 yr CD 0.81% 1 yr CD 0.66% MMA $10K+ 0.3% MMA $50K+ 0.41% MMA Savings 0.34% MMA Savings Jumbo 0.44% National averages from Bankrate.com 60 Mo Used Car 3.57% 48 Mo Used Car 3.5% 36 Mo Used Car 3.61% 72 Mo New Car 3.04% 60 Mo New Car 3.22% 48 Mo New Car 3.07% 60 Mo Auto Refi 2.97% 36 Mo Auto Refi 2.65% National averages from Bankrate.com Avg. APR Last Week 6 Months Low Interest 12.73% 12.73% 12.00% Business 13.66% 13.66% 13.16% Student 14.04% 14.04% 13.42% Balance Transfer 15.13% 15.13% 14.41% Airline 15.77% 15.77% 15.15% Reward 15.86% 15.85% 15.25% Cash Back 15.99% 15.99% 15.33% Instant Approval 18.32% 18.30% 17.86% Bad Credit 23.23% 23.23% 22.86% Source: CreditCards.com Jeff Reeves Jeff Reeves is the editor of InvestorPlace.com. Follow him on Twitter @JeffReevesIP. MarketWatch Partner Center Jeff Reeves Jeff Reeves is the editor of InvestorPlace.com. Follow him on Twitter @JeffReevesIP. We Want to Hear from You Join the conversation Comment Sponsored Headlines MarketWatch Site Index Topics Help Feedback Newsroom Roster Media Archive Premium Products Mobile Company Company Info Code of Conduct Corrections Advertising Media Kit Advertise Locally Reprints & Licensing Broker Center Your Ad Choices Dow Jones Network WSJ.com Barron's Online BigCharts Virtual Stock Exchange Financial News London WSJ.com Small Business realtor.com Mansion Global Back to Top Copyright ©2017 MarketWatch, Inc. All rights reserved. By using this site you agree to the Terms of Service, Privacy Policy, and Cookie Policy. Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real-time last sale data for U.S. stock quotes reflect trades reported through Nasdaq only. Intraday data delayed at least 15 minutes or per exchange requirements. Advanced Search Stocks Columns Authors Topics No results found Apple Inc. U.S.: Nasdaq: AAPL $154.81 -0.56 (-0.36%) Volume 2.5M Open $155.25 High $155.54 Low $154.56 P/E Ratio 18.15 Div Yield 1.62 Market Cap 810.1B Facebook Inc. Cl A U.S.: Nasdaq: FB $153.40 +0.28 (+0.18%) Volume 1.9M Open $154.08 High $154.50 Low $153.25 P/E Ratio 40.78 Div Yield 0 Market Cap 443.7B Vanguard Health Care ETF U.S.: NYSE Arca: VHT $143.44 +0.18 (+0.13%) Volume 89751 Open $143.25 High $143.45 Low $143.25 P/E Ratio 0 Div Yield 1.24 Market Cap N/A Johnson & Johnson U.S.: NYSE: JNJ $130.75 +0.00 (+0.00%) Volume 594.1K Open $131.00 High $131.40 Low $130.65 P/E Ratio 22.07 Div Yield 2.56 Market Cap 352.2B Pfizer Inc. U.S.: NYSE: PFE $32.06 +0.06 (+0.19%) Volume 2.6M Open $32.06 High $32.10 Low $31.97 P/E Ratio 27.01 Div Yield 4 Market Cap 191.0B Merck & Co. Inc. U.S.: NYSE: MRK $63.74 -0.32 (-0.50%) Volume 789.6K Open $64.24 High $64.25 Low $63.74 P/E Ratio 41.12 Div Yield 2.94 Market Cap 175.2B UnitedHealth Group Inc. U.S.: NYSE: UNH $182.98 -0.23 (-0.13%) Volume 200.1K Open $183.34 High $183.76 Low $182.91 P/E Ratio 22.88 Div Yield 1.63 Market Cap 176.6B Amgen Inc. U.S.: Nasdaq: AMGN $162.24 +0.57 (+0.36%) Volume 222.9K Open $161.98 High $162.30 Low $161.41 P/E Ratio 15.37 Div Yield 2.84 Market Cap 119.0B Vanguard Financials ETF U.S.: NYSE Arca: VFH $60.38 +0.50 (+0.83%) Volume 28088 Open $59.90 High $60.38 Low $59.84 P/E Ratio 0 Div Yield 0.98 Market Cap N/A Berkshire Hathaway Inc. Cl A U.S.: NYSE: BRK.A $249,890.00 +269.00 (+0.11%) Volume 16 Open $249,500 High $249,890 Low $249,500 P/E Ratio 18.22 Div Yield 0 Market Cap 410.7B Berkshire Hathaway Inc. Cl B U.S.: NYSE: BRK.B $166.66 +0.16 (+0.09%) Volume 284.3K Open $166.35 High $166.75 Low $166.23 P/E Ratio 18.23 Div Yield 0 Market Cap 410.7B JPMorgan Chase & Co. U.S.: NYSE: JPM $85.03 +1.12 (+1.33%) Volume 1.1M Open $83.91 High $85.05 Low $83.89 P/E Ratio 12.95 Div Yield 2.38 Market Cap 298.1B Wells Fargo & Co. U.S.: NYSE: WFC $52.48 +0.39 (+0.75%) Volume 1.5M Open $52.00 High $52.49 Low $51.88 P/E Ratio 12.98 Div Yield 2.93 Market Cap 260.3B Bank of America Corp. U.S.: NYSE: BAC $22.97 +0.37 (+1.64%) Volume 5.7M Open $22.62 High $23.00 Low $22.60 P/E Ratio 14.33 Div Yield 1.32 Market Cap 224.9B Citigroup Inc. U.S.: NYSE: C $62.71 +0.83 (+1.34%) Volume 1.1M Open $61.84 High $62.74 Low $61.72 P/E Ratio 12.44 Div Yield 1.04 Market Cap 170.4B Vanguard Consumer Discretionary ETF U.S.: NYSE Arca: VCR $143.79 -0.06 (-0.04%) Volume 3064 Open $143.95 High $144.20 Low $143.40 P/E Ratio 0 Div Yield 1.15 Market Cap N/A Amazon.com Inc. U.S.: Nasdaq: AMZN $1,007.19 -2.88 (-0.28%) Volume 382.2K Open $1,012 High $1,014 Low $1,006 P/E Ratio 190.16 Div Yield 0 Market Cap 482.8B Comcast Corp. Cl A U.S.: Nasdaq: CMCSA $41.39 -0.50 (-1.19%) Volume 1.3M Open $41.81 High $41.90 Low $41.38 P/E Ratio 22.22 Div Yield 1.51 Market Cap 198.6B Home Depot Inc. U.S.: NYSE: HD $154.55 -0.41 (-0.26%) Volume 265.5K Open $155.16 High $155.23 Low $154.35 P/E Ratio 23.2 Div Yield 2.3 Market Cap 185.3B Walt Disney Co. U.S.: NYSE: DIS $105.07 -0.85 (-0.80%) Volume 524.0K Open $105.47 High $105.56 Low $104.95 P/E Ratio 18.33 Div Yield 1.48 Market Cap 167.5B McDonald's Corp. U.S.: NYSE: MCD $151.79 -0.15 (-0.10%) Volume 218.1K Open $152.00 High $152.15 Low $151.72 P/E Ratio 26.86 Div Yield 2.47 Market Cap 123.8B Vanguard Industrials ETF U.S.: NYSE Arca: VIS $127.24 +0.19 (+0.15%) Volume 2642 Open $127.12 High $127.27 Low $127.05 P/E Ratio 0 Div Yield 1.71 Market Cap N/A General Electric Co. U.S.: NYSE: GE $27.77 +0.09 (+0.33%) Volume 2.1M Open $27.66 High $27.79 Low $27.59 P/E Ratio 25.53 Div Yield 3.47 Market Cap 241.1B 3M Co. U.S.: NYSE: MMM $204.70 -0.31 (-0.15%) Volume 118.5K Open $204.84 High $205.24 Low $204.56 P/E Ratio 24.81 Div Yield 2.29 Market Cap 122.5B Boeing Co. U.S.: NYSE: BA $188.35 +0.25 (+0.13%) Volume 160.1K Open $188.10 High $188.64 Low $187.70 P/E Ratio 23.04 Div Yield 3.02 Market Cap 113.5B Honeywell International Inc. U.S.: NYSE: HON $132.67 -0.05 (-0.04%) Volume 133.8K Open $132.33 High $133.27 Low $132.15 P/E Ratio 21.03 Div Yield 2 Market Cap 101.2B United Technologies Corp. U.S.: NYSE: UTX $119.46 -0.32 (-0.27%) Volume 200.3K Open $119.30 High $119.69 Low $119.11 P/E Ratio 18.62 Div Yield 2.21 Market Cap 96.0B Vanguard Consumer Staples ETF U.S.: NYSE Arca: VDC $146.13 -0.44 (-0.30%) Volume 3840 Open $146.48 High $146.48 Low $146.13 P/E Ratio 0 Div Yield 2.28 Market Cap N/A Wal-Mart Stores Inc. U.S.: NYSE: WMT $79.64 +0.49 (+0.61%) Volume 738.1K Open $79.58 High $80.13 Low $79.53 P/E Ratio 18.09 Div Yield 2.56 Market Cap 238.6B Procter & Gamble Co. U.S.: NYSE: PG $88.43 -0.34 (-0.39%) Volume 508.8K Open $88.58 High $88.80 Low $88.42 P/E Ratio 25.22 Div Yield 3.11 Market Cap 227.0B Coca-Cola Co. U.S.: NYSE: KO $45.28 -0.23 (-0.51%) Volume 895.3K Open $45.39 High $45.51 Low $45.28 P/E Ratio 31.82 Div Yield 3.25 Market Cap 194.4B Philip Morris International Inc. U.S.: NYSE: PM $121.02 -1.28 (-1.05%) Volume 300.5K Open $121.85 High $122.00 Low $121.02 P/E Ratio 26.94 Div Yield 3.42 Market Cap 189.9B PepsiCo Inc. U.S.: NYSE: PEP $116.28 -0.77 (-0.66%) Volume 266.3K Open $116.86 High $117.08 Low $116.28 P/E Ratio 25.23 Div Yield 2.75 Market Cap 167.2B Crude Oil - Electronic Jul 2017 U.S.: Nymex: CLN7 $45.46 -0.26 (-0.57%) Volume 362.9K Open $45.85 High $46.18 Low $45.20 P/E Ratio 0 Div Yield 0 Market Cap N/A Vanguard Energy ETF U.S.: NYSE Arca: VDE $89.06 +0.33 (+0.37%) Volume 143.6K Open $88.33 High $89.06 Low $88.33 P/E Ratio 0 Div Yield 2.65 Market Cap N/A Exxon Mobil Corp. U.S.: NYSE: XOM $80.96 +0.05 (+0.06%) Volume 866.0K Open $80.51 High $81.08 Low $80.49 P/E Ratio 33.75 Div Yield 3.81 Market Cap 342.8B Chevron Corp. U.S.: NYSE: CVX $104.01 +0.24 (+0.23%) Volume 437.0K Open $103.44 High $104.21 Low $103.44 P/E Ratio 67.71 Div Yield 4.17 Market Cap 196.6B Schlumberger Ltd. U.S.: NYSE: SLB $68.81 +0.14 (+0.20%) Volume 436.1K Open $68.37 High $69.11 Low $68.37 P/E Ratio 0 Div Yield 2.92 Market Cap 95.4B ConocoPhillips U.S.: NYSE: COP $43.71 +0.15 (+0.34%) Volume 580.9K Open $43.26 High $43.85 Low $43.20 P/E Ratio 0 Div Yield 2.45 Market Cap 53.9B EOG Resources Inc. U.S.: NYSE: EOG $88.36 +0.21 (+0.24%) Volume 279.5K Open $87.63 High $88.75 Low $87.63 P/E Ratio 0 Div Yield 0.76 Market Cap 50.9B Vanguard Utilities ETF U.S.: NYSE Arca: VPU $117.92 -0.68 (-0.58%) Volume 6859 Open $118.51 High $118.51 Low $117.90 P/E Ratio 0 Div Yield 3.16 Market Cap N/A NextEra Energy Inc. U.S.: NYSE: NEE $141.65 -0.93 (-0.65%) Volume 140.1K Open $142.58 High $142.58 Low $141.65 P/E Ratio 17.3 Div Yield 2.77 Market Cap 66.8B Duke Energy Corp. U.S.: NYSE: DUK $85.56 -0.53 (-0.62%) Volume 150.2K Open $85.98 High $86.02 Low $85.25 P/E Ratio 27.37 Div Yield 3.99 Market Cap 60.3B Dominion Energy Inc. U.S.: NYSE: D $79.78 -0.68 (-0.85%) Volume 159.4K Open $80.37 High $80.43 Low $79.76 P/E Ratio 22.47 Div Yield 3.77 Market Cap 50.6B Southern Co. U.S.: NYSE: SO $50.70 -0.31 (-0.61%) Volume 227.5K Open $50.90 High $50.90 Low $50.68 P/E Ratio 19.04 Div Yield 4.56 Market Cap 50.7B American Electric Power Co. Inc. U.S.: NYSE: AEP $72.22 -0.40 (-0.55%) Volume 137.0K Open $72.65 High $72.65 Low $72.15 P/E Ratio 50.74 Div Yield 3.26 Market Cap 35.7B Vanguard REIT ETF U.S.: NYSE Arca: VNQ $82.84 -0.45 (-0.54%) Volume 193.1K Open $83.32 High $83.32 Low $82.83 P/E Ratio 0 Div Yield 2.86 Market Cap N/A Simon Property Group Inc. U.S.: NYSE: SPG $155.10 -0.16 (-0.11%) Volume 77673 Open $155.32 High $156.54 Low $154.31 P/E Ratio 27.48 Div Yield 4.51 Market Cap 48.5B Equinix Inc. U.S.: Nasdaq: EQIX $437.44 -3.25 (-0.74%) Volume 15770 Open $441.75 High $441.87 Low $437.44 P/E Ratio 160.63 Div Yield 1.81 Market Cap 34.3B Public Storage U.S.: NYSE: PSA $208.41 -1.46 (-0.70%) Volume 105.7K Open $210.00 High $210.48 Low $208.32 P/E Ratio 29.79 Div Yield 3.81 Market Cap 36.5B Prologis Inc. U.S.: NYSE: PLD $56.23 -0.53 (-0.93%) Volume 102.4K Open $56.66 High $56.80 Low $56.23 P/E Ratio 25.26 Div Yield 3.11 Market Cap 30.1B Avalonbay Communities Inc. U.S.: NYSE: AVB $193.64 -1.10 (-0.56%) Volume 28757 Open $195.18 High $195.18 Low $193.64 P/E Ratio 25.94 Div Yield 2.92 Market Cap 26.8B Vanguard Materials ETF U.S.: NYSE Arca: VAW $121.07 +0.13 (+0.11%) Volume 3312 Open $120.92 High $121.07 Low $120.53 P/E Ratio 0 Div Yield 1.67 Market Cap N/A Dow Chemical Co. U.S.: NYSE: DOW $63.94 -0.04 (-0.06%) Volume 205.2K Open $63.79 High $64.06 Low $63.79 P/E Ratio 17.26 Div Yield 2.88 Market Cap 78.2B E.I. DuPont de Nemours & Co. U.S.: NYSE: DD $81.41 +0.06 (+0.07%) Volume 116.2K Open $81.35 High $81.52 Low $81.18 P/E Ratio 29.75 Div Yield 1.87 Market Cap 70.5B Monsanto Co. U.S.: NYSE: MON $117.74 -0.01 (-0.01%) Volume 86616 Open $117.70 High $117.87 Low $117.68 P/E Ratio 27.1 Div Yield 1.83 Market Cap 51.7B Praxair Inc. U.S.: NYSE: PX $132.33 -0.75 (-0.56%) Volume 76698 Open $132.64 High $133.14 Low $132.08 P/E Ratio 24.8 Div Yield 2.38 Market Cap 38.0B Ecolab Inc. U.S.: NYSE: ECL $133.03 -0.49 (-0.37%) Volume 46870 Open $133.40 High $133.60 Low $133.02 P/E Ratio 31.46 Div Yield 1.11 Market Cap 38.7B Vanguard Telecommunication Services ETF U.S.: NYSE Arca: VOX $95.04 +0.12 (+0.12%) Volume 2549 Open $95.00 High $95.04 Low $94.93 P/E Ratio 0 Div Yield 3.4 Market Cap N/A AT&T Inc. U.S.: NYSE: T $38.72 -0.04 (-0.10%) Volume 1.2M Open $38.81 High $38.84 Low $38.70 P/E Ratio 19 Div Yield 5.06 Market Cap 238.3B Verizon Communications Inc. U.S.: NYSE: VZ $46.47 -0.04 (-0.08%) Volume 771.0K Open $46.50 High $46.55 Low $46.45 P/E Ratio 15.49 Div Yield 4.97 Market Cap 189.7B T-Mobile US Inc. U.S.: Nasdaq: TMUS $65.71 -0.21 (-0.32%) Volume 89331 Open $66.04 High $66.25 Low $65.70 P/E Ratio 34.61 Div Yield 0 Market Cap 54.8B Level 3 Communications Inc. U.S.: NYSE: LVLT $62.12 +0.11 (+0.18%) Volume 58505 Open $62.05 High $62.23 Low $61.83 P/E Ratio 35.27 Div Yield 0 Market Cap 22.4B CenturyLink Inc. U.S.: NYSE: CTL $25.86 +0.07 (+0.27%) Volume 347.1K Open $25.80 High $25.94 Low $25.70 P/E Ratio 25.21 Div Yield 8.4 Market Cap 14.2B
Contact Us Journalists Blog Log In Sign Up Send a Release News Solutions Resources Search News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News español português Česko Danmark Deutschland España France Italia Nederlands Norge Polska Portugal Россия Slovensko Sverige Suomi Axovant Strengthens Executive Team with Key Management Appointments Accomplished Industry Leaders Join Recently Appointed CEO David Hung and COO Marion McCourt News provided by Axovant Sciences 06 Jun, 2017, 07:30 ET Share this article BASEL, Switzerland, June 6, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- Axovant Sciences (NYSE: AXON) today announced that it has made several key senior management hires to strengthen its executive team. Stephen Mohr has joined the Company as general counsel; Eric Floyd, Ph.D., as senior vice president, regulatory affairs; Thomas Templeman, Ph.D., as senior vice president, pharmaceutical operations and quality assurance; Mark Wadley as senior vice president, U.S. business; and Samina Bari as vice president, corporate communications. In addition, the Company appointed current executive team member Shankar Ramaswamy, M.D., to a new role as vice president, global medical affairs.    "We are delighted to welcome this group of accomplished pharmaceutical and biotech leaders to Axovant," said David Hung, M.D., chief executive officer of Axovant. "Each will play a critical role in the Company's near- and longer-term success as we focus on developing therapies for Alzheimer's disease and other forms of dementia, as well as for other neurological diseases for which new treatments are so desperately needed." "I look forward to working alongside these impressive leaders," said Marion McCourt, president and chief operating officer. "We are building an executive team of forward thinking industry leaders with proven track records and decades of experience. Known for their flawless execution, these individuals will help take Axovant to our next stage of growth." New Executive Team Members Mr. Mohr joins Axovant with over 25 years of experience in pharmaceutical legal and compliance matters. He was previously U.S. General Counsel and Deputy General Counsel, North America at AstraZeneca. Prior to assuming that position, he was Global Compliance Officer for AstraZeneca. He also held a number of senior legal and compliance positions at Bristol-Myers Squibb Company, including Vice President and Senior Counsel, U.S. Medicines. Earlier in his career, he specialized in litigation matters at Weiss David Fross Zelnick & Lehrman, P.C. (now Fross Zelnick Lehrman & Zissu) and Rivkin Leff Sherman & Radler (now Rivkin Radler LLP). Mr. Mohr holds a B.A. from Yale University and a J.D. from the University of Virginia School of Law. Dr. Floyd joins Axovant with nearly 20 years of regulatory experience within the pharmaceutical industry. Most recently, he was president of compliance services and chief scientific officer at Dohmen Life Science Services, Inc. He was SVP, US Regulatory Affairs and Clinical Quality Compliance at Lundbeck Inc., Global Vice President of Regulatory Affairs at Hospira, Vice President of Worldwide Regulatory Affairs and Quality Assurance at Cephalon and VP and Global Head of Respiratory, Dermatology, and Tropical Medicines Drug Regulatory Affairs at Novartis and held senior leadership roles at Bristol Myers Squibb, Aventis and Merck Research Laboratories. Dr. Floyd holds a B.S. from the University of Illinois, an M.S. from Tennessee State University, an M.B.A. from St. Joseph's University, Philadelphia, and a Ph.D. from Meharry Medical College, Nashville. Dr. Templeman joins Axovant with over 25 years of experience across various aspects of pharmaceutical operations. He most recently served as chief operations officer at Graybug Vision, and was senior vice president of pharmaceutical operations and quality at Medivation prior to that. He previously held positions of increasing responsibility at Hospira, Inc., Liquidia Technologies, and the Johnson & Johnson companies Centocor Biologics and Ortho Clinical Diagnostics. Dr. Templeman holds a B.S. from the University of Santa Clara and a Ph.D. from Dartmouth College. Mr. Wadley joins Axovant with 24 years of commercial leadership experience across sales, marketing, payer access and commercial operations. Mr. Wadley most recently served as senior vice president of sales at Guardant Health and previously was Vice President Oncology Sales, Organized Customers, and Payer at Medivation. He has also held various roles of increasing responsibility at Amgen, Wyeth BioPharma and Genetics Institute. Mr. Wadley holds a B.S. from Arizona State University. Ms. Bari joins Axovant with over 25 years of U.S. and global communications experience in the healthcare and pharmaceutical industries. Most recently, she was vice president of corporate communications at Medivation, and was senior vice president of corporate communications at Pharmacyclics prior to that. She has also held positions of increasing responsibility at Ikaria, Johnson & Johnson and Pfizer, in addition to having held senior-level positions at several of the world's leading global communications firms. She began her career at a New York teaching hospital.  Ms. Bari holds a B.A. and M.A. from New York University. In addition, current executive team member Dr. Shankar Ramaswamy will take on a new role at Axovant as vice president, global medical affairs. Dr. Ramaswamy was one of the earliest employees of Axovant and has served the company in multiple roles, including most recently as vice president, medical and scientific communications. He was also involved in the scientific evaluation of new assets for Axovant. Dr. Ramaswamy holds an A.B. from Harvard University and a M.D. from Brown University.  Additional New Hires Mark A. Demitrack, M.D., joins Axovant as vice president, clinical research with over 25 years of academic and industry experience. Most recently, he was vice president and chief medical officer at Neuronetics. He previously held positions of increasing responsibility at Wyeth Pharmaceuticals, Lilly Research Laboratories, and University of Michigan. Dr. Demitrack holds a B.A. from Columbia University and an M.D. from the Robert Wood Johnson Medical School at the University of Medicine and Dentistry of New Jersey. Richard O'Neal, R.Ph., joins Axovant as vice president of payer, access and reimbursement with more than 20 years of experience in U.S. payer and reimbursement. Most recently, he was executive director of national accounts at Amgen. He also held positions of increasing responsibility at Express Scripts, Inc. Prior to that, he was a pharmacy manager at Walgreen's Pharmacy. He holds a B.S. from the St. Louis College of Pharmacy and an M.B.A. from Lindenwood University in Missouri. About Axovant Sciences Axovant is a clinical-stage biopharmaceutical company focused on developing and commercializing innovative medicines to broadly address multiple forms of dementia and related neurological disorders. Axovant is developing a pipeline of late- and early-stage product candidates that focuses on the cognitive, functional, and behavioral aspects of debilitating conditions such as Alzheimer's disease and Lewy body dementia and other neurological disorders. For more information, visit www.axovant.com. Forward-Looking Statement This press release contains forward-looking statements, including statements regarding Axovant's clinical development and regulatory strategy for intepirdine and nelotanserin. Forward-looking statements can be identified by the words "believe," "anticipate," "continue," "estimate," "project," "expect," "plan," "potential," "intend," "will," "would," "could," "should" or the negative or plural of these words or other similar expressions that are predictions or indicate future events, trends or prospects. Forward-looking statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially and reported results should not be considered as an indication of future performance. These risks and uncertainties include, but are not limited to: risks associated with the success, cost and timing of our product development activities and clinical trials; the approval and commercialization of intepirdine and nelotanserin; and increased regulatory requirements. These statements are subject to the risk that clinical trial data are subject to differing interpretations, and regulatory agencies, medical and scientific experts and others may not share Axovant's views of the clinical study data. In addition, promising interim results or other preliminary analyses do not in any way ensure that later or final results in a clinical trial or in related or similar clinical trials will replicate those interim results. The product discussed is investigational and not approved and there can be no assurance that the clinical program for intepirdine or nelotanserin will be successful in demonstrating safety and/or efficacy, that we will not encounter problems or delays in clinical development, or that any of our product candidates will ever receive regulatory approval or be successfully commercialized. For a further description of the risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ from those expressed in these forward-looking statements, as well as risks relating to Axovant's business in general, see the "Risk Factors" section of our quarterly report on Form 10-Q filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on February 14, 2017, and other filings that Axovant makes with the SEC from time to time. These forward-looking statements are based on information available to Axovant as of the date of this press release and speak only as of the date of this release. Axovant disclaims any obligation to update these forward-looking statements, except as may be required by law. To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/axovant-strengthens-executive-team-with-key-management-appointments-300469322.html SOURCE Axovant Sciences Related Links http://www.axovant.com 06 Jun, 2017, 07:30 ET Preview: Axovant Announces Changes to Board of Directors My News Release contains wide tables. View fullscreen. Also from this source 31 May, 2017, 16:30 ET Axovant Announces Changes to Board of Directors 31 May, 2017, 16:30 ET Axovant Sciences to Present at Upcoming Investor Conferences Explore More news releases in similar topics Biotechnology Health Care & Hospitals Medical Pharmaceuticals Pharmaceuticals Personnel Announcements You just read: Axovant Strengthens Executive Team with Key Management Appointments News provided by Axovant Sciences 06 Jun, 2017, 07:30 ET Share this article Looking to send a news release with PR Newswire? Take advantage of the world's leading distribution platform. Sign up to get started Request more information Have an account? Log In Phone 8AM - 10PM ET +1-888-776-0942 Send a Release Sign Up Blog For Journalists Contact Us Search Searching for your content... Advanced Search Contact PR Newswire 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Contact Us General Inquiries Request a Demo Editorial Bureaus Partnerships Media Inquiries Worldwide Offices Solutions Cision Communications Cloud™ For Marketers For Public Relations For IR & Compliance For Agency For Small Business All Products About About PR Newswire About Cision Become a Publishing Partner Become a Channel Partner Careers   Global Sites Asia Brazil Canada Czech Denmark Finland France India Israel Mexico Middle East Netherlands Norway Poland Portugal Russia Slovakia Spain Sweden United Kingdom My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Terms of Use Privacy Policy Information Security Policy Statement Site Map RSS Feeds Copyright © 2017 PR Newswire Association LLC. All Rights Reserved. A Cision company. News Solutions Resources News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News español português Česko Danmark Deutschland España France Italia Nederlands Norge Polska Portugal Россия Slovensko Sverige Suomi Phone 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Chat All contact info Send a Release Log In
Latest News Dow 21,164 -10.19 -0.05% Nasdaq 6,286 -11.23 -0.18% S&P 500 2,430 -2.86 -0.12% 9:49 A.M. ET Updated Need an antidote to the Triple Threat? This unloved stock is poised for revival 9:48 A.M. ET James Comey testifies at blockbuster hearing in Senate: live blog and video 9:46 A.M. ET Updated U.S. jobless claims remain near lowest level in decades 9:40 A.M. ET Breaking Nasdaq Composite turns negative after briefly setting an intraday record in morning trade 9:35 A.M. ET Alibaba's stock soars toward record price gain, adding over $41 billion to market cap 9:34 A.M. ET CCTV Shows Police Shooting London Bridge Attackers 9:34 A.M. ET Updated Euro retreats from 6-month high after ECB comments 9:34 A.M. ET Updated This city is helping its employees pay off their student loans 9:32 A.M. ET U.S. stocks open flat as investors look ahead to U.K. election, Comey testimony 9:32 A.M. ET S&P 500, Dow trade at break-even levels at the open, ahead of Comey testimony 9:31 A.M. ET Breaking Nasdaq Composite touches intraday record at the open 6,311.89 9:30 A.M. ET Breaking Stock market opens slightly higher on jam-packed Thursday 9:30 A.M. ET Coastal and Cosmopolitan Valencia Attracts Expats 9:26 A.M. ET Pandora extends pre-closing period in KKR investment, exploring alternatives 9:25 A.M. ET ECB live blog recap: Mario Draghi takes ‘baby step’ toward cutting stimulus 9:21 A.M. ET Updated Comey’s juicy Trump account leaves some big questions unanswered 9:18 A.M. ET Draghi concludes ECB news conference 9:14 A.M. ET Updated Stock market set to open slightly higher as ‘Super Thursday’ gets under way 9:13 A.M. ET Updated Why house prices in gay neighborhoods are soaring 9:12 A.M. ET Pandora shares up 2% in premarket after extending pre-closing period in KKR investment Log In Home News Viewer Video SectorWatch Podcasts First Take Games Portfolio My MarketWatch News Viewer Markets U.S. Europe/Middle East Emerging Markets Asia Canada SectorWatch Columns Market Snapshot Movers & Shakers The Tell Currencies Futures Movers Pre-Market News Tools Earnings Wall Markets Overview IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar Currency Tools Futures Contracts Market Screener Hulbert Interactive Investing Stocks Mutual Funds ETFs Options Bonds Commodities Currencies Futures Financial Adviser Center Hedge Funds/Insider Trades Getting Started MarketWatch Adviser Columns Options Trader Revolution Investing Tools Stock Screener Funds Finder ETF Screener Options Screener IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar More... Personal Finance 10 Things Big Spender Real Estate Spending & Saving Taxes Columns The Moneyologist Brett Arends Bill Bischoff Amy Hoak Chuck Jaffe Jennifer Openshaw Jennifer Waters Tools Funds Finder Today's Rates Retirement Retire Here, Not There Encore Taxes How-to Guides Social Security Estate Planning Events Columns Robert Powell's Retirement Portfolio Andrea Coombes's Working Retirement Tools Retirement Planner How long will my money last? Economy Federal Reserve Capitol Report Economic Report Columns Darrell Delamaide Irwin Kellner Rex Nutting Tools Economic Calendar Real Estate realtor.com My MarketWatch Watchlist Alerts Games Log In Home Press Release Axovant Strengthens Executive Team with Key Management Appointments By Published: June 6, 2017 7:30 a.m. ET Share Accomplished Industry Leaders Join Recently Appointed CEO David Hung and COO Marion McCourt BASEL, Switzerland, June 6, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- Axovant Sciences AXON, -0.27% today announced that it has made several key senior management hires to strengthen its executive team. Stephen Mohr has joined the Company as general counsel; Eric Floyd, Ph.D., as senior vice president, regulatory affairs; Thomas Templeman, Ph.D., as senior vice president, pharmaceutical operations and quality assurance; Mark Wadley as senior vice president, U.S. business; and Samina Bari as vice president, corporate communications. In addition, the Company appointed current executive team member Shankar Ramaswamy, M.D., to a new role as vice president, global medical affairs.    "We are delighted to welcome this group of accomplished pharmaceutical and biotech leaders to Axovant," said David Hung, M.D., chief executive officer of Axovant. "Each will play a critical role in the Company's near- and longer-term success as we focus on developing therapies for Alzheimer's disease and other forms of dementia, as well as for other neurological diseases for which new treatments are so desperately needed." "I look forward to working alongside these impressive leaders," said Marion McCourt, president and chief operating officer. "We are building an executive team of forward thinking industry leaders with proven track records and decades of experience. Known for their flawless execution, these individuals will help take Axovant to our next stage of growth." New Executive Team Members Mr. Mohr joins Axovant with over 25 years of experience in pharmaceutical legal and compliance matters. He was previously U.S. General Counsel and Deputy General Counsel, North America at AstraZeneca. Prior to assuming that position, he was Global Compliance Officer for AstraZeneca. He also held a number of senior legal and compliance positions at Bristol-Myers Squibb Company, including Vice President and Senior Counsel, U.S. Medicines. Earlier in his career, he specialized in litigation matters at Weiss David Fross Zelnick & Lehrman, P.C. (now Fross Zelnick Lehrman & Zissu) and Rivkin Leff Sherman & Radler (now Rivkin Radler LLP). Mr. Mohr holds a B.A. from Yale University and a J.D. from the University of Virginia School of Law. Dr. Floyd joins Axovant with nearly 20 years of regulatory experience within the pharmaceutical industry. Most recently, he was president of compliance services and chief scientific officer at Dohmen Life Science Services, Inc. He was SVP, US Regulatory Affairs and Clinical Quality Compliance at Lundbeck Inc., Global Vice President of Regulatory Affairs at Hospira, Vice President of Worldwide Regulatory Affairs and Quality Assurance at Cephalon and VP and Global Head of Respiratory, Dermatology, and Tropical Medicines Drug Regulatory Affairs at Novartis and held senior leadership roles at Bristol Myers Squibb, Aventis and Merck Research Laboratories. Dr. Floyd holds a B.S. from the University of Illinois, an M.S. from Tennessee State University, an M.B.A. from St. Joseph's University, Philadelphia, and a Ph.D. from Meharry Medical College, Nashville. Dr. Templeman joins Axovant with over 25 years of experience across various aspects of pharmaceutical operations. He most recently served as chief operations officer at Graybug Vision, and was senior vice president of pharmaceutical operations and quality at Medivation prior to that. He previously held positions of increasing responsibility at Hospira, Inc., Liquidia Technologies, and the Johnson & Johnson companies Centocor Biologics and Ortho Clinical Diagnostics. Dr. Templeman holds a B.S. from the University of Santa Clara and a Ph.D. from Dartmouth College. Mr. Wadley joins Axovant with 24 years of commercial leadership experience across sales, marketing, payer access and commercial operations. Mr. Wadley most recently served as senior vice president of sales at Guardant Health and previously was Vice President Oncology Sales, Organized Customers, and Payer at Medivation. He has also held various roles of increasing responsibility at Amgen, Wyeth BioPharma and Genetics Institute. Mr. Wadley holds a B.S. from Arizona State University. Ms. Bari joins Axovant with over 25 years of U.S. and global communications experience in the healthcare and pharmaceutical industries. Most recently, she was vice president of corporate communications at Medivation, and was senior vice president of corporate communications at Pharmacyclics prior to that. She has also held positions of increasing responsibility at Ikaria, Johnson & Johnson and Pfizer, in addition to having held senior-level positions at several of the world's leading global communications firms. She began her career at a New York teaching hospital.  Ms. Bari holds a B.A. and M.A. from New York University. In addition, current executive team member Dr. Shankar Ramaswamy will take on a new role at Axovant as vice president, global medical affairs. Dr. Ramaswamy was one of the earliest employees of Axovant and has served the company in multiple roles, including most recently as vice president, medical and scientific communications. He was also involved in the scientific evaluation of new assets for Axovant. Dr. Ramaswamy holds an A.B. from Harvard University and a M.D. from Brown University.  Additional New Hires Mark A. Demitrack, M.D., joins Axovant as vice president, clinical research with over 25 years of academic and industry experience. Most recently, he was vice president and chief medical officer at Neuronetics. He previously held positions of increasing responsibility at Wyeth Pharmaceuticals, Lilly Research Laboratories, and University of Michigan. Dr. Demitrack holds a B.A. from Columbia University and an M.D. from the Robert Wood Johnson Medical School at the University of Medicine and Dentistry of New Jersey. Richard O'Neal, R.Ph., joins Axovant as vice president of payer, access and reimbursement with more than 20 years of experience in U.S. payer and reimbursement. Most recently, he was executive director of national accounts at Amgen. He also held positions of increasing responsibility at Express Scripts, Inc. Prior to that, he was a pharmacy manager at Walgreen's Pharmacy. He holds a B.S. from the St. Louis College of Pharmacy and an M.B.A. from Lindenwood University in Missouri. About Axovant Sciences Axovant is a clinical-stage biopharmaceutical company focused on developing and commercializing innovative medicines to broadly address multiple forms of dementia and related neurological disorders. Axovant is developing a pipeline of late- and early-stage product candidates that focuses on the cognitive, functional, and behavioral aspects of debilitating conditions such as Alzheimer's disease and Lewy body dementia and other neurological disorders. For more information, visit www.axovant.com. Forward-Looking Statement This press release contains forward-looking statements, including statements regarding Axovant's clinical development and regulatory strategy for intepirdine and nelotanserin. Forward-looking statements can be identified by the words "believe," "anticipate," "continue," "estimate," "project," "expect," "plan," "potential," "intend," "will," "would," "could," "should" or the negative or plural of these words or other similar expressions that are predictions or indicate future events, trends or prospects. Forward-looking statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially and reported results should not be considered as an indication of future performance. These risks and uncertainties include, but are not limited to: risks associated with the success, cost and timing of our product development activities and clinical trials; the approval and commercialization of intepirdine and nelotanserin; and increased regulatory requirements. These statements are subject to the risk that clinical trial data are subject to differing interpretations, and regulatory agencies, medical and scientific experts and others may not share Axovant's views of the clinical study data. In addition, promising interim results or other preliminary analyses do not in any way ensure that later or final results in a clinical trial or in related or similar clinical trials will replicate those interim results. The product discussed is investigational and not approved and there can be no assurance that the clinical program for intepirdine or nelotanserin will be successful in demonstrating safety and/or efficacy, that we will not encounter problems or delays in clinical development, or that any of our product candidates will ever receive regulatory approval or be successfully commercialized. For a further description of the risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ from those expressed in these forward-looking statements, as well as risks relating to Axovant's business in general, see the "Risk Factors" section of our quarterly report on Form 10-Q filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on February 14, 2017, and other filings that Axovant makes with the SEC from time to time. These forward-looking statements are based on information available to Axovant as of the date of this press release and speak only as of the date of this release. Axovant disclaims any obligation to update these forward-looking statements, except as may be required by law. To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/axovant-strengthens-executive-team-with-key-management-appointments-300469322.html SOURCE Axovant Sciences Copyright (C) 2017 PR Newswire. All rights reserved From MarketWatch More Coverage This is how many drinks a week is bad for your brain This is why the Midwest will be the hottest retirement destination Need an antidote to the Triple Threat? This unloved stock is poised for revival Quote References AXON -0.06 -0.27% Most Popular Why house prices in gay neighborhoods are soaring Stock market set to open slightly higher as ‘Super Thursday’ gets under way Bill Gross warns U.S. market risk is at highest since 2008 crisis Four big events that are prompting investors to sell stocks and buy bonds and gold Women and Alcohol: One Glass a Day Linked to Cancer MarketWatch Partner Center Sponsored Headlines MarketWatch Site Index Topics Help Feedback Newsroom Roster Media Archive Premium Products Mobile Company Company Info Code of Conduct Corrections Advertising Media Kit Advertise Locally Reprints & Licensing Broker Center Your Ad Choices Dow Jones Network WSJ.com Barron's Online BigCharts Virtual Stock Exchange Financial News London WSJ.com Small Business realtor.com Mansion Global Back to Top Copyright ©2017 MarketWatch, Inc. All rights reserved. By using this site you agree to the Terms of Service, Privacy Policy, and Cookie Policy. Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real-time last sale data for U.S. stock quotes reflect trades reported through Nasdaq only. Intraday data delayed at least 15 minutes or per exchange requirements. Advanced Search Stocks Columns Authors Topics No results found Axovant Sciences Ltd. U.S.: NYSE: AXON $22.49 -0.06 (-0.27%) Volume 77343 Open $22.65 High $22.75 Low $22.39 P/E Ratio 0 Div Yield 0 Market Cap 2.2B
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 7 June 2017 by Arun Patil International Hospital Acquired Pneumonia (HAP) Drugs Market 2017-2021: Industry Consumption, Suppliers, Rivalry, Customers, Geography, Drivers, Challenges, Trends, Shares & Forecast Global Hospital Acquired Pneumonia Drugs Market report provide emerging opportunities in the market and the future impact of major drivers and challenges and, support decision makers in making cost-effective business decisions. The Hospital Acquired Pneumonia Drugs market report assesses key opportunities in the market and outlines the factors that are and will be driving the growth of the Hospital Acquired Pneumonia Drugs industry. The Hospital Acquired Pneumonia Drugs Market is anticipated to increase at a significant CAGR of 2.22% during the years 2017-2021. Hospital Acquired Pneumonia Drugs Market Report Covered: Emerging market trends, market dynamics, industry structure and developments, market share assessments for the regional and country level segments, Hospital Acquired Pneumonia Drugs market report includes segmentation (By Type, By Applications, By End-Users, & More), key market players, and strategies in the market, detailed value chain analysis and review of growth factors essential for the existing market players and new entrants. Get Sample PDF of Hospital Acquired Pneumonia Drugs Market Report @ http://www.360marketupdates.com/enquiry/request-sample/10657172 Hospital Acquired Pneumonia Drugs Market Segmentation by: Drug Class:  Antibacterial drug, Antiviral drugs, Others.  The Hospital Acquired Pneumonia Drugs market report delivers study on the market dynamics which shows how the industry is growing. Drivers:  Unmet demand due to lack of available treatment for MDR microorganisms. Challenges:  Growing cases of MDR microorganisms. Trends:  Combination therapy for the treatment of HAP, Growing preference for accurate diagnosis of disease, Rising R&D for effective treatment against superbugs/MDR microorganisms. Hospital Acquired Pneumonia Drugs market report provides detailed study on the major drivers and challenges with respect to regions, key players & their impact. Browse Detailed Information on Global Hospital Acquired Pneumonia Drugs Market Report @ http://www.360marketupdates.com/10657172 Geographical Regions: Americas, APAC, EMEA. The Hospital Acquired Pneumonia Drugs market report analyses the market potential for each geographical region based on the growth rate, macroeconomic parameters, consumer buying patterns, demand and present scenarios in Hospital Acquired Pneumonia Drugs industry. Global Hospital Acquired Pneumonia Drugs Market 2017-2021, has been prepared based on an in-depth market analysis with inputs from industry experts. The report covers the market landscape and its growth prospects over the coming years. The report also includes a discussion of the key vendors operating in this market. Key Vendors:  GlaxoSmithKline, Merck, Novartis, Pfizer, and many more. The Hospital Acquired Pneumonia Drugs Market report includes company share analysis for the major companies operating in this market by major regions. Price of Report: $3500 (Single User License) Get Full Access @ https://www.360marketupdates.com/purchase/10657172 The Hospital Acquired Pneumonia Drugs market report highlight the economy, past and emerging trend of industry, and availability of basic resources. Furthermore, the Hospital Acquired Pneumonia Drugs market report explains development trend, analysis of upstream raw materials, downstream demand, and current market dynamics is also carried out. In the end, the report makes some important proposals for a new project of Hospital Acquired Pneumonia Drugs market before evaluating its possibility. CategoriesGoogle News, Satellite, satPRnews Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Surface Protection Tape Market Trends Forecast Analysis by Manufacturers, Regions, Type and Application to 2021 Next PostNext Global Fractionated Fatty Acid Market Explores New Growth Opportunities by 2021 Search Recent Posts Germany Acid Proof Lining Market projected to register a CAGR of 5.9% during 2016-2026 Global Industrial Microbiology Market expected to expand at a CAGR of 7.1% over 2016-2024 Tantalum Capacitors Market Trends Global Industry Analysis, Top Manufacturers, Share, Growth, Statistics, Opportunities & Forecast up to 2022 Thornhill Medical’s MOVES® SLC™ Portable Emergency Life Support System Receives 510K Clearance From The US FDA Asia-Pacific Polyether Block Amide (PEBA) Market Research Report 2017 to 2022 RSS Feed Subscribe RSS Feed (link) Proudly powered by WordPress
About Us Contact Us Help user name password Client login:    First time user sign up Forgot your login info? Website Directory     Submit Website Search All categoriesAdvertising  GeneralAerospace  GeneralAgriculture  GeneralAirlines  GeneralAmerica - Post 9/11  GeneralApparel  GeneralApple Products  GeneralArchitectural  GeneralArchitecture  ArchitectureArt & Entertainments  Books  Celebrities  Country Music  Dance  Magazines  Movies  Museums  Music  Music Downloads  News & Talk Shows  Performing Arts  Photography  Television  Web SitesArts/Culture  GeneralAuction  GeneralAutomotive  Aftermarket  Classic Autos  Consumer Publications  General  Motorcycle & Bike  Racing  Recreational Vehicle  Repair & Service  Trade PublicationsBlogging & Social Media  Blogging & Social MediaBusiness  Advertising / Marketing  Books  Consumer Research  Direct Marketing  e-Commerce  Entrepreneurs  Finance  Franchise  Human Resources  Insurance  Investment  Management  Markets  Network Marketing  Online Marketing / SEO  Payday Loans  Public Relations  Publications  Real Estate  Retail  Stocks  Supermarkets  Women in BusinessCareers/HR  GeneralChemical  GeneralCoaching / Mentoring  Coaching / MentoringComputers  Apple Products  Databases  Games & Entertainment  General  Hosting  Instruction  Linux / GNU "Open Source"  Macintosh  Microsoft Windows PC  Operating Systems  Programming  Security  Software  Tablet PCs  UtilitiesConstruction  GeneralConsumer  Gifts and Collectibles  Hobbies  Web sites / InternetDesign  Graphic Design  Industrial  WebE-Cigarette  GeneraleCommerce  GeneralEconomy  GeneralEducation  College / University  General  Home Schooling  K-12  Post Graduate  TechnicalElectronics  GeneralEmail Marketing  GeneralEmailWire Press Releases  Press Release TipsEmployment/Careers  GeneralEngineering  GeneralEntertainment  GeneralEnvironment  GeneralEvents / Trade Shows  GeneralFinance  GeneralFood  GeneralFranchise  GeneralFraud / Identity Theft  GeneralGaming  GeneralGovernment  General  Judicial  Law Enforcement  Legislative  Local  National  Public Services  Security  State  TransportationHealthcare  GeneralHome and Family  Banking / Personal Finance  Bereavement / Loss  Home Furnishings / Interiors  Landscaping & Gardening  Marriage / Relationships  Money  Parenting  Payday Loans  Pets  Taxes  Wedding / BridalHome Schooling  GeneralHotels/Resorts  GeneralHousehold  GeneralIndustry  Aerospace / Defense  Agriculture  Apparel / Textiles  Broadcast  Construction / Building  Electrical  Food  Funeral  Healthcare  Leisure / Hospitality  Logistics / Shipping  Manufacturing / Production  Mining / Metals  Oil / Energy  Paper / Forest Products  Plumbing, Heating & AC  Print Media  Printing  Publishing  Radio  Restaurants  Tobacco  ToyInsurance  GeneralInternet/Online  GeneralLegal  GeneralLeisure  GeneralLifestyle  Beauty  Dating / Singles  Diet / Weight Loss  Fashion  Food / Beverage  Health & Fitness  Hotel / Resorts  Pastimes  Restaurants  Retirement  Travel & TourismMachinery  GeneralMaritime  GeneralMedical  Addiction  Allergies  Alternative Medicine  Asthma  Cancer  Cardiology  Chiropractic  Dental  Dermatology  Diabetes  Emergency  Family Medicine  General  General  Geriatrics  Hospitals  Infectious Diseases  Internal Medicine  Managed Care / HMO  Medical Products  Mental Health  Neurology  Nursing  Nutrition  OB / GYN  Pediatrics  Pharmaceuticals  Physical Therapy  Plastic Surgery  Psychology  Radiology / Imaging  Research  Sports Medicine  Surgery  VisionMilitary  GeneralMining/Metals  GeneralMiscellaneous  GeneralNanotechnology  NanotechnologyNon-profit  GeneralOccupational Safety  Occupational SafetyOil/Energy  GeneralOpinion / Editorial  Opinion / EditorialPaper Products  GeneralPaper/Forest  GeneralPharmaceuticals  GeneralPodcasting  Announce  Tools and ServicesPolitics  PoliticsPrint Media  GeneralPublic Utilities  Public UtilitiesPublishing  GeneralRadio  GeneralReal Estate  GeneralReligion  Christian  General  Islam  Jewish  OtherRestaurants  GeneralRetail  GeneralRSS & Content Syndication  RSS & Content SyndicationScience and Research  Science and ResearchSelf-Help / Personal Growth  Self-Help / Personal GrowthShipbuilding  GeneralSociety  African American Interests  Asian Interests  Childrens Issues  Disabled Issues / Disabilities  Gay / Lesbian  Hispanic  Mens Interests  Native American  Senior Citizens  Social Services  Teen Issues/Interests  Womens InterestSoftware  GeneralSports  Baseball  Basketball  Bicycling  Boating / Maritime  Bowling  Boxing  Fishing  Football  Golf  Hockey  Hunting  Martial Arts  Outdoors  Rugby  Soccer  Tennis  Water  Winter/SnowSports/Fitness  GeneralStocks  GeneralSupermarkets  GeneralTechnology  Biotechnology  Computer  Electronics  Enterprise Software  Games  Graphics/Printing/CAD  Hardware / Peripherals  Industrial  Information  Internet  Multimedia  Networking  Public Sector/Government  Robotics  Semiconductor  Software  Telecommunications  WebmastersTelecom  General  WirelessTelevision  GeneralTobacco  GeneralTrade  GeneralTransportation  GeneralTravel  GeneralUtilities  GeneralVolunteer  VolunteerWeather  Weather Home > News By Company > Market Data Forecast Tweet   Global Contraceptives Market was worth $ 21.5 billion in 2016 and estimated to reach $ 29.60 billion by the end of 2021 The Global Contraceptives Market was worth $ 21.5 billion in 2016 and estimated to reach $ 29.60 billion by the end of 2021 with a growing potential of 6.6 %.   (EMAILWIRE.COM, June 06, 2017 ) The Global Contraceptives Market was worth $ 21.5 billion in 2016 and estimated to reach $ 29.60 billion by the end of 2021 with a growing potential of 6.6 %. Contraceptives market is predicted to grow rapidly due to increasing awareness in making right decisions about their sexual and reproductive health. Full report at: http://www.marketdataforecast.com/market-reports/global-contraceptives-market-1228/ Contraception is a prevention of pregnancy by interfering with normal process of fertilization, ovulation and implantation through the use of drugs, barriers, medical devices, surgical techniques. They are the drugs which will also inhibit sexually transmitted diseases. These devices are available in different forms such as loop, coil, T-shaped and triangle which are mostly made up of plastic or metal. Currently the trend witnessed in this market is the development of products such as vaginal rings, self-administrative contraceptive injections, sub-dermal contraceptive implants, non-surgical permanent contraception devices, etc. The major drivers that influencing the market are increasing development of effective female contraceptive devices and drugs, technological advancements, increasing initiatives from government and NGO to promote contraceptives, implementation of the patient protection act as well as rising global prevalence of sexually transmitted infections (STI). Instead of critical family procedures adoption of new permanent contraceptive is the major driver in low-income countries. Restraints that are hampering the growth of the market are the side effects associated with the use of contraceptive devices and drugs, rising prevalence of infertility. Based on drug type the market is segmented into Contraceptive pills, Topical contraceptives, Contraceptive injectable, others (contraceptive gels, jellies and creams). Based on medical devices the market is segmented into Male contraceptive devices (Condoms), Female contraceptive devices. Female contraceptive devices are further classified into female condoms, intrauterine devices (Hormonal IUDs, Copper IUDs), contraceptive sponges, contraceptive diaphragms, subdermal contraceptive implants, contraceptive patches and non-surgical permanent contraceptive devices. Request sample: http://www.marketdataforecast.com/market-reports/global-contraceptives-market-1228/request-sample Based on end users the market is segmented into Hospitals, Home care, Clinics and Ambulatory Surgical Centres and on the basis of geography, the Contraceptives market is analysed under various regions namely North America, Europe, Asia-Pacific, Latin America, Middle East and Africa. Some of the key players that are dominating the global contraceptives market are Bayer HealthCare AG, Teva Pharmaceutical Industries Limited, Medisafe Distribution Inc, Pace Pharmaceuticals Inc., Medicines360, Church & Dwight, Co., Inc., Actavis, Inc., Cooper Surgical, Inc., Merck & Co., Inc., Reckitt Benckiser plc, Mayer Laboratories, Inc., and Pfizer, Inc. About Market Data Forecast: The publisher of this report is Market Data Forecast whose forte lies in Market research and Business Intelligence. Handling both individual and corporate clients across multiple business domains they offer syndicated/customized research to suit the clients research objective. Their research reports section offers a wide variety of market studies ranging from all-encompassing comprehensive market studies to product specific niche markets covering North America among other regions of the global market as well. For more info kindly visit, www.marketdataforecast.com Contact: Abhishek Shukla Sales Manager (International Business Development) Market Data Forecast Direct Line: +1-888-702-9626 Mobile: +91 998 555 0206 Mail: abhishek@marketdataforecast.com Visit MarketDataForecast Blog @ http://www.marketdataforecast.com/blog/ View latest Press Releases of MDF @ http://www.marketdataforecast.com/press-releases Contact Information: Market Data Forecast Abhishek Tel: +1-888- 702-9626 Email us This is a press release. Press release distribution and press release services by EmailWire.Com: http://www.emailwire.com/us-press-release-distribution.php. 
   Search All categoriesAdvertising  GeneralAerospace  GeneralAgriculture  GeneralAirlines  GeneralAmerica - Post 9/11  GeneralApparel  GeneralApple Products  GeneralArchitectural  GeneralArchitecture  ArchitectureArt & Entertainments  Books  Celebrities  Country Music  Dance  Magazines  Movies  Museums  Music  Music Downloads  News & Talk Shows  Performing Arts  Photography  Television  Web SitesArts/Culture  GeneralAuction  GeneralAutomotive  Aftermarket  Classic Autos  Consumer Publications  General  Motorcycle & Bike  Racing  Recreational Vehicle  Repair & Service  Trade PublicationsBlogging & Social Media  Blogging & Social MediaBusiness  Advertising / Marketing  Books  Consumer Research  Direct Marketing  e-Commerce  Entrepreneurs  Finance  Franchise  Human Resources  Insurance  Investment  Management  Markets  Network Marketing  Online Marketing / SEO  Payday Loans  Public Relations  Publications  Real Estate  Retail  Stocks  Supermarkets  Women in BusinessCareers/HR  GeneralChemical  GeneralCoaching / Mentoring  Coaching / MentoringComputers  Apple Products  Databases  Games & Entertainment  General  Hosting  Instruction  Linux / GNU "Open Source"  Macintosh  Microsoft Windows PC  Operating Systems  Programming  Security  Software  Tablet PCs  UtilitiesConstruction  GeneralConsumer  Gifts and Collectibles  Hobbies  Web sites / InternetDesign  Graphic Design  Industrial  WebE-Cigarette  GeneraleCommerce  GeneralEconomy  GeneralEducation  College / University  General  Home Schooling  K-12  Post Graduate  TechnicalElectronics  GeneralEmail Marketing  GeneralEmailWire Press Releases  Press Release TipsEmployment/Careers  GeneralEngineering  GeneralEntertainment  GeneralEnvironment  GeneralEvents / Trade Shows  GeneralFinance  GeneralFood  GeneralFranchise  GeneralFraud / Identity Theft  GeneralGaming  GeneralGovernment  General  Judicial  Law Enforcement  Legislative  Local  National  Public Services  Security  State  TransportationHealthcare  GeneralHome and Family  Banking / Personal Finance  Bereavement / Loss  Home Furnishings / Interiors  Landscaping & Gardening  Marriage / Relationships  Money  Parenting  Payday Loans  Pets  Taxes  Wedding / BridalHome Schooling  GeneralHotels/Resorts  GeneralHousehold  GeneralIndustry  Aerospace / Defense  Agriculture  Apparel / Textiles  Broadcast  Construction / Building  Electrical  Food  Funeral  Healthcare  Leisure / Hospitality  Logistics / Shipping  Manufacturing / Production  Mining / Metals  Oil / Energy  Paper / Forest Products  Plumbing, Heating & AC  Print Media  Printing  Publishing  Radio  Restaurants  Tobacco  ToyInsurance  GeneralInternet/Online  GeneralLegal  GeneralLeisure  GeneralLifestyle  Beauty  Dating / Singles  Diet / Weight Loss  Fashion  Food / Beverage  Health & Fitness  Hotel / Resorts  Pastimes  Restaurants  Retirement  Travel & TourismMachinery  GeneralMaritime  GeneralMedical  Addiction  Allergies  Alternative Medicine  Asthma  Cancer  Cardiology  Chiropractic  Dental  Dermatology  Diabetes  Emergency  Family Medicine  General  General  Geriatrics  Hospitals  Infectious Diseases  Internal Medicine  Managed Care / HMO  Medical Products  Mental Health  Neurology  Nursing  Nutrition  OB / GYN  Pediatrics  Pharmaceuticals  Physical Therapy  Plastic Surgery  Psychology  Radiology / Imaging  Research  Sports Medicine  Surgery  VisionMilitary  GeneralMining/Metals  GeneralMiscellaneous  GeneralNanotechnology  NanotechnologyNon-profit  GeneralOccupational Safety  Occupational SafetyOil/Energy  GeneralOpinion / Editorial  Opinion / EditorialPaper Products  GeneralPaper/Forest  GeneralPharmaceuticals  GeneralPodcasting  Announce  Tools and ServicesPolitics  PoliticsPrint Media  GeneralPublic Utilities  Public UtilitiesPublishing  GeneralRadio  GeneralReal Estate  GeneralReligion  Christian  General  Islam  Jewish  OtherRestaurants  GeneralRetail  GeneralRSS & Content Syndication  RSS & Content SyndicationScience and Research  Science and ResearchSelf-Help / Personal Growth  Self-Help / Personal GrowthShipbuilding  GeneralSociety  African American Interests  Asian Interests  Childrens Issues  Disabled Issues / Disabilities  Gay / Lesbian  Hispanic  Mens Interests  Native American  Senior Citizens  Social Services  Teen Issues/Interests  Womens InterestSoftware  GeneralSports  Baseball  Basketball  Bicycling  Boating / Maritime  Bowling  Boxing  Fishing  Football  Golf  Hockey  Hunting  Martial Arts  Outdoors  Rugby  Soccer  Tennis  Water  Winter/SnowSports/Fitness  GeneralStocks  GeneralSupermarkets  GeneralTechnology  Biotechnology  Computer  Electronics  Enterprise Software  Games  Graphics/Printing/CAD  Hardware / Peripherals  Industrial  Information  Internet  Multimedia  Networking  Public Sector/Government  Robotics  Semiconductor  Software  Telecommunications  WebmastersTelecom  General  WirelessTelevision  GeneralTobacco  GeneralTrade  GeneralTransportation  GeneralTravel  GeneralUtilities  GeneralVolunteer  VolunteerWeather  Weather Advertising | How to contact us | Privacy Statement | EmailWire Press Releases | Partnership Opportunities EmailWire is a press release distribution service of GroupWeb Media LLC. © Copyright GroupWeb Media LLC 2017
Health Search Search Visit for coverage from TIME, Health, Fortune and moreGo » On LeadingThis Is How Occidental Petroleum’s CEO Led Through a Crisis Donald TrumpPresident Trump’s Aides Are Urging Him Not to Fire Attorney General Jeff Sessions Comey testimonyWhat to Expect From James Comey’s Testimony UberUber’s Biggest Rival in India Says the Company Is ‘Despicable’ The world's biggest cancer conference came to a close on Tuesday. Photograph by Win McNamee via Getty Images Cancer 3 Key Takeaways from the World’s Biggest Cancer Conference Sy Mukherjee Jun 06, 2017 Today is the last day of the annual American Society of Clinical Oncology (ASCO) meeting in Chicago. The yearly confab is the biggest cancer conference in the world, attracting more than 30,000 oncology researchers, biopharma executives, investors, and public health experts. ASCO presents tiny biotechs and drug giants alike an opportunity to present their latest clinical trial data for both old and experimental drugs. There are also forums dedicated to policy issues such as drug pricing and medical standards—last year, former Vice President Joe Biden announced a federal Genomic Data Commons to expedite cancer research during a keynote address. Here are some of the key stories to come out of this year's meeting. Smaller companies grab the spotlight with impressive early results. Several of the biggest headlines to come out of ASCO 2017 involve relatively small companies like Stamford, CT-based Loxo Oncology and China's Nanjing Legend Biotech. The former saw its stock price soar nearly 50% after unveiling that its lead experimental drug, larotrectinib, produced a response in 76% of patients with a specific kind of genetic marker in a mid-stage trial. That means that the drug could prove effective in a variety of cancers so long as patients have that marker. Nanjing Legend, meanwhile, presented early data on a new kind of cancer treatment (CAR-T, which involves re-engineering patients' immune cells to fight blood cancers) that could help pit the company against drug giants like Novartis and biotechs like Kite Pharma and Juno Therapeutics which are also working in the field. Nanjing's product targets a different kind of biomarker and is being tested in multiple myeloma, a rare blood cancer. Pfizer's $14 billion Medivation deal comes under scrutiny. Pfizer was considered a major winner when it snapped up cancer biotech Medivation for $14 billion last summer. That offer (a 20% premium over the firm's market value at the time) came after a frenzy of drug makers tried to land the firm and its prostate cancer treatment Xtandi, most notably France's Sanofi. But new data presented at ASCO has some analysts wondering if Pfizer overpaid. That's because Johnson & Johnson's own therapy Zytiga produced clinical results so impressive that some investors and doctors are already predicting it will become a go-to option for newly-diagnosed men with high-risk prostate cancer. Consider: Zytiga cut the death risk for patients by 38% in a trial, meaning it could soon be prescribed much earlier in the treatment process. The J&J drug had been ceding some market share to Xtandi; that trend could very well reverse itself now. Drug combinations are the wave of the future—and could accelerate biopharma deals. One of the biggest trends in oncology R&D is testing out combinations of next-generation cancer immunotherapies called "checkpoint inhibitors" (such as Merck's Keytruda and Bristol-Myers Squibb's Opdivo) with other cancer treatments in order to make combos which could prove more effective and help a wider swath of patients. There are mountains of clinical studies testing these kinds of drug cocktails, often featuring a backbone checkpoint inhibitor drug in addition to a different type of therapy from a cancer-focused biotech. And that could very well lead to even more consolidation in the oncology sphere, biotech investor and immuno-oncology fund manager Brad Loncar tells Fortune in an interview. "That seems like a logical trend to me," he said, since bigger drug companies will likely feel compelled to snatch up assets that could make their existing medicines more effective (and rake in more sales). Customer ServiceSite MapPrivacy PolicyAdvertisingAd ChoicesTerms of UseYour California Privacy RightsCareers © 2017 Time Inc. All rights reserved. All products and services featured are based solely on editorial selection. FORTUNE may receive compensation for some links to products and services on this website. Quotes delayed at least 15 minutes. Market data provided by Interactive Data. ETF and Mutual Fund data provided by Morningstar, Inc. Dow Jones Terms & Conditions: http://www.djindexes.com/mdsidx/html/tandc/indexestandcs.html. S&P Index data is the property of Chicago Mercantile Exchange Inc. and its licensors. All rights reserved. Terms & Conditions. Powered and implemented by Interactive Data Managed Solutions Subscribe Search Home Fortune 500 All Rankings Tech Leadership Venture Fortune Insiders Most Powerful Women Automotive Careers Energy & Environment Executive Travel Finance Health TIME Health International Looking Forward Retail Markets Magazine Newsletters Videos Fortune Conferences Follow FORTUNE Share Share on Facebook Post on Twitter Email this story Share on Reddit Share on Pinterest Share on LinkedIn
mirrorLoad mobile navigation News UK News World News Weird News Crime Real Life Stories Health MotoringExpand Politics Sport Football Lions 2017 French Open Cricket Boxing Formula 1 Racing Other Sports WWE UFC Rugby League Golf AthleticsExpandExpand Football Celebs Celebrity News US Gossip Fashion & Beauty Weird Celeb NewsExpand TV & Film Weird News Technology Money Travel Fashion Mums Quizzes Got a Story? My Account Subscriptions Sign Out facebook twitter pinterest instagram Offers Fantasy Bingo Dating Jobs BuySell Competitions Horoscopes Loans Cartoons Crosswords BuySell Find a job Find a home Find a new home InYourArea Psychic Find a local business About Us Contact Us Follow Us Sell Your Story How to Complain Corrections & Clarifications Google Survey Privacy Statement Cookie Policy Terms and Conditions Paper Subscription to the Daily Mirror Paper Subscription to the Sunday Mirror Irish Mirror © 2017 MGN Limited Home Science Multiple sclerosis Science Brit scientist could be about to CURE multiple sclerosis and provide hope for millions Dr Su Metcalfe and her team at LIFNano believe they have found the cure for the devastating condition, multiple sclerosis  Share  Comments ByMatt Gooding 17:17, 6 JUN 2017 Updated09:33, 8 JUN 2017 Science Dr Su Metcalfe believes she could be on the cusp of finding a cure (Photo: Cambridge News WS)  Share  Comments Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing!Could not subscribe, try again laterInvalid Email A British scientist could have made one of the most important medical breakthroughs of recent years. Dr Su Metcalfe and her team at LIFNano believe they have found the cure for the devastating condition, multiple sclerosis . More than 2.3million people globally are affected by the debilitating condition and symptoms include blindness and muscle weakness. Dr Metcalfe told the Cambridge News : “Some people get progressive MS, so go straight to the severe form of the disease, but the majority have a relapsing or remitting version,” she says. “It can start from the age of 30, and there’s no cure, so all you can do is suppress the immune response, but the drugs that do that have side effects, and you can’t repair the brain. The cost of those drugs is very high, and in the UK there are a lot of people who don’t get treated at all.” Read More Statins could cut the risk of dying from breast cancer by 40% Dr Su Metcalfe could be on the verge of curing MS (Photo: Cambridge News WS) Dr Metcalfe and her team have combined one of the body’s cleverest functions with some cutting-edge technology. The natural side of the equation is provided by a stem cell particle called a LIF. She was working at Cambridge University’s department of surgery when she made her big breakthrough. Dr Metcalfe said: “I was looking to see what controls the immune response and stops it auto-attacking us,” she explains. “I discovered a small binary switch, controlled by a LIF, which regulates inside the immune cell itself. LIF is able to control the cell to ensure it doesn’t attack your own body but then releases the attack when needed. “That LIF, in addition to regulating and protecting us against attack, also plays a major role in keeping the brain and spinal cord healthy. In fact it plays a major role in tissue repair generally, turning on stem cells that are naturally occurring in the body, making it a natural regenerative medicine, but also plays a big part in repairing the brain when it’s been damaged. “So I thought, this is fantastic. We can treat auto-immune disease, and we’ve got something to treat MS, which attacks both the brain and the spinal cord. So you have a double whammy that can stop and reverse the auto-immunity, and also repair the damage caused in the brain.” Dr Metcalfe believes she has the cure for MS (Photo: Cambridge News WS) But the breakthrough wasn't over then, as the LIF could only survive outside the cell for 20 minutes before being broken down by the body, meaning there was not enough time to deploy it in a therapy. And this is where the technology, in the form of nano-particles, comes in. Dr Metcalfe said: “They are made from the same material as soluble stitches, so they’re compatible with the body and they slowly dissolve,” says Su. “We load the cargo of the LIF into those particles, which become the delivery device that slowly dissolve and deliver the LIF over five days. "The nano-particle itself is a protective environment, and the enzymes that break it down can’t access it. You can also decorate the surface of the particles with antibodies, so it becomes a homing device that can target specific parts of the brain, for example. So you get the right dose, in the right place, and at the right time.” The particles themselves were developed at Yale University, which is listed as co-inventor with Dr Metcalfe on the IP. But LIFNano has the worldwide licence to deploy them, and Su believes we are on the verge of a step-change in medicine. Dr Metcalfe said: “Nano-medicine is a new era, and big pharma has already entered this space to deliver drugs while trying to avoid the side effects. The quantum leap is to actually go into biologics and tap into the natural pathways of the body. “We’re not using any drugs, we’re simply switching on the body’s own systems of self-tolerance and repair. There aren’t any side effects because all we’re doing is tipping the balance. "Auto-immunity happens when that balance has gone awry slightly, and we simply reset that. Once you’ve done that, it becomes self-sustaining and you don’t have to keep giving therapy, because the body has its balance back.” LIFNano has already attracted two major funding awards, from drug firm Merck and the Government’s Innovate UK agency. Dr Metcalfe admits she is something of a novice when it comes to business, but has recruited cannily in the form of chairman Florian Kemmerich and ceo Oliver Jarry, both experienced operators in the pharma sector. The brain of a multiple sclerosis sufferer (Photo: Getty) With the support of the Judge, the company hopes to attract more investment, with the aim of starting clinical trials in 2020. She said: “The 2020 date is ambitious, but with the funding we’ve got and the funding we’re hoping to raise, it should be possible. “We’ve got everything we need in place to make the nano-particles in a clinically compliant manner, it’s just a case of flicking the switch when we have the money. "We’re looking at VCs and big pharma, because they have a strong interest in this area. We’re doing all our pre-clinical work concurrently while bringing in the major funds the company needs to go forward in its own right.” Immune cells have been a big part of Dr Metcalfe's career, and her passion for her subject is obvious. “I wanted to understand something that was so simple on one level but also so complex,” she says. Multiple sclerosis can cause blindness (Photo: Getty Images) “The immune cell is the only single cell in the body that is its own unity, so it functions alone. It’s probably one of the most powerful cells in the body because it can kill you, and if you haven’t got it you die because you haven’t got it.” And MS may just be the start for LIFNano. “MS is our key driver at the moment, but it’s going to be leading through to other major auto-immune disease areas,” she adds. “Psoriasis is high up on our list, and diabetes is another. Downstream there are all the dementias, because a LIF is a major health factor for the brain. So if we can get it into the brain we can start protecting against dementia." Like us on Facebook Follow us on Twitter Daily Newsletter Follow @DailyMirror Subscribe to our Daily newsletterEnter emailSubscribe Comments Show more comments More On Multiple sclerosis Cambridge University Science all Most Read Most Recent Multiple sclerosisBrit scientist could be about to CURE multiple sclerosis and provide hope for millions Dr Su Metcalfe and her team at LIFNano believe they have found the cure for the devastating condition, multiple sclerosis Conspiracy theories40-year-old alien mystery may have finally been solved as astronomer reveals source of the 'Wow!' signal Conspiracy theorists have long believed the 1977 'Wow! transmission' was proof of alien life Albert EinsteinScientists prove Einstein's theory after 100 years by weighing a distant star using gravity Even Einstein didn't think it was possible The MoonMini Strawberry Moon to light up the sky on election night A good omen for Labour's chances of victory? RelationshipsThe average penis size is getting bigger - here's what it is now Penis size is important The MoonMini Strawberry Moon to light up the sky on election night A good omen for Labour's chances of victory? Albert EinsteinScientists prove Einstein's theory after 100 years by weighing a distant star using gravity Even Einstein didn't think it was possible University of IllinoisWorld's oldest mushroom discovered in fossil dating back 115 million years is hailed a "scientific wonder" The two-inch tall mushroom is thought to have fallen into a river in north-east Brazil and somehow made its way into a highly saline lagoon, ending up covered in layers of fine sediments SpaceXSpaceX to launch top secret military spaceplane back into orbit later this year The US Air Force's X-37B will be launched on the back of a Falcon 9 rocket MeteorsArietids meteor shower: 60 shooting stars fly across the sky every hour as celestial event reaches its peak The meteor shower is best viewed in the very early hours of the morning, just before dawn Most Read Most Recent PoliticsWhy do we use pencils to vote and can you use a pen in the general election? These are the facts There's always a big debate on social media when Britain heads to the polls General election pollsUK general election 2017 poll tracker: All the latest results as Conservatives battle Labour Polls are a crucial part of the election wallchart - even if they've got a bad rep. Here are the latest results and analysis of what it all means N.H.S.This is how much it could cost you to give birth without our NHS NHS privatisation has already begun with several contracts awarded to private firms General electionWho should I vote for in the general election 2017? Take our quiz to see which party should get your backing The 2017 general election's in full swing. So how will you decide who to vote for? Find out if Labour, Lib Dem, UKIP, Green or Conservative policies match your interests General electionElection day 2017 live: Britain votes as Theresa May's lead continues to crumble in final opinion polls The UK is heading to the polls in the 2017 snap general election and we'll have all the latest as it happens Careers adviceThe top 10 highest paid jobs for women - here's the industries offering a better deal Women earn less than men that's a fact but there are industries where they get a fairer deal General electionWho sports stars are backing in the UK General Election 2017 from Jamie Carragher to Ronnie O'Sullivan The 2017 General Election is in full swing with people taking to the polls to cast their vote on Thursday General electionIs it illegal to take selfies in polling stations? Why you should stick to the rules when you vote in general election There are strict rules when it comes to what you can do in polling booths Celebrity NewsLucy Mecklenburgh's lookalike sister looks every bit as a gorgeous posing in skimpy bikini If you've got it flaunt it. ImmigrationImmigration policies from Labour, Lib Dem and Conservative general election manifestos in 2017 compared Concerns over immigration have driven political debate in the UK for years. Here's what Labour, the Lib Dems and the Tories say about how they'd manage migration Top Stories England football teamItaly U20s 1-3 England U20s: Young Lions get England into first World Cup final since glory of 1966 The Young Lions got off to the worst possible start but fired back with an excellent second-half display in Jeonju TeenagersTeen's excruciating prom dress fail leaves her devastated - and her mum furious The distraught teen was presented with the dress on the day of her prom - and the designer demanded $200 SchoolsBoy, 4, walks home from school after hitting exit button because it's 'against policy to chase child' Angry mum Jade Whalley, 27, lodges official complaint after Daiton Motika wasn't challenged - claiming 'she was told it's against policy to chase after or grab a child' LegolandThere's a new Legoland theme park opening in the UK - and it's going to be in a major city Your kids are going to absolutely love it... Liverpool transfer newsVirgil van Dijk posts cryptic tweet as Liverpool withdraw interest following alleged illegal approach The Dutch defender appeared to be on his way to Anfield but Southampton have suggested there had been an illegal approach General electionDon't fall for this rumour about general election polling stations - people are trying to trick you Fake accounts have been springing up on social media posing as credible-looking reporters UK NewsMan filmed girlfriend having sex with bull mastiff called Tank as judge warns woman 'don't do it again' Michael Smith, 64, filmed the incident between Gwen Kerr, 55 and his pet dog and the incident was discovered after social services saw the video PregnancyPregnant mum killed when son, 6, accidentally ran her over has unborn baby saved by hero medics Shannon MacLeod, 35, was eight months pregnant when her son put her car in gear and accidentally crushed her Careers adviceThe top 10 highest paid jobs for women - here's the industries offering a better deal Women earn less than men that's a fact but there are industries where they get a fairer deal GreggsGreggs opens first ever DRIVE-THRU bakery where customers can grab a steak bake or iced bun on the go The branch will include all the Greggs classics on its menu, from steak bakes and sausage rolls to sandwiches, cakes, biscuits and buns London Bridge terror attackLondon Bridge terror attacker pictured smiling with young gymnasts at club he worked at just months before massacre A background check wasn't carried out on Youssef Zaghba, 22, because he was volunteer coach PornographyUS amateur football team Washington Square FC sponsored by Porn site RedTube The American non-league side unveiled RedTube as it's main sponsor last year and have now launched a new site where fans can buy merchandise Multiple sclerosisBrit scientist could be about to CURE multiple sclerosis and provide hope for millions Dr Su Metcalfe and her team at LIFNano believe they have found the cure for the devastating condition, multiple sclerosis Conspiracy theories40-year-old alien mystery may have finally been solved as astronomer reveals source of the 'Wow!' signal Conspiracy theorists have long believed the 1977 'Wow! transmission' was proof of alien life Albert EinsteinScientists prove Einstein's theory after 100 years by weighing a distant star using gravity Even Einstein didn't think it was possible The MoonMini Strawberry Moon to light up the sky on election night A good omen for Labour's chances of victory? RelationshipsThe average penis size is getting bigger - here's what it is now Penis size is important Summer SolsticeWhen is Summer Solstice 2017? Times, rituals and traditions surrounding the longest day of the year Here's everything you need to know about the longest day of the year and traditions surrounding the summer solstice NasaHubble telescope uses 'cosmic magnifying-glass' to capture stunning photos of Universe's brightest galaxies The galaxies are pumping out more than 10,000 new stars a year, according to NASA Donald TrumpThe scientific reasons why people enjoy 'golden showers' - and they're not necessarily 'perverted' Urophilia is a lot more common in men than it is in women and includes enjoying having a full bladder and drinking wee MeteorsArietids meteor shower: 60 shooting stars fly across the sky every hour as celestial event reaches its peak The meteor shower is best viewed in the very early hours of the morning, just before dawn SpaceNASA says mysterious object hurtling towards Earth could be an asteroid or a comet The American space agency says that one object is a massive comet, but has so far been unable to identify the other Weird bodiesCracking your knuckles can actually be GOOD for your hands - according to science New study answers the age-old question of whether it knuckle-cracking causes damage or not Sugar TaxRevealed: The horrifying amounts of sugar in Coca Cola, Lucozade and Frij milkshakes In an effort to fight against an "alarming level" of tooth decay in Liverpool, officials have revealed how much sugar is actually in our favourite soft drinks University of IllinoisWorld's oldest mushroom discovered in fossil dating back 115 million years is hailed a "scientific wonder" The two-inch tall mushroom is thought to have fallen into a river in north-east Brazil and somehow made its way into a highly saline lagoon, ending up covered in layers of fine sediments University of TorontoTooth dating back millions of years is discovered - suggesting humans originated in Mediterranean not Africa A pre-human tooth discovered in the Balkans has thrown doubt on the theory that modern man developed in Africa Conspiracy theoriesMassive object hidden under Antarctic ice could be a secret Nazi UFO base, conspiracy theorists claim A bizarre theory claims a mysterious mass under the Antarctic ice cap could be a secret alien lair Newcastle UniversityCan't stand the sound of chewing? Scientists claim misophonia could be the sign of a medical condition The sound of chewing acts as a "trigger sound" for people with misophonia AliensMystery of 'alien transmission' solved? Astronomer claims he's discovered origin of 'WOW signal' Former US Department of Defense investigator prepares to crack 40-year-old deep space 'cold case' UFOsFormer NASA employee calls out conspiracy theorists and debunks YouTube's most popular UFO sightings James Oberg used to work for the space agency. Now he spends his time explaining what YouTube's UFO videos are actually showing e-cigarettesE-cigarettes are as bad for you as SMOKING, a new study has claimed Findings spark warnings from leading experts that the devices may be ‘far more dangerous than people realise’ NasaNASA Parker Solar Probe: Space agency announces historic mission to 'touch the sun' The mission will see a solar probe swoop to within 4 million miles of the sun's surface News Politics Football Sport Celebs TV & Film Weird News Quizzes Technology Money Travel Fashion Mums Motoring Follow us facebook twitter pinterest instagram BuySell Find a job Find a home Find a new home InYourArea Psychic Find a local business About Us Contact Us Follow Us Sell Your Story How to Complain Corrections & Clarifications Google Survey Privacy Statement Cookie Policy Terms and Conditions Paper Subscription to the Daily Mirror Paper Subscription to the Sunday Mirror Irish Mirror © 2017 MGN Limited This website uses cookies. Using this website means you are okay with this but you can find out more and learn how to manage your cookie choices here.Close cookie policy overlay
Home Subscribe (Free) About NaturalNews Contact Us Write for NaturalNews Media info Advertising info ARTICLES BLOGS LABS SCIENCE REFERENCE REPORTS VIDEOS RADIO INFOGRAPHICS MUSIC CARTOONS LIBRARY RSS STORE Search Powered by GoodGopher.com The Atlantic is complicit in the Vaccine Holocaust by blatantly covering up truth about vaccine adverse events Tuesday, June 06, 2017 by: D. Samuelson Tags: Atlantic Magazine Lies, Autism cover up, Big Pharma, Blatant falsehoods, Dr. Alex Vasquez, Jeremy Hammond, Vaccine Holocaust, vaccine injury (Natural News) Olga Khazan is a columnist for The Atlantic, but if you read her article, The Shadow Network of Anti-Vax Doctors, you might think she’s employed by big pharma, not a well-respected magazine. In her story she writes, “vaccines are some of the safest and most important preventative-health measures around.” What about hygiene and sanitation? Khazan also pens the ultimate whitewash in her claim that “there is no evidence that [vaccines] cause autism or any other health problem.” This statement alone also makes the editors at The Atlantic complicit in covering up the lies that have harmed millions of innocent children via the Vaccine Holocaust. Even a cursory fact check would have revealed story after story of families devastated by their child’s vaccine injuries. Did Khazan and her editors not know that the Vaccine Injury Compensation Program has given over $3 billion to vaccine injured families? Independent writer Jeremy Hammond points out a long list of lies and distortions in Ms. Khazan’s article at JeremyHammond.com. He calls her article “a shameless hit piece” and reminds readers of a myriad of other well-established facts that were totally ignored by Khazan and The Atlantic editorial staff. For example, her article falsely implies that vaccine-induced immunity is the same as natural immunity. She claims the 1998 findings of Andrew Wakefield were fraudulent, but didn’t read his report. Wakefield did not declare an absolute causality between the Mumps, Measles, Rubella (MMR) vaccine and developing symptoms of autism spectrum disorder, he merely “acknowledged the hypothetical possibility” because the parents of the children who came to him for help saw their children digress after receiving that vaccination. Khazan also wrote that Trump’s talks with Robert F. Kennedy, Jr. “sparked worries among some doctors” that Trump might make changes to the CDC and give vaccine responsibility to a “pseudo-scientific panel.” Who could be more pseudo-scientific than Dr. Paul Offit, who has made millions from vaccine patents? In 2002, Offit proclaimed that “the infant immune system is theoretically capable of responding to 10,000 vaccines at once.” This man is the director of the Vaccine Information Center at The Children’s Hospital of Philadelphia. He’s also one of the folks who decides which vaccines get added to the CDC schedule. Where did Khazan get her facts? One source was a series of emails from Dr. Alez Vasquez, DC ND DO FACN and Chief Director of the International College of Human Nutrition and Functional Medicine (ICHNFM). According to Dr. Vasquez, he provided Khazan with sixteen scientific research papers, personal documents and presentations. Vasquez says that “she was perfectly aware of the science showing harm from vaccines, but she chose to lie to her readership…” Columnist Olga Khazan is just a small player serving as protector of vaccine orthodoxy.  Others, like Dr. Julie Gerberding, are much more deadly. Gerberding served as Director of the Centers for Disease Control (CDC) for seven years until she was hired by Merck to be their global vaccine advocate in 2009. FiercePharma.com says Dr. Gerberding wants to eliminate “cervical cancer on a global basis.” Gee. Guess who will be forcing Merck’s deadly HPV Gardasil vaccine down international throats? Conversely, Robert F. Kennedy, Jr. is a brave and passionate truth-seeker who has taken on the vaccine cartel. His entire focus is centered on exposing the real science, while stopping the lies, greed and murderous behavior of the CDC and its minions. It’s time for President Trump to allow Kennedy to be the chairman of a Vaccine Commission. The world must wake up to the fraud, corruption and lies that have maimed millions of children. And it must stop. Get involved. Visit Worldmercuryproject.org. Sources: TheAtlantic.com VaccineHolocaust.org JeremyHammond.com Science.NaturalNews.com VaccineHolocaust.Offit.org ICHNFM.org ICHNFM.org FierceBiotech.com YouTube.com Previous :Rabies vaccine to be air dropped by helicopter over parts of Northeast Ohio Join the Health Ranger's FREE email newsletter Get breaking news alerts on GMOs, fluoride, superfoods, natural cures and more... (Note: Avoid using gmail.com addresses, because Google deliberately censors this email newsletter to protect Big Pharma's profits.) Your privacy is protected. Unsubscribe at any time. | Learn more... More news on Atlantic Magazine Lies The Atlantic is complicit in the Vaccine Holocaust by blatantly covering up truth about vaccine adverse events Disqus Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Take Action: Support Natural News by linking to this article from your website Permalink to this article: http://www.naturalnews.com/2017-06-06-the-atlantic-is-complicit-in-the-vaccine-holocaust-by-blatantly-covering-up-truth-about-vaccine-adverse-events.html Embed article link: (copy HTML code below): <a href="http://www.naturalnews.com/2017-06-06-the-atlantic-is-complicit-in-the-vaccine-holocaust-by-blatantly-covering-up-truth-about-vaccine-adverse-events.html">The Atlantic is complicit in the Vaccine Holocaust by blatantly covering up truth about vaccine adverse events</a> Reprinting this article: Non-commercial use OK, cite NaturalNews.com with clickable link. Follow Natural News on Facebook, Twitter, Google Plus, and Pinterest Most Viewed Articles Today Week Month Year Trump just SAVED America from the disastrous Paris Climate Treaty fraud - NaturalNews.com Al Gore confuses TIDES with global warming ocean rise apocalypse, claims fish are “swimming in the streets” of Miami due to climate change - NaturalNews.com Bitcoin “end game” a mathematical certainty even as Japanese and Korean noobs convince kindergarten teachers they’ve stumbled upon a magical source of endless wealth - NaturalNews.com From Bitcoin to climate change: The top 10 things you probably believe that are complete bulls##t - NaturalNews.com 10 monumentally false claims made by conventional medicine about health - NaturalNews.com Dangerous Chinese chicken on the horizon at your local grocery store - NaturalNews.com Weird: Women are putting ground up WASP NESTS into their vaginas - NaturalNews.com Contaminated food from China now entering the U.S. under the 'organic' label American Airlines forgets double amputee’s wheelchair, has him kicked off the plane for being “a drunk" - NaturalNews.com Canola oil: a chemical carcinogen that doesn't belong anywhere near your food Elderly are not getting enough quality protein, warns scientific review - NaturalNews.com Famous MMA fighter Bas Rutten reveals how CBD oil helps professional fighters stay off addictive opioids - NaturalNews.com Health Ranger featured in “The Sacred Plant” documentary series airing June 7th - NaturalNews.com Deranged liberal college students who waged genocidal “No Whites Day” event at Evergreen College are now crying and demanding the video be scrubbed from the ‘net - NaturalNews.com FBI committed TREASON under COMEY: Surveillance on Americans illegally leaked to other nations - NaturalNews.com George Soros letter reveals globalist plan to destroy the First World by eliminating national borders with global migrant blitzkreig invasions Ten alarming, REAL threats to the environment that are widely ignored by “climate change” advocates - NaturalNews.com France is “decriminalizing” cannabis nationwide - NaturalNews.com The Paris Climate Accord is GENOCIDE against plants, forests and all life on our planet - NaturalNews.com Kathy Griffin sums up the deranged, violent, lunatic Left with video of the bloody, decapitated head of President Trump - NaturalNews.com Top 9 vaccines you NEVER need and exactly why the CDC has to scare everybody into getting them FDA quietly bans powerful life-saving intravenous Vitamin C - NaturalNews.com Health Ranger featured in “The Sacred Plant” documentary series airing June 7th - NaturalNews.com Tiger Woods gets arrested for DUI, then says toxic “mix of medications” made him drive like a dangerous maniac… what if he’s RIGHT? - NaturalNews.com Trump pulls U.S. out of “non-binding” Paris Climate Accord - Here's why he was right to do it - NaturalNews.com The REAL SCIENCE behind carbon dioxide: Plants use CO2 to create CBD, THC, curcumin and all medicinal molecules - NaturalNews.com Walmart, Costco, Kroger, Publix and Albertson’s all receive failing grades for selling meats loaded with antibiotics - NaturalNews.com VACCINE HOAX unveiled as rigorous scientific study finds NO reduction in measles, mumps, rubella, influenza or rotavirus among vaccinated children - NaturalNews.com The Amish, who don’t get vaccinated, rarely get autism, cancer, or heart disease - coincidence? - NaturalNews.com Dilbert creator Scott Adams causes liberal heads to explode with comic that hilariously exposes climate change “forecasting” - NaturalNews.com America’s silent crisis: Drinking water may become too expensive for millions of households in the future - NaturalNews.com What you're not being told about the Paris climate agreement - NaturalNews.com Damning legislation would give corporations the power to forcibly vaccinate you and collect your DNA records - NaturalNews.com Hyperbaric oxygen therapy cures woman of stage-4 cancer - NaturalNews.com Autism risk 420% higher in vaccinated children vs. non-vaccinated, published science confirms - NaturalNews.com CRYBULLY MASTERY: After depicting deadly violence against the President, Kathy Griffin plays VICTIM card, claiming Trump bullied her - NaturalNews.com RED ALERT: Attempted political coup now taking place in D.C. with effort to impeach Trump for fabricated “obstruction of justice” - NaturalNews.com The Paris Climate Accord is GENOCIDE against plants, forests and all life on our planet - NaturalNews.com Boston Herald calls for government-run execution squads to MASS MURDER naturopaths, scientists and journalists who oppose mercury in immunizations - NaturalNews.com HELP NEEDED: Azure Organic Farm in Oregon about to be forcibly mass poisoned with glyphosate by the county government - NaturalNews.com Federal government releases financial settlement figures for vaccine injuries, shattering media’s false claim that vaccines never harm anyone - NaturalNews.com Zinc lozenges proven to greatly speed recovery from colds and flu by 300% - NaturalNews.com Netflix bans “The Red Pill” movie because it contains too much TRUTH - NaturalNews.com This is what happens when you drink celery juice for one month - NaturalNews.com Question: what is trisodium phosphate and what is it doing in our food? Successful marriage depends on husband's attitude: Research The best and worst forms of magnesium to take as a supplement Australian parents who don’t vaccinate their children will be fined $14 per week by the authoritarian regime - NaturalNews.com Top seven fuels that feed the cancer 'fire' and mutate more cells The bombings have only just begun: “Progressive” Western civilization is slaughtering itself by foolishly appeasing those who seek to destroy it - NaturalNews.com Kathy Griffin sums up the deranged, violent, lunatic Left with video of the bloody, decapitated head of President Trump - NaturalNews.com Health Ranger SCIENCE: Horsetail herb prevents Alzheimer’s and dementia by removing toxic ALUMINUM from your body - NaturalNews.com 3 natural pain relievers that are as powerful as drugs, without the side effects 10 Survival trees EVERYONE should plant on their property - NaturalNews.com In the 1930s, Adolf Hitler arrested and executed ‘fake news’ journalists who rightfully claimed that Jews were being exterminated - NaturalNews.com The best and worst forms of magnesium to take as a supplement Pepsi admits its soda contains cancer-causing ingredients The 8 Most Dangerous Medicines on Earth... are you taking any of these? Top 9 vaccines you NEVER need and exactly why the CDC has to scare everybody into getting them Statin scam exposed: Cholesterol drugs cause rapid aging, brain damage and diabetes Does green tea have caffeine? Seven things you need to know Hillary Clinton's health in rapid collapse... voters in shock after photos show her unable to walk up small flight of stairs Hexavalent chromium (chromium-6) was just found in 75% of drinking water... the mass chemical suicide of America is under way Chaos will erupt across America in less than 100 days... no matter who wins the election Testosterone cures cancer; doctors stunned at discovery - NaturalNews.com Top six alkaline foods to eat every day for vibrant health 12 easy ways to remove acid build-up from your body, alkalize your pH and beat disease CLAIM: Historic event to occur in the next six days that will end the rise of Trump and seize the future of America for totalitarian globalists Hillary Clinton video: THE WALKING DEAD... collapses into security van... 'medical event'... diagnosed with 'vascular dementia' and Parkinson's... 'one year left to live' says doctor Ten home remedies for fever - Natural ways to reduce a high fever and treat the flu using simple products found in most homes TREASON: Left-wing media attempting a “soft coup” in America by hyperventilating over self-contrived Russian conspiracy fabrication - NaturalNews.com 10 health benefits of cucumbers Popular on Facebook 16K Indian state will pay farmers to go 100% organic and GMO-free 12K Study: Manuka honey kills more bacteria than all available antibiotics 10K Washington Post goes “full treason” – fabricates entire story falsely claiming Trump won because of Russian hacks 8K US Court of Appeals: States and counties can ban GMO crops despite federal laws 6K The 7 most dangerous vaccines injected into humans and exactly why they cause more harm than good 6K Trump allowed Black homeless woman to live in Trump Tower for 8 years, rent free 4K In the 1930s, Adolf Hitler arrested and executed ‘fake news’ journalists who rightfully claimed that Jews were being exterminated 3K Facebook rolls out plans to push GMOs by labeling anti-GMO stories ‘fake’ news 3K Food companies hiding harmful high fructose corn syrup under new name 3K Standing Rock victory in North Dakota as US Army Corps of Engineers revokes pipeline permits 3K TREASON: Left-wing media attempting a “soft coup” in America by hyperventilating over self-contrived Russian conspiracy fabrication 3K Russian hack narrative revealed to be elaborate media hoax… email leaks actually came from Bernie Sanders insider 3K Facebook to become left-wing propaganda echo chamber with Orwellian plan to label independent journalism “fake” 3K Scam: No trace of Aloe Vera found in products at Walmart, CVS 2K Will President Trump dismantle dangerous vaccine mandates that harm children across America? 2K Medical scientists stunned as “magic mushroom” treatment found to heal mental illness… yet it remains illegal 2K Protesters at Dakota Pipeline have noticed unidentified crop dusters spraying chemicals over them late at night 2K Top doctors reveal that vaccines can trigger autoimmunity, turning our immune systems against us Advertise with NaturalNews... Health News Insane vaccine zealots now calling for vaccine skeptics to be PUT TO DEATH so that resistance to mercury in vaccines can be eliminated (Naturalnews.com) - 8 Hours Ago Busting breast cancer myths (Naturalnews.com) - 8 Hours Ago Secondhand smoke puts pets at risk of cancer, experts warn (Naturalnews.com) - 8 Hours Ago Not getting enough manganese and zinc during pregnancy found to increase risk of autism in newborns (Naturalnews.com) - 8 Hours Ago ALL HEALING NUTRIENTS found in cannabis are made from carbon dioxide, the "miracle molecule" for plant life across our planet (Naturalnews.com) - 8 Hours Ago ZINC found to be a powerful mineral "secret" for fighting viral infections of the liver (such as hepatitis C) (Naturalnews.com) - 8 Hours Ago Support NaturalNews Sponsors: Advertise with NaturalNews... AlternativeNews.com The independent news source for free-thinking people GoodGopher.com Search for more articles like this one at GoodGopher.com - the search engine for news and information. Talk Radio without corporate collusion Now streaming: 28 amazing hosts like the Health Ranger, Robert Scott Bell and more Find the up-to-date news you're looking for at Fetch.News Find articles on today's most searched keywords & topics. Uncensored Health Videos Visit TV.NaturalNews.com for uncensored videos for a healthier and happier life Vaccine News Real-time Independent Media news on Vaccines GMO News Real-time Independent Media news on GMOs Support NaturalNews Sponsors: Advertise with NaturalNews... Read Archived NaturalNews Stories NaturalNews.com Natural News Toolbar Privacy Policy Terms of Use About Us Contact Us/Feedback Write for Natural News Media Information Advertise Information Follow Us Email Newsletter Facebook Twitter Google Pinterest YouTube Diaspora Seen RSS This site is part of the Natural News Network © 2016 All Rights Reserved. Privacy | Terms All content posted on this site is commentary or opinion and is protected under Free Speech. Truth Publishing International, LTD. is not responsible for content written by contributing authors. The information on this site is provided for educational and entertainment purposes only. It is not intended as a substitute for professional advice of any kind. Truth Publishing assumes no responsibility for the use or misuse of this material. Your use of this website indicates your agreement to these terms and those published here. All trademarks, registered trademarks and servicemarks mentioned on this site are the property of their respective owners. The War on Independent Media Has Begun A coordinated censorship attack is being waged against the entire independent media by Google, YouTube and Facebook. After we were banned by Google for nearly a week, now Facebook is deliberately blocking the sharing of our stories to further censor our important reporting for human freedom and medical choice. Soon, the only way we will be able to reach you is via email, and Google is sometimes blocking our email delivery to gmail users. Enter your email address below to subscribe to our email announcement list (but don't use gmail). Your privacy is protected and you can unsubscribe at any time. If you don't join our email list, you may never see our valuable content again via Facebook, Google or YouTube. CENSORSHIP has now reached EXTREME levels across the 'net. The truth is being suffocated. Subscribe now if you want to escape the delusional bubble of false reality being pushed by Google and Facebook. No thank you. Don't show this again. Already have it and love it! Once you click subscribe, we will send you an email asking you to confirm your free subscription.
06082017Headline: Middle East And Africa Female Hygiene Products Market To Reach Worth USD 89.63 Mn By 2023 5 hours ago Pre-Menstrual Syndrome Treatment Market: Global Industry Analysis, Opportunity and Forecast to 2023 5 hours ago Endoscopic Vessel Harvesting System Market 2017 Global Industry Key Players, Share, Trend, Applications, Segmentation and Forecast to 2023 5 hours ago HDPE Pipes Market Segmentation, Demand, Growth, Trend, Opportunity and Forecast to 2023 5 hours ago Global Vacuum Lifter Market Segmentation, Demand, Growth, Trend, Opportunity and Forecast to 2023 5 hours ago Flicks and Bits Flicks and Bits About Us Privacy Policy rss Film Interview Music Business Technology & Media Health Care Food & Beverages Consumer Goods Home Business Global Asthma and COPD Market to Register Substantial Expansion by 2025- Credence Research Global Asthma and COPD Market to Register Substantial Expansion by 2025- Credence Research June 6, 2017 | by Satyamspot | According to the latest market report published by Credence Research, Inc. “Asthma and COPD Market – Growth, Future Prospects, and Competitive Analysis, 2017 – 2025,” the global asthma and COPD market was valued at US$ 39,021.2 Mn in 2016, and is expected to reach US$ 56,507.7 Mn by 2025, expanding at a CAGR of 4.2% from 2017 to 2025. Browse the full report Asthma and COPD Market – Growth, Future Prospects and Competitive Analysis, and Forecast, 2017 – 2025 at http://www.credenceresearch.com/report/asthma-and-copd-drugs-market Market Insights Globally, asthma and COPD is one the leading chronic respiratory diseases, with high prevalence and increasing health care and economic burden. Thus, disease represent a lucrative market for pharmaceutical companies. COPD is rated to be the fourth most common cause of mortality, and expected to reach third position by 2030, in case the risk such as smoking, pollution is not addressed. Gradually over the period of time the treatment of asthma and COPD shows improvement, with novel drugs and treatment strategies, along with usage of non-pharmacologic treatment. It has being observed there is being surge in prevalence of asthma and COPD in developed and developing countries. In developed countries, there is being rise in prevalence of asthma due to lifestyle changes in terms of food habit, low level of exercise, etc., while in developing countries the prevalence is due to pollution and smoking. The global asthma and COPD market is segmented by drug type into anti-inflammatory drugs, bronchodilator monotherapy and combination drugs. Anti-inflammatory drugs includes corticosteroids, anti-leukotrienes and monoclonal antibodies. Bronchodilator monotherapy includes short-acting beta2-agonist (SABAs) and long-acting beta2-agonist (LABAs) and anticholinergic drugs. Amongst all, combination therapy of long-acting beta2 agonist (LABA)/ inhaled corticosteroid (ICS) dominates the market. The combination therapy that include Symbicort (AstraZeneca), Advair (GlaxoSmithKline) is most preferred treatment against asthma/ COPD, due to better efficacy and less side effects. As of the current market scenario, North America together dominate the global asthma and COPD market followed by the European market. Rising prevalence of asthma and COPD due to pollution, change in lifestyle, entry of generics and novel therapies in the market. Asia Pacific is anticipated to be the fastest growing market for the forecast period. Emerging economies such India, China due to industrialization, demographic changes, urbanization there is been rise in pollution thus increase in prevalence of asthma and COPD population. Market Competition Assessment: Key players in the global asthma and COPD market are Novartis AG, Merck & Co, GlaxoSmithKline Plc, Boehringer Ingelheim Gmbh, Nycomed, Abbott Laboratories, AstraZeneca, Roche Holding AG, Teva Pharmaceutical Industries, Vectura Group, Pfizer Inc. and others. Key Market Movements: – There is a rise in the prevalence of asthma and COPD in both developed and developing countries. In developed countries, the rise in prevalence is mainly due to lifestyle change such as smoking, while in developing countries rise is observed due to presence of most polluted cities in the world and inclusion of smoking in lifestyle – Introduction of novel technology, strong pipeline, and personalization of medicine is also expected to drive the growth of market. – With economic development in emerging economies, healthcare awareness, and high disposable income are some of the factors driving the developing countries Request Sample: http://www.credenceresearch.com/sample-request/58486 About: Credence Research is a worldwide market research and counseling firm that serves driving organizations, governments, non-legislative associations, and not-for-benefits. We offer our customers some assistance with making enduring enhancements to their execution and understand their most imperative objectives. Over almost a century, we’ve manufactured a firm extraordinarily prepared to this task. Media Contact Name: Chris Smith Address: 105 N 1st ST #429, SAN JOSE, CA 95103 US E-mail: sales@credenceresearch.com Ph: 1-800-361-8290 Web: http://www.credenceresearch.com Filed in: Business Share this post Twitter Facebook Google+ LinkedIn Pinterest Email Recommended for You Middle East And Africa Female Hygiene Products Market To Reach Worth USD 89.63 Mn By 2023 Pre-Menstrual Syndrome Treatment Market: Global Industry Analysis, Opportunity and Forecast to 2023 Endoscopic Vessel Harvesting System Market 2017 Global Industry Key Players, Share, Trend, Applications, Segmentation and Forecast to 2023 HDPE Pipes Market Segmentation, Demand, Growth, Trend, Opportunity and Forecast to 2023 Popular Posts New Batmobile & A Stormtrooper Highlighted In Latest ‘Batman V Superman’/’Star Wars’ Crossover Image From Zack Snyder Chilling First TV Spot For ‘Annabelle’ (‘The Conjuring’ Spinoff) “Brothers Under The Gun” Featurette For ‘Fury’ – Starring Brad Pitt, Logan Lerman, Shia LaBeouf, Michael Pena… “Locations” Behind-The-Scenes Video For ‘Exodus: Gods And Kings’ – Starring Christian Bale, Joel Edgerton, Aaron Paul… Trailer For The Assassin-Thriller ‘John Wick’ – Starring Keanu Reeves, Willem Dafoe, Ian McShane, Adrianne Palicki…. Recent Posts Middle East And Africa Female Hygiene Products Market To Reach Worth USD 89.63 Mn By 2023 Pre-Menstrual Syndrome Treatment Market: Global Industry Analysis, Opportunity and Forecast to 2023 Endoscopic Vessel Harvesting System Market 2017 Global Industry Key Players, Share, Trend, Applications, Segmentation and Forecast to 2023 HDPE Pipes Market Segmentation, Demand, Growth, Trend, Opportunity and Forecast to 2023 Global Vacuum Lifter Market Segmentation, Demand, Growth, Trend, Opportunity and Forecast to 2023 © 2017 Flicks and Bits. All rights reserved. Mobile Computing Today TampaBayReview
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 6 June 2017 by Maciej Heyman Cancer Immunotherapy Market – Global Opportunity Analysis and Industry Forecast, 2014-2022 According to a new report published by Allied Market Research, titled, Cancer Immunotherapy Market by Technology, Application, and End User: Global Opportunity Analysis and Industry Forecast, 2014-2022, the global cancer immunotherapy market was valued at $45,471 million in 2015, and is projected to reach $117,114 million by 2022, growing at a CAGR of 14.5% from 2016 to 2022. The monoclonal antibodies segment held two-third share of the total market in 2015. Access Full Summary at: www.alliedmarketresearch.com/cancer-immunotherapy-market Cancer immunotherapy, also known as biologic therapy, helps in cancer treatment by boosting the immunity of the body to fight against cancer. In this type of therapy antibodies and live viruses are introduced in the body that slows the growth of cancer cells. In addition, it also helps the immune system destroy the cancer cells. The major factors that drive the growth of this market include increase in incidence of cancers, growth in geriatric population, and rise in cancer R&D. However, shortage of skilled labor and lack of awareness about cancer immunotherapy is projected to restrain the market growth during the forecast period. The cancer immunotherapy market in this report is studied on the basis of technology, application, end-user, and region. Based on technology, the market is divided into monoclonal antibodies, cytokines & immunomodulators, and other technologies. Monoclonal antibodies held the largest share in 2015 owing to high usage of monoclonal antibodies for cancer immunotherapy as they exhibit different immunomodulatory properties and hence they can directly activate or inhibit the molecules of immune system. In addition, monoclonal antibodies also induce the antitumor immune response. By application, the cancer immunotherapy market is segmented as lung cancer, breast cancer, colorectal cancer, melanoma, prostate cancer, head & neck cancer, and other applications. The lung cancer market held the largest share in 2015 and is expected to lead the market during the analysis period owing to high incidence of lung cancer. Hospitals in end users held the largest market share of cancer immunotherapy market in 2015, and is projected to show the highest growth rate during the analysis period due to the extensive use of cancer immunotherapy in the hospitals. Geographically, the global cancer immunotherapy market is analyzed by four regions, namely, North America, Europe, Asia-Pacific, and LAMEA. North America was the highest revenue contributor in 2015. This is attributed to the ample amount of expenditure in healthcare, well-established healthcare system, and high incidence of cancer. However, Asia-Pacific region is projected to be grow with the highest CAGR during the analysis period, owing to rise in healthcare expenditure, increase in per capita income, and improvement in healthcare infrastructure. Key Findings of the Cancer Immunotherapy Market: • The monoclonal antibody accounted for the largest market share for technology segment in 2015 and is also estimated to grow at the highest CAGR of 15.0%. • By application, lung cancer held the highest market share and is anticipated to lead the market during the analysis period. • The U.S. was the major shareholder in the North American cancer immunotherapy market, accounting for six-seventh share in 2015. • China is expected to show the highest growth rate during the analysis period for the Asia-Pacific cancer immunotherapy market. The major players profiled in the global cancer immunotherapy market are Amgen Inc., Advaxis Inc., Merck & Co., Inc., Eli Lilly and Company, Bristol-Myers Squibb Company, Pfizer Inc., Novartis AG, Bayer AG, Immunomedics Inc., and Astrazeneca plc. About Us Allied Market Research (AMR) is a full-service market research and business-consulting wing of Allied Analytics LLP based in Portland, Oregon. Allied Market Research provides global enterprises as well as medium and small businesses with unmatched quality of „Market Research Reports” and „Business Intelligence Solutions”. AMR has a targeted view to provide business insights and consulting to assist its clients to make strategic business decisions and achieve sustainable growth in their respective market domain. We are in professional corporate relations with various companies and this helps us in digging out market data that helps us generate accurate research data tables and confirms utmost accuracy in our market forecasting. Each and every data presented in the reports published by us is extracted through primary interviews with top officials from leading companies of domain concerned. Our secondary data procurement methodology includes deep online and offline research and discussion with knowledgeable professionals and analysts in the industry. Contact Us Pankaj Kumar 5933 NE Win Sivers Drive #205, Portland, OR 97220 United States Direct: +1-503-894-6022 Toll Free: +1 (800) 792-5285 (U.S. & Canada) Fax: +1 (855) 550-5975 E-mail: sales@alliedmarketresearch.com This release was published on openPR. CategoriesUncategorized TagsHealth & Medicine Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Lip Care Packaging Market Report 2017, Trends, Analysis, Share, Estimates and Forecasts to 2022. Next PostNext Degermed Corn Flour Market Research Report 2017-2022 Search Recent Posts Germany Acid Proof Lining Market projected to register a CAGR of 5.9% during 2016-2026 Global Industrial Microbiology Market expected to expand at a CAGR of 7.1% over 2016-2024 Tantalum Capacitors Market Trends Global Industry Analysis, Top Manufacturers, Share, Growth, Statistics, Opportunities & Forecast up to 2022 Thornhill Medical’s MOVES® SLC™ Portable Emergency Life Support System Receives 510K Clearance From The US FDA Asia-Pacific Polyether Block Amide (PEBA) Market Research Report 2017 to 2022 RSS Feed Subscribe RSS Feed (link) Proudly powered by WordPress
Menu Stocks Stocks to Buy Stocks to Sell Dividend Stocks Penny Stocks Hot Stocks Stock Market Today Funds Mutual Funds ETF Investing 401k & Investing Tips Retirement Financial Advisor Center Trading Trading Advice Trade of the Day Trading Report How to Trade Options Market Insight IPO Playbook Gadgets, Smartphones & Tech Weird Street InvestorPolitics Financial Advisors Premium Services Stocks to Buy Stocks to Sell Dividend Stocks Penny Stocks Hot Stocks Stock Market Today DOW- NASDAQ- S&P 500- Alibaba (BABA) pops on massive full-year revenue forecast >>> READ MORE Breaking news sponsored by Home > Stock Picks > Stock Market Today > Why Herbalife Ltd. (HLF), Snap Inc (SNAP) and Incyte Corporation (INCY) Are 3 of Today’s Worst Stocks INCY, HLF and SNAP stock each got the new trading week started on the wrong foot By James Brumley, InvestorPlace Feature Writer  |  Jun 5, 2017, 4:49 pm EDT     Popular Posts: 5 Top Stocks to Buy in June 8 No-Brainer Retirement Stocks to Buy Buy Advanced Micro Devices, Inc. (AMD) Stock When This Happens Recent Posts: Facebook Inc (FB) Stock Isn’t an On-Demand Video Play, Yet, But Give it Time Why Snap Inc (SNAP), Duluth Holdings Inc (DLTH) and Cenovus Energy Inc (USA) (CVE) Are 3 of Today’s Worst Stocks 5 Budgeting Tips That Will Help You Survive After Graduation View All Posts Traders didn’t start the new trading week quite in the same bullish mood they were in when they wrapped up last week’s trading. Although the market poked its head into positive territory a couple of times on Monday, by the time the closing bell rang, the S&P 500 was at 2,436.10, down 0.12%. That kind of setback would have been plenty palatable relative to the losses Herbalife Ltd. (NYSE:HLF), Incyte Corporation (NASDAQ:INCY) and Snap Inc (NYSE:SNAP) dished out today, however. Here’s a look at what upended each name. Snap Inc (SNAP) Not that analyst doubts about the future of Snapchat parent Snap are anything new, but there is something about seeing them in print that can spook investors. JPMorgan did the deed today, lowering its price target on SNAP from $20 to $18, and simultaneously establishing a neutral rating on the stock. Analyst Doug Anmuth is concerned that the company could struggle to monetize its user base, and may not be able to turn any sort of a profit until 2020. Anmuth thinks the year-over-year comparisons for the upcoming quarterly report will roll in 20% weaker as the Olympics and a heated race for President kept users glued to the platform in mid-2016. Snap stock was only down 4.2% following the release of the pessimistic opinion. But, with today’s setback, SNAP shares are also down 30% from March’s post-IPO peak, and still fighting what appears to be a losing battle. Incyte Corporation (INCY) On the surface, the data Incyte presented this weekend at the annual ASCO conference is compelling. The combination of its enzyme inhibitor epacadostat and Keytruda, from Merck & Co., Inc. (NYSE:MRK), had an overall response rate of 35%. That’s statistically significant enough to get the Food and Drug Administration’s nod of approval. A closer look at the data, however, isn’t quite as encouraging to INCY shareholders. For whatever reasons, Incyte excluded the trial data for three patients in the study, and the study is already suspiciously small at only 43 patients. The information for those other three individuals existed. Incyte just chose not to incorporate it into its presentation. 10 Stocks to Buy Before They Go and Finally Join the Rally INCY shareholders understandably interpreted it as a red flag, sending the stock to a loss of 5.7% for Monday’s session. Herbalife Ltd. (HLF) Finally, vitamin and supplement outfit Herbalife saw its stock dip 6.6% after the company culled its revenue outlook for the quarter currently underway. For its second fiscal quarter ending this month, Herbalife now expects to report growth of between only 2% and 6%. Though the company also upped its Q2 profit forecast from a range of 88 cents to $1.08 per share to a range of between 95 cents and $1.15 per share of HLF, activist investor and Herbalife bear Bill Ackman was quick to chime in, pointing out the fact that the lowered guidance comes after raised guidance from May 4, and after a handful of insiders sold their sizable stakes. He’s not making an accusation, but it certainly doesn’t look good. As of this writing, James Brumley did not hold a position in any of the aforementioned securities. More From InvestorPlace 7 Dividend Stocks to Buy That Make The Grade 7 Must-Have Tech Stocks for the Next 5 Years 10 Boring Stocks to Buy for Red-Hot Returns   Article printed from InvestorPlace Media, http://investorplace.com/2017/06/why-herbalife-ltd-hlf-snap-inc-snap-and-incyte-corporation-incy-are-3-of-todays-worst-stocks/. ©2017 InvestorPlace Media, LLC More on InvestorPlace 10 Cheap Stocks to Buy Now 7 Ways to Play the Crude Oil Carnage Should You Buy Tesla Stock? 3 Pros, 3 Cons 4 Best ETFs to Mine a Profit From Gold 10 Companies in Amazon’s Crosshairs A Crazy M&A Idea That Could Pay Dividends ADVERTISEMENT ADVERTISEMENT Editor's Picks 10 Best Cheap Stocks to Buy Now Under $10 7 Ways to Play the Crude Oil Carnage 10 Companies That Are in Amazon’s Crosshairs The 4 Best ETFs to Mine a Profit From Gold Sell Apple Inc. (AAPL) Stock Before Everyone Else Does Most Popular 8 No-Brainer Retirement Stocks to Buy 10 Best Cheap Stocks to Buy Now Under $10 10 Stocks to Buy Before They Finally Join the Rally 7 Dividend Stocks to Buy That Make the Grade 7 Money-Losing Stocks to Buy for Big Turnaround Profits Why Advanced Micro Devices, Inc. (AMD) Stock Is Heading to $15 Poll of the Day View and vote in our How confident are you about the U.S. economy under President Donald Trump? poll Partners ADVERTISEMENT About Us   ·   Press Center   ·   Resources   ·   Advisory Services   ·   Free Newsletters   ·   Free Reports   ·   Contact Us   ·   Advertise With Us   ·   Employment   ·   Privacy   ·   Terms and Conditions   ·   Disclosures and Disclaimers   ·   Media Sites RSS   ·   Sitemap More On InvestorPlace: Choose A Page About Us Press Center Resources Advisory Services Free Newsletters Free Reports Contact Us Advertise With Us Employment Privacy Terms and Conditions Disclosures and Disclaimers Media Sites Sitemap Financial Market Data powered by FinancialContent Services, Inc. All rights reserved. Nasdaq quotes delayed at least 15 minutes, all others at least 20 minutes. Copyright © 2017 InvestorPlace Media, LLC. All rights reserved. 9201 Corporate Blvd, Rockville, MD 20850. Richard Band John Jagerson Hilary Kramer Jon Markman Louis Navellier Bryan Perry Ken Trester Dan Wiener Richard Young Blue Chip Growth Cash Machine GameChangers Independent Adviser for Vanguard Investors Intelligence Report Maximum Options Profitable Investing SlingShot Trader Trader’s Advantage Active Trading Income Investing Growth Investing Mutual Funds & ETFs Value Hunters Options Trading
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 6 June 2017 by Rahul Jadhav 2017 Report: Lymphocyte Activation Gene 3 Protein (Protein FDC or CD223 or LAG3) Industry Pipeline Review, H1 Analysis Description: Lymphocyte Activation Gene 3 Protein (Protein FDC or CD223 or LAG3) pipeline Target constitutes close to 22 molecules. Out of which approximately 22 molecules are developed by Companies. The latest report Lymphocyte Activation Gene 3 Protein (Protein FDC or CD223 or LAG3) – Pipeline Review, H1 2017, outlays comprehensive information on the Lymphocyte Activation Gene 3 Protein (Protein FDC or CD223 or LAG3) targeted therapeutics, complete with analysis by indications, stage of development, mechanism of action (MoA), route of administration (RoA) and molecule type. Request a sample of this report @ http://www.orbisresearch.com/contacts/request-sample/310031 . Lymphocyte Activation Gene 3 Protein (Protein FDC or CD223 or LAG3) – Lymphocyte-activation gene 3 or LAG-3 is a protein encoded by the LAG3 gene. It is involved in the maturation and activation of dendritic cells and lymphocyte activation. It binds to HLA class-II antigens. The molecules developed by companies in Phase II, Phase I, IND/CTA Filed, Preclinical and Discovery stages are 2, 5, 2, 8 and 5 respectively. Report covers products from therapy areas Oncology, Immunology, Cardiovascular and Infectious Disease which include indications Solid Tumor, Non-Small Cell Lung Cancer, Autoimmune Disorders, Lymphoma, Melanoma, Advanced Malignancy, Bladder Cancer, Blood Cancer, Cardiovascular Disease, Cervical Cancer, Chronic Inflammation, Colorectal Cancer, Diffuse Large B-Cell Lymphoma, Follicular Lymphoma, Gastric Cancer, Gliosarcoma, Head And Neck Cancer Squamous Cell Carcinoma, Hepatocellular Carcinoma, Hodgkin Lymphoma (B-Cell Hodgkin Lymphoma), Inflammation, Kidney Cancer (Renal Cell Cancer), Non-Hodgkin Lymphoma, Ovarian Cancer, Plaque Psoriasis (Psoriasis Vulgaris), Recurrent Glioblastoma Multiforme (GBM), Refractory Chronic Lymphocytic Leukemia (CLL), Refractory Multiple Myeloma, Relapsed Chronic Lymphocytic Leukemia (CLL), Relapsed Multiple Myeloma and Renal Cell Carcinoma. Furthermore, this report also reviews key players involved in Lymphocyte Activation Gene 3 Protein (Protein FDC or CD223 or LAG3) targeted therapeutics development with respective active and dormant or discontinued projects. Driven by data and information sourced from proprietary databases, company/university websites, clinical trial registries, conferences, SEC filings, investor presentations and featured press releases from company/university sites and industry-specific third party sources. Browse the full report @ http://www.orbisresearch.com/reports/index/lymphocyte-activation-gene-3-protein-protein-fdc-or-cd223-or-lag3-pipeline-review-h1-2017 . Scope – The report provides a snapshot of the global therapeutic landscape for Lymphocyte Activation Gene 3 Protein (Protein FDC or CD223 or LAG3) – The report reviews Lymphocyte Activation Gene 3 Protein (Protein FDC or CD223 or LAG3)targeted therapeutics under development by companies and universities/research institutes based on information derived from company and industry-specific sources – The report covers pipeline products based on various stages of development ranging from pre-registration till discovery and undisclosed stages – The report features descriptive drug profiles for the pipeline products which includes, product description, descriptive MoA, R&D brief, licensing and collaboration details & other developmental activities – The report reviews key players involved in Lymphocyte Activation Gene 3 Protein (Protein FDC or CD223 or LAG3)targeted therapeutics and enlists all their major and minor projects – The report assesses Lymphocyte Activation Gene 3 Protein (Protein FDC or CD223 or LAG3) targeted therapeutics based on mechanism of action (MoA), route of administration (RoA) and molecule type – The report summarizes all the dormant and discontinued pipeline projects – The report reviews latest news and deals related to Lymphocyte Activation Gene 3 Protein (Protein FDC or CD223 or LAG3) targeted therapeutics Reasons to buy – Gain strategically significant competitor information, analysis, and insights to formulate effective R&D strategies – Identify emerging players with potentially strong product portfolio and create effective counter-strategies to gain competitive advantage – Identify and understand the targeted therapy areas and indications for Lymphocyte Activation Gene 3 Protein (Protein FDC or CD223 or LAG3) – Identify the use of drugs for target identification and drug repurposing – Identify potential new clients or partners in the target demographic – Develop strategic initiatives by understanding the focus areas of leading companies – Plan mergers and acquisitions effectively by identifying key players and it’s most promising pipeline therapeutics – Devise corrective measures for pipeline projects by understanding Lymphocyte Activation Gene 3 Protein (Protein FDC or CD223 or LAG3)development landscape – Develop and design in-licensing and out-licensing strategies by identifying prospective partners with the most attractive projects to enhance and expand business potential and scope Purchase a copy of this report @ http://www.orbisresearch.com/contact/purchase/310031 . Companies Mentioned Boehringer Ingelheim GmbH Bristol-Myers Squibb Company Crescendo Biologics Ltd Enumeral Biomedical Holdings Inc GlaxoSmithKline Plc Icell Kealex Therapeutics Incyte Corp MacroGenics Inc Merck & Co Inc Novartis AG Prima BioMed Ltd Regeneron Pharmaceuticals Inc Sutro Biopharma Inc Symphogen A/S Tesaro Inc Trellis Bioscience Inc Xencor Inc For any enquires before buying, connect with us @ enquiry@orbisresearch.com About Us: Orbis Research (orbisresearch.com) is a single point aid for all your market research requirements. We have vast database of reports from the leading publishers and authors across the globe. We specialize in delivering customized reports as per the requirements of our clients. We have complete information about our publishers and hence are sure about the accuracy of the industries and verticals of their specialization. This helps our clients to map their needs and we produce the perfect required market research study for our clients. Contact Us: Hector Costello Senior Manager – Client Engagements 4144N Central Expressway, Suite 600, Dallas, Texas – 75204, U.S.A. Phone No.: +1 (214) 884-6817; +912064101019 For more information contact sales@orbisresearch.com CategoriesGoogle News, Satellite, satPRnews TagsHealthcare Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Binocular Loupe Sales Market 2016 Market Growth, Trends, Demand, Share, Analysis to 2021 Next PostNext Human Papillomavirus Protein E6 (E6) Market H1 2017 covering Companies illuminated by New Report Search Recent Posts Germany Acid Proof Lining Market projected to register a CAGR of 5.9% during 2016-2026 Global Industrial Microbiology Market expected to expand at a CAGR of 7.1% over 2016-2024 Tantalum Capacitors Market Trends Global Industry Analysis, Top Manufacturers, Share, Growth, Statistics, Opportunities & Forecast up to 2022 Thornhill Medical’s MOVES® SLC™ Portable Emergency Life Support System Receives 510K Clearance From The US FDA Asia-Pacific Polyether Block Amide (PEBA) Market Research Report 2017 to 2022 RSS Feed Subscribe RSS Feed (link) Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 6 June 2017 by Maciej Heyman Veterinary Therapeutics Market – Global Industry Volume and Region Analysis – 2024 This report on the global veterinary therapeutics market analyzes the current and future prospects of the market. The report comprises an elaborate executive summary, including a market snapshot that provides overall information of various segments and sub-segments. The research is a combination of primary and secondary research. Primary research formed the bulk of our research efforts along with information collected from telephonic interviews and interactions via e-mails. Secondary research involved study of company websites, annual reports, press releases, stock analysis presentations, and various international and national databases. The report provides market size in terms of US$ Mn for each segment for the period from 2014 to 2024, considering the macro and micro environmental factors. Growth rates for each segment within the global veterinary therapeutics market have been determined after a thorough analysis of past trends, demographics, future trends, technological developments, and regulatory requirements. Obtain Report Details @ www.transparencymarketresearch.com/veterinary-therapeutic… A detailed qualitative analysis of factors responsible for driving and restraining market growth and future opportunities has been provided in the market overview section. This section of the report also includes market attractiveness analysis that provides a thorough analysis of the overall competitive scenario in the global veterinary therapeutics market. Market revenue in terms of US$ Mn for the period between 2014 and 2024 along with the compound annual growth rate (CAGR %) from 2016 to 2024 are provided for all the segments, considering 2015 as the base year. Market size estimations involved in-depth study of services and product features of different types of services. Additionally, market related factors such as increasing preference for technologically advanced services, product innovation, and growing number of acute and chronic animal and zoonotic diseases in various geographies and historical year-on-year growth have been taken into consideration while estimating the market size. Based on product type, the global veterinary therapeutics market has been segmented into drugs (anti-infectives, anti-inflammatory, parasiticides, and others), vaccines (inactivated vaccines, live attenuated vaccines, recombinant vaccines, and others), and feed additives (amino acids, antibiotics, and others). The market has been further studied from the point of view of major animal types. Based on animal type, the market has been categorized into companion animals and livestock animals. On the basis of route of administration, the market has been segmented into oral, parenteral, and topical. Based on distribution channel, the market has been segmented into veterinary hospitals, veterinary clinics, pharmacies & drug stores, and others. Geographically, the global veterinary therapeutics market has been segmented into five regions: North America, Europe, Asia Pacific, Latin America, and Middle East & Africa. In addition, the regions have been further segmented by major countries from each region. These include the U.S., Canada, the U.K., Germany, France, Italy, Spain, China, Japan, India, Australia, South Africa, Brazil, and Mexico. The report also profiles major players in the veterinary therapeutics market based on various attributes such as company overview, financial overview, SWOT analysis, key business strategies, product portfolio, and recent developments. Key companies profiled in the report include Bayer Animal Health, Boehringer Ingelheim Vetmedica, Inc., Ceva Sante Animale, Dechra Animal Health, Elanco Animal Health, Merck Animal Health, Merial Animal Health, Vetoquinol S.A., Virbac S.A., and Zoetis, Inc. Fill the form for an exclusive sample of this report @ www.transparencymarketresearch.com/sample/sample.php?flag… About Us Transparency Market Research (TMR) is a market intelligence company, providing global business information reports and services. Our exclusive blend of quantitative forecasting and trends analysis provides forward-looking insight for thousands of decision makers. We have an experienced team of Analysts, Researchers, and Consultants, who us e proprietary data sources and various tools and techniques to gather, and analyze information. Our business offerings represent the latest and the most reliable information indispensable for businesses to sustain a competitive edge. Contact Transparency Market Research 90 State Street, Suite 700 Albany, NY 12207 Tel: +1-518-618-1030 USA – Canada Toll Free: 866-552-3453 Email: sales@transparencymarketresearch.com Website: www.transparencymarketresearch.com Browse market research blog: tmrresearch.blogspot.com/ This release was published on openPR. CategoriesUncategorized TagsHealth & Medicine Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Computer Aided Detection Market Global Industry Volume By Region 2016 – 2024 Next PostNext Preclinical Tomography System Market Analysis, Market Size, Application Analysis, Regional Outlook, Competitive Strategies & Forecast by 2022 Search Recent Posts Germany Acid Proof Lining Market projected to register a CAGR of 5.9% during 2016-2026 Global Industrial Microbiology Market expected to expand at a CAGR of 7.1% over 2016-2024 Tantalum Capacitors Market Trends Global Industry Analysis, Top Manufacturers, Share, Growth, Statistics, Opportunities & Forecast up to 2022 Thornhill Medical’s MOVES® SLC™ Portable Emergency Life Support System Receives 510K Clearance From The US FDA Asia-Pacific Polyether Block Amide (PEBA) Market Research Report 2017 to 2022 RSS Feed Subscribe RSS Feed (link) Proudly powered by WordPress
