Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login MENU Stock Picks Learn More News Investing News Fool Podcasts Guides How to Invest Retirement Personal Finance Motley Fool Answers Options Trading Find a Broker Compare IRA Accounts Community Discussion Boards CAPS More About Help My Fool My Fool My Profile My Watchlist My Scorecard My Boards My CAPS My Reports My Subscriptions My Settings Premium Advice My Services None Other Services None Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Search Search: Better Buy: Merck & Co. Inc. vs. AbbVie Inc. How do Merck and AbbVie compare on product lineups, pipelines, and dividends? Keith Speights (TMFFishBiz) Oct 25, 2016 at 5:43PM Image source: Getty Images. Merck (NYSE:MRK) and AbbVie (NYSE:ABBV) compete head-to-head in at least two prominent markets: hepatitis C and autoimmune diseases like rheumatoid arthritis and psoriatic arthritis. AbbVie is still winning in the former category for now and dominates in the latter. But which of these two stocks has the upper hand over the long run? Here's how Merck and AbbVie stack up against each other. Why buy Merck? In the first half of this year, Merck grew earnings by an impressive 42% compared to the prior-year period. The drugmaker's stock is up 16% year to date, reflecting the strong earnings performance. That's not a compelling reason to buy Merck shares now, though.  Merck faces some challenges with its current product lineup. Sales for top-selling diabetes drug Januvia/Janumet are growing, but only a little. Cardiovascular drug Zetia is performing better. Sales for cancer drug Keytruda and hepatitis C drug Zepatier are soaring. However, the overall growth from these products isn't enough to offset declining sales for other drugs like anti-inflammatory drug Remicade and respiratory drug Nasonex. So why buy Merck? Its pipeline shows considerable promise. Keytruda was recently approved by European regulators as a second-line treatment for non-small cell lung cancer. That's another step toward reaching the $8 billion peak annual sales expected for the drug. Keytruda is also in phase 3 studies for treatment of bladder cancer, breast cancer, and multiple myeloma and in phase 2 studies targeting ovarian cancer, Hodgkin lymphoma, and other advanced solid tumors.  In total, Merck's pipeline includes 21 phase 3 programs and 15 programs in phase 2. While Keytruda stands out as the candidate with the best prospects, Alzheimer's disease drug verubecestat could also be a huge winner if testing goes well. The drug is currently in a phase 3 clinical study. Investors should also like Merck's dividend. The dividend yield currently stands at 2.96%, and Merck has a good track record of paying (and often increasing) dividends. Why buy AbbVie? AbbVie hasn't been a slouch at growing earnings, either. The biotech posted year-over-year earnings growth of 24% in the first half of 2016. Unlike Merck, however, AbbVie also grew revenue by an impressive rate. Leading the way, as usual, was Humira. Sales for the autoimmune disease drug in the first six months of 2016 topped $7.2 billion, up 16% from the prior-year period. AbbVie's most sizzling growth, though, came from Imbruvica. Sales for the cancer drug in the first half of this year were over six times greater than in the same period in 2015. Hepatitis C drug Viekira is also doing quite well, with sales jumping 35% year over year to $833 million in the first six months of 2016. Another newer drug should soon make a significant revenue impact for AbbVie. Empliciti, which won European approval for multiple myeloma in May as a combination therapy with Celgene's Revlimid, could reach peak annual sales of over $4 billion.  AbbVie's pipeline also looks solid. The company has 15 phase 3 programs and 24 phase 2 programs. Standouts in AbbVie's pipeline include cancer drug veliparib and elagolix, which targets treatment of endometriosis and uterine fibroids. If you liked Merck's dividend, then you'll love AbbVie's. The dividend yield is currently 3.79%. Since the company was formed in 2013, AbbVie has increased its dividend by more than 42%. Better buy Merck certainly has several things for investors to like, but I think the better buy between these two stocks is AbbVie. The company's current product lineup continues to show strong momentum. AbbVie's pipeline holds plenty of potential. And that dividend looks really attractive. There is one big cloud on AbbVie's horizon: Sooner or later, Humira will face competition from biosimilars. However, I don't think that will happen for several more years, thanks to AbbVie's secondary patents on the drug. For now, AbbVie appears to be a good pick for investors looking for growth and income. Keith Speights owns shares of Celgene. The Motley Fool owns shares of and recommends Celgene. The Motley Fool has the following options: short October 2016 $95 puts on Celgene. Try any of our Foolish newsletter services free for 30 days. We Fools may not all hold the same opinions, but we all believe that considering a diverse range of insights makes us better investors. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author Keith Speights (TMFFishBiz) Keith began writing for the Fool in 2012 and focuses primarily on healthcare investing topics. His background includes serving in management and consulting for the healthcare technology, health insurance, medical device, and pharmacy benefits management industries. Follow @keithspeights Article Info Oct 25, 2016 at 5:43PM Health Care Stocks Merck and Co. NYSE:MRK $63.53 down $0.42 (-0.66%) AbbVie NYSE:ABBV $62.97 down $0.13 (-0.21%) Read More After Opdivo's Failure, Is Merck a Better Buy Than Bristol-Myers? Prices for These 4 Top-Selling Prescription Drugs Have More Than Doubled Since 2010 AbbVie Inc. Q3 Results: Good but Not Good Enough Is AbbVie's Dividend Worth the Risk? Better Buy: AbbVie Inc. vs. Johnson & Johnson Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Terms of Use Privacy Policy Copyright, Trademark and Patent Information Terms and Conditions © 1995 - 2016 The Motley Fool. All rights reserved. Current New stock picks released in...         Get The Picks x
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login MENU Stock Picks Learn More News Investing News Fool Podcasts Guides How to Invest Retirement Personal Finance Motley Fool Answers Options Trading Find a Broker Compare IRA Accounts Community Discussion Boards CAPS More About Help My Fool My Fool My Profile My Watchlist My Scorecard My Boards My CAPS My Reports My Subscriptions My Settings Premium Advice My Services None Other Services None Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Search Search: Better Buy: Merck & Co. Inc. vs. AbbVie Inc. How do Merck and AbbVie compare on product lineups, pipelines, and dividends? Keith Speights (TMFFishBiz) Oct 25, 2016 at 5:43PM Image source: Getty Images. Merck (NYSE:MRK) and AbbVie (NYSE:ABBV) compete head-to-head in at least two prominent markets: hepatitis C and autoimmune diseases like rheumatoid arthritis and psoriatic arthritis. AbbVie is still winning in the former category for now and dominates in the latter. But which of these two stocks has the upper hand over the long run? Here's how Merck and AbbVie stack up against each other. Why buy Merck? In the first half of this year, Merck grew earnings by an impressive 42% compared to the prior-year period. The drugmaker's stock is up 16% year to date, reflecting the strong earnings performance. That's not a compelling reason to buy Merck shares now, though.  Merck faces some challenges with its current product lineup. Sales for top-selling diabetes drug Januvia/Janumet are growing, but only a little. Cardiovascular drug Zetia is performing better. Sales for cancer drug Keytruda and hepatitis C drug Zepatier are soaring. However, the overall growth from these products isn't enough to offset declining sales for other drugs like anti-inflammatory drug Remicade and respiratory drug Nasonex. So why buy Merck? Its pipeline shows considerable promise. Keytruda was recently approved by European regulators as a second-line treatment for non-small cell lung cancer. That's another step toward reaching the $8 billion peak annual sales expected for the drug. Keytruda is also in phase 3 studies for treatment of bladder cancer, breast cancer, and multiple myeloma and in phase 2 studies targeting ovarian cancer, Hodgkin lymphoma, and other advanced solid tumors.  In total, Merck's pipeline includes 21 phase 3 programs and 15 programs in phase 2. While Keytruda stands out as the candidate with the best prospects, Alzheimer's disease drug verubecestat could also be a huge winner if testing goes well. The drug is currently in a phase 3 clinical study. Investors should also like Merck's dividend. The dividend yield currently stands at 2.96%, and Merck has a good track record of paying (and often increasing) dividends. Why buy AbbVie? AbbVie hasn't been a slouch at growing earnings, either. The biotech posted year-over-year earnings growth of 24% in the first half of 2016. Unlike Merck, however, AbbVie also grew revenue by an impressive rate. Leading the way, as usual, was Humira. Sales for the autoimmune disease drug in the first six months of 2016 topped $7.2 billion, up 16% from the prior-year period. AbbVie's most sizzling growth, though, came from Imbruvica. Sales for the cancer drug in the first half of this year were over six times greater than in the same period in 2015. Hepatitis C drug Viekira is also doing quite well, with sales jumping 35% year over year to $833 million in the first six months of 2016. Another newer drug should soon make a significant revenue impact for AbbVie. Empliciti, which won European approval for multiple myeloma in May as a combination therapy with Celgene's Revlimid, could reach peak annual sales of over $4 billion.  AbbVie's pipeline also looks solid. The company has 15 phase 3 programs and 24 phase 2 programs. Standouts in AbbVie's pipeline include cancer drug veliparib and elagolix, which targets treatment of endometriosis and uterine fibroids. If you liked Merck's dividend, then you'll love AbbVie's. The dividend yield is currently 3.79%. Since the company was formed in 2013, AbbVie has increased its dividend by more than 42%. Better buy Merck certainly has several things for investors to like, but I think the better buy between these two stocks is AbbVie. The company's current product lineup continues to show strong momentum. AbbVie's pipeline holds plenty of potential. And that dividend looks really attractive. There is one big cloud on AbbVie's horizon: Sooner or later, Humira will face competition from biosimilars. However, I don't think that will happen for several more years, thanks to AbbVie's secondary patents on the drug. For now, AbbVie appears to be a good pick for investors looking for growth and income. Keith Speights owns shares of Celgene. The Motley Fool owns shares of and recommends Celgene. The Motley Fool has the following options: short October 2016 $95 puts on Celgene. Try any of our Foolish newsletter services free for 30 days. We Fools may not all hold the same opinions, but we all believe that considering a diverse range of insights makes us better investors. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author Keith Speights (TMFFishBiz) Keith began writing for the Fool in 2012 and focuses primarily on healthcare investing topics. His background includes serving in management and consulting for the healthcare technology, health insurance, medical device, and pharmacy benefits management industries. Follow @keithspeights Article Info Oct 25, 2016 at 5:43PM Health Care Stocks Merck and Co. NYSE:MRK $63.53 down $0.42 (-0.66%) AbbVie NYSE:ABBV $62.97 down $0.13 (-0.21%) Read More After Opdivo's Failure, Is Merck a Better Buy Than Bristol-Myers? Prices for These 4 Top-Selling Prescription Drugs Have More Than Doubled Since 2010 AbbVie Inc. Q3 Results: Good but Not Good Enough Is AbbVie's Dividend Worth the Risk? Better Buy: AbbVie Inc. vs. Johnson & Johnson Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Terms of Use Privacy Policy Copyright, Trademark and Patent Information Terms and Conditions © 1995 - 2016 The Motley Fool. All rights reserved. Current New stock picks released in...         Get The Picks x
Advertisement Modern Healthcare Menu Providers Insurance Government Finance Technology Transformation Safety & Quality People Opinion & Editorial Research & Data Center Education & Events Awards & Recognition Magazine Jobs Subscribe Advertise About Us Contact Us Twitter Facebook Linkedin Google Plus Opinion & Editorial Research & Data Center Education & Events Awards & Recognition Jobs Modern Healthcare The leader in healthcare business news, research & data Register |  Log in This Week's Issue • Subscribe • Advertise Modern Healthcare Providers Insurance Government Finance Technology Transformation Safety & Quality People Home  > Finance  > Financial Results  Merck breezes past Q3 profit expectations, raises forecast By Associated Press  | October 25, 2016 Related Share Twitter Facebook Linkedin Google Plus Buy Reprints Print Article Email this page to a colleague Comment Related content Merck puts up strong Q2 numbers, but choppy waters ahead Merck and Premier team up to prevent osteoporotic fractures Merck beats Q1 profit outlooks with tight cost controls Merck breezes past Q3 profit expectations, raises forecast By Associated Press  | October 25, 2016 Higher sales of vaccines and prescription medicines, coupled with restrained spending, helped Merck & Co. post a 20% jump in third-quarter profit, trouncing Wall Street expectations. The maker of Januvia diabetes pills raised and narrowed its 2016 financial forecasts, but noted some headwinds, including the start of U.S. generic competition to three drugs by year's end. The second-biggest U.S. drugmaker is in transition, with revenue from older products such as immune disorder treatment Remicade and the Dulera asthma inhaler leveling off or falling amid increased competition. But sales are building for drugs launched since 2014, particularly immuno-oncology drug Keytruda and hepatitis C-curing Zepatier. Meanwhile, Zinplava for preventing recurrence of life-threatening C. difficile infections was approved Friday in the U.S., and Merck plans to apply soon for approval of experimental diabetes drug ertugliflozin and additional uses for Keytruda, its newest blockbuster, with more than $1 billion in sales over the past four quarters. In addition, chief executive Ken Frazier told analysts during a conference call that deals to boost Merck's pipeline of experimental drugs, with a focus on small -to-midsized assets that fit well within its business, are a priority. He noted Merck is calling attention to the innovation of its medicines amid the U.S. political furor over soaring drug prices. "We don't think these environmental pricing pressures will ease," Frazier said. Merck reported net income of $2.18 billion, or 78 cents per share. Adjusted for one-time gains and costs, earnings came to $1.07 per share, eclipsing the 98 cents analysts expected. The Kenilworth, New Jersey-based drugmaker reported revenue of $10.54 billion, up 5% and above Street forecasts for $10.24 billion. Sales of prescription drugs rose 6% to $9.44 billion, led by higher sales for Keytruda, cholesterol pill Zetia, drugs used in hospitals and Gardasil and other vaccines. Top seller Januvia and combination drug Jamumet, for Type 2 diabetes, saw sales dip 1% to a combined $1.56 billion. Sales of cholesterol medicines Zetia and Vytorin, which should face generic competition by year's end, edged up 1% to $944 million. Antibiotic Cubicin also is getting generic competition this quarter. Gardasil, a vaccine against cancer-causing human papilloma virus, saw sales jump 38% to $860 million, boosted by a higher U.S. price for a new version that protects against more strains of HPV, higher U.S. demand and purchases by government health programs. Children's vaccine Proquad also benefited from U.S. health program stockpiling, raising sales 28% to $496 million. Keytruda, one of the hot new cancer drugs that work by boosting the immune system to fight tumors, posted sales of $364 million, up 124%. Late Monday, the immuno-oncology drug won U.S. approval — two months ahead of schedule — for using Keytruda in bigger patient groups, including those newly diagnosed with lung cancer. Cancer drugs typically are approved initially for use after multiple other drugs have failed patients, then gradually allowed to be used earlier in treatment. Keytruda is already approved as a second-line treatment for lung cancer and for melanoma and head and neck cancer. It's being tested in about 300 patient studies, alone and combined with chemotherapy or other immuno-oncology drugs. "We are excited by the long-term potential of Keytruda against many different tumor types," pharmaceutical marketing head Adam Schechter told the analysts. Sanford Bernstein analyst Dr. Timothy Anderson wrote to investors that the early approval "helps cement the product's lead versus competitors in the large lung cancer market," which should further raise Keytruda sales. Sales of veterinary medicines rose 5% to $865 million, driven partly by the Bravecto line of flea and tick products. Merck now expects full-year earnings of $2.02 to $2.09, up from its July forecast of $1.98 to $2.08, and revenue of $39.7 billion to $40.2 billion, up from $39.1 billion to $40.1 billion. In midday trading, Merck shares rose 74 cents, or 1.2%, to $61.49 as the broader markets declined. Merck shares have risen more than 16% over the past year. Related content Merck puts up strong Q2 numbers, but choppy waters ahead Merck and Premier team up to prevent osteoporotic fractures Merck beats Q1 profit outlooks with tight cost controls Tags: Comments Loading comments... Advertisement Advertisement Sponsored Content {{title}} {{description}} {{buttonType}} Advertisement About Us Contact Us Privacy Policy Terms of Use Advertise Modern Healthcare Copyright © 1996-2016 Crain Communications, Inc.
  Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Wires Home My Profile Logout Login Feedback DailyMail NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad Reuters Health News Summary By Reuters Published: 16:56 EST, 25 October 2016 | Updated: 16:56 EST, 25 October 2016 e-mail Following is a summary of current health news briefs. Merck wins early U.S. approval for Keytruda in untreated lung cancer Merck & Co has won U.S. approval to market its immunotherapy Keytruda for use in previously untreated lung cancer patients two months ahead of schedule, making it the only such drug cleared for first-line treatment. The green light from the Food and Drug Administration (FDA), announced by the U.S. drugmaker late on Monday, confirms Merck's leading position in the hot area of medicines that fight tumors by harnessing the body's immune system. Breastfeeding support helps new moms stick with it, U.S. doctors say Women who want to breastfeed their babies may be more likely to try it and to stick with it when they receive education and support, new U.S. guidelines conclude. Updated recommendations issued today by the U.S. Preventive Services Task Force (USPSTF) recognize the many health benefits of breastfeeding for both mothers and babies while also accepting that women need to make a personal choice about how to feed their infants, said task force member Ann Kurth, dean of the Yale School of Nursing in Orange, Connecticut. Texas hospital reaches settlement with nurse infected with Ebola A nurse who contracted the Ebola virus while treating the first person diagnosed with the deadly disease in the United States has reached a settlement with the Dallas hospital where she was in a team caring for the man, a statement on Monday said. Terms of the deal between the hospital's owner, Texas Health Resources, and nurse Nina Pham, the first person infected with Ebola in the United States, were not disclosed. Exclusive: WHO cancer agency asked experts to withhold weedkiller documents The World Health Organization's cancer agency - which is facing criticism over how it classifies carcinogens - advised academic experts on one of its review panels not to disclose documents they were asked to release under United States freedom of information laws. In a letter and an email seen by Reuters, officials from the International Agency for Research on Cancer (IARC) cautioned scientists who worked on a review in 2015 of the weedkiller glyphosate against releasing requested material. E-cigarettes could be used to help combat obesity in smokers trying to quit: study Researchers in Britain and New Zealand have found a potential new use for electronic cigarettes in smokers who want to give up - controlling appetite and limiting the weight gain that often comes with quitting. In a review published in the journal Nicotine & Tobacco Research, the scientists found that it's the nicotine in cigarettes that makes smokers less likely to overeat, and suggested e-cigarettes, which contain nicotine but no tobacco, may help prevent them from eating too much when they quit. U.N. legal stance on Haiti cholera likely pushed by U.S.: expert The United Nations likely refused to accept legal responsibility for a cholera outbreak in Haiti that has killed thousands in the past six years because it was a position pressed by the United States, an independent U.N. investigator said on Tuesday. Haiti was free of cholera until 2010, when U.N. peacekeepers dumped infected sewage into a river. Since then, more than 9,000 people have died of the disease, which causes uncontrollable diarrhea, and more than 800,000 people have fallen ill. Hired experts back claims St. Jude heart devices can be hacked Short-selling firm Muddy Waters said in a legal filing on Monday that outside experts it hired validated its claims that St. Jude Medical Inc cardiac implants are vulnerable to potentially life-threatening cyber attacks. U.S. regulators responded by reiterating previous advice that patients should keep using the devices, and a St. Jude spokeswoman said the company would respond "through appropriate legal channels." Bill Gates foundation gives $210 million to Seattle-based university Microsoft founder Bill Gates through his foundation has donated $210 million to an initiative based at the University of Washington in Seattle aimed at improving people's health around the world, university officials said on Tuesday. The gift from the Bill & Melinda Gates Foundation, named after the billionaire and his wife, will be used to construct a building at the university to house its Population Health Initiative, the school said. Work environment may moderate menopause misery Women experiencing menopause symptoms like hot flashes and sleeping problems do better if they have a comfortable workplace and a supportive boss, according to an Australian study. By offering support to menopausal women, such as trained managers and temperature controls, workplaces can improve the employee experience and help themselves by boosting productivity, the researchers write in the journal Menopause. After concussion, kids' quality of life may dip for months Kids with persistent symptoms months after a concussion have lower quality of life than kids who have recovered, but even kids who recovered quickly may still struggle, according to a new Canadian study. "While it has been long-understood that brain injuries may negatively impact quality-of-life (especially in those patients with severe injuries who have required surgery), we were surprised to see that the quality-of-life following concussion may have prolonged effects (3 months or more) on school even in those children who had recovered within one month," said senior author Dr. Roger Zemeck of the Children's Hospital of Eastern Ontario Research Institute in Ottawa. Share or comment on this article e-mail Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article. Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail     DON'T MISS 'She's modified her face beyond all recognition!' Carol Vorderman, 55, stuns viewers after exhibiting 'frozen' complexion on I'm A Celeb It's getting hot in here! Ola Jordan shows off her dancer's body in tiny red bikini as she hits the jungle shower with Sam Quek and Scarlett Moffatt on I'm a Celeb Carol Vorderman, 55, strips down to a VERY racy swimsuit on I'm A Celeb...as 'happily single' star tells campmates 'I do alright' when it comes to men She looks to be doing just fine! Kim Kardashian's friend shares rare photo of reality star recluse as she dresses up in belly dancer costume for fun Ashley James puts on a eye-popping display in an itsy-bitsy bikini as she soaks up the sun on the beach in Ibiza Making the most of the sun 'It's me or the wardrobe!' Frankie Gaff gives Jamie Laing an ultimatum. He found living with her and her 'floordrobe' too much to bear on Made In Chelsea, by Jim Shelley  Cor (rie) blimey! Helen Flanagan showcases her incredible figure in a racy cut-out bikini as she holidays in Dubai with boyfriend Scott Sinclair Chloe Ferry reportedly FIRED from Geordie Shore after 'kicking new housemate Zahida Allen in the head'  The 21-year-old was shown the door Now that's a lesson in style! Myleene Klass exposes her cleavage in plunging jumpsuit as she leads the red carpet glamour at School of Rock press night She's proud of that booty! Khloe Kardashian flaunts her derriere as she does squats at the gym Taking after her bigger sister (in both senses) Real men wear pink! Brooklyn Beckham follows in his mother Victoria's fashionable footsteps as he makes a statement with pink beanie hat Frankie Bridge is the picture of elegance in plunging patterned gown at Virgin awards... after her husband Wayne makes I'm A Celebrity debut PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Tom Hiddleston steps out with a pretty blonde Taylor Swift lookalike... two months after split with pop star Flashed a beaming grin She needs a nap! Pregnant Marion Cotillard looks weary during LA dinner after tirelessly promoting Brad Pitt WWII film Allied Struggling Holly Willoughby is close to tears on This Morning as a distraught mother breaks down over her son's planned suicide during bullying phone-in The Eighties called! Sheridan Smith is unrecognisable as a busty brunette on set of the movie adaptation of comic Jo Brand's book As schizophrenic mum Newly-engaged Pixie Lott can barely contain her glee as she heads to jewellers hours after fiancé Oliver Cheshire popped the question What a gem!  Emma Watson stars as Belle in the first trailer for Disney's long-awaited live action remake of Beauty And The Beast Looks stunning Choosing her prince wasn't ALWAYS such an easy choice! Meghan Markle giggles as she is asked to pick either William or Harry months before romance She's a good sport! Gigi Hadid tries her hand at table tennis as she makes a sweeping entrance at VIP dinner in stylish satin jumpsuit In high spirits 'Worst thing I've ever done': I'm A Celeb's Scarlett, Jordan, Ola and Sam do Bushtucker Trial featuring 120,000 critters... as Moffatt is voted in first From refurbished iPads to a good-as-new Sony PS4: Ways to save money on your children's gifts this Christmas (without any fewer smiles!) SPONSORED Make-up free Coleen Rooney flaunts her trim figure in semi-sheer mesh workout gear as she hits the gym Making the most of her free time Demure Dita! Burlesque extraordinaire Von Teese steps out in modest black polo neck and ornate silver skirt for evening in London Jessica Simpson's father Joe, 58, confirms he has prostate cancer and has already undergone surgery 'He's feeling great now and is optimistic' 'It's like we get a little bit of dad back': Bindi Irwin says she remembers her dad the best every time she puts on her Australia Zoo uniform Not very ladylike! Lady Victoria Hervey, 40, displays more than expected as she flashes perky assets when risqué swimsuit unfastens Dapper Brad Pitt takes selfies with adoring fans at Allied screening in China... as he returns to the public eye after split with Angelina Jolie In better spirits again 'She works really hard': X Factor's Sam Lavery defends Honey G after elimination... as rapper faces backlash for surviving ANOTHER week 'He's such a good man': Marion Cotillard gushes about Allied co-star Brad Pitt... after shooting down rumours of an on set romance Caught up in split Naomi Campbell speaks for the first time about what it means to be black and British and joins other famous stars who were told to limit their ambitions due to their skin colour Take that! Bella Hadid throws a punch as she works out in boxing class after split from The Weeknd Was snug in her black, oversize fuzzy jacket  Girl time! Bella Thorne and Demi Lovato don skinny jeans as they catch up over lunch at the trendy Urth Caffe They both have new romances 'I had a bit of a nervous breakdown' Ryan Reynolds admits secret battle with anxiety as he's named GQ's Man of the Year He's filming Deadpool Coy Khloe Kardashian attempts to go incognito in huge hoodie as she steps out in wake of Tristan Thompson split rumours  Looked glum 'I gave up my career for a really long time': Ayda Field admits she TURNED DOWN a major US TV show to be with husband Robbie Williams 'It was very romantic': Goldie Hawn gets VERY candid about her and Kurt Russell's sex life and discusses split with ex husband Bill Hudson In Aspen, Colorado,  'Fame is the best drug': Lady Gaga opens up about her addiction to stardom as she covers Harper's Bazaar She penned an open essay to the magazine Twice the star power! Madonna puckers up as she and Zac Efron take selfies together at UFC's Connor McGregor star-studded fight Lucky Star 20 years and counting! Ant and Dec sign new three-year deal with ITV marking a landmark anniversary with the channel and promising more I'm A Celeb and BGT until at least 2019 'It's really awkward': Girl On The Train star Haley Bennett on being constantly mistaken for Jennifer Lawrence There is an uncanny likeness 'I lost Jack': Natalie Portman is a heartbroken First Lady after JFK's assassination in emotionally charged trailer for Jackie Natalie Portman flatters her pregnant figure in a striped T-shirt as she runs errands A regular errand-running day, despite the relsease of a mega-bucks trailer Waiting on mom! Jennifer Garner grabs breakfast while Ben Affleck and son Samuel goof around in their car The amicable exes appeared to be relaxed  'I could write a book on back problems!': Duncan James confirms he is fit and well after sudden visit to A&E... five months after emergency surgery on his spine Post election blues: Alec Baldwin looks depressed as he strolls with family before accusing NBC of not allowing SNL to endorse Hillary Clinton Back to her Mean Girls roots! Lindsay Lohan shows off new red locks reminiscent of her infamous movie character in cosy Instagram selfie Showdown! Exes Justin Bieber and Selena Gomez will compete for Artist Of The Year at the American Music Awards On November 20 It's only three weeks old! Amber Rose can't hide her horror as her brand new $371k Rolls-Royce gets rear-ended 'It's awesome!' Hailee Steinfeld opens up about being part of Taylor Swift's squad as she flashes her bra for magazine cover Gave glimpse of her bra 'I felt isolated': Robbie Williams describes the roller coaster ride with drugs, drink and depression that almost killed him... as he gets tearful over his daughter Hat's the way to do it! TOWIE's George Harrison flaunts her enviably svelte figure in a sizzling cut-out monokini as she enjoys a beach break in Spain 'Let's keep fighting to make it a better world for our children': Katie Holmes shares rare photo of daughter Suri with powerful message A productive playdate 'Sort your jaw out!' Vicky Pattison is slammed for 'gurning' on I'm A Celeb Extra Camp... as she mistakes show for Xtra Factor in awkward blunder 'I'm heartbroken, but proud of myself': Daisy Lowe flashes her toned abs in a crop top as she puts on a brave face after Strictly elimination  Put on a brave face 'She's built like a woman': Tommy Hilfiger praises 'smart, funny and humble' Gigi Hadid as he shows off his luxury New York apartment  'The 80s are back!' Luke Hemsworth channels He-Man for retro birthday bash with brother Liam and Miley Cyrus Time is rolling back 'They eat and stargaze': Sean Penn gripes about celebs who attend his foundation's annual gala... but don't donate a cent Looking rugged Ariel Winter posts a VERY cheeky Instagram snap from her Mexican holiday with Levi Meaden and pals Certainly making a splash 'We had good gossip': Courtney Love reveals unlikely friendship with Hillary Clinton... after meeting as they got their hair cut at same salon They met in 1988 'Being right sucks': The Simpsons poke fun at themselves in opening credits of first episode since Trump's election after predicting his presidency 16 years ago Young And The Restless star Corey Sligh, 28, arrested for molesting a girl under the age of 10 in Georgia The arrest took place on October 14 in Georgia Pretty as a petal! Jaime King looks ultra feminine in romantic lace gown at intimate fashion dinner She was certainly the belle of the ball EXCLUSIVE: How Andy Cohen refused an invitation into Cher's bedroom and fuelleda feud between Mariah Carey and Jennifer Lopez Catherine Tyldesley flaunts her toned legs in skintight jeans as she presents radio show... after teasing Corrie's 'heartbreaking' Christmas storyline 'Why are you in, miss? You're a millionaire!' GBBO champ Candice Brown reveals pupils were shocked to see her return to her job as a PE teacher after win Off-duty beauty: Lottie Moss goes make-up free and rocks a casual outfit as she jets out of Barcelona after a girls' weekend  Bare faced chic She's a peach! Adriana Lima flaunts her lean bronzed limbs in pretty floral mini dress as she shops in Miami  Turned sidewalk into her catwalk Nick Knowles moves into estranged wife Jessica's home following 'traumatic' split 11 months ago... after admitting they 'are working through things' 'I've NEVER eaten a takeaway': Mary Berry shares her biggest foodie secrets (and reveals what husband Paul will be getting her for Christmas this year) Secrets of an A-list body: We reveal how YOU can get Mark Wahlberg's pecs The 45-year-old actor is renowned for his toned pecs LeAnn Rimes holds hands with husband Eddie Cibrian as they reunite with his ex-wife Brandi Glanville at son's soccer match Families united Ola Jordan keeps her lace dress ON as she sets up camp in I'm A Celeb... as jealous husband James warns about hitting on his 'firecracker' 'He has never taken responsibility for her': I'm A Celebrity's Larry Lamb 'has a secret daughter who he had at 21... and hasn't seen for 46 years'  'She just didn't even try': Former I'm A Celeb winner Charlie Brooks calls out Helen Flanagan for being 'the worst' campmate at bushtucker trials 'I don't know if it was dancing or a seizure': Cheeky Robbie Williams gives mother-in-law Gwen harsh critique as she dances to Pray on Loose Women Jesy Nelson is seen without her engagement ring AGAIN during Sydney trip... as speculation heightens over 'split' from fiancé Jake Roche PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Hilary Duff shows off her fit figure in a skimpy bikini while on holiday with boyfriend Jason Walsh in Puerto Vallarta  Feeling the heat 'There's so much I wish I could thank him for, just one last time': Leonard Cohen's son writes emotional tribute to his father following his death aged 82 Did Kendall Jenner quit Instagram? Model's account no longer available after ballerina outrage Following Kim's lead and taking a break? Jailed Apollo Nida set to return to Real Housewives Of Atlanta with his new FIANCEE (but what will Phaedra Parks say?) Serving eight years Millie Mackintosh shows off her abs in a berry bikini as she models for boyfriend Hugo Taylor's sunglasses line in Mauritius Wish you were here? Final plans for Leonardo DiCaprio's ultra-luxury private eco resort on 104-acre island off Belize are released  Bought in 2005 'It's been challenging, but like Alan Partridge, I'm bouncing back': Tony Blackburn opens up about returning to BBC radio months after being sacked  'She should be ashamed of herself!' Sharon Osbourne is slammed on Twitter as X Factor fans accuse her of changing her mind at the last minute In need of a drink? Simon Cowell clutches a bottle of beer as he leaves The X Factor with Lauren Silverman after Honey G survives ANOTHER week Getting the after-party started! Dita Von Teese, Dominic Cooper and Ophelia Lovibond let loose at the Evening Standard Theatre Awards Madonna's age gap... between her face and hand: Wrinkled mitts give away the singer's age as she attends UFC bout in New York  Unable to disguise age Chic Julia Roberts is every inch the stylish soccer mom in low-key skinny jeans and a hat as she cheers on her kids Low-key superstar 'You could bleed to death': Kris Jenner warns Kim Kardashian about seeking third natural pregnancy on KUWTK Hard to take in Chrissy Teigen oozes retro glamour in a super-plunging Seventies-style jumpsuit as Fergie goes for a sheer mini at intimate fashion dinner Lindsay Lohan at the centre of a battery case as 'two Russians assault a man accused of spreading rumours about her' More drama The People v OJ Simpson leads the way with six Critics' Choice Awards nominations... as Game Of Thrones gets five Booty-ful day at the beach! Larsa Pippen shows off her fit figure in plunging white swimsuit while sunbathing in Miami Kim K's BFF A head for heights! Carol Vorderman leads the way as she conquers terrifying 300ft walk above city in I'm A Celebrity's first Bushtucker Trial   Ultimate flashing champion! Newly-single Bella Hadid shows off her bra in sheer top as she goes hell for leather on way to Conor McGregor fight EXCLUSIVE: 'I didn't want to leave the house': Frankie Essex says fitness helped her combat depression... as she reveals remarkable weight loss in a bikini 'Who is voting for her?' Honey G faces fresh backlash as talented act Sam Lavery leaves and farcical X Factor rapper isn't even in bottom two Could she win? Wild thing! Busty Ashley James sets pulses racing in a barely-there leopard print bikini as she jets off to Malta Series of sizzling snaps Daisy Lowe misses out on Blackpool as she is voted off Strictly after a  dance off against Greg Rutherford... but Ed Balls sails through again in  Gangnam Style Khloe Kardashian posts cryptic Instagram message amid speculation she's split with new beau Tristan Thompson Over already? 'We never asked to be role models': Perrie Edwards says she feels 'pressure' to act responsibly as she joins Little Mix co-stars for sizzling photo shoot I'm a Celebrity... it's getting hot in here! Joel Dommett, Wayne Bridge and Adam Thomas flash their ripped chests in the first jungle shower of the season 'Larry Lamb for Bond!': Twitter left in hysterics as EastEnders star dives into swamp to save Scarlett Moffatt from canoe disaster on I'm A Celebrity PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Hilary buff! Ms Duff puts her sculpted physique on display in a studded bikini during Mexican holiday Let the sunshine! Biggest surprise ever': Pixie Lott reveals she's engaged to long-term love Oliver Cheshire as she shows off dazzling diamond ring on Instagram  Cruel... No not nature's predators - Sir David Attenborough. He used  'rape' of Snow Leopards to make viewers suffer in Planet Earth II, writes JIM SHELLEY  'If your ex has been an a***hole, it's nice to belittle them': Little Mix stars get candid about faking orgasms and shaming former boyfriends in song 'I thought my life would be normal': Hollywood megastar Goldie Hawn says she only ever wanted to get married, have children and run a dance school  Lily Donaldson shows off her cleavage and legs in a daring dress with thigh-high slit at star-studded Evening Standard Theatre Awards Elizabeth Hurley wows in a plunging black dress as she's joined by her very dapper son Damian, 14, for a night at the Evening Standard Theatre Awards  Still part of the family! Billie Piper wows in glam gown as she jokes with ex Laurence Fox's cousin Freddie at the Evening Standard Theatre Awards Margo Stilley flashes her lace bra and hot pants in raunchy sheer dress as she makes rare red carpet appearance at Evening Standard Awards Now James Corden turns his talents to Christmas ads! Sainsbury's enters the fray with an animated commercial featuring singing from the star In a Potter bother! Fantastic Beasts star Eddie Redmayne reveals he got grilled over wand after trying to smuggle it through customs Pucker up! Jesse Metcalfe and fiancee Cara Santana pack on the PDA at their engagement party They got engaged in August after eight years 'Thank you all so much': The X Factor's Sam Lavery shows little emotion as she is latest contestant to be voted off... after tense singing battle with Ryan Lawrie SPOILER ALERT: 'She's not mine!': Rick Grimes makes explosive revelation about 'daughter' on The Walking Dead More trouble ahead Shameless actor Jody Latham is accused of 'terrorising' a former Apprentice star in feud over his ex-fiancee  Appeared at Manchester Magistrates' Court PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Kourtney Kardashian flaunts fabulous figure in skimpy bikini on romantic getaway in Mexico with on/off beau Scott Disick Alexander McQueen's London penthouse hits the market for £8.5 million (complete with bespoke chandeliers, a dining terrace and walk-in dressing rooms)  Lea Michele shimmers in strapless dress as Kristen Bell goes sheer daring in lacy top for Christmas event in LA Black was back at glitzy event 'Wolf with rabies': Teresa Giudice continues taunting Jacqueline Laurita as fiery RHONJ reunion concludes On/off friendship  Happiest place! Singer Ashlee Simpson and hubby Evan Ross enjoy family bonding day with kids at Disneyland Happy every after  Lily James is spring chic in yellow dress and denim jacket as she is seen for first time on set of Baby Driver Filming the crime comedy in Atlanta A man cave for her Tyga? Kylie Jenner stocks a special room with Playboy magazine for 'the boys' at her Hidden Hills mansion Mags and an ashtray Unhappy birthday to you! Glum Anne Hathaway is a lady in red as she heads out for fancy celebratory dinner She had been stumping for Hillary Clinton What a whirl-wand trip! Eddie Redmayne looks exhausted as he lands in London in time for the premiere of Fantastic Beasts after debuting movie in New York Pregnant Katherine Heigl dresses her baby bump with loose fitting tank top at flea market with husband Josh Kelley Looking for baby gifts? Chic but sombre, the Duchess of Cambridge joins Camilla and Sophie Wessex at the Cenotaph on Remembrance Sunday A von Furstenberg coat  EXCLUSIVE: 'He pursued her heavily': I'm A Celeb's Lisa Snowdon 'devastated' to learn footballer ex Jay Bothroyd was married during eight-month affair 'FIRST look': Ruby Rose posts teaser of The Veronicas' new single On Your Side... which details her love story with singer Jess Origliasso  Kate Beckinsale shows off her slim figure in tight top as she attends AFI FEST in Los Angeles Always looks sensational  'He's the Trump of Strictly': Ed Balls divides viewers after Gangnam Style saves him as it's revealed he'll perform a Great Balls of Fire jive in Blackpool You must be jo-KING? EastEnders hardman Danny Dyer makes heir-larious discovery as it's revealed he is a descendant of royalty Cockney royalty Animal attraction! Make-up free Heidi Klum, 43, gets wild with leopard print at a celeb-studded fundraiser in Los Angeles Wild thing She's got some front! Rebecca Hall looks radiant in low-cut patterned dress at AFI Fest in Los Angeles The Christine star paired her unique dress  Sharp-suited Tom Hiddleston arrives at Evening Standard Theatre Awards in good spirits... amid claims Taylor Swift will sing about their breakup Corrie's Beverley Callard 'hasn't met her 11-month-old grandchild' despite living just down the road  Laura Cross made the claims against the star 'People can call me a mug but we are happy': Megan McKenna stands by reunion with Pete Wicks after sexting scandal... and no longer checks his social media 'It's very sad': Iconic soap star Eileen Derbyshire, 85, may not return to Coronation Street after 55-year run Has been absent now for 12 months 'You had me at bonjour': Make-up free Rebecca Gayheart, 45, shows off her clear complexion as she dons cheeky T-shirt at charity event Nikki Reed stuns in white off-the-shoulder patterned top as she attends ACLU dinner in LA The 28-year-old looked gorgeous as ever She's a real page turner! Actress Emma Roberts goes make-up free as she peruses a newsstand in Los Angeles Looked simply chic SPOILER ALERT: Ecstatic Gemma Winter meets lifelong crush Peter Andre as the pop star makes a cameo on Coronation Street Getting star treatment 'I feel so sorry for her': Catherine Tyldesley steps out in a wintry ensemble as she heads to a radio appearance to tease 'heartbreaking' Xmas storyline Hollywood power couple Jennifer Aniston and Justin Theroux go unnoticed in Germany... after saying he makes her feel 'completely adored' Stunning at 70! Goldie Hawn cuts a fabulous figure in silk dress as she makes an appearance ahead of her comedy show in Melbourne Back to her pre-baby best! Kim Kardashian recycles 2009 Princess Jasmine costume for fun with North She worked hard to get  back in pre-baby shape JK's fantastic new hero is just the magic we need: BRIAN VINER on the latest instalment of the Potter franchise  Plenty to say about restablishment stooges Nicole Kidman reunites with her To Die For director Gus Van Sant and co-star Casey Affleck for Variety taping Cult black comedy Coleen Rooney looks glam in an off-the-shoulder top as she enjoys a girls' night out at new Liverpool restaurant Flashed the flesh From Hollywood to Hollyoaks! Dallas star Linda Gray, 76, brings the glam to Chester in first look at her cameo in the Channel 4 soap  An unlikely arrival She's ripped! Kelly Bensimon wears torn blue jeans while out with daughter Thadeus in New York City Stepped out in New York over the weekend Michelle Keegan 'house-hunting in South Africa' as she prepares to spend eight more months away from Mark Wright for Our Girl filming Billy Bob Thornton smokes a cigarette as he touches down in LA after saying ex-wife Angelina Jolie 'seems OK' following Brad Pitt split Hailey Baldwin flaunts her bikini body in a swimsuit before planting a kiss on her female friend Model and daughter of Stephen Baldwin From Ab Flab to Ab Fab! Helen Lederer sheds eight pounds and drops a dress size in just three days after surviving on 400 calories A DAY 'It's about finding the right balance': Marion Cotillard admits she struggles to balance her professional and personal life... after denying Brad romance The good life! Ariel Winter proudly flaunts backside as she twerks in bikini during Mexican holiday with Levi Meaden and pals Continuing her holiday  Feeding the flock! Jennifer Garner and Ben Affleck provide snacks for family church as they bring their children to Sunday service At Pacific Palisades No comment! Kanye West refuses to confirm if he still plans to run for President in 2020  The 39-year-old Life of Pablo artist ignored questions Kanye West launches a new 'unpretentious' range of clothes - but a jumper will still set you back £1,745 and a T-shirt £159 A real man of the people 'You always inspire': Sylvester Stallone presents Jackie Chan with honourary Oscar... as Arnold Schwarzenegger also pays tribute 'I had a good time with dalliances': Robbie Williams jokes about making the most of his fame, how many of the Spice Girls he's REALLY slept with Swift beatz? Pop princess Taylor calls on rumoured rapper flame Drake 'to help give her music a hip-hop vibe' She reportedly wants to sound edgier Puppy love! Sofia Richie shows taut tummy as pal Cameron Dallas carries cute canine at West Hollywood store Enjoyed some dog time Miranda Kerr is the belle of the ball in an exquisite gold gown as she cosies up to sharp-suited fiancé Evan Spiegel at glittering Baby2Baby Gala Geordie Shore's Sophie Kasaei parades her sun-kissed curves on the beach after defending healthy Size 10 figure Showed off her bikini  'I'm no spring chicken': Ex-Strictly professional Ola Jordan, 34, says she's 'not body-confident' despite sneaking SIX sexy bikinis into I'm A Celeb 'I'm not having another baby, so screw you': EastEnders actress Jacqueline Jossa lashes out at cruel trolls who told her she looked pregnant 'He waited outside for her': Pregnant Amy Childs flees event after man 'threatened to punch her' Outside The Ideal Homes Show 'I only do the things I love': Mary Berry confirms filming for her own cooking show... as Bake-Off makers 'head to court over block on Channel 4 rival' 'That smile ain't nothing but a Dream!': Kris Jenner posts adorable snap of Rob Kardashian cradling his new baby girl Latest addition Jessica Alba goes casual chic as she takes her daughters to the Beverly Hills Farmers' Market She is known for her healthy lifestyle Mia Tyler announces she's expecting her first child by sharing picture of her bump First child for the artist, who is the daughter of Aerosmtih's Steven Scarlett Johansson shows off stunning curves in lilac cutaway dress at Ghost In The Shell trailer launch in Japan Glam evening Pamela Anderson cuts a chic figure as she brings MORE snacks to WikiLeaks founder Julian Assange... after he joked that her vegan treats were 'torture' Jamie Foxx has fun on set with Robert Downey Jr and Jeremy Piven as they film All-Star Weekend Revolves around two tow-truck drivers Kurves ahead! Khloe Kardashian shows off her incredible physique in a burnt orange dress as she heads to stylist Monica Rose's baby shower PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Megan Fox and Brian Austin Green take baby Journey and his older brothers on family outing Family united  'I was a bit of a b***ard': Phil Collins admits to cheating on his ex-wife, but says he was just 'following his heart' Regrets the affair 'I had nothing left to give him': Daisy Lowe falls foul of Strictly curse... as she and beau Bradley 'Frankie' Wade couldn't 'cope with the pressure' If you wannabe my mother: Ex-Spice Girl Victoria Beckham 'wants to manage her son Cruz's pop career' Thinks her experiences make her the perfect candidate Rod Stewart's rarely-seen daughter Ruby follows in her father's footsteps as she opens his tour in Liverpool The apple never falls far from the tree From Top Gear to top rear! Little Mix's Leigh-Anne Pinnock teaches Jeremy Clarkson how to twerk on the Jonathan Ross Show Awkward! GIRL ABOUT TOWN: Finally, Jeremy Clarkson is silenced - by the raging wife of Sir Shifty, Lady Green Someone who can stop the motormouth  GIRL ABOUT TOWN: Phasing out the Fogles! Prince William distances himself from Ben Fogle and his wife  Said to be fed up of Ben talking about him in public GIRL ABOUT TOWN: Doctor Who to marry Lady Rose? Besotted Matt Smith to pop the question to girlfriend Lily James by Christmas  Planning trip to New York Still the Princess of Darkness: X Factor judge Sharon Osbourne, 64, flips the bird as she leaves X Factor post-party looking a little worse for wear Outlandish behaviour Parkinson's sufferer Michael J. Fox appears to go Back To The Future with impassioned guitar solo as he leads special gig to support his charity Nicola Peltz flashes her taut abs in a crop top as she opts for an all-black look in Los Angeles Flashed a hint of her abs as she headed out Eye of the tiger, face of an angel: Ageless Madonna, 58, stuns with extremely taut appearance as she leads star-studded UFC fight crowd Kendall Jenner's hangout bar, Emma Stone's beloved salon and Jennifer Aniston's hiking spot: How to ditch the tourist traps and explore LA like a local A-Lister From Baywatch to bag watch: Giddy Kelly Rohrbach shops 'til she drops as she strains under a heavy load Made shopping look like hard work on Saturday PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Kate Upton and fiancé Justin Verlander put on a tactile display on romantic Italian vacation The 24-year-old model kept close in Florence Sheer delight! Nicole Kidman flashes her cleavage in plunging see-through gown at The Governors Awards... before slipping into classic white high-neck dress for later event 'I don't want to say!' Kris Jenner cries as her mother MJ asks her biggest fear in Keeping Up With The Kardashians Welled up on TV Getting some retail therapy! Julianne Moore and friend Laura Dern browse designer dresses at LA boutique  The 55-year-old looked to be in good spirits  'Loved it!' Kelly Clarkson takes baby Remington and daughter River to Disney World River, 2, and Remington, 7 months,  will have been delighted Danniella Westbrook sports new brunette hairdo, but STILL wears a plaster under her nose... amid reports she's suing Celebrity Botched Up Bodies Hard man Mickey Rourke, 64, proves he's a big softy at heart as muscular actor cradles beloved fluffy pooch The age-defying actor, 64, showed off his bulging biceps People wanted to kill me, says Prince Harry's girl: Meghan Markle opens up to PIERS MORGAN about dating, death threats and most embarrassing moment  Bataclan TURNS AWAY Eagles of Death Metal - who were playing when ISIS massacred 90 music fans - as the concert hall reopens a year after the attack with Sting performance Cringing Cowell! Simon is left red-faced after Dermot shares throwback picture of him with a VERY dodgy hairdo on X Factor Giving a gun show too! What happens in Vegas stays still in Vegas! Britney Spears does the Mannequin Challenge to celebrate Sin City success  Flesh-flashing Charlotte Dawson flirts up a storm with new rugby player boyfriend Matt Sarsfield as they're spotted together for the first time Trinny Woodall's 'nightmare' £300,000 divorce battle from beyond the grave: Fashion guru's bizarre High Court battle over her dead ex's debts  Get Me Out Of Here already! Scarlett Moffatt can't contain her disgust as she's forced to canoe through swampy waters in I'm A Celebrity's first grizzly challenge 'Strictly viewers are delighted to spot Mary Berry in the audience... but are reduced to tears as Judge Rinder's granddad wells up on-screen  She's got good jeans! Khloe Kardashian shows off her toned bottom...as she hits out at haters online Addressing all the criticism Frill-seeker! Slimmed-down Tina Malone shows off her TINY size six figure in black flamenco-style dress as she steps out at RTS Awards Disco fever! Leona Lewis oozes 70s glamour in corkscrew curls and plunging sequin gown as she steals the show at animal charity gala in LA Cara Delevingne flashes her abs with a sexy pin-up on her jacket... as she turns her mind to modelling following St Vincent split She had taken a step back from her modelling  Donatella Versace claims that gay male fashion designers create clothes for the 'women they want to be' rather than their customers   Female style icon Rachel Weisz is cosy beneath a bizarre woolly hat  She is famed for starring in cult classic The Mummy, but Rachel Weisz looked like she was almost embalmed  Ready to take the plunge! Ola Jordan glams up before the jungle in a low cut peachy dress as she meets her I'm A Celebrity team mates Slinky Scherzinger! Nicole shows off stunning figure in racy cut out dress on X Factor before changing into JUST a pink jacket for dinner  Chrissy Teigen and daughter Luna host baby shower for celebrity stylist Monica Rose... and Khloe Kardashian and Kris Jenner are on hand too Braided beauty! Cara Delevingne cuts a fashionable flyer in a chic bomber jacket as she touches down at LAX Eyes front, Philip! A playboy prince eyeing up the ladies? Don't worry, Ma'am - it's only a VERY impertinent scene from hit TV show The Crown  What will Ma'am think? Hugh Jackman spotted cosying up with Madonna at UFC title fight in New York  Watched Conor McGregor and Eddie Alvarez battle it out Vin Diesel and Nina Dobrev fuel the hype for xXx: Return of Xander Cage at Los Angeles fan event Diesel, 49, looked every part the action hero  Will Smith is in high spirits as he has a laugh on set for upcoming fantasy film Bright Will Smith spent his Saturday hard at work on his forthcoming fantasy thriller Bright Liquid gold! Lily Collins oozes class in backless satin gown at the Academy's Governors Awards in Hollywood Perhaps Lily Collins had her sights set on a gold statue Blue bombshell! Bryce Dallas Howard stuns at star-studded Weinstein Company party featuring Matthew McConaughey A real showstopper All-natural beauty! Jenna Dewan is pretty in pink with husband Channing Tatum at Baby2Baby Gala in Los Angeles  Had her black locks parted in the middle Kate Hudson shines in gold number as she poses with Matthew McConaughey and wife Camila at Baby2Baby Gala Sheerly amazing! Jessica Alba stuns in partially transparent black gown for star-studded Baby2Baby Gala in Los Angeles Charity that supports babies in need In the navy! Jennifer Garner is beautiful in blue as she stuns on red carpet of Baby2Baby Gala in LA The 44-year-old actress looked beautiful in blue Bella Thorne is epitome of casual chic in Daisy Dukes and snakeskin boots before slipping into crop top and ripped jeans Two different outfits 'Bonding with mommy!' Blac Chyna breastfeeds daughter Dream in newborn baby's first tweet Created an Instagram account in baby's name Blac Chyna's mother Tokyo Toni shows charitable side as she promotes food drive after second grandchild is born Tokyo Toni is feeling charitable  Pretty in pattern! Emma Stone and Michelle Williams wow in sparkling gowns for the eighth annual Governors Awards in Hollywood The actresses arrived dressed to the nines Demi Lovato holds hands with rumoured MMA fighter beau Luke Rockhold as they arrive to UFC 205 in New York It's been the worst kept celebrity couple secret for a while now Head Start to Home Cooked Get Recipes more SHARE PICTURE Copy link to paste in your message Find out more... Find out more... Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Network This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Syndication Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
null
  Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Wires Home My Profile Logout Login Feedback DailyMail NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad Merck predicts lung cancer dominance for Keytruda immunotherapy By Reuters Published: 12:15 EST, 25 October 2016 | Updated: 12:15 EST, 25 October 2016 e-mail By Bill Berkrot and Ransdell Pierson NEW YORK, Oct 25 - Merck & Co on Tuesday declared its intention to dominate the large and lucrative lung cancer market, bolstered by a significant expansion of approved U.S. uses for its drug that helps the immune system attack tumors. Merck's optimistic comments came after it posted better-than-expected third quarter results, helped by growing sales of the cancer drug Keytruda. Keytruda on Monday became the first of the new immunotherapy drugs approved as an initial lung cancer treatment, when U.S. regulators cleared it for use in patients whose cancer cells express a high level of the PD-L1 protein that the medicine targets. The decision, which came two months earlier than expected, involves up to 30 percent of non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC) patients. The Food and Drug Administration also said Keytruda could now be used in patients whose cancer progressed after chemotherapy, even with minimal PD-L1 presence, putting it on a level playing with Bristol-Myers Squibb's rival immunotherapy Opdivo in so-called second line treatment. Roche's new Tecentriq is also approved for second-line lung cancer treatment. "We believe the increasing familiarity physicians and their staff will have with using Keytruda in first-line NSCLC will help them also dominate the second line market," Credit Suisse analyst Vamil Divan said in a research note. Bristol's perceived leadership in the hot field suffered a devastating blow in August, when its trial of Opdivo in first-line lung cancer regardless of PD-L1 levels failed to help patients more than chemotherapy. On a conference call with analysts, Merck said it was already seeing an acceleration in testing for PD-L1 following lung cancer diagnosis, which bodes well for future use of Keytruda. The drug is also approved for advanced melanoma and head and neck cancer and is being tested against numerous other cancers, with analysts forecasting eventual annual sales exceeding $8 billion. "We remain dedicated to establishing Keytruda as the leader in lung cancer," Adam Schechter, Merck's head of global pharmaceuticals, told analysts. Lung cancer is by far the largest cancer category. The company said it was seeing few limitations from health insurers over duration of treatment in lung cancer for the medicine that costs about $150,000 a year. While Merck waits for Keytruda lung cancer sales to take off, its third-quarter earnings were buoyed by strong demand for its Gardasil vaccine, Januvia diabetes drug and Keytruda in melanoma. Excluding items, Merck said it earned $1.07 per share, beating analysts' average expectations by 8 cents. The company raised the mid-point of its full-year forecast, excluding special items, and now expects to earn $3.71 to $3.78 per share, up from its prior view of $3.67 to $3.77. LILLY PROFIT DISAPPOINTS Another U.S. drugmaker, Eli Lilly and Co, is also counting on new drugs to spur future growth after reporting lower-than-expected third-quarter results that were hurt by disappointing sales of its Humalog insulin and animal health products. Excluding special items, Lilly earned 88 cents per share, 8 cents shy of analysts' average estimates, according to Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S. But Lilly maintained its full-year forecast of $3.50 to $3.60 per share, excluding items, and said it was seeing increasing demand for it newer Trulicity and Jardiance diabetes drugs and Taltz psoriasis treatment. Lilly's fortunes, already on the rise, could take flight if its experimental Alzheimer's disease treatment solanezumab proves able to slow cognitive declines in a late stage study of patients with mild disease. Those results are expected before the end of the year. Any successful Alzheimer's treatment is expected to reap many billions of dollars in annual sales. Merck shares were up 2 percent at $61.95, while shares of Eli Lilly were up 0.5 percent at $77.99. (Additional reporting by Reporting by Ankur Banerjee in Bengaluru; Editing by Martina D'Couto and Nick Zieminski) Share or comment on this article e-mail Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article. Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail     DON'T MISS 'She's modified her face beyond all recognition!' Carol Vorderman, 55, stuns viewers after exhibiting 'frozen' complexion on I'm A Celeb It's getting hot in here! Ola Jordan shows off her dancer's body in tiny red bikini as she hits the jungle shower with Sam Quek and Scarlett Moffatt on I'm a Celeb Carol Vorderman, 55, strips down to a VERY racy swimsuit on I'm A Celeb...as 'happily single' star tells campmates 'I do alright' when it comes to men She looks to be doing just fine! Kim Kardashian's friend shares rare photo of reality star recluse as she dresses up in belly dancer costume for fun Ashley James puts on a eye-popping display in an itsy-bitsy bikini as she soaks up the sun on the beach in Ibiza Making the most of the sun 'It's me or the wardrobe!' Frankie Gaff gives Jamie Laing an ultimatum. He found living with her and her 'floordrobe' too much to bear on Made In Chelsea, by Jim Shelley  Cor (rie) blimey! Helen Flanagan showcases her incredible figure in a racy cut-out bikini as she holidays in Dubai with boyfriend Scott Sinclair Chloe Ferry reportedly FIRED from Geordie Shore after 'kicking new housemate Zahida Allen in the head'  The 21-year-old was shown the door Now that's a lesson in style! Myleene Klass exposes her cleavage in plunging jumpsuit as she leads the red carpet glamour at School of Rock press night She's proud of that booty! Khloe Kardashian flaunts her derriere as she does squats at the gym Taking after her bigger sister (in both senses) Real men wear pink! Brooklyn Beckham follows in his mother Victoria's fashionable footsteps as he makes a statement with pink beanie hat Frankie Bridge is the picture of elegance in plunging patterned gown at Virgin awards... after her husband Wayne makes I'm A Celebrity debut PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Tom Hiddleston steps out with a pretty blonde Taylor Swift lookalike... two months after split with pop star Flashed a beaming grin She needs a nap! Pregnant Marion Cotillard looks weary during LA dinner after tirelessly promoting Brad Pitt WWII film Allied Struggling Holly Willoughby is close to tears on This Morning as a distraught mother breaks down over her son's planned suicide during bullying phone-in The Eighties called! Sheridan Smith is unrecognisable as a busty brunette on set of the movie adaptation of comic Jo Brand's book As schizophrenic mum Newly-engaged Pixie Lott can barely contain her glee as she heads to jewellers hours after fiancé Oliver Cheshire popped the question What a gem!  Emma Watson stars as Belle in the first trailer for Disney's long-awaited live action remake of Beauty And The Beast Looks stunning Choosing her prince wasn't ALWAYS such an easy choice! Meghan Markle giggles as she is asked to pick either William or Harry months before romance She's a good sport! Gigi Hadid tries her hand at table tennis as she makes a sweeping entrance at VIP dinner in stylish satin jumpsuit In high spirits 'Worst thing I've ever done': I'm A Celeb's Scarlett, Jordan, Ola and Sam do Bushtucker Trial featuring 120,000 critters... as Moffatt is voted in first From refurbished iPads to a good-as-new Sony PS4: Ways to save money on your children's gifts this Christmas (without any fewer smiles!) SPONSORED Make-up free Coleen Rooney flaunts her trim figure in semi-sheer mesh workout gear as she hits the gym Making the most of her free time Demure Dita! Burlesque extraordinaire Von Teese steps out in modest black polo neck and ornate silver skirt for evening in London Jessica Simpson's father Joe, 58, confirms he has prostate cancer and has already undergone surgery 'He's feeling great now and is optimistic' 'It's like we get a little bit of dad back': Bindi Irwin says she remembers her dad the best every time she puts on her Australia Zoo uniform Not very ladylike! Lady Victoria Hervey, 40, displays more than expected as she flashes perky assets when risqué swimsuit unfastens Dapper Brad Pitt takes selfies with adoring fans at Allied screening in China... as he returns to the public eye after split with Angelina Jolie In better spirits again 'She works really hard': X Factor's Sam Lavery defends Honey G after elimination... as rapper faces backlash for surviving ANOTHER week 'He's such a good man': Marion Cotillard gushes about Allied co-star Brad Pitt... after shooting down rumours of an on set romance Caught up in split Naomi Campbell speaks for the first time about what it means to be black and British and joins other famous stars who were told to limit their ambitions due to their skin colour Take that! Bella Hadid throws a punch as she works out in boxing class after split from The Weeknd Was snug in her black, oversize fuzzy jacket  Girl time! Bella Thorne and Demi Lovato don skinny jeans as they catch up over lunch at the trendy Urth Caffe They both have new romances 'I had a bit of a nervous breakdown' Ryan Reynolds admits secret battle with anxiety as he's named GQ's Man of the Year He's filming Deadpool Coy Khloe Kardashian attempts to go incognito in huge hoodie as she steps out in wake of Tristan Thompson split rumours  Looked glum 'I gave up my career for a really long time': Ayda Field admits she TURNED DOWN a major US TV show to be with husband Robbie Williams 'It was very romantic': Goldie Hawn gets VERY candid about her and Kurt Russell's sex life and discusses split with ex husband Bill Hudson In Aspen, Colorado,  'Fame is the best drug': Lady Gaga opens up about her addiction to stardom as she covers Harper's Bazaar She penned an open essay to the magazine Twice the star power! Madonna puckers up as she and Zac Efron take selfies together at UFC's Connor McGregor star-studded fight Lucky Star 20 years and counting! Ant and Dec sign new three-year deal with ITV marking a landmark anniversary with the channel and promising more I'm A Celeb and BGT until at least 2019 'It's really awkward': Girl On The Train star Haley Bennett on being constantly mistaken for Jennifer Lawrence There is an uncanny likeness 'I lost Jack': Natalie Portman is a heartbroken First Lady after JFK's assassination in emotionally charged trailer for Jackie Natalie Portman flatters her pregnant figure in a striped T-shirt as she runs errands A regular errand-running day, despite the relsease of a mega-bucks trailer Waiting on mom! Jennifer Garner grabs breakfast while Ben Affleck and son Samuel goof around in their car The amicable exes appeared to be relaxed  'I could write a book on back problems!': Duncan James confirms he is fit and well after sudden visit to A&E... five months after emergency surgery on his spine Post election blues: Alec Baldwin looks depressed as he strolls with family before accusing NBC of not allowing SNL to endorse Hillary Clinton Back to her Mean Girls roots! Lindsay Lohan shows off new red locks reminiscent of her infamous movie character in cosy Instagram selfie Showdown! Exes Justin Bieber and Selena Gomez will compete for Artist Of The Year at the American Music Awards On November 20 It's only three weeks old! Amber Rose can't hide her horror as her brand new $371k Rolls-Royce gets rear-ended 'It's awesome!' Hailee Steinfeld opens up about being part of Taylor Swift's squad as she flashes her bra for magazine cover Gave glimpse of her bra 'I felt isolated': Robbie Williams describes the roller coaster ride with drugs, drink and depression that almost killed him... as he gets tearful over his daughter Hat's the way to do it! TOWIE's George Harrison flaunts her enviably svelte figure in a sizzling cut-out monokini as she enjoys a beach break in Spain 'Let's keep fighting to make it a better world for our children': Katie Holmes shares rare photo of daughter Suri with powerful message A productive playdate 'Sort your jaw out!' Vicky Pattison is slammed for 'gurning' on I'm A Celeb Extra Camp... as she mistakes show for Xtra Factor in awkward blunder 'I'm heartbroken, but proud of myself': Daisy Lowe flashes her toned abs in a crop top as she puts on a brave face after Strictly elimination  Put on a brave face 'She's built like a woman': Tommy Hilfiger praises 'smart, funny and humble' Gigi Hadid as he shows off his luxury New York apartment  'The 80s are back!' Luke Hemsworth channels He-Man for retro birthday bash with brother Liam and Miley Cyrus Time is rolling back 'They eat and stargaze': Sean Penn gripes about celebs who attend his foundation's annual gala... but don't donate a cent Looking rugged Ariel Winter posts a VERY cheeky Instagram snap from her Mexican holiday with Levi Meaden and pals Certainly making a splash 'We had good gossip': Courtney Love reveals unlikely friendship with Hillary Clinton... after meeting as they got their hair cut at same salon They met in 1988 'Being right sucks': The Simpsons poke fun at themselves in opening credits of first episode since Trump's election after predicting his presidency 16 years ago Young And The Restless star Corey Sligh, 28, arrested for molesting a girl under the age of 10 in Georgia The arrest took place on October 14 in Georgia Pretty as a petal! Jaime King looks ultra feminine in romantic lace gown at intimate fashion dinner She was certainly the belle of the ball EXCLUSIVE: How Andy Cohen refused an invitation into Cher's bedroom and fuelleda feud between Mariah Carey and Jennifer Lopez Catherine Tyldesley flaunts her toned legs in skintight jeans as she presents radio show... after teasing Corrie's 'heartbreaking' Christmas storyline 'Why are you in, miss? You're a millionaire!' GBBO champ Candice Brown reveals pupils were shocked to see her return to her job as a PE teacher after win Off-duty beauty: Lottie Moss goes make-up free and rocks a casual outfit as she jets out of Barcelona after a girls' weekend  Bare faced chic She's a peach! Adriana Lima flaunts her lean bronzed limbs in pretty floral mini dress as she shops in Miami  Turned sidewalk into her catwalk Nick Knowles moves into estranged wife Jessica's home following 'traumatic' split 11 months ago... after admitting they 'are working through things' 'I've NEVER eaten a takeaway': Mary Berry shares her biggest foodie secrets (and reveals what husband Paul will be getting her for Christmas this year) Secrets of an A-list body: We reveal how YOU can get Mark Wahlberg's pecs The 45-year-old actor is renowned for his toned pecs LeAnn Rimes holds hands with husband Eddie Cibrian as they reunite with his ex-wife Brandi Glanville at son's soccer match Families united Ola Jordan keeps her lace dress ON as she sets up camp in I'm A Celeb... as jealous husband James warns about hitting on his 'firecracker' 'He has never taken responsibility for her': I'm A Celebrity's Larry Lamb 'has a secret daughter who he had at 21... and hasn't seen for 46 years'  'She just didn't even try': Former I'm A Celeb winner Charlie Brooks calls out Helen Flanagan for being 'the worst' campmate at bushtucker trials 'I don't know if it was dancing or a seizure': Cheeky Robbie Williams gives mother-in-law Gwen harsh critique as she dances to Pray on Loose Women Jesy Nelson is seen without her engagement ring AGAIN during Sydney trip... as speculation heightens over 'split' from fiancé Jake Roche PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Hilary Duff shows off her fit figure in a skimpy bikini while on holiday with boyfriend Jason Walsh in Puerto Vallarta  Feeling the heat 'There's so much I wish I could thank him for, just one last time': Leonard Cohen's son writes emotional tribute to his father following his death aged 82 Did Kendall Jenner quit Instagram? Model's account no longer available after ballerina outrage Following Kim's lead and taking a break? Jailed Apollo Nida set to return to Real Housewives Of Atlanta with his new FIANCEE (but what will Phaedra Parks say?) Serving eight years Millie Mackintosh shows off her abs in a berry bikini as she models for boyfriend Hugo Taylor's sunglasses line in Mauritius Wish you were here? Final plans for Leonardo DiCaprio's ultra-luxury private eco resort on 104-acre island off Belize are released  Bought in 2005 'It's been challenging, but like Alan Partridge, I'm bouncing back': Tony Blackburn opens up about returning to BBC radio months after being sacked  'She should be ashamed of herself!' Sharon Osbourne is slammed on Twitter as X Factor fans accuse her of changing her mind at the last minute In need of a drink? Simon Cowell clutches a bottle of beer as he leaves The X Factor with Lauren Silverman after Honey G survives ANOTHER week Getting the after-party started! Dita Von Teese, Dominic Cooper and Ophelia Lovibond let loose at the Evening Standard Theatre Awards Madonna's age gap... between her face and hand: Wrinkled mitts give away the singer's age as she attends UFC bout in New York  Unable to disguise age Chic Julia Roberts is every inch the stylish soccer mom in low-key skinny jeans and a hat as she cheers on her kids Low-key superstar 'You could bleed to death': Kris Jenner warns Kim Kardashian about seeking third natural pregnancy on KUWTK Hard to take in Chrissy Teigen oozes retro glamour in a super-plunging Seventies-style jumpsuit as Fergie goes for a sheer mini at intimate fashion dinner Lindsay Lohan at the centre of a battery case as 'two Russians assault a man accused of spreading rumours about her' More drama The People v OJ Simpson leads the way with six Critics' Choice Awards nominations... as Game Of Thrones gets five Booty-ful day at the beach! Larsa Pippen shows off her fit figure in plunging white swimsuit while sunbathing in Miami Kim K's BFF A head for heights! Carol Vorderman leads the way as she conquers terrifying 300ft walk above city in I'm A Celebrity's first Bushtucker Trial   Ultimate flashing champion! Newly-single Bella Hadid shows off her bra in sheer top as she goes hell for leather on way to Conor McGregor fight EXCLUSIVE: 'I didn't want to leave the house': Frankie Essex says fitness helped her combat depression... as she reveals remarkable weight loss in a bikini 'Who is voting for her?' Honey G faces fresh backlash as talented act Sam Lavery leaves and farcical X Factor rapper isn't even in bottom two Could she win? Wild thing! Busty Ashley James sets pulses racing in a barely-there leopard print bikini as she jets off to Malta Series of sizzling snaps Daisy Lowe misses out on Blackpool as she is voted off Strictly after a  dance off against Greg Rutherford... but Ed Balls sails through again in  Gangnam Style Khloe Kardashian posts cryptic Instagram message amid speculation she's split with new beau Tristan Thompson Over already? 'We never asked to be role models': Perrie Edwards says she feels 'pressure' to act responsibly as she joins Little Mix co-stars for sizzling photo shoot I'm a Celebrity... it's getting hot in here! Joel Dommett, Wayne Bridge and Adam Thomas flash their ripped chests in the first jungle shower of the season 'Larry Lamb for Bond!': Twitter left in hysterics as EastEnders star dives into swamp to save Scarlett Moffatt from canoe disaster on I'm A Celebrity PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Hilary buff! Ms Duff puts her sculpted physique on display in a studded bikini during Mexican holiday Let the sunshine! Biggest surprise ever': Pixie Lott reveals she's engaged to long-term love Oliver Cheshire as she shows off dazzling diamond ring on Instagram  Cruel... No not nature's predators - Sir David Attenborough. He used  'rape' of Snow Leopards to make viewers suffer in Planet Earth II, writes JIM SHELLEY  'If your ex has been an a***hole, it's nice to belittle them': Little Mix stars get candid about faking orgasms and shaming former boyfriends in song 'I thought my life would be normal': Hollywood megastar Goldie Hawn says she only ever wanted to get married, have children and run a dance school  Lily Donaldson shows off her cleavage and legs in a daring dress with thigh-high slit at star-studded Evening Standard Theatre Awards Elizabeth Hurley wows in a plunging black dress as she's joined by her very dapper son Damian, 14, for a night at the Evening Standard Theatre Awards  Still part of the family! Billie Piper wows in glam gown as she jokes with ex Laurence Fox's cousin Freddie at the Evening Standard Theatre Awards Margo Stilley flashes her lace bra and hot pants in raunchy sheer dress as she makes rare red carpet appearance at Evening Standard Awards Now James Corden turns his talents to Christmas ads! Sainsbury's enters the fray with an animated commercial featuring singing from the star In a Potter bother! Fantastic Beasts star Eddie Redmayne reveals he got grilled over wand after trying to smuggle it through customs Pucker up! Jesse Metcalfe and fiancee Cara Santana pack on the PDA at their engagement party They got engaged in August after eight years 'Thank you all so much': The X Factor's Sam Lavery shows little emotion as she is latest contestant to be voted off... after tense singing battle with Ryan Lawrie SPOILER ALERT: 'She's not mine!': Rick Grimes makes explosive revelation about 'daughter' on The Walking Dead More trouble ahead Shameless actor Jody Latham is accused of 'terrorising' a former Apprentice star in feud over his ex-fiancee  Appeared at Manchester Magistrates' Court PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Kourtney Kardashian flaunts fabulous figure in skimpy bikini on romantic getaway in Mexico with on/off beau Scott Disick Alexander McQueen's London penthouse hits the market for £8.5 million (complete with bespoke chandeliers, a dining terrace and walk-in dressing rooms)  Lea Michele shimmers in strapless dress as Kristen Bell goes sheer daring in lacy top for Christmas event in LA Black was back at glitzy event 'Wolf with rabies': Teresa Giudice continues taunting Jacqueline Laurita as fiery RHONJ reunion concludes On/off friendship  Happiest place! Singer Ashlee Simpson and hubby Evan Ross enjoy family bonding day with kids at Disneyland Happy every after  Lily James is spring chic in yellow dress and denim jacket as she is seen for first time on set of Baby Driver Filming the crime comedy in Atlanta A man cave for her Tyga? Kylie Jenner stocks a special room with Playboy magazine for 'the boys' at her Hidden Hills mansion Mags and an ashtray Unhappy birthday to you! Glum Anne Hathaway is a lady in red as she heads out for fancy celebratory dinner She had been stumping for Hillary Clinton What a whirl-wand trip! Eddie Redmayne looks exhausted as he lands in London in time for the premiere of Fantastic Beasts after debuting movie in New York Pregnant Katherine Heigl dresses her baby bump with loose fitting tank top at flea market with husband Josh Kelley Looking for baby gifts? Chic but sombre, the Duchess of Cambridge joins Camilla and Sophie Wessex at the Cenotaph on Remembrance Sunday A von Furstenberg coat  EXCLUSIVE: 'He pursued her heavily': I'm A Celeb's Lisa Snowdon 'devastated' to learn footballer ex Jay Bothroyd was married during eight-month affair 'FIRST look': Ruby Rose posts teaser of The Veronicas' new single On Your Side... which details her love story with singer Jess Origliasso  Kate Beckinsale shows off her slim figure in tight top as she attends AFI FEST in Los Angeles Always looks sensational  'He's the Trump of Strictly': Ed Balls divides viewers after Gangnam Style saves him as it's revealed he'll perform a Great Balls of Fire jive in Blackpool You must be jo-KING? EastEnders hardman Danny Dyer makes heir-larious discovery as it's revealed he is a descendant of royalty Cockney royalty Animal attraction! Make-up free Heidi Klum, 43, gets wild with leopard print at a celeb-studded fundraiser in Los Angeles Wild thing She's got some front! Rebecca Hall looks radiant in low-cut patterned dress at AFI Fest in Los Angeles The Christine star paired her unique dress  Sharp-suited Tom Hiddleston arrives at Evening Standard Theatre Awards in good spirits... amid claims Taylor Swift will sing about their breakup Corrie's Beverley Callard 'hasn't met her 11-month-old grandchild' despite living just down the road  Laura Cross made the claims against the star 'People can call me a mug but we are happy': Megan McKenna stands by reunion with Pete Wicks after sexting scandal... and no longer checks his social media 'It's very sad': Iconic soap star Eileen Derbyshire, 85, may not return to Coronation Street after 55-year run Has been absent now for 12 months 'You had me at bonjour': Make-up free Rebecca Gayheart, 45, shows off her clear complexion as she dons cheeky T-shirt at charity event Nikki Reed stuns in white off-the-shoulder patterned top as she attends ACLU dinner in LA The 28-year-old looked gorgeous as ever She's a real page turner! Actress Emma Roberts goes make-up free as she peruses a newsstand in Los Angeles Looked simply chic SPOILER ALERT: Ecstatic Gemma Winter meets lifelong crush Peter Andre as the pop star makes a cameo on Coronation Street Getting star treatment 'I feel so sorry for her': Catherine Tyldesley steps out in a wintry ensemble as she heads to a radio appearance to tease 'heartbreaking' Xmas storyline Hollywood power couple Jennifer Aniston and Justin Theroux go unnoticed in Germany... after saying he makes her feel 'completely adored' Stunning at 70! Goldie Hawn cuts a fabulous figure in silk dress as she makes an appearance ahead of her comedy show in Melbourne Back to her pre-baby best! Kim Kardashian recycles 2009 Princess Jasmine costume for fun with North She worked hard to get  back in pre-baby shape JK's fantastic new hero is just the magic we need: BRIAN VINER on the latest instalment of the Potter franchise  Plenty to say about restablishment stooges Nicole Kidman reunites with her To Die For director Gus Van Sant and co-star Casey Affleck for Variety taping Cult black comedy Coleen Rooney looks glam in an off-the-shoulder top as she enjoys a girls' night out at new Liverpool restaurant Flashed the flesh From Hollywood to Hollyoaks! Dallas star Linda Gray, 76, brings the glam to Chester in first look at her cameo in the Channel 4 soap  An unlikely arrival She's ripped! Kelly Bensimon wears torn blue jeans while out with daughter Thadeus in New York City Stepped out in New York over the weekend Michelle Keegan 'house-hunting in South Africa' as she prepares to spend eight more months away from Mark Wright for Our Girl filming Billy Bob Thornton smokes a cigarette as he touches down in LA after saying ex-wife Angelina Jolie 'seems OK' following Brad Pitt split Hailey Baldwin flaunts her bikini body in a swimsuit before planting a kiss on her female friend Model and daughter of Stephen Baldwin From Ab Flab to Ab Fab! Helen Lederer sheds eight pounds and drops a dress size in just three days after surviving on 400 calories A DAY 'It's about finding the right balance': Marion Cotillard admits she struggles to balance her professional and personal life... after denying Brad romance The good life! Ariel Winter proudly flaunts backside as she twerks in bikini during Mexican holiday with Levi Meaden and pals Continuing her holiday  Feeding the flock! Jennifer Garner and Ben Affleck provide snacks for family church as they bring their children to Sunday service At Pacific Palisades No comment! Kanye West refuses to confirm if he still plans to run for President in 2020  The 39-year-old Life of Pablo artist ignored questions Kanye West launches a new 'unpretentious' range of clothes - but a jumper will still set you back £1,745 and a T-shirt £159 A real man of the people 'You always inspire': Sylvester Stallone presents Jackie Chan with honourary Oscar... as Arnold Schwarzenegger also pays tribute 'I had a good time with dalliances': Robbie Williams jokes about making the most of his fame, how many of the Spice Girls he's REALLY slept with Swift beatz? Pop princess Taylor calls on rumoured rapper flame Drake 'to help give her music a hip-hop vibe' She reportedly wants to sound edgier Puppy love! Sofia Richie shows taut tummy as pal Cameron Dallas carries cute canine at West Hollywood store Enjoyed some dog time Miranda Kerr is the belle of the ball in an exquisite gold gown as she cosies up to sharp-suited fiancé Evan Spiegel at glittering Baby2Baby Gala Geordie Shore's Sophie Kasaei parades her sun-kissed curves on the beach after defending healthy Size 10 figure Showed off her bikini  'I'm no spring chicken': Ex-Strictly professional Ola Jordan, 34, says she's 'not body-confident' despite sneaking SIX sexy bikinis into I'm A Celeb 'I'm not having another baby, so screw you': EastEnders actress Jacqueline Jossa lashes out at cruel trolls who told her she looked pregnant 'He waited outside for her': Pregnant Amy Childs flees event after man 'threatened to punch her' Outside The Ideal Homes Show 'I only do the things I love': Mary Berry confirms filming for her own cooking show... as Bake-Off makers 'head to court over block on Channel 4 rival' 'That smile ain't nothing but a Dream!': Kris Jenner posts adorable snap of Rob Kardashian cradling his new baby girl Latest addition Jessica Alba goes casual chic as she takes her daughters to the Beverly Hills Farmers' Market She is known for her healthy lifestyle Mia Tyler announces she's expecting her first child by sharing picture of her bump First child for the artist, who is the daughter of Aerosmtih's Steven Scarlett Johansson shows off stunning curves in lilac cutaway dress at Ghost In The Shell trailer launch in Japan Glam evening Pamela Anderson cuts a chic figure as she brings MORE snacks to WikiLeaks founder Julian Assange... after he joked that her vegan treats were 'torture' Jamie Foxx has fun on set with Robert Downey Jr and Jeremy Piven as they film All-Star Weekend Revolves around two tow-truck drivers Kurves ahead! Khloe Kardashian shows off her incredible physique in a burnt orange dress as she heads to stylist Monica Rose's baby shower PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Megan Fox and Brian Austin Green take baby Journey and his older brothers on family outing Family united  'I was a bit of a b***ard': Phil Collins admits to cheating on his ex-wife, but says he was just 'following his heart' Regrets the affair 'I had nothing left to give him': Daisy Lowe falls foul of Strictly curse... as she and beau Bradley 'Frankie' Wade couldn't 'cope with the pressure' If you wannabe my mother: Ex-Spice Girl Victoria Beckham 'wants to manage her son Cruz's pop career' Thinks her experiences make her the perfect candidate Rod Stewart's rarely-seen daughter Ruby follows in her father's footsteps as she opens his tour in Liverpool The apple never falls far from the tree From Top Gear to top rear! Little Mix's Leigh-Anne Pinnock teaches Jeremy Clarkson how to twerk on the Jonathan Ross Show Awkward! GIRL ABOUT TOWN: Finally, Jeremy Clarkson is silenced - by the raging wife of Sir Shifty, Lady Green Someone who can stop the motormouth  GIRL ABOUT TOWN: Phasing out the Fogles! Prince William distances himself from Ben Fogle and his wife  Said to be fed up of Ben talking about him in public GIRL ABOUT TOWN: Doctor Who to marry Lady Rose? Besotted Matt Smith to pop the question to girlfriend Lily James by Christmas  Planning trip to New York Still the Princess of Darkness: X Factor judge Sharon Osbourne, 64, flips the bird as she leaves X Factor post-party looking a little worse for wear Outlandish behaviour Parkinson's sufferer Michael J. Fox appears to go Back To The Future with impassioned guitar solo as he leads special gig to support his charity Nicola Peltz flashes her taut abs in a crop top as she opts for an all-black look in Los Angeles Flashed a hint of her abs as she headed out Eye of the tiger, face of an angel: Ageless Madonna, 58, stuns with extremely taut appearance as she leads star-studded UFC fight crowd Kendall Jenner's hangout bar, Emma Stone's beloved salon and Jennifer Aniston's hiking spot: How to ditch the tourist traps and explore LA like a local A-Lister From Baywatch to bag watch: Giddy Kelly Rohrbach shops 'til she drops as she strains under a heavy load Made shopping look like hard work on Saturday PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Kate Upton and fiancé Justin Verlander put on a tactile display on romantic Italian vacation The 24-year-old model kept close in Florence Sheer delight! Nicole Kidman flashes her cleavage in plunging see-through gown at The Governors Awards... before slipping into classic white high-neck dress for later event 'I don't want to say!' Kris Jenner cries as her mother MJ asks her biggest fear in Keeping Up With The Kardashians Welled up on TV Getting some retail therapy! Julianne Moore and friend Laura Dern browse designer dresses at LA boutique  The 55-year-old looked to be in good spirits  'Loved it!' Kelly Clarkson takes baby Remington and daughter River to Disney World River, 2, and Remington, 7 months,  will have been delighted Danniella Westbrook sports new brunette hairdo, but STILL wears a plaster under her nose... amid reports she's suing Celebrity Botched Up Bodies Hard man Mickey Rourke, 64, proves he's a big softy at heart as muscular actor cradles beloved fluffy pooch The age-defying actor, 64, showed off his bulging biceps People wanted to kill me, says Prince Harry's girl: Meghan Markle opens up to PIERS MORGAN about dating, death threats and most embarrassing moment  Bataclan TURNS AWAY Eagles of Death Metal - who were playing when ISIS massacred 90 music fans - as the concert hall reopens a year after the attack with Sting performance Cringing Cowell! Simon is left red-faced after Dermot shares throwback picture of him with a VERY dodgy hairdo on X Factor Giving a gun show too! What happens in Vegas stays still in Vegas! Britney Spears does the Mannequin Challenge to celebrate Sin City success  Flesh-flashing Charlotte Dawson flirts up a storm with new rugby player boyfriend Matt Sarsfield as they're spotted together for the first time Trinny Woodall's 'nightmare' £300,000 divorce battle from beyond the grave: Fashion guru's bizarre High Court battle over her dead ex's debts  Get Me Out Of Here already! Scarlett Moffatt can't contain her disgust as she's forced to canoe through swampy waters in I'm A Celebrity's first grizzly challenge 'Strictly viewers are delighted to spot Mary Berry in the audience... but are reduced to tears as Judge Rinder's granddad wells up on-screen  She's got good jeans! Khloe Kardashian shows off her toned bottom...as she hits out at haters online Addressing all the criticism Frill-seeker! Slimmed-down Tina Malone shows off her TINY size six figure in black flamenco-style dress as she steps out at RTS Awards Disco fever! Leona Lewis oozes 70s glamour in corkscrew curls and plunging sequin gown as she steals the show at animal charity gala in LA Cara Delevingne flashes her abs with a sexy pin-up on her jacket... as she turns her mind to modelling following St Vincent split She had taken a step back from her modelling  Donatella Versace claims that gay male fashion designers create clothes for the 'women they want to be' rather than their customers   Female style icon Rachel Weisz is cosy beneath a bizarre woolly hat  She is famed for starring in cult classic The Mummy, but Rachel Weisz looked like she was almost embalmed  Ready to take the plunge! Ola Jordan glams up before the jungle in a low cut peachy dress as she meets her I'm A Celebrity team mates Slinky Scherzinger! Nicole shows off stunning figure in racy cut out dress on X Factor before changing into JUST a pink jacket for dinner  Chrissy Teigen and daughter Luna host baby shower for celebrity stylist Monica Rose... and Khloe Kardashian and Kris Jenner are on hand too Braided beauty! Cara Delevingne cuts a fashionable flyer in a chic bomber jacket as she touches down at LAX Eyes front, Philip! A playboy prince eyeing up the ladies? Don't worry, Ma'am - it's only a VERY impertinent scene from hit TV show The Crown  What will Ma'am think? Hugh Jackman spotted cosying up with Madonna at UFC title fight in New York  Watched Conor McGregor and Eddie Alvarez battle it out Vin Diesel and Nina Dobrev fuel the hype for xXx: Return of Xander Cage at Los Angeles fan event Diesel, 49, looked every part the action hero  Will Smith is in high spirits as he has a laugh on set for upcoming fantasy film Bright Will Smith spent his Saturday hard at work on his forthcoming fantasy thriller Bright Liquid gold! Lily Collins oozes class in backless satin gown at the Academy's Governors Awards in Hollywood Perhaps Lily Collins had her sights set on a gold statue Blue bombshell! Bryce Dallas Howard stuns at star-studded Weinstein Company party featuring Matthew McConaughey A real showstopper All-natural beauty! Jenna Dewan is pretty in pink with husband Channing Tatum at Baby2Baby Gala in Los Angeles  Had her black locks parted in the middle Kate Hudson shines in gold number as she poses with Matthew McConaughey and wife Camila at Baby2Baby Gala Sheerly amazing! Jessica Alba stuns in partially transparent black gown for star-studded Baby2Baby Gala in Los Angeles Charity that supports babies in need In the navy! Jennifer Garner is beautiful in blue as she stuns on red carpet of Baby2Baby Gala in LA The 44-year-old actress looked beautiful in blue Bella Thorne is epitome of casual chic in Daisy Dukes and snakeskin boots before slipping into crop top and ripped jeans Two different outfits 'Bonding with mommy!' Blac Chyna breastfeeds daughter Dream in newborn baby's first tweet Created an Instagram account in baby's name Blac Chyna's mother Tokyo Toni shows charitable side as she promotes food drive after second grandchild is born Tokyo Toni is feeling charitable  Pretty in pattern! Emma Stone and Michelle Williams wow in sparkling gowns for the eighth annual Governors Awards in Hollywood The actresses arrived dressed to the nines Demi Lovato holds hands with rumoured MMA fighter beau Luke Rockhold as they arrive to UFC 205 in New York It's been the worst kept celebrity couple secret for a while now Head Start to Home Cooked Get Recipes more SHARE PICTURE Copy link to paste in your message Find out more... Find out more... Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Network This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Syndication Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
Close Merck breezes past 3Q profit expectations, raises forecast - Brownsville Herald: Business Subscribe Herald Alerts | Online Edition | Subscribe Welcome to the site! Login or Signup below. Login|Signup Login|My Dashboard|Register Logout|My Dashboard 70° Broken Clouds Brownsville Herald News Local Valley Texas US & World Business Education SpaceX LNG in the RGV Elections Weather Entertainment El Extra App for Android and iOS The Latest City planning department working to update zoning laws Brownsville has changed a lot over the last several decades, though in many cases its zoning regulations haven’t kept up. Posted: November 14 rss Texas News Buffett's Berkshire Hathaway invests in major airlines 2 sentenced to prison for disrupting Southwest flight Lawmakers pre-file bevy of bills ahead of 2017 session A look at Trump's immigration plans by the numbers Some Texas Muslims note concerns after Donald Trump election Trump starting to sound like Obama on immigration Sports H.S. Football H.S. Baseball H.S. Basketball H.S. Soccer H.S. Track H.S. Volleyball H.S. Sports Local Sports National Sports RGVSports.com South Texas Outdoors UTRGV Athletic Survey The Latest Seager becomes latest Dodger honored as Rookie of the Year AP New! Los Angeles Dodgers shortstop Corey Seager has been voted National League Rookie of the Year, becoming the first player in two decades to win the award for the franchise that has historically dominated the honor. Posted: November 14 Sports, Professional Baseball, Baseball More From The Latest Walker, Hellickson accept $17.2M qualifying offers Texans look to improve before facing Raiders Bears' WR Jeffery suspended 4 games for PED violation Goodman's family sold 'Go Cubs Go' just before song took off Obituaries Life Tu Salud Autism Contests Puzzles Comics Kingdom Texas Lottery Community Community Calendar Business Directory Church Directory Health Directory NIE Opinion Letters to the Editor Editorials Customer Service Subscribe MyBrownsvilleHerald.com Activate Account Start/Stop Delivery Pay Your Bill Complaints Contact Us About Us Home Delivery Legal Notices Classifieds Jobs Autos Homes Service Directory RGV Alerts Careers Don't Miss: Hurricane Safety Guide Celebrating the Port of Brownsville Home News Business Merck breezes past 3Q profit expectations, raises forecast Story Comments Print Create a hardcopy of this page Font Size: Default font size Larger font size Previous Next Mel Evans Merck beats Street 3Q forecasts, hikes 2016 profit forecast FILE - In this Thursday, Dec. 18, 2014, file photo, a person walks through a Merck company building, in Kenilworth, N.J. Merck reports financial results Tuesday, Oct. 25, 2016. (AP Photo/Mel Evans, File) Posted: Tuesday, October 25, 2016 10:38 am | Updated: 11:15 am, Tue Oct 25, 2016. Merck breezes past 3Q profit expectations, raises forecast Associated Press | Higher sales of vaccines and prescription medicines, coupled with restrained spending, helped Merck & Co. post a 20 percent jump in third-quarter profit, trouncing Wall Street expectations. The maker of Januvia diabetes pills raised and narrowed its 2016 financial forecasts, but noted some headwinds, including the start of U.S. generic competition to three drugs by year's end. Its shares edged higher in midday trading Tuesday. The second-biggest U.S. drugmaker is in transition, with revenue from older products such as immune disorder treatment Remicade and the Dulera asthma inhaler leveling off or falling amid increased competition. But sales are building for drugs launched since 2014, particularly immuno-oncology drug Keytruda and hepatitis C-curing Zepatier. Meanwhile, Zinplava for preventing recurrence of life-threatening C. difficile infections was approved Friday in the U.S., and Merck plans to apply soon for approval of experimental diabetes drug ertugliflozin and additional uses for Keytruda, its newest blockbuster, with more than $1 billion in sales over the past four quarters. In addition, chief executive Ken Frazier told analysts during a conference call that deals to boost Merck's pipeline of experimental drugs, with a focus on small -to-midsized assets that fit well within its business, are a priority. He noted Merck is calling attention to the innovation of its medicines amid the U.S. political furor over soaring drug prices. "We don't think these environmental pricing pressures will ease," Frazier said. Merck reported net income of $2.18 billion, or 78 cents per share. Adjusted for one-time gains and costs, earnings came to $1.07 per share, eclipsing the 98 cents analysts expected. The Kenilworth, New Jersey-based drugmaker reported revenue of $10.54 billion, up 5 percent and above Street forecasts for $10.24 billion. Sales of prescription drugs rose 6 percent to $9.44 billion, led by higher sales for Keytruda, cholesterol pill Zetia, drugs used in hospitals and Gardasil and other vaccines. Top seller Januvia and combination drug Jamumet, for Type 2 diabetes, saw sales dip 1 percent to a combined $1.56 billion. Sales of cholesterol medicines Zetia and Vytorin, which should face generic competition by year's end, edged up 1 percent to $944 million. Antibiotic Cubicin also is getting generic competition this quarter. Gardasil, a vaccine against cancer-causing human papilloma virus, saw sales jump 38 percent to $860 million, boosted by a higher U.S. price for a new version that protects against more strains of HPV, higher U.S. demand and purchases by government health programs. Children's vaccine Proquad also benefited from U.S. health program stockpiling, raising sales 28 percent to $496 million. Keytruda, one of the hot new cancer drugs that work by boosting the immune system to fight tumors, posted sales of $364 million, up 124 percent. Late Monday, the immuno-oncology drug won U.S. approval — two months ahead of schedule — for using Keytruda in bigger patient groups, including those newly diagnosed with lung cancer. Cancer drugs typically are approved initially for use after multiple other drugs have failed patients, then gradually allowed to be used earlier in treatment. Keytruda is already approved as a second-line treatment for lung cancer and for melanoma and head and neck cancer. It's being tested in about 300 patient studies, alone and combined with chemotherapy or other immuno-oncology drugs. "We are excited by the long-term potential of Keytruda against many different tumor types," pharmaceutical marketing head Adam Schechter told the analysts. Sanford Bernstein analyst Dr. Timothy Anderson wrote to investors that the early approval "helps cement the product's lead versus competitors in the large lung cancer market," which should further raise Keytruda sales. Sales of veterinary medicines rose 5 percent to $865 million, driven partly by the Bravecto line of flea and tick products. Merck now expects full-year earnings of $2.02 to $2.09, up from its July forecast of $1.98 to $2.08, and revenue of $39.7 billion to $40.2 billion, up from $39.1 billion to $40.1 billion. In midday trading, Merck shares rose 74 cents, or 1.2 percent, to $61.49 as the broader markets declined. Merck shares have risen more than 16 percent over the past year. _____ Follow Linda A. Johnson at www.twitter.com/LindaJ_onPharma © 2016 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed. More about Business ARTICLE: Buffett's Berkshire Hathaway invests in major airlines ARTICLE: SEC Chair White leaving at end of Obama administration ARTICLE: Lawmakers pre-file bevy of bills ahead of 2017 session Trump set to roll back Obama policies on energy, environment Trump set to roll back Obama policies on energy, environment More about Pharmaceutical Manufacturing US stocks move higher as banks surge with bond yields ARTICLE: Drug firm AstraZeneca sees 3rd quarter earnings fall 12 pct Samsung's biotech unit debuts in Seoul. Here's what to know. ARTICLE: Samsung's biotech unit debuts in Seoul. Here's what to know. ARTICLE: Samsung's biotech unit debuts in Seoul. Here's what to know. More about Financial Performance ARTICLE: American Apparel files for bankruptcy protection, again US stocks move higher as banks surge with bond yields Asian shares mostly lower, Nikkei gets boost from weak yen ARTICLE: Stocks recoup an early loss and are flat in afternoon trade Penney's reports 3Q sales shortfall, cuts outlook Discuss Print Posted in Business on Tuesday, October 25, 2016 10:38 am. Updated: 11:15 am. | Tags: Business, Pharmaceutical Manufacturing, Financial Performance, Corporate News, Health Care Industry, Medication, Diagnosis And Treatment, Health, Cancer, Diseases And Conditions, Lung Disease, Leading Economic Indicators, Economy | Location Tags: New Jersey, United States, North America Custom Search Site Web Follow us on Facebook Today's Edition tab 0 tab 1 Calendar today's events browse submit Online Features Real Estate 3 reasons why winter is a smart time ... Brandpoint (BPT) 6 holiday-friendly home design features Brandpoint (BPT) An affordable way to qualify for a ho... Brandpoint (BPT) Autumn and early winter: The best tim... Brandpoint (BPT) Site-built, manufactured or modular: ... Brandpoint (BPT) 5 ways to reinvent your garage Brandpoint (BPT) Smart tips for buying a first-home th... Brandpoint (BPT) How New Buildings are Going Green The rise of the basement: Top tips fo... Brandpoint (BPT) 5 residential design trends in hardwood Brandpoint (BPT) Pet Central Having a pet is a lot of responsibility, and we’ll help by giving you lots of tips and tricks! More >> Fitness Our fitness articles will help teach you how to work out with gym- and home-based exercises. More >> Crosswords Enjoy the crosswords challenge in our free daily puzzles, from the harder Sunday crossword to the quicker daily. More >> Sudoku Every Sudoku has a unique solution that can be reached logically. Enter numbers into the blank spaces so that each row, column and 3x3 box contains the numbers 1 to 9. More >> tab 0 tab 1 tab 2 Homes Resaca Jardin Apartments 1 and 2 bedrooms available. Water and Updated: 5:00 am 4 Bdrm/3.5 Bath, 2 car garage North McAllen, near hospitals $1,600 Updated: 5:00 am FOR SALE: Enchanted Valley Ranch, Mission, TX 55+ Park $105,000 Updated: Yesterday More Homes Cars 2014 HONDA PILOT AUTO TRANS ALL POWER SUNROOF MUST DRIVE. posted: November 14 2012 Chevy Sonic, 12K Mi., loaded, 1 owner, asking $9000 $9,000 Updated: 5:00 am 1994 Safari, wide body, new upgrades, $9,500. Must see to $9,500 Updated: November 07 More Cars Calendar today's events browse submit Follow us on Facebook Follow us on Twitter Tweets from https://twitter.com/BrownsvilleNews/herald-newsroom Today's Edition Online Features Online Features Real Estate 3 reasons why winter is a smart time ... Brandpoint (BPT) 6 holiday-friendly home design features Brandpoint (BPT) An affordable way to qualify for a ho... Brandpoint (BPT) Autumn and early winter: The best tim... Brandpoint (BPT) Site-built, manufactured or modular: ... Brandpoint (BPT) 5 ways to reinvent your garage Brandpoint (BPT) Smart tips for buying a first-home th... Brandpoint (BPT) How New Buildings are Going Green The rise of the basement: Top tips fo... Brandpoint (BPT) 5 residential design trends in hardwood Brandpoint (BPT) Pet Central Having a pet is a lot of responsibility, and we’ll help by giving you lots of tips and tricks! More >> Fitness Our fitness articles will help teach you how to work out with gym- and home-based exercises. More >> Crosswords Enjoy the crosswords challenge in our free daily puzzles, from the harder Sunday crossword to the quicker daily. More >> Sudoku Every Sudoku has a unique solution that can be reached logically. Enter numbers into the blank spaces so that each row, column and 3x3 box contains the numbers 1 to 9. More >> Ads by Google Site Web Custom Search Advertising Advertising Place an Ad Co-op Advertising Commercial Print National Advertising Archives Archives Story Archives Obituaries Archives Subscriber Services Subscriber Services Subscribe Services Online Services Online Services RSS Feeds WebSites WebSites ElNuevoHeraldo.com RGVSports.com Copyright © 2016 The contents of this website may not be reproduced without written permission from The Brownsville Herald. All rights reserved. 1135 E. Van Buren St, Brownsville, TX 78520 | (956) 542-4301 Careers | Autos | Homes | Jobs | Classifieds AIM Media TX LLC © Copyright 2016, Brownsville Herald, Brownsville, TX. Powered by BLOX Content Management System from TownNews.com. [Terms of Use | Privacy Policy] Screen Name or Email Password Forgot? Login Screen Name or Email Now I remember! Need an account? Create one now.
Continue to site >> Login My Account Get Alerts TheStreet Alerts Email Newsletters After the Bell Before the Bell Jim Cramer's Daily Booyah Midday Bell Top 10 Winners & Losers Register For Newsletters Action Alerts PLUS Charitable Trust Portfolio Most Recent Trade Alert 25 Investing Rules 10 Trading Commandments Mad Money Recap Real Money 25 Rules of investing 10 Commandments Stressed Out Stocks Cramer's Blog Investing Much More Cramer Mad Money BizTV Election 2016 ETFs Financial Advisor Center Futures How to Spend Banking Biotech Markets Options Personal Finance Retail Retirement Tech Stock Picks Video Latest News Subscribe SUBSCRIPTION SERVICES Action Alerts PLUS Action Alerts OPTIONS Daily Swing Trade Dividend Stock Advisor Growth Seeker Quant Ratings Real Money Real Money Pro Stocks Under $10 Top Stocks Trifecta Stocks SUBSCRIPTION BUNDLES Portfolio PLUS Real Money Pro Portfolio Chairman's Club FREE TheStreet MainStreet Compare All Subscription Services Real Money Confused About the Market? You're Not Alone DJIA S&P 500 NASDAQ Markets Today After FDA Approval, Merck Posts Better-Than-Expected Earnings A day after winning approval for a cancer drug, Merck posts earnings and sales that beat consensus estimates. Alicia McElhaney Oct 25, 2016 10:19 AM EDT Merck & Co. (MRK) is having quite a good week, and it's only Tuesday. After announcing a long-expected victory for its lung cancer drug Monday night, the Kenilworth, N.J.-based pharmaceutical giant posted better-than-expected third quarter earnings. The company earned $1.07 earnings per share, beating consensus estimates of 99 cents per share by 8 cents, on a 5% increase in quarterly sales to $10.5 billion, as compared to $10.17 consensus estimates. Merck reported earnings of 96 cents per share for the same quarter in 2015. Merck updated its financial year 2016 guidance to between $3.71 and $3.78 earnings per share. It also updated revenue guidance to a range of $39.7 billion to to $40.2 billion. Analysts and investors, though, were focused on Merck's lung cancer drug, Keytruda (pembrolizumab). Late Monday the Food and Drug Administration announced approval of the drug for treatment of first-line non-small cell lung cancer. FDA approval comes two months earlier than expected.  Seamus Fernandez, an analyst at Leerink, wrote in a note that the healthcare investment firm sees Merck as a leader in the non-small cell lung cancer treatment space for at least the next year, if not longer. And the company could hold onto that title for longer if its Keytruda trials continue to succeed. The company's CEO, Ken Frazier, noted that Keytruda is in over 360 trials at present, 200 of which are in combination with another drug, which is the way most scientists are approaching cancer treatment nowadays. Perhaps, then, this is why Merck indicated interest in related M&A activity in the coming months. Prev 0 of 2 Next If you liked this article you might like SBUX, GE, PFE: Jim Cramer's Views Cramer shares his views on the world of unknowns. Starbucks, General Electric and Pfizer are among the stocks discussed. Jim Cramer Nov 14, 2016 1:00 AM EST SBUX, K, PEP: Jim Cramer's Views Cramer shares his views on looking at oil now that the election is over. Starbucks, Kellogg and PepsiCo are among the stocks discussed. Jim Cramer Nov 14, 2016 1:00 AM EST Global Week Ahead: Eurozone GDP and Banker Pow-Wow Deutsche Bank CEO Cryan will take center stage at a Frankfurt conference. Laura Board Nov 13, 2016 4:00 PM EST 'Mad Money' Lightning Round: Target, Amazon, Tesla Jim Cramer says take a pass on TGT and the dollar stores; look at AMZN instead. Scott Rutt Nov 11, 2016 6:00 AM EST You need to LOG IN to edit your watchlist. Stocks you follow Edit Authors you follow Edit My Reading List save an article here Trending The 20 Least Educated Cities in the U.S. With Donald Trump as President, Here's What Will Happen to the U.S. Economy Moving to Canada After Trump's Election? Here's Your Real Estate Guide to the Great White North In Case You Missed It Monday: Apple's Missed Opportunity Apple's iPhone 8 Just Keeps Looking Better and Better Advertising Partners Hot Topics Pharma Blue-Chip Cramer on Apple Stocks Under $10 Best High-Yielders Tech Stocks Top Dividend Stocks Home Cramer Banking Biotech Election 2016 ETFs Futures Investing Opinion Personal Finance Retail Tech Video Featured Topics Jim Cramer Mad Money Stock Market Today Dow Jones Today Dividend Stocks Gold Price Silver Prices Copper Prices Oil Prices Sections ©1996-2016 TheStreet, Inc. All rights reserved. Action Alerts PLUS is a registered trademark of TheStreet, Inc. Popular Pages Best Stocks Best Stocks to Buy High Dividend Stocks Stock Market Holidays Earnings Calendar Ex Dividend Date ETF Ratings Mutual Fund Ratings Best Online Brokers Subscriptions Action Alerts PLUS Action Alerts OPTIONS Daily Swing Trade Dividend Stock Advisor Growth Seeker Quant Ratings Real Money Real Money Pro Stocks Under $10 Top Stocks Trifecta Stocks Portfolio PLUS RMP Portfolio Chairman's Club Stay Connected Feedback About Us Write For TheStreet Investor Relations Advertise Reprints Customer Service Employment Privacy Policy Terms of Use Topic Archive Video Sitemap Data Affiliate Press Room ©1996-2016 TheStreet, Inc. All rights reserved. Action Alerts PLUS is a registered trademark of TheStreet, Inc. Compare Brokers
Search Newsletters Crossword Notices My Account Subscribe Sign In Menu The Irish Times Mon, Nov 14, 2016 Sign In Welcome The Irish Times News Sport Business Opinion Life & Style Culture More Video Podcasts Executive Jobs Search Subscribe My Account Sign In Companies Health & Pharma Financial Services Agribusiness & Food Energy & Resources Manufacturing Media & Marketing Retail & Services Transport & Tourism All Business The Economy Budget 2017 Small Business Your Money Personal Finance Exchange Rates Markets Companies Financial Services Agribusiness & Food Energy & Resources Health & Pharma Manufacturing Media & Marketing Retail & Services Transport & Tourism Technology Data Privacy Tech Tools Work Commercial Property Construction Comment Columnists Innovation Specials Panama Papers Entrepreneur of the Year AIB Start-up Academy Podcasts Business Podcast Partner Sites Top1000 By using this website, you consent to our use of cookies. For more information on cookies see our Cookie Policy. X Merck beats quarterly revenue expectations Second-largest US drugmaker raises its full-year profit and revenue forecasts Tue, Oct 25, 2016, 14:29 Merck reported better-than-expected quarterly revenue due to higher sales of its vaccines and cancer drug Keytruda. Photograph: Emile Wamsteker/Bloomberg         US pharmaceutical company Merck reported better-than-expected quarterly revenue due to higher sales of its vaccines and cancer drug Keytruda, which won an early US approval on Monday for use in previously untreated lung cancer patients. Shares of Merck, which also raised its full-year profit and revenue forecasts, were up 1.23 per cent at $61.50 in premarket trading on Tuesday. The second-largest US drugmaker is betting on Keytruda to boost earnings as expectations for the drug have been building since its success in treating selected untreated patients. Perrigo to review options for multiple sclerosis drug Tysabri Irish researcher gets funding to develop innovative inhaler Northern Irish firm Almac plans €23m US facility expansion The approval from the US Food and Drug Administration confirms Merck’s leading position in the hot area of medicines that fight tumors by harnessing the body’s immune system. Annual sales of the drug are now expected to reach $8.1 billion in 2021, according to consensus forecasts compiled by Thomson Reuters. Third-quarter sales of Keytruda, which is already approved to treat advanced melanoma and some forms of lung cancer, rose to $356 million from $159 million, slightly below the consensus estimate of $376 million, according to Evercore ISI. Merck said the company’s total sales increased 5 per cent to $10.54 billion, above analysts’ average estimate of $10.18 billion, according to Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S. Sales for its Gardasil vaccine rose 38 per cent to $860 million, well above Evercore’s consensus estimate of $635.6 million. Merck’s stock had risen 15 per cent this year, compared with a 3.5 per cent fall in the S&P 500 Healthcare index. Reuters       Topics: Merck Read More AstraZeneca predicts major US healthcare changes under Trump Glaxo sues Pfizer Ireland over alleged patent infringement Sales at Endo jump 18.6% on demand for generic drugs Debt-laden Valeant Pharmaceuticals cuts full-year forecast Venn Life Sciences wins €2.5m clinical trials contract GSK takes case against Pfizer over meningococcal vaccine Subscribe.   More from The Irish Times Agribusiness & Food Greencore shares rise sharply on news of $746m acquisition in US Work Lucy Kellaway: I don’t want my employers to feel my pain English Soccer Bastian Schweinsteiger begins talks over move to Chicago Parenting 1:39 Does food taste better if you were involved in making it? Sponsored Newbridge Silverware builds ambitious plan for US market My Jaguar F-Pace: ‘I was completely blown away’ Ten things to consider when buying a new sofa Power up your company's pension plan ADVERTISEMENT ADVERTISEMENT Latest Business Investors focus on Trump’s infrastructure spending plans 23:07 Cantillon: To spend or not to spend – FF seem to want it both ways 19:49 Court to fast-track legal challenge to Apple data centre in Athenry 19:25 Cantillon: Irish pension savers cautiously watch bond markets 19:18 Dermot Desmond-backed elearning firm sees 36% hike in profits 17:55 ADVERTISEMENT Most Read in Business 1 Irish shoppers should rise up over UK retailers’ levy 2 Irish long-term interest rates surge above 1 per cent 3 The bond rout and Irish pension savers: what you need to be aware of 4 Lucy Kellaway: I don’t want my employers to feel my pain 5 O’Flynns sue Nama over alleged leak of information 6 Bank of England’s Mark Carney under pressure 7 Greencore shares rise sharply on news of $746m acquisition in US 8 What does Brexit mean for Irish manufacturers’ domestic sales? 9 Five things we’re watching at Web Summit in Lisbon 10 Profits nosedive at ‘Farmville’ creator Zynga’s Irish subsidiary Never miss a story. SUBSCRIBE Search executive jobs on irishtimes.com Subscribe About Us Policy & Terms Subscribe Subscription Bundles Gift Subscriptions Home Delivery Irish Times Products & Services ePaper eBooks Crosswords Newspaper Archive Dating Email Alerts & Newsletters Article Archive Executive Jobs Page Sales Photo Sales About Us Advertise Contact Us The Irish Times Trust Careers Our Partners Rewarding Times MyHome.ie Irish Racing Entertainment.ie Top 1000 MyAntiques.ie The Gloss Irish Times Training Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Cookie Information Community Standards Copyright FAQs © 2015 THE IRISH TIMES For the best site experience please enable JavaScript in your browser settings Sign In Sign In Forgot Password? Don't have an account? Subscribe The ePaper eBooks Subscriber Rewards IT Sunday Email Newsletters Breaking news app My Account Newspaper Archive Crossword Club Sign Out SUBSCRIBE Mon 14/11/2016 News US Election Ireland World Politics Crime & Law Social Affairs Health Education Sport Rugby Soccer Gaelic Games Golf Racing Other Sports Women in Sport Comment Business The Economy Your Money Companies Technology Work Commercial Property Comment Opinion Editorials Letters Columnists An Irishman's Diary Opinion & Analysis Martyn Turner Life & Style Food & Drink Homes & Property Health & Family People Travel Motors Fashion Abroad Culture Books Film Music Stage Art & Design TV, Radio, Web Treibh More You are what you read eBooks Offers Jobs Family Notices Dating Competitions Video Podcasts Inside Politics World View Second Captains Business Róisín Meets Off Topic The Women's Podcast Executive Jobs Crosswords Newsletters Notices Forgot Password? Sign In Invalid email or password. Not an Irish Times subscriber? Subscribe Newspaper Archive 150 years of Irish Times journalism Crossword Club Digital Simplex and Crosaire crosswords eBooks Carefully curated selections of Irish Times writing Subscriber Rewards Exclusive offers, discounts and invitations IT Sunday Your weekly email exclusively curated for subscribers Email Newsletters Sign up to get the stories you want delivered to your inbox My Account Manage your account The ePaper An exact digital replica of the printed paper Breaking news app Our Apple and Android apps to read on the go Sign Out
null
DOW JONES, A NEWS CORP COMPANY News Corp is a network of leading companies in the worlds of diversified media, news, education, and information services. DOW JONES Barron's BigCharts DJX Dow Jones Newswires Factiva Financial News Mansion Global MarketWatch Newsmart NewsPlus Private Markets Risk & Compliance WSJ.com WSJ Pro WSJ Conference WSJ Video NEWS CORP Big Decisions Business Spectator Checkout51 Harper Collins New York Post PropTiger REA realtor.com Storyful The Australian The Sun The Times DJIA ▲ 18868.69 0.11%   S&P 500 ▲ 2164.20 -0.01%   Nasdaq ▲ 5218.40 -0.36%   U.S. 10 Yr ▲ 0/32 yield 2.263%   Crude Oil ▲ 43.61 0.67%   Euro ▲ 1.0750 0.12%   Subscribe Now Sign In The Wall Street Journal Sections My Journal Home World U.S. Politics Economy Business Tech Markets Opinion Arts Life Real Estate Today's Paper SHOW ALL SECTIONS HIDE ALL SECTIONS World Home Africa Asia Canada China Europe Latin America Middle East Brussels Real Time China Real Time India Real Time Economy World Video U.S. Home Economy Law New York Politics Real Time Economics The Numbers Washington Wire Journal Report U.S. Video What's News Podcast Politics Home Think Tank Washington Wire Politics Video WSJ/NBC News Poll Economy Home Real Time Economics Economic Forecasting Survey Economy Video Business Home Management Tech/WSJ.D Aerospace & Defense Autos & Transportation Commercial Real Estate Consumer Products Energy Entrepreneurship Financial Services Food & Services Health Care Hospitality Law Manufacturing Media & Marketing Natural Resources Retail CFO Journal CIO Journal CMO Today Logistics Report Risk & Compliance Bankruptcy Beat Heard on the Street Business Video Journal Report Business Podcast Tech Home CIO Journal Geoffrey Fowler Christopher Mims Joanna Stern Li Yuan Billion Dollar Startup Club Tech Video Tech Podcast Startup Stock Trader Markets Home Bonds Commercial Real Estate Commodities & Futures Currencies Deals Financial Services Funds Stocks Your Money Heard on the Street MoneyBeat Wealth Adviser Ahead of the Tape CFO Journal Journal Report Market Data Markets Video Markets Podcast MoneyBeat Podcast Heard on the Street Podcast Watching Your Wealth Podcast Opinion Home Arts in Review Book Reviews Commentary Editorials Letters to the Editor Best of the Web Columnists Morning Editorial Report Peggy Noonan Political Diary Opinion Video Potomac Watch Podcast Foreign Edition Podcast Arts Home Arts in Review Books Speakeasy Arts Video WSJ. Magazine Speakeasy Podcast Life Home Careers Cars Food & Drink Health Ideas Real Estate Science Sports Style & Fashion Travel Off Duty Daily The Daily Fix Life Video WSJ. Magazine WSJ Puzzles Off Duty Podcast The Future of Everything Real Estate Home Commercial Real Estate House of the Day Mansion Real Estate Video HIDE ALL SECTIONS Aim higher, reach further. Get the Wall Street Journal $12 for 12 weeks. Subscribe Now Sign In Reveal Navigation Options Home World Regions Africa Asia Canada China Europe Latin America Middle East Blogs Brussels Real Time China Real Time India Real Time Sections Economy More World Video U.S. Sections Economy Law New York Politics Columns & Blogs Real Time Economics The Numbers Washington Wire More Journal Report U.S. Video What's News Podcast Politics Blogs Think Tank Washington Wire More Politics Video WSJ/NBC News Poll Economy Blogs Real Time Economics More Economic Forecasting Survey Economy Video Business Sections Management Tech/WSJ.D Industries Aerospace & Defense Autos & Transportation Commercial Real Estate Consumer Products Energy Entrepreneurship Financial Services Food & Services Health Care Hospitality Law Manufacturing Media & Marketing Natural Resources Retail C-Suite CFO Journal CIO Journal CMO Today Logistics Report Risk & Compliance Columns & Blogs Bankruptcy Beat Heard on the Street More Business Video Journal Report Business Podcast Tech Sections CIO Journal Columns & Blogs Geoffrey Fowler Christopher Mims Joanna Stern Li Yuan More Billion Dollar Startup Club Tech Video Tech Podcast Startup Stock Trader Markets Sections Bonds Commercial Real Estate Commodities & Futures Currencies Deals Financial Services Funds Stocks Your Money Columns & Blogs Heard on the Street MoneyBeat Wealth Adviser Ahead of the Tape More CFO Journal Journal Report Market Data Markets Video Markets Podcast MoneyBeat Podcast Heard on the Street Podcast Watching Your Wealth Podcast Opinion Sections Arts in Review Book Reviews Commentary Editorials Letters to the Editor Columns & Blogs Best of the Web Columnists Morning Editorial Report Peggy Noonan Political Diary More Opinion Video Potomac Watch Podcast Foreign Edition Podcast Arts Sections Arts in Review Books Blogs Speakeasy More Arts Video WSJ. Magazine Speakeasy Podcast Life Sections Careers Cars Food & Drink Health Ideas Real Estate Science Sports Style & Fashion Travel Blogs Off Duty Daily The Daily Fix More Life Video WSJ. Magazine WSJ Puzzles Off Duty Podcast The Future of Everything Real Estate Sections Commercial Real Estate House of the Day Mansion More Real Estate Video Search SEARCH → Subscribe Sign In Samsung Charges Into Auto Tech With $8 Billion Deal for Harman Regency Centers Nearing Deal to Buy Equity One for About $5 Billion Siemens to Buy Mentor Graphics Amid Push to Digitize Factories U.S. Businesses Bet on Which Trump Will Govern Buffett’s Berkshire Invests in Airlines Google to Bar Fake-News Websites From Using Its Ad-Selling Software American Apparel Returns to Bankruptcy With Deal to Sell Brand Clinical Trial Succeeds for Injectable Opioid-Dependence Treatment Personal Technology Apple MacBook Pro Review: Same, Better and Worse Korea Line Outbids Hyundai Merchant for Hanjin Shipping Assets Tata Motors Posts Lower than Expected Profit Save Article Sign In to Save Subscribe to WSJ Text Size Regular Medium Large Google+ Print Business Earnings Merck Revenue and Profit Rise on Cancer Drugs, Vaccines Cancer drug Keytruda posted sales of $356 million in third quarter By Peter Loftus and Austen Hufford Austen Hufford The Wall Street Journal CANCEL BiographyAusten Hufford @austenhufford austen.hufford austen.hufford@wsj.com Updated Oct. 25, 2016 1:32 p.m. ET Merck & Co. posted increases in third-quarter revenue and profit, helped by higher sales of a closely watched cancer treatment and vaccines. The drugmaker’s shares rose 1.7% Tuesday afternoon as results beat analysts’ expectations. The company also narrowed and raised its full-year 2016 earnings forecast range. Merck is trying to overcome ongoing pressure on sales of its top products because of competition from... To Read the Full Story, Subscribe or Sign In Popular on WSJ Most Popular Videos The Most Super 'Supermoon' Since 1948 Apple MacBook Pro Review: Living With Tradeoffs President Obama Speaks to Press Trump’s Infrastructure Investment Plan Evokes Ayn Rand Earthquake in New Zealand Captured on Surveillance Video Most Popular Articles RNC Chair Priebus Is Named Trump’s Chief of Staff California, as Clinton Territory, Finds Itself a Political Outlier The Mortgage Market Is Changing Fast Opinion: Harry Reid and the Horse He Rode In On The Trump Trade Is Getting Out of Hand: Buy Bonds Wall Street Journal U.S. Edition U.S. Asia Europe India América Latina Brasil 中国 (China) 日本 (Japan) Edition: U.S. Asia Europe India América Latina Brasil 中国 (China) 日本 (Japan) Text Size: Small Medium Large Subscribe NowSign In WSJ Membership Benefits Download WSJ Apps Customer Center Legal Policies Subscribe Sign In TOP« WSJ Membership WSJ+ Membership Benefits Digital Subscription Print Subscription Print and Digital Subscription Why Subscribe? Download WSJ Apps for iOS and Android Corporate Subscriptions Professor Journal Student Journal Customer Service Customer Center Live Help Redesign Guided Tour Notice to Subscribers Tools & Features Emails & Alerts Guides My News RSS Feeds Topics Video Center Watchlist Podcasts Ads Advertise Advertise Locally Commercial Real Estate Ads Place a Classified Ad Sell Your Business Sell Your Home Recruitment & Career Ads More Content Partnerships Corrections Jobs at WSJ News Archive Register for Free Reprints Facebook Twitter Google+ YouTube Podcasts Snapchat GooglePlay AppStore Windows10 Dow Jones Products Barron's BigCharts DJX Dow Jones Newswires Factiva Financial News Mansion Global MarketWatch Private Markets realtor.com Risk & Compliance WSJ Conference WSJ Pro Central Banking WSJ Video WSJ Wine Privacy Policy Cookie Policy Copyright Policy Data Policy Subscriber Agreement & Terms of Use Your Ad Choices Copyright ©2016 Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All Rights Reserved.
Continue to site >> Login My Account Get Alerts TheStreet Alerts Email Newsletters After the Bell Before the Bell Jim Cramer's Daily Booyah Midday Bell Top 10 Winners & Losers Register For Newsletters Action Alerts PLUS Charitable Trust Portfolio Most Recent Trade Alert 25 Investing Rules 10 Trading Commandments Mad Money Recap Real Money 25 Rules of investing 10 Commandments Stressed Out Stocks Cramer's Blog Investing Much More Cramer Mad Money BizTV Election 2016 ETFs Financial Advisor Center Futures How to Spend Banking Biotech Markets Options Personal Finance Retail Retirement Tech Stock Picks Video Latest News Subscribe SUBSCRIPTION SERVICES Action Alerts PLUS Action Alerts OPTIONS Daily Swing Trade Dividend Stock Advisor Growth Seeker Quant Ratings Real Money Real Money Pro Stocks Under $10 Top Stocks Trifecta Stocks SUBSCRIPTION BUNDLES Portfolio PLUS Real Money Pro Portfolio Chairman's Club FREE TheStreet MainStreet Compare All Subscription Services Real Money Confused About the Market? You're Not Alone DJIA S&P 500 NASDAQ Markets Today Merck Lifts Full-Year Guidance After Quarterly Forecast Beat The group's Keytruda immunotherapy boosts pharmaceuticals sales. Laura Board Oct 25, 2016 7:25 AM EDT Pharmaceuticals company Merck (MRK) on Tuesday nudged its full-year earnings and revenue forecasts higher as it posted third-quarter results that beat expectations. The Kenilworth, N.J. company posted a 5% increase in quarterly sales to $10.5 billion, compared with the $10.17 consensus expectation, as compiled by FactSet. Adjusted earnings per share at $1.07 came in above predictions for EPS of 99 cents and above the 96 cents Merck reported a year earlier. Quarterly results were buoyed by strong growth from its Keytruda immunotherapy within its oncology unit. That helped push pharmaceutical sales up 6%. Animal health sales rose 5%. Merck said it now expects full-year 2016 GAAP EPS to be between $2.02 and $2.09 and full-year 2016 non-GAAP EPS to be between $3.71 to $3.78. It predicts revenue will come in between $39.7 billion and $40.2 billion. On reporting second-quarter figures in August, Merck had previously lowered its full-year 2016 GAAP EPS range to be between $1.98 and $2.08, and raised the bottom end of its full-year 2016 non-GAAP EPS range to predict a range of $3.67 to $3.77. Merck shares were up 1.4% at $61.61 in premarket trading. If you liked this article you might like SBUX, GE, PFE: Jim Cramer's Views Cramer shares his views on the world of unknowns. Starbucks, General Electric and Pfizer are among the stocks discussed. Jim Cramer Nov 14, 2016 1:00 AM EST SBUX, K, PEP: Jim Cramer's Views Cramer shares his views on looking at oil now that the election is over. Starbucks, Kellogg and PepsiCo are among the stocks discussed. Jim Cramer Nov 14, 2016 1:00 AM EST Global Week Ahead: Eurozone GDP and Banker Pow-Wow Deutsche Bank CEO Cryan will take center stage at a Frankfurt conference. Laura Board Nov 13, 2016 4:00 PM EST 'Mad Money' Lightning Round: Target, Amazon, Tesla Jim Cramer says take a pass on TGT and the dollar stores; look at AMZN instead. Scott Rutt Nov 11, 2016 6:00 AM EST You need to LOG IN to edit your watchlist. Stocks you follow Edit Authors you follow Edit My Reading List save an article here Trending The 20 Least Educated Cities in the U.S. With Donald Trump as President, Here's What Will Happen to the U.S. Economy Moving to Canada After Trump's Election? Here's Your Real Estate Guide to the Great White North In Case You Missed It Monday: Apple's Missed Opportunity Apple's iPhone 8 Just Keeps Looking Better and Better Advertising Partners Hot Topics Pharma Blue-Chip Cramer on Apple Stocks Under $10 Best High-Yielders Tech Stocks Top Dividend Stocks Home Cramer Banking Biotech Election 2016 ETFs Futures Investing Opinion Personal Finance Retail Tech Video Featured Topics Jim Cramer Mad Money Stock Market Today Dow Jones Today Dividend Stocks Gold Price Silver Prices Copper Prices Oil Prices Sections ©1996-2016 TheStreet, Inc. All rights reserved. Action Alerts PLUS is a registered trademark of TheStreet, Inc. Popular Pages Best Stocks Best Stocks to Buy High Dividend Stocks Stock Market Holidays Earnings Calendar Ex Dividend Date ETF Ratings Mutual Fund Ratings Best Online Brokers Subscriptions Action Alerts PLUS Action Alerts OPTIONS Daily Swing Trade Dividend Stock Advisor Growth Seeker Quant Ratings Real Money Real Money Pro Stocks Under $10 Top Stocks Trifecta Stocks Portfolio PLUS RMP Portfolio Chairman's Club Stay Connected Feedback About Us Write For TheStreet Investor Relations Advertise Reprints Customer Service Employment Privacy Policy Terms of Use Topic Archive Video Sitemap Data Affiliate Press Room ©1996-2016 TheStreet, Inc. All rights reserved. Action Alerts PLUS is a registered trademark of TheStreet, Inc. Compare Brokers
  Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Wires Home My Profile Logout Login Feedback DailyMail NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad Merck predicts lung cancer dominance for Keytruda immunotherapy By Reuters Published: 12:15 EST, 25 October 2016 | Updated: 12:15 EST, 25 October 2016 e-mail By Bill Berkrot and Ransdell Pierson NEW YORK, Oct 25 - Merck & Co on Tuesday declared its intention to dominate the large and lucrative lung cancer market, bolstered by a significant expansion of approved U.S. uses for its drug that helps the immune system attack tumors. Merck's optimistic comments came after it posted better-than-expected third quarter results, helped by growing sales of the cancer drug Keytruda. Keytruda on Monday became the first of the new immunotherapy drugs approved as an initial lung cancer treatment, when U.S. regulators cleared it for use in patients whose cancer cells express a high level of the PD-L1 protein that the medicine targets. The decision, which came two months earlier than expected, involves up to 30 percent of non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC) patients. The Food and Drug Administration also said Keytruda could now be used in patients whose cancer progressed after chemotherapy, even with minimal PD-L1 presence, putting it on a level playing with Bristol-Myers Squibb's rival immunotherapy Opdivo in so-called second line treatment. Roche's new Tecentriq is also approved for second-line lung cancer treatment. "We believe the increasing familiarity physicians and their staff will have with using Keytruda in first-line NSCLC will help them also dominate the second line market," Credit Suisse analyst Vamil Divan said in a research note. Bristol's perceived leadership in the hot field suffered a devastating blow in August, when its trial of Opdivo in first-line lung cancer regardless of PD-L1 levels failed to help patients more than chemotherapy. On a conference call with analysts, Merck said it was already seeing an acceleration in testing for PD-L1 following lung cancer diagnosis, which bodes well for future use of Keytruda. The drug is also approved for advanced melanoma and head and neck cancer and is being tested against numerous other cancers, with analysts forecasting eventual annual sales exceeding $8 billion. "We remain dedicated to establishing Keytruda as the leader in lung cancer," Adam Schechter, Merck's head of global pharmaceuticals, told analysts. Lung cancer is by far the largest cancer category. The company said it was seeing few limitations from health insurers over duration of treatment in lung cancer for the medicine that costs about $150,000 a year. While Merck waits for Keytruda lung cancer sales to take off, its third-quarter earnings were buoyed by strong demand for its Gardasil vaccine, Januvia diabetes drug and Keytruda in melanoma. Excluding items, Merck said it earned $1.07 per share, beating analysts' average expectations by 8 cents. The company raised the mid-point of its full-year forecast, excluding special items, and now expects to earn $3.71 to $3.78 per share, up from its prior view of $3.67 to $3.77. LILLY PROFIT DISAPPOINTS Another U.S. drugmaker, Eli Lilly and Co, is also counting on new drugs to spur future growth after reporting lower-than-expected third-quarter results that were hurt by disappointing sales of its Humalog insulin and animal health products. Excluding special items, Lilly earned 88 cents per share, 8 cents shy of analysts' average estimates, according to Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S. But Lilly maintained its full-year forecast of $3.50 to $3.60 per share, excluding items, and said it was seeing increasing demand for it newer Trulicity and Jardiance diabetes drugs and Taltz psoriasis treatment. Lilly's fortunes, already on the rise, could take flight if its experimental Alzheimer's disease treatment solanezumab proves able to slow cognitive declines in a late stage study of patients with mild disease. Those results are expected before the end of the year. Any successful Alzheimer's treatment is expected to reap many billions of dollars in annual sales. Merck shares were up 2 percent at $61.95, while shares of Eli Lilly were up 0.5 percent at $77.99. (Additional reporting by Reporting by Ankur Banerjee in Bengaluru; Editing by Martina D'Couto and Nick Zieminski) Share or comment on this article e-mail Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article. Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail     DON'T MISS 'She's modified her face beyond all recognition!' Carol Vorderman, 55, stuns viewers after exhibiting 'frozen' complexion on I'm A Celeb It's getting hot in here! Ola Jordan shows off her dancer's body in tiny red bikini as she hits the jungle shower with Sam Quek and Scarlett Moffatt on I'm a Celeb Carol Vorderman, 55, strips down to a VERY racy swimsuit on I'm A Celeb...as 'happily single' star tells campmates 'I do alright' when it comes to men She looks to be doing just fine! Kim Kardashian's friend shares rare photo of reality star recluse as she dresses up in belly dancer costume for fun Ashley James puts on a eye-popping display in an itsy-bitsy bikini as she soaks up the sun on the beach in Ibiza Making the most of the sun 'It's me or the wardrobe!' Frankie Gaff gives Jamie Laing an ultimatum. He found living with her and her 'floordrobe' too much to bear on Made In Chelsea, by Jim Shelley  Cor (rie) blimey! Helen Flanagan showcases her incredible figure in a racy cut-out bikini as she holidays in Dubai with boyfriend Scott Sinclair Chloe Ferry reportedly FIRED from Geordie Shore after 'kicking new housemate Zahida Allen in the head'  The 21-year-old was shown the door Now that's a lesson in style! Myleene Klass exposes her cleavage in plunging jumpsuit as she leads the red carpet glamour at School of Rock press night She's proud of that booty! Khloe Kardashian flaunts her derriere as she does squats at the gym Taking after her bigger sister (in both senses) Real men wear pink! Brooklyn Beckham follows in his mother Victoria's fashionable footsteps as he makes a statement with pink beanie hat Frankie Bridge is the picture of elegance in plunging patterned gown at Virgin awards... after her husband Wayne makes I'm A Celebrity debut PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Tom Hiddleston steps out with a pretty blonde Taylor Swift lookalike... two months after split with pop star Flashed a beaming grin She needs a nap! Pregnant Marion Cotillard looks weary during LA dinner after tirelessly promoting Brad Pitt WWII film Allied Struggling Holly Willoughby is close to tears on This Morning as a distraught mother breaks down over her son's planned suicide during bullying phone-in The Eighties called! Sheridan Smith is unrecognisable as a busty brunette on set of the movie adaptation of comic Jo Brand's book As schizophrenic mum Newly-engaged Pixie Lott can barely contain her glee as she heads to jewellers hours after fiancé Oliver Cheshire popped the question What a gem!  Emma Watson stars as Belle in the first trailer for Disney's long-awaited live action remake of Beauty And The Beast Looks stunning Choosing her prince wasn't ALWAYS such an easy choice! Meghan Markle giggles as she is asked to pick either William or Harry months before romance She's a good sport! Gigi Hadid tries her hand at table tennis as she makes a sweeping entrance at VIP dinner in stylish satin jumpsuit In high spirits 'Worst thing I've ever done': I'm A Celeb's Scarlett, Jordan, Ola and Sam do Bushtucker Trial featuring 120,000 critters... as Moffatt is voted in first From refurbished iPads to a good-as-new Sony PS4: Ways to save money on your children's gifts this Christmas (without any fewer smiles!) SPONSORED Make-up free Coleen Rooney flaunts her trim figure in semi-sheer mesh workout gear as she hits the gym Making the most of her free time Demure Dita! Burlesque extraordinaire Von Teese steps out in modest black polo neck and ornate silver skirt for evening in London Jessica Simpson's father Joe, 58, confirms he has prostate cancer and has already undergone surgery 'He's feeling great now and is optimistic' 'It's like we get a little bit of dad back': Bindi Irwin says she remembers her dad the best every time she puts on her Australia Zoo uniform Not very ladylike! Lady Victoria Hervey, 40, displays more than expected as she flashes perky assets when risqué swimsuit unfastens Dapper Brad Pitt takes selfies with adoring fans at Allied screening in China... as he returns to the public eye after split with Angelina Jolie In better spirits again 'She works really hard': X Factor's Sam Lavery defends Honey G after elimination... as rapper faces backlash for surviving ANOTHER week 'He's such a good man': Marion Cotillard gushes about Allied co-star Brad Pitt... after shooting down rumours of an on set romance Caught up in split Naomi Campbell speaks for the first time about what it means to be black and British and joins other famous stars who were told to limit their ambitions due to their skin colour Take that! Bella Hadid throws a punch as she works out in boxing class after split from The Weeknd Was snug in her black, oversize fuzzy jacket  Girl time! Bella Thorne and Demi Lovato don skinny jeans as they catch up over lunch at the trendy Urth Caffe They both have new romances 'I had a bit of a nervous breakdown' Ryan Reynolds admits secret battle with anxiety as he's named GQ's Man of the Year He's filming Deadpool Coy Khloe Kardashian attempts to go incognito in huge hoodie as she steps out in wake of Tristan Thompson split rumours  Looked glum 'I gave up my career for a really long time': Ayda Field admits she TURNED DOWN a major US TV show to be with husband Robbie Williams 'It was very romantic': Goldie Hawn gets VERY candid about her and Kurt Russell's sex life and discusses split with ex husband Bill Hudson In Aspen, Colorado,  'Fame is the best drug': Lady Gaga opens up about her addiction to stardom as she covers Harper's Bazaar She penned an open essay to the magazine Twice the star power! Madonna puckers up as she and Zac Efron take selfies together at UFC's Connor McGregor star-studded fight Lucky Star 20 years and counting! Ant and Dec sign new three-year deal with ITV marking a landmark anniversary with the channel and promising more I'm A Celeb and BGT until at least 2019 'It's really awkward': Girl On The Train star Haley Bennett on being constantly mistaken for Jennifer Lawrence There is an uncanny likeness 'I lost Jack': Natalie Portman is a heartbroken First Lady after JFK's assassination in emotionally charged trailer for Jackie Natalie Portman flatters her pregnant figure in a striped T-shirt as she runs errands A regular errand-running day, despite the relsease of a mega-bucks trailer Waiting on mom! Jennifer Garner grabs breakfast while Ben Affleck and son Samuel goof around in their car The amicable exes appeared to be relaxed  'I could write a book on back problems!': Duncan James confirms he is fit and well after sudden visit to A&E... five months after emergency surgery on his spine Post election blues: Alec Baldwin looks depressed as he strolls with family before accusing NBC of not allowing SNL to endorse Hillary Clinton Back to her Mean Girls roots! Lindsay Lohan shows off new red locks reminiscent of her infamous movie character in cosy Instagram selfie Showdown! Exes Justin Bieber and Selena Gomez will compete for Artist Of The Year at the American Music Awards On November 20 It's only three weeks old! Amber Rose can't hide her horror as her brand new $371k Rolls-Royce gets rear-ended 'It's awesome!' Hailee Steinfeld opens up about being part of Taylor Swift's squad as she flashes her bra for magazine cover Gave glimpse of her bra 'I felt isolated': Robbie Williams describes the roller coaster ride with drugs, drink and depression that almost killed him... as he gets tearful over his daughter Hat's the way to do it! TOWIE's George Harrison flaunts her enviably svelte figure in a sizzling cut-out monokini as she enjoys a beach break in Spain 'Let's keep fighting to make it a better world for our children': Katie Holmes shares rare photo of daughter Suri with powerful message A productive playdate 'Sort your jaw out!' Vicky Pattison is slammed for 'gurning' on I'm A Celeb Extra Camp... as she mistakes show for Xtra Factor in awkward blunder 'I'm heartbroken, but proud of myself': Daisy Lowe flashes her toned abs in a crop top as she puts on a brave face after Strictly elimination  Put on a brave face 'She's built like a woman': Tommy Hilfiger praises 'smart, funny and humble' Gigi Hadid as he shows off his luxury New York apartment  'The 80s are back!' Luke Hemsworth channels He-Man for retro birthday bash with brother Liam and Miley Cyrus Time is rolling back 'They eat and stargaze': Sean Penn gripes about celebs who attend his foundation's annual gala... but don't donate a cent Looking rugged Ariel Winter posts a VERY cheeky Instagram snap from her Mexican holiday with Levi Meaden and pals Certainly making a splash 'We had good gossip': Courtney Love reveals unlikely friendship with Hillary Clinton... after meeting as they got their hair cut at same salon They met in 1988 'Being right sucks': The Simpsons poke fun at themselves in opening credits of first episode since Trump's election after predicting his presidency 16 years ago Young And The Restless star Corey Sligh, 28, arrested for molesting a girl under the age of 10 in Georgia The arrest took place on October 14 in Georgia Pretty as a petal! Jaime King looks ultra feminine in romantic lace gown at intimate fashion dinner She was certainly the belle of the ball EXCLUSIVE: How Andy Cohen refused an invitation into Cher's bedroom and fuelleda feud between Mariah Carey and Jennifer Lopez Catherine Tyldesley flaunts her toned legs in skintight jeans as she presents radio show... after teasing Corrie's 'heartbreaking' Christmas storyline 'Why are you in, miss? You're a millionaire!' GBBO champ Candice Brown reveals pupils were shocked to see her return to her job as a PE teacher after win Off-duty beauty: Lottie Moss goes make-up free and rocks a casual outfit as she jets out of Barcelona after a girls' weekend  Bare faced chic She's a peach! Adriana Lima flaunts her lean bronzed limbs in pretty floral mini dress as she shops in Miami  Turned sidewalk into her catwalk Nick Knowles moves into estranged wife Jessica's home following 'traumatic' split 11 months ago... after admitting they 'are working through things' 'I've NEVER eaten a takeaway': Mary Berry shares her biggest foodie secrets (and reveals what husband Paul will be getting her for Christmas this year) Secrets of an A-list body: We reveal how YOU can get Mark Wahlberg's pecs The 45-year-old actor is renowned for his toned pecs LeAnn Rimes holds hands with husband Eddie Cibrian as they reunite with his ex-wife Brandi Glanville at son's soccer match Families united Ola Jordan keeps her lace dress ON as she sets up camp in I'm A Celeb... as jealous husband James warns about hitting on his 'firecracker' 'He has never taken responsibility for her': I'm A Celebrity's Larry Lamb 'has a secret daughter who he had at 21... and hasn't seen for 46 years'  'She just didn't even try': Former I'm A Celeb winner Charlie Brooks calls out Helen Flanagan for being 'the worst' campmate at bushtucker trials 'I don't know if it was dancing or a seizure': Cheeky Robbie Williams gives mother-in-law Gwen harsh critique as she dances to Pray on Loose Women Jesy Nelson is seen without her engagement ring AGAIN during Sydney trip... as speculation heightens over 'split' from fiancé Jake Roche PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Hilary Duff shows off her fit figure in a skimpy bikini while on holiday with boyfriend Jason Walsh in Puerto Vallarta  Feeling the heat 'There's so much I wish I could thank him for, just one last time': Leonard Cohen's son writes emotional tribute to his father following his death aged 82 Did Kendall Jenner quit Instagram? Model's account no longer available after ballerina outrage Following Kim's lead and taking a break? Jailed Apollo Nida set to return to Real Housewives Of Atlanta with his new FIANCEE (but what will Phaedra Parks say?) Serving eight years Millie Mackintosh shows off her abs in a berry bikini as she models for boyfriend Hugo Taylor's sunglasses line in Mauritius Wish you were here? Final plans for Leonardo DiCaprio's ultra-luxury private eco resort on 104-acre island off Belize are released  Bought in 2005 'It's been challenging, but like Alan Partridge, I'm bouncing back': Tony Blackburn opens up about returning to BBC radio months after being sacked  'She should be ashamed of herself!' Sharon Osbourne is slammed on Twitter as X Factor fans accuse her of changing her mind at the last minute In need of a drink? Simon Cowell clutches a bottle of beer as he leaves The X Factor with Lauren Silverman after Honey G survives ANOTHER week Getting the after-party started! Dita Von Teese, Dominic Cooper and Ophelia Lovibond let loose at the Evening Standard Theatre Awards Madonna's age gap... between her face and hand: Wrinkled mitts give away the singer's age as she attends UFC bout in New York  Unable to disguise age Chic Julia Roberts is every inch the stylish soccer mom in low-key skinny jeans and a hat as she cheers on her kids Low-key superstar 'You could bleed to death': Kris Jenner warns Kim Kardashian about seeking third natural pregnancy on KUWTK Hard to take in Chrissy Teigen oozes retro glamour in a super-plunging Seventies-style jumpsuit as Fergie goes for a sheer mini at intimate fashion dinner Lindsay Lohan at the centre of a battery case as 'two Russians assault a man accused of spreading rumours about her' More drama The People v OJ Simpson leads the way with six Critics' Choice Awards nominations... as Game Of Thrones gets five Booty-ful day at the beach! Larsa Pippen shows off her fit figure in plunging white swimsuit while sunbathing in Miami Kim K's BFF A head for heights! Carol Vorderman leads the way as she conquers terrifying 300ft walk above city in I'm A Celebrity's first Bushtucker Trial   Ultimate flashing champion! Newly-single Bella Hadid shows off her bra in sheer top as she goes hell for leather on way to Conor McGregor fight EXCLUSIVE: 'I didn't want to leave the house': Frankie Essex says fitness helped her combat depression... as she reveals remarkable weight loss in a bikini 'Who is voting for her?' Honey G faces fresh backlash as talented act Sam Lavery leaves and farcical X Factor rapper isn't even in bottom two Could she win? Wild thing! Busty Ashley James sets pulses racing in a barely-there leopard print bikini as she jets off to Malta Series of sizzling snaps Daisy Lowe misses out on Blackpool as she is voted off Strictly after a  dance off against Greg Rutherford... but Ed Balls sails through again in  Gangnam Style Khloe Kardashian posts cryptic Instagram message amid speculation she's split with new beau Tristan Thompson Over already? 'We never asked to be role models': Perrie Edwards says she feels 'pressure' to act responsibly as she joins Little Mix co-stars for sizzling photo shoot I'm a Celebrity... it's getting hot in here! Joel Dommett, Wayne Bridge and Adam Thomas flash their ripped chests in the first jungle shower of the season 'Larry Lamb for Bond!': Twitter left in hysterics as EastEnders star dives into swamp to save Scarlett Moffatt from canoe disaster on I'm A Celebrity PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Hilary buff! Ms Duff puts her sculpted physique on display in a studded bikini during Mexican holiday Let the sunshine! Biggest surprise ever': Pixie Lott reveals she's engaged to long-term love Oliver Cheshire as she shows off dazzling diamond ring on Instagram  Cruel... No not nature's predators - Sir David Attenborough. He used  'rape' of Snow Leopards to make viewers suffer in Planet Earth II, writes JIM SHELLEY  'If your ex has been an a***hole, it's nice to belittle them': Little Mix stars get candid about faking orgasms and shaming former boyfriends in song 'I thought my life would be normal': Hollywood megastar Goldie Hawn says she only ever wanted to get married, have children and run a dance school  Lily Donaldson shows off her cleavage and legs in a daring dress with thigh-high slit at star-studded Evening Standard Theatre Awards Elizabeth Hurley wows in a plunging black dress as she's joined by her very dapper son Damian, 14, for a night at the Evening Standard Theatre Awards  Still part of the family! Billie Piper wows in glam gown as she jokes with ex Laurence Fox's cousin Freddie at the Evening Standard Theatre Awards Margo Stilley flashes her lace bra and hot pants in raunchy sheer dress as she makes rare red carpet appearance at Evening Standard Awards Now James Corden turns his talents to Christmas ads! Sainsbury's enters the fray with an animated commercial featuring singing from the star In a Potter bother! Fantastic Beasts star Eddie Redmayne reveals he got grilled over wand after trying to smuggle it through customs Pucker up! Jesse Metcalfe and fiancee Cara Santana pack on the PDA at their engagement party They got engaged in August after eight years 'Thank you all so much': The X Factor's Sam Lavery shows little emotion as she is latest contestant to be voted off... after tense singing battle with Ryan Lawrie SPOILER ALERT: 'She's not mine!': Rick Grimes makes explosive revelation about 'daughter' on The Walking Dead More trouble ahead Shameless actor Jody Latham is accused of 'terrorising' a former Apprentice star in feud over his ex-fiancee  Appeared at Manchester Magistrates' Court PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Kourtney Kardashian flaunts fabulous figure in skimpy bikini on romantic getaway in Mexico with on/off beau Scott Disick Alexander McQueen's London penthouse hits the market for £8.5 million (complete with bespoke chandeliers, a dining terrace and walk-in dressing rooms)  Lea Michele shimmers in strapless dress as Kristen Bell goes sheer daring in lacy top for Christmas event in LA Black was back at glitzy event 'Wolf with rabies': Teresa Giudice continues taunting Jacqueline Laurita as fiery RHONJ reunion concludes On/off friendship  Happiest place! Singer Ashlee Simpson and hubby Evan Ross enjoy family bonding day with kids at Disneyland Happy every after  Lily James is spring chic in yellow dress and denim jacket as she is seen for first time on set of Baby Driver Filming the crime comedy in Atlanta A man cave for her Tyga? Kylie Jenner stocks a special room with Playboy magazine for 'the boys' at her Hidden Hills mansion Mags and an ashtray Unhappy birthday to you! Glum Anne Hathaway is a lady in red as she heads out for fancy celebratory dinner She had been stumping for Hillary Clinton What a whirl-wand trip! Eddie Redmayne looks exhausted as he lands in London in time for the premiere of Fantastic Beasts after debuting movie in New York Pregnant Katherine Heigl dresses her baby bump with loose fitting tank top at flea market with husband Josh Kelley Looking for baby gifts? Chic but sombre, the Duchess of Cambridge joins Camilla and Sophie Wessex at the Cenotaph on Remembrance Sunday A von Furstenberg coat  EXCLUSIVE: 'He pursued her heavily': I'm A Celeb's Lisa Snowdon 'devastated' to learn footballer ex Jay Bothroyd was married during eight-month affair 'FIRST look': Ruby Rose posts teaser of The Veronicas' new single On Your Side... which details her love story with singer Jess Origliasso  Kate Beckinsale shows off her slim figure in tight top as she attends AFI FEST in Los Angeles Always looks sensational  'He's the Trump of Strictly': Ed Balls divides viewers after Gangnam Style saves him as it's revealed he'll perform a Great Balls of Fire jive in Blackpool You must be jo-KING? EastEnders hardman Danny Dyer makes heir-larious discovery as it's revealed he is a descendant of royalty Cockney royalty Animal attraction! Make-up free Heidi Klum, 43, gets wild with leopard print at a celeb-studded fundraiser in Los Angeles Wild thing She's got some front! Rebecca Hall looks radiant in low-cut patterned dress at AFI Fest in Los Angeles The Christine star paired her unique dress  Sharp-suited Tom Hiddleston arrives at Evening Standard Theatre Awards in good spirits... amid claims Taylor Swift will sing about their breakup Corrie's Beverley Callard 'hasn't met her 11-month-old grandchild' despite living just down the road  Laura Cross made the claims against the star 'People can call me a mug but we are happy': Megan McKenna stands by reunion with Pete Wicks after sexting scandal... and no longer checks his social media 'It's very sad': Iconic soap star Eileen Derbyshire, 85, may not return to Coronation Street after 55-year run Has been absent now for 12 months 'You had me at bonjour': Make-up free Rebecca Gayheart, 45, shows off her clear complexion as she dons cheeky T-shirt at charity event Nikki Reed stuns in white off-the-shoulder patterned top as she attends ACLU dinner in LA The 28-year-old looked gorgeous as ever She's a real page turner! Actress Emma Roberts goes make-up free as she peruses a newsstand in Los Angeles Looked simply chic SPOILER ALERT: Ecstatic Gemma Winter meets lifelong crush Peter Andre as the pop star makes a cameo on Coronation Street Getting star treatment 'I feel so sorry for her': Catherine Tyldesley steps out in a wintry ensemble as she heads to a radio appearance to tease 'heartbreaking' Xmas storyline Hollywood power couple Jennifer Aniston and Justin Theroux go unnoticed in Germany... after saying he makes her feel 'completely adored' Stunning at 70! Goldie Hawn cuts a fabulous figure in silk dress as she makes an appearance ahead of her comedy show in Melbourne Back to her pre-baby best! Kim Kardashian recycles 2009 Princess Jasmine costume for fun with North She worked hard to get  back in pre-baby shape JK's fantastic new hero is just the magic we need: BRIAN VINER on the latest instalment of the Potter franchise  Plenty to say about restablishment stooges Nicole Kidman reunites with her To Die For director Gus Van Sant and co-star Casey Affleck for Variety taping Cult black comedy Coleen Rooney looks glam in an off-the-shoulder top as she enjoys a girls' night out at new Liverpool restaurant Flashed the flesh From Hollywood to Hollyoaks! Dallas star Linda Gray, 76, brings the glam to Chester in first look at her cameo in the Channel 4 soap  An unlikely arrival She's ripped! Kelly Bensimon wears torn blue jeans while out with daughter Thadeus in New York City Stepped out in New York over the weekend Michelle Keegan 'house-hunting in South Africa' as she prepares to spend eight more months away from Mark Wright for Our Girl filming Billy Bob Thornton smokes a cigarette as he touches down in LA after saying ex-wife Angelina Jolie 'seems OK' following Brad Pitt split Hailey Baldwin flaunts her bikini body in a swimsuit before planting a kiss on her female friend Model and daughter of Stephen Baldwin From Ab Flab to Ab Fab! Helen Lederer sheds eight pounds and drops a dress size in just three days after surviving on 400 calories A DAY 'It's about finding the right balance': Marion Cotillard admits she struggles to balance her professional and personal life... after denying Brad romance The good life! Ariel Winter proudly flaunts backside as she twerks in bikini during Mexican holiday with Levi Meaden and pals Continuing her holiday  Feeding the flock! Jennifer Garner and Ben Affleck provide snacks for family church as they bring their children to Sunday service At Pacific Palisades No comment! Kanye West refuses to confirm if he still plans to run for President in 2020  The 39-year-old Life of Pablo artist ignored questions Kanye West launches a new 'unpretentious' range of clothes - but a jumper will still set you back £1,745 and a T-shirt £159 A real man of the people 'You always inspire': Sylvester Stallone presents Jackie Chan with honourary Oscar... as Arnold Schwarzenegger also pays tribute 'I had a good time with dalliances': Robbie Williams jokes about making the most of his fame, how many of the Spice Girls he's REALLY slept with Swift beatz? Pop princess Taylor calls on rumoured rapper flame Drake 'to help give her music a hip-hop vibe' She reportedly wants to sound edgier Puppy love! Sofia Richie shows taut tummy as pal Cameron Dallas carries cute canine at West Hollywood store Enjoyed some dog time Miranda Kerr is the belle of the ball in an exquisite gold gown as she cosies up to sharp-suited fiancé Evan Spiegel at glittering Baby2Baby Gala Geordie Shore's Sophie Kasaei parades her sun-kissed curves on the beach after defending healthy Size 10 figure Showed off her bikini  'I'm no spring chicken': Ex-Strictly professional Ola Jordan, 34, says she's 'not body-confident' despite sneaking SIX sexy bikinis into I'm A Celeb 'I'm not having another baby, so screw you': EastEnders actress Jacqueline Jossa lashes out at cruel trolls who told her she looked pregnant 'He waited outside for her': Pregnant Amy Childs flees event after man 'threatened to punch her' Outside The Ideal Homes Show 'I only do the things I love': Mary Berry confirms filming for her own cooking show... as Bake-Off makers 'head to court over block on Channel 4 rival' 'That smile ain't nothing but a Dream!': Kris Jenner posts adorable snap of Rob Kardashian cradling his new baby girl Latest addition Jessica Alba goes casual chic as she takes her daughters to the Beverly Hills Farmers' Market She is known for her healthy lifestyle Mia Tyler announces she's expecting her first child by sharing picture of her bump First child for the artist, who is the daughter of Aerosmtih's Steven Scarlett Johansson shows off stunning curves in lilac cutaway dress at Ghost In The Shell trailer launch in Japan Glam evening Pamela Anderson cuts a chic figure as she brings MORE snacks to WikiLeaks founder Julian Assange... after he joked that her vegan treats were 'torture' Jamie Foxx has fun on set with Robert Downey Jr and Jeremy Piven as they film All-Star Weekend Revolves around two tow-truck drivers Kurves ahead! Khloe Kardashian shows off her incredible physique in a burnt orange dress as she heads to stylist Monica Rose's baby shower PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Megan Fox and Brian Austin Green take baby Journey and his older brothers on family outing Family united  'I was a bit of a b***ard': Phil Collins admits to cheating on his ex-wife, but says he was just 'following his heart' Regrets the affair 'I had nothing left to give him': Daisy Lowe falls foul of Strictly curse... as she and beau Bradley 'Frankie' Wade couldn't 'cope with the pressure' If you wannabe my mother: Ex-Spice Girl Victoria Beckham 'wants to manage her son Cruz's pop career' Thinks her experiences make her the perfect candidate Rod Stewart's rarely-seen daughter Ruby follows in her father's footsteps as she opens his tour in Liverpool The apple never falls far from the tree From Top Gear to top rear! Little Mix's Leigh-Anne Pinnock teaches Jeremy Clarkson how to twerk on the Jonathan Ross Show Awkward! GIRL ABOUT TOWN: Finally, Jeremy Clarkson is silenced - by the raging wife of Sir Shifty, Lady Green Someone who can stop the motormouth  GIRL ABOUT TOWN: Phasing out the Fogles! Prince William distances himself from Ben Fogle and his wife  Said to be fed up of Ben talking about him in public GIRL ABOUT TOWN: Doctor Who to marry Lady Rose? Besotted Matt Smith to pop the question to girlfriend Lily James by Christmas  Planning trip to New York Still the Princess of Darkness: X Factor judge Sharon Osbourne, 64, flips the bird as she leaves X Factor post-party looking a little worse for wear Outlandish behaviour Parkinson's sufferer Michael J. Fox appears to go Back To The Future with impassioned guitar solo as he leads special gig to support his charity Nicola Peltz flashes her taut abs in a crop top as she opts for an all-black look in Los Angeles Flashed a hint of her abs as she headed out Eye of the tiger, face of an angel: Ageless Madonna, 58, stuns with extremely taut appearance as she leads star-studded UFC fight crowd Kendall Jenner's hangout bar, Emma Stone's beloved salon and Jennifer Aniston's hiking spot: How to ditch the tourist traps and explore LA like a local A-Lister From Baywatch to bag watch: Giddy Kelly Rohrbach shops 'til she drops as she strains under a heavy load Made shopping look like hard work on Saturday PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Kate Upton and fiancé Justin Verlander put on a tactile display on romantic Italian vacation The 24-year-old model kept close in Florence Sheer delight! Nicole Kidman flashes her cleavage in plunging see-through gown at The Governors Awards... before slipping into classic white high-neck dress for later event 'I don't want to say!' Kris Jenner cries as her mother MJ asks her biggest fear in Keeping Up With The Kardashians Welled up on TV Getting some retail therapy! Julianne Moore and friend Laura Dern browse designer dresses at LA boutique  The 55-year-old looked to be in good spirits  'Loved it!' Kelly Clarkson takes baby Remington and daughter River to Disney World River, 2, and Remington, 7 months,  will have been delighted Danniella Westbrook sports new brunette hairdo, but STILL wears a plaster under her nose... amid reports she's suing Celebrity Botched Up Bodies Hard man Mickey Rourke, 64, proves he's a big softy at heart as muscular actor cradles beloved fluffy pooch The age-defying actor, 64, showed off his bulging biceps People wanted to kill me, says Prince Harry's girl: Meghan Markle opens up to PIERS MORGAN about dating, death threats and most embarrassing moment  Bataclan TURNS AWAY Eagles of Death Metal - who were playing when ISIS massacred 90 music fans - as the concert hall reopens a year after the attack with Sting performance Cringing Cowell! Simon is left red-faced after Dermot shares throwback picture of him with a VERY dodgy hairdo on X Factor Giving a gun show too! What happens in Vegas stays still in Vegas! Britney Spears does the Mannequin Challenge to celebrate Sin City success  Flesh-flashing Charlotte Dawson flirts up a storm with new rugby player boyfriend Matt Sarsfield as they're spotted together for the first time Trinny Woodall's 'nightmare' £300,000 divorce battle from beyond the grave: Fashion guru's bizarre High Court battle over her dead ex's debts  Get Me Out Of Here already! Scarlett Moffatt can't contain her disgust as she's forced to canoe through swampy waters in I'm A Celebrity's first grizzly challenge 'Strictly viewers are delighted to spot Mary Berry in the audience... but are reduced to tears as Judge Rinder's granddad wells up on-screen  She's got good jeans! Khloe Kardashian shows off her toned bottom...as she hits out at haters online Addressing all the criticism Frill-seeker! Slimmed-down Tina Malone shows off her TINY size six figure in black flamenco-style dress as she steps out at RTS Awards Disco fever! Leona Lewis oozes 70s glamour in corkscrew curls and plunging sequin gown as she steals the show at animal charity gala in LA Cara Delevingne flashes her abs with a sexy pin-up on her jacket... as she turns her mind to modelling following St Vincent split She had taken a step back from her modelling  Donatella Versace claims that gay male fashion designers create clothes for the 'women they want to be' rather than their customers   Female style icon Rachel Weisz is cosy beneath a bizarre woolly hat  She is famed for starring in cult classic The Mummy, but Rachel Weisz looked like she was almost embalmed  Ready to take the plunge! Ola Jordan glams up before the jungle in a low cut peachy dress as she meets her I'm A Celebrity team mates Slinky Scherzinger! Nicole shows off stunning figure in racy cut out dress on X Factor before changing into JUST a pink jacket for dinner  Chrissy Teigen and daughter Luna host baby shower for celebrity stylist Monica Rose... and Khloe Kardashian and Kris Jenner are on hand too Braided beauty! Cara Delevingne cuts a fashionable flyer in a chic bomber jacket as she touches down at LAX Eyes front, Philip! A playboy prince eyeing up the ladies? Don't worry, Ma'am - it's only a VERY impertinent scene from hit TV show The Crown  What will Ma'am think? Hugh Jackman spotted cosying up with Madonna at UFC title fight in New York  Watched Conor McGregor and Eddie Alvarez battle it out Vin Diesel and Nina Dobrev fuel the hype for xXx: Return of Xander Cage at Los Angeles fan event Diesel, 49, looked every part the action hero  Will Smith is in high spirits as he has a laugh on set for upcoming fantasy film Bright Will Smith spent his Saturday hard at work on his forthcoming fantasy thriller Bright Liquid gold! Lily Collins oozes class in backless satin gown at the Academy's Governors Awards in Hollywood Perhaps Lily Collins had her sights set on a gold statue Blue bombshell! Bryce Dallas Howard stuns at star-studded Weinstein Company party featuring Matthew McConaughey A real showstopper All-natural beauty! Jenna Dewan is pretty in pink with husband Channing Tatum at Baby2Baby Gala in Los Angeles  Had her black locks parted in the middle Kate Hudson shines in gold number as she poses with Matthew McConaughey and wife Camila at Baby2Baby Gala Sheerly amazing! Jessica Alba stuns in partially transparent black gown for star-studded Baby2Baby Gala in Los Angeles Charity that supports babies in need In the navy! Jennifer Garner is beautiful in blue as she stuns on red carpet of Baby2Baby Gala in LA The 44-year-old actress looked beautiful in blue Bella Thorne is epitome of casual chic in Daisy Dukes and snakeskin boots before slipping into crop top and ripped jeans Two different outfits 'Bonding with mommy!' Blac Chyna breastfeeds daughter Dream in newborn baby's first tweet Created an Instagram account in baby's name Blac Chyna's mother Tokyo Toni shows charitable side as she promotes food drive after second grandchild is born Tokyo Toni is feeling charitable  Pretty in pattern! Emma Stone and Michelle Williams wow in sparkling gowns for the eighth annual Governors Awards in Hollywood The actresses arrived dressed to the nines Demi Lovato holds hands with rumoured MMA fighter beau Luke Rockhold as they arrive to UFC 205 in New York It's been the worst kept celebrity couple secret for a while now Head Start to Home Cooked Get Recipes more SHARE PICTURE Copy link to paste in your message Find out more... Find out more... Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Network This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Syndication Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
  Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Wires Home My Profile Logout Login Feedback DailyMail NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad Merck breezes past 3Q profit expectations, raises forecast By Associated Press Published: 11:41 EST, 25 October 2016 | Updated: 11:41 EST, 25 October 2016 e-mail Higher sales of vaccines and prescription medicines, coupled with restrained spending, helped Merck & Co. post a 20 percent jump in third-quarter profit, trouncing Wall Street expectations. The maker of Januvia diabetes pills raised and narrowed its 2016 financial forecasts, but noted some headwinds, including the start of U.S. generic competition to three drugs by year's end. Its shares edged higher in midday trading Tuesday. FILE - In this Thursday, Dec. 18, 2014, file photo, a person walks through a Merck company building, in Kenilworth, N.J. Merck reports financial results Tuesday, Oct. 25, 2016. (AP Photo/Mel Evans, File) The second-biggest U.S. drugmaker is in transition, with revenue from older products such as immune disorder treatment Remicade and the Dulera asthma inhaler leveling off or falling amid increased competition. But sales are building for drugs launched since 2014, particularly immuno-oncology drug Keytruda and hepatitis C-curing Zepatier. Meanwhile, Zinplava for preventing recurrence of life-threatening C. difficile infections was approved Friday in the U.S., and Merck plans to apply soon for approval of experimental diabetes drug ertugliflozin and additional uses for Keytruda, its newest blockbuster, with more than $1 billion in sales over the past four quarters. In addition, chief executive Ken Frazier told analysts during a conference call that deals to boost Merck's pipeline of experimental drugs, with a focus on small -to-midsized assets that fit well within its business, are a priority. He noted Merck is calling attention to the innovation of its medicines amid the U.S. political furor over soaring drug prices. "We don't think these environmental pricing pressures will ease," Frazier said. Merck reported net income of $2.18 billion, or 78 cents per share. Adjusted for one-time gains and costs, earnings came to $1.07 per share, eclipsing the 98 cents analysts expected. The Kenilworth, New Jersey-based drugmaker reported revenue of $10.54 billion, up 5 percent and above Street forecasts for $10.24 billion. Sales of prescription drugs rose 6 percent to $9.44 billion, led by higher sales for Keytruda, cholesterol pill Zetia, drugs used in hospitals and Gardasil and other vaccines. Top seller Januvia and combination drug Jamumet, for Type 2 diabetes, saw sales dip 1 percent to a combined $1.56 billion. Sales of cholesterol medicines Zetia and Vytorin, which should face generic competition by year's end, edged up 1 percent to $944 million. Antibiotic Cubicin also is getting generic competition this quarter. Gardasil, a vaccine against cancer-causing human papilloma virus, saw sales jump 38 percent to $860 million, boosted by a higher U.S. price for a new version that protects against more strains of HPV, higher U.S. demand and purchases by government health programs. Children's vaccine Proquad also benefited from U.S. health program stockpiling, raising sales 28 percent to $496 million. Keytruda, one of the hot new cancer drugs that work by boosting the immune system to fight tumors, posted sales of $364 million, up 124 percent. Late Monday, the immuno-oncology drug won U.S. approval — two months ahead of schedule — for using Keytruda in bigger patient groups, including those newly diagnosed with lung cancer. Cancer drugs typically are approved initially for use after multiple other drugs have failed patients, then gradually allowed to be used earlier in treatment. Keytruda is already approved as a second-line treatment for lung cancer and for melanoma and head and neck cancer. It's being tested in about 300 patient studies, alone and combined with chemotherapy or other immuno-oncology drugs. "We are excited by the long-term potential of Keytruda against many different tumor types," pharmaceutical marketing head Adam Schechter told the analysts. Sanford Bernstein analyst Dr. Timothy Anderson wrote to investors that the early approval "helps cement the product's lead versus competitors in the large lung cancer market," which should further raise Keytruda sales. Sales of veterinary medicines rose 5 percent to $865 million, driven partly by the Bravecto line of flea and tick products. Merck now expects full-year earnings of $2.02 to $2.09, up from its July forecast of $1.98 to $2.08, and revenue of $39.7 billion to $40.2 billion, up from $39.1 billion to $40.1 billion. In midday trading, Merck shares rose 74 cents, or 1.2 percent, to $61.49 as the broader markets declined. Merck shares have risen more than 16 percent over the past year. _____ Follow Linda A. Johnson at www.twitter.com/LindaJ_onPharma Share or comment on this article e-mail Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article. Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail     DON'T MISS 'She's modified her face beyond all recognition!' Carol Vorderman, 55, stuns viewers after exhibiting 'frozen' complexion on I'm A Celeb It's getting hot in here! Ola Jordan shows off her dancer's body in tiny red bikini as she hits the jungle shower with Sam Quek and Scarlett Moffatt on I'm a Celeb Carol Vorderman, 55, strips down to a VERY racy swimsuit on I'm A Celeb...as 'happily single' star tells campmates 'I do alright' when it comes to men She looks to be doing just fine! Kim Kardashian's friend shares rare photo of reality star recluse as she dresses up in belly dancer costume for fun Ashley James puts on a eye-popping display in an itsy-bitsy bikini as she soaks up the sun on the beach in Ibiza Making the most of the sun 'It's me or the wardrobe!' Frankie Gaff gives Jamie Laing an ultimatum. He found living with her and her 'floordrobe' too much to bear on Made In Chelsea, by Jim Shelley  Cor (rie) blimey! Helen Flanagan showcases her incredible figure in a racy cut-out bikini as she holidays in Dubai with boyfriend Scott Sinclair Chloe Ferry reportedly FIRED from Geordie Shore after 'kicking new housemate Zahida Allen in the head'  The 21-year-old was shown the door Now that's a lesson in style! Myleene Klass exposes her cleavage in plunging jumpsuit as she leads the red carpet glamour at School of Rock press night She's proud of that booty! Khloe Kardashian flaunts her derriere as she does squats at the gym Taking after her bigger sister (in both senses) Real men wear pink! Brooklyn Beckham follows in his mother Victoria's fashionable footsteps as he makes a statement with pink beanie hat Frankie Bridge is the picture of elegance in plunging patterned gown at Virgin awards... after her husband Wayne makes I'm A Celebrity debut PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Tom Hiddleston steps out with a pretty blonde Taylor Swift lookalike... two months after split with pop star Flashed a beaming grin She needs a nap! Pregnant Marion Cotillard looks weary during LA dinner after tirelessly promoting Brad Pitt WWII film Allied Struggling Holly Willoughby is close to tears on This Morning as a distraught mother breaks down over her son's planned suicide during bullying phone-in The Eighties called! Sheridan Smith is unrecognisable as a busty brunette on set of the movie adaptation of comic Jo Brand's book As schizophrenic mum Newly-engaged Pixie Lott can barely contain her glee as she heads to jewellers hours after fiancé Oliver Cheshire popped the question What a gem!  Emma Watson stars as Belle in the first trailer for Disney's long-awaited live action remake of Beauty And The Beast Looks stunning Choosing her prince wasn't ALWAYS such an easy choice! Meghan Markle giggles as she is asked to pick either William or Harry months before romance She's a good sport! Gigi Hadid tries her hand at table tennis as she makes a sweeping entrance at VIP dinner in stylish satin jumpsuit In high spirits 'Worst thing I've ever done': I'm A Celeb's Scarlett, Jordan, Ola and Sam do Bushtucker Trial featuring 120,000 critters... as Moffatt is voted in first From refurbished iPads to a good-as-new Sony PS4: Ways to save money on your children's gifts this Christmas (without any fewer smiles!) SPONSORED Make-up free Coleen Rooney flaunts her trim figure in semi-sheer mesh workout gear as she hits the gym Making the most of her free time Demure Dita! Burlesque extraordinaire Von Teese steps out in modest black polo neck and ornate silver skirt for evening in London Jessica Simpson's father Joe, 58, confirms he has prostate cancer and has already undergone surgery 'He's feeling great now and is optimistic' 'It's like we get a little bit of dad back': Bindi Irwin says she remembers her dad the best every time she puts on her Australia Zoo uniform Not very ladylike! Lady Victoria Hervey, 40, displays more than expected as she flashes perky assets when risqué swimsuit unfastens Dapper Brad Pitt takes selfies with adoring fans at Allied screening in China... as he returns to the public eye after split with Angelina Jolie In better spirits again 'She works really hard': X Factor's Sam Lavery defends Honey G after elimination... as rapper faces backlash for surviving ANOTHER week 'He's such a good man': Marion Cotillard gushes about Allied co-star Brad Pitt... after shooting down rumours of an on set romance Caught up in split Naomi Campbell speaks for the first time about what it means to be black and British and joins other famous stars who were told to limit their ambitions due to their skin colour Take that! Bella Hadid throws a punch as she works out in boxing class after split from The Weeknd Was snug in her black, oversize fuzzy jacket  Girl time! Bella Thorne and Demi Lovato don skinny jeans as they catch up over lunch at the trendy Urth Caffe They both have new romances 'I had a bit of a nervous breakdown' Ryan Reynolds admits secret battle with anxiety as he's named GQ's Man of the Year He's filming Deadpool Coy Khloe Kardashian attempts to go incognito in huge hoodie as she steps out in wake of Tristan Thompson split rumours  Looked glum 'I gave up my career for a really long time': Ayda Field admits she TURNED DOWN a major US TV show to be with husband Robbie Williams 'It was very romantic': Goldie Hawn gets VERY candid about her and Kurt Russell's sex life and discusses split with ex husband Bill Hudson In Aspen, Colorado,  'Fame is the best drug': Lady Gaga opens up about her addiction to stardom as she covers Harper's Bazaar She penned an open essay to the magazine Twice the star power! Madonna puckers up as she and Zac Efron take selfies together at UFC's Connor McGregor star-studded fight Lucky Star 20 years and counting! Ant and Dec sign new three-year deal with ITV marking a landmark anniversary with the channel and promising more I'm A Celeb and BGT until at least 2019 'It's really awkward': Girl On The Train star Haley Bennett on being constantly mistaken for Jennifer Lawrence There is an uncanny likeness 'I lost Jack': Natalie Portman is a heartbroken First Lady after JFK's assassination in emotionally charged trailer for Jackie Natalie Portman flatters her pregnant figure in a striped T-shirt as she runs errands A regular errand-running day, despite the relsease of a mega-bucks trailer Waiting on mom! Jennifer Garner grabs breakfast while Ben Affleck and son Samuel goof around in their car The amicable exes appeared to be relaxed  'I could write a book on back problems!': Duncan James confirms he is fit and well after sudden visit to A&E... five months after emergency surgery on his spine Post election blues: Alec Baldwin looks depressed as he strolls with family before accusing NBC of not allowing SNL to endorse Hillary Clinton Back to her Mean Girls roots! Lindsay Lohan shows off new red locks reminiscent of her infamous movie character in cosy Instagram selfie Showdown! Exes Justin Bieber and Selena Gomez will compete for Artist Of The Year at the American Music Awards On November 20 It's only three weeks old! Amber Rose can't hide her horror as her brand new $371k Rolls-Royce gets rear-ended 'It's awesome!' Hailee Steinfeld opens up about being part of Taylor Swift's squad as she flashes her bra for magazine cover Gave glimpse of her bra 'I felt isolated': Robbie Williams describes the roller coaster ride with drugs, drink and depression that almost killed him... as he gets tearful over his daughter Hat's the way to do it! TOWIE's George Harrison flaunts her enviably svelte figure in a sizzling cut-out monokini as she enjoys a beach break in Spain 'Let's keep fighting to make it a better world for our children': Katie Holmes shares rare photo of daughter Suri with powerful message A productive playdate 'Sort your jaw out!' Vicky Pattison is slammed for 'gurning' on I'm A Celeb Extra Camp... as she mistakes show for Xtra Factor in awkward blunder 'I'm heartbroken, but proud of myself': Daisy Lowe flashes her toned abs in a crop top as she puts on a brave face after Strictly elimination  Put on a brave face 'She's built like a woman': Tommy Hilfiger praises 'smart, funny and humble' Gigi Hadid as he shows off his luxury New York apartment  'The 80s are back!' Luke Hemsworth channels He-Man for retro birthday bash with brother Liam and Miley Cyrus Time is rolling back 'They eat and stargaze': Sean Penn gripes about celebs who attend his foundation's annual gala... but don't donate a cent Looking rugged Ariel Winter posts a VERY cheeky Instagram snap from her Mexican holiday with Levi Meaden and pals Certainly making a splash 'We had good gossip': Courtney Love reveals unlikely friendship with Hillary Clinton... after meeting as they got their hair cut at same salon They met in 1988 'Being right sucks': The Simpsons poke fun at themselves in opening credits of first episode since Trump's election after predicting his presidency 16 years ago Young And The Restless star Corey Sligh, 28, arrested for molesting a girl under the age of 10 in Georgia The arrest took place on October 14 in Georgia Pretty as a petal! Jaime King looks ultra feminine in romantic lace gown at intimate fashion dinner She was certainly the belle of the ball EXCLUSIVE: How Andy Cohen refused an invitation into Cher's bedroom and fuelleda feud between Mariah Carey and Jennifer Lopez Catherine Tyldesley flaunts her toned legs in skintight jeans as she presents radio show... after teasing Corrie's 'heartbreaking' Christmas storyline 'Why are you in, miss? You're a millionaire!' GBBO champ Candice Brown reveals pupils were shocked to see her return to her job as a PE teacher after win Off-duty beauty: Lottie Moss goes make-up free and rocks a casual outfit as she jets out of Barcelona after a girls' weekend  Bare faced chic She's a peach! Adriana Lima flaunts her lean bronzed limbs in pretty floral mini dress as she shops in Miami  Turned sidewalk into her catwalk Nick Knowles moves into estranged wife Jessica's home following 'traumatic' split 11 months ago... after admitting they 'are working through things' 'I've NEVER eaten a takeaway': Mary Berry shares her biggest foodie secrets (and reveals what husband Paul will be getting her for Christmas this year) Secrets of an A-list body: We reveal how YOU can get Mark Wahlberg's pecs The 45-year-old actor is renowned for his toned pecs LeAnn Rimes holds hands with husband Eddie Cibrian as they reunite with his ex-wife Brandi Glanville at son's soccer match Families united Ola Jordan keeps her lace dress ON as she sets up camp in I'm A Celeb... as jealous husband James warns about hitting on his 'firecracker' 'He has never taken responsibility for her': I'm A Celebrity's Larry Lamb 'has a secret daughter who he had at 21... and hasn't seen for 46 years'  'She just didn't even try': Former I'm A Celeb winner Charlie Brooks calls out Helen Flanagan for being 'the worst' campmate at bushtucker trials 'I don't know if it was dancing or a seizure': Cheeky Robbie Williams gives mother-in-law Gwen harsh critique as she dances to Pray on Loose Women Jesy Nelson is seen without her engagement ring AGAIN during Sydney trip... as speculation heightens over 'split' from fiancé Jake Roche PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Hilary Duff shows off her fit figure in a skimpy bikini while on holiday with boyfriend Jason Walsh in Puerto Vallarta  Feeling the heat 'There's so much I wish I could thank him for, just one last time': Leonard Cohen's son writes emotional tribute to his father following his death aged 82 Did Kendall Jenner quit Instagram? Model's account no longer available after ballerina outrage Following Kim's lead and taking a break? Jailed Apollo Nida set to return to Real Housewives Of Atlanta with his new FIANCEE (but what will Phaedra Parks say?) Serving eight years Millie Mackintosh shows off her abs in a berry bikini as she models for boyfriend Hugo Taylor's sunglasses line in Mauritius Wish you were here? Final plans for Leonardo DiCaprio's ultra-luxury private eco resort on 104-acre island off Belize are released  Bought in 2005 'It's been challenging, but like Alan Partridge, I'm bouncing back': Tony Blackburn opens up about returning to BBC radio months after being sacked  'She should be ashamed of herself!' Sharon Osbourne is slammed on Twitter as X Factor fans accuse her of changing her mind at the last minute In need of a drink? Simon Cowell clutches a bottle of beer as he leaves The X Factor with Lauren Silverman after Honey G survives ANOTHER week Getting the after-party started! Dita Von Teese, Dominic Cooper and Ophelia Lovibond let loose at the Evening Standard Theatre Awards Madonna's age gap... between her face and hand: Wrinkled mitts give away the singer's age as she attends UFC bout in New York  Unable to disguise age Chic Julia Roberts is every inch the stylish soccer mom in low-key skinny jeans and a hat as she cheers on her kids Low-key superstar 'You could bleed to death': Kris Jenner warns Kim Kardashian about seeking third natural pregnancy on KUWTK Hard to take in Chrissy Teigen oozes retro glamour in a super-plunging Seventies-style jumpsuit as Fergie goes for a sheer mini at intimate fashion dinner Lindsay Lohan at the centre of a battery case as 'two Russians assault a man accused of spreading rumours about her' More drama The People v OJ Simpson leads the way with six Critics' Choice Awards nominations... as Game Of Thrones gets five Booty-ful day at the beach! Larsa Pippen shows off her fit figure in plunging white swimsuit while sunbathing in Miami Kim K's BFF A head for heights! Carol Vorderman leads the way as she conquers terrifying 300ft walk above city in I'm A Celebrity's first Bushtucker Trial   Ultimate flashing champion! Newly-single Bella Hadid shows off her bra in sheer top as she goes hell for leather on way to Conor McGregor fight EXCLUSIVE: 'I didn't want to leave the house': Frankie Essex says fitness helped her combat depression... as she reveals remarkable weight loss in a bikini 'Who is voting for her?' Honey G faces fresh backlash as talented act Sam Lavery leaves and farcical X Factor rapper isn't even in bottom two Could she win? Wild thing! Busty Ashley James sets pulses racing in a barely-there leopard print bikini as she jets off to Malta Series of sizzling snaps Daisy Lowe misses out on Blackpool as she is voted off Strictly after a  dance off against Greg Rutherford... but Ed Balls sails through again in  Gangnam Style Khloe Kardashian posts cryptic Instagram message amid speculation she's split with new beau Tristan Thompson Over already? 'We never asked to be role models': Perrie Edwards says she feels 'pressure' to act responsibly as she joins Little Mix co-stars for sizzling photo shoot I'm a Celebrity... it's getting hot in here! Joel Dommett, Wayne Bridge and Adam Thomas flash their ripped chests in the first jungle shower of the season 'Larry Lamb for Bond!': Twitter left in hysterics as EastEnders star dives into swamp to save Scarlett Moffatt from canoe disaster on I'm A Celebrity PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Hilary buff! Ms Duff puts her sculpted physique on display in a studded bikini during Mexican holiday Let the sunshine! Biggest surprise ever': Pixie Lott reveals she's engaged to long-term love Oliver Cheshire as she shows off dazzling diamond ring on Instagram  Cruel... No not nature's predators - Sir David Attenborough. He used  'rape' of Snow Leopards to make viewers suffer in Planet Earth II, writes JIM SHELLEY  'If your ex has been an a***hole, it's nice to belittle them': Little Mix stars get candid about faking orgasms and shaming former boyfriends in song 'I thought my life would be normal': Hollywood megastar Goldie Hawn says she only ever wanted to get married, have children and run a dance school  Lily Donaldson shows off her cleavage and legs in a daring dress with thigh-high slit at star-studded Evening Standard Theatre Awards Elizabeth Hurley wows in a plunging black dress as she's joined by her very dapper son Damian, 14, for a night at the Evening Standard Theatre Awards  Still part of the family! Billie Piper wows in glam gown as she jokes with ex Laurence Fox's cousin Freddie at the Evening Standard Theatre Awards Margo Stilley flashes her lace bra and hot pants in raunchy sheer dress as she makes rare red carpet appearance at Evening Standard Awards Now James Corden turns his talents to Christmas ads! Sainsbury's enters the fray with an animated commercial featuring singing from the star In a Potter bother! Fantastic Beasts star Eddie Redmayne reveals he got grilled over wand after trying to smuggle it through customs Pucker up! Jesse Metcalfe and fiancee Cara Santana pack on the PDA at their engagement party They got engaged in August after eight years 'Thank you all so much': The X Factor's Sam Lavery shows little emotion as she is latest contestant to be voted off... after tense singing battle with Ryan Lawrie SPOILER ALERT: 'She's not mine!': Rick Grimes makes explosive revelation about 'daughter' on The Walking Dead More trouble ahead Shameless actor Jody Latham is accused of 'terrorising' a former Apprentice star in feud over his ex-fiancee  Appeared at Manchester Magistrates' Court PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Kourtney Kardashian flaunts fabulous figure in skimpy bikini on romantic getaway in Mexico with on/off beau Scott Disick Alexander McQueen's London penthouse hits the market for £8.5 million (complete with bespoke chandeliers, a dining terrace and walk-in dressing rooms)  Lea Michele shimmers in strapless dress as Kristen Bell goes sheer daring in lacy top for Christmas event in LA Black was back at glitzy event 'Wolf with rabies': Teresa Giudice continues taunting Jacqueline Laurita as fiery RHONJ reunion concludes On/off friendship  Happiest place! Singer Ashlee Simpson and hubby Evan Ross enjoy family bonding day with kids at Disneyland Happy every after  Lily James is spring chic in yellow dress and denim jacket as she is seen for first time on set of Baby Driver Filming the crime comedy in Atlanta A man cave for her Tyga? Kylie Jenner stocks a special room with Playboy magazine for 'the boys' at her Hidden Hills mansion Mags and an ashtray Unhappy birthday to you! Glum Anne Hathaway is a lady in red as she heads out for fancy celebratory dinner She had been stumping for Hillary Clinton What a whirl-wand trip! Eddie Redmayne looks exhausted as he lands in London in time for the premiere of Fantastic Beasts after debuting movie in New York Pregnant Katherine Heigl dresses her baby bump with loose fitting tank top at flea market with husband Josh Kelley Looking for baby gifts? Chic but sombre, the Duchess of Cambridge joins Camilla and Sophie Wessex at the Cenotaph on Remembrance Sunday A von Furstenberg coat  EXCLUSIVE: 'He pursued her heavily': I'm A Celeb's Lisa Snowdon 'devastated' to learn footballer ex Jay Bothroyd was married during eight-month affair 'FIRST look': Ruby Rose posts teaser of The Veronicas' new single On Your Side... which details her love story with singer Jess Origliasso  Kate Beckinsale shows off her slim figure in tight top as she attends AFI FEST in Los Angeles Always looks sensational  'He's the Trump of Strictly': Ed Balls divides viewers after Gangnam Style saves him as it's revealed he'll perform a Great Balls of Fire jive in Blackpool You must be jo-KING? EastEnders hardman Danny Dyer makes heir-larious discovery as it's revealed he is a descendant of royalty Cockney royalty Animal attraction! Make-up free Heidi Klum, 43, gets wild with leopard print at a celeb-studded fundraiser in Los Angeles Wild thing She's got some front! Rebecca Hall looks radiant in low-cut patterned dress at AFI Fest in Los Angeles The Christine star paired her unique dress  Sharp-suited Tom Hiddleston arrives at Evening Standard Theatre Awards in good spirits... amid claims Taylor Swift will sing about their breakup Corrie's Beverley Callard 'hasn't met her 11-month-old grandchild' despite living just down the road  Laura Cross made the claims against the star 'People can call me a mug but we are happy': Megan McKenna stands by reunion with Pete Wicks after sexting scandal... and no longer checks his social media 'It's very sad': Iconic soap star Eileen Derbyshire, 85, may not return to Coronation Street after 55-year run Has been absent now for 12 months 'You had me at bonjour': Make-up free Rebecca Gayheart, 45, shows off her clear complexion as she dons cheeky T-shirt at charity event Nikki Reed stuns in white off-the-shoulder patterned top as she attends ACLU dinner in LA The 28-year-old looked gorgeous as ever She's a real page turner! Actress Emma Roberts goes make-up free as she peruses a newsstand in Los Angeles Looked simply chic SPOILER ALERT: Ecstatic Gemma Winter meets lifelong crush Peter Andre as the pop star makes a cameo on Coronation Street Getting star treatment 'I feel so sorry for her': Catherine Tyldesley steps out in a wintry ensemble as she heads to a radio appearance to tease 'heartbreaking' Xmas storyline Hollywood power couple Jennifer Aniston and Justin Theroux go unnoticed in Germany... after saying he makes her feel 'completely adored' Stunning at 70! Goldie Hawn cuts a fabulous figure in silk dress as she makes an appearance ahead of her comedy show in Melbourne Back to her pre-baby best! Kim Kardashian recycles 2009 Princess Jasmine costume for fun with North She worked hard to get  back in pre-baby shape JK's fantastic new hero is just the magic we need: BRIAN VINER on the latest instalment of the Potter franchise  Plenty to say about restablishment stooges Nicole Kidman reunites with her To Die For director Gus Van Sant and co-star Casey Affleck for Variety taping Cult black comedy Coleen Rooney looks glam in an off-the-shoulder top as she enjoys a girls' night out at new Liverpool restaurant Flashed the flesh From Hollywood to Hollyoaks! Dallas star Linda Gray, 76, brings the glam to Chester in first look at her cameo in the Channel 4 soap  An unlikely arrival She's ripped! Kelly Bensimon wears torn blue jeans while out with daughter Thadeus in New York City Stepped out in New York over the weekend Michelle Keegan 'house-hunting in South Africa' as she prepares to spend eight more months away from Mark Wright for Our Girl filming Billy Bob Thornton smokes a cigarette as he touches down in LA after saying ex-wife Angelina Jolie 'seems OK' following Brad Pitt split Hailey Baldwin flaunts her bikini body in a swimsuit before planting a kiss on her female friend Model and daughter of Stephen Baldwin From Ab Flab to Ab Fab! Helen Lederer sheds eight pounds and drops a dress size in just three days after surviving on 400 calories A DAY 'It's about finding the right balance': Marion Cotillard admits she struggles to balance her professional and personal life... after denying Brad romance The good life! Ariel Winter proudly flaunts backside as she twerks in bikini during Mexican holiday with Levi Meaden and pals Continuing her holiday  Feeding the flock! Jennifer Garner and Ben Affleck provide snacks for family church as they bring their children to Sunday service At Pacific Palisades No comment! Kanye West refuses to confirm if he still plans to run for President in 2020  The 39-year-old Life of Pablo artist ignored questions Kanye West launches a new 'unpretentious' range of clothes - but a jumper will still set you back £1,745 and a T-shirt £159 A real man of the people 'You always inspire': Sylvester Stallone presents Jackie Chan with honourary Oscar... as Arnold Schwarzenegger also pays tribute 'I had a good time with dalliances': Robbie Williams jokes about making the most of his fame, how many of the Spice Girls he's REALLY slept with Swift beatz? Pop princess Taylor calls on rumoured rapper flame Drake 'to help give her music a hip-hop vibe' She reportedly wants to sound edgier Puppy love! Sofia Richie shows taut tummy as pal Cameron Dallas carries cute canine at West Hollywood store Enjoyed some dog time Miranda Kerr is the belle of the ball in an exquisite gold gown as she cosies up to sharp-suited fiancé Evan Spiegel at glittering Baby2Baby Gala Geordie Shore's Sophie Kasaei parades her sun-kissed curves on the beach after defending healthy Size 10 figure Showed off her bikini  'I'm no spring chicken': Ex-Strictly professional Ola Jordan, 34, says she's 'not body-confident' despite sneaking SIX sexy bikinis into I'm A Celeb 'I'm not having another baby, so screw you': EastEnders actress Jacqueline Jossa lashes out at cruel trolls who told her she looked pregnant 'He waited outside for her': Pregnant Amy Childs flees event after man 'threatened to punch her' Outside The Ideal Homes Show 'I only do the things I love': Mary Berry confirms filming for her own cooking show... as Bake-Off makers 'head to court over block on Channel 4 rival' 'That smile ain't nothing but a Dream!': Kris Jenner posts adorable snap of Rob Kardashian cradling his new baby girl Latest addition Jessica Alba goes casual chic as she takes her daughters to the Beverly Hills Farmers' Market She is known for her healthy lifestyle Mia Tyler announces she's expecting her first child by sharing picture of her bump First child for the artist, who is the daughter of Aerosmtih's Steven Scarlett Johansson shows off stunning curves in lilac cutaway dress at Ghost In The Shell trailer launch in Japan Glam evening Pamela Anderson cuts a chic figure as she brings MORE snacks to WikiLeaks founder Julian Assange... after he joked that her vegan treats were 'torture' Jamie Foxx has fun on set with Robert Downey Jr and Jeremy Piven as they film All-Star Weekend Revolves around two tow-truck drivers Kurves ahead! Khloe Kardashian shows off her incredible physique in a burnt orange dress as she heads to stylist Monica Rose's baby shower PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Megan Fox and Brian Austin Green take baby Journey and his older brothers on family outing Family united  'I was a bit of a b***ard': Phil Collins admits to cheating on his ex-wife, but says he was just 'following his heart' Regrets the affair 'I had nothing left to give him': Daisy Lowe falls foul of Strictly curse... as she and beau Bradley 'Frankie' Wade couldn't 'cope with the pressure' If you wannabe my mother: Ex-Spice Girl Victoria Beckham 'wants to manage her son Cruz's pop career' Thinks her experiences make her the perfect candidate Rod Stewart's rarely-seen daughter Ruby follows in her father's footsteps as she opens his tour in Liverpool The apple never falls far from the tree From Top Gear to top rear! Little Mix's Leigh-Anne Pinnock teaches Jeremy Clarkson how to twerk on the Jonathan Ross Show Awkward! GIRL ABOUT TOWN: Finally, Jeremy Clarkson is silenced - by the raging wife of Sir Shifty, Lady Green Someone who can stop the motormouth  GIRL ABOUT TOWN: Phasing out the Fogles! Prince William distances himself from Ben Fogle and his wife  Said to be fed up of Ben talking about him in public GIRL ABOUT TOWN: Doctor Who to marry Lady Rose? Besotted Matt Smith to pop the question to girlfriend Lily James by Christmas  Planning trip to New York Still the Princess of Darkness: X Factor judge Sharon Osbourne, 64, flips the bird as she leaves X Factor post-party looking a little worse for wear Outlandish behaviour Parkinson's sufferer Michael J. Fox appears to go Back To The Future with impassioned guitar solo as he leads special gig to support his charity Nicola Peltz flashes her taut abs in a crop top as she opts for an all-black look in Los Angeles Flashed a hint of her abs as she headed out Eye of the tiger, face of an angel: Ageless Madonna, 58, stuns with extremely taut appearance as she leads star-studded UFC fight crowd Kendall Jenner's hangout bar, Emma Stone's beloved salon and Jennifer Aniston's hiking spot: How to ditch the tourist traps and explore LA like a local A-Lister From Baywatch to bag watch: Giddy Kelly Rohrbach shops 'til she drops as she strains under a heavy load Made shopping look like hard work on Saturday PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Kate Upton and fiancé Justin Verlander put on a tactile display on romantic Italian vacation The 24-year-old model kept close in Florence Sheer delight! Nicole Kidman flashes her cleavage in plunging see-through gown at The Governors Awards... before slipping into classic white high-neck dress for later event 'I don't want to say!' Kris Jenner cries as her mother MJ asks her biggest fear in Keeping Up With The Kardashians Welled up on TV Getting some retail therapy! Julianne Moore and friend Laura Dern browse designer dresses at LA boutique  The 55-year-old looked to be in good spirits  'Loved it!' Kelly Clarkson takes baby Remington and daughter River to Disney World River, 2, and Remington, 7 months,  will have been delighted Danniella Westbrook sports new brunette hairdo, but STILL wears a plaster under her nose... amid reports she's suing Celebrity Botched Up Bodies Hard man Mickey Rourke, 64, proves he's a big softy at heart as muscular actor cradles beloved fluffy pooch The age-defying actor, 64, showed off his bulging biceps People wanted to kill me, says Prince Harry's girl: Meghan Markle opens up to PIERS MORGAN about dating, death threats and most embarrassing moment  Bataclan TURNS AWAY Eagles of Death Metal - who were playing when ISIS massacred 90 music fans - as the concert hall reopens a year after the attack with Sting performance Cringing Cowell! Simon is left red-faced after Dermot shares throwback picture of him with a VERY dodgy hairdo on X Factor Giving a gun show too! What happens in Vegas stays still in Vegas! Britney Spears does the Mannequin Challenge to celebrate Sin City success  Flesh-flashing Charlotte Dawson flirts up a storm with new rugby player boyfriend Matt Sarsfield as they're spotted together for the first time Trinny Woodall's 'nightmare' £300,000 divorce battle from beyond the grave: Fashion guru's bizarre High Court battle over her dead ex's debts  Get Me Out Of Here already! Scarlett Moffatt can't contain her disgust as she's forced to canoe through swampy waters in I'm A Celebrity's first grizzly challenge 'Strictly viewers are delighted to spot Mary Berry in the audience... but are reduced to tears as Judge Rinder's granddad wells up on-screen  She's got good jeans! Khloe Kardashian shows off her toned bottom...as she hits out at haters online Addressing all the criticism Frill-seeker! Slimmed-down Tina Malone shows off her TINY size six figure in black flamenco-style dress as she steps out at RTS Awards Disco fever! Leona Lewis oozes 70s glamour in corkscrew curls and plunging sequin gown as she steals the show at animal charity gala in LA Cara Delevingne flashes her abs with a sexy pin-up on her jacket... as she turns her mind to modelling following St Vincent split She had taken a step back from her modelling  Donatella Versace claims that gay male fashion designers create clothes for the 'women they want to be' rather than their customers   Female style icon Rachel Weisz is cosy beneath a bizarre woolly hat  She is famed for starring in cult classic The Mummy, but Rachel Weisz looked like she was almost embalmed  Ready to take the plunge! Ola Jordan glams up before the jungle in a low cut peachy dress as she meets her I'm A Celebrity team mates Slinky Scherzinger! Nicole shows off stunning figure in racy cut out dress on X Factor before changing into JUST a pink jacket for dinner  Chrissy Teigen and daughter Luna host baby shower for celebrity stylist Monica Rose... and Khloe Kardashian and Kris Jenner are on hand too Braided beauty! Cara Delevingne cuts a fashionable flyer in a chic bomber jacket as she touches down at LAX Eyes front, Philip! A playboy prince eyeing up the ladies? Don't worry, Ma'am - it's only a VERY impertinent scene from hit TV show The Crown  What will Ma'am think? Hugh Jackman spotted cosying up with Madonna at UFC title fight in New York  Watched Conor McGregor and Eddie Alvarez battle it out Vin Diesel and Nina Dobrev fuel the hype for xXx: Return of Xander Cage at Los Angeles fan event Diesel, 49, looked every part the action hero  Will Smith is in high spirits as he has a laugh on set for upcoming fantasy film Bright Will Smith spent his Saturday hard at work on his forthcoming fantasy thriller Bright Liquid gold! Lily Collins oozes class in backless satin gown at the Academy's Governors Awards in Hollywood Perhaps Lily Collins had her sights set on a gold statue Blue bombshell! Bryce Dallas Howard stuns at star-studded Weinstein Company party featuring Matthew McConaughey A real showstopper All-natural beauty! Jenna Dewan is pretty in pink with husband Channing Tatum at Baby2Baby Gala in Los Angeles  Had her black locks parted in the middle Kate Hudson shines in gold number as she poses with Matthew McConaughey and wife Camila at Baby2Baby Gala Sheerly amazing! Jessica Alba stuns in partially transparent black gown for star-studded Baby2Baby Gala in Los Angeles Charity that supports babies in need In the navy! Jennifer Garner is beautiful in blue as she stuns on red carpet of Baby2Baby Gala in LA The 44-year-old actress looked beautiful in blue Bella Thorne is epitome of casual chic in Daisy Dukes and snakeskin boots before slipping into crop top and ripped jeans Two different outfits 'Bonding with mommy!' Blac Chyna breastfeeds daughter Dream in newborn baby's first tweet Created an Instagram account in baby's name Blac Chyna's mother Tokyo Toni shows charitable side as she promotes food drive after second grandchild is born Tokyo Toni is feeling charitable  Pretty in pattern! Emma Stone and Michelle Williams wow in sparkling gowns for the eighth annual Governors Awards in Hollywood The actresses arrived dressed to the nines Demi Lovato holds hands with rumoured MMA fighter beau Luke Rockhold as they arrive to UFC 205 in New York It's been the worst kept celebrity couple secret for a while now Head Start to Home Cooked Get Recipes more SHARE PICTURE Copy link to paste in your message Find out more... Find out more... Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Network This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Syndication Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
  Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Wires Home My Profile Logout Login Feedback DailyMail NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad Merck wins early U.S. approval for Keytruda in untreated lung cancer By Reuters Published: 07:09 EST, 25 October 2016 | Updated: 07:09 EST, 25 October 2016 e-mail By Ben Hirschler and Dipika Jain Oct 25 (Reuters) - Merck & Co has won U.S. approval to market its immunotherapy Keytruda for use in previously untreated lung cancer patients two months ahead of schedule, making it the only such drug cleared for first-line treatment. The green light from the Food and Drug Administration (FDA), announced by the U.S. drugmaker late on Monday, confirms Merck's leading position in the hot area of medicines that fight tumours by harnessing the body's immune system. Keytruda's latest approval is for treating first-line metastatic non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC) in patients with high-levels of a protein called PD-L1, which makes them more receptive to immunotherapy. The FDA had set a target date of Dec. 24 for deciding on this new use. Expectations for Keytruda, which works by taking the brakes off the immune system, have been building since its success in treating selected untreated patients. Annual sales of the drug are now expected to reach $8.1 billion in 2021, according to consensus forecasts compiled by Thomson Reuters. Rival Bristol-Myers Squibb's drug Opdivo failed in a late-stage trial for the same indication. Bristol had tried to make Opdivo work irrespective of PD-L1 levels. In the event, it disappointed comprehensively in a major study. Keytruda and Opdivo, along with Roche's rival immunotherapy Tecentriq, are already approved for lung cancer patients who have undergone previous chemotherapy. Keytruda had originally only been cleared in this second-line setting for patients with high PD-L1 levels but the FDA also expanded this on Monday to allow for treatment where PD-L1 expression is just 1 percent or more. Immunotherapy drugs are used additionally in melanoma, Hodgkin lymphoma and cancers of the bladder, kidney, head and neck, but lung cancer, the world's biggest cancer killer with an annual death toll of 1.6 million, is the biggest potential market. Although doctors are allowed to prescribe medicines for not yet approved uses, the FDA's first-line clearance of Keytruda could greatly increase the number of patients taking the drug. Leerink analyst Seamus Fernandez said the news should cement Merck's position as leader in the first-line lung cancer field for at least the next 12 to 18 months, after when the battle is likely to shift to new combination therapies. Only a quarter to a third of non-small cell lung cancer patients have tumours with at least 50 percent of cells producing PD-L1, making them suitable for first-line Keytruda, so around 70 percent of the market is still up for grabs. As a result, the race is now on between Merck, Bristol, Roche and AstraZeneca to find smart ways for combining treatments, either by adding chemotherapy or using two different immunotherapies in tandem. Merck's first-line approval was based on data from a late-stage study which showed Keytruda achieved superior progression-free and overall survival compared to chemotherapy in patients whose tumours expressed high levels of PD-L1. (Editing by Lisa Shumaker and Jane Merriman) Share or comment on this article e-mail Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article. Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail     DON'T MISS 'She's modified her face beyond all recognition!' Carol Vorderman, 55, stuns viewers after exhibiting 'frozen' complexion on I'm A Celeb It's getting hot in here! Ola Jordan shows off her dancer's body in tiny red bikini as she hits the jungle shower with Sam Quek and Scarlett Moffatt on I'm a Celeb Carol Vorderman, 55, strips down to a VERY racy swimsuit on I'm A Celeb...as 'happily single' star tells campmates 'I do alright' when it comes to men She looks to be doing just fine! Kim Kardashian's friend shares rare photo of reality star recluse as she dresses up in belly dancer costume for fun Ashley James puts on a eye-popping display in an itsy-bitsy bikini as she soaks up the sun on the beach in Ibiza Making the most of the sun 'It's me or the wardrobe!' Frankie Gaff gives Jamie Laing an ultimatum. He found living with her and her 'floordrobe' too much to bear on Made In Chelsea, by Jim Shelley  Cor (rie) blimey! Helen Flanagan showcases her incredible figure in a racy cut-out bikini as she holidays in Dubai with boyfriend Scott Sinclair Chloe Ferry reportedly FIRED from Geordie Shore after 'kicking new housemate Zahida Allen in the head'  The 21-year-old was shown the door Now that's a lesson in style! Myleene Klass exposes her cleavage in plunging jumpsuit as she leads the red carpet glamour at School of Rock press night She's proud of that booty! Khloe Kardashian flaunts her derriere as she does squats at the gym Taking after her bigger sister (in both senses) Real men wear pink! Brooklyn Beckham follows in his mother Victoria's fashionable footsteps as he makes a statement with pink beanie hat Frankie Bridge is the picture of elegance in plunging patterned gown at Virgin awards... after her husband Wayne makes I'm A Celebrity debut PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Tom Hiddleston steps out with a pretty blonde Taylor Swift lookalike... two months after split with pop star Flashed a beaming grin She needs a nap! Pregnant Marion Cotillard looks weary during LA dinner after tirelessly promoting Brad Pitt WWII film Allied Struggling Holly Willoughby is close to tears on This Morning as a distraught mother breaks down over her son's planned suicide during bullying phone-in The Eighties called! Sheridan Smith is unrecognisable as a busty brunette on set of the movie adaptation of comic Jo Brand's book As schizophrenic mum Newly-engaged Pixie Lott can barely contain her glee as she heads to jewellers hours after fiancé Oliver Cheshire popped the question What a gem!  Emma Watson stars as Belle in the first trailer for Disney's long-awaited live action remake of Beauty And The Beast Looks stunning Choosing her prince wasn't ALWAYS such an easy choice! Meghan Markle giggles as she is asked to pick either William or Harry months before romance She's a good sport! Gigi Hadid tries her hand at table tennis as she makes a sweeping entrance at VIP dinner in stylish satin jumpsuit In high spirits 'Worst thing I've ever done': I'm A Celeb's Scarlett, Jordan, Ola and Sam do Bushtucker Trial featuring 120,000 critters... as Moffatt is voted in first From refurbished iPads to a good-as-new Sony PS4: Ways to save money on your children's gifts this Christmas (without any fewer smiles!) SPONSORED Make-up free Coleen Rooney flaunts her trim figure in semi-sheer mesh workout gear as she hits the gym Making the most of her free time Demure Dita! Burlesque extraordinaire Von Teese steps out in modest black polo neck and ornate silver skirt for evening in London Jessica Simpson's father Joe, 58, confirms he has prostate cancer and has already undergone surgery 'He's feeling great now and is optimistic' 'It's like we get a little bit of dad back': Bindi Irwin says she remembers her dad the best every time she puts on her Australia Zoo uniform Not very ladylike! Lady Victoria Hervey, 40, displays more than expected as she flashes perky assets when risqué swimsuit unfastens Dapper Brad Pitt takes selfies with adoring fans at Allied screening in China... as he returns to the public eye after split with Angelina Jolie In better spirits again 'She works really hard': X Factor's Sam Lavery defends Honey G after elimination... as rapper faces backlash for surviving ANOTHER week 'He's such a good man': Marion Cotillard gushes about Allied co-star Brad Pitt... after shooting down rumours of an on set romance Caught up in split Naomi Campbell speaks for the first time about what it means to be black and British and joins other famous stars who were told to limit their ambitions due to their skin colour Take that! Bella Hadid throws a punch as she works out in boxing class after split from The Weeknd Was snug in her black, oversize fuzzy jacket  Girl time! Bella Thorne and Demi Lovato don skinny jeans as they catch up over lunch at the trendy Urth Caffe They both have new romances 'I had a bit of a nervous breakdown' Ryan Reynolds admits secret battle with anxiety as he's named GQ's Man of the Year He's filming Deadpool Coy Khloe Kardashian attempts to go incognito in huge hoodie as she steps out in wake of Tristan Thompson split rumours  Looked glum 'I gave up my career for a really long time': Ayda Field admits she TURNED DOWN a major US TV show to be with husband Robbie Williams 'It was very romantic': Goldie Hawn gets VERY candid about her and Kurt Russell's sex life and discusses split with ex husband Bill Hudson In Aspen, Colorado,  'Fame is the best drug': Lady Gaga opens up about her addiction to stardom as she covers Harper's Bazaar She penned an open essay to the magazine Twice the star power! Madonna puckers up as she and Zac Efron take selfies together at UFC's Connor McGregor star-studded fight Lucky Star 20 years and counting! Ant and Dec sign new three-year deal with ITV marking a landmark anniversary with the channel and promising more I'm A Celeb and BGT until at least 2019 'It's really awkward': Girl On The Train star Haley Bennett on being constantly mistaken for Jennifer Lawrence There is an uncanny likeness 'I lost Jack': Natalie Portman is a heartbroken First Lady after JFK's assassination in emotionally charged trailer for Jackie Natalie Portman flatters her pregnant figure in a striped T-shirt as she runs errands A regular errand-running day, despite the relsease of a mega-bucks trailer Waiting on mom! Jennifer Garner grabs breakfast while Ben Affleck and son Samuel goof around in their car The amicable exes appeared to be relaxed  'I could write a book on back problems!': Duncan James confirms he is fit and well after sudden visit to A&E... five months after emergency surgery on his spine Post election blues: Alec Baldwin looks depressed as he strolls with family before accusing NBC of not allowing SNL to endorse Hillary Clinton Back to her Mean Girls roots! Lindsay Lohan shows off new red locks reminiscent of her infamous movie character in cosy Instagram selfie Showdown! Exes Justin Bieber and Selena Gomez will compete for Artist Of The Year at the American Music Awards On November 20 It's only three weeks old! Amber Rose can't hide her horror as her brand new $371k Rolls-Royce gets rear-ended 'It's awesome!' Hailee Steinfeld opens up about being part of Taylor Swift's squad as she flashes her bra for magazine cover Gave glimpse of her bra 'I felt isolated': Robbie Williams describes the roller coaster ride with drugs, drink and depression that almost killed him... as he gets tearful over his daughter Hat's the way to do it! TOWIE's George Harrison flaunts her enviably svelte figure in a sizzling cut-out monokini as she enjoys a beach break in Spain 'Let's keep fighting to make it a better world for our children': Katie Holmes shares rare photo of daughter Suri with powerful message A productive playdate 'Sort your jaw out!' Vicky Pattison is slammed for 'gurning' on I'm A Celeb Extra Camp... as she mistakes show for Xtra Factor in awkward blunder 'I'm heartbroken, but proud of myself': Daisy Lowe flashes her toned abs in a crop top as she puts on a brave face after Strictly elimination  Put on a brave face 'She's built like a woman': Tommy Hilfiger praises 'smart, funny and humble' Gigi Hadid as he shows off his luxury New York apartment  'The 80s are back!' Luke Hemsworth channels He-Man for retro birthday bash with brother Liam and Miley Cyrus Time is rolling back 'They eat and stargaze': Sean Penn gripes about celebs who attend his foundation's annual gala... but don't donate a cent Looking rugged Ariel Winter posts a VERY cheeky Instagram snap from her Mexican holiday with Levi Meaden and pals Certainly making a splash 'We had good gossip': Courtney Love reveals unlikely friendship with Hillary Clinton... after meeting as they got their hair cut at same salon They met in 1988 'Being right sucks': The Simpsons poke fun at themselves in opening credits of first episode since Trump's election after predicting his presidency 16 years ago Young And The Restless star Corey Sligh, 28, arrested for molesting a girl under the age of 10 in Georgia The arrest took place on October 14 in Georgia Pretty as a petal! Jaime King looks ultra feminine in romantic lace gown at intimate fashion dinner She was certainly the belle of the ball EXCLUSIVE: How Andy Cohen refused an invitation into Cher's bedroom and fuelleda feud between Mariah Carey and Jennifer Lopez Catherine Tyldesley flaunts her toned legs in skintight jeans as she presents radio show... after teasing Corrie's 'heartbreaking' Christmas storyline 'Why are you in, miss? You're a millionaire!' GBBO champ Candice Brown reveals pupils were shocked to see her return to her job as a PE teacher after win Off-duty beauty: Lottie Moss goes make-up free and rocks a casual outfit as she jets out of Barcelona after a girls' weekend  Bare faced chic She's a peach! Adriana Lima flaunts her lean bronzed limbs in pretty floral mini dress as she shops in Miami  Turned sidewalk into her catwalk Nick Knowles moves into estranged wife Jessica's home following 'traumatic' split 11 months ago... after admitting they 'are working through things' 'I've NEVER eaten a takeaway': Mary Berry shares her biggest foodie secrets (and reveals what husband Paul will be getting her for Christmas this year) Secrets of an A-list body: We reveal how YOU can get Mark Wahlberg's pecs The 45-year-old actor is renowned for his toned pecs LeAnn Rimes holds hands with husband Eddie Cibrian as they reunite with his ex-wife Brandi Glanville at son's soccer match Families united Ola Jordan keeps her lace dress ON as she sets up camp in I'm A Celeb... as jealous husband James warns about hitting on his 'firecracker' 'He has never taken responsibility for her': I'm A Celebrity's Larry Lamb 'has a secret daughter who he had at 21... and hasn't seen for 46 years'  'She just didn't even try': Former I'm A Celeb winner Charlie Brooks calls out Helen Flanagan for being 'the worst' campmate at bushtucker trials 'I don't know if it was dancing or a seizure': Cheeky Robbie Williams gives mother-in-law Gwen harsh critique as she dances to Pray on Loose Women Jesy Nelson is seen without her engagement ring AGAIN during Sydney trip... as speculation heightens over 'split' from fiancé Jake Roche PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Hilary Duff shows off her fit figure in a skimpy bikini while on holiday with boyfriend Jason Walsh in Puerto Vallarta  Feeling the heat 'There's so much I wish I could thank him for, just one last time': Leonard Cohen's son writes emotional tribute to his father following his death aged 82 Did Kendall Jenner quit Instagram? Model's account no longer available after ballerina outrage Following Kim's lead and taking a break? Jailed Apollo Nida set to return to Real Housewives Of Atlanta with his new FIANCEE (but what will Phaedra Parks say?) Serving eight years Millie Mackintosh shows off her abs in a berry bikini as she models for boyfriend Hugo Taylor's sunglasses line in Mauritius Wish you were here? Final plans for Leonardo DiCaprio's ultra-luxury private eco resort on 104-acre island off Belize are released  Bought in 2005 'It's been challenging, but like Alan Partridge, I'm bouncing back': Tony Blackburn opens up about returning to BBC radio months after being sacked  'She should be ashamed of herself!' Sharon Osbourne is slammed on Twitter as X Factor fans accuse her of changing her mind at the last minute In need of a drink? Simon Cowell clutches a bottle of beer as he leaves The X Factor with Lauren Silverman after Honey G survives ANOTHER week Getting the after-party started! Dita Von Teese, Dominic Cooper and Ophelia Lovibond let loose at the Evening Standard Theatre Awards Madonna's age gap... between her face and hand: Wrinkled mitts give away the singer's age as she attends UFC bout in New York  Unable to disguise age Chic Julia Roberts is every inch the stylish soccer mom in low-key skinny jeans and a hat as she cheers on her kids Low-key superstar 'You could bleed to death': Kris Jenner warns Kim Kardashian about seeking third natural pregnancy on KUWTK Hard to take in Chrissy Teigen oozes retro glamour in a super-plunging Seventies-style jumpsuit as Fergie goes for a sheer mini at intimate fashion dinner Lindsay Lohan at the centre of a battery case as 'two Russians assault a man accused of spreading rumours about her' More drama The People v OJ Simpson leads the way with six Critics' Choice Awards nominations... as Game Of Thrones gets five Booty-ful day at the beach! Larsa Pippen shows off her fit figure in plunging white swimsuit while sunbathing in Miami Kim K's BFF A head for heights! Carol Vorderman leads the way as she conquers terrifying 300ft walk above city in I'm A Celebrity's first Bushtucker Trial   Ultimate flashing champion! Newly-single Bella Hadid shows off her bra in sheer top as she goes hell for leather on way to Conor McGregor fight EXCLUSIVE: 'I didn't want to leave the house': Frankie Essex says fitness helped her combat depression... as she reveals remarkable weight loss in a bikini 'Who is voting for her?' Honey G faces fresh backlash as talented act Sam Lavery leaves and farcical X Factor rapper isn't even in bottom two Could she win? Wild thing! Busty Ashley James sets pulses racing in a barely-there leopard print bikini as she jets off to Malta Series of sizzling snaps Daisy Lowe misses out on Blackpool as she is voted off Strictly after a  dance off against Greg Rutherford... but Ed Balls sails through again in  Gangnam Style Khloe Kardashian posts cryptic Instagram message amid speculation she's split with new beau Tristan Thompson Over already? 'We never asked to be role models': Perrie Edwards says she feels 'pressure' to act responsibly as she joins Little Mix co-stars for sizzling photo shoot I'm a Celebrity... it's getting hot in here! Joel Dommett, Wayne Bridge and Adam Thomas flash their ripped chests in the first jungle shower of the season 'Larry Lamb for Bond!': Twitter left in hysterics as EastEnders star dives into swamp to save Scarlett Moffatt from canoe disaster on I'm A Celebrity PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Hilary buff! Ms Duff puts her sculpted physique on display in a studded bikini during Mexican holiday Let the sunshine! Biggest surprise ever': Pixie Lott reveals she's engaged to long-term love Oliver Cheshire as she shows off dazzling diamond ring on Instagram  Cruel... No not nature's predators - Sir David Attenborough. He used  'rape' of Snow Leopards to make viewers suffer in Planet Earth II, writes JIM SHELLEY  'If your ex has been an a***hole, it's nice to belittle them': Little Mix stars get candid about faking orgasms and shaming former boyfriends in song 'I thought my life would be normal': Hollywood megastar Goldie Hawn says she only ever wanted to get married, have children and run a dance school  Lily Donaldson shows off her cleavage and legs in a daring dress with thigh-high slit at star-studded Evening Standard Theatre Awards Elizabeth Hurley wows in a plunging black dress as she's joined by her very dapper son Damian, 14, for a night at the Evening Standard Theatre Awards  Still part of the family! Billie Piper wows in glam gown as she jokes with ex Laurence Fox's cousin Freddie at the Evening Standard Theatre Awards Margo Stilley flashes her lace bra and hot pants in raunchy sheer dress as she makes rare red carpet appearance at Evening Standard Awards Now James Corden turns his talents to Christmas ads! Sainsbury's enters the fray with an animated commercial featuring singing from the star In a Potter bother! Fantastic Beasts star Eddie Redmayne reveals he got grilled over wand after trying to smuggle it through customs Pucker up! Jesse Metcalfe and fiancee Cara Santana pack on the PDA at their engagement party They got engaged in August after eight years 'Thank you all so much': The X Factor's Sam Lavery shows little emotion as she is latest contestant to be voted off... after tense singing battle with Ryan Lawrie SPOILER ALERT: 'She's not mine!': Rick Grimes makes explosive revelation about 'daughter' on The Walking Dead More trouble ahead Shameless actor Jody Latham is accused of 'terrorising' a former Apprentice star in feud over his ex-fiancee  Appeared at Manchester Magistrates' Court PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Kourtney Kardashian flaunts fabulous figure in skimpy bikini on romantic getaway in Mexico with on/off beau Scott Disick Alexander McQueen's London penthouse hits the market for £8.5 million (complete with bespoke chandeliers, a dining terrace and walk-in dressing rooms)  Lea Michele shimmers in strapless dress as Kristen Bell goes sheer daring in lacy top for Christmas event in LA Black was back at glitzy event 'Wolf with rabies': Teresa Giudice continues taunting Jacqueline Laurita as fiery RHONJ reunion concludes On/off friendship  Happiest place! Singer Ashlee Simpson and hubby Evan Ross enjoy family bonding day with kids at Disneyland Happy every after  Lily James is spring chic in yellow dress and denim jacket as she is seen for first time on set of Baby Driver Filming the crime comedy in Atlanta A man cave for her Tyga? Kylie Jenner stocks a special room with Playboy magazine for 'the boys' at her Hidden Hills mansion Mags and an ashtray Unhappy birthday to you! Glum Anne Hathaway is a lady in red as she heads out for fancy celebratory dinner She had been stumping for Hillary Clinton What a whirl-wand trip! Eddie Redmayne looks exhausted as he lands in London in time for the premiere of Fantastic Beasts after debuting movie in New York Pregnant Katherine Heigl dresses her baby bump with loose fitting tank top at flea market with husband Josh Kelley Looking for baby gifts? Chic but sombre, the Duchess of Cambridge joins Camilla and Sophie Wessex at the Cenotaph on Remembrance Sunday A von Furstenberg coat  EXCLUSIVE: 'He pursued her heavily': I'm A Celeb's Lisa Snowdon 'devastated' to learn footballer ex Jay Bothroyd was married during eight-month affair 'FIRST look': Ruby Rose posts teaser of The Veronicas' new single On Your Side... which details her love story with singer Jess Origliasso  Kate Beckinsale shows off her slim figure in tight top as she attends AFI FEST in Los Angeles Always looks sensational  'He's the Trump of Strictly': Ed Balls divides viewers after Gangnam Style saves him as it's revealed he'll perform a Great Balls of Fire jive in Blackpool You must be jo-KING? EastEnders hardman Danny Dyer makes heir-larious discovery as it's revealed he is a descendant of royalty Cockney royalty Animal attraction! Make-up free Heidi Klum, 43, gets wild with leopard print at a celeb-studded fundraiser in Los Angeles Wild thing She's got some front! Rebecca Hall looks radiant in low-cut patterned dress at AFI Fest in Los Angeles The Christine star paired her unique dress  Sharp-suited Tom Hiddleston arrives at Evening Standard Theatre Awards in good spirits... amid claims Taylor Swift will sing about their breakup Corrie's Beverley Callard 'hasn't met her 11-month-old grandchild' despite living just down the road  Laura Cross made the claims against the star 'People can call me a mug but we are happy': Megan McKenna stands by reunion with Pete Wicks after sexting scandal... and no longer checks his social media 'It's very sad': Iconic soap star Eileen Derbyshire, 85, may not return to Coronation Street after 55-year run Has been absent now for 12 months 'You had me at bonjour': Make-up free Rebecca Gayheart, 45, shows off her clear complexion as she dons cheeky T-shirt at charity event Nikki Reed stuns in white off-the-shoulder patterned top as she attends ACLU dinner in LA The 28-year-old looked gorgeous as ever She's a real page turner! Actress Emma Roberts goes make-up free as she peruses a newsstand in Los Angeles Looked simply chic SPOILER ALERT: Ecstatic Gemma Winter meets lifelong crush Peter Andre as the pop star makes a cameo on Coronation Street Getting star treatment 'I feel so sorry for her': Catherine Tyldesley steps out in a wintry ensemble as she heads to a radio appearance to tease 'heartbreaking' Xmas storyline Hollywood power couple Jennifer Aniston and Justin Theroux go unnoticed in Germany... after saying he makes her feel 'completely adored' Stunning at 70! Goldie Hawn cuts a fabulous figure in silk dress as she makes an appearance ahead of her comedy show in Melbourne Back to her pre-baby best! Kim Kardashian recycles 2009 Princess Jasmine costume for fun with North She worked hard to get  back in pre-baby shape JK's fantastic new hero is just the magic we need: BRIAN VINER on the latest instalment of the Potter franchise  Plenty to say about restablishment stooges Nicole Kidman reunites with her To Die For director Gus Van Sant and co-star Casey Affleck for Variety taping Cult black comedy Coleen Rooney looks glam in an off-the-shoulder top as she enjoys a girls' night out at new Liverpool restaurant Flashed the flesh From Hollywood to Hollyoaks! Dallas star Linda Gray, 76, brings the glam to Chester in first look at her cameo in the Channel 4 soap  An unlikely arrival She's ripped! Kelly Bensimon wears torn blue jeans while out with daughter Thadeus in New York City Stepped out in New York over the weekend Michelle Keegan 'house-hunting in South Africa' as she prepares to spend eight more months away from Mark Wright for Our Girl filming Billy Bob Thornton smokes a cigarette as he touches down in LA after saying ex-wife Angelina Jolie 'seems OK' following Brad Pitt split Hailey Baldwin flaunts her bikini body in a swimsuit before planting a kiss on her female friend Model and daughter of Stephen Baldwin From Ab Flab to Ab Fab! Helen Lederer sheds eight pounds and drops a dress size in just three days after surviving on 400 calories A DAY 'It's about finding the right balance': Marion Cotillard admits she struggles to balance her professional and personal life... after denying Brad romance The good life! Ariel Winter proudly flaunts backside as she twerks in bikini during Mexican holiday with Levi Meaden and pals Continuing her holiday  Feeding the flock! Jennifer Garner and Ben Affleck provide snacks for family church as they bring their children to Sunday service At Pacific Palisades No comment! Kanye West refuses to confirm if he still plans to run for President in 2020  The 39-year-old Life of Pablo artist ignored questions Kanye West launches a new 'unpretentious' range of clothes - but a jumper will still set you back £1,745 and a T-shirt £159 A real man of the people 'You always inspire': Sylvester Stallone presents Jackie Chan with honourary Oscar... as Arnold Schwarzenegger also pays tribute 'I had a good time with dalliances': Robbie Williams jokes about making the most of his fame, how many of the Spice Girls he's REALLY slept with Swift beatz? Pop princess Taylor calls on rumoured rapper flame Drake 'to help give her music a hip-hop vibe' She reportedly wants to sound edgier Puppy love! Sofia Richie shows taut tummy as pal Cameron Dallas carries cute canine at West Hollywood store Enjoyed some dog time Miranda Kerr is the belle of the ball in an exquisite gold gown as she cosies up to sharp-suited fiancé Evan Spiegel at glittering Baby2Baby Gala Geordie Shore's Sophie Kasaei parades her sun-kissed curves on the beach after defending healthy Size 10 figure Showed off her bikini  'I'm no spring chicken': Ex-Strictly professional Ola Jordan, 34, says she's 'not body-confident' despite sneaking SIX sexy bikinis into I'm A Celeb 'I'm not having another baby, so screw you': EastEnders actress Jacqueline Jossa lashes out at cruel trolls who told her she looked pregnant 'He waited outside for her': Pregnant Amy Childs flees event after man 'threatened to punch her' Outside The Ideal Homes Show 'I only do the things I love': Mary Berry confirms filming for her own cooking show... as Bake-Off makers 'head to court over block on Channel 4 rival' 'That smile ain't nothing but a Dream!': Kris Jenner posts adorable snap of Rob Kardashian cradling his new baby girl Latest addition Jessica Alba goes casual chic as she takes her daughters to the Beverly Hills Farmers' Market She is known for her healthy lifestyle Mia Tyler announces she's expecting her first child by sharing picture of her bump First child for the artist, who is the daughter of Aerosmtih's Steven Scarlett Johansson shows off stunning curves in lilac cutaway dress at Ghost In The Shell trailer launch in Japan Glam evening Pamela Anderson cuts a chic figure as she brings MORE snacks to WikiLeaks founder Julian Assange... after he joked that her vegan treats were 'torture' Jamie Foxx has fun on set with Robert Downey Jr and Jeremy Piven as they film All-Star Weekend Revolves around two tow-truck drivers Kurves ahead! Khloe Kardashian shows off her incredible physique in a burnt orange dress as she heads to stylist Monica Rose's baby shower PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Megan Fox and Brian Austin Green take baby Journey and his older brothers on family outing Family united  'I was a bit of a b***ard': Phil Collins admits to cheating on his ex-wife, but says he was just 'following his heart' Regrets the affair 'I had nothing left to give him': Daisy Lowe falls foul of Strictly curse... as she and beau Bradley 'Frankie' Wade couldn't 'cope with the pressure' If you wannabe my mother: Ex-Spice Girl Victoria Beckham 'wants to manage her son Cruz's pop career' Thinks her experiences make her the perfect candidate Rod Stewart's rarely-seen daughter Ruby follows in her father's footsteps as she opens his tour in Liverpool The apple never falls far from the tree From Top Gear to top rear! Little Mix's Leigh-Anne Pinnock teaches Jeremy Clarkson how to twerk on the Jonathan Ross Show Awkward! GIRL ABOUT TOWN: Finally, Jeremy Clarkson is silenced - by the raging wife of Sir Shifty, Lady Green Someone who can stop the motormouth  GIRL ABOUT TOWN: Phasing out the Fogles! Prince William distances himself from Ben Fogle and his wife  Said to be fed up of Ben talking about him in public GIRL ABOUT TOWN: Doctor Who to marry Lady Rose? Besotted Matt Smith to pop the question to girlfriend Lily James by Christmas  Planning trip to New York Still the Princess of Darkness: X Factor judge Sharon Osbourne, 64, flips the bird as she leaves X Factor post-party looking a little worse for wear Outlandish behaviour Parkinson's sufferer Michael J. Fox appears to go Back To The Future with impassioned guitar solo as he leads special gig to support his charity Nicola Peltz flashes her taut abs in a crop top as she opts for an all-black look in Los Angeles Flashed a hint of her abs as she headed out Eye of the tiger, face of an angel: Ageless Madonna, 58, stuns with extremely taut appearance as she leads star-studded UFC fight crowd Kendall Jenner's hangout bar, Emma Stone's beloved salon and Jennifer Aniston's hiking spot: How to ditch the tourist traps and explore LA like a local A-Lister From Baywatch to bag watch: Giddy Kelly Rohrbach shops 'til she drops as she strains under a heavy load Made shopping look like hard work on Saturday PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Kate Upton and fiancé Justin Verlander put on a tactile display on romantic Italian vacation The 24-year-old model kept close in Florence Sheer delight! Nicole Kidman flashes her cleavage in plunging see-through gown at The Governors Awards... before slipping into classic white high-neck dress for later event 'I don't want to say!' Kris Jenner cries as her mother MJ asks her biggest fear in Keeping Up With The Kardashians Welled up on TV Getting some retail therapy! Julianne Moore and friend Laura Dern browse designer dresses at LA boutique  The 55-year-old looked to be in good spirits  'Loved it!' Kelly Clarkson takes baby Remington and daughter River to Disney World River, 2, and Remington, 7 months,  will have been delighted Danniella Westbrook sports new brunette hairdo, but STILL wears a plaster under her nose... amid reports she's suing Celebrity Botched Up Bodies Hard man Mickey Rourke, 64, proves he's a big softy at heart as muscular actor cradles beloved fluffy pooch The age-defying actor, 64, showed off his bulging biceps People wanted to kill me, says Prince Harry's girl: Meghan Markle opens up to PIERS MORGAN about dating, death threats and most embarrassing moment  Bataclan TURNS AWAY Eagles of Death Metal - who were playing when ISIS massacred 90 music fans - as the concert hall reopens a year after the attack with Sting performance Cringing Cowell! Simon is left red-faced after Dermot shares throwback picture of him with a VERY dodgy hairdo on X Factor Giving a gun show too! What happens in Vegas stays still in Vegas! Britney Spears does the Mannequin Challenge to celebrate Sin City success  Flesh-flashing Charlotte Dawson flirts up a storm with new rugby player boyfriend Matt Sarsfield as they're spotted together for the first time Trinny Woodall's 'nightmare' £300,000 divorce battle from beyond the grave: Fashion guru's bizarre High Court battle over her dead ex's debts  Get Me Out Of Here already! Scarlett Moffatt can't contain her disgust as she's forced to canoe through swampy waters in I'm A Celebrity's first grizzly challenge 'Strictly viewers are delighted to spot Mary Berry in the audience... but are reduced to tears as Judge Rinder's granddad wells up on-screen  She's got good jeans! Khloe Kardashian shows off her toned bottom...as she hits out at haters online Addressing all the criticism Frill-seeker! Slimmed-down Tina Malone shows off her TINY size six figure in black flamenco-style dress as she steps out at RTS Awards Disco fever! Leona Lewis oozes 70s glamour in corkscrew curls and plunging sequin gown as she steals the show at animal charity gala in LA Cara Delevingne flashes her abs with a sexy pin-up on her jacket... as she turns her mind to modelling following St Vincent split She had taken a step back from her modelling  Donatella Versace claims that gay male fashion designers create clothes for the 'women they want to be' rather than their customers   Female style icon Rachel Weisz is cosy beneath a bizarre woolly hat  She is famed for starring in cult classic The Mummy, but Rachel Weisz looked like she was almost embalmed  Ready to take the plunge! Ola Jordan glams up before the jungle in a low cut peachy dress as she meets her I'm A Celebrity team mates Slinky Scherzinger! Nicole shows off stunning figure in racy cut out dress on X Factor before changing into JUST a pink jacket for dinner  Chrissy Teigen and daughter Luna host baby shower for celebrity stylist Monica Rose... and Khloe Kardashian and Kris Jenner are on hand too Braided beauty! Cara Delevingne cuts a fashionable flyer in a chic bomber jacket as she touches down at LAX Eyes front, Philip! A playboy prince eyeing up the ladies? Don't worry, Ma'am - it's only a VERY impertinent scene from hit TV show The Crown  What will Ma'am think? Hugh Jackman spotted cosying up with Madonna at UFC title fight in New York  Watched Conor McGregor and Eddie Alvarez battle it out Vin Diesel and Nina Dobrev fuel the hype for xXx: Return of Xander Cage at Los Angeles fan event Diesel, 49, looked every part the action hero  Will Smith is in high spirits as he has a laugh on set for upcoming fantasy film Bright Will Smith spent his Saturday hard at work on his forthcoming fantasy thriller Bright Liquid gold! Lily Collins oozes class in backless satin gown at the Academy's Governors Awards in Hollywood Perhaps Lily Collins had her sights set on a gold statue Blue bombshell! Bryce Dallas Howard stuns at star-studded Weinstein Company party featuring Matthew McConaughey A real showstopper All-natural beauty! Jenna Dewan is pretty in pink with husband Channing Tatum at Baby2Baby Gala in Los Angeles  Had her black locks parted in the middle Kate Hudson shines in gold number as she poses with Matthew McConaughey and wife Camila at Baby2Baby Gala Sheerly amazing! Jessica Alba stuns in partially transparent black gown for star-studded Baby2Baby Gala in Los Angeles Charity that supports babies in need In the navy! Jennifer Garner is beautiful in blue as she stuns on red carpet of Baby2Baby Gala in LA The 44-year-old actress looked beautiful in blue Bella Thorne is epitome of casual chic in Daisy Dukes and snakeskin boots before slipping into crop top and ripped jeans Two different outfits 'Bonding with mommy!' Blac Chyna breastfeeds daughter Dream in newborn baby's first tweet Created an Instagram account in baby's name Blac Chyna's mother Tokyo Toni shows charitable side as she promotes food drive after second grandchild is born Tokyo Toni is feeling charitable  Pretty in pattern! Emma Stone and Michelle Williams wow in sparkling gowns for the eighth annual Governors Awards in Hollywood The actresses arrived dressed to the nines Demi Lovato holds hands with rumoured MMA fighter beau Luke Rockhold as they arrive to UFC 205 in New York It's been the worst kept celebrity couple secret for a while now Head Start to Home Cooked Get Recipes more SHARE PICTURE Copy link to paste in your message Find out more... Find out more... Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Network This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Syndication Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
  Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Wires Home My Profile Logout Login Feedback DailyMail NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad Merck reports 19.6 pct jump in quarterly profit By Reuters Published: 06:58 EST, 25 October 2016 | Updated: 06:58 EST, 25 October 2016 e-mail Oct 25 - Merck & Co Inc reported a 19.6 percent rise in quarterly net profit, driven primarily by higher demand for its new cancer drug Keytruda. Net income attributable rose to $2.18 billion, or 78 cents per share, for the third quarter from $1.83 billion, or 64 cents per share, a year earlier. Revenue rose to $10.54 billion from $10.07 billion. Merck is betting on Keytruda to boost earnings as demand wanes for its diabetes franchise, Januvia and a related combination medicine called Janumet, and Remicade arthritis drug. The company said on Monday the U.S. Food and Drug Administration approved Keytruda for use in certain previously untreated lung cancer patients, making it the only approved first-line treatment. (Reporting by Ankur Banerjee in Bengaluru; Editing by Sriraj Kalluvila) Share or comment on this article e-mail Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article. Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail     DON'T MISS 'She's modified her face beyond all recognition!' Carol Vorderman, 55, stuns viewers after exhibiting 'frozen' complexion on I'm A Celeb It's getting hot in here! Ola Jordan shows off her dancer's body in tiny red bikini as she hits the jungle shower with Sam Quek and Scarlett Moffatt on I'm a Celeb Carol Vorderman, 55, strips down to a VERY racy swimsuit on I'm A Celeb...as 'happily single' star tells campmates 'I do alright' when it comes to men She looks to be doing just fine! Kim Kardashian's friend shares rare photo of reality star recluse as she dresses up in belly dancer costume for fun Ashley James puts on a eye-popping display in an itsy-bitsy bikini as she soaks up the sun on the beach in Ibiza Making the most of the sun 'It's me or the wardrobe!' Frankie Gaff gives Jamie Laing an ultimatum. He found living with her and her 'floordrobe' too much to bear on Made In Chelsea, by Jim Shelley  Cor (rie) blimey! Helen Flanagan showcases her incredible figure in a racy cut-out bikini as she holidays in Dubai with boyfriend Scott Sinclair Chloe Ferry reportedly FIRED from Geordie Shore after 'kicking new housemate Zahida Allen in the head'  The 21-year-old was shown the door Now that's a lesson in style! Myleene Klass exposes her cleavage in plunging jumpsuit as she leads the red carpet glamour at School of Rock press night She's proud of that booty! Khloe Kardashian flaunts her derriere as she does squats at the gym Taking after her bigger sister (in both senses) Real men wear pink! Brooklyn Beckham follows in his mother Victoria's fashionable footsteps as he makes a statement with pink beanie hat Frankie Bridge is the picture of elegance in plunging patterned gown at Virgin awards... after her husband Wayne makes I'm A Celebrity debut PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Tom Hiddleston steps out with a pretty blonde Taylor Swift lookalike... two months after split with pop star Flashed a beaming grin She needs a nap! Pregnant Marion Cotillard looks weary during LA dinner after tirelessly promoting Brad Pitt WWII film Allied Struggling Holly Willoughby is close to tears on This Morning as a distraught mother breaks down over her son's planned suicide during bullying phone-in The Eighties called! Sheridan Smith is unrecognisable as a busty brunette on set of the movie adaptation of comic Jo Brand's book As schizophrenic mum Newly-engaged Pixie Lott can barely contain her glee as she heads to jewellers hours after fiancé Oliver Cheshire popped the question What a gem!  Emma Watson stars as Belle in the first trailer for Disney's long-awaited live action remake of Beauty And The Beast Looks stunning Choosing her prince wasn't ALWAYS such an easy choice! Meghan Markle giggles as she is asked to pick either William or Harry months before romance She's a good sport! Gigi Hadid tries her hand at table tennis as she makes a sweeping entrance at VIP dinner in stylish satin jumpsuit In high spirits 'Worst thing I've ever done': I'm A Celeb's Scarlett, Jordan, Ola and Sam do Bushtucker Trial featuring 120,000 critters... as Moffatt is voted in first From refurbished iPads to a good-as-new Sony PS4: Ways to save money on your children's gifts this Christmas (without any fewer smiles!) SPONSORED Make-up free Coleen Rooney flaunts her trim figure in semi-sheer mesh workout gear as she hits the gym Making the most of her free time Demure Dita! Burlesque extraordinaire Von Teese steps out in modest black polo neck and ornate silver skirt for evening in London Jessica Simpson's father Joe, 58, confirms he has prostate cancer and has already undergone surgery 'He's feeling great now and is optimistic' 'It's like we get a little bit of dad back': Bindi Irwin says she remembers her dad the best every time she puts on her Australia Zoo uniform Not very ladylike! Lady Victoria Hervey, 40, displays more than expected as she flashes perky assets when risqué swimsuit unfastens Dapper Brad Pitt takes selfies with adoring fans at Allied screening in China... as he returns to the public eye after split with Angelina Jolie In better spirits again 'She works really hard': X Factor's Sam Lavery defends Honey G after elimination... as rapper faces backlash for surviving ANOTHER week 'He's such a good man': Marion Cotillard gushes about Allied co-star Brad Pitt... after shooting down rumours of an on set romance Caught up in split Naomi Campbell speaks for the first time about what it means to be black and British and joins other famous stars who were told to limit their ambitions due to their skin colour Take that! Bella Hadid throws a punch as she works out in boxing class after split from The Weeknd Was snug in her black, oversize fuzzy jacket  Girl time! Bella Thorne and Demi Lovato don skinny jeans as they catch up over lunch at the trendy Urth Caffe They both have new romances 'I had a bit of a nervous breakdown' Ryan Reynolds admits secret battle with anxiety as he's named GQ's Man of the Year He's filming Deadpool Coy Khloe Kardashian attempts to go incognito in huge hoodie as she steps out in wake of Tristan Thompson split rumours  Looked glum 'I gave up my career for a really long time': Ayda Field admits she TURNED DOWN a major US TV show to be with husband Robbie Williams 'It was very romantic': Goldie Hawn gets VERY candid about her and Kurt Russell's sex life and discusses split with ex husband Bill Hudson In Aspen, Colorado,  'Fame is the best drug': Lady Gaga opens up about her addiction to stardom as she covers Harper's Bazaar She penned an open essay to the magazine Twice the star power! Madonna puckers up as she and Zac Efron take selfies together at UFC's Connor McGregor star-studded fight Lucky Star 20 years and counting! Ant and Dec sign new three-year deal with ITV marking a landmark anniversary with the channel and promising more I'm A Celeb and BGT until at least 2019 'It's really awkward': Girl On The Train star Haley Bennett on being constantly mistaken for Jennifer Lawrence There is an uncanny likeness 'I lost Jack': Natalie Portman is a heartbroken First Lady after JFK's assassination in emotionally charged trailer for Jackie Natalie Portman flatters her pregnant figure in a striped T-shirt as she runs errands A regular errand-running day, despite the relsease of a mega-bucks trailer Waiting on mom! Jennifer Garner grabs breakfast while Ben Affleck and son Samuel goof around in their car The amicable exes appeared to be relaxed  'I could write a book on back problems!': Duncan James confirms he is fit and well after sudden visit to A&E... five months after emergency surgery on his spine Post election blues: Alec Baldwin looks depressed as he strolls with family before accusing NBC of not allowing SNL to endorse Hillary Clinton Back to her Mean Girls roots! Lindsay Lohan shows off new red locks reminiscent of her infamous movie character in cosy Instagram selfie Showdown! Exes Justin Bieber and Selena Gomez will compete for Artist Of The Year at the American Music Awards On November 20 It's only three weeks old! Amber Rose can't hide her horror as her brand new $371k Rolls-Royce gets rear-ended 'It's awesome!' Hailee Steinfeld opens up about being part of Taylor Swift's squad as she flashes her bra for magazine cover Gave glimpse of her bra 'I felt isolated': Robbie Williams describes the roller coaster ride with drugs, drink and depression that almost killed him... as he gets tearful over his daughter Hat's the way to do it! TOWIE's George Harrison flaunts her enviably svelte figure in a sizzling cut-out monokini as she enjoys a beach break in Spain 'Let's keep fighting to make it a better world for our children': Katie Holmes shares rare photo of daughter Suri with powerful message A productive playdate 'Sort your jaw out!' Vicky Pattison is slammed for 'gurning' on I'm A Celeb Extra Camp... as she mistakes show for Xtra Factor in awkward blunder 'I'm heartbroken, but proud of myself': Daisy Lowe flashes her toned abs in a crop top as she puts on a brave face after Strictly elimination  Put on a brave face 'She's built like a woman': Tommy Hilfiger praises 'smart, funny and humble' Gigi Hadid as he shows off his luxury New York apartment  'The 80s are back!' Luke Hemsworth channels He-Man for retro birthday bash with brother Liam and Miley Cyrus Time is rolling back 'They eat and stargaze': Sean Penn gripes about celebs who attend his foundation's annual gala... but don't donate a cent Looking rugged Ariel Winter posts a VERY cheeky Instagram snap from her Mexican holiday with Levi Meaden and pals Certainly making a splash 'We had good gossip': Courtney Love reveals unlikely friendship with Hillary Clinton... after meeting as they got their hair cut at same salon They met in 1988 'Being right sucks': The Simpsons poke fun at themselves in opening credits of first episode since Trump's election after predicting his presidency 16 years ago Young And The Restless star Corey Sligh, 28, arrested for molesting a girl under the age of 10 in Georgia The arrest took place on October 14 in Georgia Pretty as a petal! Jaime King looks ultra feminine in romantic lace gown at intimate fashion dinner She was certainly the belle of the ball EXCLUSIVE: How Andy Cohen refused an invitation into Cher's bedroom and fuelleda feud between Mariah Carey and Jennifer Lopez Catherine Tyldesley flaunts her toned legs in skintight jeans as she presents radio show... after teasing Corrie's 'heartbreaking' Christmas storyline 'Why are you in, miss? You're a millionaire!' GBBO champ Candice Brown reveals pupils were shocked to see her return to her job as a PE teacher after win Off-duty beauty: Lottie Moss goes make-up free and rocks a casual outfit as she jets out of Barcelona after a girls' weekend  Bare faced chic She's a peach! Adriana Lima flaunts her lean bronzed limbs in pretty floral mini dress as she shops in Miami  Turned sidewalk into her catwalk Nick Knowles moves into estranged wife Jessica's home following 'traumatic' split 11 months ago... after admitting they 'are working through things' 'I've NEVER eaten a takeaway': Mary Berry shares her biggest foodie secrets (and reveals what husband Paul will be getting her for Christmas this year) Secrets of an A-list body: We reveal how YOU can get Mark Wahlberg's pecs The 45-year-old actor is renowned for his toned pecs LeAnn Rimes holds hands with husband Eddie Cibrian as they reunite with his ex-wife Brandi Glanville at son's soccer match Families united Ola Jordan keeps her lace dress ON as she sets up camp in I'm A Celeb... as jealous husband James warns about hitting on his 'firecracker' 'He has never taken responsibility for her': I'm A Celebrity's Larry Lamb 'has a secret daughter who he had at 21... and hasn't seen for 46 years'  'She just didn't even try': Former I'm A Celeb winner Charlie Brooks calls out Helen Flanagan for being 'the worst' campmate at bushtucker trials 'I don't know if it was dancing or a seizure': Cheeky Robbie Williams gives mother-in-law Gwen harsh critique as she dances to Pray on Loose Women Jesy Nelson is seen without her engagement ring AGAIN during Sydney trip... as speculation heightens over 'split' from fiancé Jake Roche PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Hilary Duff shows off her fit figure in a skimpy bikini while on holiday with boyfriend Jason Walsh in Puerto Vallarta  Feeling the heat 'There's so much I wish I could thank him for, just one last time': Leonard Cohen's son writes emotional tribute to his father following his death aged 82 Did Kendall Jenner quit Instagram? Model's account no longer available after ballerina outrage Following Kim's lead and taking a break? Jailed Apollo Nida set to return to Real Housewives Of Atlanta with his new FIANCEE (but what will Phaedra Parks say?) Serving eight years Millie Mackintosh shows off her abs in a berry bikini as she models for boyfriend Hugo Taylor's sunglasses line in Mauritius Wish you were here? Final plans for Leonardo DiCaprio's ultra-luxury private eco resort on 104-acre island off Belize are released  Bought in 2005 'It's been challenging, but like Alan Partridge, I'm bouncing back': Tony Blackburn opens up about returning to BBC radio months after being sacked  'She should be ashamed of herself!' Sharon Osbourne is slammed on Twitter as X Factor fans accuse her of changing her mind at the last minute In need of a drink? Simon Cowell clutches a bottle of beer as he leaves The X Factor with Lauren Silverman after Honey G survives ANOTHER week Getting the after-party started! Dita Von Teese, Dominic Cooper and Ophelia Lovibond let loose at the Evening Standard Theatre Awards Madonna's age gap... between her face and hand: Wrinkled mitts give away the singer's age as she attends UFC bout in New York  Unable to disguise age Chic Julia Roberts is every inch the stylish soccer mom in low-key skinny jeans and a hat as she cheers on her kids Low-key superstar 'You could bleed to death': Kris Jenner warns Kim Kardashian about seeking third natural pregnancy on KUWTK Hard to take in Chrissy Teigen oozes retro glamour in a super-plunging Seventies-style jumpsuit as Fergie goes for a sheer mini at intimate fashion dinner Lindsay Lohan at the centre of a battery case as 'two Russians assault a man accused of spreading rumours about her' More drama The People v OJ Simpson leads the way with six Critics' Choice Awards nominations... as Game Of Thrones gets five Booty-ful day at the beach! Larsa Pippen shows off her fit figure in plunging white swimsuit while sunbathing in Miami Kim K's BFF A head for heights! Carol Vorderman leads the way as she conquers terrifying 300ft walk above city in I'm A Celebrity's first Bushtucker Trial   Ultimate flashing champion! Newly-single Bella Hadid shows off her bra in sheer top as she goes hell for leather on way to Conor McGregor fight EXCLUSIVE: 'I didn't want to leave the house': Frankie Essex says fitness helped her combat depression... as she reveals remarkable weight loss in a bikini 'Who is voting for her?' Honey G faces fresh backlash as talented act Sam Lavery leaves and farcical X Factor rapper isn't even in bottom two Could she win? Wild thing! Busty Ashley James sets pulses racing in a barely-there leopard print bikini as she jets off to Malta Series of sizzling snaps Daisy Lowe misses out on Blackpool as she is voted off Strictly after a  dance off against Greg Rutherford... but Ed Balls sails through again in  Gangnam Style Khloe Kardashian posts cryptic Instagram message amid speculation she's split with new beau Tristan Thompson Over already? 'We never asked to be role models': Perrie Edwards says she feels 'pressure' to act responsibly as she joins Little Mix co-stars for sizzling photo shoot I'm a Celebrity... it's getting hot in here! Joel Dommett, Wayne Bridge and Adam Thomas flash their ripped chests in the first jungle shower of the season 'Larry Lamb for Bond!': Twitter left in hysterics as EastEnders star dives into swamp to save Scarlett Moffatt from canoe disaster on I'm A Celebrity PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Hilary buff! Ms Duff puts her sculpted physique on display in a studded bikini during Mexican holiday Let the sunshine! Biggest surprise ever': Pixie Lott reveals she's engaged to long-term love Oliver Cheshire as she shows off dazzling diamond ring on Instagram  Cruel... No not nature's predators - Sir David Attenborough. He used  'rape' of Snow Leopards to make viewers suffer in Planet Earth II, writes JIM SHELLEY  'If your ex has been an a***hole, it's nice to belittle them': Little Mix stars get candid about faking orgasms and shaming former boyfriends in song 'I thought my life would be normal': Hollywood megastar Goldie Hawn says she only ever wanted to get married, have children and run a dance school  Lily Donaldson shows off her cleavage and legs in a daring dress with thigh-high slit at star-studded Evening Standard Theatre Awards Elizabeth Hurley wows in a plunging black dress as she's joined by her very dapper son Damian, 14, for a night at the Evening Standard Theatre Awards  Still part of the family! Billie Piper wows in glam gown as she jokes with ex Laurence Fox's cousin Freddie at the Evening Standard Theatre Awards Margo Stilley flashes her lace bra and hot pants in raunchy sheer dress as she makes rare red carpet appearance at Evening Standard Awards Now James Corden turns his talents to Christmas ads! Sainsbury's enters the fray with an animated commercial featuring singing from the star In a Potter bother! Fantastic Beasts star Eddie Redmayne reveals he got grilled over wand after trying to smuggle it through customs Pucker up! Jesse Metcalfe and fiancee Cara Santana pack on the PDA at their engagement party They got engaged in August after eight years 'Thank you all so much': The X Factor's Sam Lavery shows little emotion as she is latest contestant to be voted off... after tense singing battle with Ryan Lawrie SPOILER ALERT: 'She's not mine!': Rick Grimes makes explosive revelation about 'daughter' on The Walking Dead More trouble ahead Shameless actor Jody Latham is accused of 'terrorising' a former Apprentice star in feud over his ex-fiancee  Appeared at Manchester Magistrates' Court PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Kourtney Kardashian flaunts fabulous figure in skimpy bikini on romantic getaway in Mexico with on/off beau Scott Disick Alexander McQueen's London penthouse hits the market for £8.5 million (complete with bespoke chandeliers, a dining terrace and walk-in dressing rooms)  Lea Michele shimmers in strapless dress as Kristen Bell goes sheer daring in lacy top for Christmas event in LA Black was back at glitzy event 'Wolf with rabies': Teresa Giudice continues taunting Jacqueline Laurita as fiery RHONJ reunion concludes On/off friendship  Happiest place! Singer Ashlee Simpson and hubby Evan Ross enjoy family bonding day with kids at Disneyland Happy every after  Lily James is spring chic in yellow dress and denim jacket as she is seen for first time on set of Baby Driver Filming the crime comedy in Atlanta A man cave for her Tyga? Kylie Jenner stocks a special room with Playboy magazine for 'the boys' at her Hidden Hills mansion Mags and an ashtray Unhappy birthday to you! Glum Anne Hathaway is a lady in red as she heads out for fancy celebratory dinner She had been stumping for Hillary Clinton What a whirl-wand trip! Eddie Redmayne looks exhausted as he lands in London in time for the premiere of Fantastic Beasts after debuting movie in New York Pregnant Katherine Heigl dresses her baby bump with loose fitting tank top at flea market with husband Josh Kelley Looking for baby gifts? Chic but sombre, the Duchess of Cambridge joins Camilla and Sophie Wessex at the Cenotaph on Remembrance Sunday A von Furstenberg coat  EXCLUSIVE: 'He pursued her heavily': I'm A Celeb's Lisa Snowdon 'devastated' to learn footballer ex Jay Bothroyd was married during eight-month affair 'FIRST look': Ruby Rose posts teaser of The Veronicas' new single On Your Side... which details her love story with singer Jess Origliasso  Kate Beckinsale shows off her slim figure in tight top as she attends AFI FEST in Los Angeles Always looks sensational  'He's the Trump of Strictly': Ed Balls divides viewers after Gangnam Style saves him as it's revealed he'll perform a Great Balls of Fire jive in Blackpool You must be jo-KING? EastEnders hardman Danny Dyer makes heir-larious discovery as it's revealed he is a descendant of royalty Cockney royalty Animal attraction! Make-up free Heidi Klum, 43, gets wild with leopard print at a celeb-studded fundraiser in Los Angeles Wild thing She's got some front! Rebecca Hall looks radiant in low-cut patterned dress at AFI Fest in Los Angeles The Christine star paired her unique dress  Sharp-suited Tom Hiddleston arrives at Evening Standard Theatre Awards in good spirits... amid claims Taylor Swift will sing about their breakup Corrie's Beverley Callard 'hasn't met her 11-month-old grandchild' despite living just down the road  Laura Cross made the claims against the star 'People can call me a mug but we are happy': Megan McKenna stands by reunion with Pete Wicks after sexting scandal... and no longer checks his social media 'It's very sad': Iconic soap star Eileen Derbyshire, 85, may not return to Coronation Street after 55-year run Has been absent now for 12 months 'You had me at bonjour': Make-up free Rebecca Gayheart, 45, shows off her clear complexion as she dons cheeky T-shirt at charity event Nikki Reed stuns in white off-the-shoulder patterned top as she attends ACLU dinner in LA The 28-year-old looked gorgeous as ever She's a real page turner! Actress Emma Roberts goes make-up free as she peruses a newsstand in Los Angeles Looked simply chic SPOILER ALERT: Ecstatic Gemma Winter meets lifelong crush Peter Andre as the pop star makes a cameo on Coronation Street Getting star treatment 'I feel so sorry for her': Catherine Tyldesley steps out in a wintry ensemble as she heads to a radio appearance to tease 'heartbreaking' Xmas storyline Hollywood power couple Jennifer Aniston and Justin Theroux go unnoticed in Germany... after saying he makes her feel 'completely adored' Stunning at 70! Goldie Hawn cuts a fabulous figure in silk dress as she makes an appearance ahead of her comedy show in Melbourne Back to her pre-baby best! Kim Kardashian recycles 2009 Princess Jasmine costume for fun with North She worked hard to get  back in pre-baby shape JK's fantastic new hero is just the magic we need: BRIAN VINER on the latest instalment of the Potter franchise  Plenty to say about restablishment stooges Nicole Kidman reunites with her To Die For director Gus Van Sant and co-star Casey Affleck for Variety taping Cult black comedy Coleen Rooney looks glam in an off-the-shoulder top as she enjoys a girls' night out at new Liverpool restaurant Flashed the flesh From Hollywood to Hollyoaks! Dallas star Linda Gray, 76, brings the glam to Chester in first look at her cameo in the Channel 4 soap  An unlikely arrival She's ripped! Kelly Bensimon wears torn blue jeans while out with daughter Thadeus in New York City Stepped out in New York over the weekend Michelle Keegan 'house-hunting in South Africa' as she prepares to spend eight more months away from Mark Wright for Our Girl filming Billy Bob Thornton smokes a cigarette as he touches down in LA after saying ex-wife Angelina Jolie 'seems OK' following Brad Pitt split Hailey Baldwin flaunts her bikini body in a swimsuit before planting a kiss on her female friend Model and daughter of Stephen Baldwin From Ab Flab to Ab Fab! Helen Lederer sheds eight pounds and drops a dress size in just three days after surviving on 400 calories A DAY 'It's about finding the right balance': Marion Cotillard admits she struggles to balance her professional and personal life... after denying Brad romance The good life! Ariel Winter proudly flaunts backside as she twerks in bikini during Mexican holiday with Levi Meaden and pals Continuing her holiday  Feeding the flock! Jennifer Garner and Ben Affleck provide snacks for family church as they bring their children to Sunday service At Pacific Palisades No comment! Kanye West refuses to confirm if he still plans to run for President in 2020  The 39-year-old Life of Pablo artist ignored questions Kanye West launches a new 'unpretentious' range of clothes - but a jumper will still set you back £1,745 and a T-shirt £159 A real man of the people 'You always inspire': Sylvester Stallone presents Jackie Chan with honourary Oscar... as Arnold Schwarzenegger also pays tribute 'I had a good time with dalliances': Robbie Williams jokes about making the most of his fame, how many of the Spice Girls he's REALLY slept with Swift beatz? Pop princess Taylor calls on rumoured rapper flame Drake 'to help give her music a hip-hop vibe' She reportedly wants to sound edgier Puppy love! Sofia Richie shows taut tummy as pal Cameron Dallas carries cute canine at West Hollywood store Enjoyed some dog time Miranda Kerr is the belle of the ball in an exquisite gold gown as she cosies up to sharp-suited fiancé Evan Spiegel at glittering Baby2Baby Gala Geordie Shore's Sophie Kasaei parades her sun-kissed curves on the beach after defending healthy Size 10 figure Showed off her bikini  'I'm no spring chicken': Ex-Strictly professional Ola Jordan, 34, says she's 'not body-confident' despite sneaking SIX sexy bikinis into I'm A Celeb 'I'm not having another baby, so screw you': EastEnders actress Jacqueline Jossa lashes out at cruel trolls who told her she looked pregnant 'He waited outside for her': Pregnant Amy Childs flees event after man 'threatened to punch her' Outside The Ideal Homes Show 'I only do the things I love': Mary Berry confirms filming for her own cooking show... as Bake-Off makers 'head to court over block on Channel 4 rival' 'That smile ain't nothing but a Dream!': Kris Jenner posts adorable snap of Rob Kardashian cradling his new baby girl Latest addition Jessica Alba goes casual chic as she takes her daughters to the Beverly Hills Farmers' Market She is known for her healthy lifestyle Mia Tyler announces she's expecting her first child by sharing picture of her bump First child for the artist, who is the daughter of Aerosmtih's Steven Scarlett Johansson shows off stunning curves in lilac cutaway dress at Ghost In The Shell trailer launch in Japan Glam evening Pamela Anderson cuts a chic figure as she brings MORE snacks to WikiLeaks founder Julian Assange... after he joked that her vegan treats were 'torture' Jamie Foxx has fun on set with Robert Downey Jr and Jeremy Piven as they film All-Star Weekend Revolves around two tow-truck drivers Kurves ahead! Khloe Kardashian shows off her incredible physique in a burnt orange dress as she heads to stylist Monica Rose's baby shower PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Megan Fox and Brian Austin Green take baby Journey and his older brothers on family outing Family united  'I was a bit of a b***ard': Phil Collins admits to cheating on his ex-wife, but says he was just 'following his heart' Regrets the affair 'I had nothing left to give him': Daisy Lowe falls foul of Strictly curse... as she and beau Bradley 'Frankie' Wade couldn't 'cope with the pressure' If you wannabe my mother: Ex-Spice Girl Victoria Beckham 'wants to manage her son Cruz's pop career' Thinks her experiences make her the perfect candidate Rod Stewart's rarely-seen daughter Ruby follows in her father's footsteps as she opens his tour in Liverpool The apple never falls far from the tree From Top Gear to top rear! Little Mix's Leigh-Anne Pinnock teaches Jeremy Clarkson how to twerk on the Jonathan Ross Show Awkward! GIRL ABOUT TOWN: Finally, Jeremy Clarkson is silenced - by the raging wife of Sir Shifty, Lady Green Someone who can stop the motormouth  GIRL ABOUT TOWN: Phasing out the Fogles! Prince William distances himself from Ben Fogle and his wife  Said to be fed up of Ben talking about him in public GIRL ABOUT TOWN: Doctor Who to marry Lady Rose? Besotted Matt Smith to pop the question to girlfriend Lily James by Christmas  Planning trip to New York Still the Princess of Darkness: X Factor judge Sharon Osbourne, 64, flips the bird as she leaves X Factor post-party looking a little worse for wear Outlandish behaviour Parkinson's sufferer Michael J. Fox appears to go Back To The Future with impassioned guitar solo as he leads special gig to support his charity Nicola Peltz flashes her taut abs in a crop top as she opts for an all-black look in Los Angeles Flashed a hint of her abs as she headed out Eye of the tiger, face of an angel: Ageless Madonna, 58, stuns with extremely taut appearance as she leads star-studded UFC fight crowd Kendall Jenner's hangout bar, Emma Stone's beloved salon and Jennifer Aniston's hiking spot: How to ditch the tourist traps and explore LA like a local A-Lister From Baywatch to bag watch: Giddy Kelly Rohrbach shops 'til she drops as she strains under a heavy load Made shopping look like hard work on Saturday PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Kate Upton and fiancé Justin Verlander put on a tactile display on romantic Italian vacation The 24-year-old model kept close in Florence Sheer delight! Nicole Kidman flashes her cleavage in plunging see-through gown at The Governors Awards... before slipping into classic white high-neck dress for later event 'I don't want to say!' Kris Jenner cries as her mother MJ asks her biggest fear in Keeping Up With The Kardashians Welled up on TV Getting some retail therapy! Julianne Moore and friend Laura Dern browse designer dresses at LA boutique  The 55-year-old looked to be in good spirits  'Loved it!' Kelly Clarkson takes baby Remington and daughter River to Disney World River, 2, and Remington, 7 months,  will have been delighted Danniella Westbrook sports new brunette hairdo, but STILL wears a plaster under her nose... amid reports she's suing Celebrity Botched Up Bodies Hard man Mickey Rourke, 64, proves he's a big softy at heart as muscular actor cradles beloved fluffy pooch The age-defying actor, 64, showed off his bulging biceps People wanted to kill me, says Prince Harry's girl: Meghan Markle opens up to PIERS MORGAN about dating, death threats and most embarrassing moment  Bataclan TURNS AWAY Eagles of Death Metal - who were playing when ISIS massacred 90 music fans - as the concert hall reopens a year after the attack with Sting performance Cringing Cowell! Simon is left red-faced after Dermot shares throwback picture of him with a VERY dodgy hairdo on X Factor Giving a gun show too! What happens in Vegas stays still in Vegas! Britney Spears does the Mannequin Challenge to celebrate Sin City success  Flesh-flashing Charlotte Dawson flirts up a storm with new rugby player boyfriend Matt Sarsfield as they're spotted together for the first time Trinny Woodall's 'nightmare' £300,000 divorce battle from beyond the grave: Fashion guru's bizarre High Court battle over her dead ex's debts  Get Me Out Of Here already! Scarlett Moffatt can't contain her disgust as she's forced to canoe through swampy waters in I'm A Celebrity's first grizzly challenge 'Strictly viewers are delighted to spot Mary Berry in the audience... but are reduced to tears as Judge Rinder's granddad wells up on-screen  She's got good jeans! Khloe Kardashian shows off her toned bottom...as she hits out at haters online Addressing all the criticism Frill-seeker! Slimmed-down Tina Malone shows off her TINY size six figure in black flamenco-style dress as she steps out at RTS Awards Disco fever! Leona Lewis oozes 70s glamour in corkscrew curls and plunging sequin gown as she steals the show at animal charity gala in LA Cara Delevingne flashes her abs with a sexy pin-up on her jacket... as she turns her mind to modelling following St Vincent split She had taken a step back from her modelling  Donatella Versace claims that gay male fashion designers create clothes for the 'women they want to be' rather than their customers   Female style icon Rachel Weisz is cosy beneath a bizarre woolly hat  She is famed for starring in cult classic The Mummy, but Rachel Weisz looked like she was almost embalmed  Ready to take the plunge! Ola Jordan glams up before the jungle in a low cut peachy dress as she meets her I'm A Celebrity team mates Slinky Scherzinger! Nicole shows off stunning figure in racy cut out dress on X Factor before changing into JUST a pink jacket for dinner  Chrissy Teigen and daughter Luna host baby shower for celebrity stylist Monica Rose... and Khloe Kardashian and Kris Jenner are on hand too Braided beauty! Cara Delevingne cuts a fashionable flyer in a chic bomber jacket as she touches down at LAX Eyes front, Philip! A playboy prince eyeing up the ladies? Don't worry, Ma'am - it's only a VERY impertinent scene from hit TV show The Crown  What will Ma'am think? Hugh Jackman spotted cosying up with Madonna at UFC title fight in New York  Watched Conor McGregor and Eddie Alvarez battle it out Vin Diesel and Nina Dobrev fuel the hype for xXx: Return of Xander Cage at Los Angeles fan event Diesel, 49, looked every part the action hero  Will Smith is in high spirits as he has a laugh on set for upcoming fantasy film Bright Will Smith spent his Saturday hard at work on his forthcoming fantasy thriller Bright Liquid gold! Lily Collins oozes class in backless satin gown at the Academy's Governors Awards in Hollywood Perhaps Lily Collins had her sights set on a gold statue Blue bombshell! Bryce Dallas Howard stuns at star-studded Weinstein Company party featuring Matthew McConaughey A real showstopper All-natural beauty! Jenna Dewan is pretty in pink with husband Channing Tatum at Baby2Baby Gala in Los Angeles  Had her black locks parted in the middle Kate Hudson shines in gold number as she poses with Matthew McConaughey and wife Camila at Baby2Baby Gala Sheerly amazing! Jessica Alba stuns in partially transparent black gown for star-studded Baby2Baby Gala in Los Angeles Charity that supports babies in need In the navy! Jennifer Garner is beautiful in blue as she stuns on red carpet of Baby2Baby Gala in LA The 44-year-old actress looked beautiful in blue Bella Thorne is epitome of casual chic in Daisy Dukes and snakeskin boots before slipping into crop top and ripped jeans Two different outfits 'Bonding with mommy!' Blac Chyna breastfeeds daughter Dream in newborn baby's first tweet Created an Instagram account in baby's name Blac Chyna's mother Tokyo Toni shows charitable side as she promotes food drive after second grandchild is born Tokyo Toni is feeling charitable  Pretty in pattern! Emma Stone and Michelle Williams wow in sparkling gowns for the eighth annual Governors Awards in Hollywood The actresses arrived dressed to the nines Demi Lovato holds hands with rumoured MMA fighter beau Luke Rockhold as they arrive to UFC 205 in New York It's been the worst kept celebrity couple secret for a while now Head Start to Home Cooked Get Recipes more SHARE PICTURE Copy link to paste in your message Find out more... Find out more... Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Network This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Syndication Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      


Skip to Content Search: All AllConsumerProfessionalPill IDInteractionsNewsFDA AlertsApprovalsPipelineClinical TrialsCare NotesEncyclopediaDictionaryNatural Products Browse all medications: a b c d e f g h i j k l m n o p q r s t u v w x y z Advanced Search Topics & Tools Facebook Twitter Google Plus Sign In Sign In Register Menu Close Account Sign In Register Now Drugs A-Z A-Z Drug Index Drugs by Condition Drugs by Class Generic Drugs OTC Drugs International Drugs Natural Products Veterinary Products Info en Español Drug Side Effects Dosage Guides Pregnancy Warnings Breastfeeding Warnings Pricing & Coupons Inactive Ingredients Advanced Search Phonetic Search Pill Identifier Interactions Checker News Q & A Pro Edition Apps More Videos Slideshows Mobile Apps Pricing & Coupon Guide Facebook Twitter Google Plus YouTube Home › News › New Drugs › FDA Approves... Print Share All News Consumer Pharma New Drugs Pipeline Clinical Trials FDA Alerts FDA Approves Merck’s Keytruda (pembrolizumab) for First-Line Treatment of Certain Patients with Metastatic Non-Small Cell Lung Cancer Tweet KENILWORTH, N.J.--(BUSINESS WIRE) October 24, 2016 --Merck (NYSE: MRK), known as MSD outside the United States and Canada, today announced that the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) has approved Keytruda (pembrolizumab), the company’s anti-PD-1 (programmed death receptor-1) therapy, for the first-line treatment of patients with metastatic non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC) whose tumors have high PD-L1 expression (tumor proportion score [TPS] of 50 percent or more) as determined by an FDA-approved test, with no EGFR or ALK genomic tumor aberrations. With this new indication, Keytruda is now the only anti-PD-1 therapy to be approved in the first-line treatment setting for these patients. In addition, the FDA approved a labeling update to include data from KEYNOTE-010 in the second-line or greater treatment setting for patients with metastatic NSCLC whose tumors express PD-L1 (TPS of one percent or more) as determined by an FDA-approved test, with disease progression on or after platinum-containing chemotherapy. Patients with EGFR or ALK genomic tumor aberrations should have disease progression on FDA-approved therapy for these aberrations prior to receiving Keytruda. In metastatic NSCLC, Keytruda is approved for use at a fixed dose of 200 mg every three weeks until disease progression, unacceptable toxicity, or up to 24 months in patients without disease progression. Immune-mediated adverse reactions occurred with Keytruda including pneumonitis, colitis, hepatitis, endocrinopathies, and nephritis. Based on the severity of the adverse reaction, Keytruda (pembrolizumab) should be withheld or discontinued and corticosteroids administered when appropriate. Keytruda can also cause severe or life-threatening infusion-related reactions. Monitor patients for signs and symptoms of infusion-related reactions and for Grade 3 or 4 reactions, stop infusion and permanently discontinue Keytruda. Based on its mechanism of action, Keytruda can cause fetal harm when administered to a pregnant woman. Female patients of reproductive potential should be advised of the potential hazard to a fetus. For more information regarding immune-mediated and infusion-related adverse reactions and use in pregnancy, see “Selected Important Safety Information” below. “Keytruda improved survival, compared to traditional chemotherapy, in patients with non-small cell lung cancer whose tumors express high levels of PD-L1,” said Roger M. Perlmutter, M.D., Ph.D., president, Merck Research Laboratories. “The approval of Keytruda for the first-line treatment of metastatic non-small cell lung cancer has the potential to change the treatment landscape for these patients.” “With this new indication, Keytruda can now be a first treatment option instead of chemotherapy for patients with metastatic non-small cell lung cancer whose tumors express high levels of PD-L1,” said Roy S. Herbst, M.D., Ph.D., professor of medicine and chief of medical oncology, Yale Cancer Center and Smilow Cancer Hospital at Yale New Haven. “These data reaffirm the importance of testing for PD-L1 expression in non-small cell lung cancer in order to identify those patients who are most likely to benefit from treatment with Keytruda.” Data Supporting First-Line Approval The approval was based on data from KEYNOTE-024, a randomized, open-label, phase 3 study evaluating Keytruda monotherapy compared to standard of care (SOC) platinum-containing chemotherapy for the treatment of patients with both squamous (18%) and non-squamous (82%) metastatic NSCLC. The study enrolled patients who had not received prior systemic chemotherapy treatment for their metastatic disease and whose tumors had high PD-L1 expression (TPS of 50 percent or more) and with no EGFR or ALK aberrations. The study randomized 305 patients to receive Keytruda (200 mg every three weeks) or investigator-choice SOC platinum-based chemotherapy (pemetrexed+carboplatin, pemetrexed+cisplatin, gemcitabine+cisplatin, gemcitabine+carboplatin, or paclitaxel+carboplatin). Pemetrexed maintenance therapy was permitted for patients with non-squamous histologies. The primary endpoint was progression-free survival (PFS); additional efficacy outcome measures were overall survival (OS) and overall response rate (ORR). Based on an interim analysis demonstrating Keytruda (pembrolizumab) was superior compared to chemotherapy for both the primary endpoint of PFS and the secondary endpoint of OS, the trial was stopped early in June 2016 to give patients still on chemotherapy the opportunity to receive Keytruda. Findings demonstrated that Keytruda reduced the risk of progression or death by 50 percent compared to chemotherapy (HR, 0.50 [95% CI, 0.37, 0.68]; p<0.001). Additionally, Keytruda resulted in a 40 percent reduction in the risk of death compared to chemotherapy (HR, 0.60 [95% CI, 0.41, 0.89]; p=0.005). “The approval of Keytruda in the first-line setting adds to the momentum of progress that has been made to treat lung cancer, particularly in the area of immunotherapy,” said Laurie Fenton Ambrose, president and CEO, Lung Cancer Alliance. “Patients now have an option beyond chemotherapy at initial diagnosis. This approval reinforces the need for biomarker testing so care can be personalized and most effective.” Selected Important Safety Information for Keytruda (pembrolizumab) Keytruda can cause immune-mediated pneumonitis, including fatal cases. Pneumonitis occurred in 94 (3.4%) of 2799 patients receiving Keytruda, including Grade 1 (0.8%), 2 (1.3%), 3 (0.9%), 4 (0.3%), and 5 (0.1%) pneumonitis and occurred more frequently in patients with a history of prior thoracic radiation (6.9%) compared to those without (2.9%). Monitor patients for signs and symptoms of pneumonitis. Evaluate suspected pneumonitis with radiographic imaging. Administer corticosteroids for Grade 2 or greater pneumonitis. Withhold Keytruda for Grade 2; permanently discontinue Keytruda for Grade 3 or 4 or recurrent Grade 2 pneumonitis. Keytruda can cause immune-mediated colitis. Colitis occurred in 48 (1.7%) of 2799 patients receiving Keytruda, including Grade 2 (0.4%), 3 (1.1%), and 4 (<0.1%) colitis. Monitor patients for signs and symptoms of colitis. Administer corticosteroids for Grade 2 or greater colitis. Withhold Keytruda for Grade 2 or 3; permanently discontinue Keytruda for Grade 4 colitis. See additional “Selected Important Safety Information” below. Data Supporting Second-Line Labeling Update KEYNOTE-010 is a randomized, open-label, phase 2/3 trial evaluating Keytruda (2 mg/kg [n=344] or 10 mg/kg [n=346] every three weeks) compared to SOC chemotherapy (docetaxel, 75 mg/m2 every three weeks [n=343]) in 1,033 patients with squamous (21%) and non-squamous (70%) metastatic NSCLC with all levels of PD-L1 expression (TPS of one percent or more) who had progressed following platinum-containing chemotherapy and, if appropriate, targeted therapy for EGFR or ALK genomic tumor aberrations. Additionally, results were reported in a subset of patients who had high PD-L1 expression (TPS of 50 percent or more) in the Keytruda 2 mg/kg (n=139), Keytruda 10 mg/kg (n=151), and chemotherapy cohorts (n=152). The primary endpoints were OS and PFS. Additional efficacy measures included ORR and response duration. Keytruda demonstrated superior OS versus docetaxel in patients with all levels of PD-L1 expression. Based on exploratory analyses, higher OS was associated with higher PD-L1 expression level. In KEYNOTE-010, treatment was discontinued for adverse reactions in eight percent of the 682 patients receiving Keytruda (pembrolizumab) across both doses. The most common adverse event resulting in permanent discontinuation of Keytruda was pneumonitis (1.8%). Adverse reactions leading to interruption of Keytruda (pembrolizumab) occurred in 23% of patients; the most common (≥1%) were diarrhea (1%), fatigue (1.3%), pneumonia (1%), liver enzyme elevation (1.2%), decreased appetite (1.3%), and pneumonitis (1%). The most frequent adverse reactions (reported in at least 10% of Keytruda patients and occurring at the same or higher incidence than in the docetaxel arm) were decreased appetite (25% for Keytruda vs. 23% for docetaxel), dyspnea (23% vs. 20%), nausea (20% vs. 18%), cough (19% vs. 14%), rash (17% vs. 8%), constipation (15% vs. 12%), vomiting (13% vs. 10%), arthralgia (11% vs. 9%), back pain (11% vs. 8%), and pruritus (11% vs. 3%). Other clinically important adverse reactions occurring in patients receiving Keytruda were fatigue (25%), diarrhea (14%), asthenia (11%), and pyrexia (11%). PD-L1 Companion Diagnostic for Patients with Metastatic NSCLC The PD-L1 IHC 22C3 PharmDx™ kit made by Dako North America, Inc., an Agilent Technologies Company, was approved in 2015 by the FDA for use in detecting PD-L1, an immune-related biomarker expressed on some tumor cells. The diagnostic is intended to aid in identifying appropriate patients for treatment with Keytruda, including previously treated patients whose tumors have any level of PD-L1 expression (TPS of one percent or more) and previously untreated patients whose tumors have high levels of PD-L1 expression (TPS of 50 percent or more). Tumors with a TPS of less than one percent are considered to have no PD-L1 expression. Our Focus on Cancer Our goal is to translate breakthrough science into innovative oncology medicines to help people with cancer worldwide. At Merck Oncology, helping people fight cancer is our passion and supporting accessibility to our cancer medicines is our commitment. Our focus is on pursuing research in immuno-oncology and we are accelerating every step in the journey – from lab to clinic – to potentially bring new hope to people with cancer. As part of our focus on cancer, Merck is committed to exploring the potential of immuno-oncology with one of the fastest-growing development programs in the industry. We are currently executing an expansive research program that includes more than 360 clinical trials evaluating our anti-PD-1 therapy across more than 30 tumor types. We also continue to strengthen our immuno-oncology portfolio through strategic acquisitions and are prioritizing the development of several promising immunotherapeutic candidates with the potential to improve the treatment of advanced cancers. For more information about our oncology clinical trials, visit www.merck.com/clinicaltrials. About Merck For 125 years, Merck has been a global health care leader working to help the world be well. Merck is known as MSD outside the United States and Canada. Through our prescription medicines, vaccines, biologic therapies, and animal health products, we work with customers and operate in more than 140 countries to deliver innovative health solutions. We also demonstrate our commitment to increasing access to health care through far-reaching policies, programs and partnerships. For more information, visit www.merck.com and connect with us on Twitter, Facebook, YouTube and LinkedIn. Forward-Looking Statement of Merck & Co., Inc., Kenilworth, N.J., USA This news release of Merck & Co., Inc., Kenilworth, N.J., USA (the “company”) includes “forward-looking statements” within the meaning of the safe harbor provisions of the U.S. Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These statements are based upon the current beliefs and expectations of the company’s management and are subject to significant risks and uncertainties. There can be no guarantees with respect to pipeline products that the products will receive the necessary regulatory approvals or that they will prove to be commercially successful. If underlying assumptions prove inaccurate or risks or uncertainties materialize, actual results may differ materially from those set forth in the forward-looking statements. Risks and uncertainties include but are not limited to, general industry conditions and competition; general economic factors, including interest rate and currency exchange rate fluctuations; the impact of pharmaceutical industry regulation and health care legislation in the United States and internationally; global trends toward health care cost containment; technological advances, new products and patents attained by competitors; challenges inherent in new product development, including obtaining regulatory approval; the company’s ability to accurately predict future market conditions; manufacturing difficulties or delays; financial instability of international economies and sovereign risk; dependence on the effectiveness of the company’s patents and other protections for innovative products; and the exposure to litigation, including patent litigation, and/or regulatory actions. The company undertakes no obligation to publicly update any forward-looking statement, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. Additional factors that could cause results to differ materially from those described in the forward-looking statements can be found in the company’s 2015 Annual Report on Form 10-K and the company’s other filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) available at the SEC’s Internet site (www.sec.gov). Source: Merck Posted: October 2016 Related Articles: FDA Approves Merck’s Keytruda (pembrolizumab) for Patients with Recurrent or Metastatic Head and Neck Squamous Cell Carcinoma - August 5, 2016 FDA Approves Expanded Indication for Keytruda (pembrolizumab) for the Treatment of Patients with Advanced Melanoma - December 18, 2015 FDA Approves Keytruda (pembrolizumab) for Advanced Non-Small Cell Lung Cancer - October 2, 2015 FDA Approves Keytruda (pembrolizumab) for Advanced Melanoma - September 4, 2014 Merck to Present New Data in Five Tumor Types from Studies Evaluating Pembrolizumab - September 2, 2014 Merck’s Investigational Anti-PD-1 Antibody, Pembrolizumab, Under Regulatory Review in Europe for Advanced Melanoma - June 30, 2014 Keytruda (pembrolizumab) FDA Approval History View comments More News Resources FDA Medwatch Drug Alerts FDA Drug Safety Labeling Changes Daily MedNews Pharma Industry News New Drug Approvals New Drug Applications Drug Shortages Clinical Trial Results Generic Drug Approvals Monthly Update Archive Drug Status Availability Rx Prescription only Pregnancy Category D Positive evidence of risk CSA Schedule N Not a controlled drug Approval History Calendar Drug history at FDA Close Recently Approved Vemlidy Vemlidy (tenofovir alafenamide) is a hepatitis B virus (HBV) nucleoside analog reverse... Zinplava Zinplava (bezlotoxumab) is a selective, fully-human, monoclonal antibody that binds to Clostridium... Lartruvo Lartruvo (olaratumab) is a platelet-derived growth factor receptor alpha (PDGFR-α) blocking ... Carnexiv Carnexiv (carbamazepine) is an intravenous injection formulation of the antiepileptic drug... More... Available RSS Feeds Select any link below to view the RSS feed. Daily MedNews Pharma Industry News FDA MedWatch Drug Alerts New Drug Approvals New Drug Applications Clinical Trials News Labeling Changes Was this page helpful? Yes No Drugs.com Mobile Apps The easiest way to lookup drug information, identify pills, check interactions and set up your own personal medication records. Available for Android and iOS devices. Explore Apps Support Help Center Frequent Questions Sitemap Contact Us About About Drugs.com Advertising Policy Content Submissions Drugs.com Blog Terms & Privacy Editorial Policy Privacy Policy Terms of Use Attribution & Citations Connect Facebook Twitter Google Plus YouTube RSS Feed Subscribe to receive email notifications whenever new articles are published. Drugs.com provides accurate and independent information on more than 24,000 prescription drugs, over-the-counter medicines and natural products. This material is provided for educational purposes only and is not intended for medical advice, diagnosis or treatment. Data sources include Micromedex® (updated Nov 1st, 2016), Cerner Multum™ (updated Nov 3rd, 2016), Wolters Kluwer™ (updated Nov 3rd, 2016) and others. To view content sources and attributions, please refer to our editorial policy. Third Party Advertising We comply with the HONcode standard for trustworthy health information - verify here Copyright © 2000-2016 Drugs.com. All rights reserved. Like Tweet +1 Email Hide
Skip to Content Search: All AllConsumerProfessionalPill IDInteractionsNewsFDA AlertsApprovalsPipelineClinical TrialsCare NotesEncyclopediaDictionaryNatural Products Browse all medications: a b c d e f g h i j k l m n o p q r s t u v w x y z Advanced Search Topics & Tools Facebook Twitter Google Plus Sign In Sign In Register Menu Close Account Sign In Register Now Drugs A-Z A-Z Drug Index Drugs by Condition Drugs by Class Generic Drugs OTC Drugs International Drugs Natural Products Veterinary Products Info en Español Drug Side Effects Dosage Guides Pregnancy Warnings Breastfeeding Warnings Pricing & Coupons Inactive Ingredients Advanced Search Phonetic Search Pill Identifier Interactions Checker News Q & A Pro Edition Apps More Videos Slideshows Mobile Apps Pricing & Coupon Guide Facebook Twitter Google Plus YouTube Home › News › New Drugs › FDA Approves Zinplava Print Share All News Consumer Pharma New Drugs Pipeline Clinical Trials FDA Alerts FDA Approves Zinplava FDA Approves Merck’s Zinplava (bezlotoxumab) to Reduce Recurrence of Clostridium difficile Infection Tweet KENILWORTH, N.J.--(BUSINESS WIRE) October 21, 2016 --Merck (NYSE:MRK), known as MSD outside the United States and Canada, today announced that the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) has approved Zinplava (bezlotoxumab) Injection 25 mg/mL. Merck anticipates making Zinplava available in first quarter 2017. Zinplava is indicated to reduce recurrence of Clostridium difficile infection (CDI) in patients 18 years of age or older who are receiving antibacterial drug treatment of CDI and are at high risk for CDI recurrence. Zinplava is not indicated for the treatment of CDI. Zinplava is not an antibacterial drug. Zinplava should only be used in conjunction with antibacterial drug treatment of CDI. CDI is caused by bacteria that produce toxins, including toxin B. Symptoms of CDI include mild-to-severe diarrhea, abdominal pain and fever. The incidence of recurrent CDI is higher in certain patient populations, including people 65 years of age or older and those with compromised immune systems. “For generations, Merck has been steadfast in its commitment to fighting infectious diseases – and that commitment continues today. Zinplava is a human monoclonal antibody that binds to C. difficile toxin B and neutralizes its effects,” said Dr. Nicholas Kartsonis, vice president of clinical development, infectious diseases, Merck Research Laboratories. Selected safety information about Zinplava Heart failure was reported more commonly in the two Phase 3 clinical trials in Zinplava-treated patients compared to placebo-treated patients. These adverse reactions occurred primarily in patients with underlying congestive heart failure (CHF). In patients with a history of CHF, 12.7% (15/118) of Zinplava-treated patients and 4.8% (5/104) of placebo-treated patients had the serious adverse reaction of heart failure during the 12-week study period. Additionally, in patients with a history of CHF, there were more deaths in Zinplava-treated patients [19.5% (23/118)] than in placebo-treated patients [12.5% (13/104)] during the 12-week study period. The causes of death varied, and included cardiac failure, infections, and respiratory failure. In patients with a history of CHF, Zinplava (bezlotoxumab) should be reserved for use when the benefit outweighs the risk. The most common adverse reactions occurring within 4 weeks of infusion with a frequency greater than placebo and reported in ≥4% of patients treated with Zinplava and Standard of Care (SoC) antibacterial drug therapy vs placebo and SoC antibacterial drug therapy included nausea (7% vs 5%), pyrexia (5% vs 3%) and headache (4% vs 3%). Serious adverse reactions occurring within 12 weeks following infusion were reported in 29% of Zinplava-treated patients and 33% of placebo-treated patients. Heart failure was reported as a serious adverse reaction in 2.3% of Zinplava-treated patients and 1.0% of placebo-treated patients. In Zinplava-treated patients, 10% experienced one or more infusion specific adverse reactions compared to 8% of placebo-treated patients, on the day of or the day after, the infusion. Infusion specific adverse reactions reported in ≥0.5% of patients receiving Zinplava and at a frequency greater than placebo were nausea (3%), fatigue (1%), pyrexia (1%), dizziness (1%), headache (2%), dyspnea (1%) and hypertension (1%). Of these patients, 78% experienced mild adverse reactions, and 20% of patients experienced moderate adverse reactions. These reactions resolved within 24 hours following onset. As with all therapeutic proteins, there is a potential for immunogenicity following administration of Zinplava. The detection of antibody formation is highly dependent on the sensitivity and specificity of the assay. Additionally, the observed incidence of antibody (including neutralizing antibody) positivity in an assay may be influenced by several factors including assay methodology, sample handling, timing of sample collection, concomitant medications, and underlying disease. For these reasons, comparison of the incidence of antibodies to bezlotoxumab in two Phase 3 studies with the incidence of antibodies in other studies or to other products may be misleading. Following treatment with Zinplava in these two studies, none of the 710 evaluable patients tested positive for treatment-emergent anti-bezlotoxumab antibodies. About bezlotoxumab Bezlotoxumab was developed by researchers at the University of Massachusetts Medical School’s MassBiologics Laboratory in conjunction with Medarex (now part of Bristol-Myers Squibb), and was licensed to Merck in 2009. About Merck For 125 years, Merck has been a global health care leader working to help the world be well. Merck is known as MSD outside the United States and Canada. Through our prescription medicines, vaccines, biologic therapies, and animal health products, we work with customers and operate in more than 140 countries to deliver innovative health solutions. We also demonstrate our commitment to increasing access to health care through far-reaching policies, programs and partnerships. For more information, visit www.merck.com and connect with us on Twitter, Facebook, YouTube and LinkedIn. Forward-Looking Statement of Merck & Co., Inc., Kenilworth, N.J., USA This news release of Merck & Co., Inc., Kenilworth, N.J., USA (the “company”) includes “forward-looking statements” within the meaning of the safe harbor provisions of the U.S. Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These statements are based upon the current beliefs and expectations of the company’s management and are subject to significant risks and uncertainties. There can be no guarantees with respect to pipeline products that the products will receive the necessary regulatory approvals or that they will prove to be commercially successful. If underlying assumptions prove inaccurate or risks or uncertainties materialize, actual results may differ materially from those set forth in the forward-looking statements. Risks and uncertainties include but are not limited to, general industry conditions and competition; general economic factors, including interest rate and currency exchange rate fluctuations; the impact of pharmaceutical industry regulation and health care legislation in the United States and internationally; global trends toward health care cost containment; technological advances, new products and patents attained by competitors; challenges inherent in new product development, including obtaining regulatory approval; the company’s ability to accurately predict future market conditions; manufacturing difficulties or delays; financial instability of international economies and sovereign risk; dependence on the effectiveness of the company’s patents and other protections for innovative products; and the exposure to litigation, including patent litigation, and/or regulatory actions. The company undertakes no obligation to publicly update any forward-looking statement, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. Additional factors that could cause results to differ materially from those described in the forward-looking statements can be found in the company’s 2015 Annual Report on Form 10-K and the company’s other filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) available at the SEC’s Internet site (www.sec.gov). Source: Merck Posted: October 2016 Related Articles: Merck Provides Regulatory Update on Biologics Licensing Application for Investigational Agent Bezlotoxumab - July 21, 2016 Merck Statement on FDA Advisory Committee Meeting for Zinplava (bezlotoxumab), an Investigational Agent for Prevention of Clostridium difficile Infection Recurrence - June 9, 2016 Zinplava (bezlotoxumab) FDA Approval History View comments More News Resources FDA Medwatch Drug Alerts FDA Drug Safety Labeling Changes Daily MedNews Pharma Industry News New Drug Approvals New Drug Applications Drug Shortages Clinical Trial Results Generic Drug Approvals Monthly Update Archive Antibiotics 101 Everything you need to know about antibiotics: → List of Common Antibiotics & Types → Antibiotics & Drinking Alcohol - Is it Safe? → Antibiotics For UTI - What Are My Options? Close Recently Approved Vemlidy Vemlidy (tenofovir alafenamide) is a hepatitis B virus (HBV) nucleoside analog reverse... Zinplava Zinplava (bezlotoxumab) is a selective, fully-human, monoclonal antibody that binds to Clostridium... Lartruvo Lartruvo (olaratumab) is a platelet-derived growth factor receptor alpha (PDGFR-α) blocking ... Carnexiv Carnexiv (carbamazepine) is an intravenous injection formulation of the antiepileptic drug... More... Available RSS Feeds Select any link below to view the RSS feed. Daily MedNews Pharma Industry News FDA MedWatch Drug Alerts New Drug Approvals New Drug Applications Clinical Trials News Labeling Changes Was this page helpful? Yes No Drugs.com Mobile Apps The easiest way to lookup drug information, identify pills, check interactions and set up your own personal medication records. Available for Android and iOS devices. Explore Apps Support Help Center Frequent Questions Sitemap Contact Us About About Drugs.com Advertising Policy Content Submissions Drugs.com Blog Terms & Privacy Editorial Policy Privacy Policy Terms of Use Attribution & Citations Connect Facebook Twitter Google Plus YouTube RSS Feed Subscribe to receive email notifications whenever new articles are published. Drugs.com provides accurate and independent information on more than 24,000 prescription drugs, over-the-counter medicines and natural products. This material is provided for educational purposes only and is not intended for medical advice, diagnosis or treatment. Data sources include Micromedex® (updated Nov 1st, 2016), Cerner Multum™ (updated Nov 3rd, 2016), Wolters Kluwer™ (updated Nov 3rd, 2016) and others. To view content sources and attributions, please refer to our editorial policy. Third Party Advertising We comply with the HONcode standard for trustworthy health information - verify here Copyright © 2000-2016 Drugs.com. All rights reserved. Like Tweet +1 Email Hide
Jobs Cars Property Directory Place your Ad Sign In Account Hello Edit Account Sign Out Search Search The Scotsman Search More Close ] Companies Tech Energy Farming Financial Law Media & Leisure Retail Regions Inverness, Highlands & Islands Aberdeen & North East Dundee & Tayside Glasgow & Strathclyde Edinburgh, Fife & Lothians Dumfries & Borders News Politics Transport Education Environment Health UK World Odd Celebrity Friends of The Scotsman Obituaries Sport Football Rugby Union Tennis Golf Cricket Athletics Boxing Horse Racing Cycling Motorsport Snooker Hockey Business Companies Markets and Economy Management Lifestyle Gadgets & Gaming Culture Travel Health & Wellbeing Family Personal Finance Homes & Gardens Outdoors Motoring Heritage People & Places Historic Events More Heritage We Know Scotland Future Scotland Tech Innovators Big Ideas Giving Back Charities Business in Action Heroes Licensing deal to give Merck access to Scots innovation Edinburgh Research & Innovation hailed the 'exciting breakthrough' with Merck. Picture: Ian Georgeson PERRY GOURLEY Email 07:46 Tuesday 25 October 2016 0 Have your say German healthcare giant Merck has signed a licensing deal with Edinburgh University’s commercialisation arm for a pioneering technology developed by academics. The invention, which is the subject of a patent application, involves the use of a fluorescent compound that can be used to help to understand how disease progresses in early stages. A research team from the University of Edinburgh’s School of Clinical Sciences, led by principal investigator Marc Vendrell, worked in collaboration with academic partners at the University of Barcelona and the University of Manchester to co-invent the technology. The initial stages of the work were funded by the European Union Commission via a Marie Curie grant. READ MORE: Collagen Solutions secures Merck supply agreement Angus Stewart-Liddon, licensing executive of Edinburgh Research & Innovation, which signed the agreement with Merck, desrcibed it as an “exciting breakthrough”. He said: “Working with the life science business of Merck means the technology will be made readily accessible to researchers worldwide, both in industry and in academia. It is another great example of the university working in collaboration with trusted industry partners.” Udit Batra, chief executive of life science for Merck, said: “At Merck, we are always looking for innovative ideas to enhance our customers’ research efforts.” He said the compound developed will complement the company’s existing portfolio of chemical biology tools. Founded in 1668, Merck is the world’s oldest pharmaceutical and chemical company. The founding family remains the majority owner of the publicly listed group. Earlier this year, Glasgow-based life sciences firm Collagen Solutions agreed a deal to supply Merck with products developed for use in regenerative medicine, medical devices and in-vitro diagnostics. Click here to ‘Like’ The Scotsman Business on Facebook Back to the top of the page Sign in {* #userInformationForm *} Sign in socially {* loginWidget *} with your email address {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* traditionalSignIn_password *} {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} Forgot your password? Reset it here. No account yet? Register Now. {* /userInformationForm *} Sign in {* #userInformationForm *} Sign in socially {* loginWidget *} Use another account Welcome back! Email Address {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} Password {* traditionalSignIn_password *} {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} Forgot your password? Reset it here. No account yet? Register Now. {* /userInformationForm *} Sign in {* #userInformationForm *} Sign in socially {* loginWidget *} Use another account with your email address {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* traditionalSignIn_password *} {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} Forgot your password? Reset it here. No account yet? Register Now. {* /userInformationForm *} Registration Please fill in the remaining fields below to complete your registration {* #registrationForm *} {* traditionalRegistration_firstName *} {* traditionalRegistration_lastName *} {* traditionalRegistration_emailAddress *} {* traditionalRegistration_password *} {* traditionalRegistration_passwordConfirm *} {* traditionalRegistration_displayName *} {* traditionalRegistration_jpCommsOptIn *} By registering you are agreeing to the terms and conditions. of the website. {* traditionalRegistration_captcha *} {* createAccountButton *} Back to previous screen {* /registrationForm *} Almost Done! {* #socialRegistrationForm *} {* socialRegistration_firstName *} {* socialRegistration_lastName *} {* socialRegistration_emailAddress *} {* socialRegistration_displayName *} {* socialRegistration_jpCommsOptIn *} Registering with The Scotsman means you're ok with our terms and conditions. {* socialRegistration_captcha *} {* createAccountButton *} Back to previous screen {* /socialRegistrationForm *} Almost Done! {* #socialRegistrationForm *} {* socialRegistration_firstName *} {* socialRegistration_lastName *} {* socialRegistration_emailAddress *} {* socialRegistration_displayName *} {* socialRegistration_jpCommsOptIn *} By registering you are agreeing to the Terms and Conditions of the website. {* socialRegistration_captcha *} {* createAccountButton *} ← Back to previous screen {* /socialRegistrationForm *} Thank You For Registering Welcome to The Scotsman You're almost there.We've just sent a confirmation email to . Check it out to confirm your registration. We are unable to send your welcome email at this time. Please try again later by clicking the resend welcome email link from your profile page. CHECK OUT MY PROFILE No thanks, take me to the homepage × Forgotten your password? Enter your email and we'll send you a link to reset your password. {* #forgotPasswordForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* /forgotPasswordForm *} Reset Your Password We've sent an email with instructions to create a new password. Your existing password has not been changed. Close Your password has been changed Password has been successfully updated. Sign in Reset your password We didn't recognise that password reset code. Enter your email address to get a new one. {* #resetPasswordForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* forgotPassword_sendButton *} {* /resetPasswordForm *} Reset your password We've sent an email with instructions to create a new password. Your existing password has not been changed. Close Reset your password Enter your new password. {* newPasswordForm *} {* newpassword *} {* newpasswordConfirm *} {* /newPasswordForm *} {* mergeAccounts {"custom": true} *} Is this you? It looks like you're already registered {| foundExistingAccountText |}. Either connect these accounts, or create new one using a different email address. {| moreInfoText |} {| moreInfoHoverText |} {| existing_provider |} {| existing_displayName |} {| current_emailAddress |} {| rendered_existing_provider_photo |} Created at {| existing_createdDate |} {| connectLegacyRadioText |} {| createRadioText |} {| current_provider |} Validating {| connect_button |} {| create_button |} Back to previous screen Sign In To Complete Account Merge It looks like you're already registered Email is already registered with OtherSite. You'll be able to use the same account on current Site. Alternatively, you can create a new account with another email address. {* #tradAuthenticateMergeForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* mergePassword *} {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} Create new account {* /tradAuthenticateMergeForm *} Newsletter Preferences Congratulations, you're now registered! Let us know what news and updates you want to hear about and we'll send them straight to your inbox. No thanks, take me straight to the site. Daily Newsletter Additional Newsletter Where do you live? Enter your postcode so we can keep you up-to-date with the latest local news and exciting deals. Please provide a valid UK postcode Done Already Registered It looks like you're already registered. is already registered with . You will be able to use the same account on . Alternatively, you can create a new account with another email address. Validating Email address is required. Validating GET INTO WOW NOW Create a new account × × Thank you for registering We have sent a confirmation email to . Please check your email and click on the link to activate your account. We are unable to process your request at this time. Please try again later. Close Welcome to The Scotsman Congratulations, you've just sealed the deal! Sign in to your profile now to get started. That's it, you're all done! Close this window to start browsing the site now or click here to go to your profile Unfortunately that verification link has expired. To get a new one, just sign in to your profile now and resend the verification email. Unfortunately that verification link has expired. To get a new one, just resend the verification email by going to your profile page. Take me to my profile Sign in × Error × Profile Photo × Remove Linked Account? Are you sure you want to remove this linked account? Yes Cancel Join Us On Explore News Sport Business Lifestyle Food and Drink Heritage We Know Scotland Future Scotland Giving Back More from The Scotsman Announcements Bingo Buy a Photo Calendars Conferences Dating Digital Archive Directory Holidays Jobs Local Guide Cars Partnerships Property Public Notices Supplements The Hub Useful Links Contact us Advertise My Business Advertising Place your ads Subscribe Edinburgh Evening News © 2016 Johnston Publishing Ltd. All rights reserved. Terms and Conditions Disclaimer Cookies Policy
null
null

Bingo Horoscopes Casino Opinion BuySell Flights Dating Find a Business Jobs Advertise Login Register My account Logout Facebook Twitter GooglePlus Newsletters Our new FREE Daily Record apps are here! Search 1000s of jobs at scotcareers Most read News Sections Latest News Scottish News UK & World News Politics Crime Health Real Life Business & Consumer Weird News Science & Technology Top News Breaking Bad sadist Stefano Brizzi guilty of murdering Scots cop Gordon Semple before dissolving his body in acid Most Read in News Watch hilarious spoof of John Lewis Christmas advert featuring Donald Trump, Hillary Clinton and Barack Obama Mum found dead in suspected suicide two weeks after son aged 8 died in house fire Thug who boasted about smuggling taser into Glasgow Airport from holiday jailed for five years Scottish dad of four snared by Dark Justice paedophile hunters pleads guilty to grooming a child Erotic capital of UK revealed - find out how raunchy YOUR area is and where it's ranked in the country 'I'm an ex-DWP officer and I used to be offered bonuses for declaring disabled clients fit for work' Trending Today Donald Trump Barack Obama Hillary Clinton Donald Trump Suzie McGuire Popular this week Courts Independence referendum Dangerous dogs Weather Politics Football Sections Scottish Premiership Scottish Championship Scottish Cup Betfred Cup Scotland Football Team Transfer News English Premier League European Football Women's Football Football Fixtures Football Results Top News Daniel Sturridge set to quit Liverpool and spark £28million signing battle Most Read in Football Rangers AGM 2016: All you need to know from Joey Barton to Mike Ashley and share issues Celtic star Moussa Dembele's hot streak continues with stunning double against England U21s Why Steven Gerrard could sign for Celtic ... and why he won’t Celtic AGM 2016: What's on the agenda for this year's shareholders' meeting? Rangers and Celtic should buy over small clubs to allow youth players to flourish reckons Alex Smith Daniel Sturridge set to quit Liverpool and spark £28million signing battle Trending Today Gordon Strachan Joey Barton Brendan Rodgers Dave King Mike Ashley Popular this week Celtic FC Rangers FC Scotland football team Sport Sections Latest Sport Football Rugby Golf Tennis Boxing Darts Top Sport Daniel Sturridge set to quit Liverpool and spark £28million signing battle Most Read in Sport Rangers AGM 2016: All you need to know from Joey Barton to Mike Ashley and share issues Celtic star Moussa Dembele's hot streak continues with stunning double against England U21s Why Steven Gerrard could sign for Celtic ... and why he won’t Celtic AGM 2016: What's on the agenda for this year's shareholders' meeting? Trending Today Gordon Strachan Joey Barton Brendan Rodgers Dave King Mike Ashley Popular this week Dave King Celtic FC Scottish Premiership Rangers FC Andy Murray TV & Celebs Sections Latest Celebs Celebrity News TV & Radio News Celebrity Interviews Top TV & Celebs Celtic WAG Helen Flanagan shows off her curves in barely-there bikini on romantic holiday with boyfriend Scott Sinclair Most Read in TV & Celebs Celtic WAG Helen Flanagan shows off her curves in barely-there bikini on romantic holiday with boyfriend Scott Sinclair Chloe Ferry 'axed from Geordie Shore after kicking new housemate repeatedly in the head' New IRN-BRU TV advert will have viewers in stitches this Christmas.. check it out here X Factor rapper Honey G causes more controversy after 'disgraceful' tweet during Remembrance Sunday's two minute silence Trending Today Helen Flanagan Honey G Lady Gaga Larry Lamb Scarlett Moffatt Popular this week Big Brother T In The Park Calvin Harris The Hydro Life & Style Scotland Now In Your Area Aberdeen Airdrie Ayr Coatbridge Cumbernauld Dumfries & Galloway Dundee East Kilbride Edinburgh Glasgow Hamilton Inverness Irvine Kilmarnock Paisley Perthshire Renfrew Rutherglen Stirling West Dunbartonshire West Lothian Wishaw Alloa Ardrossan Argyll & Bute Bearsden & Milngavie Bishopbriggs Borders Cambuslang Clydebank Cumnock Dunfermline Elgin Falkirk Fort William Girvan Glenrothes Grangemouth Greenock Kirkcaldy Kirkintilloch Largs Motherwell Musselburgh Penicuik Oban Orkney Renfrewshire Saltcoats Shetland St Andrews Western Isles Wigtown Trending X Factor 2016 Donald Trump Celtic FC Rangers FC Property Business Motoring Travel Your Account Edit Profile Logout University of Edinburgh agree licence deal with Merck 14:44, 24 Oct 2016 By Scott McCulloch Edinburgh Research & Innovation, the commercialisation arm of The University of Edinburgh, said the pioneering fluorescent probe technology is a powerful addition to the ‘toolbox’ to investigate disease action   Share Get business news by email The University of Edinburgh has signed a licence deal with global giant Merck to provide its pioneering fluorescent probe technology for monitoring disease progression. Edinburgh Research & Innovation, the commercialisation arm of The University of Edinburgh, said the licence deal will allow Merck to prepare fluorescent peptides as tools to understand how disease progresses in early stages. ERI licensing executive, Dr Angus Stewart-Liddon, said: “This is an exciting breakthrough as it provides a powerful addition to our ‘toolbox’ to investigate disease action. “Working with the life science business of Merck means the technology will be made readily accessible to researchers worldwide, both in industry and in academia. “It is another great example of the University working in collaboration with trusted industry partners to make valuable research tools accessible.” A research team from The University of Edinburgh’s School of Clinical Sciences in collaboration with academic partners at the University of Barcelona and The University of Manchester co-invented the fluorescent probe technology. It allows researchers to use natural peptide mimics as disease reporters by applying a fluorescent compound that makes their identification easier under the microscope. Dr Marc Vendrell, who led the team who developed the technology, explains: “Peptides are essential natural products, but they are not fluorescent and therefore invisible under the microscope. “If we want to know how peptides behave, we need to attach them to fluorescent tags to ‘see’ them. “Crucially, it is very important that when we attach these tags to make peptides fluorescent, they behave exactly in the same way as they would in their natural state. “This is exactly what we have achieved with our technology.” The initial stages of development were funded by the EU Commission via a Marie Curie Career integration grant. In the proof of concept stage, Dr Vendrell and colleagues used peptides binding to fungal cells to visualise fungal pathogens. “Their research proved that the fluorescent peptides behaved exactly in the same way as the natural peptides”, he said. “This is a major-breakthrough in peptide chemistry and in the biomedical sciences since it paves the way for a better understanding of disease onset and behaviour. Dr Vendrell added: “One of the main advantages of our technology is that it can be broadly applied to almost all peptides, having a global impact in biomedicine. “This means that our technology will improve our understanding of disease at many different levels, from cancer to the regeneration of tissues or the progression of inflammatory diseases.” Udit Batra, Merck's chief executive of Life Science, said: “At Merck, we are always looking for innovative ideas to enhance our customers’ research efforts. “This compound from the University of Edinburgh offers researchers a way to fluorescently label peptides that has minimal interference with peptide structure. “This will enable biological discovery and complement our portfolio of chemical biology tools.” TheScottishDailyRecord Recently Published Insider international: US Ambassador, Matthew Barzun Inspiring United States Ambassador makes his mark in Scotland Insider regional review: Perth & Kinross Scottish Government outline enterprise support reforms Previous Articles Theresa May's Brexit warm words have turned quickly into the cold shoulder for Scotland THE unelected Prime Minister made a visit to Scotland her priority in July but Joan McAlpine reckons the remain-voting Scots have been pushed to one side. Insider regional report: Highlands & Islands Related Tags Organisations European Union Universities and Colleges See Also Education Edinburgh Recommended in Science & Technology Perthshire Scotland's oldest winery celebrates 30 years in business Financial Services Standard Life's India deal hits regulatory hurdle Economy Report: Private sector growth slows as cost inflation soars House building Construction training fund aims to boost technical and professional skills Energy Wood Group appoint Jan Dell as global VP of clean energy House building Taylor Wimpey confident on medium-term targets despite rising costs Gambling William Hill expects FY profits at top-end of guidance Most Read in Business Edinburgh Business Johnston Press in talks to offload 'certain titles' Financial Services Standard Life's India deal hits regulatory hurdle Perthshire Scotland's oldest winery celebrates 30 years in business Law and Accountancy Chiene + Tait launch new Inverness office Stirling Coal supplier Fergusson Group sold in pre-pack deal Recommended on the Record Andy Murray Andy Murray beats Marin Cilic to win his first match as world number one Dumbarton Dumbarton building used in Still Game "care home" plot Weather 2016 set to be hottest year on record as scientists blame global warming for soaring temperatures Photography Scots stargazers get lucky break in clouds for rare chance to see the supermoon Moussa Dembele Celtic star Moussa Dembele's hot streak continues with stunning double against England U21s Manchester United FC Manchester United want €60million Portugal striker Andre Silva Stem cells Firefighters plan to sign up hundreds of donors to help save the life brave toddler Ava Stark Scottish Daily Record View: Desktop Mobile About Us Contact Us Got A Story? Local News Advertising Jobs Competition Rules Cookie Policy How to Complain Archive Corrections & Clarifications Google Survey Privacy Policy Contact the Judge Sunday Mail Centenary Fund Paid subscription to the Daily Record and Sunday Mail Paid subscription to the Paisley Daily Express Terms and Conditions News Scottish News UK & World Politics Crime Health Real Life Business & Consumer Weird News Science & Technology Sport Football Boxing Golf Horse Racing Rugby Motor sports Tennis Other sports CELEBS Celebrity News TV & Radio News Celebrity Interviews Video Games Opinion News Sport Entertainment Lifestyle Life & Style Horoscopes Fashion & Beauty Health & Fitness Food & Drink Family & Relationships Travel Money Motoring Competitions Property © Scottish Daily Record and Sunday Mail Ltd
null
Home About Cocorioko COCORIOKO FORUM ACTION NEWS COMMENTARY EDITORIAL Obituary Opinion Politscope SPORTS TOP STORY Breaking News November 14, 2016 | Freetown calm , as planned demonstration widely publicized on Social media turns out to be a ruse November 14, 2016 | Police warns against illegal demonstration November 13, 2016 | *Hon. Dr. Sylvia Blyden Showcases President Koroma’s Credentials on Girl Child to the World* November 13, 2016 | MY RECOMMENDATION TO SIERRA LEONE PRESIDENT, H. E, DR. ERNEST BAI KOROMA AND HIS GOVERNMENT November 13, 2016 | At Instanbul, Minister Sylvia Blyden addresses 6th Ministerial Conference on Women’s Role in the development of OIC member states Search for: Home Uncategorized Merck Pharmaceutical Company lauds Sierra Leone for best practice and standards in pharmaceutical control Posted By: Publisher and Chief Executive Officer KABS KANU October 24, 2016 By Kadrie Koroma A top Quality Research driven Scientific based International Company, Merck Pharmaceutical Group of Company has lauded Sierra Leone for its efficient quality control administration in the Pharmaceutical Sector.   Group photo of visiting team and senior officials of the Ministry including the Minister and his deputies Speaking during a courtesy call on the Minister of Health and Sanitation, Dr. Abu Bakarr Fofanah at his Youyi Building office in Freetown, the Chairman Executive Board and Family Board, Merck Pharmaceutical Group of Company, Prof. Dr. Frank Stangenberg-Haverkamp said their mission aims at introducing their products and to assist governments around the world with quality and standard products.   Chairman Executive Board and Family Board, Merck Pharmaceutical Group of Company, Prof. Dr. Frank Stangenberg-Haverkamp He reiterated their desire to make available their products, as well as helping governments to increase the level of health care services through a social security responsible programme, particularly for the African region. As a top quality research driven scientific based company with 20 years of traveling experience, Prof. Dr. Stangenberg-Haverkamp told the Minister and senior officials of the Ministry that they are impressed with Sierra Leone’s administrative structures in rebuilding a resilient system, disclosing that they also operates in 12 African countries with the francophone headquarter in Abidjan. Making his contribution, Merck’s President, North and West Africa Group, Dr. Karim Bendhaou reiterated the need for public private partnership with a view to supporting countries with standard pharmaceutical drugs. Merck’s President, North and West Africa Group, Dr. Karim Bendhaou He said they are committed to the elimination of schistosomiasis, and that they executes humanitarian programmes with USAID, WHO, NGOs and several others to ensure that their products are properly distributed. Responding, Health and Sanitation Minister, Dr. Abu Bakarr Fofanah described the visit as timely noting that the country has just experienced one of the biggest outbreak of Viral Hemorrhagic Fever in the world which has had an adverse effect on the economic and social lives of the people. Health and Sanitation Minister, Dr. Abu Bakarr Fofanah He informed the team that His Excellency the President, Dr. Ernest Bai Koroma coming from a private sector background holds the private sector to a very high esteem, and still beliefs that the private sector is key to economic development, adding that President Koroma is very interested in the private sector collaboration and that the Ministry sees the visit as an opportunity. Dr. Fofanah described the Health Ministry as a viable institution that believes in productive partnership disclosing their challenges in storage, distribution and quality control of drugs. He commended the team for choosing Sierra Leone to showcase their products and looks forward to a fruitful collaboration. SHARE TWEET PIN SHARE Previous post Next post Editorial November 13, 2016 TRUMP-etting reality : God uses the despised things of the world to confound ‘the wise’ : Has he just done that in America ? Time will tell   BY KABS KANU : “But God hath chosen the foolish things of the world to confound the wise; and God hath chosen the weak… Read More November 9, 2016 LAST NIGHT’S LESSON : TRUST NOTHING November 7, 2016 AS AMERICA STANDS STILL, RECALLING THE MOST DRAMATIC ELECTIONS EVER IN SIERRA LEONE IN 1967 November 7, 2016 Saluting Sierra Leone’s doctors who succumbed to the Ebola attack November 4, 2016 As he turns sod for 3 modern hospitals : “This President ! Only God will bless him for us “ October 26, 2016 ECOWAS Court cannot reverse a Supreme Court verdict or enforce an undomesticated treaty on a member state Talking Point November 8, 2016 A SIERRA LEONE VICTORY AT THE UN: Sierra Leonean Legal Luminary elected to the International Law Commission (ILC) By KABS KANU: Sierra Leone was handed a significant victory at the United Nations on Friday November 3rd, 2016 when one of her citizens, Legal… Read More November 3, 2016 Ambassador Adikalie Foday Sumah : Economic slowdown not due to mismanagement and so ” We are not giving any excuses “ October 31, 2016 The Playhouse Foundation presents ‘Excellence Awards’ to 75 Top Scorers in the 2016 NPSE October 31, 2016 FAO Report does not represent present state of food security in Sierra Leone October 27, 2016 Sa. Leone’s new UN Permanent Representative makes a flying start in global multilateral and bilateral diplomacy October 26, 2016 At AU Peace and Security Council Open Session… Ambassador Kamara unveils role played by President Koroma in empowering women in Sierra Leone Recent Articles Freetown calm , as planned demonstration widely publicized on Social media turns out to be a ruse Police warns against illegal demonstration *Hon. Dr. Sylvia Blyden Showcases President Koroma’s Credentials on Girl Child to the World* MY RECOMMENDATION TO SIERRA LEONE PRESIDENT, H. E, DR. ERNEST BAI KOROMA AND HIS GOVERNMENT Categories ACTION NEWS COMMENTARY EDITORIAL Obituary Opinion Top Stories Freetown calm , as planned demonstration widely publicized on Social media turns out to be a ruse Police warns against illegal demonstration *Hon. Dr. Sylvia Blyden Showcases President Koroma’s Credentials on Girl Child to the World* COCORIOKO is produced in Somerset, Franklin Township , New Jersey , USA and Brookfields , Freetown, Sierra Leone. The sole owner, financier , Publisher and Chief Executive Officer ( CEO ) is the Rev. Leeroy Wilfred Kabs-Kanu. All matters pertaining to the paper should be directed to the CEO, Rev. Kabs-Kanu at kabbskanu@aol.com.. No article or any part of this website should be reproduced without the expressed permission of the Publisher. Copyright 2016 | cocorioko by Dot O it Web Builders
PMGroup PME Communiqué The Directory Quality in Care How to Advertise Privacy and cookies My Account Register Please login to the form below Not currently logged in Email: Password: I have forgotten my password PME Communiqué The Directory Opening up market access Advanced search Home News Intelligence Thought leadership Appointments Awards Blogs Clinical Top Pharma List PMHub Jobs News Research Sales Marketing Regulatory Healthcare Jobs and recruitment Trending AstraZeneca's durvalumab trial Novartis biosimilar sales Lilly's solanezumab results in Alzheimer's Remicade-biosimilar switch trial PMEA 2016 finalists After delay, Merck gets US approval for serious infection drug Zinplava anticipated to accrue $300m in sales by 2020 The US FDA approved Merck & Co's Zinplava as an add-on treatment for Clostridium difficile infections after a three-month delay. The positive verdict comes after the FDA asked for additional information to enable their review of Zinplava (bezlotoxumab; MK 6072), delaying its approval by three months. In June, an FDA advisory committee voted by 10 to 5 with one abstention that Zinplava (bezlotoxumab) is effective for preventing the recurrence of C. difficile infections. Merck (known as MSD outside North America) said it intends to launch Zinplava in early 2017, and Credit Suisse has suggested the drug could approach $300m in sales by 2020. A marketing authorisation application for bezlotoxumab has been filed with the EMA and is also under review. Bezlotoxumab has been approved to reduce recurrence of C. difficile in adults who are already receiving antibacterial drug treatment for the infection and are at high risk for CDI recurrence. Merck stresses that Zinplava should not be used alone as it is not an antibacterial drug. The antibody antitoxin neutralises toxin B produced by C. difficile. C. difficile infections are often linked to antimicrobials taken for other infections, and while unpleasant are generally not life-threatening and can usually be treated effectively with another course of antibiotics. In some cases, damage to the bowel or severe dehydration can result, and the infection can be more serious in patents with compromised immune systems. Bezlotoxumab was originally developed by Medarex, which was acquired by Bristol-Myers Squibb in 2009. Merck licensed rights to the antibody earlier that year for $60m upfront and $165m in milestone payments. According to market research firm GlobalData, the therapeutics and prophylactics market for C. difficile infections in the US, France, Germany, Italy, Spain, the UK and Japan will grow more than fourfold from $356m in 2014 to more than $1.5bn by 2024. GlobalData says Merck will lead the market thanks to Dificid/Dificlir (fidaxomicin), which it predicts will be the biggest-selling antibiotic for these infections, while Zinplava could see competition in the adjunctive therapy category from the likes of Seres Therapeutics' SER-109 and Rebiotix' RBX2660. Prophylactic vaccines, such as Pfizer's PF-06425090 and Sanofi Pasteur's ACAM-CDIFF (in phase III), are also expected to contribute to the increase in the market over the forecast period. Please enable JavaScript to view the comments. Article by Phil Taylor 24th October 2016 From: Regulatory Share  Print Friendly Tags PME Digital Edition Featured jobs Scientific Director- Immuno Oncology Specialist - Med Comms (Lon... Neg PR Associate Director – Healthcare PR – London Salary TBC Director of Strategy/ Scientific Services – Full Home working, E... Neg Medical Writer, Healthcare Education Design & Development, L... Competitive Salary Managing Director, Healthcare PR, London Excellent Package Healthcare PR Innovator, London Excellent Package New Business and Marketing Manager, circa £50K, Healthcare Commu... Excellent Package Pharma/ Life Sciences - Social / Digital Account Director Industry leading package and bens SINGAPORE - Senior or Principal Medical Writer Opportunity - Med... D.O.E Deputy Managing Director, Medical Communications, South East UK Excellent Package SAE & Account Manager - Victoria – Healthcare Advertising Salary TBC SYDNEY BASED ROLE - Senior Account Director – Associate CSD - Me... D.O.E Account Director – Medical Communications Salary TBC Creative Team – Mid-weight & Senior Art Director & Senio... SUPERB PACKAGES AVAILABLE Senior Account Manager / Jr AD - Consumer & Prescription – H... Salary TBC Account Director – Med Ed – Publications Salary TBC Chief Operating Officer – Medical Education – London Salary TBC Senior Account Manager – Medical Education – Boutique Agency Salary TBC Account Director, Healthcare PR, London Excellent Package Client Lead, Consumer Health & Wellness, South East UK Excellent Package Editor, Medical Communications, London Competitive Salary Subscribe to our email news alerts Most read Most shared Latest content Pharma stocks rise after Donald Trump's election win Siemens' healthcare unit to become standalone business Pfizer’s first-in-class breast cancer therapy wins EU licence NICE backs Novartis' Afinitor and Pfizer's Xalkori Pfizer to shut down two UK manufacturing sites NICE set to knock-back Amgen's myeloma treatment Kyprolis Gilead's hepatitis B virus treatment set for European approval CHMP recommends Merck & Co's Lantus biosimilar Amgen wins European approval for Parsabiv Lilly bags EU approval for cancer treatment Lartruvo A rock and a hard place greyhealth group appoints digital strategy director PMHubAdd my company Any category... Advertising Branding Clinical research Conferences meetings events Creative and design Digital communications Homecare Industry associations IT solutions Management consultancies Manufacturing packaging logistics Market access Market research Marketing consultancies Media planning and buying Medical communications Medical education Patient support and adherence Pharmacy Print services Policy and government affairs Public relations Publishers Recruitment and career development Regulatory affairs Research and development Sales Training Translation services Random42 Scientific Communication Random42 is the world's premier medical animation company. Over the past 20 years we have created over 350 mechanism-of-action (MoA)... Latest intelligence Are we harnessing the full emotional power of brand creativity? Creative Director Damien Parsonage breaks down the common misconception that pharma and healthcare marketing for healthcare professionals ought to be entirely scientific and rational. Brands are powerful; here's how to... Opinion piece: Personalisation – the future of medical education Alex Goonesinghe, Research Manager, and Nigel Campbell, Multichannel Communications Director, share their thoughts on the growing trend towards personalised medical education.... Rethinking pharma communications Guide: How do you adjust your communications to the new multichannel and multi-stakeholder environment?... Quick links Country reports Digital Handbook The Gallery Healthcare glossary How to advertise HTA guidance tracker Orphan drugs and rare diseases PME supplements Social media hub Webinars Infographics Multimedia<> Webinar: Customer engagement design Communiqué Awards 2015: Winners in pictures Communiqué Awards 2015: Gallery PMEA 2015: Winners in pictures PMEA 2015: Pictures About us Contact us How to advertise Site map All content copyright © PMGroup Worldwide Ltd 2016
PMGroup PME Communiqué The Directory Quality in Care How to Advertise Privacy and cookies My Account Register Please login to the form below Not currently logged in Email: Password: I have forgotten my password PME Communiqué The Directory Opening up market access Advanced search Home News Intelligence Thought leadership Appointments Awards Blogs Clinical Top Pharma List PMHub Jobs News Research Sales Marketing Regulatory Healthcare Jobs and recruitment Trending AstraZeneca's durvalumab trial Novartis biosimilar sales Lilly's solanezumab results in Alzheimer's Remicade-biosimilar switch trial PMEA 2016 finalists Keytruda, Opdivo narrow Tecentriq's lead in bladder cancer BMS’ drug is currently under FDA and EMA review in advanced urothelial carcinoma Merck & Co has halted a phase III trial of Keytruda in bladder cancer early after seeing a clear survival benefit, while the FDA has started its review of Bristol-Myers Squibb's Opdivo in that indication. The two developments mean that Roche's privileged position as the only PD-1/PD-L1 inhibitor approved for bladder cancer could be short-lived, and comes soon after Roche's drug encroached on its rivals' territory with a US approval in non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC). Merck reported the results of the KeyNote-045 trial in urothelial carcinoma - the most common form of bladder cancer - just ahead of the weekend, saying that Keytruda (pembrolizumab) was more effective than chemotherapy at extending patients' lives when given as a second-line therapy. The trial compared Keytruda to the investigator's choice of chemotherapy agents - paclitaxel, docetaxel or vinflunine - and showed that Merck's drug improved both progression-free survival (PFS) and overall survival. Bladder cancer has proved to be remarkably resistant to new drug therapy. The standard of care remains cisplatin and there have been few treatment advances over the last 30 years, so immuno-oncology agents are expected to make swift and dramatic headway both in the second- and first-line treatment settings. Also on Friday, BMS confirmed that the FDA had accepted its marketing application for Opdivo (nivolumab) as a second-line treatment for advanced urothelial carcinoma after platinum-based chemotherapy, setting it on course for approval by the beginning of March 2017. The EMA started its review for the EU market in September. There has been no word yet on filing plans for Keytruda, but Merck's head of R&D Roger Perlmutter said the company is looking forward to "sharing the findings from this study with the medical community and with regulatory authorities around the world". Tecentriq (atezolizumab) has got off to a strong start in the market since it was first approved for bladder cancer in May, making sales of just under $100m in second and third quarters of the year, and is expected to gather momentum after its approval last week in second-line NSCLC. So far, Opdivo has been firmly in the lead among the PD-1/PD-L1 inhibitors, but stumbled as a first-line treatment for NSCLC, giving an opportunity for Merck and Roche to close the gap. Merck is waiting on an FDA decision for Keytruda as a first-line NSCLC therapy in patients whose tumours express PD-L1 by 24 December. Neither BMS nor Merck have reported third-quarter results yet, but in the first six months of the year sales of Opdivo came in at $1.54bn, while Keytruda added $563m to Merck's top-line in the same period. Analysts see Opdivo maintaining its lead in the market despite the setback, with Sanford Bernstein analyst Tim Anderson predicting BMS' drug will have 2021 sales of $8.1bn, ahead of Keytruda with $6.5bn and Tecentriq on just below $5bn. Please enable JavaScript to view the comments. Article by Phil Taylor 24th October 2016 From: Sales, Regulatory Share  Print Friendly Tags Related content BMS wins early UK access for Opdivo in Hodgkin’s lymphoma A stumble, but not a fall – what’s next for Opdivo? BMS appoints oncology development head NICE U-turn on Opdivo for kidney cancer SMC approves Opdivo combo as first-line skin cancer treatment Related Hub content A stumble, but not a fall – what’s next for Opdivo? PME Digital Edition Featured jobs SYDNEY BASED ROLE - Senior Account Director – Associate CSD - Me... D.O.E Chief Operating Officer – Medical Education – London Salary TBC Account Director, Healthcare PR, London Excellent Package Account Director – Med Ed – Publications Salary TBC Director of Strategy/ Scientific Services – Full Home working, E... Neg New Business and Marketing Manager, circa £50K, Healthcare Commu... Excellent Package Senior Account Manager – Medical Education – Boutique Agency Salary TBC Pharma/ Life Sciences - Social / Digital Account Director Industry leading package and bens Scientific Director- Immuno Oncology Specialist - Med Comms (Lon... Neg Creative Team – Mid-weight & Senior Art Director & Senio... SUPERB PACKAGES AVAILABLE Senior Account Manager / Jr AD - Consumer & Prescription – H... Salary TBC Account Director – Medical Communications Salary TBC Client Lead, Consumer Health & Wellness, South East UK Excellent Package PR Associate Director – Healthcare PR – London Salary TBC Deputy Managing Director, Medical Communications, South East UK Excellent Package Managing Director, Healthcare PR, London Excellent Package SAE & Account Manager - Victoria – Healthcare Advertising Salary TBC SINGAPORE - Senior or Principal Medical Writer Opportunity - Med... D.O.E Medical Writer, Healthcare Education Design & Development, L... Competitive Salary Editor, Medical Communications, London Competitive Salary Healthcare PR Innovator, London Excellent Package Senior Medical Copywriter £60, 000 – £70, 000 according to skills and experience Creative Lead – UX, User Experience Design & Engagement, New York Excellent package Learning & Development Manager - Berkshire Competitive Package Salary Account Lead – Rare Diseases - Manchester Competitive Package Salary Subscribe to our email news alerts Most read Most shared Latest content Pharma stocks rise after Donald Trump's election win Siemens' healthcare unit to become standalone business Pfizer’s first-in-class breast cancer therapy wins EU licence NICE backs Novartis' Afinitor and Pfizer's Xalkori Pfizer to shut down two UK manufacturing sites NICE set to knock-back Amgen's myeloma treatment Kyprolis Gilead's hepatitis B virus treatment set for European approval CHMP recommends Merck & Co's Lantus biosimilar Amgen wins European approval for Parsabiv Lilly bags EU approval for cancer treatment Lartruvo A rock and a hard place greyhealth group appoints digital strategy director PMHubAdd my company Any category... Advertising Branding Clinical research Conferences meetings events Creative and design Digital communications Homecare Industry associations IT solutions Management consultancies Manufacturing packaging logistics Market access Market research Marketing consultancies Media planning and buying Medical communications Medical education Patient support and adherence Pharmacy Print services Policy and government affairs Public relations Publishers Recruitment and career development Regulatory affairs Research and development Sales Training Translation services FleishmanHillard Fishburn Improving patient outcomes, global health and healthcare systems Our global network of more than 300 healthcare counselors provides seamless collaboration... Latest intelligence Are we harnessing the full emotional power of brand creativity? Creative Director Damien Parsonage breaks down the common misconception that pharma and healthcare marketing for healthcare professionals ought to be entirely scientific and rational. Brands are powerful; here's how to... Opinion piece: Personalisation – the future of medical education Alex Goonesinghe, Research Manager, and Nigel Campbell, Multichannel Communications Director, share their thoughts on the growing trend towards personalised medical education.... Rethinking pharma communications Guide: How do you adjust your communications to the new multichannel and multi-stakeholder environment?... Quick links Country reports Digital Handbook The Gallery Healthcare glossary How to advertise HTA guidance tracker Orphan drugs and rare diseases PME supplements Social media hub Webinars Infographics Multimedia<> Webinar: Customer engagement design Communiqué Awards 2015: Winners in pictures Communiqué Awards 2015: Gallery PMEA 2015: Winners in pictures PMEA 2015: Pictures About us Contact us How to advertise Site map All content copyright © PMGroup Worldwide Ltd 2016
null
Dienstag, 15.11.2016 Börsentäglich über 12.000 News von 551 internationalen Medien Indizes Kurs % News 24 h / 7 T Aufrufe 7 Tage Aktien Kurs % News 24 h / 7 T Aufrufe 7 Tage Xetra-Orderbuch Devisen Kurs % Rohstoffe Kurs % Passende Knock-Outs zu Ihrer Suchanfrage (Anzeige) Erweiterte Suche Ad hoc-Mitteilungen Startseite Nachrichten Aktienkurse Fonds Anleihen Derivate Rohstoffe Devisen Watchlist Aufklappen Schliessen Nachrichten»BMY's Opdivo At The Altar Again, MRK Gets FDA Nod, Watch Out For OASM 24.10.2016 | 06:27 (20 Leser) Schrift ändern: (0 Bewertungen) AFX News·Mehr Nachrichten von AFX News BMY's Opdivo At The Altar Again, MRK Gets FDA Nod, Watch Out For OASM NEW YORK CITY (dpa-AFX) - Bristol-Myers Squibb Co.'s (BMY) supplemental Biologics License Application, seeking expanded use of Opdivo to patients with locally advanced unresectable or metastatic urothelial carcinoma that has progressed on or after platinum-containing therapy has been granted priority review by the FDA - with a decision date set for March 2, 2017. Opdivo, as a single agent or in combination with Yervoy, is already approved for a number of indications. The drug generated global sales of $942 million in 2015. Thanks to expanding indications, the drug's sales in the first half of 2016 are an impressive $1.54 billion. Opdivo works by targeting the cellular pathway known as PD-1/PD-L1 (proteins found on the body's immune cells and some cancer cells). Blockading this pathway helps the body's immune system fight the cancer cells. BMY closed Friday's trading at $50.02, down 0.68%. The FDA has approved Merck's (MRK) ZINPLAVA Injection to reduce recurrence of Clostridium difficile infection, or CDI, in patients 18 years of age or older undergoing treatment with antibiotics for CDI and who are at high risk for CDI recurrence. ZINPLAVA is not an antibacterial drug and is not indicated for the treatment of CDI. It should only be used in conjunction with antibacterial drug treatment of CDI. Merck anticipates making ZINPLAVA available in first quarter 2017. In other news, Merck's phase III trial of approved drug KEYTRUDA in patients with previously treated advanced urothelial cancer has met the primary endpoint of overall survival. In the trial, dubbed KEYNOTE-045, KEYTRUDA was superior compared to investigator choice chemotherapy. Given the encouraging data, an independent Data Monitoring Committee has recommended that the trial be stopped early. KEYTRUDA is already indicated for the treatment of metastatic melanoma, metastatic non-small cell lung cancer, and recurrent or metastatic head and neck squamous cell carcinoma. The sales of the drug for full year 2015 were $566 million, and were $563 million in the first half of this year. MRK closed Friday's trading at $61.20, down 1.16%. Italy-based Newron Pharmaceuticals S.p.A. (NWRN) is all set to face the FDA on March 21, 2017, thanks to the U.S. regulatory agency accepting the resubmitted Xadago NDA as a complete Class 2 response. Xadago is being proposed as an add-on therapy to dopamine agonists or to levodopa in patients with early or mid- to late-stage Parkinson's disease. Newron's Xadago was turned down by the FDA in March of this year, with the regulatory agency requesting potential effect of Xadago on behaviors relating to abuse liability and dependence/withdrawal effects as required by the Controlled Substance Staff (CSS) in the Center for Drug Evaluation and Research (CDER) at the FDA. The company resubmitted the Xadago NDA to the FDA last month. Xadago has received marketing authorization for the treatment of Parkinson's disease in the European Union and Switzerland and is commercialized by Newron's Partner Zambon. NWRN.SW closed Friday's trading at $20.75, up 5.33%. Shares of Oasmia Pharmaceutical AB (OASM) rose over 4% on Friday on news that the company is in discussions concerning acquisition of a novel cancer project. More details are expected to be released on Monday at the latest. OASM closed Friday's trading at $2.70, up 4.25%. Vascular Solutions Inc. (VASC) has received FDA clearance for its Fluent inflation device for use during cardiovascular procedures to create, maintain, and monitor pressure in balloon catheters. Fluent received CE Mark clearance in August 2016 and has already begun international clinical evaluations. The commercial launch of Fluent in the U.S. and Europe is expected to commence during this quarter. VASC closed Friday's trading at $46.77, down 0.04%. Copyright RTT News/dpa-AFX © 2016 AFX News Sie erhalten auf FinanzNachrichten.de kostenlose Realtime-Aktienkurse von  und  mit der Push-Technologie von   Wie bewerten Sie die aktuell angezeigte Seite?sehr gut123456schlechtProblem melden Google+ Seite Nachrichten • Aktienkurse • DAX • Xetra-Orderbuch • Watchlist Ad hoc-Mitteilungen • Nachrichten Börsen • Aktien-Empfehlungen Branchen • Medien • Nachrichten-Archiv Impressum | AGB | Disclaimer • Presse • Mediadaten RSS-News von FinanzNachrichten.de kostenlos für Ihren Browser und Ihre Homepage
▮ Home ▮ Business Latest Headlines Top Stories Breaking News Earnings Biotech Investors IPOs M&A Canadian UK Key Wallstreet Events ▮ Industry News Technology Software Banking Automotive Energy More ▮ Stock Alerts Active Traders Before the Bell $5 and under Intraday Updates After the Bell ▮ Corp. Calendars Dividends Stock Splits Buybacks Conference Calls ▮ Earnings Calendars Earnings Calendar Pos Pre-announcements Profit Warnings Positive Surprise Negative Surprise Latest Earnings ▮ FDA Calendars Drug Approvals Device Approvals Clinical Trial Calendar ▮ Ratings Changes Upgrades Downgrades Cov Initiations Cov. Reiterated ▮ Economy US Europe Asia Global Economic Calendar Economic Scorecard Fed Members ▮ Markets Morning Mkt Analysis US Commentary European Commentary Asian Commentary Canadian Commentary Indian Commentary Commodities Bonds Currencies ▮ Politics US World White House Elections Congress General News ▮ Forex FX Top Stories Currency Analysis Currency Alerts Economic Calendar Economic Scorecard ▮ Health Hot Topics Diet & Fitness Kids Health Men's Health Women's Health Cancer News Drug Development Mental Health ▮ Tech Hot Topics Gadgets & Games Mobile Green Tech ▮ Entertainment Top Stories TV News Movie News Slide Shows Game of Thrones ▮ Music news Pop Rock Classic Rock Rap/Hip-Hop Country Alternative Oldies All Genre ▮ Content Licensing Newswires & Feeds Content Syndication Digital Signage Services Radio News Services ▮ Premium Emerging Biostocks Under The Radar Short-Term Investor NewsStream Login ▮ More Free Content RSS Feeds Search ▮ Blog Political Science / Nature Fundamental Analysis ▮ Columns Science & Tech Arts & Leisure Politics & Policy Money Home Business Latest Headlines Top Stories Breaking News Earnings Biotech Investors IPOs M&A Canadian UK Key Wallstreet Events Industry News Technology Software Banking Automotive Energy More Stock Alerts Active Traders Before the Bell $5 and under Intraday Updates After the Bell Corp. Calendars Dividends Stock Splits Buybacks Conference Calls Earnings Calendars Earnings Calendar Pos Pre-announcements Profit Warnings Positive Surprise Negative Surprise Latest Earnings FDA Calendars Drug Approvals Device Approvals Clinical Trial Calendar Ratings Changes Upgrades Downgrades Cov Initiations Cov. Reiterated Economy US Europe Asia Global Economic Calendar Economic Scorecard Fed Members Markets Morning Mkt Analysis US Commentary European Commentary Asian Commentary Canadian Commentary Indian Commentary Commodities Bonds Currencies Politics US World White House Elections Congress General News Forex FX Top Stories Currency Analysis Currency Alerts Economic Calendar Economic Scorecard Health Hot Topics Diet & Fitness Kids Health Men's Health Women's Health Cancer News Drug Development Mental Health Tech Hot Topics Gadgets & Games Mobile Green Tech Entertainment Top Stories TV News Movie News Slide Shows Game of Thrones Music news Pop Rock Classic Rock Rap/Hip-Hop Country Alternative Oldies All Genre Content Licensing Newswires & Feeds Content Syndication Digital Signage Services Radio News Services Premium Emerging Biostocks Under The Radar Short-Term Investor NewsStream Login More Free Content RSS Feeds Search Blog Political Science / Nature Fundamental Analysis Columns Science & Tech Arts & Leisure Politics & Policy Money TODAY'S TOP STORIES   E-MAIL  SHARE FONT-SIZE    Tweet Share BMY's Opdivo At The Altar Again, MRK Gets FDA Nod, Watch Out For OASM 10/24/2016 12:11 AM ET Bristol-Myers Squibb Co.'s (BMY) supplemental Biologics License Application, seeking expanded use of Opdivo to patients with locally advanced unresectable or metastatic urothelial carcinoma that has progressed on or after platinum-containing therapy has been granted priority review by the FDA - with a decision date set for March 2, 2017. Opdivo, as a single agent or in combination with Yervoy, is already approved for a number of indications. The drug generated global sales of $942 million in 2015. Thanks to expanding indications, the drug's sales in the first half of 2016 are an impressive $1.54 billion. Opdivo works by targeting the cellular pathway known as PD-1/PD-L1 (proteins found on the body's immune cells and some cancer cells). Blockading this pathway helps the body's immune system fight the cancer cells. BMY closed Friday's trading at $50.02, down 0.68%. The FDA has approved Merck's (MRK) ZINPLAVA Injection to reduce recurrence of Clostridium difficile infection, or CDI, in patients 18 years of age or older undergoing treatment with antibiotics for CDI and who are at high risk for CDI recurrence. ZINPLAVA is not an antibacterial drug and is not indicated for the treatment of CDI. It should only be used in conjunction with antibacterial drug treatment of CDI. Merck anticipates making ZINPLAVA available in first quarter 2017. In other news, Merck's phase III trial of approved drug KEYTRUDA in patients with previously treated advanced urothelial cancer has met the primary endpoint of overall survival. In the trial, dubbed KEYNOTE-045, KEYTRUDA was superior compared to investigator choice chemotherapy. Given the encouraging data, an independent Data Monitoring Committee has recommended that the trial be stopped early. KEYTRUDA is already indicated for the treatment of metastatic melanoma, metastatic non-small cell lung cancer, and recurrent or metastatic head and neck squamous cell carcinoma. The sales of the drug for full year 2015 were $566 million, and were $563 million in the first half of this year. MRK closed Friday's trading at $61.20, down 1.16%. Italy-based Newron Pharmaceuticals S.p.A. (NWRN) is all set to face the FDA on March 21, 2017, thanks to the U.S. regulatory agency accepting the resubmitted Xadago NDA as a complete Class 2 response. Xadago is being proposed as an add-on therapy to dopamine agonists or to levodopa in patients with early or mid- to late-stage Parkinson's disease. Newron's Xadago was turned down by the FDA in March of this year, with the regulatory agency requesting potential effect of Xadago on behaviors relating to abuse liability and dependence/withdrawal effects as required by the Controlled Substance Staff (CSS) in the Center for Drug Evaluation and Research (CDER) at the FDA. The company resubmitted the Xadago NDA to the FDA last month. Xadago has received marketing authorization for the treatment of Parkinson's disease in the European Union and Switzerland and is commercialized by Newron's Partner Zambon. NWRN.SW closed Friday's trading at $20.75, up 5.33%. Shares of Oasmia Pharmaceutical AB (OASM) rose over 4% on Friday on news that the company is in discussions concerning acquisition of a novel cancer project. More details are expected to be released on Monday at the latest. OASM closed Friday's trading at $2.70, up 4.25%. Vascular Solutions Inc. (VASC) has received FDA clearance for its Fluent inflation device for use during cardiovascular procedures to create, maintain, and monitor pressure in balloon catheters. Fluent received CE Mark clearance in August 2016 and has already begun international clinical evaluations. The commercial launch of Fluent in the U.S. and Europe is expected to commence during this quarter. VASC closed Friday's trading at $46.77, down 0.04%. by RTT Staff Writer For comments and feedback: editorial@rttnews.com Business News The Most Influential Books In Business Fed Chatterbox: Economic Preview Week of November 14 Forget Canada: The Best Places To Flee Trump's America More Top Stories Nasdaq Names Adena Friedman CEO Cedar Crest Cookie Dough Ice Cream Recalled Naughty Dating Site Adult Friendfinder Users Exposed By Hack Upgrade: Steel Stocks In For Trump Renaissance Stocks Close Mixed Following Lackluster Session - U.S. Commentary McDonald's Trying Sriracha Big Mac IPO Watch: WildHorse Wants To Fund Acquisition Stocks Remain Mixed In Mid-Day Trading - U.S. Commentary Amaya Gets Huge Buyout Bid From Former CEO Major Averages Turning In Mixed Performance In Early Trading - U.S. Commentary Zuckerberg: Facebook Hoax News Did Not Get Trump Elected Kenneth Cole Closing Brick-and-Mortars Trump To Take Only $1 As Salary; No Vacations Trump Names Priebus As Chief Of Staff; Stephen Bannon As Chief Strategist Diabetes Grows In Alarming Pace <<Previous        45 Articles Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. comments powered by Disqus RELATED NEWS Bristol-Myers : FDA Oks Opdivo For Treatment Of Recurrent Or Metastatic SCCHN Bristol-Myers Squibb: Opdivo Meets Primary Endpoint Of Overall Survival Bristol-Myers Squibb To Present At Credit Suisse Conference; Webcast At 10:00 AM Bristol-Myers Announces New Data Presentations From Studies Evaluating Opdivo Bristol-Myers Rising Sharply On Upbeat Q3 Results, Guidance Trade BMY now with  Follow RTT Editor's Pick Most Read Most Emailed Amaya Gets Huge Buyout Bid From Former CEO Zuckerberg: Facebook Hoax News Did Not Get Trump Elected Kenneth Cole Closing Brick-and-Mortars Samsung To Buy Harman Intl' In About $8 Bln All-cash Deal Siemens To Buy Mentor Graphics For $4.5 Bln Enterprise Value Nasty Gal Files For Bankruptcy Allianz Stock Climbs On Q3 Profit Growth, Confirms FY16 Profit View Walt Disney Q4 Profit Down - Update Forget Canada: The Best Places To Escape Trump's America Continental Stock Dips On Weak Q3 Profit; Sees Strong Earnings In Q4 AstraZeneca Q3 Pre-tax Profit Down On Crestor Generic; Backs FY View Alphabet Cancels Drone Deal With Starbucks As Project Leaders Pushed Out ADAP Surges As FDA Lifts Clinical Hold, OCUL Catches Eyes, RegeneRx On The Rise ARWR's Hepatitis B Drug On Clinical Hold, GMED Disappoints, A First For MYL AdvancePierre Foods Appoints Christopher Sliva As President ANTH Plunges As Lupus Trial Fails, BMY's Opdivo Is At It Again, FDA Nod For GILD Engie 9-month EBITDA Declines - Quick Facts AMGN Crosses BRIDGE, Anxiety Over PTCT's Translarna Eases, EGRX Opens Wallet Pfizer : IBRANCE Approved In Europe To Treat HR+/HER2- Metastatic Breast Cancer Forget Canada: The Best Places To Escape Trump's America Alphabet Cancels Drone Deal With Starbucks As Project Leaders Pushed Out Google Rejects EU Antitrust Charges Allianz Stock Climbs On Q3 Profit Growth, Confirms FY16 Profit View Walt Disney Q4 Profit Down - Update Facebook Taking Aim At LinkedIn Samsung To Buy Harman Intl' In About $8 Bln All-cash Deal Rio Tinto Suspends Unit CEO Alan Davies Amid Guinea Payments Investigation Alstom Turns To Profit In H1; Sales, Orders Up; Backs 2020 View - Quick Facts Kuka Group Q3 Profit Surges; Lowers FY16 Sales Outlook - Quick Facts HeidelbergCement Q3 Profit Down;says Confident To Exceed €400 Mln Synergy Target Osram Licht Q4 Profit Declines; Sees Growth In 2017 - Quick Facts Heidelberg Reports Positive Net Result In Q2; Affirms Fiscal Year Targets Carlsberg Q3 Revenues Decline; But Lifts FY16 Profit Outlook - Quick Facts E.ON 9-month Loss Narrows; Confirms 2016 Profit Outlook Munich Re Lifts FY View, Q3 Profit Rises - Quick Facts Swiss Life 9-month Fee Income Rises; Premiums Down; On Track For FY16 Targets Copyright © 2016 RTTNews. All rights reserved. By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Service. About Us   |   Privacy   |   Feedback   |   Sitemap
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login MENU Stock Picks Learn More News Investing News Fool Podcasts Guides How to Invest Retirement Personal Finance Motley Fool Answers Options Trading Find a Broker Compare IRA Accounts Community Discussion Boards CAPS More About Help My Fool My Fool My Profile My Watchlist My Scorecard My Boards My CAPS My Reports My Subscriptions My Settings Premium Advice My Services None Other Services None Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Search Search: Merck & Co.'s Keytruda Is "Off to The Races" Keytruda sales are already growing rapidly, but a recent approval in first-line, non-small-cell lung cancer could be about to make sales climb even more quickly. Todd Campbell (TMFEBCapital) Oct 25, 2016 at 3:40PM Since launching in late 2014, sales of Merck & Co.'s (NYSE:MRK) Keytruda, a cancer fighting drug, are already growing quickly. However, a new FDA approval of Keytruda as a first-line therapy for metastatic non-small-cell lung cancer could make Keytruda's sales pace accelerate even more in the coming year. Image source: Stockmonkeys.com via Flickr. What is Keytruda? Keytruda inhibits the activity of programmed death ligand 1, or PD-L1, a key protein that hinders a patient's T-cell's from identifying and killing cancer cells. By curbing the expression of PD-L1, Keytruda keeps cancer from being able to exploit PD-L1 to evade the immune system. That's incredibly important because studies show that high tumor expression of PD-L1 can be associated with increased tumor aggressiveness and a significant increase in risk of death. Based on Keytruda's positive efficacy in human trials, the FDA's already approved Keytruda's use in melanoma, head and neck cancer, and lung cancer patients. Up until now, Keytruda's use in lung cancer was restricted to a subset of patients whose disease remains after receiving platinum-containing chemotherapy, and whose tumors have a specific genetic make-up. However, the FDA significantly expanded that patient population on Oct. 24 when it approved Keytruda's first-line use in metastatic NSCLC patients prior to chemotherapy who express PD-1 at a rate greater than 50%. A decision on Keytruda's use in these patients hadn't been expected until Christmastime. Keytruda's market opportunity Keytruda competes head-to-head against Bristol-Myers Squibb's (NYSE:BMY) PD-1 inhibitor Opdivo, and so far Opdivo's sales have outpaced Keytruda's. While Keytruda's sales were $314 million in Q2, Opdivos's sales that quarter totaled $840 million. Opdivo's market leading position has been largely due to the fact that Keytruda requires PD-L1 testing prior to its use, while Opdivo doesn't. Opdivo's advantage, however, is disappearing. Although both Merck and Bristol-Myers Squibb evaluated their drugs in the first-line NSCLC setting, only Keytruda proved that it works better in high-expressing PD-1 patients than standard chemotherapy. Keytruda's win in first-line patients should encourage doctors to switch over to it quickly, making PD-L1 testing common. If so, then the availability of PD-L1 data later in treatment could erase Opdivo's advantage in later-stage patients who haven't yet received Keytruda therapy. Since Keytruda's once every three week dosing is better than Opdivo's bi-weekly dosing, Opdivo's NSCLC revenue could shift rapidly to Merck over the next year. Following Keytruda's first-line approval, analysts are adjusting their peak sales estimates higher for Keytruda and lower for Opdivo. For instance, Bernstein analysts have bumped up their Keytruda outlook for next year by $1 billion and they now expect Keytruda sales of $7.8 billion in 2025, up from $5.35 billion previously. In Q3, Keytruda's sales clocked in at a $1.4 billion pace. Bernstein is targeting Opdivo sales of $10.3 billion in 2025, down from prior estimates of $13.3 billion. Looking ahead Up-regulation of PD-L1 allows many cancer types to evade the immune system, and both Merck and Bristol-Myers are conducting dozens of trials in hopes of expanding Keytruda and Opdivo's labels to include more patients. Many of these trials are combining Keytruda and Opdivo with other cancer fighting agents, which suggests that these drugs could become the backbone of a standard of care in cancer. Assuming trials continue to pan out, both of these drugs appear to have long-lasting, megablockbuster potential. Since Keytruda has patent protection in the U.S. until 2028, it's likely to move the needle for investors for a while.  Todd Campbell has no position in any stocks mentioned. Todd owns E.B. Capital Markets, LLC. E.B. Capital's clients may have positions in the companies mentioned. Like this article? Follow him on Twitter where he goes by the handle @ebcapital to see more articles like this. The Motley Fool has no position in any of the stocks mentioned. Try any of our Foolish newsletter services free for 30 days. We Fools may not all hold the same opinions, but we all believe that considering a diverse range of insights makes us better investors. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author Todd Campbell (TMFEBCapital) Todd has been helping buy side portfolio managers as an independent researcher for over a decade. In 2003, Todd founded E.B. Capital Markets, LLC, a research firm providing action oriented ideas to professional investors. Todd has provided insight to a variety of publications, including SmartMoney, Barron's, and CNN/fn. Follow @ebcapital Article Info Oct 25, 2016 at 3:40PM Health Care Stocks Merck and Co. NYSE:MRK $63.53 down $0.42 (-0.66%) Bristol-Myers Squibb NYSE:BMY $56.56 up $0.19 (0.34%) Read More Legal Dispute Puts Ionis Pharmaceuticals' Payday on Hold After Opdivo's Failure, Is Merck a Better Buy Than Bristol-Myers? Merck's Mixed Q1 Results Are Marred By 1 Disappointing Drug Debut Get Paid While You Wait: 3 Top Big Pharma Dividend Stocks A Big Breakthrough for Ovarian Cancer Patients Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Terms of Use Privacy Policy Copyright, Trademark and Patent Information Terms and Conditions © 1995 - 2016 The Motley Fool. All rights reserved. Current New stock picks released in...         Get The Picks x
News Specialties CME / CE Collections Medical News Latest Medical News Health Policy Practice Management Public Health Washington Watch Meeting Coverage Blogs & Columns Specialties Allergy & Immunology Anesthesiology Cardiology Critical Care Dermatology Emergency Medicine Endocrinology Gastroenterology Genetics Geriatrics HIV / AIDS Hospital-Based Medicine Infectious Disease Nephrology Neurology Nursing OB / GYN Oncology / Hematology Ophthalmology Orthopedics Pain Management Pathology Pediatrics Primary Care Psychiatry Pulmonology Radiology Rheumatology Surgery Transplantation Urology Continuing Medical Education CME / CE Clinical Context State Required CME Graduate Medical Education CME Tracker Mastery Of Medicine Collections AGA Reading Room ASCO Reading Room Surveys Quizzes Special Reports Sign Up Log In Sign Up Log In Search CMS to Cover Leadless Pacemakers ... But Only in Studies 10 Key Tech Hazards in 2017: HealthLeaders Media Contact Lenses of the Future Will Do More Than Correct Vision Antibiotic Resistance Can Decline, Too False PTSD: A Diagnostic Challenge LATEST MEDICAL NEWS the gupta guideSanjay Gupta, MD, Editor Oncology/Hematology Anti-PD-1 Agent Gets First-Line Nod for NSCLC Selected patients with high PD-L1 expression, no targetable mutations MedpageToday savesaved by Charles Bankhead Charles Bankhead Senior Associate Editor, MedPage Today October 25, 2016 WASHINGTON -- The role of anti-PD-1 therapy in non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC) has now reached first-line status, as the FDA has now approved pembrolizumab (Keytruda) as an option for initial therapy in selected patients, according to manufacturer Merck. Announced late Monday, the approval granted a first-line indication for patients who have tumors with a tumor progression score (TPS) ≥50%, as determined by an FDA-approved test for PD-L1 expression, and no actionable EGFR or ALK mutations. The expanded indication was based on data from the KEYNOTE-024, reported at the European Society for Medical Oncology conference, which demonstrated a survival advantage with pembrolizumab versus platinum-based chemotherapy as first-line therapy for metastatic NSCLC. The implications of the new indication go far beyond the usual expanded-indication status granted by the FDA, said Roy S. Herbst, MD, PhD, of Yale Cancer Center in New Haven, Conn. He estimated that the patient-selection criteria stipulated by the approval encompasses 20% to 30% of patients with untreated metastatic NSCLC. “This is huge, to think that we have replaced chemotherapy in first line in lung cancer with an immunotherapy for a large number of patients,” Herbst told MedPage Today. “The assay for PD-L1 expression identified patients who were more likely to respond to PD-1 inhibition, and I think it represents a new standard of care.” At the same time, the FDA updated pembrolizumab labeling related to its current indication for second-line use, defining appropriate patients as those with metastatic NSCLC associated with TPS ≥1%, disease progression during or after first-line platinum-based chemotherapy, and no EGFR or ALK mutations. The labeling update reflected data from the recently reported KEYNOTE-010 randomized trial, which demonstrated improved survival with pembrolizumab versus docetaxel as second-line therapy for metastatic NSCLC. The principal investigator in KEYNOTE-010, Herbst acknowledged that PD-L1 is not a perfect biomarker. “As good as it is, it still identifies only 20% to 30% of the patients with advanced non-small cell lung cancer. We still have to figure out what to do for the rest of the patients,” said Herbst. “For starters, we probably have to give some thought to combination therapy for patients who test negative for PD-L1. “PD-L1 is not a perfect biomarker but it’s good enough that I would recommend that everyone get tested for PD-L1 expression,” Herbst added. “There is probably a group of patients who could benefit from PD-1 inhibition but who are not getting the therapy. Probably need to look at mutational load, gene signatures, and presence or absence of inflammation.” 2016-10-25T14:00:00-0400 0 comments Next More in Oncology/Hematology The $160 a Month Cancer Management Solution Cancer Management Without the Hospital: A Patient's Story Keeping Chemo Patients Away From Hospitals NCCN Launches Campaign on Vincristine Safety Bias in Prostate Biopsy Decision Affects Risk Factors Few Childhood Ca Survivors Ever Fully Recover Pearls from: John Byrd, MD Anal Cancer Rates Continue to Rise Next Article MedPageToday is a trusted and reliable source for clinical and policy coverage that directly affects the lives and practices of health care professionals. Physicians and other healthcare professionals may also receive Continuing Medical Education (CME) and Continuing Education (CE) credits at no cost for participating in MedPage Today-hosted educational activities. © 2016 MedPage Today, LLC. All rights reserved. Use of this site constitutes acceptance of the MedPageToday.com terms of use and privacy policy. The material on this site is for informational purposes only, and is not a substitute for medical advice, diagnosis or treatment provided by a qualified health care provider. About Help Center Site Map Advertise with Us
Latest News Dow 18,869 +21.03 +0.11% Nasdaq 5,218 -18.72 -0.36% S&P 500 2,164 -0.25 -0.01% 6:20 P.M. ET Google to block its ads from fake-news sites 6:18 P.M. ET 'Mars': National Geographic Network's Moonshot 6:04 P.M. ET Obama Addresses Concerns About Bannon's Appointment 6:06 P.M. ET Updated David Einhorn’s Greenlight Capital reduces stakes in Apple, GM, buys U.S. Steel 6:04 P.M. ET Updated SEC chief Mary Jo White announces plans to leave 6:02 P.M. ET Obama Addresses Concerns About Bannon's Appointment 5:47 P.M. ET Updated Deutsche Bank raises S&P 500 year-end target after postelection rally 5:35 P.M. ET George Soros buys stakes in Alphabet, Netflix, dumps Disney, General Motors 5:31 P.M. ET Updated Donald Trump and Vladimir Putin speak by phone 5:19 P.M. ET Financial services industry is at risk to get even whiter 5:15 P.M. ET David Tepper's hedge fund buys new stakes in Apple, Bank of America and Facebook 5:11 P.M. ET Estee Lauder to buy Too Faced for $1.45B, looks to 'win with millennials' 5:10 P.M. ET Einhorn adds Aercap, Calpine, United States Steel, trims Apple stake 5:02 P.M. ET My father-in-law married his girlfriend before he died — she won’t return our calls 5:02 P.M. ET Tepper's Appaloosa sells entire 4.4 mln-share stake in 21st Century Fox during Q3--SEC filing 5:02 P.M. ET SEC says Mary Jo White to leave at the end of the Obama administration 5:00 P.M. ET Nasdaq names Adena Friedman president and CEO 5:00 P.M. ET The ‘Trump trade’ is shaking up markets around the globe 4:59 P.M. ET Updated CORRECT: Tepper's Appaloosa buys new 4.1 mln-share stake in Bank of America during Q3--SEC filing 4:58 P.M. ET Updated CORRECT: Tepper's Appaloosa trims Allergan stake slightly 1.2 mln shares during Q3--SEC filing Log In Home News Viewer Video SectorWatch Podcasts First Take Games Portfolio My MarketWatch News Viewer Markets U.S. Europe/Middle East Emerging Markets Asia Canada SectorWatch Columns Market Snapshot Movers & Shakers The Tell Currencies Futures Movers Pre-Market News Tools Earnings Wall Markets Overview IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar Currency Tools Futures Contracts Market Screener Hulbert Interactive Investing Stocks Mutual Funds ETFs Options Bonds Commodities Currencies Futures Hedge Funds/Insider Trades Getting Started MarketWatch Adviser Columns Options Trader Revolution Investing Tools Stock Screener Funds Finder ETF Screener Options Screener IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar More... Trading Deck . Personal Finance 10 Things Big Spender Real Estate Spending & Saving Taxes Columns The Moneyologist Brett Arends Bill Bischoff Amy Hoak Chuck Jaffe Jennifer Openshaw Jennifer Waters Tools Funds Finder Today's Rates Retirement RetireMentors Encore Taxes Retire Here, Not There How-to Guides Social Security Estate Planning Events Columns Robert Powell's Retirement Portfolio Andrea Coombes's Working Retirement Tools Retirement Planner How long will my money last? Economy Federal Reserve Capitol Report Economic Report Columns Darrell Delamaide Irwin Kellner Rex Nutting Tools Economic Calendar Real Estate Location Scouts realtor.com My MarketWatch Watchlist Alerts Games Log In Until Tokyo Markets Open US Market Snapshot Currencies Commodities Home Industries Pharmaceuticals Gardasil propelled Merck to a strong third quarter — but don’t expect that to last By Emma Court Published: Oct 25, 2016 2:30 p.m. ET Share Higher prices and sales brought in $860 million in the third quarter Getty Images By EmmaCourt Reporter Higher sales and a higher price for Merck & Co.’s years-old HPV vaccine Gardasil helped propel the company to a third-quarter earnings and revenue beat, though the company cautioned that the effect could be short-lived. Sales of Gardasil and the newer Gardasil 9 topped $860 million in the third quarter, a 38% increase from sales in the year-earlier period, according to an 8-K report filed by Merck MRK, -0.66%  on Tuesday. The sales bump wasn’t attributable to price increases on Gardasil alone, Merck said, but rather to typical price increases combined with an increasing shift by patients to the more expensive Gardasil 9, which prevents against nine types of HPV compared to Gardasil’s four and was approved in late 2014. Read: Merck profit, revenue boosted by cancer drugs Price increases were “similar to price increases we’ve had in the past, you haven’t seen any difference or acceleration, per se,” management said on the company’s conference call, according to the FactSet transcript. “Most patients are moving to the 9 valent vaccine. That’s a price increase, plus a difference in price between those two.” Gardasil sales in the third quarter grew 36% in the U.S. But Merck said that a recent pronouncement by the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention — that boys and girls under age 15 only need two doses of the vaccine — should negatively impact the vaccine’s sales moving forward. The effect is difficult to predict because patients pay per Gardasil dose, and could spread doses out over time, Merck said. The CDC recommends 11 to 12-year-old patients space the doses at least half a year apart. See: How a Merck cancer breakthrough caused Bristol-Myers’ stock to plunge Though there’s “certainly going to be an impact,” of the CDC’s new recommendations, the company said, “the magnitude right now, we can’t be certain of.” The company noted the new U.S. dosing has been adopted in some other markets. The new guidelines have prompted speculation of an increase in the price of a dose of Gardasil. Merck declined to comment on the question outside of the “negative impact on sales” going forward. Related: These investors, many with religious ties, are calling for drug price transparency Despite Merck’s negative portrayal of the CDC decision, it also alleviates a problem the company has long faced: that most of those getting the vaccine aren’t completing the full three doses. The issue will continue to linger for Merck, since patients getting the dose in their midteens through their twenties will continue to need all three doses, per the CDC. More from MarketWatch Trump reportedly stumped by how West Wing works What Donald Trump's Presidency Could Mean for Taxes Trump said to be ‘disgusted’ with Chris Christie MarketWatch Partner Center We Want to Hear from You Join the conversation Comment Celebrity Real Estate News Celebrities renege on their pledges to move out of U.S on the back of Trump win View More Investing If you're shocked that Trump won, you broke 3 basic principles of investing View More Barron's Next Dear President-Elect Trump, a millennial wishlist View More Investing Opinion: A 12-step plan to strengthen your portfolio after Trump's victory View More MarketWatch Site Index Topics Help Feedback Newsroom Roster Media Archive Premium Products Mobile Company Company Info Code of Conduct Corrections Advertising Media Kit Advertise Locally Reprints & Licensing Broker Center Your Ad Choices Dow Jones Network WSJ.com Barron's Online BigCharts Virtual Stock Exchange Financial News Online WSJ.com Small Business realtor.com Mansion Global Back to Top Copyright ©2016 MarketWatch, Inc. All rights reserved. By using this site you agree to the Terms of Service, Privacy Policy, and Cookie Policy. Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. Intraday data delayed per exchange requirements. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real time last sale data provided by NASDAQ. More information on NASDAQ traded symbols and their current financial status. Intraday data delayed 15 minutes for Nasdaq, and 20 minutes for other exchanges. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. SEHK intraday data is provided by SIX Financial Information and is at least 60-minutes delayed. All quotes are in local exchange time. Advanced Search Stocks Columns Authors Topics No results found Merck & Co. Inc. U.S.: NYSE: MRK $63.53 -0.42 (-0.66%) Volume 9.3M Open $64.00 High $64.09 Low $63.24 P/E Ratio 32.41 Div Yield 2.9 Market Cap 176.3B LatestNews

Login/Register Contact Us Advertise NJBIZ News NJBIZ Daily News By Industry Banking, Finance & Accounting Education Energy & Utilities Food & Beverage Government Health Care & Pharma Law Manufacturing Real Estate Retail Sports & Entertainment Technology Transportation This Week's Issue This Week's Issue Executive Moves Opinion Spotlight Off the Clock Digital Edition Blogs All Blogs Breaking Glass Diversified Garden State Grub Industry Insights Millennial Minded Suitable For Work Regional News North Jersey Central Jersey South Jersey Grapevine Millennials Morning Roundup Women in Business Events Business Events All NJBIZ Events Best Places to Work in NJ Best 50 Women in Business Business of the Year Awards CFO of the Year 50 Fastest Growing Companies FoodBizNJ Forty Under 40 General Counsel Awards Healthcare Heroes NJ Chamber Innovation Gala NJ Manufacturing Day Public Private Partnership Awards Community Events Post an Event Sign up for NJBIZ Awards & Events Newsletter Sign up for Awards & Events Notifications Special Editions Lists Lists and Directories NJBIZ Top 250 2016 Book of Lists Data Subscription Photos Guest List Off the Clock Slideshows Opinion Power Lists 2015 Power 100 2014 Power 100 Power 50 Power 50 Health Care Power 50 Real Estate Executive Spotlights All Executive Spotlights Submit an Executive Close Up Submit an Executive Spotlight FAQ: Executive Spotlights & Executive Close Ups Subscribe Print, Digital & Data Subscriptions 8 Weeks Free Trial Subscription Daily & Other Newsletters Subscription Services FAQs Log In Health Care & Pharma Lung cancer drug fuels Merck sales growth in third quarter, as it tops earnings estimates By Eric Strauss, October 25, 2016 at 12:30 PM Kenilworth-based Merck said sales grew 5 percent in the third quarter, in part due to the U.S. approval of cancer drug Keytruda, it announced Tuesday. In addition, the drugmaker said earnings per share, excluding items, came in at $1.07 for the quarter, beating the consensus estimate of 99 cents reported by Investor’s Business Daily. “The latest achievements for Keytruda and other recent regulatory approvals across our portfolio show that our innovation strategy is working,” Chairman and CEO Kenneth C. Frazier said in a prepared statement. “We are confident that our focus on the science, along with continued commercial execution, will drive long-term results for the company and our shareholders.” Merck said sales came in at $10.5 billion for the quarter, up 5 percent from the year-ago period, while diluted earnings came in at 78 cents per share, up from 64 cents in the third quarter of 2015. The earnings of $1.07, excluding items, topped the year-ago figure of 96 cents, as well. Net income came in at $2.2 billion, up from $1.8 billion a year earlier, while net income excluding items was just under $3 billion, up from $2.7 billion. Finally, Merck narrowed and raised its full-year diluted EPS estimate to a range of $2.02 to $2.09, and its estimated EPS, excluding items, to a range of $3.71 to $3.78. It also narrowed and raised its full-year revenue estimate to a range of $39.7 billion to $40.2 billion. You May Have Missed... • Taxing event: How accounting firms are preparing clients for sudden change in laws around N.J.-Pennsylvania border • Diversity and the financial sector: Would different opinions produce different results? • Four changes to the tax laws your business needs to know about • How to handle your capital gains (or losses): How you act can make all the difference come tax time Share This Story On: Twitter Facebook Google+ LinkedIn   Eric Strauss Follow @acerimrat Eric Strauss is the digital content editor for NJBIZ. He has been a reporter and editor for newspapers in New Jersey and Pennsylvania, as well as for a number of websites. You can contact him at erics@njbiz.com. Leave a Comment Your Name: Validation: Comment: Please note: All comments will be reviewed and may take up to 24 hours to appear on the site. Post Comment View Comment Policy Comments Also on NJBIZ.com Christie out as chairman of Trump transition, reports say Two N.J. colleges make Military Times list of best schools for vets Logistics firm opens Sewell warehouse Advanced search Most Popular Most Commented 1 Update: JFK, Hackensack Meridian announce merger plans, co-branding 2 Christie out as chairman of Trump transition, reports say 3 NJBIZ ranks state's fastest-growing companies (slideshow) 4 Editorial: Do those red states know something we don't? 5 Logistics firm opens Sewell warehouse 1 Christie has 'no recollection' of being told of GWB lane closures (2) 2 On her own terms: Flagg took over construction company after death of her husband (1) 3 N.J. business community applauds TTF ballot question approval (1) Featured News Lincoln Equities Group explains how it lured Allergan to 5 Giralda Beyond the law: Today's attorneys find that knowing their field means studying more than its legal element NAIOP New Jersey honors some of real estate industry's finest at awards dinner Building the future: Industry icon Sanzari constructing new headquarters in Hackensack Drink it up: A Keurig for cocktails? Clinton's Walker feels BIBO Barmaid offers easy way to make mixed drinks at home Editorial: Do those red states know something we don't? NJBIZ.com Latest News NJBIZ in Print Subscribe to Print Subscribe to Email Newsletters Special Editions Lists Events Blogs Advertising With NJBIZ Media Kit Advertise in Print Advertise Online Event Sponsorships Production Info Customer Service Contact NJBIZ Help & FAQ About NJBIZ NJBIZ Staff Directions Terms and Conditions Privacy Policy Resources Archive Search Business Lists Services Employee Engagement Surveys Web Design and Development Video Production © 2016 BridgeTower Media. All information on this site is copyrighted by BridgeTower Media. All images are the sole property of BridgeTower Media and no rights are granted for any use without the express written consent of BridgeTower Media.
null
null
WSOC Charlotte LIVE http://www.wsoctv.com/cmg-main-theme/css WSOC Charlotte Sign in Sign Out Member Center Register SIGN IN Sign in using your wsoc profile {* #userInformationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* traditionalSignIn_password *} Remember Me Forgot password? {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} {* /userInformationForm *} Need a profile? Register now. OR Sign in with: {* loginWidget *} Sign Up / Sign In Welcome Back {* welcomeName *} {* loginWidget *} Use another account Sign Up / Sign In Welcome back. Please sign in {* #userInformationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* traditionalSignIn_password *} {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} {* /userInformationForm *} Use another account You're Almost Done! Please confirm the information below before signing in. {* #socialRegistrationForm *} {* socialRegistration_displayName *} {* socialRegistration_emailAddress *} *Indicates Required Field {* backButton *} {* socialRegistration_signInButton *} {* /socialRegistrationForm *} REGISTER Already have an account? Sign In *Required {* #registrationForm *} {* registration_firstName *} {* registration_lastName *} {* traditionalRegistration_emailAddress *} {* registration_postalZip *} {* registration_birthday *} {* traditionalRegistration_password *} {* traditionalRegistration_passwordConfirm *} {* traditionalRegistration_displayName *} By submitting your registration information, you agree to our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy. {* createAccountButton *} {* /registrationForm *} Thank you for registering! We have sent a confirmation email to {* data_emailAddress *}. Please check your email and click on the link to activate your account. Thank you for registering! We look forward to seeing you on [website] frequently. Visit us and sign in to update your profile, receive the latest news and keep up to date with mobile alerts. Click here to return to the page you were visiting. Create a new password Don't worry, it happens. We'll send you a link to create a new password. {* #forgotPasswordForm *} {* forgotPassword_emailAddress *} {* backButton *} {* forgotPassword_sendButton *} {* /forgotPasswordForm *} Email sent We have sent you an email with a link to change your password. {* mergeAccounts *} Sign in to complete account merge {* #tradAuthenticateMergeForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* mergePassword *} {* backButton *} {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} {* /tradAuthenticateMergeForm *} Why are we asking this? We collect zip code so that we may deliver news, weather, special offers and other content related to your specific geographic area. Thanks for verifying your email address Edit your profile Resend Email Verification Sorry we could not verify that email address. Enter your email below and we'll send you another email. {* #resendVerificationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* submitButton *} {* /resendVerificationForm *} Resend Email Verification Click submit to receive another verification email {* #resendVerificationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* /resendVerificationForm *} Your Verification Email Has Been Sent Check your email for a verification link Close 12388525 Home 12388579 News National & World News Report Breaking News Vote 2016 Nov. 8 Election Results Erica Parsons Keith Scott WSOC-TV apps Recalls 12388531 Weather Interactive Radar 5-Day Forecast Forecast Video Hour by Hour Current Closings Report Closings Closings Instructions WSOC-TV Weather Apps 12388633 Traffic NC Traffic Cameras SC Traffic Cameras Gas Prices Flight Tracker 12388669 Sports Big 22 Charlotte Hornets NASCAR HSFB Scoreboard High School Football March Madness Carolina Panthers 12388795 9 Investigates Action 9 Whistleblower 9 Chopper 9 Skyzoom 12388717 Video WSOC-TV Live Live Breaking News 1 Live Breaking News 2 465970643 Steves Coats Family Focus 9 School Tools 12388819 Entertainment GoCarolinas Contests 12388873 More Contact Us About Us TV64 Toyota of North Charlotte The Daily Two Advertise With Us Closed Captioning What's On Channel 9 What's On TV64 Privacy Policy Visitor Agreement Meet The Staff Talent Request Form More BREAKING NEWS Medical examiner releases official autopsy report for Keith Scott 1/1 Merck breezes past 3Q profit expectations, raises forecast by: LINDA A. JOHNSON, AP Medical Writer Updated: Oct 25, 2016 - 11:38 AM Twtter KENILWORTH, N.J. - Higher sales of vaccines and prescription medicines, coupled with restrained spending, helped Merck & Co. post a 20 percent jump in third-quarter profit, trouncing Wall Street expectations. The maker of Januvia diabetes pills raised and narrowed its 2016 financial forecasts, but noted some headwinds, including the start of U.S. generic competition to three drugs by year's end. Its shares edged higher in midday trading Tuesday. The second-biggest U.S. drugmaker is in transition, with revenue from older products such as immune disorder treatment Remicade and the Dulera asthma inhaler leveling off or falling amid increased competition. But sales are building for drugs launched since 2014, particularly immuno-oncology drug Keytruda and hepatitis C-curing Zepatier. Meanwhile, Zinplava for preventing recurrence of life-threatening C. difficile infections was approved Friday in the U.S., and Merck plans to apply soon for approval of experimental diabetes drug ertugliflozin and additional uses for Keytruda, its newest blockbuster, with more than $1 billion in sales over the past four quarters. In addition, chief executive Ken Frazier told analysts during a conference call that deals to boost Merck's pipeline of experimental drugs, with a focus on small -to-midsized assets that fit well within its business, are a priority. He noted Merck is calling attention to the innovation of its medicines amid the U.S. political furor over soaring drug prices. "We don't think these environmental pricing pressures will ease," Frazier said. Merck reported net income of $2.18 billion, or 78 cents per share. Adjusted for one-time gains and costs, earnings came to $1.07 per share, eclipsing the 98 cents analysts expected. The Kenilworth, New Jersey-based drugmaker reported revenue of $10.54 billion, up 5 percent and above Street forecasts for $10.24 billion. Sales of prescription drugs rose 6 percent to $9.44 billion, led by higher sales for Keytruda, cholesterol pill Zetia, drugs used in hospitals and Gardasil and other vaccines. Top seller Januvia and combination drug Jamumet, for Type 2 diabetes, saw sales dip 1 percent to a combined $1.56 billion. Sales of cholesterol medicines Zetia and Vytorin, which should face generic competition by year's end, edged up 1 percent to $944 million. Antibiotic Cubicin also is getting generic competition this quarter. Gardasil, a vaccine against cancer-causing human papilloma virus, saw sales jump 38 percent to $860 million, boosted by a higher U.S. price for a new version that protects against more strains of HPV, higher U.S. demand and purchases by government health programs. Children's vaccine Proquad also benefited from U.S. health program stockpiling, raising sales 28 percent to $496 million. Keytruda, one of the hot new cancer drugs that work by boosting the immune system to fight tumors, posted sales of $364 million, up 124 percent. Late Monday, the immuno-oncology drug won U.S. approval - two months ahead of schedule - for using Keytruda in bigger patient groups, including those newly diagnosed with lung cancer. Cancer drugs typically are approved initially for use after multiple other drugs have failed patients, then gradually allowed to be used earlier in treatment. Keytruda is already approved as a second-line treatment for lung cancer and for melanoma and head and neck cancer. It's being tested in about 300 patient studies, alone and combined with chemotherapy or other immuno-oncology drugs. "We are excited by the long-term potential of Keytruda against many different tumor types," pharmaceutical marketing head Adam Schechter told the analysts. Sanford Bernstein analyst Dr. Timothy Anderson wrote to investors that the early approval "helps cement the product's lead versus competitors in the large lung cancer market," which should further raise Keytruda sales. Sales of veterinary medicines rose 5 percent to $865 million, driven partly by the Bravecto line of flea and tick products. Merck now expects full-year earnings of $2.02 to $2.09, up from its July forecast of $1.98 to $2.08, and revenue of $39.7 billion to $40.2 billion, up from $39.1 billion to $40.1 billion. In midday trading, Merck shares rose 74 cents, or 1.2 percent, to $61.49 as the broader markets declined. Merck shares have risen more than 16 percent over the past year. _____ Follow Linda A. Johnson at www.twitter.com/LindaJ_onPharma Copyright 2016 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed. Twtter Merck breezes past 3Q profit expectations, raises forecast Woman hospitalized after saying large shark bit her off Maui Google highlighting inaccurate story about election results Jury hears that ex-cop's account contradicted by video Obama, Clinton tell Democrats not to despair News Local News National/World News Video Traffic WSOC-TV Weather Weather Storm Tracker HD Advertisers & Sponsors Cars at Autotrader Local Services at Kudzu Valpak Charlotte Coupons About Us About WSOC - TV What's on WSOC - TV Closed Captioning WSOC - TV EEOC Statement WSOC - TV Public File Contact / Program Director WSOC - TV Public File WAXN - TV EEOC Statement WAXN - TV Public File Contact / Program Director WAXN - TV Public File © 2016 Cox Media Group. By using this website, you accept the terms of our Visitor Agreement and Privacy Policy, and understand your options regarding Ad Choices. This station is part of Cox Media Group Television. Learn about careers at Cox Media Group.
Markets BI Intelligence Events Trending Tech Insider Finance Politics Strategy Life Sports Video All × From To You have successfully emailed the post. × 
     

 Merck raises its full-year forecast because one drug has been crushing it Ankur Banerjee, Reuters Oct. 25, 2016, 7:23 AM 1,431 facebook linkedin twitter email print A view of the Merck & Co. campus in Linden, New Jersey Thomson Reuters Merck & Co Inc reported a better-than-expected quarterly revenue, driven primarily by higher demand for its new cancer drug Keytruda and raised its full-year forecast. Merck shares were up 1.65 percent in premarket trading at $61.75 on Tuesday. The second-largest U.S. drugmaker is betting on Keytruda to boost earnings as demand wanes for its diabetes franchise, Januvia and a related combination medicine called Janumet, as well as its Remicade arthritis drug. The company said on Monday the U.S. Food and Drug Administration approved Keytruda for use in certain previously untreated lung cancer patients, making it the only approved first-line treatment. Keytruda quarterly sales rose to $356 million from $159 million. Total sales for the company increased 5 percent to $10.54 billion, above analysts' estimate of $10.18 billion, according to Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S. Net income attributable rose to $2.18 billion, or 78 cents per share, for the third quarter from $1.83 billion, or 64 cents per share, a year earlier. Excluding items, the company earned $1.07 per share, beating estimates of 99 cents per share. The company said it has narrowed and raised its full-year 2016 GAAP earnings to $2.02-$2.09 per share. It has also narrowed and raised its full-year revenue range to $39.7 billion -$40.2 billion. (Reporting by Ankur Banerjee in Bengaluru; Editing by Sriraj Kalluvila and Shounak Dasgupta) Read the original article on Reuters. Copyright 2016. Follow Reuters on Twitter. More from Reuters: Samsung just recalled nearly 3 million washing machines because they might explode U.S. to meet target of admitting 10,000 Syrian refugees: White House Fight for Syria's Aleppo exposes limits of Russian air power European privacy regulators to scrutinize WhatsApp privacy switch Transplant recipients who resume smoking have shorter survival SEE ALSO: Eli Lily missed on revenue thanks to weak demand outside the US NOW WATCH: The ‘Apple of China’ just unveiled a phone that’s more powerful and better looking than the iPhone Loading video... More: Merck Earnings facebook linkedin twitter email print × Recommended For You Powered by Sailthru Merck raises its full-year forecast because one drug has been crushing it Merck raises its full-year forecast because one drug has been crushing it Merck & Co Inc reported a... Recommended For You Featured As healthcare costs rise and patients demand better care, hospitals turn to new technologies More "Digital Industry Insider" » Brothers share what it was like quitting their corporate jobs to sell ties on the beach and cofound Vineyard Vines, a company worth nearly $1 billion More "Transformations" » Get Markets Emails & Alerts Sign-Up Learn More » Markets Select 10 Things Before the Opening Bell Markets Chart Of The Day Business Insider Select Monday Scouting Report More Featured Business Insider Select Tech Select Tech Chart Of The Day Markets Chart Of The Day 10 Things Before the Opening Bell Instant MBA Business Insider Events BI Intelligence Daily Digital Industry Insider Finance Markets Select Your Money Select Smart Investor Finance Insider Strategy Strategy Select Advertising Select Retail Select Careers Select 10 Things You Need To Know In Advertising Politics Politics Select Military Select Life Life Select Education Select Entertainment Select Breaking News Tech Enterprise Select Science Select Mobile Chart Of The Day E-Commerce Chart Of The Day Payments Chart Of The Day Digital Media Chart Of The Day IoT Chart of the Day Fintech Briefing Charts of the Day Sports Chart Of The Day Top 10 Things 10 Things In Tech You Need To Know Closing Bell Sports Sports Research from BI Intelligence The Internet of Everything The Future of Financial Services Digital Media Ad Revenue: The path to $100 billion The Future of Retail Read Business Insider On The Go Available on iOS or Android Find A Job Tech Jobs C-Level Jobs Media Jobs Design Jobs Finance Jobs Sales Jobs See All Jobs » Thanks to our partners Follow us on: Also check out: * Copyright © 2016 Business Insider Inc. All rights reserved. Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy. Disclaimer Commerce Policy Made in NYC Stock quotes by finanzen.net International Editions: UK DE AUS ID IN MY SG PL SE NL FR
Shopping Jobs Driving Remembering Celebrating Newspapers TV Networks National Post The Province (Vancouver) Vancouver Sun Edmonton Journal Calgary Herald Regina Leader-Post Saskatoon StarPhoenix Windsor Star Ottawa Citizen Montreal Gazette Don't Miss: Happening Now Video Centre Live chats Blogs on canada.com canada.com on Facebook Oddities News Happening Now Local National World Oddities Photo Galleries Weather Business Money Markets Mortgages Sports Hockey NHL Video Highlights Football-CFL Football-NFL Baseball Basketball Winter Sports Golf Racing Soccer Tennis MMA Entertainment Celebrity Music Movies Television Books TV Listings Lifestyle Fashion & Beauty Food Parenting Relationships Astrology Health Diet & Fitness Sexual Health Seniors Family & Child Men Women Travel Destinations Technology Gaming Internet Tech-Biz Space Personal Tech         Merck breezes past 3Q profit expectations, raises forecast     By Linda A. Johnson, The Associated Press October 25, 2016     Story Photos ( 1 )     FILE - In this Thursday, Dec. 18, 2014, file photo, a person walks through a Merck company building, in Kenilworth, N.J. Merck reports financial results Tuesday, Oct. 25, 2016. (AP Photo/Mel Evans, File) Higher sales of vaccines and prescription medicines, coupled with restrained spending, helped Merck & Co. post a 20 per cent jump in third-quarter profit, trouncing Wall Street expectations. The maker of Januvia diabetes pills raised and narrowed its 2016 financial forecasts, but noted some headwinds, including the start of U.S. generic competition to three drugs by year's end. Its shares edged higher in midday trading Tuesday. The second-biggest U.S. drugmaker is in transition, with revenue from older products such as immune disorder treatment Remicade and the Dulera asthma inhaler levelling off or falling amid increased competition. But sales are building for drugs launched since 2014, particularly immuno-oncology drug Keytruda and hepatitis C-curing Zepatier. Meanwhile, Zinplava for preventing recurrence of life-threatening C. difficile infections was approved Friday in the U.S., and Merck plans to apply soon for approval of experimental diabetes drug ertugliflozin and additional uses for Keytruda, its newest blockbuster, with more than $1 billion in sales over the past four quarters. In addition, chief executive Ken Frazier told analysts during a conference call that deals to boost Merck's pipeline of experimental drugs, with a focus on small -to-midsized assets that fit well within its business, are a priority. He noted Merck is calling attention to the innovation of its medicines amid the U.S. political furor over soaring drug prices. "We don't think these environmental pricing pressures will ease," Frazier said. Merck reported net income of $2.18 billion, or 78 cents per share. Adjusted for one-time gains and costs, earnings came to $1.07 per share, eclipsing the 98 cents analysts expected. The Kenilworth, New Jersey-based drugmaker reported revenue of $10.54 billion, up 5 per cent and above Street forecasts for $10.24 billion. Sales of prescription drugs rose 6 per cent to $9.44 billion, led by higher sales for Keytruda, cholesterol pill Zetia, drugs used in hospitals and Gardasil and other vaccines. Top seller Januvia and combination drug Jamumet, for Type 2 diabetes, saw sales dip 1 per cent to a combined $1.56 billion. Sales of cholesterol medicines Zetia and Vytorin, which should face generic competition by year's end, edged up 1 per cent to $944 million. Antibiotic Cubicin also is getting generic competition this quarter. Gardasil, a vaccine against cancer-causing human papilloma virus, saw sales jump 38 per cent to $860 million, boosted by a higher U.S. price for a new version that protects against more strains of HPV, higher U.S. demand and purchases by government health programs. Children's vaccine Proquad also benefited from U.S. health program stockpiling, raising sales 28 per cent to $496 million. Keytruda, one of the hot new cancer drugs that work by boosting the immune system to fight tumors, posted sales of $364 million, up 124 per cent. Late Monday, the immuno-oncology drug won U.S. approval — two months ahead of schedule — for using Keytruda in bigger patient groups, including those newly diagnosed with lung cancer. Cancer drugs typically are approved initially for use after multiple other drugs have failed patients, then gradually allowed to be used earlier in treatment. Keytruda is already approved as a second-line treatment for lung cancer and for melanoma and head and neck cancer. It's being tested in about 300 patient studies, alone and combined with chemotherapy or other immuno-oncology drugs. "We are excited by the long-term potential of Keytruda against many different tumour types," pharmaceutical marketing head Adam Schechter told the analysts. Sanford Bernstein analyst Dr. Timothy Anderson wrote to investors that the early approval "helps cement the product's lead versus competitors in the large lung cancer market," which should further raise Keytruda sales. Sales of veterinary medicines rose 5 per cent to $865 million, driven partly by the Bravecto line of flea and tick products. Merck now expects full-year earnings of $2.02 to $2.09, up from its July forecast of $1.98 to $2.08, and revenue of $39.7 billion to $40.2 billion, up from $39.1 billion to $40.1 billion. In midday trading, Merck shares rose 74 cents, or 1.2 per cent, to $61.49 as the broader markets declined. Merck shares have risen more than 16 per cent over the past year. _____ Follow Linda A. Johnson at www.twitter.com/LindaJ_onPharma       E-mail this Article Print this Article Share this Article           Story Tools   E-mail this Article Print this Article Share this Article   Font: * * * * *   Image: * * * *       FILE - In this Thursday, Dec. 18, 2014, file photo, a person walks through a Merck company building, in Kenilworth, N.J. Merck reports financial results Tuesday, Oct. 25, 2016. (AP Photo/Mel Evans, File)       E-mail this Gallery Print this Gallery Share this Gallery         Photo Galleries »   Leonard Cohen Photos: Leonard Cohen honoured... Leonard Cohen is honoured at the Glenn Gould Prize... more »   Gallery: Italian cruise ship disaster... Passengers leapt into the sea and fought over lifejackets... more »   Photos: Deadly winds hit U.K. One man dies as winds of over 160kph hit Britain and... more » Video: Winds batter Britain Toronto issues 'extreme' cold alert as mercury to drop to -16C   Gallery: Republican candidates... Republican presidential candidates race across Iowa... more »     More Photo Galleries »     Related Topics   business Merck & Co. Inc. The Canadian Press         Business Videos         Most Popular canada.com E-mailed Shared     Sponsored By           FP Business Wire »   FP Business Wire   The Estée Lauder Companies to Acquire Too Faced Rockwell Automation Invests $12M to Bring Science and Technology to Next Generation Workforce BioTalent Canada to Be Featured on CEO Clips on the Documentary Channel           News Business Sports Entertainment Lifestyle Health Travel Technology Don't Miss: Happening Now Video Centre Live chats Blogs on canada.com canada.com on Facebook Most Popular Formats Sitemap / RSS Contests Blogs Photo Galleries Videos Canada.com About Us Contact Us Advertise with Us FAQs Tools Canada.com Search for a Job Buy / Sell a Car Infomart Place a Classified Ad Newsletters and Alerts My Account Flyercity.ca About canada.com | Privacy Statement | Terms | Copyright & Permissions © 2010-2016 Postmedia Network Inc. All rights reserved. Unauthorized distribution, transmission or republication strictly prohibited.
Close Welcome! Log In|Sign up |Log In|Subscribe Log Out|Manage Your Account Manage Subscriptions E-Edition November 14, 2016 Place an Ad Subscribe Subscriber Services eEdition Advertise With Us Welcome! Login|Signup Login|My Dashboard|Register Logout|My Dashboard Merck breezes past 3Q profit expectations, raises forecast - Dothan Eagle: AP Business News Advanced Search Dothan 66° Dothan Eagle Home Contests Newsletter Signup News Business Crime/Court Dothan Progress Editorials Education Government Letters to the Editor Local Sports Alabama Auburn High School Local Recreation Troy Lifestyles Best of Wiregrass Calendar of Events Faith and values Weddings/Engagements Yardsale Obituaries Videos Jobs Find a Job Employers Join Our Team Autos Find a Car Sell Your Car Homes Sell Your Home Classifieds Amendments Legals Pets Place a Classified Service Directory Yard & Estate Sales Newspaper Ads Special Sections Find Local Home News Ap AP Business News Merck breezes past 3Q profit expectations, raises forecast Story Comments Print Create a hardcopy of this page Font Size: Default font size Larger font size Previous Next Mel Evans Merck breezes past 3Q profit expectations, raises forecast FILE - In this Thursday, Dec. 18, 2014, file photo, a person walks through a Merck company building, in Kenilworth, N.J. Merck reports financial results Tuesday, Oct. 25, 2016. (AP Photo/Mel Evans, File) Posted: Tuesday, October 25, 2016 10:38 am | Updated: 11:16 am, Tue Oct 25, 2016. Merck breezes past 3Q profit expectations, raises forecast Associated Press | Higher sales of vaccines and prescription medicines, coupled with restrained spending, helped Merck & Co. post a 20 percent jump in third-quarter profit, trouncing Wall Street expectations. The maker of Januvia diabetes pills raised and narrowed its 2016 financial forecasts, but noted some headwinds, including the start of U.S. generic competition to three drugs by year's end. Its shares edged higher in midday trading Tuesday. The second-biggest U.S. drugmaker is in transition, with revenue from older products such as immune disorder treatment Remicade and the Dulera asthma inhaler leveling off or falling amid increased competition. But sales are building for drugs launched since 2014, particularly immuno-oncology drug Keytruda and hepatitis C-curing Zepatier. Meanwhile, Zinplava for preventing recurrence of life-threatening C. difficile infections was approved Friday in the U.S., and Merck plans to apply soon for approval of experimental diabetes drug ertugliflozin and additional uses for Keytruda, its newest blockbuster, with more than $1 billion in sales over the past four quarters. In addition, chief executive Ken Frazier told analysts during a conference call that deals to boost Merck's pipeline of experimental drugs, with a focus on small -to-midsized assets that fit well within its business, are a priority. He noted Merck is calling attention to the innovation of its medicines amid the U.S. political furor over soaring drug prices. "We don't think these environmental pricing pressures will ease," Frazier said. Merck reported net income of $2.18 billion, or 78 cents per share. Adjusted for one-time gains and costs, earnings came to $1.07 per share, eclipsing the 98 cents analysts expected. The Kenilworth, New Jersey-based drugmaker reported revenue of $10.54 billion, up 5 percent and above Street forecasts for $10.24 billion. Sales of prescription drugs rose 6 percent to $9.44 billion, led by higher sales for Keytruda, cholesterol pill Zetia, drugs used in hospitals and Gardasil and other vaccines. Top seller Januvia and combination drug Jamumet, for Type 2 diabetes, saw sales dip 1 percent to a combined $1.56 billion. Sales of cholesterol medicines Zetia and Vytorin, which should face generic competition by year's end, edged up 1 percent to $944 million. Antibiotic Cubicin also is getting generic competition this quarter. Gardasil, a vaccine against cancer-causing human papilloma virus, saw sales jump 38 percent to $860 million, boosted by a higher U.S. price for a new version that protects against more strains of HPV, higher U.S. demand and purchases by government health programs. Children's vaccine Proquad also benefited from U.S. health program stockpiling, raising sales 28 percent to $496 million. Keytruda, one of the hot new cancer drugs that work by boosting the immune system to fight tumors, posted sales of $364 million, up 124 percent. Late Monday, the immuno-oncology drug won U.S. approval — two months ahead of schedule — for using Keytruda in bigger patient groups, including those newly diagnosed with lung cancer. Cancer drugs typically are approved initially for use after multiple other drugs have failed patients, then gradually allowed to be used earlier in treatment. Keytruda is already approved as a second-line treatment for lung cancer and for melanoma and head and neck cancer. It's being tested in about 300 patient studies, alone and combined with chemotherapy or other immuno-oncology drugs. "We are excited by the long-term potential of Keytruda against many different tumor types," pharmaceutical marketing head Adam Schechter told the analysts. Sanford Bernstein analyst Dr. Timothy Anderson wrote to investors that the early approval "helps cement the product's lead versus competitors in the large lung cancer market," which should further raise Keytruda sales. Sales of veterinary medicines rose 5 percent to $865 million, driven partly by the Bravecto line of flea and tick products. Merck now expects full-year earnings of $2.02 to $2.09, up from its July forecast of $1.98 to $2.08, and revenue of $39.7 billion to $40.2 billion, up from $39.1 billion to $40.1 billion. In midday trading, Merck shares rose 74 cents, or 1.2 percent, to $61.49 as the broader markets declined. Merck shares have risen more than 16 percent over the past year. _____ Follow Linda A. Johnson at www.twitter.com/LindaJ_onPharma © 2016 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed. More about Pharmaceutical Manufacturing US stocks move higher as banks surge with bond yields ARTICLE: Business Highlights ARTICLE: Macy's, Kohl's rise, while Twitter and Astrazeneca slip ARTICLE: Drug firm AstraZeneca sees 3rd quarter earnings fall 12 pct Samsung's biotech unit debuts in Seoul. Here's what to know. More about Financial Performance American Apparel files for bankruptcy protection, again American Apparel files for bankruptcy protection, again ARTICLE: American Apparel files for bankruptcy protection, again US stocks move higher as banks surge with bond yields Asian shares mostly lower, Nikkei gets boost from weak yen More about Corporate News ARTICLE: HP Enterprise ordered to keep working on Rhode Island system ARTICLE: PetSmart fined for not reporting injury-causing fish bowls ARTICLE: Health care company uses employee DNA in pilot program US stocks finish level as tech losses cancel out bank gains US stocks finish level as tech losses cancel out bank gains Discuss Print Posted in AP Business News on Tuesday, October 25, 2016 10:38 am. Updated: 11:16 am. | Tags: Pharmaceutical Manufacturing, Financial Performance, Corporate News, Business, Health Care Industry, Medication, Diagnosis And Treatment, Health, Cancer, Diseases And Conditions, Lung Disease, Leading Economic Indicators, Economy | Location Tags: New Jersey, United States, North America Similar Stories The Latest: Pro-pipeline industry group blasts delay Army Corps wants more study on Dakota Access oil pipeline SEC Chair White leaving at end of Obama administration Trump set to roll back Obama policies on energy, environment How the Dow Jones industrial average fared on Monday Most Read Once predictable, 2nd Congressional seat now uncertain Elba-Samson football playoff game postponed pending court ruling Elba-Samson game still in limbo; local officials upset Alabama general election constitutional amendments explained Bizarre events leave Elba, others in playoff limbo Videos Editor's Picks Monday’s supermoon closest in nearly 70 years You can see the moon bigger and brighter than usual on Monday. National Peanut Festival Parade draws big crowd under mostly sunny skies They made their way toward Main Street, big hands holding little hands, some pushing strollers or pulling wagons. Demolition derby drivers set to crash Saturday at National Peanut Festival Keep your head on a swivel. Don’t get hit hard enough to be put out of the game. Don’t be overly aggressive. Be strategic. Greased Pig/Calf Scramble remains a National Peanut Festival favorite Desiree Beaman had no trouble getting her calf across the finish line at the National Peanut Festival’s Greased Pig/Calf Scramble… Touring festivals and fairs a way of life for Matt's Family Jam Spending eight months out of the year touring fairs and festivals might not be the easiest way to raise three kids, but the Rolf … In Case You Missed It < Team Alpha Martial Arts Academy blends fitness with education In the center of the room, instructor Kevin Johnson and star pupil Chris Young, a 12-year-old, intently practice maneuvers on the mat in the sport of article local Dante’s Pizza: A family tradition Raffaele Clemente has a very simple motto for running his business. article local Future Masters champ, Alabama star golfer Robby Shelton embraces turning pro Beginning a professional golf career is challenging enough in itself. For former Future Masters champion and University of Alabama standout Robby Shel article local Dancin' Dave now has his own Peanut statue HEADLAND – All due respect to Elvis and the handsome Peanut that bears his likeness in Dothan, but Dancin’ Dave is the King of the Wiregrass. article local Wicksburg's female kicker Ashton White is no joke WICKSBURG – When Wicksburg head football coach Josh Cox told his team a female was trying out as a kicker, they thought it was a joke. article high school > Sections Home News Sports Lifestyles Obituaries Photos Videos Weather Services Contact Us Subscription Rates Submission Forms Site Index Add Search Toolbar Newspapers Enterprise Ledger Jackson Co. Floridan Eufaula Tribune Army Flier Contact us dothaneagle.com dothaneagle.com Phone number: 334-792-3141 E-mail: webmaster@dothaneagle.com Address: 227 N. Oates Street Dothan, AL 36303 Search Search in: All Eufaula Tribune Enterprise Ledger Dothan Eagle Army Flier Photos Video Dothan Eagle, Dothan, AL © 2016 BH Media Group, Inc. Powered by BLOX Content Management System from TownNews.com. [Terms of Use] Haven’t signed up for All Access yet? Get started here… Screen Name or Email Password Forgot? Login Screen Name or Email Now I remember! Need an account? Create one now. Need more information about All Access? Get all of the details here. If you are a current subscriber and haven’t signed up for All Access yet, get started here.
Sections Sections Top Stories Video Election U.S. World Entertainment Health Tech Lifestyle Money Investigative Sports Good News Weather Photos Shows Shows Good Morning America World News Tonight Nightline 20/20 This Week Live Live Live Look at the NYC Skyline From the Empire State Building to 1 WTC Live Look at the Capitol Building in Washington D.C. Live Look: Stargazer Ranch Alpaca Cam 'View Into the Blue' Underwater View From Cooper Island, British Virgin Islands Live Look at the Old Faithful Geyser in Yellowstone National Park Live Look at the Atlantic Coast in Gloucester, Mass. From Bass Rocks Ocean Inn Local Local New York City Los Angeles Chicago Philadelphia San Francisco - Oakland - San Jose Houston Durham - Raleigh - Fayetteville Fresno More abc.com espn.com fivethirtyeight.com disney.com theundefeated.com Privacy Policy Your CA Privacy Rights Children's Online Privacy Policy Interest-Based Ads Terms of Use Contact Us Yahoo!-ABC News Network | © 2016 ABC News Internet Ventures. All rights reserved. Search Menu ABC News Log In Election U.S. World Entertainment Health Tech … … Health Tech Lifestyle Money Investigative Sports Good News Topics Weather Photos More ABCNews Cities Cities New York City New York City Los Angeles Los Angeles Chicago Chicago Philadelphia Philadelphia San Francisco - Oakland - San Jose San Francisco - Oakland - San Jose Houston Houston Durham - Raleigh - Fayetteville Durham - Raleigh - Fayetteville Fresno Fresno Partner Sites Partner Sites abc.com abc.com espn.com espn.com fivethirtyeight.com fivethirtyeight.com disney.com disney.com theundefeated.com theundefeated.com Privacy PolicyPrivacy Policy Your CA Privacy RightsYour CA Privacy Rights Children's Online Privacy PolicyChildren's Online Privacy Policy Interest-Based AdsInterest-Based Ads Terms of UseTerms of Use Contact UsContact Us Yahoo!-ABC News Network | © 2016 ABC News Internet Ventures. All rights reserved. Shows Good Morning America Good Morning America World News Tonight World News Tonight Nightline Nightline 20/20 20/20 This Week This Week Live Video Jonathan Ernst/Reuters Obama: My Hope Is That Trump 'Makes Things Better' 1h ago How Trump Changed President Obama's Final Foreign Tour Top Stories My Stories Fla. Homicides Increase After 'Stand Your Ground' Georgia Dad Found Guilty in Son's Hot-Car Death Rep. Keith Ellison Announces Bid for DNC Chair FBI: Hate Crimes Against Muslims Up 67% in 2015 'Making a Murderer': Judge Orders Brendan Dassey's Release Racist Post About Michelle Obama Causes Backlash PBS Anchor Gwen Ifill Dies at 61 Police: 5 Injured in Shooting at Sweet 16 Party Arrest Made in 'Execution' of Sheriff's Deputy Statistics Professor Wins $100K Lottery Drew Angerer/Getty Images Steve Bannon: Trump’s Controversial Senior Counselor and Alt-Right Hero 2h ago GOP Lawmakers Struggle to Respond as Democrats Denounce Bannon Hire Anti-Discrimination, Muslim Groups Decry Trump's Newly Appointed Chief Strategist #DonaldTrump The Associated Press 'We're Not Going Anywhere': Millennials March Against Trump 1h ago The Next Stage: Will Anti-Trump Marches Become a Movement? Washington Bishop Calls for Unity After Pro-Trump Vandalism Getty Images Trump Tells Putin He Wants 'Strong' Relationship With Russia 1h ago How Trump Won and Almost All of Us Missed It 5 Takeaways From Donald Trump's '60 Minutes' Interview #DonaldTrump Play ABCNews.com Immigration and the Refugee Crisis: What Will Trump Do? Nov 9 Education: What Will Trump Do? Police Practices: What Will Trump Do? Politics #DonaldTrump Trump Chief of Staff Defends Steve Bannon as a 'Very, Very Smart Person' #DonaldTrump ANALYSIS: Priebus, Bannon Appointments Point Toward Split Approach to Trump Presidency #DonaldTrump Oprah Winfrey Explains Positive Donald Trump, Obama Tweet Lawyers File Motion to Delay Trump University Trial #DonaldTrump Trump Names Reince Priebus as Chief of Staff, Steve Bannon as Senior Adviser #DonaldTrump Trump's Views Appeal to Americans Looking for 'Common Sense' #Elections Van Jones, Mary Matalin Get into Heated Exchange Over Race in 2016 Election #DemocraticParty Rep. Keith Ellison to Announce 'Real Soon' if He'll Run for DNC Chair Bill Kristol: 'President Trump Has to Be Better Than Candidate Trump' #DonaldTrump Trump Country: What One County Tells Us About the Election #Elections Over 200 Reports of Hateful Harassment and Intimidation Post-Election: SPLC #DonaldTrump Kellyanne Conway: Trump Chief of Staff Announcement 'Imminent' #DonaldTrump What a Trump Cabinet Might Look Like #DonaldTrump Trump Willing to Keep Parts of Obamacare, Stays Mum on Clinton Prosecution #DonaldTrump United States Counts Down to Donald Trump's Inauguration #DonaldTrump Hispanic Community in LA Reacts to President-Elect Donald Trump More News Wildfires Costing Millions, Humans Blamed New Congress: Minorities Gain but Still Mostly White Obama, Clinton Tell Democrats Not to Despair Assange to Be Questioned at Ecuadorean Embassy Ray Tensing Mistrial: What Happens Now? Deliberations for 4th Day in Hot-Car Death Trial Judge to Sentence Men in Islamic State Case Is Trump's Tough Plan on Immigration Cracking? Syrian Refugees Regret Move to Gaza Senator Moonlights as Uber Driver #Earthquakes AFP/Getty Images Quake Leaves at Least 2 Dead, More Than 1,000 Stranded Nov 14 New Zealand Plans Rescue of Tourists Stranded by Earthquake Yagiz Karahan/Reuters Brightest Moon in Almost 69 Years Lights Up Sky Around Globe Nov 14 Behold, the 'Supermoon' in Photos Donald Trump's Road to the White House #Elections ANALYSIS: Donald Trump Shakes Nation With Challenge to Its Foundation #DonaldTrump Looking Ahead to a Donald Trump Presidency #Elections Memorable Moments From the 1st Presidential Debate #DonaldTrump Donald Trump's Key Moments #DonaldTrump Donald Trump on Election Day: From Voting to Winning #DonaldTrump How Donald Trump Won the White House #Elections Donald Trump's 2016 Election Night Victory Speech #DonaldTrump Donald Trump Sends His First Tweet as President-Elect Most Memorable Lines of the 2nd Presidential Debate #Elections Most Memorable Lines of the 3rd Presidential Debate #DonaldTrump Donald Trump In A Minute Donald Trump Makes It Official: He Is Running Play Rada TV Ukrainian Lawmakers Come to Blows During Parliamentary Meeting Nov 14 The Associated Press Prisons Fight Opioids With $1,000 Injection: Does It Work? 3h ago More News Myanmar Says 34 People Killed After They Attacked Troops Officer Suspended After Driving With Confederate Flag Explosion at Indonesian Church Injures 4 Children China's Xi Reaffirms US Relations in Talk With Trump Judge to Consider Delaying Bergdahl Trial American Apparel Files for Bankruptcy Protection, Again Remains of Missing Daughter of Piano Guys Found Violence in Northern Syria Kills 12 4 Americans Killed in Afghanistan Harry Reid Backs Rep. Keith Ellison for DNC Chair ABCNews.com Woman Arrested in New York in Death of Twin in Cliff Crash 49m ago #Disney Disney 14 Things to Know About Disney's 'Moana' Before You See It Nov 14 Ray Mickshaw/FX 2016 Critics' Choice Awards: 'People v. OJ Simpson' Leads Nominations Nov 14 The Associated Press Pesky Peacocks Pose Problems for Newton's Neighbors in Vegas Nov 13 Heidi Gutman/Bravo/NBCU Photo Bank via Getty Images Teresa Giudice Explains Why She Hates to Talk About Husband's Possible Deportation Nov 14 Kendall Jenner Disappears From Instagram Evan Agostini/AP Photo Lady Gaga on Taking Time Off Before New Album 'Joanne' 1h ago 'The Walking Dead': Negan and Rick Meet Again Trisha Yearwood Hopes New Duet Album With Garth Brooks Is First of Many #Disney ABCNews.com Backstage at Walt Disney World Holiday Services Nov 14 Play YouTube/Nav Tombros It's Hard to Look Away From This Yawning Pelican Who knew that a weary pelican made for such a dramatic sight? Up Next: Play Now This Is a 'Supermoon' Vivien Killilea/Getty Images 'Beverly Hills, 90210' Cast Pays Tribute to Shannen Doherty Nov 14 #DWTS Kelsey McNeal/ABC via Getty Images 5 Couples Compete in Tonight’s 'Dancing With the Stars' Nov 14 Pink Expecting 2nd Child Vivien Killilea/Getty Images Adrienne Bailon Marries Singer Israel Houghton Nov 12 In Case You Missed It #Disney Backstage at Walt Disney World Holiday Services Singing Cashier Gets Surprise Message From Maxwell Inviting Him on Stage Dog Owners Join Walnut the Dog in Final Walk on the Beach 'Mrs. Doubtfire' House Sold for $4.15 Million Meet the Woman on the Verge of Visiting Every Nation in the World #VeteransDay Navy Family Celebrates Veterans Day Weekend With Inspiring Photo Twins' Daylight Saving Time Birth Results in Bizarre Age Twist #VeteransDay Army Helicopter Becomes Art But Also Heals Veterans Kids Fighting Cancer Walk in Fashion Show Modeling Their Dream Professions #BlackLivesMatter 'Mannequin Challenge' Video Focused on Police Brutality Goes Viral Dancing Lady in Ugly Sweater at a Warriors Game Has Serious Moves Bald Eagle Rescued From Florida Storm Drain #Disney Disney 'Beauty and the Beast' Trailer Premieres Nov 14 Lego Has 'No Plans' for More Promo Deals With Daily Mail After Complaint #Marvel Getty Images The 'Doctor Strange' Spell Holds the Box Office With a $43 Million Weekend Nov 14 Goldie Hawn Speaks Her Mind at a Conference Joey McIntyre Takes His Kids to an Art Event Steve Mack/Getty Images Kelly Ripa Shares a Selfie With Her Family 3h ago Oddities and Unusual Images From Around the World Chrissy Teigen Shares a Laugh With Fergie Back To Top Sections U.S. World Politics Weird News Investigative Health Entertainment Sports Money Technology Travel Recipes News Topics Live Blog Shows Good Morning America World News Tonight with David Muir Nightline World News Now & America This Morning This Week with George Stephanopoulos 20/20 Primetime What Would You Do? ABC.com Tools iPad App Facebook Twitter Google Plus YouTube Press Releases RSS Headlines Site Map About Contact Us Feedback Advertising Terms of Use Privacy Policy Your California Privacy Rights Children's Online Privacy Policy Interest-Based Ads ABC News Store Authors List Go.com Terms of Use Privacy Policy Interest-Based Ads Feedback External links are provided for reference purposes. ABC News is not responsible for the content of external Internet sites. Copyright © 2016 ABC News Internet Ventures. Yahoo! - ABC News Network
null
null

null
null
ETF News Best ETFs Top Rated ETFs Best ETF Categories ETF Screener Tools ETF Screener Find Whats In Your ETF Find What ETFs Hold Your Stock Find ETFs By Leverage Find ETFs By Asset Class Free Newsletter Search Merck Boosts Outlook as Key Cancer Treatment Gets New Approvals October 25, 2016 7:23am NYSE:MRK ShareTweet Healthcare giant Merck & Co., Inc. (NYSE:MRK) this morning posted better-than-expected Q3 results, lifted its 2016 outlook, and provided a bullish update on a key cancer treatment. The Kenilworth, NJ-based company reported Q3 EPS of $1.07, beating out Wall Street’s $0.99 estimate. Revenue rose 4.6% from last year to $10.54 billion, also topping analysts’ view of $10.18 billion. Looking ahead, MRK boosted its full-year earnings outlook to a range of $3.71-3.78 per share, up from $3.67-3.77. Analysts are looking for $3.75 per share for the year. Merck guided full-year revenue of $39.7 to $40.2 billion, up from a prior range of $39.1 to $40.1 billion and above Wall Street’s view of $39.69 billion. In drug news, Merck said sales of its cancer-fighting immunotherapy treatment Keytruda rose to $356 million in the third quarter, which was just shy of estimates. The FDA just yesterday approved two supplemental Biologics License Applications (sBLA) for Keytruda in lung cancer, as well. The company commented via press release: “The latest achievements for KEYTRUDA and other recent regulatory approvals across our portfolio show that our innovation strategy is working,” said Kenneth C. Frazier, chairman and chief executive officer, Merck. “We are confident that our focus on the science, along with continued commercial execution, will drive long-term results for the company and our shareholders.” Merck shares rose $0.86 (+1.42%) to $61.61 in premarket trading Tuesday. Prior to today’s report, MRK had gained 15%, more than doubling the 5.41% return of the benchmark S&P 500 during the same period. Tags: biotech Equity Health Care Merck NYSE:MRK Pharmaceuticals Categories: NYSE:MRK Read Next Johnson & Johnson Boosts Outlook as Q3 Earnings Beat Estimates Bristol-Myers Shares Plunge 7% as Lung Cancer Drug Fails Again Could Microsoft Find the Cure for Cancer? Bristol-Myers Shares Plunge up to 20% as Cancer Drug Opdivo Fails Lung Cancer Trial Biogen Shares Soar on News of Potential Merck, Allergan Takeover Recommended for You Get Free Updates Join over 50,000 investors who get the latest news from ETFDailyNews.com! Subscribe Most Popular Is The Trump Rally Actually Sustainable? Analyst: After Trump Rally Ends, Stocks Will Plunge Over 10% ETF Ticker Page Our Exclusive Tools Best ETFs List Best ETF Categories ETF Screener Find Whats In Your ETF Find What ETF Holds Your Stock Search ETFs By Leverage Search ETFs By Asset Class Sponsored Content From Our Partners Explore More from ETFDailyNews.com Free Daily Newsletter Get daily ETF insights from our market experts. Never miss another important market development again! Sign Me Up ETFDailyNews.com respects your privacy. Best ETFs We've rated and ranked nearly 2,000 ETFs and ETNs using our proprietary SMART Grade system. View Top Rated ETFs Best Categories We've ranked dozens of ETF categories based on relative performance. Best ETF Categories ©2016 ETF Daily News About Us | Authors | Contact Us | Terms of Use
Fox News Fox Business Fox News Latino Fox News Go Fox News Radio Fox Nation Fox News Insider Fox News Health Expand/Collapse Search Home Video Politics U.S. Opinion Business Entertainment Tech Science Health Travel Lifestyle World On Air Health Home Men's Health Women's Health Children's Health Alternative Medicine Diabetes Heart Health Nutrition & Fitness Lung Cancer FDA approves Merck's lung cancer drug as first-line treatment Published October 25, 2016 Reuters Facebook0 Twitter0 livefyre Email Print A view of the Merck & Co. campus in Linden, New Jersey March 9, 2009, after Merck & Co Inc said it would acquire Schering-Plough Corp in $41.1 billion deal, widening Merck's pipeline and diversifying its portfolio of medicines. REUTERS/Jeff Zelevansky  (Copyright Reuters 2015) Merck & Co Inc on Monday said the U.S. Food and Drug Administration has approved its immunotherapy Keytruda for use in certain previously untreated lung cancer patients, making it the only approved first-line treatment. The drug has been approved for treating metastatic non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC) patients with high-levels of a protein known for suppressing the immune system called PD-L1. More on this... 'New day' in lung cancer as Merck drug shines, works with chemo Roche's lung cancer drug wins US approval Family doctors don't always screen smokers for lung cancer Keytruda works by taking the brakes off the immune system by blocking the interaction between PD-L1 and another protein, PD-1. The drug has already been approved for patients who have undergone previous chemotherapy for advanced non-small lung cancer. Monday's announcement gives Merck the only approved first-line treatment for lung cancer, one of the biggest markets for cancer drugs. Rival Bristol-Myers Squibb Co's drug Opdivo failed a late-stage trial for the same indication. The approval was based on data from a late-stage study which showed Keytruda achieved superior progression-free and overall survival compared to chemotherapy in patients whose tumors expressed high levels of the protein, Merck said. Doctors are currently allowed to prescribe medicines for not yet approved uses but FDA's approval of Keytruda could greatly increase the number of patients taking the drug. Shares of Kenilworth, New Jersey-based drugmaker fell 0.7 percent in aftermarket trade. Up to Monday's close, the stock had gained more than 15 percent of its value year to date. Advertisement Trending in Health 1 Doctors see surge in men seeking surgery-free double chin solution 2 Patrons, staff at Washington homeless shelter sickened by norovirus 3 Depression becoming more common among US teens 4 Check again with your doctor about statins, experts say 5 Computer-brain interface helps locked-in patient communicate, albeit slowly See all Trends Top Health Centers View All Back Pain Cancer Depression Heart Disease Pain Management Sexual Health Beauty & Skin Cold and Flu Digestive Health Nutrition Pregnancy Site Index Sections Home Video Politics U.S. Opinion Entertainment Tech Science Health Travel Lifestyle World Sports Weather On Air Tools Live Video Trending Newsletters Alerts Blogs Mobile Podcasts Radio Fox News Store Apps & Downloads About Careers College Students Fox Around the World Advertise With Us New Terms of Use (What's New) New Privacy Policy Ad Choices Contact Us Email Newsroom FAQ Media Relations Follow Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn RSS Newsletters Fox News Back to Top This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. ©2016 FOX News Network, LLC. All rights reserved. All market data delayed 20 minutes. New Privacy - New Terms of Use (What's New) - FAQ
▮ Home ▮ Business Latest Headlines Top Stories Breaking News Earnings Biotech Investors IPOs M&A Canadian UK Key Wallstreet Events ▮ Industry News Technology Software Banking Automotive Energy More ▮ Stock Alerts Active Traders Before the Bell $5 and under Intraday Updates After the Bell ▮ Corp. Calendars Dividends Stock Splits Buybacks Conference Calls ▮ Earnings Calendars Earnings Calendar Pos Pre-announcements Profit Warnings Positive Surprise Negative Surprise Latest Earnings ▮ FDA Calendars Drug Approvals Device Approvals Clinical Trial Calendar ▮ Ratings Changes Upgrades Downgrades Cov Initiations Cov. Reiterated ▮ Economy US Europe Asia Global Economic Calendar Economic Scorecard Fed Members ▮ Markets Morning Mkt Analysis US Commentary European Commentary Asian Commentary Canadian Commentary Indian Commentary Commodities Bonds Currencies ▮ Politics US World White House Elections Congress General News ▮ Forex FX Top Stories Currency Analysis Currency Alerts Economic Calendar Economic Scorecard ▮ Health Hot Topics Diet & Fitness Kids Health Men's Health Women's Health Cancer News Drug Development Mental Health ▮ Tech Hot Topics Gadgets & Games Mobile Green Tech ▮ Entertainment Top Stories TV News Movie News Slide Shows Game of Thrones ▮ Music news Pop Rock Classic Rock Rap/Hip-Hop Country Alternative Oldies All Genre ▮ Content Licensing Newswires & Feeds Content Syndication Digital Signage Services Radio News Services ▮ Premium Emerging Biostocks Under The Radar Short-Term Investor NewsStream Login ▮ More Free Content RSS Feeds Search ▮ Blog Political Science / Nature Fundamental Analysis ▮ Columns Science & Tech Arts & Leisure Politics & Policy Money Home Business Latest Headlines Top Stories Breaking News Earnings Biotech Investors IPOs M&A Canadian UK Key Wallstreet Events Industry News Technology Software Banking Automotive Energy More Stock Alerts Active Traders Before the Bell $5 and under Intraday Updates After the Bell Corp. Calendars Dividends Stock Splits Buybacks Conference Calls Earnings Calendars Earnings Calendar Pos Pre-announcements Profit Warnings Positive Surprise Negative Surprise Latest Earnings FDA Calendars Drug Approvals Device Approvals Clinical Trial Calendar Ratings Changes Upgrades Downgrades Cov Initiations Cov. Reiterated Economy US Europe Asia Global Economic Calendar Economic Scorecard Fed Members Markets Morning Mkt Analysis US Commentary European Commentary Asian Commentary Canadian Commentary Indian Commentary Commodities Bonds Currencies Politics US World White House Elections Congress General News Forex FX Top Stories Currency Analysis Currency Alerts Economic Calendar Economic Scorecard Health Hot Topics Diet & Fitness Kids Health Men's Health Women's Health Cancer News Drug Development Mental Health Tech Hot Topics Gadgets & Games Mobile Green Tech Entertainment Top Stories TV News Movie News Slide Shows Game of Thrones Music news Pop Rock Classic Rock Rap/Hip-Hop Country Alternative Oldies All Genre Content Licensing Newswires & Feeds Content Syndication Digital Signage Services Radio News Services Premium Emerging Biostocks Under The Radar Short-Term Investor NewsStream Login More Free Content RSS Feeds Search Blog Political Science / Nature Fundamental Analysis Columns Science & Tech Arts & Leisure Politics & Policy Money TODAY'S TOP STORIES   E-MAIL  SHARE FONT-SIZE    Tweet Share Merck Q3 Profit Rises; Lifts 2016 Outlook 10/25/2016 7:13 AM ET Merck & Co. Inc. (MRK) reported a profit for the third-quarter that increased about 20 percent, while quarterly worldwide sales grew 5 percent. "The latest achievements for KEYTRUDA and other recent regulatory approvals across our portfolio show that our innovation strategy is working. We are confident that our focus on the science, along with continued commercial execution, will drive long-term results for the company and our shareholders," said Kenneth Frazier, chairman and chief executive officer, Merck. In the pre-Market trade, MRK is currently trading at $62.00, up $1.25 or 2.06 percent. The company has narrowed and raised its full-year 2016 GAAP earnings per share to be between $2.02 and $2.09. The company has narrowed and raised its full-year 2016 non-GAAP earnings per share to be between $3.71 to $3.78, including an approximately 1 percent negative impact from foreign exchange at mid-October exchange rates. It has narrowed and raised its full-year 2016 revenue range to be between $39.7 billion and $40.2 billion, including an approximately 2 percent negative impact from foreign exchange at mid-October exchange rates. Net income attributable to the company for the third-quarter rose 20 percent to $2.184 billion from the prior year's $1.826 billion, with earnings per share improving to $0.78 from $0.64 last year. Non-GAAP earnings per share was $1.07 for the third quarter of 2016 compared with $0.96 for the third quarter of 2015. Worldwide sales were $10.5 billion for the third quarter of 2016, an increase of 5 percent compared with the third quarter of 2015, including a 1 percent negative impact from foreign exchange. Sales in the third quarter of 2016 include an estimated benefit of approximately $150 million of additional sales in Japan resulting from the timing of shipments in anticipation of a resource planning system Merck is implementing in the fourth quarter of 2016. by RTT Staff Writer For comments and feedback: editorial@rttnews.com Business News The Most Influential Books In Business Fed Chatterbox: Economic Preview Week of November 14 Forget Canada: The Best Places To Flee Trump's America More Top Stories Nasdaq Names Adena Friedman CEO Cedar Crest Cookie Dough Ice Cream Recalled Naughty Dating Site Adult Friendfinder Users Exposed By Hack Upgrade: Steel Stocks In For Trump Renaissance Stocks Close Mixed Following Lackluster Session - U.S. Commentary McDonald's Trying Sriracha Big Mac IPO Watch: WildHorse Wants To Fund Acquisition Stocks Remain Mixed In Mid-Day Trading - U.S. Commentary Amaya Gets Huge Buyout Bid From Former CEO Major Averages Turning In Mixed Performance In Early Trading - U.S. Commentary Zuckerberg: Facebook Hoax News Did Not Get Trump Elected Kenneth Cole Closing Brick-and-Mortars Trump To Take Only $1 As Salary; No Vacations Trump Names Priebus As Chief Of Staff; Stephen Bannon As Chief Strategist Diabetes Grows In Alarming Pace <<Previous        45 Articles Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. comments powered by Disqus RELATED NEWS Merck: Researchers To Provide More 30 Than Data Presentations At ID Week Merck & Co Q3 16 Earnings Conference Call At 8:00 AM ET Merck & Co Inc. Reports 10% Increase In Q3 Profit INO Slips On Clinical Hold, MRK Gets FDA Nod, Be All Ears For AKAO Merck's Phase 3 Keynote-045 Trial Of Keytruda Meets Primary Endpoint Trade MRK now with  Follow RTT Editor's Pick Most Read Most Emailed Amaya Gets Huge Buyout Bid From Former CEO Zuckerberg: Facebook Hoax News Did Not Get Trump Elected Kenneth Cole Closing Brick-and-Mortars Samsung To Buy Harman Intl' In About $8 Bln All-cash Deal Siemens To Buy Mentor Graphics For $4.5 Bln Enterprise Value Nasty Gal Files For Bankruptcy Allianz Stock Climbs On Q3 Profit Growth, Confirms FY16 Profit View Walt Disney Q4 Profit Down - Update Forget Canada: The Best Places To Escape Trump's America Continental Stock Dips On Weak Q3 Profit; Sees Strong Earnings In Q4 AstraZeneca Q3 Pre-tax Profit Down On Crestor Generic; Backs FY View Alphabet Cancels Drone Deal With Starbucks As Project Leaders Pushed Out ADAP Surges As FDA Lifts Clinical Hold, OCUL Catches Eyes, RegeneRx On The Rise ARWR's Hepatitis B Drug On Clinical Hold, GMED Disappoints, A First For MYL AdvancePierre Foods Appoints Christopher Sliva As President ANTH Plunges As Lupus Trial Fails, BMY's Opdivo Is At It Again, FDA Nod For GILD Engie 9-month EBITDA Declines - Quick Facts AMGN Crosses BRIDGE, Anxiety Over PTCT's Translarna Eases, EGRX Opens Wallet Pfizer : IBRANCE Approved In Europe To Treat HR+/HER2- Metastatic Breast Cancer Forget Canada: The Best Places To Escape Trump's America Alphabet Cancels Drone Deal With Starbucks As Project Leaders Pushed Out Google Rejects EU Antitrust Charges Allianz Stock Climbs On Q3 Profit Growth, Confirms FY16 Profit View Walt Disney Q4 Profit Down - Update Facebook Taking Aim At LinkedIn Samsung To Buy Harman Intl' In About $8 Bln All-cash Deal Rio Tinto Suspends Unit CEO Alan Davies Amid Guinea Payments Investigation Alstom Turns To Profit In H1; Sales, Orders Up; Backs 2020 View - Quick Facts Kuka Group Q3 Profit Surges; Lowers FY16 Sales Outlook - Quick Facts HeidelbergCement Q3 Profit Down;says Confident To Exceed €400 Mln Synergy Target Osram Licht Q4 Profit Declines; Sees Growth In 2017 - Quick Facts Heidelberg Reports Positive Net Result In Q2; Affirms Fiscal Year Targets Carlsberg Q3 Revenues Decline; But Lifts FY16 Profit Outlook - Quick Facts E.ON 9-month Loss Narrows; Confirms 2016 Profit Outlook Munich Re Lifts FY View, Q3 Profit Rises - Quick Facts Swiss Life 9-month Fee Income Rises; Premiums Down; On Track For FY16 Targets Copyright © 2016 RTTNews. All rights reserved. By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Service. About Us   |   Privacy   |   Feedback   |   Sitemap
Dienstag, 15. November | 00:38 Uhr Home | Newsletter | Twitter | Kontakt     AKTIEN DAX MDAX SDAX TecDAX GEX Entry Standard Nasdaq NEWS TopStories Wirtschaftsnachrichten Agenturmeldungen Deutsche Aktien Emerging Markets Unternehmensnews Experten ROHSTOFFE Top-Stories Rohstoffe Rohstoff-News Rohstoff-News International Rohstoffübersicht Rohstoffdatenbank Basiswissen ENERGIE Energie-News UNTERNEHMEN Unternehmenscenter Management Interview Research Research International Termine KOLUMNEN Autoren SERVICE Börsenlexikon Social Media Twitter Währungsrechner   Newsticker: AGENTURMELDUNGEN 13:23 | 25.10.2016 US-Pharmakonzern Merck & Co profitiert von Verkaufsschlagern – Prognose erhöht KENILWORTH (dpa-AFX) – Beim US-Pharmakonzern Merck & Co. sorgen steigende Verkaufszahlen wichtiger Medikamente weiter für höhere Gewinne. Der bereinigte Gewinn je Aktie kletterte im dritten Quartal um elf Prozent auf 1,07 US-Dollar, wie das Unternehmen am Dienstag mitteilte. Der Umsatz legte um 4,6 Prozent auf 10,5 Milliarden Dollar (9,65 Mrd Euro) zu. Damit übertraf der Konzern die Erwartungen von Analysten. Der Gewinn unterm Strich legte um ein Fünftel auf 2,18 Milliarden Dollar zu. Auch für das Gesamtjahr zeigte sich der Konzern zuversichtlicher und hob die Prognosen an. Der bereinigte Gewinn je Aktie dürfte im laufenden Jahr nun zwischen 3,71 und 3,78 Dollar liegen. Bisher wurden 3,67 bis 3,77 Dollar angepeilt. Beim Umsatz rechnet das Unternehmen nun damit, zwischen 39,7 und 40,2 zu landen. Bisher lag die Spanne bei 39,1 bis 40,1 Milliarden. Mercks Verkaufsschlager, das Diabetes-Mittel Januvia, verzeichnete im dritten Quartal allerdings einen leichten Umsatzrückgang. Das Krebsmedikament Keytruda legte hingegen deutlich zu. Auch der Impfstoff Gardasil verzeichnete hohe Zuwächse. Der US-Konzern ist nicht zu verwechseln mit dem Pharmahersteller Merck KGaA aus Darmstadt./jha/fbr Empfehlen Drucken Bookmarken   NEWSLETTER Abonnieren Sie jetzt unseren aktuellen Newsletter WIRTSCHAFTSNACHRICHTEN 23:50 Uhr | 14.11.2016 Chefin der US-Börsenaufsicht ... 22:56 Uhr | 14.11.2016 ROUNDUP/Aktien New York Schluss: ... 22:32 Uhr | 14.11.2016 Aktien New York Schluss: Nach ... 22:01 Uhr | 14.11.2016 Kreise/Milliardenfusion unter ... 21:56 Uhr | 14.11.2016 Obama: Angela Merkel war meine ... Kursverzögerung mind. +15 min   Partner Nutzung Quellen & Copyright ARIVA.DE AG Goldinvest.de AGB Werbung Kurse: ARIVA.DE AG Deutsche Börse AG iwr.de Impressum © 1998-2016 EQS Financial Markets & Media GmbH eResearch MIDAS Research Datenschutz Die EQS Financial Markets & Media GmbH übernimmt keine Haftung für die Richtigkeit der Angaben! finanznachrichten.de Performaxx Disclaimer
For more local news from India, visit Bloombergquint.com Bloomberg the Company & Its ProductsBloomberg Anywhere Remote LoginBloomberg Anywhere LoginBloomberg Terminal Demo Request Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Philanthropy & Engagement Bloomberg London Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Bloomberg Tradebook Bloomberg Briefs Bloomberg Indices Bloomberg SEF Bloomberg Institute Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center Enterprise Products Enterprise Solutions Trading Solutions Bloomberg Vault Bloomberg PolarLake Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps News Bureaus Media Services Bloomberg Live Conferences Bloomberg Media Distribution Advertising Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Philanthropy & Engagement Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Bloomberg London Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps News Bureaus Media Services Advertising Bloomberg Media Distribution Bloomberg Live Conferences Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Bloomberg Tradebook Bloomberg Briefs Bloomberg Indices Bloomberg SEF Bloomberg Institute Enterprise Products Enterprise Solutions Trading Solutions Bloomberg Vault Bloomberg PolarLake Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center MENU Homepage Markets Stocks Currencies Commodities Rates + Bonds Economics Magazine Benchmark Watchlist Economic Calendar Tech U.S. Global Startups Cybersecurity Digital Media Bloomberg Technology TV Hello World Studio 1.0 Pursuits Cars & Bikes Style & Grooming Spend Watches & Gadgets Food & Drinks Travel Real Estate Art & Design Politics With All Due Respect Poll Decoder Culture Caucus Podcast Masters In Politics Podcast Ad Tracker Battlegrounds 2016 Opinion View Gadfly Businessweek Subscribe Cover Stories Opening Remarks Etc Features 85th Anniversary Issue Behind The Cover More Science + Energy Graphics Game Plan Small Business Personal Finance Inspire GO The David Rubenstein Show Sponsored Content Bloomberg About The Company Sign In Sign In Subscribe Merck Beats Estimates as Sales of Gardasil Vaccine Surge Jared S Hopkins @jaredshopkins Caroline Chen CAROLINEYLCHEN October 25, 2016 — 6:47 AM EDT Updated on October 25, 2016 — 3:03 PM EDT Share on FacebookShare on Twitter Share on LinkedInShare on RedditShare on Google+E-mailShare on TwitterShare on WhatsApp Sales of top drug Januvia and related Janumet missed estimates Cancer drug Keytruda approved, could be prescribed flexibly Share on FacebookShare on Twitter Share on LinkedInShare on RedditShare on Google+E-mailShare on TwitterShare on WhatsApp Merck & Co.’s third-quarter profit topped analysts’ estimates, helped by better-than-expected sales of the vaccine Gardasil and the antibiotic Cubicin. While the two older drugs performed well, Merck is depending on newer products like cancer treatment Keytruda, its crown jewel, to revive growth as longtime franchise products face competition from cheaper generics. On Monday, two months earlier than expected, the U.S. Food and Drug Administration approved it for first-line use in metastatic non-small cell lung cancer. The broader label is expected to more double Keytruda sales to about $3.3 billion in 2017. Earnings excluding some items were $1.07 a share, the Kenilworth, New Jersey-based company said Tuesday in a statement, compared with the 99-cent average of predictions compiled by Bloomberg. Sales of Keytruda, at $356 million, fell short of the $371 million average estimate. “Keytruda was weak but that’s before the first-line launch, which everyone is excited about,” said Alex Arfaei, an analyst at BMO who rates the stock outperform. The shares rose 1.7 percent to $61.77 at 2:17 p.m. in New York. Keytruda’s momentum has been high after its main competitor, Opdivo from Bristol-Myers Squibb Co., failed in a large, late-stage trial. Merck is conducting more tests than any of its competitors in PD-L1 inhibitors, the immunotherapy mechanism of action in battling cancer, according to Sanford C. Bernstein & Co. analyst Tim Anderson, who rates the stock outperform. Merck is actively looking for ways to expand its pipeline, including “bolt-on” acquisitions, Chief Executive Officer Ken Frazier said on a conference call with analysts. Sales of the diabetes treatments Januvia and Janumet slipped 1.4 percent to $1.55 billion, compared with analysts’ projection of $1.62 billion. The pills are Merck’s biggest products and could face competition from generics and Eli Lilly & Co.’s Jardiance, which is waiting for approval from the U.S. government for claims that it cuts down the risk of death from cardiac events. Merck also received a one-time boost of $150 million in sales in Japan after shipment timings were moved to accommodate a new software system the drugmaker will implement in the fourth quarter, the company said in the statement. Gardasil had sales of $860 million compared with analysts’ predictions of $629 million. Cubicin sold $320 million, compared with estimates of $209 million. Other highlights from the third quarter: Merck raised its 2016 revenue projection to $39.7 billion to $40.2 billion, compared to a July estimate of $39.1 billion to $40.1 billion.  The drugmaker raised its forecast for full-year adjusted earnings to $3.71 to $3.78 a share, compared with a previous projection of $3.67 to $3.77 a share. Quarterly net income rose to $2.18 billion, or 78 cents a share, from $1.83 billion, or 64 cents, a year earlier. Revenue gained 4.6 percent to $10.5 billion, topping analysts’ estimates of $10.2 billion. Before it's here, it's on the Bloomberg Terminal. LEARN MORE Merck & Co Cancer Terms of Service Trademarks Privacy Policy ©2016 Bloomberg L.P. All Rights Reserved Careers Made in NYC Advertise Ad Choices Website Feedback Help
PMGroup PME Communiqué The Directory Quality in Care How to Advertise Privacy and cookies My Account Register Please login to the form below Not currently logged in Email: Password: I have forgotten my password PME Communiqué The Directory Opening up market access Advanced search Home News Intelligence Thought leadership Appointments Awards Blogs Clinical Top Pharma List PMHub Jobs News Research Sales Marketing Regulatory Healthcare Jobs and recruitment Trending AstraZeneca's durvalumab trial Novartis biosimilar sales Lilly's solanezumab results in Alzheimer's Remicade-biosimilar switch trial PMEA 2016 finalists Merck gets early OK for Keytruda in first-line lung cancer FDA fast-tracks approval of PD-1/PD-L1 inhibitor for treatment of NSCLC Merck & Co's Keytruda has become the first drug in the PD-1/PD-L1 inhibitor class to be approved for first-line treatment of non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC), setting the stage for acceleration in its use. The US FDA approved the drug two months ahead of schedule for patients with advanced NSCLC whose tumours express high levels of PD-L1 (i.e. with 50% or more of the cells producing the biomarker). In the KEYNOTE-024 trial, Keytruda improved both progression-free survival and overall survival compared to platinum-based chemotherapy in these patients. The green light gives Merck another opportunity to gain ground on its arch-rival Bristol-Myers Squibb, whose PD-1 inhibitor Opdivo (nivolumab) is currently outselling Keytruda by a factor of three. In the first six months of the year sales of Opdivo came in at $1.54bn, with Keytruda bringing in $563m. Keytruda, Opdivo and Roche's new PD-L1 inhibitor Tecentriq (atezolizumab) are all approved for second-line treatment after chemotherapy in NSCLC patients, but claiming the first-line indication is expected to be crucial for future dominance in the big NSCLC market. BMS' drug performed worse than chemotherapy in the CheckMate-026 trial, and initially it was thought that the company's 'all-comer' strategy of enrolling NSCLC patients with both high and low PD-L1 expression may have been the cause. A closer look at the data gave no comfort however, with the drug failing to show any effect regardless of the PD-L1 expression status of patients. Opdivo's stumble means Keytruda will likely be the only immuno-oncology option for previously-untreated NSCLC until Roche completes its phase III first-line programme for Tecentriq, which is due to generate its first results in 2018. Roche is also testing Tecentriq in combination with chemotherapy in NSCLC patients with high and low PD-L1 expression levels, while BMS is hoping that an all-comer trial looking at the combination of its two current immuno-oncology drugs - Opdivo and CTLA4 inhibitor Yervoy (ipilimumab) - could tip the balance in its favour once again. Merck will make hay in the meantime, and with PD-L1 testing becoming more common in the first-line setting there could be a pull-through effect for Keytruda into second-line treatment, further lessening Opdivo's advantage in this form of cancer. Keytruda's competitive position in second-line has also been improved by another FDA approval, this time for labelling that will make patients who have failed to improve with chemotherapy eligible for pembrolizumab even if their tumours produce a low level of PD-L1. Please enable JavaScript to view the comments. Article by Phil Taylor 25th October 2016 From: Regulatory Share  Print Friendly Tags PME Digital Edition Featured jobs SAE & Account Manager - Victoria – Healthcare Advertising Salary TBC Director of Strategy/ Scientific Services – Full Home working, E... Neg SINGAPORE - Senior or Principal Medical Writer Opportunity - Med... D.O.E Editor, Medical Communications, London Competitive Salary Scientific Director- Immuno Oncology Specialist - Med Comms (Lon... Neg Medical Writer, Healthcare Education Design & Development, L... Competitive Salary Senior Account Manager – Medical Education – Boutique Agency Salary TBC Senior Account Manager / Jr AD - Consumer & Prescription – H... Salary TBC Deputy Managing Director, Medical Communications, South East UK Excellent Package Client Lead, Consumer Health & Wellness, South East UK Excellent Package Chief Operating Officer – Medical Education – London Salary TBC New Business and Marketing Manager, circa £50K, Healthcare Commu... Excellent Package Account Director – Medical Communications Salary TBC Healthcare PR Innovator, London Excellent Package Account Director – Med Ed – Publications Salary TBC PR Associate Director – Healthcare PR – London Salary TBC Managing Director, Healthcare PR, London Excellent Package Account Director, Healthcare PR, London Excellent Package Creative Team – Mid-weight & Senior Art Director & Senio... SUPERB PACKAGES AVAILABLE Pharma/ Life Sciences - Social / Digital Account Director Industry leading package and bens SYDNEY BASED ROLE - Senior Account Director – Associate CSD - Me... D.O.E Subscribe to our email news alerts Most read Most shared Latest content Pharma stocks rise after Donald Trump's election win Siemens' healthcare unit to become standalone business Pfizer’s first-in-class breast cancer therapy wins EU licence NICE backs Novartis' Afinitor and Pfizer's Xalkori Pfizer to shut down two UK manufacturing sites NICE set to knock-back Amgen's myeloma treatment Kyprolis Gilead's hepatitis B virus treatment set for European approval CHMP recommends Merck & Co's Lantus biosimilar Amgen wins European approval for Parsabiv Lilly bags EU approval for cancer treatment Lartruvo A rock and a hard place greyhealth group appoints digital strategy director PMHubAdd my company Any category... Advertising Branding Clinical research Conferences meetings events Creative and design Digital communications Homecare Industry associations IT solutions Management consultancies Manufacturing packaging logistics Market access Market research Marketing consultancies Media planning and buying Medical communications Medical education Patient support and adherence Pharmacy Print services Policy and government affairs Public relations Publishers Recruitment and career development Regulatory affairs Research and development Sales Training Translation services Frontera Our higher purpose is to deliver better communication to increase and speed up the ability of patients to access better... Latest intelligence Are we harnessing the full emotional power of brand creativity? Creative Director Damien Parsonage breaks down the common misconception that pharma and healthcare marketing for healthcare professionals ought to be entirely scientific and rational. Brands are powerful; here's how to... Opinion piece: Personalisation – the future of medical education Alex Goonesinghe, Research Manager, and Nigel Campbell, Multichannel Communications Director, share their thoughts on the growing trend towards personalised medical education.... Rethinking pharma communications Guide: How do you adjust your communications to the new multichannel and multi-stakeholder environment?... Quick links Country reports Digital Handbook The Gallery Healthcare glossary How to advertise HTA guidance tracker Orphan drugs and rare diseases PME supplements Social media hub Webinars Infographics Multimedia<> Webinar: Customer engagement design Communiqué Awards 2015: Winners in pictures Communiqué Awards 2015: Gallery PMEA 2015: Winners in pictures PMEA 2015: Pictures About us Contact us How to advertise Site map All content copyright © PMGroup Worldwide Ltd 2016
    Sign In Account Sign Out Subscribe News Innovation Leadership Best Managed Companies MBA Guide Kickstart.am Search for: Search for: Sign In Subscribe News Innovation Leadership Best Managed Companies MBA Guide Kickstart.am Home News Innovation Leadership Best Managed Companies MBA Guide PROFITguide.com Kickstart.am Subscribe Follow Us Twitter Facebook Google+ Share LinkedIn Home News Merck breezes past 3Q profit expectations, raises forecast Merck breezes past 3Q profit expectations, raises forecast Oct 25, 2016 Linda A. Johnson, The Associated Press   0 Higher sales of vaccines and prescription medicines, coupled with restrained spending, helped Merck & Co. post a 20 per cent jump in third-quarter profit, trouncing Wall Street expectations. The maker of Januvia diabetes pills raised and narrowed its 2016 financial forecasts, but noted some headwinds, including the start of U.S. generic competition to three drugs by year’s end. Its shares edged higher in midday trading Tuesday. The second-biggest U.S. drugmaker is in transition, with revenue from older products such as immune disorder treatment Remicade and the Dulera asthma inhaler levelling off or falling amid increased competition. But sales are building for drugs launched since 2014, particularly immuno-oncology drug Keytruda and hepatitis C-curing Zepatier. Meanwhile, Zinplava for preventing recurrence of life-threatening C. difficile infections was approved Friday in the U.S., and Merck plans to apply soon for approval of experimental diabetes drug ertugliflozin and additional uses for Keytruda, its newest blockbuster, with more than $1 billion in sales over the past four quarters. In addition, chief executive Ken Frazier told analysts during a conference call that deals to boost Merck’s pipeline of experimental drugs, with a focus on small -to-midsized assets that fit well within its business, are a priority. He noted Merck is calling attention to the innovation of its medicines amid the U.S. political furor over soaring drug prices. “We don’t think these environmental pricing pressures will ease,” Frazier said. Merck reported net income of $2.18 billion, or 78 cents per share. Adjusted for one-time gains and costs, earnings came to $1.07 per share, eclipsing the 98 cents analysts expected. The Kenilworth, New Jersey-based drugmaker reported revenue of $10.54 billion, up 5 per cent and above Street forecasts for $10.24 billion. Sales of prescription drugs rose 6 per cent to $9.44 billion, led by higher sales for Keytruda, cholesterol pill Zetia, drugs used in hospitals and Gardasil and other vaccines. Top seller Januvia and combination drug Jamumet, for Type 2 diabetes, saw sales dip 1 per cent to a combined $1.56 billion. Sales of cholesterol medicines Zetia and Vytorin, which should face generic competition by year’s end, edged up 1 per cent to $944 million. Antibiotic Cubicin also is getting generic competition this quarter. Gardasil, a vaccine against cancer-causing human papilloma virus, saw sales jump 38 per cent to $860 million, boosted by a higher U.S. price for a new version that protects against more strains of HPV, higher U.S. demand and purchases by government health programs. Children’s vaccine Proquad also benefited from U.S. health program stockpiling, raising sales 28 per cent to $496 million. Keytruda, one of the hot new cancer drugs that work by boosting the immune system to fight tumors, posted sales of $364 million, up 124 per cent. Late Monday, the immuno-oncology drug won U.S. approval — two months ahead of schedule — for using Keytruda in bigger patient groups, including those newly diagnosed with lung cancer. Cancer drugs typically are approved initially for use after multiple other drugs have failed patients, then gradually allowed to be used earlier in treatment. Keytruda is already approved as a second-line treatment for lung cancer and for melanoma and head and neck cancer. It’s being tested in about 300 patient studies, alone and combined with chemotherapy or other immuno-oncology drugs. “We are excited by the long-term potential of Keytruda against many different tumour types,” pharmaceutical marketing head Adam Schechter told the analysts. Sanford Bernstein analyst Dr. Timothy Anderson wrote to investors that the early approval “helps cement the product’s lead versus competitors in the large lung cancer market,” which should further raise Keytruda sales. Sales of veterinary medicines rose 5 per cent to $865 million, driven partly by the Bravecto line of flea and tick products. Merck now expects full-year earnings of $2.02 to $2.09, up from its July forecast of $1.98 to $2.08, and revenue of $39.7 billion to $40.2 billion, up from $39.1 billion to $40.1 billion. In midday trading, Merck shares rose 74 cents, or 1.2 per cent, to $61.49 as the broader markets declined. Merck shares have risen more than 16 per cent over the past year. _____ Follow Linda A. Johnson at www.twitter.com/LindaJ_onPharma shares Share: Twitter Facebook LinkedIn Google+ Share Email Advertisement Advertisement    Leave a comment Hide comments Leave a comment Cancel reply Sign in to comment. You're logged in as . Logout. Loading profile... Unexpected error. Please try again. Notice: Your email may not yet have been verified. Please check your email, click the link to verify your address, and then submit your comment. If you can't find this email, access your profile editor to re-send the confirmation email. You must have a verified email to submit a comment. Once you have done so, check again. Your comment Name * Email * Top Follow us Twitter Facebook Google+ Share LinkedIn Resources About Us Contact Us Advertising In-class program Create a new password We've sent an email with instructions to create a new password. Your existing password has not been changed. Close Create a new password We'll send you a link to create a new password. {* #forgotPasswordForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* backButton *} {* forgotPassword_sendButton *} {* /forgotPasswordForm *} {* mergeAccounts *} My profile {* profilePhotoCustom *} {* public_profileBlurb *} Display Name: {* public_displayName *} {* public_name *} {* public_gender *} {* public_birthdate *} {* public_emailAddress *} {* public_address *} {* public_phoneNumber *} Close Thank you for signing up! We have sent a confirmation email to {* emailAddressData *}. Please check your email and click on the link to activate your account. Close Sign In Welcome back, {* welcomeName *}! {* loginWidget *} Or Use another account Sign In Welcome back, ! {* #userInformationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* traditionalSignIn_password *} Forgot your password? {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} {* /userInformationForm *} Or Use another account Sign In / Sign Up With your existing account from {* loginWidget *} Or With an email account {* #userInformationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* traditionalSignIn_password *} Forgot your password? {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} {* traditionalSignIn_createButton *} {* /userInformationForm *} Almost Done! Please confirm the information below before signing up. {* #socialRegistrationForm *} {* socialRegistration_firstName *} {* socialRegistration_lastName *} {* socialRegistration_emailAddress *} {* socialRegistration_displayName *} By clicking "Create Account", I confirm that I have read and understood each of the website terms of service and privacy policy and that I agree to be bound by them. {* backButton *} {* /socialRegistrationForm *} Sign in to complete account merge {* #tradAuthenticateMergeForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* mergePassword *} {* backButton *} {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} {* /tradAuthenticateMergeForm *} Almost Done! Please confirm the information below before signing up. {* #registrationForm *} {* traditionalRegistration_firstName *} {* traditionalRegistration_lastName *} {* traditionalRegistration_emailAddress *} {* traditionalRegistration_displayName *} {* traditionalRegistration_password *} {* traditionalRegistration_passwordConfirm *} Subscribe to Canadian Business - Your Source For Business News newsletters Market Wrap The day's key business, market and company news, with analysis and opinion from Canadian Business Online's writers. Delivered each business day. Delivered each business day.† From our partners I would like Canadian Business to send me alerts, event notifications and special deals or information from our carefully screened partners that may be of interest to me.† By clicking "Create Account", I confirm that I have read and understood each of the website terms of service and privacy policy and that I agree to be bound by them. {* backButton *} {* createAccountButton *} {* /registrationForm *} Your Verification Email Has Been Sent Check your email for a link to reset your password. Sign in Create a new password We've sent an email with instructions to create a new password. Your existing password has not been changed. Close Create a new password We didn't recognize that password reset code. Enter your email address to get a new one. {* #resetPasswordForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* forgotPassword_sendButton *} {* /resetPasswordForm *} Your password has been changed Password has been successfully updated. OK Change password {* newPasswordForm *} {* newpassword *} {* newpasswordConfirm *} {* submitButton *} {* /newPasswordForm *} You did it! Thank you for verifying your email address. OK Resend Email Verification Sorry we could not verify that email address. Enter your email below and we'll send you another email. {* #resendVerificationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* submitButton *} {* /resendVerificationForm *} © 1999-2016 Rogers Media. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy Ad Choices Terms of Service
Dienstag, 15.11.2016 Börsentäglich über 12.000 News von 551 internationalen Medien Indizes Kurs % News 24 h / 7 T Aufrufe 7 Tage Aktien Kurs % News 24 h / 7 T Aufrufe 7 Tage Xetra-Orderbuch Devisen Kurs % Rohstoffe Kurs % Passende Knock-Outs zu Ihrer Suchanfrage (Anzeige) Erweiterte Suche Ad hoc-Mitteilungen Startseite Nachrichten Aktienkurse Fonds Anleihen Derivate Rohstoffe Devisen Watchlist Aufklappen Schliessen Aktien»Nachrichten»MERCK & CO AKTIE»Merck & Co Inc. Reports 10% Increase In Q3 Profit MERCK & CO INC 59,48  Euro +0,738 +1,26 % WKN: A0YD8Q  ISIN: US58933Y1055 Ticker-Symbol: 6MK  Frankfurt | 14.11.16 | 17:11 Uhr Nachrichten Analysen Kurse Chart Aktie: BranchePharma AktienmarktDJ Industrial S&P 100 S&P 500 1-Jahres-Chart 1-Woche-Intraday-Chart Realtime Geld Brief Zeit 58,99 59,58 14.11. 59,06 59,32 14.11. 25.10.2016 | 13:04 (4 Leser) Schrift ändern: (0 Bewertungen) AFX News·Mehr Nachrichten von AFX News Merck & Co Inc. Reports 10% Increase In Q3 Profit WHITEHOUSE STATION (dpa-AFX) - Merck & Co Inc. (MRK) reported earnings for its third quarter that advanced from last year. The company said its bottom line rose to $2.99 billion, or $1.07 per share. This was up from $2.72 billion, or $0.96 per share, in last year's third quarter. Analysts had expected the company to earn $0.99 per share, according figures compiled by Thomson Reuters. Analysts' estimates typically exclude special items. The company said revenue for the quarter rose 4.7% to $10.54 billion. This was up from $10.07 billion last year. Merck & Co Inc. earnings at a glance: -Earnings (Q3): $2.99 Bln. vs. $2.72 Bln. last year. -Earnings Growth (Y-o-Y): 9.9% -EPS (Q3): $1.07 vs. $0.96 last year. -EPS Growth (Y-o-Y): 11.5% -Analysts Estimate: $0.99 -Revenue (Q3): $10.54 Bln vs. $10.07 Bln last year. -Revenue Change (Y-o-Y): 4.7% -Guidance: Full year EPS guidance: $3.71 - $3.78 Full year revenue guidance: $39.7 - $40.2 Bln Copyright RTT News/dpa-AFX © 2016 AFX News Nachrichten zu MERCK & CO INC Zeit Aktuelle Nachrichten Mo Inside the Health Care Select SPDR ETF: Merck (MRK, XLV) ► Artikel lesen Mo Merck's Triple Combination HCV Therapy Positive in Phase III ► Artikel lesen Mo BRIEF-OpGen collaborates with Merck to develop rapid diagnostics and informatics tools to help combat antimicrobial resistance ► Artikel lesen Mo OpGen (OPGN), Merck (MRK) Enter Rapid Diagnostics, IT Products Development Collaboration ► Artikel lesen Mo Merck (MRK) Announces Upcoming Presentation of Strong ZEPATIER Data in Certain HCV Genotypes ► Artikel lesen Firmen im Artikel 1-Woche-Intraday-Chart MERCK & CO INC Unternehmen / Aktien Kurs % MERCK & CO INC 59,48 +1,26 % Sie erhalten auf FinanzNachrichten.de kostenlose Realtime-Aktienkurse von  und  mit der Push-Technologie von   Wie bewerten Sie die aktuell angezeigte Seite?sehr gut123456schlechtProblem melden Google+ Seite Nachrichten • Aktienkurse • DAX • Xetra-Orderbuch • Watchlist Ad hoc-Mitteilungen • Nachrichten Börsen • Aktien-Empfehlungen Branchen • Medien • Nachrichten-Archiv Impressum | AGB | Disclaimer • Presse • Mediadaten RSS-News von FinanzNachrichten.de kostenlos für Ihren Browser und Ihre Homepage

Skip to Content Search: All AllConsumerProfessionalPill IDInteractionsNewsFDA AlertsApprovalsPipelineClinical TrialsCare NotesEncyclopediaDictionaryNatural Products Browse all medications: a b c d e f g h i j k l m n o p q r s t u v w x y z Advanced Search Topics & Tools Facebook Twitter Google Plus Sign In Sign In Register Menu Close Account Sign In Register Now Drugs A-Z A-Z Drug Index Drugs by Condition Drugs by Class Generic Drugs OTC Drugs International Drugs Natural Products Veterinary Products Info en Español Drug Side Effects Dosage Guides Pregnancy Warnings Breastfeeding Warnings Pricing & Coupons Inactive Ingredients Advanced Search Phonetic Search Pill Identifier Interactions Checker News Q & A Pro Edition Apps More Videos Slideshows Mobile Apps Pricing & Coupon Guide Facebook Twitter Google Plus YouTube Home › News › Clinical Trials › Merck... Print Share All News Consumer Pharma New Drugs Pipeline Clinical Trials FDA Alerts Merck Announces Pivotal Phase 3 Study of Letermovir Met Primary Endpoint Tweet KENILWORTH, N.J.--(BUSINESS WIRE) October 19, 2016 -- Merck & Co., Inc. (NYSE: MRK), known as MSD outside the United States and Canada, today announced that the pivotal Phase 3 clinical study of letermovir, an investigational antiviral medicine, met its primary endpoint. The global, multicenter, randomized, placebo-controlled study evaluated the efficacy and safety of letermovir for the prevention of clinically-significant cytomegalovirus (CMV) infection in adult (18 years and older) CMV-seropositive recipients of an allogeneic hematopoietic stem cell transplant (HSCT). Merck will submit results from the study for presentation at a future scientific conference. “There is an unmet need for therapeutic options in the prevention of CMV infection in high-risk allogeneic hematopoietic stem cell transplant recipients,” said Dr. Roy Baynes, senior vice president of clinical development, Merck Research Laboratories. “Merck is pleased this pivotal Phase 3 study with letermovir met its primary endpoint. We thank the patients and families who participated in this study and we look forward to presenting results at a future scientific meeting.” In the study, letermovir was administered once daily, either in oral tablet or IV formulation. Letermovir was started as early as the day of HSCT transplant and no later than 28 days post-transplant, and continued through approximately 100 days after transplant. The primary outcome measure was the percentage of participants with clinically-significant CMV infection through 24 weeks after transplant. Additional details about the study can be found online at www.clinicaltrials.gov/ct2/show/NCT02137772. About Letermovir Letermovir is an investigational once-daily antiviral medicine under development for the prevention of CMV infection and disease. It is a member of a new class of non-nucleoside CMV inhibitors (3,4 dihydro-quinazolines) and inhibits viral replication by targeting the viral terminase complex. Letermovir has been granted orphan designation by the European Medicines Agency, the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) and the Japanese Ministry of Health, Labour and Welfare for the prevention of CMV infection and disease in at-risk populations. Letermovir also has been granted Fast Track designation by the FDA. Under an agreement signed in 2012, Merck (through a subsidiary) purchased worldwide rights to develop and commercialize letermovir from AiCuris GmbH & Co KG (www.aicuris.com). About Merck For 125 years, Merck has been a global health care leader working to help the world be well. Merck is known as MSD outside the United States and Canada. Through our prescription medicines, vaccines, biologic therapies, and animal health products, we work with customers and operate in more than 140 countries to deliver innovative health solutions. We also demonstrate our commitment to increasing access to health care through far-reaching policies, programs and partnerships. For more information, visit www.merck.com and connect with us on Twitter, Facebook, YouTube and LinkedIn. Forward-Looking Statement This news release of Merck & Co., Inc., Kenilworth, N.J., USA (the “company”) includes “forward-looking statements” within the meaning of the safe harbor provisions of the U.S. Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These statements are based upon the current beliefs and expectations of the company’s management and are subject to significant risks and uncertainties. There can be no guarantees with respect to pipeline products that the products will receive the necessary regulatory approvals or that they will prove to be commercially successful. If underlying assumptions prove inaccurate or risks or uncertainties materialize, actual results may differ materially from those set forth in the forward-looking statements. Risks and uncertainties include but are not limited to, general industry conditions and competition; general economic factors, including interest rate and currency exchange rate fluctuations; the impact of pharmaceutical industry regulation and health care legislation in the United States and internationally; global trends toward health care cost containment; technological advances, new products and patents attained by competitors; challenges inherent in new product development, including obtaining regulatory approval; the company’s ability to accurately predict future market conditions; manufacturing difficulties or delays; financial instability of international economies and sovereign risk; dependence on the effectiveness of the company’s patents and other protections for innovative products; and the exposure to litigation, including patent litigation, and/or regulatory actions. The company undertakes no obligation to publicly update any forward-looking statement, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. Additional factors that could cause results to differ materially from those described in the forward-looking statements can be found in the company’s 2015 Annual Report on Form 10-K and the company’s other filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) available at the SEC’s Internet site (www.sec.gov). Source: Merck & Co., Inc. Posted: October 2016 View comments More News Resources FDA Medwatch Drug Alerts FDA Drug Safety Labeling Changes Daily MedNews Pharma Industry News New Drug Approvals New Drug Applications Clinical Trial Results Generic Drug Approvals Monthly Update Archive Recently Approved Vemlidy Vemlidy (tenofovir alafenamide) is a hepatitis B virus (HBV) nucleoside analog reverse... Zinplava Zinplava (bezlotoxumab) is a selective, fully-human, monoclonal antibody that binds to Clostridium... Lartruvo Lartruvo (olaratumab) is a platelet-derived growth factor receptor alpha (PDGFR-α) blocking ... Carnexiv Carnexiv (carbamazepine) is an intravenous injection formulation of the antiepileptic drug... More... Available RSS Feeds Select any link below to view the RSS feed. Daily MedNews Pharma Industry News FDA MedWatch Drug Alerts New Drug Approvals New Drug Applications Clinical Trials News Labeling Changes Was this page helpful? Yes No Drugs.com Mobile Apps The easiest way to lookup drug information, identify pills, check interactions and set up your own personal medication records. Available for Android and iOS devices. Explore Apps Support Help Center Frequent Questions Sitemap Contact Us About About Drugs.com Advertising Policy Content Submissions Drugs.com Blog Terms & Privacy Editorial Policy Privacy Policy Terms of Use Attribution & Citations Connect Facebook Twitter Google Plus YouTube RSS Feed Subscribe to receive email notifications whenever new articles are published. Drugs.com provides accurate and independent information on more than 24,000 prescription drugs, over-the-counter medicines and natural products. This material is provided for educational purposes only and is not intended for medical advice, diagnosis or treatment. Data sources include Micromedex® (updated Nov 1st, 2016), Cerner Multum™ (updated Nov 3rd, 2016), Wolters Kluwer™ (updated Nov 3rd, 2016) and others. To view content sources and attributions, please refer to our editorial policy. Third Party Advertising We comply with the HONcode standard for trustworthy health information - verify here Copyright © 2000-2016 Drugs.com. All rights reserved. Like Tweet +1 Email Hide

Latest News Dow 18,869 +21.03 +0.11% Nasdaq 5,218 -18.72 -0.36% S&P 500 2,164 -0.25 -0.01% 6:20 P.M. ET Google to block its ads from fake-news sites 6:18 P.M. ET 'Mars': National Geographic Network's Moonshot 6:04 P.M. ET Obama Addresses Concerns About Bannon's Appointment 6:06 P.M. ET Updated David Einhorn’s Greenlight Capital reduces stakes in Apple, GM, buys U.S. Steel 6:04 P.M. ET Updated SEC chief Mary Jo White announces plans to leave 6:02 P.M. ET Obama Addresses Concerns About Bannon's Appointment 5:47 P.M. ET Updated Deutsche Bank raises S&P 500 year-end target after postelection rally 5:35 P.M. ET George Soros buys stakes in Alphabet, Netflix, dumps Disney, General Motors 5:31 P.M. ET Updated Donald Trump and Vladimir Putin speak by phone 5:19 P.M. ET Financial services industry is at risk to get even whiter 5:15 P.M. ET David Tepper's hedge fund buys new stakes in Apple, Bank of America and Facebook 5:11 P.M. ET Estee Lauder to buy Too Faced for $1.45B, looks to 'win with millennials' 5:10 P.M. ET Einhorn adds Aercap, Calpine, United States Steel, trims Apple stake 5:02 P.M. ET My father-in-law married his girlfriend before he died — she won’t return our calls 5:02 P.M. ET Tepper's Appaloosa sells entire 4.4 mln-share stake in 21st Century Fox during Q3--SEC filing 5:02 P.M. ET SEC says Mary Jo White to leave at the end of the Obama administration 5:00 P.M. ET Nasdaq names Adena Friedman president and CEO 5:00 P.M. ET The ‘Trump trade’ is shaking up markets around the globe 4:59 P.M. ET Updated CORRECT: Tepper's Appaloosa buys new 4.1 mln-share stake in Bank of America during Q3--SEC filing 4:58 P.M. ET Updated CORRECT: Tepper's Appaloosa trims Allergan stake slightly 1.2 mln shares during Q3--SEC filing Log In Home News Viewer Video SectorWatch Podcasts First Take Games Portfolio My MarketWatch News Viewer Markets U.S. Europe/Middle East Emerging Markets Asia Canada SectorWatch Columns Market Snapshot Movers & Shakers The Tell Currencies Futures Movers Pre-Market News Tools Earnings Wall Markets Overview IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar Currency Tools Futures Contracts Market Screener Hulbert Interactive Investing Stocks Mutual Funds ETFs Options Bonds Commodities Currencies Futures Hedge Funds/Insider Trades Getting Started MarketWatch Adviser Columns Options Trader Revolution Investing Tools Stock Screener Funds Finder ETF Screener Options Screener IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar More... Trading Deck . Personal Finance 10 Things Big Spender Real Estate Spending & Saving Taxes Columns The Moneyologist Brett Arends Bill Bischoff Amy Hoak Chuck Jaffe Jennifer Openshaw Jennifer Waters Tools Funds Finder Today's Rates Retirement RetireMentors Encore Taxes Retire Here, Not There How-to Guides Social Security Estate Planning Events Columns Robert Powell's Retirement Portfolio Andrea Coombes's Working Retirement Tools Retirement Planner How long will my money last? Economy Federal Reserve Capitol Report Economic Report Columns Darrell Delamaide Irwin Kellner Rex Nutting Tools Economic Calendar Real Estate Location Scouts realtor.com My MarketWatch Watchlist Alerts Games Log In Until Tokyo Markets Open US Market Snapshot Currencies Commodities Home Industries Pharmaceuticals The Wall Street Journal Get email alerts The Wall Street Journal These investors, many with religious ties, are calling for drug price transparency By Peter Loftus Published: Oct 24, 2016 12:51 p.m. ET Share Johnson & Johnson, Pfizer and Merck are among the drug companies being targeted Bloomberg News/Landov By PeterLoftus A group of 300 institutional investors, including many with ties to religious organizations, is waging a new campaign to press drugmakers to justify their price increases. The investors, members of the New York-based Interfaith Center on Corporate Responsibility, are asking 17 drug companies—including Johnson & Johnson JNJ, -1.58% Pfizer Inc. PFE, -0.64%  and Merck & Co. MRK, -0.66%  —to be more transparent about when and why they raise prices. The investors, which own shares in the drug companies being targeted, say rising costs are putting prescription drugs out of reach for many patients. That could lead to long-term challenges for the companies, they say. “The health of the economy depends on the health of the people,” said Donna Meyer, director of shareholder advocacy for ICCR member Mercy Investment Services Inc. of St. Louis, which runs retirement funds for the Roman Catholic congregation Sisters of Mercy. “We can’t afford these escalating costs.” An expanded version of this report appears at WSJ.com. Popular on WSJ.com: The Fatal Mistake That Doomed Samsung’s Galaxy Note Clinton Ally Aided Campaign of FBI Official’s Wife More from MarketWatch Mylan’s EpiPen caught the full force of drug price outrage because it was the perfect target, not because it was the only one Martin Shkreli-style drug price hikes are not that new These therapists specialize in the unique mental problems of millennials MarketWatch Partner Center We Want to Hear from You Join the conversation Comment Celebrity Real Estate News Celebrities renege on their pledges to move out of U.S on the back of Trump win View More Investing If you're shocked that Trump won, you broke 3 basic principles of investing View More Barron's Next Dear President-Elect Trump, a millennial wishlist View More Investing Opinion: A 12-step plan to strengthen your portfolio after Trump's victory View More MarketWatch Site Index Topics Help Feedback Newsroom Roster Media Archive Premium Products Mobile Company Company Info Code of Conduct Corrections Advertising Media Kit Advertise Locally Reprints & Licensing Broker Center Your Ad Choices Dow Jones Network WSJ.com Barron's Online BigCharts Virtual Stock Exchange Financial News Online WSJ.com Small Business realtor.com Mansion Global Back to Top Copyright ©2016 MarketWatch, Inc. All rights reserved. By using this site you agree to the Terms of Service, Privacy Policy, and Cookie Policy. Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. Intraday data delayed per exchange requirements. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real time last sale data provided by NASDAQ. More information on NASDAQ traded symbols and their current financial status. Intraday data delayed 15 minutes for Nasdaq, and 20 minutes for other exchanges. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. SEHK intraday data is provided by SIX Financial Information and is at least 60-minutes delayed. All quotes are in local exchange time. Advanced Search Stocks Columns Authors Topics No results found Johnson & Johnson U.S.: NYSE: JNJ $116.60 -1.87 (-1.58%) Volume 9.8M Open $118.58 High $118.99 Low $116.50 P/E Ratio 20.64 Div Yield 2.74 Market Cap 322.3B Pfizer Inc. U.S.: NYSE: PFE $32.38 -0.21 (-0.64%) Volume 29.3M Open $32.85 High $32.90 Low $32.13 P/E Ratio 32.38 Div Yield 3.71 Market Cap 197.7B Merck & Co. Inc. U.S.: NYSE: MRK $63.53 -0.42 (-0.66%) Volume 9.3M Open $64.00 High $64.09 Low $63.24 P/E Ratio 32.41 Div Yield 2.9 Market Cap 176.3B LatestNews
24/7 Wall St. - Insightful Analysis and Commentary for U.S. and Global Equity Investors Search this site Business Aerospace & Defense Autos Banking & Finance Commodities & Metals Consumer Products Energy Healthcare Industrials Infrastructure Media Retail Services Technology Apps & Software Consumer Electronics Telecom & Wireless Apple Inc. Facebook Google Investing Analyst Upgrades Bankruptcy Buffett Corporate Governance Corporate Performance Dividends and Buybacks Earnings ETFs and Mutual Funds International Markets IPOs and Secondaries Mergers and Acquisitions Personal Finance Rumors Value Investing Economy Energy Government Regulation Healthcare Housing Jobs Special Report Brands and Products Cities Countries States What to Expect From Merck Earnings By Chris Lange October 24, 2016 12:35 pm EST Print Email Tweet Merck & Co. (NYSE: MRK) is scheduled to release its third-quarter earnings report after before the markets open on Tuesday. The consensus estimates from Thomson Reuters are $0.98 in earnings per share (EPS) and $10.18 billion in revenue. In the same period of last year, Merck posted EPS of $0.96 on $10.07 billion in revenue. Prior to its presentation at the European Society for Medical Oncology in mid-October, Merck announced that Keytruda (pembrolizumab), demonstrated superiority in overall survival at 18 months compared to standard of care chemotherapy (docetaxel) in patients with metastatic non-small cell lung cancer previously treated with platinum-containing chemotherapy whose tumors expressed PD-L1, as well as patients with high levels of PD-L1 expression. Roy S. Herbst, M.D., Ph.D., professor of medicine and chief of medical oncology, Yale Cancer Center and Smilow Cancer Hospital at Yale, New Haven, commented: These findings – which show superior survival with longer follow-up across patients with PD-L1 expression (tumor proportion score of one percent or more), as well as improved quality of life – point to KEYTRUDA as a durable treatment option for many previously treated patients with advanced non-small cell lung cancer. These data also reinforce the value of using PD-L1 as a biomarker to identify patients who are likely to benefit from KEYTRUDA. Ahead of the earnings report, a few analysts weighed in on Merck: Jefferies reiterated a Hold rating with a $65 price target. Merrill Lynch has a Buy rating with a $70 price target. Leerink reiterated a Market Perform rating with a $65 price target. Barclays reiterated an Overweight rating. Argus reiterated a Buy rating with a $65 price target. Morgan Stanley has a Hold rating with a $60 price target. Sanford Bernstein has an Outperform rating with a $74 price target. So far in 2016, Merck has outperformed the broad markets, with the stock up about 16%. Over the past 52 weeks, the stock is up roughly the same amount. Shares of Merck were trading at $61.00 on Monday, with a consensus analyst price target of $68.00 and a 52-week trading range of $47.97 to $64.86. I'm interested in the Newsletter Get Newsletter terms and conditions   By Chris Lange « Manufacturing Activity Ticks Higher on October How Long Can US Crude Oil Costs Remain Low? » Read more: Healthcare Business, Earnings, healthcare, pharmaceuticals, Merck & Co., Inc. (NYSE:MRK) Free Daily Newsletter Subscribe Terms & Conditions Sponsors Popular The Worst Companies to Work For The Most Republican County in Each State 40 Countries the US Government Doesn't Want You to Visit The Net Worth of American Presidents: Washington to Trump The Next 14 States to Legalize Marijuana Recent Major Changes in Warren Buffett & Berkshire Hathaway Stocks: American Airlines, Delta, Kinder Morgan, Walmart, BNY Mellon and More Dynavax, Nokia Tumble into Monday’s 52-Week Low Club UnitedHealth, McDonald’s Lift DJIA Monday Ichor Holdings Gears Up for IPO Get Quote for: Symbol Lookup Search What Happened in the Stock Market Today TransDigm Warns That 2017 Growth Could Slow Dramatically Why Even Donald Trump Probably Can't Stop Electric Cars Tepper's Appaloosa sells entire 4.4 mln-share stake in 21st Century Fox during Q3--SEC filing SEC says Mary Jo White to leave at the end of the Obama administration CORRECT: Tepper's Appaloosa buys new 4.1 mln-share stake in Bank of America during Q3--SEC filing Citigroup (C) to Relocate 900 Jobs from London to Dublin FBMS Has Surged 26% Since Earnings, Can it Continue? Retailers Have This Week's Best Earnings Charts A $1 million bet: Anatomy of a high-end house flip Dow breaks below 18K, as China, Fed fears weigh Billionaires had a rough year in 2015 - relatively U.S. SEC Chair White to time her exit from agency with Obama's Dim Prospects for Valeant Pharmaceuticals as Former CEOs Face Criminal Probes Why Mentor Graphics, Chico's FAS, and U.S. Steel Jumped Today Dem Seeks Probe Of Donald Trump's Conflicts Of Interest Here's What We Know About Your Retirement Under President Trump Mark Zuckerberg Continues To Insist Facebook Could Not Possibly Have Influenced Election Home About Us Disclaimer and Terms of Use Privacy Policy Contact Us Advertise AOL-HuffPost Money & Finance ©2016 24/7 Wall St. | Powered by WordPress.com VIP
DOW JONES, A NEWS CORP COMPANY News Corp is a network of leading companies in the worlds of diversified media, news, education, and information services. DOW JONES Barron's BigCharts DJX Dow Jones Newswires Factiva Financial News Mansion Global MarketWatch Newsmart NewsPlus Private Markets Risk & Compliance WSJ.com WSJ Pro WSJ Conference WSJ Video NEWS CORP Big Decisions Business Spectator Checkout51 Harper Collins New York Post PropTiger REA realtor.com Storyful The Australian The Sun The Times DJIA ▲ 18868.69 0.11%   S&P 500 ▲ 2164.20 -0.01%   Nasdaq ▲ 5218.40 -0.36%   U.S. 10 Yr ▲ 0/32 yield 2.263%   Crude Oil ▲ 43.62 0.69%   Euro ▲ 1.0749 0.11%   Subscribe Now Sign In The Wall Street Journal Sections My Journal Home World U.S. Politics Economy Business Tech Markets Opinion Arts Life Real Estate Today's Paper SHOW ALL SECTIONS HIDE ALL SECTIONS World Home Africa Asia Canada China Europe Latin America Middle East Brussels Real Time China Real Time India Real Time Economy World Video U.S. Home Economy Law New York Politics Real Time Economics The Numbers Washington Wire Journal Report U.S. Video What's News Podcast Politics Home Think Tank Washington Wire Politics Video WSJ/NBC News Poll Economy Home Real Time Economics Economic Forecasting Survey Economy Video Business Home Management Tech/WSJ.D Aerospace & Defense Autos & Transportation Commercial Real Estate Consumer Products Energy Entrepreneurship Financial Services Food & Services Health Care Hospitality Law Manufacturing Media & Marketing Natural Resources Retail CFO Journal CIO Journal CMO Today Logistics Report Risk & Compliance Bankruptcy Beat Heard on the Street Business Video Journal Report Business Podcast Tech Home CIO Journal Geoffrey Fowler Christopher Mims Joanna Stern Li Yuan Billion Dollar Startup Club Tech Video Tech Podcast Startup Stock Trader Markets Home Bonds Commercial Real Estate Commodities & Futures Currencies Deals Financial Services Funds Stocks Your Money Heard on the Street MoneyBeat Wealth Adviser Ahead of the Tape CFO Journal Journal Report Market Data Markets Video Markets Podcast MoneyBeat Podcast Heard on the Street Podcast Watching Your Wealth Podcast Opinion Home Arts in Review Book Reviews Commentary Editorials Letters to the Editor Best of the Web Columnists Morning Editorial Report Peggy Noonan Political Diary Opinion Video Potomac Watch Podcast Foreign Edition Podcast Arts Home Arts in Review Books Speakeasy Arts Video WSJ. Magazine Speakeasy Podcast Life Home Careers Cars Food & Drink Health Ideas Real Estate Science Sports Style & Fashion Travel Off Duty Daily The Daily Fix Life Video WSJ. Magazine WSJ Puzzles Off Duty Podcast The Future of Everything Real Estate Home Commercial Real Estate House of the Day Mansion Real Estate Video HIDE ALL SECTIONS Aim higher, reach further. Get the Wall Street Journal $12 for 12 weeks. Subscribe Now Sign In Reveal Navigation Options Home World Regions Africa Asia Canada China Europe Latin America Middle East Blogs Brussels Real Time China Real Time India Real Time Sections Economy More World Video U.S. Sections Economy Law New York Politics Columns & Blogs Real Time Economics The Numbers Washington Wire More Journal Report U.S. Video What's News Podcast Politics Blogs Think Tank Washington Wire More Politics Video WSJ/NBC News Poll Economy Blogs Real Time Economics More Economic Forecasting Survey Economy Video Business Sections Management Tech/WSJ.D Industries Aerospace & Defense Autos & Transportation Commercial Real Estate Consumer Products Energy Entrepreneurship Financial Services Food & Services Health Care Hospitality Law Manufacturing Media & Marketing Natural Resources Retail C-Suite CFO Journal CIO Journal CMO Today Logistics Report Risk & Compliance Columns & Blogs Bankruptcy Beat Heard on the Street More Business Video Journal Report Business Podcast Tech Sections CIO Journal Columns & Blogs Geoffrey Fowler Christopher Mims Joanna Stern Li Yuan More Billion Dollar Startup Club Tech Video Tech Podcast Startup Stock Trader Markets Sections Bonds Commercial Real Estate Commodities & Futures Currencies Deals Financial Services Funds Stocks Your Money Columns & Blogs Heard on the Street MoneyBeat Wealth Adviser Ahead of the Tape More CFO Journal Journal Report Market Data Markets Video Markets Podcast MoneyBeat Podcast Heard on the Street Podcast Watching Your Wealth Podcast Opinion Sections Arts in Review Book Reviews Commentary Editorials Letters to the Editor Columns & Blogs Best of the Web Columnists Morning Editorial Report Peggy Noonan Political Diary More Opinion Video Potomac Watch Podcast Foreign Edition Podcast Arts Sections Arts in Review Books Blogs Speakeasy More Arts Video WSJ. Magazine Speakeasy Podcast Life Sections Careers Cars Food & Drink Health Ideas Real Estate Science Sports Style & Fashion Travel Blogs Off Duty Daily The Daily Fix More Life Video WSJ. Magazine WSJ Puzzles Off Duty Podcast The Future of Everything Real Estate Sections Commercial Real Estate House of the Day Mansion More Real Estate Video Search SEARCH → Subscribe Sign In Samsung Charges Into Auto Tech With $8 Billion Deal for Harman Regency Centers Nearing Deal to Buy Equity One for About $5 Billion Siemens to Buy Mentor Graphics Amid Push to Digitize Factories U.S. Businesses Bet on Which Trump Will Govern Buffett’s Berkshire Invests in Airlines Google to Bar Fake-News Websites From Using Its Ad-Selling Software American Apparel Returns to Bankruptcy With Deal to Sell Brand Clinical Trial Succeeds for Injectable Opioid-Dependence Treatment Personal Technology Apple MacBook Pro Review: Same, Better and Worse Korea Line Outbids Hyundai Merchant for Hanjin Shipping Assets Tata Motors Posts Lower than Expected Profit Save Article Sign In to Save Subscribe to WSJ Text Size Regular Medium Large Google+ Print Business Faith-Based Investor Group Calls for Drugmakers to Be Transparent on Pricing Members of the Interfaith Center on Corporate Responsibility have submitted shareholder proposals to companies like Johnson & Johnson and Pfizer By Peter Loftus Peter Loftus The Wall Street Journal CANCEL BiographyPeter Loftus @Loftus Peter.Loftus@dowjones.com Updated Oct. 24, 2016 4:07 p.m. ET A group of 300 institutional investors, including many with ties to religious organizations, is waging a new campaign to press drugmakers to justify their price increases. The investors, members of the New York-based Interfaith Center on Corporate Responsibility, are asking 17 drug companies—including Johnson & Johnson, Pfizer Inc. and Merck & Co.—to be more transparent about when and why they raise prices. The... To Read the Full Story, Subscribe or Sign In Popular on WSJ Most Popular Videos The Most Super 'Supermoon' Since 1948 Apple MacBook Pro Review: Living With Tradeoffs President Obama Speaks to Press Trump’s Infrastructure Investment Plan Evokes Ayn Rand Earthquake in New Zealand Captured on Surveillance Video Most Popular Articles RNC Chair Priebus Is Named Trump’s Chief of Staff California, as Clinton Territory, Finds Itself a Political Outlier The Mortgage Market Is Changing Fast Opinion: Harry Reid and the Horse He Rode In On The Trump Trade Is Getting Out of Hand: Buy Bonds Wall Street Journal U.S. Edition U.S. Asia Europe India América Latina Brasil 中国 (China) 日本 (Japan) Edition: U.S. Asia Europe India América Latina Brasil 中国 (China) 日本 (Japan) Text Size: Small Medium Large Subscribe NowSign In WSJ Membership Benefits Download WSJ Apps Customer Center Legal Policies Subscribe Sign In TOP« WSJ Membership WSJ+ Membership Benefits Digital Subscription Print Subscription Print and Digital Subscription Why Subscribe? Download WSJ Apps for iOS and Android Corporate Subscriptions Professor Journal Student Journal Customer Service Customer Center Live Help Redesign Guided Tour Notice to Subscribers Tools & Features Emails & Alerts Guides My News RSS Feeds Topics Video Center Watchlist Podcasts Ads Advertise Advertise Locally Commercial Real Estate Ads Place a Classified Ad Sell Your Business Sell Your Home Recruitment & Career Ads More Content Partnerships Corrections Jobs at WSJ News Archive Register for Free Reprints Facebook Twitter Google+ YouTube Podcasts Snapchat GooglePlay AppStore Windows10 Dow Jones Products Barron's BigCharts DJX Dow Jones Newswires Factiva Financial News Mansion Global MarketWatch Private Markets realtor.com Risk & Compliance WSJ Conference WSJ Pro Central Banking WSJ Video WSJ Wine Privacy Policy Cookie Policy Copyright Policy Data Policy Subscriber Agreement & Terms of Use Your Ad Choices Copyright ©2016 Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All Rights Reserved.
For more local news from India, visit Bloombergquint.com Bloomberg the Company & Its ProductsBloomberg Anywhere Remote LoginBloomberg Anywhere LoginBloomberg Terminal Demo Request Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Philanthropy & Engagement Bloomberg London Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Bloomberg Tradebook Bloomberg Briefs Bloomberg Indices Bloomberg SEF Bloomberg Institute Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center Enterprise Products Enterprise Solutions Trading Solutions Bloomberg Vault Bloomberg PolarLake Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps News Bureaus Media Services Bloomberg Live Conferences Bloomberg Media Distribution Advertising Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Philanthropy & Engagement Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Bloomberg London Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps News Bureaus Media Services Advertising Bloomberg Media Distribution Bloomberg Live Conferences Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Bloomberg Tradebook Bloomberg Briefs Bloomberg Indices Bloomberg SEF Bloomberg Institute Enterprise Products Enterprise Solutions Trading Solutions Bloomberg Vault Bloomberg PolarLake Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center MENU Homepage Markets Stocks Currencies Commodities Rates + Bonds Economics Magazine Benchmark Watchlist Economic Calendar Tech U.S. Global Startups Cybersecurity Digital Media Bloomberg Technology TV Hello World Studio 1.0 Pursuits Cars & Bikes Style & Grooming Spend Watches & Gadgets Food & Drinks Travel Real Estate Art & Design Politics With All Due Respect Poll Decoder Culture Caucus Podcast Masters In Politics Podcast Ad Tracker Battlegrounds 2016 Opinion View Gadfly Businessweek Subscribe Cover Stories Opening Remarks Etc Features 85th Anniversary Issue Behind The Cover More Science + Energy Graphics Game Plan Small Business Personal Finance Inspire GO The David Rubenstein Show Sponsored Content Bloomberg About The Company Sign In Sign In Subscribe Glaxo Seeks FDA Approval for Experimental Shingles Vaccine Ketaki Gokhale KetakiGokhale October 24, 2016 — 2:12 AM EDT Updated on October 24, 2016 — 3:10 AM EDT Share on FacebookShare on Twitter Share on LinkedInShare on RedditShare on Google+E-mailShare on TwitterShare on WhatsApp Shingrix could generate sales of 638 million pounds by 2020 Merck’s Zostavax already FDA approved for adults 50 and over Share on FacebookShare on Twitter Share on LinkedInShare on RedditShare on Google+E-mailShare on TwitterShare on WhatsApp GlaxoSmithKline Plc said it sought regulatory approval in the U.S. for its experimental shingles vaccine which, if successful, could generate more than $700 million in annual sales for the British drugmaker and compete with Merck & Co.’s Zostavax The filing for Shingrix, which helps prevent herpes zoster and its complications, was submitted to the Food and Drug Administration after late-stage clinical tests in more than 37,000 people, Glaxo said in a statement on Monday. The vaccine could generate 638 million pounds ($779 million) in sales by 2020, according to the average of eight analyst estimates compiled by Bloomberg. Shingles is caused by the varicella zoster virus -- the same member of the herpes family that causes chickenpox. After an attack of chickenpox, the virus lies dormant in the body and can reappear, usually in the elderly or in people with compromised immune systems, in the form of painful shingles. A study published last month in the New England Journal of Medicine found that Glaxo’s vaccine remained effective for at least four years, unlike Merck’s Zostavax, which loses efficacy over time. Glaxo is seeking approval for the vaccine to be administered to people aged 50 years or over. Zostavax Efficacy Zostavax is approved for use in the U.S. in people aged 50 and over, based on a large study that found the vaccine reduced the risk of shingles by about 70 percent. In people over 60, the vaccine’s efficacy wanes within five years of vaccination, according to the U.S. Centers for Disease Control and Prevention. People who received the two-dose Shingrix, meanwhile, had an 88 percent lower risk of developing shingles in the fourth year after vaccination, compared with a 91 percent reduction over the entire period of the late-stage trial, according to results published in the New England Journal of Medicine on Sept. 14. Glaxo, the U.K.’s biggest drugmaker, plans to seek regulatory approval in the EU and Canada this year, and in Japan in 2017. Shingrix is administered in two doses, with a two-to six-month interval between doses. Because Shingrix is made of a protein from the surface of the varicella zoster virus, and not a live version of the virus, Glaxo is testing it in patients with blood cancers, HIV and transplant patients, to find out whether it can protect people with compromised immune systems against shingles. Generally live vaccines like Merck’s Zostavax are not used in immune-compromised patients. Before it's here, it's on the Bloomberg Terminal. LEARN MORE GlaxoSmithKline PLC Terms of Service Trademarks Privacy Policy ©2016 Bloomberg L.P. All Rights Reserved Careers Made in NYC Advertise Ad Choices Website Feedback Help
null
Sections Sections Top Stories Video Election U.S. World Entertainment Health Tech Lifestyle Money Investigative Sports Good News Weather Photos Shows Shows Good Morning America World News Tonight Nightline 20/20 This Week Live Live Live Look at the NYC Skyline From the Empire State Building to 1 WTC Live Look at the Capitol Building in Washington D.C. Live Look: Stargazer Ranch Alpaca Cam 'View Into the Blue' Underwater View From Cooper Island, British Virgin Islands Live Look at the Old Faithful Geyser in Yellowstone National Park Live Look at the Atlantic Coast in Gloucester, Mass. From Bass Rocks Ocean Inn Local Local New York City Los Angeles Chicago Philadelphia San Francisco - Oakland - San Jose Houston Durham - Raleigh - Fayetteville Fresno More abc.com espn.com fivethirtyeight.com disney.com theundefeated.com Privacy Policy Your CA Privacy Rights Children's Online Privacy Policy Interest-Based Ads Terms of Use Contact Us Yahoo!-ABC News Network | © 2016 ABC News Internet Ventures. All rights reserved. Search Menu ABC News Log In Election U.S. World Entertainment Health Tech … … Health Tech Lifestyle Money Investigative Sports Good News Topics Weather Photos More ABCNews Cities Cities New York City New York City Los Angeles Los Angeles Chicago Chicago Philadelphia Philadelphia San Francisco - Oakland - San Jose San Francisco - Oakland - San Jose Houston Houston Durham - Raleigh - Fayetteville Durham - Raleigh - Fayetteville Fresno Fresno Partner Sites Partner Sites abc.com abc.com espn.com espn.com fivethirtyeight.com fivethirtyeight.com disney.com disney.com theundefeated.com theundefeated.com Privacy PolicyPrivacy Policy Your CA Privacy RightsYour CA Privacy Rights Children's Online Privacy PolicyChildren's Online Privacy Policy Interest-Based AdsInterest-Based Ads Terms of UseTerms of Use Contact UsContact Us Yahoo!-ABC News Network | © 2016 ABC News Internet Ventures. All rights reserved. Shows Good Morning America Good Morning America World News Tonight World News Tonight Nightline Nightline 20/20 20/20 This Week This Week Live Video Jonathan Ernst/Reuters Obama: My Hope Is That Trump 'Makes Things Better' 1h ago How Trump Changed President Obama's Final Foreign Tour Top Stories My Stories Fla. Homicides Increase After 'Stand Your Ground' Georgia Dad Found Guilty in Son's Hot-Car Death Rep. Keith Ellison Announces Bid for DNC Chair FBI: Hate Crimes Against Muslims Up 67% in 2015 'Making a Murderer': Judge Orders Brendan Dassey's Release Racist Post About Michelle Obama Causes Backlash PBS Anchor Gwen Ifill Dies at 61 Police: 5 Injured in Shooting at Sweet 16 Party Arrest Made in 'Execution' of Sheriff's Deputy Statistics Professor Wins $100K Lottery Drew Angerer/Getty Images Steve Bannon: Trump’s Controversial Senior Counselor and Alt-Right Hero 2h ago GOP Lawmakers Struggle to Respond as Democrats Denounce Bannon Hire Anti-Discrimination, Muslim Groups Decry Trump's Newly Appointed Chief Strategist #DonaldTrump The Associated Press 'We're Not Going Anywhere': Millennials March Against Trump 1h ago The Next Stage: Will Anti-Trump Marches Become a Movement? Washington Bishop Calls for Unity After Pro-Trump Vandalism Getty Images Trump Tells Putin He Wants 'Strong' Relationship With Russia 1h ago How Trump Won and Almost All of Us Missed It 5 Takeaways From Donald Trump's '60 Minutes' Interview #DonaldTrump Play ABCNews.com Immigration and the Refugee Crisis: What Will Trump Do? Nov 9 Education: What Will Trump Do? Police Practices: What Will Trump Do? Politics #DonaldTrump Trump Chief of Staff Defends Steve Bannon as a 'Very, Very Smart Person' #DonaldTrump ANALYSIS: Priebus, Bannon Appointments Point Toward Split Approach to Trump Presidency #DonaldTrump Oprah Winfrey Explains Positive Donald Trump, Obama Tweet Lawyers File Motion to Delay Trump University Trial #DonaldTrump Trump Names Reince Priebus as Chief of Staff, Steve Bannon as Senior Adviser #DonaldTrump Trump's Views Appeal to Americans Looking for 'Common Sense' #Elections Van Jones, Mary Matalin Get into Heated Exchange Over Race in 2016 Election #DemocraticParty Rep. Keith Ellison to Announce 'Real Soon' if He'll Run for DNC Chair Bill Kristol: 'President Trump Has to Be Better Than Candidate Trump' #DonaldTrump Trump Country: What One County Tells Us About the Election #Elections Over 200 Reports of Hateful Harassment and Intimidation Post-Election: SPLC #DonaldTrump Kellyanne Conway: Trump Chief of Staff Announcement 'Imminent' #DonaldTrump What a Trump Cabinet Might Look Like #DonaldTrump Trump Willing to Keep Parts of Obamacare, Stays Mum on Clinton Prosecution #DonaldTrump United States Counts Down to Donald Trump's Inauguration #DonaldTrump Hispanic Community in LA Reacts to President-Elect Donald Trump More News Wildfires Costing Millions, Humans Blamed New Congress: Minorities Gain but Still Mostly White Obama, Clinton Tell Democrats Not to Despair Assange to Be Questioned at Ecuadorean Embassy Ray Tensing Mistrial: What Happens Now? Deliberations for 4th Day in Hot-Car Death Trial Judge to Sentence Men in Islamic State Case Is Trump's Tough Plan on Immigration Cracking? Syrian Refugees Regret Move to Gaza Senator Moonlights as Uber Driver #Earthquakes AFP/Getty Images Quake Leaves at Least 2 Dead, More Than 1,000 Stranded Nov 14 New Zealand Plans Rescue of Tourists Stranded by Earthquake Yagiz Karahan/Reuters Brightest Moon in Almost 69 Years Lights Up Sky Around Globe Nov 14 Behold, the 'Supermoon' in Photos Donald Trump's Road to the White House #Elections ANALYSIS: Donald Trump Shakes Nation With Challenge to Its Foundation #DonaldTrump Looking Ahead to a Donald Trump Presidency #Elections Memorable Moments From the 1st Presidential Debate #DonaldTrump Donald Trump's Key Moments #DonaldTrump Donald Trump on Election Day: From Voting to Winning #DonaldTrump How Donald Trump Won the White House #Elections Donald Trump's 2016 Election Night Victory Speech #DonaldTrump Donald Trump Sends His First Tweet as President-Elect Most Memorable Lines of the 2nd Presidential Debate #Elections Most Memorable Lines of the 3rd Presidential Debate #DonaldTrump Donald Trump In A Minute Donald Trump Makes It Official: He Is Running Play Rada TV Ukrainian Lawmakers Come to Blows During Parliamentary Meeting Nov 14 The Associated Press Prisons Fight Opioids With $1,000 Injection: Does It Work? 3h ago More News Myanmar Says 34 People Killed After They Attacked Troops Officer Suspended After Driving With Confederate Flag Explosion at Indonesian Church Injures 4 Children China's Xi Reaffirms US Relations in Talk With Trump Judge to Consider Delaying Bergdahl Trial American Apparel Files for Bankruptcy Protection, Again Remains of Missing Daughter of Piano Guys Found Violence in Northern Syria Kills 12 4 Americans Killed in Afghanistan Harry Reid Backs Rep. Keith Ellison for DNC Chair ABCNews.com Woman Arrested in New York in Death of Twin in Cliff Crash 47m ago #Disney Disney 14 Things to Know About Disney's 'Moana' Before You See It Nov 14 Ray Mickshaw/FX 2016 Critics' Choice Awards: 'People v. OJ Simpson' Leads Nominations Nov 14 The Associated Press Pesky Peacocks Pose Problems for Newton's Neighbors in Vegas Nov 13 Heidi Gutman/Bravo/NBCU Photo Bank via Getty Images Teresa Giudice Explains Why She Hates to Talk About Husband's Possible Deportation Nov 14 Kendall Jenner Disappears From Instagram Evan Agostini/AP Photo Lady Gaga on Taking Time Off Before New Album 'Joanne' 1h ago 'The Walking Dead': Negan and Rick Meet Again Trisha Yearwood Hopes New Duet Album With Garth Brooks Is First of Many #Disney ABCNews.com Backstage at Walt Disney World Holiday Services Nov 14 Play YouTube/Nav Tombros It's Hard to Look Away From This Yawning Pelican Who knew that a weary pelican made for such a dramatic sight? Up Next: Play Now This Is a 'Supermoon' Vivien Killilea/Getty Images 'Beverly Hills, 90210' Cast Pays Tribute to Shannen Doherty Nov 14 #DWTS Kelsey McNeal/ABC via Getty Images 5 Couples Compete in Tonight’s 'Dancing With the Stars' Nov 14 Pink Expecting 2nd Child Vivien Killilea/Getty Images Adrienne Bailon Marries Singer Israel Houghton Nov 12 In Case You Missed It #Disney Backstage at Walt Disney World Holiday Services Singing Cashier Gets Surprise Message From Maxwell Inviting Him on Stage Dog Owners Join Walnut the Dog in Final Walk on the Beach 'Mrs. Doubtfire' House Sold for $4.15 Million Meet the Woman on the Verge of Visiting Every Nation in the World #VeteransDay Navy Family Celebrates Veterans Day Weekend With Inspiring Photo Twins' Daylight Saving Time Birth Results in Bizarre Age Twist #VeteransDay Army Helicopter Becomes Art But Also Heals Veterans Kids Fighting Cancer Walk in Fashion Show Modeling Their Dream Professions #BlackLivesMatter 'Mannequin Challenge' Video Focused on Police Brutality Goes Viral Dancing Lady in Ugly Sweater at a Warriors Game Has Serious Moves Bald Eagle Rescued From Florida Storm Drain #Disney Disney 'Beauty and the Beast' Trailer Premieres Nov 14 Lego Has 'No Plans' for More Promo Deals With Daily Mail After Complaint #Marvel Getty Images The 'Doctor Strange' Spell Holds the Box Office With a $43 Million Weekend Nov 14 Goldie Hawn Speaks Her Mind at a Conference Joey McIntyre Takes His Kids to an Art Event Steve Mack/Getty Images Kelly Ripa Shares a Selfie With Her Family 3h ago Oddities and Unusual Images From Around the World Chrissy Teigen Shares a Laugh With Fergie Back To Top Sections U.S. World Politics Weird News Investigative Health Entertainment Sports Money Technology Travel Recipes News Topics Live Blog Shows Good Morning America World News Tonight with David Muir Nightline World News Now & America This Morning This Week with George Stephanopoulos 20/20 Primetime What Would You Do? ABC.com Tools iPad App Facebook Twitter Google Plus YouTube Press Releases RSS Headlines Site Map About Contact Us Feedback Advertising Terms of Use Privacy Policy Your California Privacy Rights Children's Online Privacy Policy Interest-Based Ads ABC News Store Authors List Go.com Terms of Use Privacy Policy Interest-Based Ads Feedback External links are provided for reference purposes. ABC News is not responsible for the content of external Internet sites. Copyright © 2016 ABC News Internet Ventures. Yahoo! - ABC News Network
    Sign In Account Sign Out Subscribe News Innovation Leadership Best Managed Companies MBA Guide Kickstart.am Search for: Search for: Sign In Subscribe News Innovation Leadership Best Managed Companies MBA Guide Kickstart.am Home News Innovation Leadership Best Managed Companies MBA Guide PROFITguide.com Kickstart.am Subscribe Follow Us Twitter Facebook Google+ Share LinkedIn Home News Business Highlights Business Highlights Oct 25, 2016 The Associated Press   0 ___ Anger still flares after judge OKs Volkswagen emissions deal SAN FRANCISCO (AP) — A federal judge approved the largest auto-scandal settlement in U.S. history Tuesday, giving nearly half a million Volkswagen owners the choice between selling their cars back or having them repaired so they don’t cheat on emissions tests and spew excess pollution. U.S. District Judge Charles Breyer said the nearly $15 billion deal “adequately and fairly” compensates consumers and gets the polluting vehicles off the road as soon as possible. The German automaker acknowledged last year that about 475,000 Volkswagens and Audis with 2-litre, four-cylinder diesel engines were programmed to cheat on emissions tests. ___ Despite warnings, extremely dangerous air bags not repaired DETROIT (AP) — Despite thousands of mailed notices and warnings of grave danger, Honda is still having trouble finding and notifying about 300,000 people with potentially deadly air bag inflators in their cars. About 69 million Takata inflators have been recalled due to possible rupture. And in June, government regulators said testing showed that inflators in 313,000 older Hondas and Acuras had as high as a 50 per cent chance of rupturing in a crash. They told owners to stop driving them and get repairs. But four months later, only 13,000 of the cars have done so, highlighting major holes remain in the recall system. ___ New Wells Fargo CEO to employees: ‘We’re sorry’ NEW YORK (AP) — Newly appointed Wells Fargo CEO Tim Sloan has told employees that he is “sorry for the pain” that the bank’s employees have felt as a result of the company’s sales practices scandal. Sloan’s company-wide speech given Tuesday is the latest effort by Wells Fargo’s executives to atone for the fact that the bank’s employees, pushed by impossible sales goals, opened as many as 2 million bank and credit card accounts without customers’ authorization. In the speech, Sloan acknowledged that the bank did not respond to the problems in its branches soon enough and that upper management dodged responsibility for the bad behaviour and wrongly placed blamed on its branch employees. ___ Consumer stocks fall as Whirlpool, GM and others skid NEW YORK (AP) — Shaky results from consumer companies dragged the U.S. stock market lower on Tuesday as well-known names like appliance maker Whirlpool and athletic apparel maker Under Armour suffered their worst losses in years. Third-quarter earnings continued to dominate the market and some of the biggest companies either reported disappointing results or lowered their expectations. Investors wondered if consumers will spend less money on home improvement, clothing and other goods. But companies including Procter & Gamble and Lockheed Martin soared after their reports. Looking for safer options, some investors bought bonds and utility company shares. ___ US home prices rose in August, lifted by dwindling supply WASHINGTON (AP) — U.S. home prices climbed at a solid pace in August as more home buyers competed for fewer available properties. The Standard & Poor’s CoreLogic Case-Shiller 20-city home price index rose 5.1 per cent in August, after a 5 per cent gain in July. Portland, Seattle and Denver reported the strongest year-over-year increases for the seventh month in a row. Steady hiring, low mortgage rates and some early signs of rising pay have encouraged more Americans to buy homes. Yet the number of homes for sale has fallen nearly 7 per cent from a year ago. ___ Consumer confidence retreated slightly in October WASHINGTON (AP) — American consumers felt less confident this month, but the small retreat came after confidence had risen to a 20-month high in September. Consumer confidence slipped to 98.6 this month after rising to 103.5 in September, the Conference Board reported Tuesday. The September reading was the highest since confidence stood at 103.8 in January 2015. The September confidence number was revised down from an initial estimate of 104.1, which had been the highest in nine years. The lower October reading reflected a drop in consumers’ assessment of current business conditions and employment prospects. ___ Caterpillar stung by global economic funk PEORIA, Ill. (AP) — Caterpillar’s third-quarter profit was essentially cut in half with the global economy stuck in a funk, and the company said that it expects that malaise to extend into next year. The construction and mining equipment maker lowered its outlook for the year. Falling commodity prices on the farm, in the mines, and in the oil patch have forced a deep reduction in equipment spending. The earnings report Tuesday was the first since Caterpillar announced that longtime CEO Doug Oberhelman was stepping down. ___ Merck breezes past 3Q profit expectations, raises forecast Higher sales of vaccines and prescription medicines, coupled with restrained spending, helped Merck & Co. post a 20 per cent jump in third-quarter profit, trouncing Wall Street expectations. The company raised and narrowed its 2016 financial forecasts, but noted some headwinds, including the start of U.S. generic competition to three drugs by year’s end. ___ Procter & Gamble’s 1Q performance tops Street’s view CINCINNATI (AP) — Procter & Gamble Co.’s fiscal first-quarter results beat Wall Street’s expectations as it controlled expenses and saw solid sales growth in its health care segment. P&G has been working on transforming its business to better focus on bigger brands with growth potential. The company has already shed some of the smaller brands it says collectively contribute little to its operating profit. ___ Under Armour takes a breather BALTIMORE (AP) — Under Armour had one of the worst trading days in its history as investors sensed that the hard-charging athletic company may be hitting the wall. The company reported Tuesday that quarterly revenue growth was the slowest in six years and it trimmed growth projections. Chief Financial Officer Chip Molloy said that while Under Armour continues to believe that it will significantly outpace rivals, “the growth rate going forward will be less than” what was anticipated last year. ___ GM reports record 3Q earnings despite slowing US sales DETROIT (AP) — General Motors doesn’t seem too worried about slowing U.S. auto sales or economic troubles in Europe. If third-quarter numbers are any indication, the company has numbers to back that up. The Detroit automaker reported a record profit on Tuesday that doubled results in the third quarter a year ago. And the automaker put a little more swagger behind its full-year guidance, predicting pretax earnings at the high end of previous forecasts of $5.50 to $6 per share. GM earned $2.77 billion, or $1.76 per share, compared with $1.36 billion, or 84 cents per share a year ago. Revenue hit a record $42.8 billion. ___ Chipotles sales fall again as it tries to win back customers NEW YORK (AP) — Chipotle says its sales fell for the fifth straight quarter, as the company struggles to win back customers after an E. coli scare last year. The burrito chain says sales fell 21.9 per cent at established restaurants during the quarter ending Sept. 30. That’s worse than the 18.3 per cent drop Wall Street analysts expected, according to FactSet. The company has given out millions of free burritos and launched a three-month loyalty program in June to try to bring customers back. In September, it offered even more freebies: Kids could eat free on Sundays and students could grab free sodas or iced tea with their meals. ___ The Dow Jones industrial average sank 53.76 points, or 0.3 per cent, to 18,169.27. The Standard & Poor’s 500 index gave up 8.17 points, or 0.4 per cent, to 2,143.16. The Nasdaq composite slid 26.43 points, or 0.5 per cent, to 5,283.40. Benchmark U.S. crude lost 56 cents, or 1.1 per cent, to $49.96 per barrel in New York. Brent crude, the international standard, fell 67 cents, or 1.3 per cent, to $50.79 a barrel in London. In other energy trading, wholesale gasoline stayed at $1.50 a gallon. Heating oil lost 2 cent to $1.56 a gallon. Natural gas sank 6 cent, or 2 per cent, to $2.77 per 1,000 cubic feet. shares Share: Twitter Facebook LinkedIn Google+ Share Email Advertisement Advertisement    Leave a comment Hide comments Leave a comment Cancel reply Sign in to comment. You're logged in as . Logout. Loading profile... Unexpected error. Please try again. Notice: Your email may not yet have been verified. Please check your email, click the link to verify your address, and then submit your comment. If you can't find this email, access your profile editor to re-send the confirmation email. You must have a verified email to submit a comment. Once you have done so, check again. Your comment Name * Email * Top Follow us Twitter Facebook Google+ Share LinkedIn Resources About Us Contact Us Advertising In-class program Create a new password We've sent an email with instructions to create a new password. Your existing password has not been changed. Close Create a new password We'll send you a link to create a new password. {* #forgotPasswordForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* backButton *} {* forgotPassword_sendButton *} {* /forgotPasswordForm *} {* mergeAccounts *} My profile {* profilePhotoCustom *} {* public_profileBlurb *} Display Name: {* public_displayName *} {* public_name *} {* public_gender *} {* public_birthdate *} {* public_emailAddress *} {* public_address *} {* public_phoneNumber *} Close Thank you for signing up! We have sent a confirmation email to {* emailAddressData *}. Please check your email and click on the link to activate your account. Close Sign In Welcome back, {* welcomeName *}! {* loginWidget *} Or Use another account Sign In Welcome back, ! {* #userInformationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* traditionalSignIn_password *} Forgot your password? {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} {* /userInformationForm *} Or Use another account Sign In / Sign Up With your existing account from {* loginWidget *} Or With an email account {* #userInformationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* traditionalSignIn_password *} Forgot your password? {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} {* traditionalSignIn_createButton *} {* /userInformationForm *} Almost Done! Please confirm the information below before signing up. {* #socialRegistrationForm *} {* socialRegistration_firstName *} {* socialRegistration_lastName *} {* socialRegistration_emailAddress *} {* socialRegistration_displayName *} By clicking "Create Account", I confirm that I have read and understood each of the website terms of service and privacy policy and that I agree to be bound by them. {* backButton *} {* /socialRegistrationForm *} Sign in to complete account merge {* #tradAuthenticateMergeForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* mergePassword *} {* backButton *} {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} {* /tradAuthenticateMergeForm *} Almost Done! Please confirm the information below before signing up. {* #registrationForm *} {* traditionalRegistration_firstName *} {* traditionalRegistration_lastName *} {* traditionalRegistration_emailAddress *} {* traditionalRegistration_displayName *} {* traditionalRegistration_password *} {* traditionalRegistration_passwordConfirm *} Subscribe to Canadian Business - Your Source For Business News newsletters Market Wrap The day's key business, market and company news, with analysis and opinion from Canadian Business Online's writers. Delivered each business day. Delivered each business day.† From our partners I would like Canadian Business to send me alerts, event notifications and special deals or information from our carefully screened partners that may be of interest to me.† By clicking "Create Account", I confirm that I have read and understood each of the website terms of service and privacy policy and that I agree to be bound by them. {* backButton *} {* createAccountButton *} {* /registrationForm *} Your Verification Email Has Been Sent Check your email for a link to reset your password. Sign in Create a new password We've sent an email with instructions to create a new password. Your existing password has not been changed. Close Create a new password We didn't recognize that password reset code. Enter your email address to get a new one. {* #resetPasswordForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* forgotPassword_sendButton *} {* /resetPasswordForm *} Your password has been changed Password has been successfully updated. OK Change password {* newPasswordForm *} {* newpassword *} {* newpasswordConfirm *} {* submitButton *} {* /newPasswordForm *} You did it! Thank you for verifying your email address. OK Resend Email Verification Sorry we could not verify that email address. Enter your email below and we'll send you another email. {* #resendVerificationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* submitButton *} {* /resendVerificationForm *} © 1999-2016 Rogers Media. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy Ad Choices Terms of Service
null
Home News Weather Entertainment Sports Money More > Lifestyle Health & Fitness Food & Drink Travel Autos Video election 2016 money You are using an older browser version. Please use a supported version for the best MSN experience. Stocks close lower on mixed earnings results USA TODAY 10/25/2016 Adam Shell Click to expand Replay Video Bond market reels over $1 trillion loss from 'Trump thump' Donald Trump's shocking victory for the White House may end the more than 30-year-old bull run in bonds. According to Reuters, that's because bets on faster U.S. growth and inflation are leading investors to favor stocks over bonds. A two-day thumping wiped out more than $1 trillion across global bond markets worldwide, on bets that plans under a Trump administration would boost business investments and spending while firing up inflation. It was the worst rout in nearly 1-1/2 years. Wochit Business American Apparel files for second bankruptcy in just over a year American Apparel LLC filed for its second bankruptcy protection in just over a year, weighed down by intense competitive pressures facing U.S. teen retailers. Bobbi Rebell reports. Reuters Could the Trump presidency roll back marijuana legalization? Marijuana may have been Election 2016's biggest winner, but could the Trump Presidency spell the end of its legalization? Cannabis industry expert Debra Borchardt explains. Forbes PlayPause Seek i VolumeVolume VolumeMuteUnmute CC SETTINGS OFF HQ HD HQ SD LOFull ScreenExit Full Screen PlayPause VolumeVolume Closing Bell Exchange: Apple to lead directionality CNBC See more videos SHARE SHARE TWEET SHARE EMAIL What to watch next Bond market reels over $1 trillion loss from 'Trump thump' Wochit Business0:59 American Apparel files for second bankruptcy in just over a year Reuters0:48 Could the Trump presidency roll back marijuana legalization? Forbes1:10 America's complicated, critical trade relations with China CNN Money1:56 Australia's pearl industry struggles to shine The Wall Street Journal.5:05 'Godfather' Beverly Hills mansion listed for $175 million CNBC0:40 Kenneth Cole is reportedly closing nearly all of its stores Veuer0:49 Why President Trump might be bad for gun sales CNN Money1:11 Zuckerberg says it's 'crazy' to blame Facebook for election results Newsy1:16 Trump's infrastructure investment plan evokes Ayn Rand The Wall Street Journal.3:38 Newsweek prematurely ships out Madam President magazine cover Inside Edition0:37 The net worth of American presidents 24/7 Wall St.0:54 Buffett after Trump win: '100%' optimistic about America CNN Money20:55 New Balance sparks social media backlash The Wall Street Journal.1:38 5 ways to win Black Friday Credit.com1:22 Alibaba Singles Day sales break $5 billion in an hour Reuters0:59 UP NEXT U.S. stocks fell Tuesday as investors digest an avalanche of corporate earnings that were mixed, with blue chip consumer-products maker Procter & Gamble faring well but others like heavy equipment maker Caterpillar disappointing Wall Street. The Dow Jones industrial average fell 54 points, or 0.3%, to close at 18,169. The Standard & Poor's 500 stock index fell 0.4% to 2143 and the Nasdaq composite was 0.5% lower to 5283. Quotes in the article Procter & Gamble Co PG ▼ 83.00 -0.58 -0.69% Caterpillar Inc CAT ▲ 94.17 +1.16 +1.25% United Technologies Corp UTX ▼ 107.86 -1.00 -0.92% Merck KGaA MKGAF ▼ 102.25 -0.22 -0.21% Wall Street got a large slate of earnings reports from Dow components, including well-received reports from P&G (PG), which reported organic growth of 3%, as well as United Technologies (UTX), and drug maker Merck (MRK), which topped forecast with the help of strong sales of its cancer drug Keytruda. But the good news was offset by weaker-than-expected results from companies like 3M (MMM) and Caterpillar (CAT), which cut its earnings view for the remainder of 2016, citing sluggish sales of its heavy equipment. P&G shares rose 3.4%. Merck's stock rose 2%. And United Technologies shares jumped 1.9%. Caterpillar fell 1.8% and 3M fell 3%. Shares of Dow component and chemical giant DuPont (DD) fell 0.7% despite topping profit and sales forecast and boosting its full-year 2016 earnings outlook. 3M shares fell 3% and Caterpillar's stock was unchanged. Caterpillar's outgoing CEO Doug Oberhelman, who is retiring later this year, painted a gloomy picture of the global economy, noting that "economic weakness throughout much of the world persists," in a press release containing the company's earnings results. With the presidential election now two weeks away, investors are also bracing for the homestretch of the campaign and gearing up for any potential surprises. Stocks have held up nicely in recent sessions as the third-quarter earnings season has gotten off to a better-than-expected start. Earnings growth for the July-thru-September quarter is above 1% currently, which has raised hopes that the quarterly streak of contracting earnings growth will end at four. In economic news, consumer confidence fell more than expected in October, according to the Conference Board. But data on the U.S. housing market remained solid. The S&P CoreLogic Case-Shiller U.S. home price index rose 0.2% in August and another index that tracks purchase prices saw an uptick of 0.7% in August, according to FHFA. iPhone maker Apple reported its quarterly profit results after today's closing bell. Go to MSN Home More in Money Amazing Airstreams: The coolest tiny homes on wheels Lovemoney 8 ways President Trump will affect Wall Street U.S. News & World Report - Money 6 reasons to think twice before moving to Canada MarketWatch The 10 most expensive prescription drugs in America Fiscal Times How China's richest man is buying up the world Lovemoney 7 things you should never do online USA TODAY Up Next 20 tips for saving money at the grocery store U.S. News & World Report - Money AdChoices AdChoices AdChoices More From USA TODAY Time to rethink Bob Bradley's USMNT legacy USA TODAY Seager voted unanimous NL rookie of the year USA TODAY Barbie unveils Ashley Graham doll USA TODAY Coyotes' new arena could be big win for fans USA TODAY USA TODAY View the full site Home News Weather Entertainment Sports Money Lifestyle Health & Fitness Food & Drink Travel Autos Video election 2016 © 2016 Microsoft Privacy Legal About our Ads Feedback Help MSN Worldwide Newsletter
  Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Wires Home My Profile Logout Login Feedback DailyMail NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad Under Armour, Sherwin-Williams slump; Procter & Gamble jumps By Associated Press Published: 16:32 EST, 25 October 2016 | Updated: 16:32 EST, 25 October 2016 e-mail NEW YORK (AP) — Stocks that moved substantially or traded heavily Tuesday: Under Armour Inc., down $5.01 to $32.89 The athletic apparel maker posted solid results, but investors worried that its growth is slowing down. Sherwin-Williams Co., down $30.27 to $247.61 The paint and coatings maker cut its guidance after it reported a smaller-than-expected profit. Merck & Co., up $1.20 to $61.95 The drugmaker raised its forecasts after strong sales of vaccines and cancer medicines bolstered its quarterly profit. Procter & Gamble Co., up $2.87 to $86.97 The consumer products maker behind Tide detergent and Charmin toilet paper reported better results than investors expected. United Technologies Corp., up $1.84 to $101.36 The elevator and jet engine maker raised its forecast after its results pleased investors. 3M Co., down $5.04 to $166.23 The maker of Post-it notes, industrial coatings and ceramics cut its forecast for sales growth. Waters Corp., down $19.15 to $138.60 The maker of products used in drug development announced weak revenue as demand from governments, research institutions and industries fell. Whirlpool Corp., down $18.37 to $152.09 The appliance maker's results came up far short of analyst estimates. Share or comment on this article e-mail Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article. Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail     DON'T MISS 'She's modified her face beyond all recognition!' Carol Vorderman, 55, stuns viewers after exhibiting 'frozen' complexion on I'm A Celeb It's getting hot in here! Ola Jordan shows off her dancer's body in tiny red bikini as she hits the jungle shower with Sam Quek and Scarlett Moffatt on I'm a Celeb Carol Vorderman, 55, strips down to a VERY racy swimsuit on I'm A Celeb...as 'happily single' star tells campmates 'I do alright' when it comes to men She looks to be doing just fine! Kim Kardashian's friend shares rare photo of reality star recluse as she dresses up in belly dancer costume for fun Ashley James puts on a eye-popping display in an itsy-bitsy bikini as she soaks up the sun on the beach in Ibiza Making the most of the sun 'It's me or the wardrobe!' Frankie Gaff gives Jamie Laing an ultimatum. He found living with her and her 'floordrobe' too much to bear on Made In Chelsea, by Jim Shelley  Cor (rie) blimey! Helen Flanagan showcases her incredible figure in a racy cut-out bikini as she holidays in Dubai with boyfriend Scott Sinclair Chloe Ferry reportedly FIRED from Geordie Shore after 'kicking new housemate Zahida Allen in the head'  The 21-year-old was shown the door Now that's a lesson in style! Myleene Klass exposes her cleavage in plunging jumpsuit as she leads the red carpet glamour at School of Rock press night She's proud of that booty! Khloe Kardashian flaunts her derriere as she does squats at the gym Taking after her bigger sister (in both senses) Real men wear pink! Brooklyn Beckham follows in his mother Victoria's fashionable footsteps as he makes a statement with pink beanie hat Frankie Bridge is the picture of elegance in plunging patterned gown at Virgin awards... after her husband Wayne makes I'm A Celebrity debut PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Tom Hiddleston steps out with a pretty blonde Taylor Swift lookalike... two months after split with pop star Flashed a beaming grin She needs a nap! Pregnant Marion Cotillard looks weary during LA dinner after tirelessly promoting Brad Pitt WWII film Allied Struggling Holly Willoughby is close to tears on This Morning as a distraught mother breaks down over her son's planned suicide during bullying phone-in The Eighties called! Sheridan Smith is unrecognisable as a busty brunette on set of the movie adaptation of comic Jo Brand's book As schizophrenic mum Newly-engaged Pixie Lott can barely contain her glee as she heads to jewellers hours after fiancé Oliver Cheshire popped the question What a gem!  Emma Watson stars as Belle in the first trailer for Disney's long-awaited live action remake of Beauty And The Beast Looks stunning Choosing her prince wasn't ALWAYS such an easy choice! Meghan Markle giggles as she is asked to pick either William or Harry months before romance She's a good sport! Gigi Hadid tries her hand at table tennis as she makes a sweeping entrance at VIP dinner in stylish satin jumpsuit In high spirits 'Worst thing I've ever done': I'm A Celeb's Scarlett, Jordan, Ola and Sam do Bushtucker Trial featuring 120,000 critters... as Moffatt is voted in first From refurbished iPads to a good-as-new Sony PS4: Ways to save money on your children's gifts this Christmas (without any fewer smiles!) SPONSORED Make-up free Coleen Rooney flaunts her trim figure in semi-sheer mesh workout gear as she hits the gym Making the most of her free time Demure Dita! Burlesque extraordinaire Von Teese steps out in modest black polo neck and ornate silver skirt for evening in London Jessica Simpson's father Joe, 58, confirms he has prostate cancer and has already undergone surgery 'He's feeling great now and is optimistic' 'It's like we get a little bit of dad back': Bindi Irwin says she remembers her dad the best every time she puts on her Australia Zoo uniform Not very ladylike! Lady Victoria Hervey, 40, displays more than expected as she flashes perky assets when risqué swimsuit unfastens Dapper Brad Pitt takes selfies with adoring fans at Allied screening in China... as he returns to the public eye after split with Angelina Jolie In better spirits again 'She works really hard': X Factor's Sam Lavery defends Honey G after elimination... as rapper faces backlash for surviving ANOTHER week 'He's such a good man': Marion Cotillard gushes about Allied co-star Brad Pitt... after shooting down rumours of an on set romance Caught up in split Naomi Campbell speaks for the first time about what it means to be black and British and joins other famous stars who were told to limit their ambitions due to their skin colour Take that! Bella Hadid throws a punch as she works out in boxing class after split from The Weeknd Was snug in her black, oversize fuzzy jacket  Girl time! Bella Thorne and Demi Lovato don skinny jeans as they catch up over lunch at the trendy Urth Caffe They both have new romances 'I had a bit of a nervous breakdown' Ryan Reynolds admits secret battle with anxiety as he's named GQ's Man of the Year He's filming Deadpool Coy Khloe Kardashian attempts to go incognito in huge hoodie as she steps out in wake of Tristan Thompson split rumours  Looked glum 'I gave up my career for a really long time': Ayda Field admits she TURNED DOWN a major US TV show to be with husband Robbie Williams 'It was very romantic': Goldie Hawn gets VERY candid about her and Kurt Russell's sex life and discusses split with ex husband Bill Hudson In Aspen, Colorado,  'Fame is the best drug': Lady Gaga opens up about her addiction to stardom as she covers Harper's Bazaar She penned an open essay to the magazine Twice the star power! Madonna puckers up as she and Zac Efron take selfies together at UFC's Connor McGregor star-studded fight Lucky Star 20 years and counting! Ant and Dec sign new three-year deal with ITV marking a landmark anniversary with the channel and promising more I'm A Celeb and BGT until at least 2019 'It's really awkward': Girl On The Train star Haley Bennett on being constantly mistaken for Jennifer Lawrence There is an uncanny likeness 'I lost Jack': Natalie Portman is a heartbroken First Lady after JFK's assassination in emotionally charged trailer for Jackie Natalie Portman flatters her pregnant figure in a striped T-shirt as she runs errands A regular errand-running day, despite the relsease of a mega-bucks trailer Waiting on mom! Jennifer Garner grabs breakfast while Ben Affleck and son Samuel goof around in their car The amicable exes appeared to be relaxed  'I could write a book on back problems!': Duncan James confirms he is fit and well after sudden visit to A&E... five months after emergency surgery on his spine Post election blues: Alec Baldwin looks depressed as he strolls with family before accusing NBC of not allowing SNL to endorse Hillary Clinton Back to her Mean Girls roots! Lindsay Lohan shows off new red locks reminiscent of her infamous movie character in cosy Instagram selfie Showdown! Exes Justin Bieber and Selena Gomez will compete for Artist Of The Year at the American Music Awards On November 20 It's only three weeks old! Amber Rose can't hide her horror as her brand new $371k Rolls-Royce gets rear-ended 'It's awesome!' Hailee Steinfeld opens up about being part of Taylor Swift's squad as she flashes her bra for magazine cover Gave glimpse of her bra 'I felt isolated': Robbie Williams describes the roller coaster ride with drugs, drink and depression that almost killed him... as he gets tearful over his daughter Hat's the way to do it! TOWIE's George Harrison flaunts her enviably svelte figure in a sizzling cut-out monokini as she enjoys a beach break in Spain 'Let's keep fighting to make it a better world for our children': Katie Holmes shares rare photo of daughter Suri with powerful message A productive playdate 'Sort your jaw out!' Vicky Pattison is slammed for 'gurning' on I'm A Celeb Extra Camp... as she mistakes show for Xtra Factor in awkward blunder 'I'm heartbroken, but proud of myself': Daisy Lowe flashes her toned abs in a crop top as she puts on a brave face after Strictly elimination  Put on a brave face 'She's built like a woman': Tommy Hilfiger praises 'smart, funny and humble' Gigi Hadid as he shows off his luxury New York apartment  'The 80s are back!' Luke Hemsworth channels He-Man for retro birthday bash with brother Liam and Miley Cyrus Time is rolling back 'They eat and stargaze': Sean Penn gripes about celebs who attend his foundation's annual gala... but don't donate a cent Looking rugged Ariel Winter posts a VERY cheeky Instagram snap from her Mexican holiday with Levi Meaden and pals Certainly making a splash 'We had good gossip': Courtney Love reveals unlikely friendship with Hillary Clinton... after meeting as they got their hair cut at same salon They met in 1988 'Being right sucks': The Simpsons poke fun at themselves in opening credits of first episode since Trump's election after predicting his presidency 16 years ago Young And The Restless star Corey Sligh, 28, arrested for molesting a girl under the age of 10 in Georgia The arrest took place on October 14 in Georgia Pretty as a petal! Jaime King looks ultra feminine in romantic lace gown at intimate fashion dinner She was certainly the belle of the ball EXCLUSIVE: How Andy Cohen refused an invitation into Cher's bedroom and fuelleda feud between Mariah Carey and Jennifer Lopez Catherine Tyldesley flaunts her toned legs in skintight jeans as she presents radio show... after teasing Corrie's 'heartbreaking' Christmas storyline 'Why are you in, miss? You're a millionaire!' GBBO champ Candice Brown reveals pupils were shocked to see her return to her job as a PE teacher after win Off-duty beauty: Lottie Moss goes make-up free and rocks a casual outfit as she jets out of Barcelona after a girls' weekend  Bare faced chic She's a peach! Adriana Lima flaunts her lean bronzed limbs in pretty floral mini dress as she shops in Miami  Turned sidewalk into her catwalk Nick Knowles moves into estranged wife Jessica's home following 'traumatic' split 11 months ago... after admitting they 'are working through things' 'I've NEVER eaten a takeaway': Mary Berry shares her biggest foodie secrets (and reveals what husband Paul will be getting her for Christmas this year) Secrets of an A-list body: We reveal how YOU can get Mark Wahlberg's pecs The 45-year-old actor is renowned for his toned pecs LeAnn Rimes holds hands with husband Eddie Cibrian as they reunite with his ex-wife Brandi Glanville at son's soccer match Families united Ola Jordan keeps her lace dress ON as she sets up camp in I'm A Celeb... as jealous husband James warns about hitting on his 'firecracker' 'He has never taken responsibility for her': I'm A Celebrity's Larry Lamb 'has a secret daughter who he had at 21... and hasn't seen for 46 years'  'She just didn't even try': Former I'm A Celeb winner Charlie Brooks calls out Helen Flanagan for being 'the worst' campmate at bushtucker trials 'I don't know if it was dancing or a seizure': Cheeky Robbie Williams gives mother-in-law Gwen harsh critique as she dances to Pray on Loose Women Jesy Nelson is seen without her engagement ring AGAIN during Sydney trip... as speculation heightens over 'split' from fiancé Jake Roche PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Hilary Duff shows off her fit figure in a skimpy bikini while on holiday with boyfriend Jason Walsh in Puerto Vallarta  Feeling the heat 'There's so much I wish I could thank him for, just one last time': Leonard Cohen's son writes emotional tribute to his father following his death aged 82 Did Kendall Jenner quit Instagram? Model's account no longer available after ballerina outrage Following Kim's lead and taking a break? Jailed Apollo Nida set to return to Real Housewives Of Atlanta with his new FIANCEE (but what will Phaedra Parks say?) Serving eight years Millie Mackintosh shows off her abs in a berry bikini as she models for boyfriend Hugo Taylor's sunglasses line in Mauritius Wish you were here? Final plans for Leonardo DiCaprio's ultra-luxury private eco resort on 104-acre island off Belize are released  Bought in 2005 'It's been challenging, but like Alan Partridge, I'm bouncing back': Tony Blackburn opens up about returning to BBC radio months after being sacked  'She should be ashamed of herself!' Sharon Osbourne is slammed on Twitter as X Factor fans accuse her of changing her mind at the last minute In need of a drink? Simon Cowell clutches a bottle of beer as he leaves The X Factor with Lauren Silverman after Honey G survives ANOTHER week Getting the after-party started! Dita Von Teese, Dominic Cooper and Ophelia Lovibond let loose at the Evening Standard Theatre Awards Madonna's age gap... between her face and hand: Wrinkled mitts give away the singer's age as she attends UFC bout in New York  Unable to disguise age Chic Julia Roberts is every inch the stylish soccer mom in low-key skinny jeans and a hat as she cheers on her kids Low-key superstar 'You could bleed to death': Kris Jenner warns Kim Kardashian about seeking third natural pregnancy on KUWTK Hard to take in Chrissy Teigen oozes retro glamour in a super-plunging Seventies-style jumpsuit as Fergie goes for a sheer mini at intimate fashion dinner Lindsay Lohan at the centre of a battery case as 'two Russians assault a man accused of spreading rumours about her' More drama The People v OJ Simpson leads the way with six Critics' Choice Awards nominations... as Game Of Thrones gets five Booty-ful day at the beach! Larsa Pippen shows off her fit figure in plunging white swimsuit while sunbathing in Miami Kim K's BFF A head for heights! Carol Vorderman leads the way as she conquers terrifying 300ft walk above city in I'm A Celebrity's first Bushtucker Trial   Ultimate flashing champion! Newly-single Bella Hadid shows off her bra in sheer top as she goes hell for leather on way to Conor McGregor fight EXCLUSIVE: 'I didn't want to leave the house': Frankie Essex says fitness helped her combat depression... as she reveals remarkable weight loss in a bikini 'Who is voting for her?' Honey G faces fresh backlash as talented act Sam Lavery leaves and farcical X Factor rapper isn't even in bottom two Could she win? Wild thing! Busty Ashley James sets pulses racing in a barely-there leopard print bikini as she jets off to Malta Series of sizzling snaps Daisy Lowe misses out on Blackpool as she is voted off Strictly after a  dance off against Greg Rutherford... but Ed Balls sails through again in  Gangnam Style Khloe Kardashian posts cryptic Instagram message amid speculation she's split with new beau Tristan Thompson Over already? 'We never asked to be role models': Perrie Edwards says she feels 'pressure' to act responsibly as she joins Little Mix co-stars for sizzling photo shoot I'm a Celebrity... it's getting hot in here! Joel Dommett, Wayne Bridge and Adam Thomas flash their ripped chests in the first jungle shower of the season 'Larry Lamb for Bond!': Twitter left in hysterics as EastEnders star dives into swamp to save Scarlett Moffatt from canoe disaster on I'm A Celebrity PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Hilary buff! Ms Duff puts her sculpted physique on display in a studded bikini during Mexican holiday Let the sunshine! Biggest surprise ever': Pixie Lott reveals she's engaged to long-term love Oliver Cheshire as she shows off dazzling diamond ring on Instagram  Cruel... No not nature's predators - Sir David Attenborough. He used  'rape' of Snow Leopards to make viewers suffer in Planet Earth II, writes JIM SHELLEY  'If your ex has been an a***hole, it's nice to belittle them': Little Mix stars get candid about faking orgasms and shaming former boyfriends in song 'I thought my life would be normal': Hollywood megastar Goldie Hawn says she only ever wanted to get married, have children and run a dance school  Lily Donaldson shows off her cleavage and legs in a daring dress with thigh-high slit at star-studded Evening Standard Theatre Awards Elizabeth Hurley wows in a plunging black dress as she's joined by her very dapper son Damian, 14, for a night at the Evening Standard Theatre Awards  Still part of the family! Billie Piper wows in glam gown as she jokes with ex Laurence Fox's cousin Freddie at the Evening Standard Theatre Awards Margo Stilley flashes her lace bra and hot pants in raunchy sheer dress as she makes rare red carpet appearance at Evening Standard Awards Now James Corden turns his talents to Christmas ads! Sainsbury's enters the fray with an animated commercial featuring singing from the star In a Potter bother! Fantastic Beasts star Eddie Redmayne reveals he got grilled over wand after trying to smuggle it through customs Pucker up! Jesse Metcalfe and fiancee Cara Santana pack on the PDA at their engagement party They got engaged in August after eight years 'Thank you all so much': The X Factor's Sam Lavery shows little emotion as she is latest contestant to be voted off... after tense singing battle with Ryan Lawrie SPOILER ALERT: 'She's not mine!': Rick Grimes makes explosive revelation about 'daughter' on The Walking Dead More trouble ahead Shameless actor Jody Latham is accused of 'terrorising' a former Apprentice star in feud over his ex-fiancee  Appeared at Manchester Magistrates' Court PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Kourtney Kardashian flaunts fabulous figure in skimpy bikini on romantic getaway in Mexico with on/off beau Scott Disick Alexander McQueen's London penthouse hits the market for £8.5 million (complete with bespoke chandeliers, a dining terrace and walk-in dressing rooms)  Lea Michele shimmers in strapless dress as Kristen Bell goes sheer daring in lacy top for Christmas event in LA Black was back at glitzy event 'Wolf with rabies': Teresa Giudice continues taunting Jacqueline Laurita as fiery RHONJ reunion concludes On/off friendship  Happiest place! Singer Ashlee Simpson and hubby Evan Ross enjoy family bonding day with kids at Disneyland Happy every after  Lily James is spring chic in yellow dress and denim jacket as she is seen for first time on set of Baby Driver Filming the crime comedy in Atlanta A man cave for her Tyga? Kylie Jenner stocks a special room with Playboy magazine for 'the boys' at her Hidden Hills mansion Mags and an ashtray Unhappy birthday to you! Glum Anne Hathaway is a lady in red as she heads out for fancy celebratory dinner She had been stumping for Hillary Clinton What a whirl-wand trip! Eddie Redmayne looks exhausted as he lands in London in time for the premiere of Fantastic Beasts after debuting movie in New York Pregnant Katherine Heigl dresses her baby bump with loose fitting tank top at flea market with husband Josh Kelley Looking for baby gifts? Chic but sombre, the Duchess of Cambridge joins Camilla and Sophie Wessex at the Cenotaph on Remembrance Sunday A von Furstenberg coat  EXCLUSIVE: 'He pursued her heavily': I'm A Celeb's Lisa Snowdon 'devastated' to learn footballer ex Jay Bothroyd was married during eight-month affair 'FIRST look': Ruby Rose posts teaser of The Veronicas' new single On Your Side... which details her love story with singer Jess Origliasso  Kate Beckinsale shows off her slim figure in tight top as she attends AFI FEST in Los Angeles Always looks sensational  'He's the Trump of Strictly': Ed Balls divides viewers after Gangnam Style saves him as it's revealed he'll perform a Great Balls of Fire jive in Blackpool You must be jo-KING? EastEnders hardman Danny Dyer makes heir-larious discovery as it's revealed he is a descendant of royalty Cockney royalty Animal attraction! Make-up free Heidi Klum, 43, gets wild with leopard print at a celeb-studded fundraiser in Los Angeles Wild thing She's got some front! Rebecca Hall looks radiant in low-cut patterned dress at AFI Fest in Los Angeles The Christine star paired her unique dress  Sharp-suited Tom Hiddleston arrives at Evening Standard Theatre Awards in good spirits... amid claims Taylor Swift will sing about their breakup Corrie's Beverley Callard 'hasn't met her 11-month-old grandchild' despite living just down the road  Laura Cross made the claims against the star 'People can call me a mug but we are happy': Megan McKenna stands by reunion with Pete Wicks after sexting scandal... and no longer checks his social media 'It's very sad': Iconic soap star Eileen Derbyshire, 85, may not return to Coronation Street after 55-year run Has been absent now for 12 months 'You had me at bonjour': Make-up free Rebecca Gayheart, 45, shows off her clear complexion as she dons cheeky T-shirt at charity event Nikki Reed stuns in white off-the-shoulder patterned top as she attends ACLU dinner in LA The 28-year-old looked gorgeous as ever She's a real page turner! Actress Emma Roberts goes make-up free as she peruses a newsstand in Los Angeles Looked simply chic SPOILER ALERT: Ecstatic Gemma Winter meets lifelong crush Peter Andre as the pop star makes a cameo on Coronation Street Getting star treatment 'I feel so sorry for her': Catherine Tyldesley steps out in a wintry ensemble as she heads to a radio appearance to tease 'heartbreaking' Xmas storyline Hollywood power couple Jennifer Aniston and Justin Theroux go unnoticed in Germany... after saying he makes her feel 'completely adored' Stunning at 70! Goldie Hawn cuts a fabulous figure in silk dress as she makes an appearance ahead of her comedy show in Melbourne Back to her pre-baby best! Kim Kardashian recycles 2009 Princess Jasmine costume for fun with North She worked hard to get  back in pre-baby shape JK's fantastic new hero is just the magic we need: BRIAN VINER on the latest instalment of the Potter franchise  Plenty to say about restablishment stooges Nicole Kidman reunites with her To Die For director Gus Van Sant and co-star Casey Affleck for Variety taping Cult black comedy Coleen Rooney looks glam in an off-the-shoulder top as she enjoys a girls' night out at new Liverpool restaurant Flashed the flesh From Hollywood to Hollyoaks! Dallas star Linda Gray, 76, brings the glam to Chester in first look at her cameo in the Channel 4 soap  An unlikely arrival She's ripped! Kelly Bensimon wears torn blue jeans while out with daughter Thadeus in New York City Stepped out in New York over the weekend Michelle Keegan 'house-hunting in South Africa' as she prepares to spend eight more months away from Mark Wright for Our Girl filming Billy Bob Thornton smokes a cigarette as he touches down in LA after saying ex-wife Angelina Jolie 'seems OK' following Brad Pitt split Hailey Baldwin flaunts her bikini body in a swimsuit before planting a kiss on her female friend Model and daughter of Stephen Baldwin From Ab Flab to Ab Fab! Helen Lederer sheds eight pounds and drops a dress size in just three days after surviving on 400 calories A DAY 'It's about finding the right balance': Marion Cotillard admits she struggles to balance her professional and personal life... after denying Brad romance The good life! Ariel Winter proudly flaunts backside as she twerks in bikini during Mexican holiday with Levi Meaden and pals Continuing her holiday  Feeding the flock! Jennifer Garner and Ben Affleck provide snacks for family church as they bring their children to Sunday service At Pacific Palisades No comment! Kanye West refuses to confirm if he still plans to run for President in 2020  The 39-year-old Life of Pablo artist ignored questions Kanye West launches a new 'unpretentious' range of clothes - but a jumper will still set you back £1,745 and a T-shirt £159 A real man of the people 'You always inspire': Sylvester Stallone presents Jackie Chan with honourary Oscar... as Arnold Schwarzenegger also pays tribute 'I had a good time with dalliances': Robbie Williams jokes about making the most of his fame, how many of the Spice Girls he's REALLY slept with Swift beatz? Pop princess Taylor calls on rumoured rapper flame Drake 'to help give her music a hip-hop vibe' She reportedly wants to sound edgier Puppy love! Sofia Richie shows taut tummy as pal Cameron Dallas carries cute canine at West Hollywood store Enjoyed some dog time Miranda Kerr is the belle of the ball in an exquisite gold gown as she cosies up to sharp-suited fiancé Evan Spiegel at glittering Baby2Baby Gala Geordie Shore's Sophie Kasaei parades her sun-kissed curves on the beach after defending healthy Size 10 figure Showed off her bikini  'I'm no spring chicken': Ex-Strictly professional Ola Jordan, 34, says she's 'not body-confident' despite sneaking SIX sexy bikinis into I'm A Celeb 'I'm not having another baby, so screw you': EastEnders actress Jacqueline Jossa lashes out at cruel trolls who told her she looked pregnant 'He waited outside for her': Pregnant Amy Childs flees event after man 'threatened to punch her' Outside The Ideal Homes Show 'I only do the things I love': Mary Berry confirms filming for her own cooking show... as Bake-Off makers 'head to court over block on Channel 4 rival' 'That smile ain't nothing but a Dream!': Kris Jenner posts adorable snap of Rob Kardashian cradling his new baby girl Latest addition Jessica Alba goes casual chic as she takes her daughters to the Beverly Hills Farmers' Market She is known for her healthy lifestyle Mia Tyler announces she's expecting her first child by sharing picture of her bump First child for the artist, who is the daughter of Aerosmtih's Steven Scarlett Johansson shows off stunning curves in lilac cutaway dress at Ghost In The Shell trailer launch in Japan Glam evening Pamela Anderson cuts a chic figure as she brings MORE snacks to WikiLeaks founder Julian Assange... after he joked that her vegan treats were 'torture' Jamie Foxx has fun on set with Robert Downey Jr and Jeremy Piven as they film All-Star Weekend Revolves around two tow-truck drivers Kurves ahead! Khloe Kardashian shows off her incredible physique in a burnt orange dress as she heads to stylist Monica Rose's baby shower PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Megan Fox and Brian Austin Green take baby Journey and his older brothers on family outing Family united  'I was a bit of a b***ard': Phil Collins admits to cheating on his ex-wife, but says he was just 'following his heart' Regrets the affair 'I had nothing left to give him': Daisy Lowe falls foul of Strictly curse... as she and beau Bradley 'Frankie' Wade couldn't 'cope with the pressure' If you wannabe my mother: Ex-Spice Girl Victoria Beckham 'wants to manage her son Cruz's pop career' Thinks her experiences make her the perfect candidate Rod Stewart's rarely-seen daughter Ruby follows in her father's footsteps as she opens his tour in Liverpool The apple never falls far from the tree From Top Gear to top rear! Little Mix's Leigh-Anne Pinnock teaches Jeremy Clarkson how to twerk on the Jonathan Ross Show Awkward! GIRL ABOUT TOWN: Finally, Jeremy Clarkson is silenced - by the raging wife of Sir Shifty, Lady Green Someone who can stop the motormouth  GIRL ABOUT TOWN: Phasing out the Fogles! Prince William distances himself from Ben Fogle and his wife  Said to be fed up of Ben talking about him in public GIRL ABOUT TOWN: Doctor Who to marry Lady Rose? Besotted Matt Smith to pop the question to girlfriend Lily James by Christmas  Planning trip to New York Still the Princess of Darkness: X Factor judge Sharon Osbourne, 64, flips the bird as she leaves X Factor post-party looking a little worse for wear Outlandish behaviour Parkinson's sufferer Michael J. Fox appears to go Back To The Future with impassioned guitar solo as he leads special gig to support his charity Nicola Peltz flashes her taut abs in a crop top as she opts for an all-black look in Los Angeles Flashed a hint of her abs as she headed out Eye of the tiger, face of an angel: Ageless Madonna, 58, stuns with extremely taut appearance as she leads star-studded UFC fight crowd Kendall Jenner's hangout bar, Emma Stone's beloved salon and Jennifer Aniston's hiking spot: How to ditch the tourist traps and explore LA like a local A-Lister From Baywatch to bag watch: Giddy Kelly Rohrbach shops 'til she drops as she strains under a heavy load Made shopping look like hard work on Saturday PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Kate Upton and fiancé Justin Verlander put on a tactile display on romantic Italian vacation The 24-year-old model kept close in Florence Sheer delight! Nicole Kidman flashes her cleavage in plunging see-through gown at The Governors Awards... before slipping into classic white high-neck dress for later event 'I don't want to say!' Kris Jenner cries as her mother MJ asks her biggest fear in Keeping Up With The Kardashians Welled up on TV Getting some retail therapy! Julianne Moore and friend Laura Dern browse designer dresses at LA boutique  The 55-year-old looked to be in good spirits  'Loved it!' Kelly Clarkson takes baby Remington and daughter River to Disney World River, 2, and Remington, 7 months,  will have been delighted Danniella Westbrook sports new brunette hairdo, but STILL wears a plaster under her nose... amid reports she's suing Celebrity Botched Up Bodies Hard man Mickey Rourke, 64, proves he's a big softy at heart as muscular actor cradles beloved fluffy pooch The age-defying actor, 64, showed off his bulging biceps People wanted to kill me, says Prince Harry's girl: Meghan Markle opens up to PIERS MORGAN about dating, death threats and most embarrassing moment  Bataclan TURNS AWAY Eagles of Death Metal - who were playing when ISIS massacred 90 music fans - as the concert hall reopens a year after the attack with Sting performance Cringing Cowell! Simon is left red-faced after Dermot shares throwback picture of him with a VERY dodgy hairdo on X Factor Giving a gun show too! What happens in Vegas stays still in Vegas! Britney Spears does the Mannequin Challenge to celebrate Sin City success  Flesh-flashing Charlotte Dawson flirts up a storm with new rugby player boyfriend Matt Sarsfield as they're spotted together for the first time Trinny Woodall's 'nightmare' £300,000 divorce battle from beyond the grave: Fashion guru's bizarre High Court battle over her dead ex's debts  Get Me Out Of Here already! Scarlett Moffatt can't contain her disgust as she's forced to canoe through swampy waters in I'm A Celebrity's first grizzly challenge 'Strictly viewers are delighted to spot Mary Berry in the audience... but are reduced to tears as Judge Rinder's granddad wells up on-screen  She's got good jeans! Khloe Kardashian shows off her toned bottom...as she hits out at haters online Addressing all the criticism Frill-seeker! Slimmed-down Tina Malone shows off her TINY size six figure in black flamenco-style dress as she steps out at RTS Awards Disco fever! Leona Lewis oozes 70s glamour in corkscrew curls and plunging sequin gown as she steals the show at animal charity gala in LA Cara Delevingne flashes her abs with a sexy pin-up on her jacket... as she turns her mind to modelling following St Vincent split She had taken a step back from her modelling  Donatella Versace claims that gay male fashion designers create clothes for the 'women they want to be' rather than their customers   Female style icon Rachel Weisz is cosy beneath a bizarre woolly hat  She is famed for starring in cult classic The Mummy, but Rachel Weisz looked like she was almost embalmed  Ready to take the plunge! Ola Jordan glams up before the jungle in a low cut peachy dress as she meets her I'm A Celebrity team mates Slinky Scherzinger! Nicole shows off stunning figure in racy cut out dress on X Factor before changing into JUST a pink jacket for dinner  Chrissy Teigen and daughter Luna host baby shower for celebrity stylist Monica Rose... and Khloe Kardashian and Kris Jenner are on hand too Braided beauty! Cara Delevingne cuts a fashionable flyer in a chic bomber jacket as she touches down at LAX Eyes front, Philip! A playboy prince eyeing up the ladies? Don't worry, Ma'am - it's only a VERY impertinent scene from hit TV show The Crown  What will Ma'am think? Hugh Jackman spotted cosying up with Madonna at UFC title fight in New York  Watched Conor McGregor and Eddie Alvarez battle it out Vin Diesel and Nina Dobrev fuel the hype for xXx: Return of Xander Cage at Los Angeles fan event Diesel, 49, looked every part the action hero  Will Smith is in high spirits as he has a laugh on set for upcoming fantasy film Bright Will Smith spent his Saturday hard at work on his forthcoming fantasy thriller Bright Liquid gold! Lily Collins oozes class in backless satin gown at the Academy's Governors Awards in Hollywood Perhaps Lily Collins had her sights set on a gold statue Blue bombshell! Bryce Dallas Howard stuns at star-studded Weinstein Company party featuring Matthew McConaughey A real showstopper All-natural beauty! Jenna Dewan is pretty in pink with husband Channing Tatum at Baby2Baby Gala in Los Angeles  Had her black locks parted in the middle Kate Hudson shines in gold number as she poses with Matthew McConaughey and wife Camila at Baby2Baby Gala Sheerly amazing! Jessica Alba stuns in partially transparent black gown for star-studded Baby2Baby Gala in Los Angeles Charity that supports babies in need In the navy! Jennifer Garner is beautiful in blue as she stuns on red carpet of Baby2Baby Gala in LA The 44-year-old actress looked beautiful in blue Bella Thorne is epitome of casual chic in Daisy Dukes and snakeskin boots before slipping into crop top and ripped jeans Two different outfits 'Bonding with mommy!' Blac Chyna breastfeeds daughter Dream in newborn baby's first tweet Created an Instagram account in baby's name Blac Chyna's mother Tokyo Toni shows charitable side as she promotes food drive after second grandchild is born Tokyo Toni is feeling charitable  Pretty in pattern! Emma Stone and Michelle Williams wow in sparkling gowns for the eighth annual Governors Awards in Hollywood The actresses arrived dressed to the nines Demi Lovato holds hands with rumoured MMA fighter beau Luke Rockhold as they arrive to UFC 205 in New York It's been the worst kept celebrity couple secret for a while now Head Start to Home Cooked Get Recipes more SHARE PICTURE Copy link to paste in your message Find out more... Find out more... Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Network This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Syndication Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      


Home Mail Flickr Tumblr News Sports Finance Celebrity Answers Groups Mobile More Try Yahoo Finance on Firefox » Yahoo Search Search Sign in Mail Finance Home Yahoo Originals Market Movers Midday Movers The Final Round Sportsbook Trending Tickers Andy Serwer Brittany Jones-Cooper Daniel Howley Daniel Roberts David Pogue Ethan Wolff-Mann JP Mangalindan Julia La Roche Melody Hahm Nicole Sinclair Rick Newman Sam Ro Contributors Personal Finance Retirement Lifestyle [Video] Currency Converter Tech Market Data Trending Tickers Stocks: Most Actives Stocks: Gainers Stocks: Losers Top ETFs Commodities World Indices Currencies Top Mutual Funds Most Traded Options by Volume US Treasury Bonds Rates Calendars Industry News Energy Financial Healthcare Business Services Telecom & Utilities Computer Hardware & Electronics Computer Software & Services Industrials Manufacturing & Materials Consumer Products & Media Diversified Business Retailing & Hospitality NEWMy Screeners My Portfolio Sign In U.S. Markets closed S&P 500 2,164.20 -0.25 (-0.01%) Dow 30 18,868.69 21.03 (0.11%) U.S. stocks slip on earnings, dollar off highs By Hilary Russ ReutersOctober 25, 2016 Reblog Share Tweet Share View photos Traders work on the floor of the New York Stock Exchange (NYSE) in New York City, U.S., October 25, 2016. REUTERS/Brendan McDermidMore By Hilary Russ NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. stocks fell on disappointing earnings reports on Tuesday, while the U.S. dollar slipped from multi-month highs after Bank of England Governor Mark Carney cast doubt on expectations for more monetary stimulus. Oil prices fell more than 1 percent, with U.S. crude breaking below $50 per barrel for a second straight day, ahead of weekly data that could show a build in inventories. On Wall Street, nine of the eleven sectors in the benchmark S&P 500 stock index closed lower, with housing and consumer products companies among those failing to live up to forecasts on third-quarter earnings. Shares of some big names, including Whirlpool , General Motors Co , Caterpillar Inc and 3M , all lost ground. "We had a rally (Monday) and haven't been able to sustain it, due to weaker-than-expected numbers from some names," said Peter Jankovskis, co-chief investment officer at OakBrook Investments in Lisle, Illinois. He called the day's earnings report a "mixed bag" for stocks. Another third of the S&P 500 is scheduled to report earnings this week, including heavyweights Apple , Alphabet , Amazon and Boeing . The Dow Jones industrial average <.DJI> fell 53.76 points, or 0.3 percent, to 18,169.27, the S&P 500 <.SPX> lost 8.17 points, or 0.38 percent, to 2,143.16 and the Nasdaq Composite <.IXIC> dropped 26.43 points, or 0.5 percent, to 5,283.40. The dollar was a hair lower against a basket of major currencies <.DXY> after touching an eight-month high. Growing expectations that the U.S. Federal Reserve would raise interest rates in December had boosted the dollar to its highest level in more than seven months against the euro and about three months against the yen. When BoE policymakers meet next week to consider whether to cut interest rates, they will "undoubtedly" take sterling's weakness into account, BoE Governor Mark Carney told lawmakers on Tuesday. "Carney's comments cast doubt on easing from Europe," said Kathy Lien, managing director at BK Asset Management in New York. Sterling slumped to its lowest level since the Oct. 7 "flash crash" but recovered some of its losses on Carney's remarks. The pound was last down 0.47 percent. In European stocks, mining companies <.SXPP> rose 3.2 percent, lifted in part by Anglo American , up 4.55 percent after its production update. Anglo is the top-performing stock on Europe's STOXX 600 <.STOXX> this year. The U.K.'s FTSE 100 Index <.FTSE> extended gains, closing up 0.45 percent. Germany's DAX <.GDAXI> turned slightly lower, ending down 0.04 percent, after hitting its highest level of the year. The closely-watched Ifo survey beat expectations, a day after purchasing manager numbers had done the same. Metal prices surged, with zinc up 2.37 percent at $2,366.85, but off an earlier three-week high of $2,376. It is up nearly 60 percent from January lows on worries about shortages. Other commodity prices slipped, though, as many are priced in U.S. dollars. U.S. crude oil futures settled 56 cents lower at $49.96 per barrel, down 1.11 percent. (Additional reporting by Sam Forgione and Rodrigo Campos in New York; Editing by Nick Zieminski and Dan Grebler) Reblog Share Tweet Share Recently Viewed Your list is empty. What to Read Next These 10 megadonors blew $112 million on losing candidates in the presidential election Yahoo Finance Black veteran says he was refused free Veteran's Day meal at Chili's after man in Trump shirt questioned his service Business Insider Trump reportedly surprised by scope of White House staffing duties CNBC Donald Trump Asks His Supporters Not to Attack Minorities: 'Stop It' Inside Edition How Trump Should Handle Recent Hate Speech Bloomberg Video From biomass to nuclear: The evolution of American energy usage since 1776 Yahoo Finance Trump's presidency creates an unprecedented conflict for golf Yahoo Finance PepsiCo CEO: Employees are scared for their safety after Trump's election Business Insider Warren Buffett is bullish on airline stocks Yahoo Finance Celebrity Apprentice Alum Kenya Moore Sounds Off on President-Elect Donald Trump: ‘I’m Praying for the Best’ People Breaking Down Bannon Bloomberg Video Why Uber is the perfect employer for my 70-year-old, hot-air balloon pilot father Yahoo Finance Report: Trump was unfamiliar with the scope of the president's job when meeting Obama Business Insider Trump's jobs plan faces a bigger challenge than China Yahoo Finance Credit Card Companies Want You to Give Up Your Right to Sue Them. Here’s How to Opt Out Money Trump Should Tread Carefully With Russia: Top Republican lawmaker Foreign Policy Magazine UK wants to raze 783 London homes to expand Heathrow airport brandweer112: As someone who 'lives up north' i always stand in awe when people tell us how we will all benefit from major infrastructure improvements in London,the billions to be spent on this new runway,the billions being spent on crossrail for the benefit of......well not me,i'll still be standing at a grotty provincial train station waiting on a train that may or may not arrive,i will have a glow in my heart to know that things in the south are ticking over nicely as i try to get the feeling back into my cold wet feet,great just great. Join the Conversation 1 / 5 141 Trump's White House Hires Bloomberg Video All eyes on upcoming Line offering amid a dismal IPO market Yahoo Finance China fires its first warning shot at Trump CNBC Google looking into grossly inaccurate top news search result displayed as final popular-vote tally Business Insider Yes, you can be fired for expressing your political views at work Business Insider First Lady Michelle Obama Meets Melania Trump Cosmopolitan Final Trade: TWX, AMZN & more CNBC Videos Citi analyst warns Brexit is bad news for Apple iPhone sales Yahoo Finance Sorry folks, Amazon just removed a sale on one of the best games of 2016 Business Insider Here's Why DryShips Inc. Stock Continues to Explode Higher Motley Fool The New MacBook Pro: The ultimate good news/bad news story Yahoo Finance The Insane Numbers Behind Trump’s Immigration Reform Plan Money Buzz Aldrin: Trump will be very good for space exploratio... CNBC Videos Record lows in US bonds are signalling a reckoning with stocks Yahoo Finance Trump set to roll back Obama policies on energy, environment Associated Press Studies contradict what Mark Zuckerberg is saying about Facebook Yahoo Finance Data Disclaimer Help Suggestions
Benzinga Benzinga Pro Marketfy Financial Data & APIs Fintech Awards Membership is Free What are you waiting for? Sign up now! Username: Username available! Username taken! Email: Email available! Email taken! Password: Leave blank: OR Free Account Login Click here to access your premium account Username or email: Password: OR Forgot password?' Looking for ? CLICK HERE Contribute Login Sign up Benzinga - Feed Your Mind. Home Best of Benzinga Careers About Contact Us Partners Benzinga Fintech Awards News Earnings Guidance Dividends M&A Buybacks Legal Interviews Management Retail Sales Offerings IPOs Insider Trades Biotech/FDA Markets Pre-Market After Hours Movers Forex Commodities Options Binary Options Bonds Futures Global Economics Previews Reviews Small-Cap Ratings Analyst Color Downgrades Upgrades Initiations Price Target Ideas Long Ideas Short Ideas Technicals From The Press Jim Cramer Rumors ETFs Tech Start-Ups Fintech Personal Finance Premium Products My Watchlist Earnings Guidance Dividends M&A Buybacks Legal Interviews Management Retail Sales Offerings IPOs Insider Trades Biotech/FDA Market Overview Tickers Articles Keywords Search by keyword...googlecse Epic Earnings: Many US Companies Beating Expectations As Season Continues The Ticker Tape , TD Ameritrade   {{following ? "Following" : "Follow"}} October 25, 2016 11:52am   Comments Share: It’s an epic earnings day on Wall Street, as a collection of massive U.S. companies report results, including Apple Inc (NASDAQ: AAPL) and five other Dow components. Fed speakers and housing data help round out the schedule. Earnings just keep rumbling on here as we near the end of October, and so far, there’s been little not to like. To date, more than 75% of companies have beat expectations, and, in a truly positive sign, nearly 80% have beaten Wall Street’s consensus estimates on the revenue side of the coin. Futures trading pointed toward a slightly higher open. Approximately 180 S&P 500 companies report results this week, and it seems like a big portion of them come today. Among the big names are Merck & Co., Inc (NYSE: MRK), Eli Lilly and Co (NYSE: LLY), 3M Co (NYSE: MMM), and E I Du Pont De Nemours And Co (NYSE: DD). And waiting in the wings is Apple, which reports after the close (see below). Expect the flavor of the market this week to mostly be shaped by individual company earnings stories, and remember, there’s still a lot to come after today, with names like Boeing Co (NYSE: BA), The Coca-Cola Co (NYSE: KO), Tesla Motors Inc (NASDAQ: TSLA), Alphabet Inc (NASDAQ: GOOGL) (NASDAQ: GOOG), and Amazon.com, Inc. (NASDAQ: AMZN) on tap in the coming days. By the end of the week, investors should have pretty good insight into the health of big U.S. companies. Earlier today, another biggie reported, as Caterpillar Inc. (NYSE: CAT) surpassed earnings per share estimates but didn’t match Wall Street analysts’ estimates on revenue. The company also lowered its full-year guidance, and, in a statement, cited “economic weakness throughout the world.” But MRK shares zoomed up 3% early Tuesday after the company solidly beat on earnings and revenue. 3M, Procter & Gamble Co (NYSE: PG) and DD also beat estimates. Bond prices remain under pressure, in part from solid U.S. economic data, and the yield on U.S. 10-year Treasury bonds is back above 1.75%. It’s also noteworthy that the yield curve is on its way up, meaning the spread between short-term and longer-term yields is increasing. This can be a positive factor for the financial sector, and sure enough, financials are up nearly 2% over the last week, solidly ahead of the broader market. Consumer confidence reached nine-year highs last month, and we’ll find out if that lasted into October when the Conference Board reports at 10 a.m. ET today. Perhaps a better measure of consumer confidence is durable goods data, due Thursday morning. And the Case-Shiller 20-city housing index and the FHFA Housing Index, both out this morning, might also provide more insight into the consumer economy. Atlanta Federal Reserve President Dennis Lockhart speaks this afternoon. Chicago Fed President Charles Evans made some dovish remarks on Monday about potentially keeping the federal funds rate lower for longer. M&A Volume Scampering Up: Mergers and acquisitions (M&A) activity is picking up here in Q4, with the biggest recent deal the $85 billion agreement for AT&T Inc. (NYSE: T) to purchase Time Warner Inc (NYSE: TWX). That was just one of a few recent deals totaling nearly $240 billion that have a chance to make 2016 the second-biggest M&A year on record after 2015 if just a handful of the current deals come to fruition, Bloomberg noted. M&A activity became rather sluggish in the wake of the Great Recession, falling well over 50% on a value basis between 2007 and 2009 before waking up and slowly growing until the record activity of last year. A relatively slow-growing economy that makes it hard for companies to out-perform, combined with low interest rates that provide easy access to financing, often can make M&A seem more attractive. On the other hand, the agreement between T and TWX appears to face a challenging regulatory scrutiny, and politicians from both major parties expressed concern that the deal could concentrate too much power in too few hands. We’ll see what ultimately gets done with this one. Are Samsung’s Struggles Handing AAPL a Bigger Slice of Market? As anyone who’s been on an airplane flight recently probably knows, airlines have banned Samsung’s Galaxy 7 phone because it might be a fire hazard, and the phone has been recalled. Did this steer additional customers to Apple, which reports earnings after the close today? That’s one thing to keep an eye on, and investors might also be curious to see how AAPL’s new iPhone 7 did during its first months on the market. Though the iPhone 7 and Samsung’s struggles could take the headlines, it’s also worth watching to see if AAPL continues to see falling sales overall, as it has the last two quarters. The phone market keeps getting tougher, and in Q2, AAPL’s sales fell 15% from a year earlier, the second quarter in a row of falling sales. For Q3, analysts surveyed by Briefing.com expect earnings per share of $1.65, down from $1.96 a year ago, but the company’s share price remains near its high for the year. Going Opposite Ways? Stocks were tracking crude oil rather closely last week, but the relationship appeared to break down a little on Monday, as the S&P 500 Index (Index: SPX) rose nearly 0.5% while front-month U.S. crude futures fell around the same amount, dipping below $50 a barrel during the session before recovering slightly. Pressure on oil came from the fundamental side, as Iraq said it wouldn’t necessarily abide by an OPEC output freeze. But later in the day, Iran said it would encourage other countries to join. Oil futures have been trading back and forth near the $50 level for several weeks, perhaps a sign of how difficult it is to pierce this mark. Last week saw 11 new oil rigs added to U.S. production, according to the Baker Hughes weekly report, if anyone needed a reminder that higher prices often lead to more U.S. drilling, which can lead to lower prices.   TD Ameritrade and all third parties mentioned are separate and unaffiliated companies, and are not responsible for each other’s policies or services. Inclusion of specific security names in this commentary does not constitute a recommendation from TD Ameritrade to buy, sell, or hold. Market volatility, volume, and system availability may delay account access and trade executions. Past performance of a security or strategy does not guarantee future results or success. Options are not suitable for all investors as the special risks inherent to options trading may expose investors to potentially rapid and substantial losses. Options trading subject to TD Ameritrade review and approval. Please read Characteristics and Risks of Standardized Options before investing in options. Supporting documentation for any claims, comparisons, statistics, or other technical data will be supplied upon request. The information is not intended to be investment advice or construed as a recommendation or endorsement of any particular investment or investment strategy, and is for illustrative purposes only. Be sure to understand all risks involved with each strategy, including commission costs, before attempting to place any trade. Clients must consider all relevant risk factors, including their own personal financial situations, before trading. TD Ameritrade, Inc., member FINRA/SIPC. TD Ameritrade is a trademark jointly owned by TD Ameritrade IP Company, Inc. and The Toronto-Dominion Bank. © 2016 TD Ameritrade IP Company, Inc. All rights reserved. Used with permission. Posted-In: Earnings News Broad U.S. Equity ETFs Guidance Commodities Events Global Econ #s © 2016 Benzinga.com. Benzinga does not provide investment advice. All rights reserved.   Related Articles (AAPL + AMZN) Negative Chinese Trade Rhetoric Comments Create Buying Opportunity In Apple Exclusive: Energous CEO Talks Dialog Semi Deal, Other Prospects Technical Alert: Amazon Nears $700 Technical Alert: Apple Bruised From A(mazon) To Z(ynga): Loop Capital Breaks Down Trump Presidency Risk On Internet Stocks 'Trump And Dump' Scenarios As The Post-Election Rally Fades View Comments and Join the Discussion! View the discussion thread. Sign up for email alerts on AAPL Trending Recent 1 PTCT, ADM: 18 Stocks Moving In Monday's Pre-Market Session 2 NVDA: Nvidia's Big Win: Post-Earnings Sell-Side Sentiment 3 PG, FB: The Trump Market Is Killing A Couple Of Popular Trading Strategies 4 DVAX: Dynavax Shares Plunge 70% Amid Complete Response Letter F... 5 EXPE, GRUB: From A(mazon) To Z(ynga): Loop Capital Breaks D... 6 JDST, DUST: Where Is Gold Headed When Interest Ra... 7 BDC, HOLI: Must Watch Stocks for Novemb... 1 EEM: Todd Gordon's Emerging Markets ETF Options Trade 2 GILD: Several Key Catalysts Lay Ahead For Gilead Sciences In The Next Year 3 MTL: An Under-The-Radar Steel Name Is Getting A Big Boost Today 4 ABT: Abbott Laboratories CEO Buys $15 Million In Shares 5 CLF, MTL: Trump Election Making Steel Great Again 6 AKS, X: Pete Najarian Sees Unusual Options Activity In AK Steel 7 NAT: The Vetr Crowd Is Riding Nordic American Tanker ... View upcoming Earnings, Ratings, Dividend and Economic Calendars. Benzinga Benzinga is a fast-growing, dynamic and innovative financial media outlet that empowers investors with high-quality, unique content. Popular Channels Analyst Ratings Be Your Own Boss ETFs Economics Forex Hot News Options Press Releases Start-ups Tech Tools & Features Affiliate Program Feeds News Widget Real Time Feed Sitemap Submit News Tips About Benzinga About Us Licensing and APIs Apps (iOS and Android) Fintech Awards Blog In the News Careers Contact Us Disclaimer Privacy Policy Syndication Terms and Conditions Benzinga Partners 1 (877) 440-9464 (ZING) © Copyright Benzinga Benzinga - Feed Your Mind News Markets Ratings Ideas Tech Small-Cap Personal Finance Premium Products Goldman Sachs Reinstates Neutral On Lam Research, Bullish On Long Term Survey: 84% Of Investors Expect AT&T-Time Warner Deal Approval
  Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Wires Home My Profile Logout Login Feedback DailyMail NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad Stocks, commodities climb as economic confidence rises By Reuters Published: 08:27 EST, 25 October 2016 | Updated: 08:27 EST, 25 October 2016 e-mail By Marc Jones LONDON, Oct 25 (Reuters) - World markets had a swagger about them on Tuesday as upbeat economic data and signs of a revival in inflation pushed up stocks and commodity prices and kept the dollar at a nine-month high. Wall Street was set to tick higher with consumer confidence figures due and analysts already tucking into healthy-looking earnings from Procter & Gamble, General Motors and drugs giant Merck, but also a profit downgrade from Caterpillar. Europe had been cheered as Germany's Dax hit its highest level of the year after the closely-watched Ifo survey beat expectations a day after purchasing manager numbers had done the same. The region's mining firms were the standout performers though. They hit a 14-month top as zinc surged to a five-year peak and iron ore reached its highest since mid-2014, all of which should pick up the pulse of inflation globally. "We are seeing a pick-up of economic activity against the backdrop of only one central bank - the Fed - that is likely to tighten policy and that is supporting asset markets," said CMC Markets senior analyst Michael Hewson. In foreign exchange markets, the dollar took a breather having reached its highest since early February against other top currencies as traders continued to add to the bets on a December U.S. interest rate rise <_0FF:_>. China's yuan went the other way, hitting its lowest since "offshore" trading was introduced in 2010 as Beijing nudged down official rates again. It traded as soft as 6.7882 yuan per dollar. The currency's fall of more than 1.5 percent since the end of September has stirred renewed suspicion of a possible extended slide in the yuan, even though officials have reiterated their expectations for a stable currency. But the weakness has revived memories of a shock yuan devaluation last August and another rapid depreciation early this year - falls that triggered a bout of global market turmoil. Analysts pointed out, however, that during this round of yuan weakness, global risk sentiment was holding up. "That highlights the extent to which dollar gains are unlikely to be as extended as they were (in the past)," said BNP Paribas currency strategist Sam Lynton-Brown, in London. GOLDEN MINERS The cheer around the mining sector was increased further as a production update thrust London-listed giant Anglo American's shares up over 3 percent to take their gains this year to almost 270 percent. The staggering rise has made Anglo the top performing stock on Europe's STOXX 600 this year. In Asia, Japan's Nikkei rose 0.7 percent to close at a six-month high as a softening yen burnished the outlook for the country's exporters. Australian stocks added 0.6 percent and Taiwan 0.7 percent. Wall Street was taking encouragement from upbeat corporate results. Over one third of U.S. companies have now reported and 80 percent have beaten market expectations. Another third of the S&P 500 components are scheduled to report earnings later this week, including heavyweights Apple , Alphabet, Amazon and Boeing. Merger and acquisition activity added extra fizz in the wake of AT&T Inc's $85.4 billion bid for Time Warner Inc , though the deal seemed destined to face stringent scrutiny from regulators. Safe-haven bonds were feeling the strain of the bullish mood elsewhere with U.S. Treasury yields up to almost 1.78 percent again and European yields creeping higher. In commodities, oil prices briefly dipped on news of the impending restart of Britain's Buzzard oilfield and Iraq's wish to be exempted from OPEC production cuts. Brent was down 5 cents at $51.41 a barrel, while U.S. crude hovered at $50.50. But going the other way were metals with zinc, nickel, copper and tin all shining and Chinese iron ore futures reaching their highest since August 2014. Coal prices also reached new peaks after weeks of gains, a prop for the Australian dollar as the two commodities are the country's biggest export earners. Another mover was the Canadian dollar which rebounded from a seven-month low after Bank of Canada Governor Stephen Poloz said the decision on whether to cut interest rates again was not one to take lightly. The comments countered recent speculation about an imminent easing and nudged the U.S. dollar down to C$1.3333 from a peak at C$1.3398. For Reuters new Live Markets blog on European and UK stock markets see reuters://realtime/verb=Open/url=http://emea1.apps.cp.extranet.thomsonreuters.biz/cms/?pageId=livemarkets (Additional reporting by Wayne Cole in Sydney; Editing by Mark Heinrich) Share or comment on this article e-mail Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article. Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail     DON'T MISS 'She's modified her face beyond all recognition!' Carol Vorderman, 55, stuns viewers after exhibiting 'frozen' complexion on I'm A Celeb It's getting hot in here! Ola Jordan shows off her dancer's body in tiny red bikini as she hits the jungle shower with Sam Quek and Scarlett Moffatt on I'm a Celeb Carol Vorderman, 55, strips down to a VERY racy swimsuit on I'm A Celeb...as 'happily single' star tells campmates 'I do alright' when it comes to men She looks to be doing just fine! Kim Kardashian's friend shares rare photo of reality star recluse as she dresses up in belly dancer costume for fun Ashley James puts on a eye-popping display in an itsy-bitsy bikini as she soaks up the sun on the beach in Ibiza Making the most of the sun 'It's me or the wardrobe!' Frankie Gaff gives Jamie Laing an ultimatum. He found living with her and her 'floordrobe' too much to bear on Made In Chelsea, by Jim Shelley  Cor (rie) blimey! Helen Flanagan showcases her incredible figure in a racy cut-out bikini as she holidays in Dubai with boyfriend Scott Sinclair Chloe Ferry reportedly FIRED from Geordie Shore after 'kicking new housemate Zahida Allen in the head'  The 21-year-old was shown the door Now that's a lesson in style! Myleene Klass exposes her cleavage in plunging jumpsuit as she leads the red carpet glamour at School of Rock press night She's proud of that booty! Khloe Kardashian flaunts her derriere as she does squats at the gym Taking after her bigger sister (in both senses) Real men wear pink! Brooklyn Beckham follows in his mother Victoria's fashionable footsteps as he makes a statement with pink beanie hat Frankie Bridge is the picture of elegance in plunging patterned gown at Virgin awards... after her husband Wayne makes I'm A Celebrity debut PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Tom Hiddleston steps out with a pretty blonde Taylor Swift lookalike... two months after split with pop star Flashed a beaming grin She needs a nap! Pregnant Marion Cotillard looks weary during LA dinner after tirelessly promoting Brad Pitt WWII film Allied Struggling Holly Willoughby is close to tears on This Morning as a distraught mother breaks down over her son's planned suicide during bullying phone-in The Eighties called! Sheridan Smith is unrecognisable as a busty brunette on set of the movie adaptation of comic Jo Brand's book As schizophrenic mum Newly-engaged Pixie Lott can barely contain her glee as she heads to jewellers hours after fiancé Oliver Cheshire popped the question What a gem!  Emma Watson stars as Belle in the first trailer for Disney's long-awaited live action remake of Beauty And The Beast Looks stunning Choosing her prince wasn't ALWAYS such an easy choice! Meghan Markle giggles as she is asked to pick either William or Harry months before romance She's a good sport! Gigi Hadid tries her hand at table tennis as she makes a sweeping entrance at VIP dinner in stylish satin jumpsuit In high spirits 'Worst thing I've ever done': I'm A Celeb's Scarlett, Jordan, Ola and Sam do Bushtucker Trial featuring 120,000 critters... as Moffatt is voted in first From refurbished iPads to a good-as-new Sony PS4: Ways to save money on your children's gifts this Christmas (without any fewer smiles!) SPONSORED Make-up free Coleen Rooney flaunts her trim figure in semi-sheer mesh workout gear as she hits the gym Making the most of her free time Demure Dita! Burlesque extraordinaire Von Teese steps out in modest black polo neck and ornate silver skirt for evening in London Jessica Simpson's father Joe, 58, confirms he has prostate cancer and has already undergone surgery 'He's feeling great now and is optimistic' 'It's like we get a little bit of dad back': Bindi Irwin says she remembers her dad the best every time she puts on her Australia Zoo uniform Not very ladylike! Lady Victoria Hervey, 40, displays more than expected as she flashes perky assets when risqué swimsuit unfastens Dapper Brad Pitt takes selfies with adoring fans at Allied screening in China... as he returns to the public eye after split with Angelina Jolie In better spirits again 'She works really hard': X Factor's Sam Lavery defends Honey G after elimination... as rapper faces backlash for surviving ANOTHER week 'He's such a good man': Marion Cotillard gushes about Allied co-star Brad Pitt... after shooting down rumours of an on set romance Caught up in split Naomi Campbell speaks for the first time about what it means to be black and British and joins other famous stars who were told to limit their ambitions due to their skin colour Take that! Bella Hadid throws a punch as she works out in boxing class after split from The Weeknd Was snug in her black, oversize fuzzy jacket  Girl time! Bella Thorne and Demi Lovato don skinny jeans as they catch up over lunch at the trendy Urth Caffe They both have new romances 'I had a bit of a nervous breakdown' Ryan Reynolds admits secret battle with anxiety as he's named GQ's Man of the Year He's filming Deadpool Coy Khloe Kardashian attempts to go incognito in huge hoodie as she steps out in wake of Tristan Thompson split rumours  Looked glum 'I gave up my career for a really long time': Ayda Field admits she TURNED DOWN a major US TV show to be with husband Robbie Williams 'It was very romantic': Goldie Hawn gets VERY candid about her and Kurt Russell's sex life and discusses split with ex husband Bill Hudson In Aspen, Colorado,  'Fame is the best drug': Lady Gaga opens up about her addiction to stardom as she covers Harper's Bazaar She penned an open essay to the magazine Twice the star power! Madonna puckers up as she and Zac Efron take selfies together at UFC's Connor McGregor star-studded fight Lucky Star 20 years and counting! Ant and Dec sign new three-year deal with ITV marking a landmark anniversary with the channel and promising more I'm A Celeb and BGT until at least 2019 'It's really awkward': Girl On The Train star Haley Bennett on being constantly mistaken for Jennifer Lawrence There is an uncanny likeness 'I lost Jack': Natalie Portman is a heartbroken First Lady after JFK's assassination in emotionally charged trailer for Jackie Natalie Portman flatters her pregnant figure in a striped T-shirt as she runs errands A regular errand-running day, despite the relsease of a mega-bucks trailer Waiting on mom! Jennifer Garner grabs breakfast while Ben Affleck and son Samuel goof around in their car The amicable exes appeared to be relaxed  'I could write a book on back problems!': Duncan James confirms he is fit and well after sudden visit to A&E... five months after emergency surgery on his spine Post election blues: Alec Baldwin looks depressed as he strolls with family before accusing NBC of not allowing SNL to endorse Hillary Clinton Back to her Mean Girls roots! Lindsay Lohan shows off new red locks reminiscent of her infamous movie character in cosy Instagram selfie Showdown! Exes Justin Bieber and Selena Gomez will compete for Artist Of The Year at the American Music Awards On November 20 It's only three weeks old! Amber Rose can't hide her horror as her brand new $371k Rolls-Royce gets rear-ended 'It's awesome!' Hailee Steinfeld opens up about being part of Taylor Swift's squad as she flashes her bra for magazine cover Gave glimpse of her bra 'I felt isolated': Robbie Williams describes the roller coaster ride with drugs, drink and depression that almost killed him... as he gets tearful over his daughter Hat's the way to do it! TOWIE's George Harrison flaunts her enviably svelte figure in a sizzling cut-out monokini as she enjoys a beach break in Spain 'Let's keep fighting to make it a better world for our children': Katie Holmes shares rare photo of daughter Suri with powerful message A productive playdate 'Sort your jaw out!' Vicky Pattison is slammed for 'gurning' on I'm A Celeb Extra Camp... as she mistakes show for Xtra Factor in awkward blunder 'I'm heartbroken, but proud of myself': Daisy Lowe flashes her toned abs in a crop top as she puts on a brave face after Strictly elimination  Put on a brave face 'She's built like a woman': Tommy Hilfiger praises 'smart, funny and humble' Gigi Hadid as he shows off his luxury New York apartment  'The 80s are back!' Luke Hemsworth channels He-Man for retro birthday bash with brother Liam and Miley Cyrus Time is rolling back 'They eat and stargaze': Sean Penn gripes about celebs who attend his foundation's annual gala... but don't donate a cent Looking rugged Ariel Winter posts a VERY cheeky Instagram snap from her Mexican holiday with Levi Meaden and pals Certainly making a splash 'We had good gossip': Courtney Love reveals unlikely friendship with Hillary Clinton... after meeting as they got their hair cut at same salon They met in 1988 'Being right sucks': The Simpsons poke fun at themselves in opening credits of first episode since Trump's election after predicting his presidency 16 years ago Young And The Restless star Corey Sligh, 28, arrested for molesting a girl under the age of 10 in Georgia The arrest took place on October 14 in Georgia Pretty as a petal! Jaime King looks ultra feminine in romantic lace gown at intimate fashion dinner She was certainly the belle of the ball EXCLUSIVE: How Andy Cohen refused an invitation into Cher's bedroom and fuelleda feud between Mariah Carey and Jennifer Lopez Catherine Tyldesley flaunts her toned legs in skintight jeans as she presents radio show... after teasing Corrie's 'heartbreaking' Christmas storyline 'Why are you in, miss? You're a millionaire!' GBBO champ Candice Brown reveals pupils were shocked to see her return to her job as a PE teacher after win Off-duty beauty: Lottie Moss goes make-up free and rocks a casual outfit as she jets out of Barcelona after a girls' weekend  Bare faced chic She's a peach! Adriana Lima flaunts her lean bronzed limbs in pretty floral mini dress as she shops in Miami  Turned sidewalk into her catwalk Nick Knowles moves into estranged wife Jessica's home following 'traumatic' split 11 months ago... after admitting they 'are working through things' 'I've NEVER eaten a takeaway': Mary Berry shares her biggest foodie secrets (and reveals what husband Paul will be getting her for Christmas this year) Secrets of an A-list body: We reveal how YOU can get Mark Wahlberg's pecs The 45-year-old actor is renowned for his toned pecs LeAnn Rimes holds hands with husband Eddie Cibrian as they reunite with his ex-wife Brandi Glanville at son's soccer match Families united Ola Jordan keeps her lace dress ON as she sets up camp in I'm A Celeb... as jealous husband James warns about hitting on his 'firecracker' 'He has never taken responsibility for her': I'm A Celebrity's Larry Lamb 'has a secret daughter who he had at 21... and hasn't seen for 46 years'  'She just didn't even try': Former I'm A Celeb winner Charlie Brooks calls out Helen Flanagan for being 'the worst' campmate at bushtucker trials 'I don't know if it was dancing or a seizure': Cheeky Robbie Williams gives mother-in-law Gwen harsh critique as she dances to Pray on Loose Women Jesy Nelson is seen without her engagement ring AGAIN during Sydney trip... as speculation heightens over 'split' from fiancé Jake Roche PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Hilary Duff shows off her fit figure in a skimpy bikini while on holiday with boyfriend Jason Walsh in Puerto Vallarta  Feeling the heat 'There's so much I wish I could thank him for, just one last time': Leonard Cohen's son writes emotional tribute to his father following his death aged 82 Did Kendall Jenner quit Instagram? Model's account no longer available after ballerina outrage Following Kim's lead and taking a break? Jailed Apollo Nida set to return to Real Housewives Of Atlanta with his new FIANCEE (but what will Phaedra Parks say?) Serving eight years Millie Mackintosh shows off her abs in a berry bikini as she models for boyfriend Hugo Taylor's sunglasses line in Mauritius Wish you were here? Final plans for Leonardo DiCaprio's ultra-luxury private eco resort on 104-acre island off Belize are released  Bought in 2005 'It's been challenging, but like Alan Partridge, I'm bouncing back': Tony Blackburn opens up about returning to BBC radio months after being sacked  'She should be ashamed of herself!' Sharon Osbourne is slammed on Twitter as X Factor fans accuse her of changing her mind at the last minute In need of a drink? Simon Cowell clutches a bottle of beer as he leaves The X Factor with Lauren Silverman after Honey G survives ANOTHER week Getting the after-party started! Dita Von Teese, Dominic Cooper and Ophelia Lovibond let loose at the Evening Standard Theatre Awards Madonna's age gap... between her face and hand: Wrinkled mitts give away the singer's age as she attends UFC bout in New York  Unable to disguise age Chic Julia Roberts is every inch the stylish soccer mom in low-key skinny jeans and a hat as she cheers on her kids Low-key superstar 'You could bleed to death': Kris Jenner warns Kim Kardashian about seeking third natural pregnancy on KUWTK Hard to take in Chrissy Teigen oozes retro glamour in a super-plunging Seventies-style jumpsuit as Fergie goes for a sheer mini at intimate fashion dinner Lindsay Lohan at the centre of a battery case as 'two Russians assault a man accused of spreading rumours about her' More drama The People v OJ Simpson leads the way with six Critics' Choice Awards nominations... as Game Of Thrones gets five Booty-ful day at the beach! Larsa Pippen shows off her fit figure in plunging white swimsuit while sunbathing in Miami Kim K's BFF A head for heights! Carol Vorderman leads the way as she conquers terrifying 300ft walk above city in I'm A Celebrity's first Bushtucker Trial   Ultimate flashing champion! Newly-single Bella Hadid shows off her bra in sheer top as she goes hell for leather on way to Conor McGregor fight EXCLUSIVE: 'I didn't want to leave the house': Frankie Essex says fitness helped her combat depression... as she reveals remarkable weight loss in a bikini 'Who is voting for her?' Honey G faces fresh backlash as talented act Sam Lavery leaves and farcical X Factor rapper isn't even in bottom two Could she win? Wild thing! Busty Ashley James sets pulses racing in a barely-there leopard print bikini as she jets off to Malta Series of sizzling snaps Daisy Lowe misses out on Blackpool as she is voted off Strictly after a  dance off against Greg Rutherford... but Ed Balls sails through again in  Gangnam Style Khloe Kardashian posts cryptic Instagram message amid speculation she's split with new beau Tristan Thompson Over already? 'We never asked to be role models': Perrie Edwards says she feels 'pressure' to act responsibly as she joins Little Mix co-stars for sizzling photo shoot I'm a Celebrity... it's getting hot in here! Joel Dommett, Wayne Bridge and Adam Thomas flash their ripped chests in the first jungle shower of the season 'Larry Lamb for Bond!': Twitter left in hysterics as EastEnders star dives into swamp to save Scarlett Moffatt from canoe disaster on I'm A Celebrity PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Hilary buff! Ms Duff puts her sculpted physique on display in a studded bikini during Mexican holiday Let the sunshine! Biggest surprise ever': Pixie Lott reveals she's engaged to long-term love Oliver Cheshire as she shows off dazzling diamond ring on Instagram  Cruel... No not nature's predators - Sir David Attenborough. He used  'rape' of Snow Leopards to make viewers suffer in Planet Earth II, writes JIM SHELLEY  'If your ex has been an a***hole, it's nice to belittle them': Little Mix stars get candid about faking orgasms and shaming former boyfriends in song 'I thought my life would be normal': Hollywood megastar Goldie Hawn says she only ever wanted to get married, have children and run a dance school  Lily Donaldson shows off her cleavage and legs in a daring dress with thigh-high slit at star-studded Evening Standard Theatre Awards Elizabeth Hurley wows in a plunging black dress as she's joined by her very dapper son Damian, 14, for a night at the Evening Standard Theatre Awards  Still part of the family! Billie Piper wows in glam gown as she jokes with ex Laurence Fox's cousin Freddie at the Evening Standard Theatre Awards Margo Stilley flashes her lace bra and hot pants in raunchy sheer dress as she makes rare red carpet appearance at Evening Standard Awards Now James Corden turns his talents to Christmas ads! Sainsbury's enters the fray with an animated commercial featuring singing from the star In a Potter bother! Fantastic Beasts star Eddie Redmayne reveals he got grilled over wand after trying to smuggle it through customs Pucker up! Jesse Metcalfe and fiancee Cara Santana pack on the PDA at their engagement party They got engaged in August after eight years 'Thank you all so much': The X Factor's Sam Lavery shows little emotion as she is latest contestant to be voted off... after tense singing battle with Ryan Lawrie SPOILER ALERT: 'She's not mine!': Rick Grimes makes explosive revelation about 'daughter' on The Walking Dead More trouble ahead Shameless actor Jody Latham is accused of 'terrorising' a former Apprentice star in feud over his ex-fiancee  Appeared at Manchester Magistrates' Court PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Kourtney Kardashian flaunts fabulous figure in skimpy bikini on romantic getaway in Mexico with on/off beau Scott Disick Alexander McQueen's London penthouse hits the market for £8.5 million (complete with bespoke chandeliers, a dining terrace and walk-in dressing rooms)  Lea Michele shimmers in strapless dress as Kristen Bell goes sheer daring in lacy top for Christmas event in LA Black was back at glitzy event 'Wolf with rabies': Teresa Giudice continues taunting Jacqueline Laurita as fiery RHONJ reunion concludes On/off friendship  Happiest place! Singer Ashlee Simpson and hubby Evan Ross enjoy family bonding day with kids at Disneyland Happy every after  Lily James is spring chic in yellow dress and denim jacket as she is seen for first time on set of Baby Driver Filming the crime comedy in Atlanta A man cave for her Tyga? Kylie Jenner stocks a special room with Playboy magazine for 'the boys' at her Hidden Hills mansion Mags and an ashtray Unhappy birthday to you! Glum Anne Hathaway is a lady in red as she heads out for fancy celebratory dinner She had been stumping for Hillary Clinton What a whirl-wand trip! Eddie Redmayne looks exhausted as he lands in London in time for the premiere of Fantastic Beasts after debuting movie in New York Pregnant Katherine Heigl dresses her baby bump with loose fitting tank top at flea market with husband Josh Kelley Looking for baby gifts? Chic but sombre, the Duchess of Cambridge joins Camilla and Sophie Wessex at the Cenotaph on Remembrance Sunday A von Furstenberg coat  EXCLUSIVE: 'He pursued her heavily': I'm A Celeb's Lisa Snowdon 'devastated' to learn footballer ex Jay Bothroyd was married during eight-month affair 'FIRST look': Ruby Rose posts teaser of The Veronicas' new single On Your Side... which details her love story with singer Jess Origliasso  Kate Beckinsale shows off her slim figure in tight top as she attends AFI FEST in Los Angeles Always looks sensational  'He's the Trump of Strictly': Ed Balls divides viewers after Gangnam Style saves him as it's revealed he'll perform a Great Balls of Fire jive in Blackpool You must be jo-KING? EastEnders hardman Danny Dyer makes heir-larious discovery as it's revealed he is a descendant of royalty Cockney royalty Animal attraction! Make-up free Heidi Klum, 43, gets wild with leopard print at a celeb-studded fundraiser in Los Angeles Wild thing She's got some front! Rebecca Hall looks radiant in low-cut patterned dress at AFI Fest in Los Angeles The Christine star paired her unique dress  Sharp-suited Tom Hiddleston arrives at Evening Standard Theatre Awards in good spirits... amid claims Taylor Swift will sing about their breakup Corrie's Beverley Callard 'hasn't met her 11-month-old grandchild' despite living just down the road  Laura Cross made the claims against the star 'People can call me a mug but we are happy': Megan McKenna stands by reunion with Pete Wicks after sexting scandal... and no longer checks his social media 'It's very sad': Iconic soap star Eileen Derbyshire, 85, may not return to Coronation Street after 55-year run Has been absent now for 12 months 'You had me at bonjour': Make-up free Rebecca Gayheart, 45, shows off her clear complexion as she dons cheeky T-shirt at charity event Nikki Reed stuns in white off-the-shoulder patterned top as she attends ACLU dinner in LA The 28-year-old looked gorgeous as ever She's a real page turner! Actress Emma Roberts goes make-up free as she peruses a newsstand in Los Angeles Looked simply chic SPOILER ALERT: Ecstatic Gemma Winter meets lifelong crush Peter Andre as the pop star makes a cameo on Coronation Street Getting star treatment 'I feel so sorry for her': Catherine Tyldesley steps out in a wintry ensemble as she heads to a radio appearance to tease 'heartbreaking' Xmas storyline Hollywood power couple Jennifer Aniston and Justin Theroux go unnoticed in Germany... after saying he makes her feel 'completely adored' Stunning at 70! Goldie Hawn cuts a fabulous figure in silk dress as she makes an appearance ahead of her comedy show in Melbourne Back to her pre-baby best! Kim Kardashian recycles 2009 Princess Jasmine costume for fun with North She worked hard to get  back in pre-baby shape JK's fantastic new hero is just the magic we need: BRIAN VINER on the latest instalment of the Potter franchise  Plenty to say about restablishment stooges Nicole Kidman reunites with her To Die For director Gus Van Sant and co-star Casey Affleck for Variety taping Cult black comedy Coleen Rooney looks glam in an off-the-shoulder top as she enjoys a girls' night out at new Liverpool restaurant Flashed the flesh From Hollywood to Hollyoaks! Dallas star Linda Gray, 76, brings the glam to Chester in first look at her cameo in the Channel 4 soap  An unlikely arrival She's ripped! Kelly Bensimon wears torn blue jeans while out with daughter Thadeus in New York City Stepped out in New York over the weekend Michelle Keegan 'house-hunting in South Africa' as she prepares to spend eight more months away from Mark Wright for Our Girl filming Billy Bob Thornton smokes a cigarette as he touches down in LA after saying ex-wife Angelina Jolie 'seems OK' following Brad Pitt split Hailey Baldwin flaunts her bikini body in a swimsuit before planting a kiss on her female friend Model and daughter of Stephen Baldwin From Ab Flab to Ab Fab! Helen Lederer sheds eight pounds and drops a dress size in just three days after surviving on 400 calories A DAY 'It's about finding the right balance': Marion Cotillard admits she struggles to balance her professional and personal life... after denying Brad romance The good life! Ariel Winter proudly flaunts backside as she twerks in bikini during Mexican holiday with Levi Meaden and pals Continuing her holiday  Feeding the flock! Jennifer Garner and Ben Affleck provide snacks for family church as they bring their children to Sunday service At Pacific Palisades No comment! Kanye West refuses to confirm if he still plans to run for President in 2020  The 39-year-old Life of Pablo artist ignored questions Kanye West launches a new 'unpretentious' range of clothes - but a jumper will still set you back £1,745 and a T-shirt £159 A real man of the people 'You always inspire': Sylvester Stallone presents Jackie Chan with honourary Oscar... as Arnold Schwarzenegger also pays tribute 'I had a good time with dalliances': Robbie Williams jokes about making the most of his fame, how many of the Spice Girls he's REALLY slept with Swift beatz? Pop princess Taylor calls on rumoured rapper flame Drake 'to help give her music a hip-hop vibe' She reportedly wants to sound edgier Puppy love! Sofia Richie shows taut tummy as pal Cameron Dallas carries cute canine at West Hollywood store Enjoyed some dog time Miranda Kerr is the belle of the ball in an exquisite gold gown as she cosies up to sharp-suited fiancé Evan Spiegel at glittering Baby2Baby Gala Geordie Shore's Sophie Kasaei parades her sun-kissed curves on the beach after defending healthy Size 10 figure Showed off her bikini  'I'm no spring chicken': Ex-Strictly professional Ola Jordan, 34, says she's 'not body-confident' despite sneaking SIX sexy bikinis into I'm A Celeb 'I'm not having another baby, so screw you': EastEnders actress Jacqueline Jossa lashes out at cruel trolls who told her she looked pregnant 'He waited outside for her': Pregnant Amy Childs flees event after man 'threatened to punch her' Outside The Ideal Homes Show 'I only do the things I love': Mary Berry confirms filming for her own cooking show... as Bake-Off makers 'head to court over block on Channel 4 rival' 'That smile ain't nothing but a Dream!': Kris Jenner posts adorable snap of Rob Kardashian cradling his new baby girl Latest addition Jessica Alba goes casual chic as she takes her daughters to the Beverly Hills Farmers' Market She is known for her healthy lifestyle Mia Tyler announces she's expecting her first child by sharing picture of her bump First child for the artist, who is the daughter of Aerosmtih's Steven Scarlett Johansson shows off stunning curves in lilac cutaway dress at Ghost In The Shell trailer launch in Japan Glam evening Pamela Anderson cuts a chic figure as she brings MORE snacks to WikiLeaks founder Julian Assange... after he joked that her vegan treats were 'torture' Jamie Foxx has fun on set with Robert Downey Jr and Jeremy Piven as they film All-Star Weekend Revolves around two tow-truck drivers Kurves ahead! Khloe Kardashian shows off her incredible physique in a burnt orange dress as she heads to stylist Monica Rose's baby shower PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Megan Fox and Brian Austin Green take baby Journey and his older brothers on family outing Family united  'I was a bit of a b***ard': Phil Collins admits to cheating on his ex-wife, but says he was just 'following his heart' Regrets the affair 'I had nothing left to give him': Daisy Lowe falls foul of Strictly curse... as she and beau Bradley 'Frankie' Wade couldn't 'cope with the pressure' If you wannabe my mother: Ex-Spice Girl Victoria Beckham 'wants to manage her son Cruz's pop career' Thinks her experiences make her the perfect candidate Rod Stewart's rarely-seen daughter Ruby follows in her father's footsteps as she opens his tour in Liverpool The apple never falls far from the tree From Top Gear to top rear! Little Mix's Leigh-Anne Pinnock teaches Jeremy Clarkson how to twerk on the Jonathan Ross Show Awkward! GIRL ABOUT TOWN: Finally, Jeremy Clarkson is silenced - by the raging wife of Sir Shifty, Lady Green Someone who can stop the motormouth  GIRL ABOUT TOWN: Phasing out the Fogles! Prince William distances himself from Ben Fogle and his wife  Said to be fed up of Ben talking about him in public GIRL ABOUT TOWN: Doctor Who to marry Lady Rose? Besotted Matt Smith to pop the question to girlfriend Lily James by Christmas  Planning trip to New York Still the Princess of Darkness: X Factor judge Sharon Osbourne, 64, flips the bird as she leaves X Factor post-party looking a little worse for wear Outlandish behaviour Parkinson's sufferer Michael J. Fox appears to go Back To The Future with impassioned guitar solo as he leads special gig to support his charity Nicola Peltz flashes her taut abs in a crop top as she opts for an all-black look in Los Angeles Flashed a hint of her abs as she headed out Eye of the tiger, face of an angel: Ageless Madonna, 58, stuns with extremely taut appearance as she leads star-studded UFC fight crowd Kendall Jenner's hangout bar, Emma Stone's beloved salon and Jennifer Aniston's hiking spot: How to ditch the tourist traps and explore LA like a local A-Lister From Baywatch to bag watch: Giddy Kelly Rohrbach shops 'til she drops as she strains under a heavy load Made shopping look like hard work on Saturday PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Kate Upton and fiancé Justin Verlander put on a tactile display on romantic Italian vacation The 24-year-old model kept close in Florence Sheer delight! Nicole Kidman flashes her cleavage in plunging see-through gown at The Governors Awards... before slipping into classic white high-neck dress for later event 'I don't want to say!' Kris Jenner cries as her mother MJ asks her biggest fear in Keeping Up With The Kardashians Welled up on TV Getting some retail therapy! Julianne Moore and friend Laura Dern browse designer dresses at LA boutique  The 55-year-old looked to be in good spirits  'Loved it!' Kelly Clarkson takes baby Remington and daughter River to Disney World River, 2, and Remington, 7 months,  will have been delighted Danniella Westbrook sports new brunette hairdo, but STILL wears a plaster under her nose... amid reports she's suing Celebrity Botched Up Bodies Hard man Mickey Rourke, 64, proves he's a big softy at heart as muscular actor cradles beloved fluffy pooch The age-defying actor, 64, showed off his bulging biceps People wanted to kill me, says Prince Harry's girl: Meghan Markle opens up to PIERS MORGAN about dating, death threats and most embarrassing moment  Bataclan TURNS AWAY Eagles of Death Metal - who were playing when ISIS massacred 90 music fans - as the concert hall reopens a year after the attack with Sting performance Cringing Cowell! Simon is left red-faced after Dermot shares throwback picture of him with a VERY dodgy hairdo on X Factor Giving a gun show too! What happens in Vegas stays still in Vegas! Britney Spears does the Mannequin Challenge to celebrate Sin City success  Flesh-flashing Charlotte Dawson flirts up a storm with new rugby player boyfriend Matt Sarsfield as they're spotted together for the first time Trinny Woodall's 'nightmare' £300,000 divorce battle from beyond the grave: Fashion guru's bizarre High Court battle over her dead ex's debts  Get Me Out Of Here already! Scarlett Moffatt can't contain her disgust as she's forced to canoe through swampy waters in I'm A Celebrity's first grizzly challenge 'Strictly viewers are delighted to spot Mary Berry in the audience... but are reduced to tears as Judge Rinder's granddad wells up on-screen  She's got good jeans! Khloe Kardashian shows off her toned bottom...as she hits out at haters online Addressing all the criticism Frill-seeker! Slimmed-down Tina Malone shows off her TINY size six figure in black flamenco-style dress as she steps out at RTS Awards Disco fever! Leona Lewis oozes 70s glamour in corkscrew curls and plunging sequin gown as she steals the show at animal charity gala in LA Cara Delevingne flashes her abs with a sexy pin-up on her jacket... as she turns her mind to modelling following St Vincent split She had taken a step back from her modelling  Donatella Versace claims that gay male fashion designers create clothes for the 'women they want to be' rather than their customers   Female style icon Rachel Weisz is cosy beneath a bizarre woolly hat  She is famed for starring in cult classic The Mummy, but Rachel Weisz looked like she was almost embalmed  Ready to take the plunge! Ola Jordan glams up before the jungle in a low cut peachy dress as she meets her I'm A Celebrity team mates Slinky Scherzinger! Nicole shows off stunning figure in racy cut out dress on X Factor before changing into JUST a pink jacket for dinner  Chrissy Teigen and daughter Luna host baby shower for celebrity stylist Monica Rose... and Khloe Kardashian and Kris Jenner are on hand too Braided beauty! Cara Delevingne cuts a fashionable flyer in a chic bomber jacket as she touches down at LAX Eyes front, Philip! A playboy prince eyeing up the ladies? Don't worry, Ma'am - it's only a VERY impertinent scene from hit TV show The Crown  What will Ma'am think? Hugh Jackman spotted cosying up with Madonna at UFC title fight in New York  Watched Conor McGregor and Eddie Alvarez battle it out Vin Diesel and Nina Dobrev fuel the hype for xXx: Return of Xander Cage at Los Angeles fan event Diesel, 49, looked every part the action hero  Will Smith is in high spirits as he has a laugh on set for upcoming fantasy film Bright Will Smith spent his Saturday hard at work on his forthcoming fantasy thriller Bright Liquid gold! Lily Collins oozes class in backless satin gown at the Academy's Governors Awards in Hollywood Perhaps Lily Collins had her sights set on a gold statue Blue bombshell! Bryce Dallas Howard stuns at star-studded Weinstein Company party featuring Matthew McConaughey A real showstopper All-natural beauty! Jenna Dewan is pretty in pink with husband Channing Tatum at Baby2Baby Gala in Los Angeles  Had her black locks parted in the middle Kate Hudson shines in gold number as she poses with Matthew McConaughey and wife Camila at Baby2Baby Gala Sheerly amazing! Jessica Alba stuns in partially transparent black gown for star-studded Baby2Baby Gala in Los Angeles Charity that supports babies in need In the navy! Jennifer Garner is beautiful in blue as she stuns on red carpet of Baby2Baby Gala in LA The 44-year-old actress looked beautiful in blue Bella Thorne is epitome of casual chic in Daisy Dukes and snakeskin boots before slipping into crop top and ripped jeans Two different outfits 'Bonding with mommy!' Blac Chyna breastfeeds daughter Dream in newborn baby's first tweet Created an Instagram account in baby's name Blac Chyna's mother Tokyo Toni shows charitable side as she promotes food drive after second grandchild is born Tokyo Toni is feeling charitable  Pretty in pattern! Emma Stone and Michelle Williams wow in sparkling gowns for the eighth annual Governors Awards in Hollywood The actresses arrived dressed to the nines Demi Lovato holds hands with rumoured MMA fighter beau Luke Rockhold as they arrive to UFC 205 in New York It's been the worst kept celebrity couple secret for a while now Head Start to Home Cooked Get Recipes more SHARE PICTURE Copy link to paste in your message Find out more... Find out more... Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Network This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Syndication Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
Home Mail News Sport Finance Celebrity Style Weather Answers Flickr Mobile More Yahoo Search Search Mail News Home Follow us UK Yahoo Originals World Finance Sport Motoring Science & Tech Celebrity TV Movies Style Weather News Video Viral U.S. stocks slip on earnings, dollar off highs By Hilary Russ25 October 2016 Reblog Share Tweet Share View photos Traders work on the floor of the New York Stock Exchange (NYSE) in New York City, U.S., October 25, 2016. REUTERS/Brendan McDermidMore By Hilary Russ NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. stocks fell on disappointing earnings reports on Tuesday, while the U.S. dollar slipped from multi-month highs after Chancellor Governor Mark Carney cast doubt on expectations for more monetary stimulus. Oil prices fell more than 1 percent, with U.S. crude breaking below $50 per barrel for a second straight day, ahead of weekly data that could show a build in inventories. On Wall Street, nine of the eleven sectors in the benchmark S&P 500 stock index closed lower, with housing and consumer products companies among those failing to live up to forecasts on third-quarter earnings. Shares of some big names, including Whirlpool, General Motors Co, Caterpillar Inc and 3M, all lost ground. "We had a rally (Monday) and haven't been able to sustain it, due to weaker-than-expected numbers from some names," said Peter Jankovskis, co-chief investment officer at OakBrook Investments in Lisle, Illinois. He called the day's earnings report a "mixed bag" for stocks. Another third of the S&P 500 is scheduled to report earnings this week, including heavyweights Apple, Alphabet, Amazon and Boeing. The Dow Jones industrial average fell 53.76 points, or 0.3 percent, to 18,169.27, the S&P 500 lost 8.17 points, or 0.38 percent, to 2,143.16 and the Nasdaq Composite dropped 26.43 points, or 0.5 percent, to 5,283.40. The dollar was a hair lower against a basket of major currencies after touching an eight-month high. Growing expectations that the U.S. Federal Reserve would raise interest rates in December had boosted the dollar to its highest level in more than seven months against the euro and about three months against the yen. When BoE policymakers meet next week to consider whether to cut interest rates, they will "undoubtedly" take sterling's weakness into account, BoE Governor Mark Carney told lawmakers on Tuesday. "Carney's comments cast doubt on easing from Europe," said Kathy Lien, managing director at BK Asset Management in New York. Sterling slumped to its lowest level since the Oct. 7 "flash crash" but recovered some of its losses on Carney's remarks. The pound was last down 0.47 percent. In European stocks, mining companies rose 3.2 percent, lifted in part by Anglo American, up 4.55 percent after its production update. Anglo is the top-performing stock on Europe's STOXX 600 this year. The U.K.'s FTSE 100 Index extended gains, closing up 0.45 percent. Germany's DAX turned slightly lower, ending down 0.04 percent, after hitting its highest level of the year. The closely-watched Ifo survey beat expectations, a day after purchasing manager numbers had done the same. Metal prices surged, with zinc up 2.37 percent at $2,366.85, but off an earlier three-week high of $2,376. It is up nearly 60 percent from January lows on worries about shortages. Other commodity prices slipped, though, as many are priced in U.S. dollars. U.S. crude oil futures settled 56 cents lower at $49.96 per barrel, down 1.11 percent. (Additional reporting by Sam Forgione and Rodrigo Campos in New York; Editing by Nick Zieminski and Dan Grebler) Reblog Share Tweet Share What to read next TMZ Posted The Photo Of Taylor Swift Allegedly Being Groped & It's Not Okay Refinery 29 UK 10 actors who narrowly missed out on being HUGE stars Yahoo Movies UK The Obamas have found their new family home and it ain't too shabby SNAPPA News Lawyers file motion to postpone Trump University trial until after presidential inauguration International Business Times Can table tennis help treat Alzheimer's disease? Sky video The incredible winners of the 2016 Comedy Wildlife Photography awards A 'test email' was accidentally sent to 1.2m NHS staff and crashed the entire system SNAPPA Technology Madonna is age-shamed yet again. Is it time to give the singer a break? Yahoo Style UK Apprentice candidate accused of ‘horrendous racism’ in latest episode Amy Nickell Low energy prices bite deep for RWE AFP Cloud inversion over the Scottish highlands Newsflare These are the world's best airlines, based on safety and comfort Manchester United closing in on signing Arsenal ace by next summer Celeb Q&A ​Great British Bake Off winner Candice Brown talks rise to fame hello! Little Mix forced to develop 'thick skin' after criticism over looks SNAPPA Celebrity Bangladesh hopes to recover $30 million more from cyber heist Reuters Scarlett Johansson Discusses Revealing Ghost In The Shell Suit Yahoo Storytellers In pictures: Killer 7.8-magnitude earthquake rocks New Zealand Trump weighs cabinet picks and 'amended' Obamacare AFP Why Manchester United boss Jose Mourinho has fallen behind the Premier League's managerial Galacticos Yahoo Sport UK China retail sales up 10.0% on-year in October: govt AFP Latvian Grandpa Fills Pool With Coke and Drives Car Into It Storyful These are the best countries for freedom of speech Europe's top truck makers could face 100 billion euro cartel damages claim Reuters Helicopter footage shows stranded cows after New Zealand earthquake Press Association video Pictures of the week: Sheep, shrouds and stags Help Privacy Suggestions About our ads Terms By using Yahoo you agree that Yahoo and partners may use Cookies for personalisation and other purposes
Skip to search. New user? Register Sign in Help Get the News Digest app Mail Yahoo Yahoo UK & Ireland Finance Search Search web Home Currency Converter Video From The Newsroom Financial Glossary Investing Market Movers Indices Currency Investor Brexit News & Opinion My Portfolios Sign in to access your portfolios Personal Finance Loans Credit Cards Insurance Savings Mortgages Pensions Bank Accounts Money Guides Compare Products Household Property Photos Small Business Earnings All Topics Small Caps Economy Market Movers Upgrades & Downgrades Newspaper Tips Ireland RSS Feeds UK Budget 2016 Search for share prices Tip : Use comma (,) to separate multiple quotes. Learn more... Mon, Nov 14, 2016, 23:39 GMT - UK Markets closed GLOBAL MARKETS-Stocks, commodities climb as economic confidence risesReuters - UK Focus – Tue, Oct 25, 2016 13:20 BST Share 0 Tweet 0 Share0 Print Companies: Merck KGaA BNP Paribas SA Anglo American plc RELATED QUOTES Symbol Price Change 0O14.L 88.095 -1.720 BNP.PA 55.66 +0.91 AAL.L 1,175.00 +26.50 6549.TWO 22.10 +1.10 AAPL.SW 107.00 0.00 * Europe pushes higher as DAX hits year to date high * US dollar supported after solid manufacturing survey * Wall St expected to tick higher on upbeat earnings, M&A frenzy * Oil drifts lower but steel, industrial commodities on the rise By Marc Jones LONDON, Oct (Shenzhen: 000069.SZ - news) 25 (Reuters) - World markets (Xetra: 4WM.DE - news) had a swagger about them on Tuesday as upbeat economic data and signs of a revival in inflation pushed up stocks and commodity prices and kept the dollar at a nine-month high. Wall Street was set to tick higher with consumer confidence figures due and analysts already tucking into healthy-looking earnings from Procter & Gamble, General Motors (NYSE: GM - news) and drugs giant Merck (LSE: 0O14.L - news) , but also a profit downgrade from Caterpillar (NYSE: CAT - news) . Europe had been cheered as Germany's Dax hit its highest level of the year after the closely-watched Ifo survey beat expectations a day after purchasing manager numbers had done the same. The region's mining firms were the standout performers though. They hit a 14-month top as zinc surged to a five-year peak and iron ore reached its highest since mid-2014, all of which should pick up the pulse of inflation globally. "We are seeing a pick-up of economic activity against the backdrop of only one central bank - the Fed - that is likely to tighten policy and that is supporting asset markets," said CMC (Shanghai: 600327.SS - news) Markets senior analyst Michael Hewson. In foreign exchange markets, the dollar took a breather having reached its highest since early February against other top currencies as traders continued to add to the bets on a December U.S. interest rate rise . China's yuan went the other way, hitting its lowest since "offshore" trading was introduced in 2010 as Beijing nudged down official rates again. It traded as soft as 6.7882 yuan per dollar. The currency's fall of more than 1.5 percent since the end of September has stirred renewed suspicion of a possible extended slide in the yuan, even though officials have reiterated their expectations for a stable currency. But the weakness has revived memories of a shock yuan devaluation last August and another rapid depreciation early this year - falls that triggered a bout of global market turmoil. Analysts pointed out, however, that during this round of yuan weakness, global risk sentiment was holding up. "That highlights the extent to which dollar gains are unlikely to be as extended as they were (in the past)," said BNP (Paris: FR0000131104 - news) Paribas currency strategist Sam Lynton-Brown, in London. GOLDEN MINERS The cheer around the mining sector was increased further as a production update thrust London-listed giant Anglo American (LSE: AAL.L - news) 's shares up over 3 percent to take their gains this year to almost 270 percent. The staggering rise has made Anglo the top performing stock on Europe's STOXX 600 this year. In Asia, Japan's Nikkei rose 0.7 percent to close at a six-month high as a softening yen burnished the outlook for the country's exporters. Australian stocks added 0.6 percent and Taiwan (Taiwan OTC: 6549.TWO - news) 0.7 percent. Wall Street was taking encouragement from upbeat corporate results. Over one third of U.S. companies have now reported and 80 percent have beaten market expectations. Another third of the S&P 500 components are scheduled to report earnings later this week, including heavyweights Apple (Swiss: AAPL.SW - news) , Alphabet (Xetra: ABEA.DE - news) , Amazon and Boeing (NYSE: BA - news) . Merger and acquisition activity added extra fizz in the wake of AT&T Inc (Sao Paolo: ATTB34F.SA - news) 's $85.4 billion bid for Time Warner Inc (Xetra: AOL1.DE - news) , though the deal seemed destined to face stringent scrutiny from regulators. Safe-haven bonds were feeling the strain of the bullish mood elsewhere with U.S. Treasury yields up to almost 1.78 percent again and European yields creeping higher. In commodities, oil prices briefly dipped on news of the impending restart of Britain's Buzzard oilfield and Iraq's wish to be exempted from OPEC production cuts. Brent was down 5 cents at $51.41 a barrel, while U.S. crude hovered at $50.50. But going the other way were metals with zinc, nickel, copper and tin all shining and Chinese iron ore futures reaching their highest since August 2014. Coal prices also reached new peaks after weeks of gains, a prop for the Australian dollar as the two commodities are the country's biggest export earners. Another mover was the Canadian dollar which rebounded from a seven-month low after Bank of Canada Governor Stephen Poloz said the decision on whether to cut interest rates again was not one to take lightly. The comments countered recent speculation about an imminent easing and nudged the U.S. dollar down to C$1.3333 from a peak at C$1.3398. For Reuters new Live Markets blog on European and UK stock markets see reuters://realtime/verb=Open/url=http://emea1.apps.cp.extranet.thomsonreuters.biz/cms/?pageId=livemarkets (Additional reporting by Wayne Cole in Sydney; Editing by Mark Heinrich) Share 0 Tweet 0 Share0 Print What went wrong with George Osborne's stamp duty reforms - and why Telegraph - 1 hour 28 minutes ago What went wrong with George Osborne's stamp duty reforms - and why … More » - Sponsored  How Trump win failed to blow a hole in £600m sandwich deal Sky News - 2 hours 56 minutes ago The boss of the world's biggest sandwich maker has revealed how the surprisingly positive market reaction to the US election result meant it failed to "blow a hole" in its latest US deal. Patrick Coveney, chief executive of FTSE 250 listed … More » Get lost in this mesmerizing interactive map of the Milky Way Quartz - 5 hours ago With all that’s going on in the world, it’s easy to forget that we humans only occupy a tiny, tiny dot within the universe. Our planet is the third in a string of eight that revolve around our sun. Our solar system is at the edge of a galaxy called … More » Our imaginary hedge fund of “Trump trades” is making an absolute killing Quartz - 5 hours ago Nov. 14, 2016 Dear investors, Unlike many pollsters and pundits, we thought Donald Trump had a good shot at winning the presidency. So good, in fact, that we put our money on it. And yours. We are delighted to say that the first week of Trump Risk … More » - Sponsored  Big four grocers announce diesel and petrol price cuts Sky News - 5 hours ago Fuel prices are being cut at more than a thousand filling stations across the UK run by Britain's biggest supermarkets. An announcement by Asda - which said it was capping the cost of petrol at 110.7p per litre and diesel at 112.7p at its 294 … More » Stocks across Europe climbed on Monday Business Insider UK Finance - 6 hours ago Stocks across the board in Europe climbed on Monday, taking a leg higher as markets continue to digest Donald Trump's shock election win last week, and adjust to a more conciliatory and level-headed approach than many had expected from Trump in his … More » Rolls-Royce transfers pensioners to L&G in £1.1bn deal Telegraph - 7 hours ago Rolls-Royce transfers pensioners to L&G in £1.1bn deal … More » - Sponsored  Rolls-Royce spends £1.1bn to transfer pensioners to L&G Telegraph - 7 hours ago Rolls-Royce spends £1.1bn to transfer pensioners to L&G … More » Petition calling for shops to close on Boxing Day passes 125,000 signatures Yahoo Finance UK - 7 hours ago Created last month by baker Ian Lapworth, it urges prime minister Theresa May to bar shops from opening their doors on what is for many a public holiday. Writing on Change.org, he says that while not everyone sees Christmas as a religious holiday, … More » See inside the luxurious £8.5 million Mayfair penthouse of late British designer Alexander McQueen 7 hours ago Fashion king Alexander McQueen dreamed of transforming this west London penthouse into a glamorous home but died before it could come to fruition. Now, following a 16 month project, the Mayfair duplex has been renovated by international design house … More » - Sponsored  Pension Freedoms Scrapped by New Chancellor Morningstar UK - 7 hours ago In the four months since she became Prime Minister, Theresa May and her Chancellor Philip Hammond have quietly ditched a number of key economic policies championed by their predecessors. Most notably – and within 24 hours of taking office – was the … More » The pound is tumbling Business Insider UK Finance - 7 hours ago Donald Trump’s pro-growth stimulus plans, even before specific detail is known, are creating a massive re-think across financial markets. The move in US yields has seen the dollar rip higher in response with the US dollar index up more than 1%, … More » This $30 billion hedge fund thinks that the EU could be close to a 'very painful' unravelling Business Insider UK Finance - 8 hours ago Executives at Elliott Management, a near $30 billion US-based hedge fund, say that the European Union could end up undergoing a "very painful" unravelling in the coming years, and Brexit is just a symptom of a wider discontent that threatens the … More » - Sponsored  'Two-thirds' of firms see rise in sales, says Profit Watch Sky News - 9 hours ago Things are looking up again for many of the UK's largest companies after a period of falling profits, according to research. Profit Watch UK says two-thirds of reporting firms registered a rise in sales over the three months between July and … More » Fight to restrict second home ownership in picture postcard Cornish towns gathers pace Yahoo Finance UK - 9 hours ago Moves to restrict second home ownership in picture postcard districts of Cornwall are gathering pace. A cluster of parishes have banded together to try to limit the number of wealthy people from outside the area buying up new builds as holiday … More » Tesco and Asda announce diesel and petrol price cuts Sky News - 9 hours ago Tesco (Frankfurt: 852647 - news) and Asda are cutting fuel prices at hundreds of filling stations across the UK. Asda said it was capping the cost of petrol at 110.7p per litre and diesel at 112.7p at its 294 stations from Tuesday. Tesco, … More » - Sponsored  Is the Corporate Bond Bubble About to Burst? Morningstar UK - 10 hours ago Rising government bond yields have sparked fears that a bubble in corporate bonds could burst soon. US Treasury yields rose following the news of Republican Donald Trump’s surprise victory in the US election, as investors anticipated the potential … More » Business investments worth £65.5bn abandoned after Brexit vote Sky News - 11 hours ago A third of British businesses either cancelled or postponed plans to invest following the UK's decision to leave the European Union. Overall, one third of UK companies chose not to invest. Some 21% said the uncertainty surrounding Britain's future … More » Why bigger is better when it comes to buying festive chocolates Yahoo Finance UK - 11 hours ago Everyone loves a chocolate or two at Christmas but shoppers are being warned that some treats could leave a bitter aftertaste. … More » - Sponsored  Smaller Christmas chocolate boxes can cost double, says Which? study Sky News - 11 hours ago Choosing the smaller pack of Christmas chocolates could cost you twice as much this festive season, according to research from consumer watchdog Which? It looked at how much supermarkets charge for festive favourites such as Quality Street, Cadbury … More » French insurance giant Axa sells off Bluefin brokerage as UK disposals continue Telegraph - 12 hours ago French insurance giant Axa sells off Bluefin brokerage as UK disposals continue … More » Ask James: How can I start up a business again from scratch with a small income? Yahoo Finance UK - 12 hours ago More than one in three entrepreneurs thinks about starting a business every day, but 78% say they are afraid they’ll fail. Starting up again takes every bit of drive and determination to make it happen. … More » Loft-style living in the heart of trendy north London - yours for £895,000 12 hours ago Squeezed between a Victorian villa and an Edwardia-era school, this striking new build has raised a few eyebrows. The narrow property is head and shoulders above its neighbours. It comprises of just six units: two three-bedroom maisonettes, three … More » This is the worst year for IPOs of US companies since the Great Recession Quartz - 12 hours ago American companies just aren’t going public like they used to. Only 49 companies headquartered in the US had completed public offerings through the third quarter, raising a combined $7.2 billion, according to data recently released by … More » China won’t buy Boeing planes, iPhones, or US corn if Trump starts a trade war, a state tabloid says Quartz - 13 hours ago US president-elect Donald Trump spent a lot of time China bashing on the campaign trail, labeling China a currency manipulator, accusing it of stealing jobs from the US, and threatening high tariffs on Chinese goods. But during his first interaction … More » - Sponsored  Show More Market Data Currencies Currencies Name Price Change % Chg GBP to USD 1.2514 +0.0018 +0.15% GBP/USD GBP to EUR 1.1644 +0.0013 +0.11% GBP/EUR GBP to JPY 135.4400 +0.112 +0.08% GBP/JPY More Currencies » Commodities Commodities Name Price Change % Chg BrentCrude 44.69 -0.06 -0.13% Brent Crude Oil Last Day Financ Gold 1,222.50 +0.80 +0.07% Gold Dec 16 Silver 16.92 +0.03 +0.16% Silver Dec 16 Copper 2.52 0.00 -0.06% Copper Dec 16 More Commodities » TOP TRADING PROVIDER Trade now Create account for free with the No.1 spread betting and CFD provider. Losses can exceed deposits. More » Featured Content Ask James: How can I start up a business again from scratch with a small income? Yahoo Finance UK - 12 hours ago Here's a sneak peek of Leonardo DiCaprio’s eco-resort in Belize Yahoo Finance Canada - Thu, Nov 10, 2016 17:26 GMT Sponsored  View Photos These are the best countries for freedom of speech Fri, Nov 11, 2016 13:42 GMT Are you buying into the 'Trump dividend?' asks - Zak Mir feed_manager_auto_publish_494--autopubtest_WPTUMBLR_485 - Thu, Nov 10, 2016 13:24 GMT View Photos Checking in: Unique Airbnb picks of the week Tue, Nov 8, 2016 19:08 GMT 'You'd think after 53 years in the City, I would have experienced everything, not so'- says David Buik Yahoo Finance UK - Fri, Nov 11, 2016 11:57 GMT Sponsored  16 giant infrastructure projects that could reshape the world Business Insider - Mon, Nov 7, 2016 16:23 GMT View Photos The top 12 cities with the best reputations in the world Mon, Nov 7, 2016 12:58 GMT Ask James: How do I get people to pay me on time? Yahoo Finance UK - Mon, Nov 7, 2016 14:39 GMT 'The stench of fear from political uncertainty could damage global growth and equity markets' - analyst David Buik Yahoo Finance UK - Mon, Nov 7, 2016 14:41 GMT Yahoo UK & Ireland Finance Home Investing Brexit News & Opinion My Portfolios Personal Finance Property Small Business Also on Yahoo Answers Cars Games Lifestyle Movies News Celebrity Sport TV Travel All Yahoo Services » Help / Suggestions Privacy Terms Quotes are real-time for NASDAQ, NYSE, and NYSEAmex when available. See also delay times for other exchanges. Quotes and other information supplied by independent providers identified on the Yahoo! Finance partner page. Quotes are updated automatically, but will be turned off after 25 minutes of inactivity. Quotes are delayed at least 15 minutes. All information provided "as is" for informational purposes only, not intended for trading purposes or advice. Neither Yahoo! nor any of independent providers is liable for any informational errors, incompleteness, or delays, or for any actions taken in reliance on information contained herein. By accessing the Yahoo! site, you agree not to redistribute the information found therein. Fundamental company data provided by Capital IQ. Historical chart data and daily updates provided by Commodity Systems, Inc. (CSI). International historical chart data and daily updates provided by Morningstar, Inc. Yahoo! - News Network
ActionNewsJax.com LIVE http://www.actionnewsjax.com/cmg-main-theme/css ActionNewsJax.com Sign in Sign Out Member Center Register SIGN IN Sign in using your wjax profile {* #userInformationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* traditionalSignIn_password *} Remember Me Forgot password? {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} {* /userInformationForm *} Need a profile? Register now. OR Sign in with: {* loginWidget *} Sign Up / Sign In Welcome Back {* welcomeName *} {* loginWidget *} Use another account Sign Up / Sign In Welcome back. Please sign in {* #userInformationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* traditionalSignIn_password *} {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} {* /userInformationForm *} Use another account You're Almost Done! Please confirm the information below before signing in. {* #socialRegistrationForm *} {* socialRegistration_displayName *} {* socialRegistration_emailAddress *} *Indicates Required Field {* backButton *} {* socialRegistration_signInButton *} {* /socialRegistrationForm *} REGISTER Already have an account? Sign In *Required {* #registrationForm *} {* registration_firstName *} {* registration_lastName *} {* traditionalRegistration_emailAddress *} {* registration_postalZip *} {* registration_birthday *} {* traditionalRegistration_password *} {* traditionalRegistration_passwordConfirm *} {* traditionalRegistration_displayName *} By submitting your registration information, you agree to our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy. {* createAccountButton *} {* /registrationForm *} Thank you for registering! We have sent a confirmation email to {* data_emailAddress *}. Please check your email and click on the link to activate your account. Thank you for registering! We look forward to seeing you on [website] frequently. Visit us and sign in to update your profile, receive the latest news and keep up to date with mobile alerts. Click here to return to the page you were visiting. Create a new password Don't worry, it happens. We'll send you a link to create a new password. {* #forgotPasswordForm *} {* forgotPassword_emailAddress *} {* backButton *} {* forgotPassword_sendButton *} {* /forgotPasswordForm *} Email sent We have sent you an email with a link to change your password. {* mergeAccounts *} Sign in to complete account merge {* #tradAuthenticateMergeForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* mergePassword *} {* backButton *} {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} {* /tradAuthenticateMergeForm *} Why are we asking this? We collect zip code so that we may deliver news, weather, special offers and other content related to your specific geographic area. Thanks for verifying your email address Edit your profile Resend Email Verification Sorry we could not verify that email address. Enter your email below and we'll send you another email. {* #resendVerificationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* submitButton *} {* /resendVerificationForm *} Resend Email Verification Click submit to receive another verification email {* #resendVerificationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* /resendVerificationForm *} Your Verification Email Has Been Sent Check your email for a verification link Close 12386682 Home 12386742 News Hurricane Matthew County by County Weird Florida Nation & World Politics Skyvision Action Button Links Download News App 12386688 Weather First Alert Doppler HD 7-Day Forecast Weekend Forecast Hour by Hour Talking the Tropics Hurricane Center Buresh Blog Interactive Radar Sky Cams First Alert Wx App Weather Photos 12386748 Traffic Gas Prices First Alert Traffic Twitter 12386964 Watch Watch Live Stream Watch Latest Newscast Video Social Media Photo Galleries Action News Jax Sunday 15413233 Investigates Restaurant Report Predator Alert 12386760 Sports Action Sports Jax Jacksonville Jaguars Friday Night Blitz Georgia - Florida Game SEC Sports ACC Sports Dream 18 Fight for the Fedora 12386850 Family Focus Community Calendar Light the Night American Red Cross MSABC BIKE MS Feeding NEFL Sea and Sky 166575486 About Us Action News Jax Team What's On WJAX-TV Get TV MeTV on MyTVJax Talent Appearances Submit Events Contact Us Jobs at Cox Millennials at CMG 417767243 Local Solutions 166656945 Home for Good Jax 166650644 Jax Dream Home Pros 413973870 Zika virus in Florida More Merck breezes past 3Q profit expectations, raises forecast by: LINDA A. JOHNSON, AP Medical Writer Updated: Oct 25, 2016 - 11:38 AM Twtter KENILWORTH, N.J. - Higher sales of vaccines and prescription medicines, coupled with restrained spending, helped Merck & Co. post a 20 percent jump in third-quarter profit, trouncing Wall Street expectations. The maker of Januvia diabetes pills raised and narrowed its 2016 financial forecasts, but noted some headwinds, including the start of U.S. generic competition to three drugs by year's end. Its shares edged higher in midday trading Tuesday. The second-biggest U.S. drugmaker is in transition, with revenue from older products such as immune disorder treatment Remicade and the Dulera asthma inhaler leveling off or falling amid increased competition. But sales are building for drugs launched since 2014, particularly immuno-oncology drug Keytruda and hepatitis C-curing Zepatier. Meanwhile, Zinplava for preventing recurrence of life-threatening C. difficile infections was approved Friday in the U.S., and Merck plans to apply soon for approval of experimental diabetes drug ertugliflozin and additional uses for Keytruda, its newest blockbuster, with more than $1 billion in sales over the past four quarters. In addition, chief executive Ken Frazier told analysts during a conference call that deals to boost Merck's pipeline of experimental drugs, with a focus on small -to-midsized assets that fit well within its business, are a priority. He noted Merck is calling attention to the innovation of its medicines amid the U.S. political furor over soaring drug prices. "We don't think these environmental pricing pressures will ease," Frazier said. Merck reported net income of $2.18 billion, or 78 cents per share. Adjusted for one-time gains and costs, earnings came to $1.07 per share, eclipsing the 98 cents analysts expected. The Kenilworth, New Jersey-based drugmaker reported revenue of $10.54 billion, up 5 percent and above Street forecasts for $10.24 billion. Sales of prescription drugs rose 6 percent to $9.44 billion, led by higher sales for Keytruda, cholesterol pill Zetia, drugs used in hospitals and Gardasil and other vaccines. Top seller Januvia and combination drug Jamumet, for Type 2 diabetes, saw sales dip 1 percent to a combined $1.56 billion. Sales of cholesterol medicines Zetia and Vytorin, which should face generic competition by year's end, edged up 1 percent to $944 million. Antibiotic Cubicin also is getting generic competition this quarter. Gardasil, a vaccine against cancer-causing human papilloma virus, saw sales jump 38 percent to $860 million, boosted by a higher U.S. price for a new version that protects against more strains of HPV, higher U.S. demand and purchases by government health programs. Children's vaccine Proquad also benefited from U.S. health program stockpiling, raising sales 28 percent to $496 million. Keytruda, one of the hot new cancer drugs that work by boosting the immune system to fight tumors, posted sales of $364 million, up 124 percent. Late Monday, the immuno-oncology drug won U.S. approval - two months ahead of schedule - for using Keytruda in bigger patient groups, including those newly diagnosed with lung cancer. Cancer drugs typically are approved initially for use after multiple other drugs have failed patients, then gradually allowed to be used earlier in treatment. Keytruda is already approved as a second-line treatment for lung cancer and for melanoma and head and neck cancer. It's being tested in about 300 patient studies, alone and combined with chemotherapy or other immuno-oncology drugs. "We are excited by the long-term potential of Keytruda against many different tumor types," pharmaceutical marketing head Adam Schechter told the analysts. Sanford Bernstein analyst Dr. Timothy Anderson wrote to investors that the early approval "helps cement the product's lead versus competitors in the large lung cancer market," which should further raise Keytruda sales. Sales of veterinary medicines rose 5 percent to $865 million, driven partly by the Bravecto line of flea and tick products. Merck now expects full-year earnings of $2.02 to $2.09, up from its July forecast of $1.98 to $2.08, and revenue of $39.7 billion to $40.2 billion, up from $39.1 billion to $40.1 billion. In midday trading, Merck shares rose 74 cents, or 1.2 percent, to $61.49 as the broader markets declined. Merck shares have risen more than 16 percent over the past year. _____ Follow Linda A. Johnson at www.twitter.com/LindaJ_onPharma Copyright 2016 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed. Twtter Merck breezes past 3Q profit expectations, raises forecast Social worker, boss charged in death of Detroit 3-year-old The Latest: Pipeline company spokesman urges final approval Army Corps wants more study on Dakota Access oil pipeline Nephew in 'Making a Murderer' ordered released News Local News National/World News Video Traffic First Alert Weather Interactive Radar First Alert Doppler HD Advertisers & Sponsors Cars at Autotrader Local Services at Kudzu Valpak Jacksonville Coupons About Us About WJAX/WFOX What's on CBS47/ FOX30 WFOX Public File WFOX EEOC Statement WJAX Public File WJAX EEOC Statement Jobs © 2016 Cox Media Group. By using this website, you accept the terms of our Visitor Agreement and Privacy Policy, and understand your options regarding Ad Choices. Learn about careers at Cox Media Group.
PMGroup PME Communiqué The Directory Quality in Care How to Advertise Privacy and cookies My Account Register Please login to the form below Not currently logged in Email: Password: I have forgotten my password PME Communiqué The Directory Opening up market access Advanced search Home News Intelligence Thought leadership Appointments Awards Blogs Clinical Top Pharma List PMHub Jobs News Research Sales Marketing Regulatory Healthcare Jobs and recruitment Trending AstraZeneca's durvalumab trial Novartis biosimilar sales Lilly's solanezumab results in Alzheimer's Remicade-biosimilar switch trial PMEA 2016 finalists GSK's blockbuster hopeful Shingrix filed in US Clinical data showed shingles vaccine had 90% efficacy in elderly patients GlaxoSmithKline has filed its Shingrix vaccine candidate for the prevention of shingles in the US, and says applications in the EU and Canada will follow before year-end. The vaccine is thought to be one of the brightest spots in GSK's near-term pipeline, with clinical data showing it is more effective in preventing shingles in older people than Merck & Co's older vaccine Zostavax. Shingles is a painful infection caused by varicella zoster virus (VZV), the chickenpox virus. While the immune system can generally shake off the symptoms of chickenpox, the virus lies dormant and if a person becomes immune-suppressed can reawaken, resulting in painful skin lesions. It is increasingly common with advancing age. GSK is hoping that Shingrix' efficacy profile means it will meet and exceed sales of Zostavax, which brought in $750m for Merck last year. Last month, the UK pharma group reported clinical data showing that Shingrix had 90% efficacy in elderly patients, with the vaccine still providing protection four years after it was administered. In contrast, Zostavax' efficacy is generally between 18% and 70% and is known to decline in older people. GSK is hoping that increased efficacy means it will be favoured ahead of Zostavax and also drive up vaccination rates against shingles, which remain relatively low. "Shingles is a common and potentially serious condition [and] can cause lasting pain and other complications such as scarring or visual impairment," said GSK's head of vaccines R&D Dr Emmanuel Hanon. "The risk of developing shingles increases with age and it is estimated that up to one in every three people is at risk." GSK needs Shingrix and other new products in its pipeline to deliver as it copes with increased competition in its respiratory business and the loss of patent protection for blockbuster asthma and chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD) drug Seretide/Advair (salmeterol and fluticasone propionate). Other important new products for the company include interleukin-5 inhibitor Nucala (mepolizumab) for severe asthma, sirukumab for rheumatoid arthritis, daprodustat for anaemia and HIV drug cabotegravir, a new product cycle that GSK says will add £6bn to its revenues by 2020. Please enable JavaScript to view the comments. Article by Phil Taylor 25th October 2016 From: Regulatory Share  Print Friendly Tags Related content Back to the future GSK's Bexsero vaccine growing fast, despite "tight" supply Opening up innovation Infographic: The vaccine opportunity in Asia After delay, Merck gets US approval for serious infection drug Related Hub content Infographic: The vaccine opportunity in Asia Case Study: Private market opportunity for a travel vaccine Exploring the Opportunity For Halal In Healthcare PME Digital Edition Featured jobs Scientific Director- Immuno Oncology Specialist - Med Comms (Lon... Neg Account Director – Medical Communications Salary TBC New Business and Marketing Manager, circa £50K, Healthcare Commu... Excellent Package SAE & Account Manager - Victoria – Healthcare Advertising Salary TBC Account Director – Med Ed – Publications Salary TBC Managing Director, Healthcare PR, London Excellent Package SINGAPORE - Senior or Principal Medical Writer Opportunity - Med... D.O.E Editor, Medical Communications, London Competitive Salary PR Associate Director – Healthcare PR – London Salary TBC Chief Operating Officer – Medical Education – London Salary TBC Pharma/ Life Sciences - Social / Digital Account Director Industry leading package and bens Senior Account Manager / Jr AD - Consumer & Prescription – H... Salary TBC Healthcare PR Innovator, London Excellent Package Client Lead, Consumer Health & Wellness, South East UK Excellent Package Creative Team – Mid-weight & Senior Art Director & Senio... SUPERB PACKAGES AVAILABLE Senior Account Manager – Medical Education – Boutique Agency Salary TBC SYDNEY BASED ROLE - Senior Account Director – Associate CSD - Me... D.O.E Director of Strategy/ Scientific Services – Full Home working, E... Neg Account Director, Healthcare PR, London Excellent Package Deputy Managing Director, Medical Communications, South East UK Excellent Package Medical Writer, Healthcare Education Design & Development, L... Competitive Salary Subscribe to our email news alerts Most read Most shared Latest content Pharma stocks rise after Donald Trump's election win Siemens' healthcare unit to become standalone business Pfizer’s first-in-class breast cancer therapy wins EU licence NICE backs Novartis' Afinitor and Pfizer's Xalkori Pfizer to shut down two UK manufacturing sites NICE set to knock-back Amgen's myeloma treatment Kyprolis Gilead's hepatitis B virus treatment set for European approval CHMP recommends Merck & Co's Lantus biosimilar Amgen wins European approval for Parsabiv Lilly bags EU approval for cancer treatment Lartruvo A rock and a hard place greyhealth group appoints digital strategy director PMHubAdd my company Any category... Advertising Branding Clinical research Conferences meetings events Creative and design Digital communications Homecare Industry associations IT solutions Management consultancies Manufacturing packaging logistics Market access Market research Marketing consultancies Media planning and buying Medical communications Medical education Patient support and adherence Pharmacy Print services Policy and government affairs Public relations Publishers Recruitment and career development Regulatory affairs Research and development Sales Training Translation services Nitro Digital Nitro Digital is an award-winning full service digital marketing agency focused on the life science sector. We offer a strategic... Latest intelligence Are we harnessing the full emotional power of brand creativity? Creative Director Damien Parsonage breaks down the common misconception that pharma and healthcare marketing for healthcare professionals ought to be entirely scientific and rational. Brands are powerful; here's how to... Opinion piece: Personalisation – the future of medical education Alex Goonesinghe, Research Manager, and Nigel Campbell, Multichannel Communications Director, share their thoughts on the growing trend towards personalised medical education.... Rethinking pharma communications Guide: How do you adjust your communications to the new multichannel and multi-stakeholder environment?... Quick links Country reports Digital Handbook The Gallery Healthcare glossary How to advertise HTA guidance tracker Orphan drugs and rare diseases PME supplements Social media hub Webinars Infographics Multimedia<> Webinar: Customer engagement design Communiqué Awards 2015: Winners in pictures Communiqué Awards 2015: Gallery PMEA 2015: Winners in pictures PMEA 2015: Pictures About us Contact us How to advertise Site map All content copyright © PMGroup Worldwide Ltd 2016
Search Newsletters Crossword Notices My Account Subscribe Sign In Menu The Irish Times Mon, Nov 14, 2016 Sign In Welcome The Irish Times News Sport Business Opinion Life & Style Culture More Video Podcasts Executive Jobs Search Subscribe My Account Sign In News Science US Election Ireland World Politics Crime & Law Social Affairs Health Education All News Ireland Irish News World UK Europe US Africa Middle East Asia-Pacific Politics Oireachtas Poll Election 2016 Assembly Election Crime & Law Social Affairs Religion & Beliefs Health Education Student Hub Courts Irish Times Data Environment Science Consumer Offbeat In Depth Specials Brexit US Election Terror attacks 1916 Podcasts Inside Politics World View Subscriptions ePaper Newspaper Archive By using this website, you consent to our use of cookies. For more information on cookies see our Cookie Policy. X Department of Health urges parents to ensure their daughters receive the HPV cervical cancer vaccine Use of the vaccine ‘could eliminate nearly 90 cervical cancer deaths a year and the need for 280 women a year to undergo treatment for the disease’ Tue, Oct 25, 2016, 12:00 Dick Ahlstrom A girl getting vaccinated against HPV. Photograph: Joe Raedle/Getty Images         Sometimes a decision really is a matter of life or death. Deciding whether your child should take a vaccine is just such a decision, one that can have a profound impact on their lives. People are familiar with the controversy over the measles-mumps-rubella (MMR) vaccine. A vaccination programme was bringing the measles infection rate down sharply until a UK scientist claimed the vaccine was linked to autism. This happened in 1998 and although the research later proved to have been falsified, too many parents still resist MMR vaccination nearly 20 years later, leading to unnecessary deaths. History now seems to be repeating itself, as the number of parents allowing their young teenage daughters to be vaccinated against cervical cancer declines. The human papillomavirus or HPV is a known cancer-causing agent that accounts for virtually all of the cervical cancer cases that occur here, according to Dr Robert O’Connor, head of research at the Irish Cancer Society. Full use of the vaccine could eliminate nearly 90 cervical cancer deaths a year and the need for 280 women a year to undergo treatment for the disease. The vaccine used here is Gardasil produced by Merck. There is a similar vaccine Cervarix sold by GlaxoSmithKline. “We had a very successful HPV vaccination programme launched in 2010 and with an immunisation target of 80 per cent,” says Dr Brenda Corcoran, a consultant in public health medicine and the head of the HSE’s National Immunisation Office. “We increased uptake to 87 per cent during the 2014-15 campaign. Everything was going very well and parents were consenting to their children getting the vaccine. Then, about 2015, uptake started to decline and we were getting more refusals. The final figures aren’t out but they are unlikely to change from an estimated 70 per cent.” The sudden fall has caused great concern among Irish health officials given the direct link between cancer risk and vaccination. ADVERTISEMENT The World Health Organisation also expressed its concern, asking Ireland to attend a meeting in Copenhagen where it was to discuss falling vaccine uptake figures being seen in Denmark. HPV vaccination would have brought Ireland quickly back into line but that is now jeopardised by concerns over safety being raised by groups opposed to the use of the vaccine. “Groups were set up, Regret (Reaction and Effects of Gardasil Resulting in Extreme Trauma) and Irish Vaccination Awareness, both of which have concerns the vaccine causes problems for some girls,” she says. Regret has a list of more than 400 girls it says were harmed as a side effect of Gardasil. It claims the girls suffer from chronic fatigue, lethargy, autoimmune diseases, fibromyalgia and other conditions as a consequence of vaccination. Many of these conditions however are common in adolescence and are much more common at this age than in later years, Dr Corcoran says. “There have been many studies done on this. All the studies have shown the rates of these conditions in vaccinated girls is the same as in unvaccinated girls,” she says. The groups have no evidence to back up what they claim. “Certainly it is not caused by the vaccine.” Dr O’Connor concurs. “These conditions were described 100 years ago,” he says. “Unfortunately parents go on line and put in symptoms and this raises concerns about the vaccine. There is no causative association, as shown by numerous studies.” Even so more than 400 families believe the vaccine harmed their children. “We are a voluntary support group of parents. We are not anti-vaccination as we are sometimes portrayed,” says Anna Cannon, spokeswoman for Regret. The group lacks hard scientific evidence that Gardasil was the cause, but the conditions developed by the children are very real to them and their parents. “We are not out to wreck the vaccination programme, we are parents concerned about our children.” She is urging the HSE to include a full patient information leaflet in the materials given to parents. She is also asking that the HSE assess these children in case there is some unknown risk with the vaccine. “We are looking for an independent investigation of this group of girls whatever the outcome. If the vaccine impacted their health we need to establish how we can restore their health. That is a fair request,” Ms Cannon says. “We are not asking them to take the vaccine off the market.” The Department of Health continues to promote the vaccine given it reduces cancers in later life. Some have “unsubstantiated concerns” about the safety of the HPV vaccine but these have “no scientific basis”, it says. It urges parents to ensure their daughters receive the vaccine. ‘MMR is a life-saving vaccine, so too is HPV’ The use of any vaccine comes with a small risk that there will be side effects. The question is whether these risks are outweighed by the benefits of vaccination. The risks may also include death but sometimes the risks are worth taking. Polio infection can cause various degrees of paralysis and also death. Three in one million children given the polio vaccine will develop paralysis but without vaccination one in 200 children who are infected will become paralysed. Many parents blocked the MMR vaccine for their children due to health fears later proven to be false. The scare in 1998 led to a measles outbreak in Dublin in 2000 involving 1,600 cases. Three of these children died because they had not received the vaccination. The HPV vaccine also causes side effects. One in eight girls may faint a short time after the injection, a common problem when vaccinating teenage girls, says Dr Brenda Corcoran of the HSE. ADVERTISEMENT One in 10 girls will get pain or redness at the injection site. One in 100 might feel nauseous or run a temperature and one in 10,000 might develop a skin rash. The risk of a severe allergic reaction is a one in a million chance, making this a very safe vaccine. There has been constant study of these side effects since the vaccine came into use a decade ago, including by the World Health Organisation, the European Medicines Agency and the US Centres for Disease Control and Prevention. More than 200 million doses have been given and the side effects seen are the same as those seen when subjects are given a placebo vaccine. Dr Robert O’Connor of the Irish Cancer Society says HPV vaccine numbers have fallen because of undue fears. “It is like the MMR situation. MMR is a life saving vaccine.” And so too is HPV, he says.       Topics: Gardasil human papillomavirus or HPV Department of Health European Medicines Agency Irish Cancer Society World Health Organisation hard scientific evidence GSK Merck More from The Irish Times Health Hospital doctors threaten strike action as pay talks collapse Opinion Picking over the past in Northern Ireland is a waste of time and money English Soccer Bastian Schweinsteiger begins talks over move to Chicago Business Sensors help police curb gang violence in Cape Town ADVERTISEMENT ADVERTISEMENT Maths week quiz Good at maths? Can you pass our quiz?   Most Read in News 1 Who is Steve Bannon, Donald Trump’s new right-hand man? 2 Supermoon: When and where to watch rare lunar event today 3 Confidential memo reveals Irish view of UK Brexit ministers 4 Pet pooch hailed for saving boy trapped in tumble dryer 5 Woman who stole from elderly man fails to prevent deportation Never miss a story. SUBSCRIBE ADVERTISEMENT Science Columns Riddles of dark matter and dark energy may be solved Now that gravitational waves have been detected, a completely novel means of looking at the universe is emerging Neanderthal wipeout: was love or war to blame? William Reville: One theory proposes that they were assimilated into modern human stock by interbreeding A turbulent way to win $1 million Validity of equations used to model turbulence has not been proven. Can you help? Latest Ireland Gardaí issue appeals for two missing men 23:32 Standoff between Ross and Fine Gael over new laws on judges 23:18 Unmanned solar-powered boat sails from Canada to Ireland 20:39 Pet pooch hailed for saving boy trapped in tumble dryer 20:35 Woman who stole from elderly man fails to prevent deportation 20:34 Features & Opinion Sci fi and literature: how well have writers predicted the future? HSTM Network Ireland is holding a conference at DCU on the history of the future The Irish man who discovered quaternion algebra This month 173 years ago, William Rowan Hamilton had his ‘eureka’ moment as he walked along the Royal Canal The Challenger disaster: a tragedy that knocked faith in space exploration When Nasa’s shuttle exploded in 1986, killing seven, it put manned space travel in doubt Subscribe About Us Policy & Terms Subscribe Subscription Bundles Gift Subscriptions Home Delivery Irish Times Products & Services ePaper eBooks Crosswords Newspaper Archive Dating Email Alerts & Newsletters Article Archive Executive Jobs Page Sales Photo Sales About Us Advertise Contact Us The Irish Times Trust Careers Our Partners Rewarding Times MyHome.ie Irish Racing Entertainment.ie Top 1000 MyAntiques.ie The Gloss Irish Times Training Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Cookie Information Community Standards Copyright FAQs © 2015 THE IRISH TIMES For the best site experience please enable JavaScript in your browser settings Sign In Sign In Forgot Password? Don't have an account? Subscribe The ePaper eBooks Subscriber Rewards IT Sunday Email Newsletters Breaking news app My Account Newspaper Archive Crossword Club Sign Out SUBSCRIBE Mon 14/11/2016 News US Election Ireland World Politics Crime & Law Social Affairs Health Education Sport Rugby Soccer Gaelic Games Golf Racing Other Sports Women in Sport Comment Business The Economy Your Money Companies Technology Work Commercial Property Comment Opinion Editorials Letters Columnists An Irishman's Diary Opinion & Analysis Martyn Turner Life & Style Food & Drink Homes & Property Health & Family People Travel Motors Fashion Abroad Culture Books Film Music Stage Art & Design TV, Radio, Web Treibh More You are what you read eBooks Offers Jobs Family Notices Dating Competitions Video Podcasts Inside Politics World View Second Captains Business Róisín Meets Off Topic The Women's Podcast Executive Jobs Crosswords Newsletters Notices Forgot Password? Sign In Invalid email or password. Not an Irish Times subscriber? Subscribe Newspaper Archive 150 years of Irish Times journalism Crossword Club Digital Simplex and Crosaire crosswords eBooks Carefully curated selections of Irish Times writing Subscriber Rewards Exclusive offers, discounts and invitations IT Sunday Your weekly email exclusively curated for subscribers Email Newsletters Sign up to get the stories you want delivered to your inbox My Account Manage your account The ePaper An exact digital replica of the printed paper Breaking news app Our Apple and Android apps to read on the go Sign Out
Skip to content Satellite Press Releases Satellite Press Releases and News Big Pharma Focus on Building Patent Portfolio to Gain Competitive Edge in Biologics Sector For complimentary access to more information on this research, please visit: http://corpcom.frost.com/forms/EU_PR_JSchoneborn_D6AE_Oct16 “Big pharma that are keen to stay ahead of the curve have harnessed the rapid improvements in the field of biotechnology and genomics, and rolled out biologics-based drugs,” finds TechVision Senior Consultant Manmohan Singh. “Key merger and acquisition deals such as Roche-Genentech and Sanofi-Genzyme were largely driven by companies’ vision of building complementary capabilities in the area of biologics.” Roche, GlaxoSmithKline and Merck & Co. are the top three patent holders. Antibodies, peptides and vaccines are the top three biologics types, while the top three therapeutic areas experiencing the highest patent activity are oncology, infectious diseases and immunological disorders. “Yet, as biologics have proved safer and more efficient than small molecules, major pharmaceutical companies are investing greater resources in the R&D of large molecule products,” notes Singh. “With biosimilars, or follow-on biologics, production is based on reference biologics after the patents for these biologics expire.” About TechVision Frost & Sullivan’s global TechVision practice is focused on innovation, disruption and convergence, and provides a variety of technology-based alerts, newsletters and research services as well as growth consulting services. Its premier offering, the TechVision program, identifies and evaluates the most valuable emerging and disruptive technologies enabling products with near-term potential. A unique feature of the TechVision program is an annual selection of 50 technologies that can generate convergence scenarios, possibly disrupt the innovation landscape, and drive transformational growth. View a summary of our TechVision program by clicking on the following link: http://ifrost.frost.com/TechVision_Demo. About Frost & Sullivan Frost & Sullivan, the Growth Partnership Company, works in collaboration with clients to leverage visionary innovation that addresses the global challenges and related growth opportunities that will make or break today’s market participants. For more than 50 years, we have been developing growth strategies for the global 1000, emerging businesses, the public sector and the investment community. Contact us: Start the discussion Biologics IP – A Strategic Review D6AE Contact: Jana Schöneborn Corporate Communications – Europe P: +49 (0)69 77033 43 E: jana.schoeneborn@frost.com Twitter: @TechVision_FS Linkedin: www.frost.com/techvisionlinkedin http://www.frost.com  http://ww2.frost.com/research/techvision Photo – http://photos.prnewswire.com/prnh/20161025/432168   To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/big-pharma-focus-on-building-patent-portfolio-to-gain-competitive-edge-in-biologics-sector-300350468.html SOURCE Frost & Sullivan Related Links http://www.frost.com Author MarcinPosted on October 25, 2016October 25, 2016Categories Uncategorized Post navigation Previous Previous post: i4cp Study: Most Companies Unprepared to Manage Talent Risk Next Next post: Amgen To Invest In Israel-Based eHealth Ventures Search for: Search Recent Posts TEAM HEALTH MERGER INVESTIGATION ALERT – Andrews & Springer LLC Is Seeking More Cash for Shareholders of Team Health Holdings, Inc. Corporate Capital Trust announces third quarter 2016 results INTELIQUENT MERGER INVESTIGATION ALERT – Andrews & Springer LLC Is Seeking More Cash for Shareholders of Inteliquent, Inc. ADDING MULTIMEDIA Costco, GameStop and Best Buy Join Activision Blizzard to Support Veteran Hiring with Special Call of Duty®: Infinite Warfare Holiday Seasonal Items Dividend Capital Diversified Property Fund Provides Third Quarter 2016 Portfolio Update Recent Comments Archives November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 April 2016 March 2016 February 2016 January 2016 December 2015 November 2015 October 2015 September 2015 August 2015 July 2015 June 2015 May 2015 April 2015 March 2015 February 2015 January 2015 December 2014 November 2014 October 2014 September 2014 August 2014 July 2014 June 2014 May 2014 April 2014 March 2014 February 2014 January 2014 November 2013 September 2013 June 2013 March 2013 December 2012 November 2012 October 2012 September 2012 July 2012 March 2012 February 2012 January 2012 December 2011 November 2011 October 2011 September 2011 August 2011 July 2011 April 2010 March 2010 August 2009 January 1970 Categories Satellite Space Flights Uncategorized VSAT Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Partners TS2 Space Space Flights .news Satellite Press Releases Proudly powered by WordPress
About Us Contact Us Help user name password Client login:    First time user sign up Forgot your login info? Website Directory     Submit Website Search All categoriesAdvertising  GeneralAerospace  GeneralAgriculture  GeneralAirlines  GeneralAmerica - Post 9/11  GeneralApparel  GeneralApple Products  GeneralArchitectural  GeneralArchitecture  ArchitectureArt & Entertainments  Books  Celebrities  Country Music  Dance  Magazines  Movies  Museums  Music  Music Downloads  News & Talk Shows  Performing Arts  Photography  Television  Web SitesArts/Culture  GeneralAuction  GeneralAutomotive  Aftermarket  Classic Autos  Consumer Publications  General  Motorcycle & Bike  Racing  Recreational Vehicle  Repair & Service  Trade PublicationsBlogging & Social Media  Blogging & Social MediaBusiness  Advertising / Marketing  Books  Consumer Research  Direct Marketing  e-Commerce  Entrepreneurs  Finance  Franchise  Human Resources  Insurance  Investment  Management  Markets  Network Marketing  Online Marketing / SEO  Payday Loans  Public Relations  Publications  Real Estate  Retail  Stocks  Supermarkets  Women in BusinessCareers/HR  GeneralChemical  GeneralCoaching / Mentoring  Coaching / MentoringComputers  Apple Products  Databases  Games & Entertainment  General  Hosting  Instruction  Linux / GNU "Open Source"  Macintosh  Microsoft Windows PC  Operating Systems  Programming  Security  Software  Tablet PCs  UtilitiesConstruction  GeneralConsumer  Gifts and Collectibles  Hobbies  Web sites / InternetDesign  Graphic Design  Industrial  WebE-Cigarette  GeneraleCommerce  GeneralEconomy  GeneralEducation  College / University  General  Home Schooling  K-12  Post Graduate  TechnicalElectronics  GeneralEmail Marketing  GeneralEmailWire Press Releases  Press Release TipsEmployment/Careers  GeneralEngineering  GeneralEntertainment  GeneralEnvironment  GeneralEvents / Trade Shows  GeneralFinance  GeneralFood  GeneralFranchise  GeneralFraud / Identity Theft  GeneralGaming  GeneralGovernment  General  Judicial  Law Enforcement  Legislative  Local  National  Public Services  Security  State  TransportationHealthcare  GeneralHome and Family  Banking / Personal Finance  Bereavement / Loss  Home Furnishings / Interiors  Landscaping & Gardening  Marriage / Relationships  Money  Parenting  Payday Loans  Pets  Taxes  Wedding / BridalHome Schooling  GeneralHotels/Resorts  GeneralHousehold  GeneralIndustry  Aerospace / Defense  Agriculture  Apparel / Textiles  Broadcast  Construction / Building  Electrical  Food  Funeral  Healthcare  Leisure / Hospitality  Logistics / Shipping  Manufacturing / Production  Mining / Metals  Oil / Energy  Paper / Forest Products  Plumbing, Heating & AC  Print Media  Printing  Publishing  Radio  Restaurants  Tobacco  ToyInsurance  GeneralInternet/Online  GeneralLegal  GeneralLeisure  GeneralLifestyle  Beauty  Dating / Singles  Diet / Weight Loss  Fashion  Food / Beverage  Health & Fitness  Hotel / Resorts  Pastimes  Restaurants  Retirement  Travel & TourismMachinery  GeneralMaritime  GeneralMedical  Addiction  Allergies  Alternative Medicine  Asthma  Cancer  Cardiology  Chiropractic  Dental  Dermatology  Diabetes  Emergency  Family Medicine  General  General  Geriatrics  Hospitals  Infectious Diseases  Internal Medicine  Managed Care / HMO  Medical Products  Mental Health  Neurology  Nursing  Nutrition  OB / GYN  Pediatrics  Pharmaceuticals  Physical Therapy  Plastic Surgery  Psychology  Radiology / Imaging  Research  Sports Medicine  Surgery  VisionMilitary  GeneralMining/Metals  GeneralMiscellaneous  GeneralNanotechnology  NanotechnologyNon-profit  GeneralOccupational Safety  Occupational SafetyOil/Energy  GeneralOpinion / Editorial  Opinion / EditorialPaper Products  GeneralPaper/Forest  GeneralPharmaceuticals  GeneralPodcasting  Announce  Tools and ServicesPolitics  PoliticsPrint Media  GeneralPublic Utilities  Public UtilitiesPublishing  GeneralRadio  GeneralReal Estate  GeneralReligion  Christian  General  Islam  Jewish  OtherRestaurants  GeneralRetail  GeneralRSS & Content Syndication  RSS & Content SyndicationScience and Research  Science and ResearchSelf-Help / Personal Growth  Self-Help / Personal GrowthShipbuilding  GeneralSociety  African American Interests  Asian Interests  Childrens Issues  Disabled Issues / Disabilities  Gay / Lesbian  Hispanic  Mens Interests  Native American  Senior Citizens  Social Services  Teen Issues/Interests  Womens InterestSoftware  GeneralSports  Baseball  Basketball  Bicycling  Boating / Maritime  Bowling  Boxing  Fishing  Football  Golf  Hockey  Hunting  Martial Arts  Outdoors  Rugby  Soccer  Tennis  Water  Winter/SnowSports/Fitness  GeneralStocks  GeneralSupermarkets  GeneralTechnology  Biotechnology  Computer  Electronics  Enterprise Software  Games  Graphics/Printing/CAD  Hardware / Peripherals  Industrial  Information  Internet  Multimedia  Networking  Public Sector/Government  Robotics  Semiconductor  Software  Telecommunications  WebmastersTelecom  General  WirelessTelevision  GeneralTobacco  GeneralTrade  GeneralTransportation  GeneralTravel  GeneralUtilities  GeneralVolunteer  VolunteerWeather  Weather Home > News By Company > ReportsWeb.com Tweet   Anti Aging Products and Therapies - Global Market Outlook (2015-2022) The report helps in identifying and tracking emerging players in the market and their portfolios, enhances decision making capabilities and helps to create effective counter strategies to gain competitive advantage.   (EMAILWIRE.COM, October 25, 2016 ) According to Publisher, the Global Anti-Aging Products and Therapies market is accounted for $127.9 billion in 2015 and is expected to reach $237.8 billion by 2022 growing at a CAGR of 9.2% from 2015 to 2022. Factors such as increasing demand for anti-aging hair care products, rise in urbanization and per capita income, advancement in cosmetic technologies, Laser/Energy-Based Cosmetic Treatments and aging population worldwide are driving the market growth. Stringent regulatory environment and safety concerns related to anti-aging products & devices are expected to constrain the market. Emerging economies, new product development and innovations will provide an opportunity for the market to grow. Report URL: http://www.reportsweb.com/anti-aging-products-and-therapies-global-market-outlook-2015-2022 The skin lightening market is expected to grow with highest CAGR for the forecast period. The LED therapy devices segment occupies the largest share followed by lasabrasion devices market in devices segment. The product market accounts for the largest share of the overall anti-aging product and services market. North America is the leading Market for anti-aging market due to high awareness about aging. Asia Pacific market is expected to grow further followed by Rest of The Word. Some of the key players in global Anti-Aging Products and Therapies market are L'OrÃ©al SA, Merck & Company Inc, Johnson & Johnson, Allergan Inc, F. Hoffmann-La Roche Ltd, Unilever PLC, Elizabeth Arden Inc, Novartis International AG, Avon Products Inc, Henkel KgaA, Beiersdorf AG, Woodridge Labs Inc, Coty Inc., Photomedex and Solta Medical, Inc. Products Covered: -Multifunctional -Anti - stretch marks -Anti ageing -Natural or Organic -Skin Lightening Devices Covered: - Laser Aesthetic Devices -Anti-Cellulite Treatment Devices -Radiofrequency Devices -UV absorbers -LED/infrared light therapy devices -Cryotherapy Skincare Devices -Microcurrent & Ultrasound Skincare Devices -Electrosurgery Skincare Devices Request for Sample @ http://www.reportsweb.com/inquiry&RW0001322834/sample Active Ingredients Covered: -Argirelline -Vitamin C -Epidermal growth factors -Co-enzyme Q1 -Retinol -Sun Protection Factor (SPF) -Hyaluronic acid -Arbutin -Hydroquinone -kojic Acid -Licorice Extract -Vitamin B3 -Mulberry Extract -Glycolic Acid -Other Ingredients Therapies Covered: -Eye-Lid Surgery -Hormone replacement therapy -Breast Augmentation -Chemical peels -Hair Restoration Services -Gene therapy -Predictive medicine -Proteomics -Genomics -Botox -Anti-Pigmentation Therapy -Rejuvenation and dermal filler -Liposuction -Telomere based therapy -Abdominoplasty -Sclerotherapy -Injectable skin -Electrosurgery Disease and conditions Covered: -Bone and Joint Conditions -Respiratory Disorders -Cardiovascular Disorders -Urinary Incontinence -Endocrine Disorders -Sexual Dysfunction -Eye Disorders Demographics Covered: -Generation X -Baby boomers -Generation Y Inquire for Discount @ http://www.reportsweb.com/inquiry&RW0001322834/discount Regions Covered: -North America -US -Canada -Mexico -Europe -Germany -France -Italy -UK -Spain -Rest of Europe -Asia Pacific -Japan -China -India -Australia -New Zealand -Rest of Asia Pacific -Rest of the World -Middle East -Brazil -Argentina -South Africa -Egypt What our report offers: - Market share assessments for the regional and country level segments - Market share analysis of the top industry players - Strategic recommendations for the new entrants - Market forecasts for a minimum of 7 years of all the mentioned segments, sub segments and the regional markets - Market Trends (Drivers, Constraints, Opportunities, Threats, Challenges, Investment Opportunities, and recommendations) - Strategic recommendations in key business segments based on the market estimations - Competitive landscaping mapping the key common trends - Company profiling with detailed strategies, financials, and recent developments - Supply chain trends mapping the latest technological advancements About Us ReportsWeb is a one stop shop of market research reports and solutions to various companies across the globe. We help our clients in their decision support system by helping them choose most relevant and cost effective research reports and solutions from various publishers. Contact Us: Call: +1-646- 491-9876 Email: sales@reportsweb.com Contact Information: ReportsWeb.com Priya Sisodia Tel: +1-646- 491-9876 Email us This is a press release. Press release distribution and press release services by EmailWire.Com: http://www.emailwire.com/us-press-release-distribution.php. 
   Search All categoriesAdvertising  GeneralAerospace  GeneralAgriculture  GeneralAirlines  GeneralAmerica - Post 9/11  GeneralApparel  GeneralApple Products  GeneralArchitectural  GeneralArchitecture  ArchitectureArt & Entertainments  Books  Celebrities  Country Music  Dance  Magazines  Movies  Museums  Music  Music Downloads  News & Talk Shows  Performing Arts  Photography  Television  Web SitesArts/Culture  GeneralAuction  GeneralAutomotive  Aftermarket  Classic Autos  Consumer Publications  General  Motorcycle & Bike  Racing  Recreational Vehicle  Repair & Service  Trade PublicationsBlogging & Social Media  Blogging & Social MediaBusiness  Advertising / Marketing  Books  Consumer Research  Direct Marketing  e-Commerce  Entrepreneurs  Finance  Franchise  Human Resources  Insurance  Investment  Management  Markets  Network Marketing  Online Marketing / SEO  Payday Loans  Public Relations  Publications  Real Estate  Retail  Stocks  Supermarkets  Women in BusinessCareers/HR  GeneralChemical  GeneralCoaching / Mentoring  Coaching / MentoringComputers  Apple Products  Databases  Games & Entertainment  General  Hosting  Instruction  Linux / GNU "Open Source"  Macintosh  Microsoft Windows PC  Operating Systems  Programming  Security  Software  Tablet PCs  UtilitiesConstruction  GeneralConsumer  Gifts and Collectibles  Hobbies  Web sites / InternetDesign  Graphic Design  Industrial  WebE-Cigarette  GeneraleCommerce  GeneralEconomy  GeneralEducation  College / University  General  Home Schooling  K-12  Post Graduate  TechnicalElectronics  GeneralEmail Marketing  GeneralEmailWire Press Releases  Press Release TipsEmployment/Careers  GeneralEngineering  GeneralEntertainment  GeneralEnvironment  GeneralEvents / Trade Shows  GeneralFinance  GeneralFood  GeneralFranchise  GeneralFraud / Identity Theft  GeneralGaming  GeneralGovernment  General  Judicial  Law Enforcement  Legislative  Local  National  Public Services  Security  State  TransportationHealthcare  GeneralHome and Family  Banking / Personal Finance  Bereavement / Loss  Home Furnishings / Interiors  Landscaping & Gardening  Marriage / Relationships  Money  Parenting  Payday Loans  Pets  Taxes  Wedding / BridalHome Schooling  GeneralHotels/Resorts  GeneralHousehold  GeneralIndustry  Aerospace / Defense  Agriculture  Apparel / Textiles  Broadcast  Construction / Building  Electrical  Food  Funeral  Healthcare  Leisure / Hospitality  Logistics / Shipping  Manufacturing / Production  Mining / Metals  Oil / Energy  Paper / Forest Products  Plumbing, Heating & AC  Print Media  Printing  Publishing  Radio  Restaurants  Tobacco  ToyInsurance  GeneralInternet/Online  GeneralLegal  GeneralLeisure  GeneralLifestyle  Beauty  Dating / Singles  Diet / Weight Loss  Fashion  Food / Beverage  Health & Fitness  Hotel / Resorts  Pastimes  Restaurants  Retirement  Travel & TourismMachinery  GeneralMaritime  GeneralMedical  Addiction  Allergies  Alternative Medicine  Asthma  Cancer  Cardiology  Chiropractic  Dental  Dermatology  Diabetes  Emergency  Family Medicine  General  General  Geriatrics  Hospitals  Infectious Diseases  Internal Medicine  Managed Care / HMO  Medical Products  Mental Health  Neurology  Nursing  Nutrition  OB / GYN  Pediatrics  Pharmaceuticals  Physical Therapy  Plastic Surgery  Psychology  Radiology / Imaging  Research  Sports Medicine  Surgery  VisionMilitary  GeneralMining/Metals  GeneralMiscellaneous  GeneralNanotechnology  NanotechnologyNon-profit  GeneralOccupational Safety  Occupational SafetyOil/Energy  GeneralOpinion / Editorial  Opinion / EditorialPaper Products  GeneralPaper/Forest  GeneralPharmaceuticals  GeneralPodcasting  Announce  Tools and ServicesPolitics  PoliticsPrint Media  GeneralPublic Utilities  Public UtilitiesPublishing  GeneralRadio  GeneralReal Estate  GeneralReligion  Christian  General  Islam  Jewish  OtherRestaurants  GeneralRetail  GeneralRSS & Content Syndication  RSS & Content SyndicationScience and Research  Science and ResearchSelf-Help / Personal Growth  Self-Help / Personal GrowthShipbuilding  GeneralSociety  African American Interests  Asian Interests  Childrens Issues  Disabled Issues / Disabilities  Gay / Lesbian  Hispanic  Mens Interests  Native American  Senior Citizens  Social Services  Teen Issues/Interests  Womens InterestSoftware  GeneralSports  Baseball  Basketball  Bicycling  Boating / Maritime  Bowling  Boxing  Fishing  Football  Golf  Hockey  Hunting  Martial Arts  Outdoors  Rugby  Soccer  Tennis  Water  Winter/SnowSports/Fitness  GeneralStocks  GeneralSupermarkets  GeneralTechnology  Biotechnology  Computer  Electronics  Enterprise Software  Games  Graphics/Printing/CAD  Hardware / Peripherals  Industrial  Information  Internet  Multimedia  Networking  Public Sector/Government  Robotics  Semiconductor  Software  Telecommunications  WebmastersTelecom  General  WirelessTelevision  GeneralTobacco  GeneralTrade  GeneralTransportation  GeneralTravel  GeneralUtilities  GeneralVolunteer  VolunteerWeather  Weather Advertising | How to contact us | Privacy Statement | EmailWire Press Releases | Partnership Opportunities EmailWire is a press release distribution service of GroupWeb Media LLC. © Copyright GroupWeb Media LLC 2016
MM&M Facebook MM&M Twitter MM&M LinkedIn Advertise Subscribe Log in | Register Home News Agencies Data/Analytics Campaigns Commercial Corporate Legal/Regulatory Media Opinion Payers Pipeline Technology 3 health tech innovations experts say will revolutionalize healthcare As digital-health funding increases, here's how VR, nanotechnology, and 3D printing could potentially improve the value of healthcare. Health Influencer 50 MM&M and PRWeek editors convened to select 50 battle-tested pros who are changing the healthcare game. Find out if you made the list. 10 things for pharma marketers to know about Facebook and Instagram With about 70 million users in six million health-related groups, drugmakers have tremendous opportunity to reach key audiences on Facebook. Here's how. Series Top 100 Agencies Live at Cannes Pharma Report Watson Week MM&M's Guide to DTC Top 40 Transformers Events Big Data Hall of Femme Leadership Exchanges MM&M Awards Transforming Healthcare Conference Webcasts Virtual Events Resources eBooks inVision Videos Podcasts The Agency Gallery The PMD Whitepapers Careers The Glass Ceiling Upward Moves At Work With Magazine Latest Issue Issue Archive MM&M > Channel > Pipeline > New science drives biopharma interest in neurological conditions Tweet Rebecca Mayer Knutsen October 24, 2016 Therapeutic Focus New science drives biopharma interest in neurological conditions Share this content: facebook twitter linkedin google Comments Print Last January, Avanir's drug-device combo for the treatment of migraines, Onzetra Xsail, received FDA approval.  The winds of change are blowing through the neurology market, attracting attention and investment from various — and at times unexpected — corners of the biopharma industry Following a nearly decadelong sluggish period during which investment from big pharma dwindled considerably, a profound understanding of the biology behind neurological conditions is lending a refreshed air to drug development. Notably, scientists are knocking on the door of degenerative brain disorders, though sellable answers to their questions remain years away. In the wake of diagnostic innovations and a spike in the understanding of genetic sequencing, drug developers have inched closer to discovering disease-modifying therapies for Alzheimer's disease and other neurological conditions. New approaches bring with them the promises of early detection, personalized medicine, and disease modification. See also: If Roche's Ocrevus is approved, the already competitive MS market will gain another player Trinity Partners' senior partner Leslie Sandberg Orne attributes the renewed interest in CNS drug development to unmet need — and to the commercial potential that comes with it. And Will Reese, co-president and chief innovation officer at Cadient, identifies a trio of other motivating factors: emerging scientific approaches bearing new opportunities, the U.S. healthcare system demanding more efficacious and economically sound solutions, and an aging population driving the costs for care. Lee Fraser, Digitas Health LifeBrands SVP and group director, says companies feel secure in their decision to forge ahead. “Better scientific rationale and basic understanding of disease etiology can mitigate the traditional high risk and low reward in this category,” he explains. But it's not all about big pharma this time. Specialty companies, including Biogen, UCB, Sage Therapeutics, and Axovant Sciences, are all elbowing for a spot in the drug-development mix. “Much of big pharma has deprioritized CNS as development risks often exceed other therapeutic areas,” Sandberg Orne notes. INFORMED BY ONCOLOGY The neurology sector has also beefed up its brainpower, taking cues from the successes of other therapeutic categories — especially oncology and cardiology. See also: The Michael J. Fox Foundation uses Facebook to recruit Ashkenazi Jews for Parkinson's study Along those lines, AbelsonTaylor VP and account director Eric Densmore believes the use of biomarkers to customize treatments will continue to surge. In addition to discovering biomarkers inside the human body, such as protein levels and axonal damage, companies are creating technologies to identify biomarkers outside the body. According to Densmore, examples include smartphone apps that can detect abnormalities in the gait of a patient with Parkinson's disease. Researchers are also upping their investment in gene-based treatments for CNS disorders. While gene therapy has been around for years, interest has surged primarily due to safer gene-delivery methods. “Biology has become clearer in the past 10 to 15 years, giving us a better idea of when and how to intervene to slow the disease progression and, hopefully one day, prevent these conditions,” says Voyager Therapeutics CEO and president Steven Paul, MD. Voyager's Phase Ib study is investigating VY-AADC01's ability to replace aromatic L-amino acid decarboxylase (AADC), the enzyme lacking in the neurons of patients with Parkinson's that converts levodopa into dopamine. Entering a space on the heels of several gene-therapy failures, Voyager might have its work cut out for it. But Paul believes his company is barking up a different tree. “We're not trying to repair the brain or get neurons to grow back,” he explains. Rather, the methodology involves injecting viruses carrying the AADC gene into brain regions that don't normally make dopamine. Because scientists have yet to devise a drug that addresses the underlying cause of the age-related neurodegenerative disorder, approved Parkinson's drugs such as Merck's Sinemet (carbidopa and levodopa) and UCB's Neupro (rotigotine) are meant to counteract the loss of dopamine-producing brain cells. Companies like Denali Therapeutics — which recently snagged an exclusive worldwide license to develop and sell Roche/Genentech's leucine-rich repeat kinase 2 (LRRK2) inhibitors — are dreaming big on the Parkinson's front. Cynapsus Therapeutics, acquired by Sunovion Pharmaceuticals for $624 million, recently claimed FDA fast-track status for Parkinson's treatment APL-130277. ALZHEIMER's BRAIN BARRIERS Two competing theories to explain the pathogenesis of Alzheimer's disease — amyloid beta plaques and tau tangles — have driven pharma investment for years. Diagnostics progress is under way, Reese explains, especially in the development of new ways to visualize amyloid plaques to better MRI contrast agents. Biogen's aducanumab is attracting attention for its work in eliminating the amy­loid proteins responsible for damaging brain cells in patients with early-stage Alzheimer's. The experimental drug, recently granted fast-track designation by the FDA, must overcome reports of fluid buildup and bleeding in the brain. According to Sandberg Orne, the recent revelation that drugs can't undo damage already inflicted on the brain has spurred new trial designs and positive results. See also: Avanir marketing chief on selling first-in-class therapies “We're getting closer,” she says. “But the eventual approach to curing the disease will likely involve early intervention with a multi­pronged approach.” So to that end, Eli Lilly/AstraZeneca's oral BACE inhibitor AZD3293 has received fast-track status and Merck's BACE inhibitor MK-8931 has entered Phase III trials. Lilly continues to explore other mechanisms for stamping out Alzheimer's via solanezumab, which entered Phase III studies with a renewed approach following two trial flops. Industry analysts believe the first drug developer to crack the challenging Alzheimer's market will reap the rewards of commercial success — potentially billions of dollars in sales. Still, a long road lies ahead. In the meantime, market mainstays — Pfizer's Aricept (donepezil), Allergan's Namenda (memantine HCI), and Novartis' Exelon (rivastigmine) — will continue to help patients manage symptoms. [Click for a larger version of the chart.] GAINING TRACTION The $20 billion multiple sclerosis drug market is still in search of a treatment for primary pro­gressive MS. Many believe Roche's ocrelizumab may be the drug to fill that gap. Despite a few safety snags in 2015, Biogen handily leads the MS market with ­Tecfidera (dimethyl fumarate) for relapsing forms of MS. Some analysts expect its 2016 sales to grow 45.5% to $4.2 billion. Factor in the company's blockbusters Tysabri (natalizumab) and Avonex (interferon beta-1a), and it's easy to understand why Biogen has attracted more than its share of attention from would-be suitors. One-third of the small sliver of neurology drugs gaining FDA approval in 2015 fell into the antipsychotic drug category, including Alkermes' Aristada (aripiprazole lauroxil) for schiz–ophrenia and Vraylar (cariprazine) for schizophrenia and bipolar disorder. The market has grown crowded, mainly due to the revenue surge that often comes with the successful development of an antipsychotic. See also: Biogen ends Tecfidera DTC campaign, citing prescriptions Avanir Pharmaceuticals president and CEO Rohan Palekar has set his sights on growing the company into a major-league CNS player, an area he described to MM&M as the “widest open” of pharma sectors. Last January, Avanir's drug-device combo for the treatment of migraines, Onzetra Xsail, received FDA approval. On its heels, the company's AVP-786 is in Phase III trials for agitation in Alzheimer's patients and Phase II trials for depression and schizophrenia. Developed to constrict blood vessels and relieve swelling in the brain, triptans such as GlaxoSmithKline's Imitrex (sumatriptan) and Merck's Maxalt (rizatriptan) lead the acute migraine treatment market. Designed to interrupt a migraine already in progress, this class of drugs has attracted criticism for occasional ineffectiveness and side effects. Meanwhile, antibodies that block a chemical in the nervous system, calcitonin gene-related peptides (CGRP), are making waves in migraine prevention. Studies show patient improvements as soon as three days after the injection of Teva Pharmaceuticals' TEV-48125. Alder Therapeutics, Amgen, and Eli Lilly are also in the hunt. With continued trial success, these treatments are expected to launch in the next few years and may prove a boon for many. As the science piece of CNS disorders becomes clearer, leaders will need to pivot to provide a more personalized approach to support. Data and analytics are quickly emerging as means to an end. “The more data a doctor has about a patient, the more customized the treatment,” Densmore says. NEW SCIENCE, NEW APPROACH Innovations are on the horizon. In Parkinson's and Huntington's diseases, for example, small wearable adhesive sensors are being tested to collect data to measure patients' responses to treatments. “To find patients with a specific condition, data analytics techniques such as machine learning can identify patterns and characteristics that remain hidden when data are examined by human intervention,” says 81qd's EVP of data analytics, Kelly Myers. See also: Pharma companies turn to wearables to improve R&D The sector's struggle to identify patients has more far-reaching implications than just the individual's health. The patient-selection process in neurological disease trials is complicated by poor diagnostic technique, according to Fraser. “Objective measurement tools that correlate with clinical observation would be a big step forward in standardized patient inclusion and objective measurable outcomes,” he says. Reese agrees that clinical-trial protocols are creating a need to differentiate through tech integration, innovative customer service, and experiences that connect patient and HCP in more personalized care. Progress in the neurological arena will require collaboration among researchers, biopharma companies, and tech experts to advance the treatment options for these devastating diseases. From the November 2016 Issue of MMM » Share this content: facebook twitter linkedin google Comments Print Related Articles If Roche's Ocrevus is approved, the already competitive MS market will gain another player Analysts: Payers moving to address MS market as prices rise More than 400 drugs in development for neurological disorders MC10 partners with Univ. of Rochester on wearable sensor research Related Topics Commercial Multiple Sclerosis Neurology Parkinson's Disease Pipeline Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Next Article in Pipeline Merck's Keytruda wins approval in first-line lung cancer MM&M Articles Popular Emailed Recent Infographic: what information doctors need from pharma Will drugmakers get what they're looking for at this week's FDA off-label hearing? Five things for pharma marketers to know: Friday, November 11, 2016 Five things for pharma marketers to know: Wednesday, November 9, 2016 Five things for pharma marketers to know: Monday, November 7, 2016 Merck educates doctors about biosimilars, long before it will sell one in the U.S. 4 trends with the potential to change behavior in the patient journey What do physicians think about biosimilars? Novartis considers new sales model for experimental cancer therapy Boehringer Ingelheim launches gamified support program Pfizer expands humanitarian access to Prevnar 13 vaccine Five things for pharma marketers to know: Monday, November 14, 2016 Will he or won't he? Pharma speculates on President-elect Trump Pharma pushes to share off-label info with payers at FDA hearing What's Next for the FDA During the Trump Administration Tweets by @MMMnews Events Weekly MM&M Breaking News MM&M KOL White Paper MM&M News Brief MM&M Sponsored Promotion MM&M Weekly Digest The Splash from MM&M United States United Kingdom Canada Afghanistan Albania Algeria American Samoa Andorra Angola Anguilla Antarctica Antigua and Barbuda Argentina Armenia Aruba Australia Austria Azerbaijan Bahamas Bahrain Bangladesh Barbados Belarus Belgium Belize Benin Bermuda Bhutan Bolivia Bosnia and Herzegovina Botswana Bouvet Island Brazil British Indian Ocean Territory Brunei Darussalam Bulgaria Burkina Faso Burundi Cambodia Cameroon Cape Verde Cayman Islands Central African Republic Chad Chile China Christmas Island Cocos (Keeling) Islands Colombia Comoros Congo Congo (DRC) Cook Islands Costa Rica Côte D'Ivoire Croatia Cuba Cyprus Czech Republic Denmark Djibouti Dominica Dominican Republic Ecuador Egypt El Salvador Equatorial Guinea Eritrea Estonia Ethiopia Falkland Islands (Malvinas) Faroe Islands Fiji Islands Finland France French Guiana French Polynesia French Southern Territories Gabon Gambia Georgia Germany Ghana Gibraltar Greece Greenland Grenada Guadeloupe Guam Guatemala Guinea Guinea-Bissau Guyana Haiti Heard Island and Mcdonald Islands Honduras Hong Kong Hungary Iceland India Indonesia Iran Iraq Ireland Israel Italy Jamaica Japan Jordan Kazakhstan Kenya Kiribati Korea Kuwait Kyrgyzstan Laos Latvia Lebanon Lesotho Liberia Libya Liechtenstein Lithuania Luxembourg Macao Macedonia Madagascar Malawi Malaysia Maldives Mali Malta Marshall Islands Martinique Mauritania Mauritius Mayotte Mexico Micronesia Moldova Monaco Mongolia Montenegro Montserrat Morocco Mozambique Myanmar Namibia Nauru Nepal Netherlands Netherlands Antilles New Caledonia New Zealand Nicaragua Niger Nigeria Niue Norfolk Island North Korea Northern Mariana Islands Norway Oman Pakistan Palau Panama Papua New Guinea Paraguay Peru Philippines Pitcairn Poland Portugal Puerto Rico Qatar Reunion Romania Russia Rwanda Saint Helena Saint Kitts and Nevis Saint Lucia Saint Martin Saint Pierre and Miquelon Saint Vincent and The Grenadines San Marino Sao Tome & Principe Saudi Arabia Senegal Serbia-Montenegro Seychelles Sierra Leone Singapore Slovakia Slovenia Solomon Islands Somalia South Africa Spain Sri Lanka Sudan Suriname Svalbard and Jan Mayen Swaziland Sweden Switzerland Syria Taiwan Tajikistan Tanzania Thailand Timor-Leste Togo Tokelau Tonga Trinidad and Tobago Tunisia Turkey Turkmenistan Turks and Caicos Islands Tuvalu Uganda Ukraine United Arab Emirates Uruguay Uzbekistan Vanuatu Vatican City Venezuela Vietnam Virgin Islands Virgin Islands, British Wallis and Futuna Western Samoa Yemen Yugoslavia Zambia Zimbabwe Check out what's trending Healthcare Legal/Regulatory FDA Pharma Health Influencer 50 People Pricing Election Commercial More in Pipeline Merck's Keytruda wins approval in first-line lung cancer Keytruda is the first immuno-oncology drug approved to treat first-line lung cancer. If Roche's Ocrevus is approved, the already competitive ... The experimental therapy is positioned to fill a market gap in primary progressive multiple sclerosis. Drugmakers set their sights on the next potential ... A race has emerged in a new disease space estimated to be worth billions of dollars. Medical Marketing & Media Return To Top News Agencies Campaigns Commercial Corporate Legal/Regulatory Media Payers Pipeline Opinion Back Talk Beltway Insider Editor's Desk Partner Forum Private View Viewpoint User Center Subscribe About us Contact us Media Information Sitemap Ad Choices Connect With Us Newsletters Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Copyright © 2016 Haymarket Media, Inc. All Rights Reserved This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed in any form without prior authorization. Your use of this website constitutes acceptance of Haymarket Media's Privacy Policy and Terms & Conditions.
ePaper Apps Postal Delivery Photos Competitions Newspaper Archive Advertise With Us Shop Death Notices Find a... Home Job IrishExaminer Menu Home mobile Hot Topics News - Breaking News - Today's Stories - Special Reports - World - Farming - Weather - Web Archive - Newspaper Archive Sport - Breaking News - GAA - Football - Hurling - Rugby - Soccer - Racing - Golf - Others - Columns Lifestyle - Culture - Fashion/Beauty - Features - Food/Drink - Health/Life - Outdoors/Garden - Showbiz - Travel - Home/Interiors Viewpoints - Columns - Analysis - Our View - Your View - Send your views Video - Video News - Video Sport - Video Lifestyle - Video Viral - Video You May Have Missed Business - Business News - Technology - Small Business ExamViral - Real Life - Fun Times - Science World - Animal Life - Celeb Life - Tech Times TechNow - Movies - Technology - Gaming Property - Property Search Motoring - News - Reviews - Motors & Me Showbiz Horoscopes Death Notices Help - Advertise With Us - Apps - Competitions - ePaper - Photos - Postal Delivery - Shop Find a - Home - Job News Sport Business Views Life ExamViral Property Motors Tech Video Showbiz Login go Breaking Business News Technology Small Business HOT TOPICS: Grace scandal Trump presidency Leonard Cohen 8th Amendment Home»Business GlaxoSmithKline seeks shingles vaccine Tuesday, October 25, 2016 Ben Hirschler, Reuters GlaxoSmithKline (GSK) has filed its shingles vaccine Shingrix for US regulatory approval, the drugmaker said yesterday, bringing the potential $1bn (€918m)-a-year seller a step closer to market. Shingrix is viewed by analysts as among the British company’s most promising experimental products, since it has shown greater protection among older recipients than Merck’s rival shot Zostavax. GSK itself highlighted Shingrix as one of its top near-term pipeline hopes last November, during its first research and development day in more than a decade. The company, which will see Emma Walmsley take over as chief executive in 2017, is seeking to revitalise a drug portfolio hit by falling sales of best-selling inhaled lung treatment Advair. READ NEXT Firms lose Luas court appeal In clinical trials, GSK’s vaccine remained 90% effective in people over age 70, even four years after injections. Zostavax efficacy, by contrast, varies between 18% and 70%, and it declines noticeably in older people. People who are 70 years or older are often most at risk from shingles, a painful, itchy rash that results from the reactivation of latent chickenpox virus. The impressive trial results should put Shingrix in a strong competitive position, analysts believe, even though it requires two doses, against just one for Zostavax, and it is also linked to more injection site reactions. Analysts, on average, predict that worldwide sales of Shingrix will reach $1.05bn in 2021, according to forecasts compiled by Thomson Reuters.  Sales of Zostavax, the only shingles vaccine on the market at present, totalled $749m in 2015. GSK’s vaccine contains a component from US biotech firm Agenus, which is entitled to royalties on future sales. GSK said it planned to file Shingrix for European and Canadian approval before the end of this year, with Japan following in 2017.  GSK shares which were 0.5% lower in London trade have nonetheless gained almost 22% this year. Separately, GSK is involved in the race to find protection against the Zika virus. The prospect of a blockbuster vaccine against a mosquito-borne virus has accelerated the pace of development and attracted the interest of big drugmakers, including Sanofi and Takeda Pharmaceuticals. Although Zika infections are mild or asymptomatic in most people, demand for a vaccine is expected to be strong. READ MORE Visit the section home page here READ NEXT Firms lose Luas court appeal KEYWORDS GlaxoSmithKline, Shingrix, shingles © Irish Examiner Ltd. All rights reserved More in this Section Dairymaid: History spread over generations Survey: Building of new homes rises Breaking Stories US stocks bounce back to finish almost unchanged Vending machines for Snapchat Spectacles are popping up in the US Lifestyle At 73 Tony Christie is still showing the way to Amarillo Life of Bryan - Cranston opens up in new autobiography More From The Irish Examiner Buy framed pages & newspaper books: Visit Shop Photo Sales: View Gallery ePaper: Find out more Irish Examiner Digital Archive: View every printed page from the Irish Examiner from 1841 Lotto Results Saturday, November 12, 2016 2 9 19 28 32 43 47 Full Lotto draw results » Follow the Irish Examiner    
Latest News Dow 18,869 +21.03 +0.11% Nasdaq 5,218 -18.72 -0.36% S&P 500 2,164 -0.25 -0.01% 6:20 P.M. ET Google to block its ads from fake-news sites 6:18 P.M. ET 'Mars': National Geographic Network's Moonshot 6:04 P.M. ET Obama Addresses Concerns About Bannon's Appointment 6:06 P.M. ET Updated David Einhorn’s Greenlight Capital reduces stakes in Apple, GM, buys U.S. Steel 6:04 P.M. ET Updated SEC chief Mary Jo White announces plans to leave 6:02 P.M. ET Obama Addresses Concerns About Bannon's Appointment 5:47 P.M. ET Updated Deutsche Bank raises S&P 500 year-end target after postelection rally 5:35 P.M. ET George Soros buys stakes in Alphabet, Netflix, dumps Disney, General Motors 5:31 P.M. ET Updated Donald Trump and Vladimir Putin speak by phone 5:19 P.M. ET Financial services industry is at risk to get even whiter 5:15 P.M. ET David Tepper's hedge fund buys new stakes in Apple, Bank of America and Facebook 5:11 P.M. ET Estee Lauder to buy Too Faced for $1.45B, looks to 'win with millennials' 5:10 P.M. ET Einhorn adds Aercap, Calpine, United States Steel, trims Apple stake 5:02 P.M. ET My father-in-law married his girlfriend before he died — she won’t return our calls 5:02 P.M. ET Tepper's Appaloosa sells entire 4.4 mln-share stake in 21st Century Fox during Q3--SEC filing 5:02 P.M. ET SEC says Mary Jo White to leave at the end of the Obama administration 5:00 P.M. ET Nasdaq names Adena Friedman president and CEO 5:00 P.M. ET The ‘Trump trade’ is shaking up markets around the globe 4:59 P.M. ET Updated CORRECT: Tepper's Appaloosa buys new 4.1 mln-share stake in Bank of America during Q3--SEC filing 4:58 P.M. ET Updated CORRECT: Tepper's Appaloosa trims Allergan stake slightly 1.2 mln shares during Q3--SEC filing Log In Home News Viewer Video SectorWatch Podcasts First Take Games Portfolio My MarketWatch News Viewer Markets U.S. Europe/Middle East Emerging Markets Asia Canada SectorWatch Columns Market Snapshot Movers & Shakers The Tell Currencies Futures Movers Pre-Market News Tools Earnings Wall Markets Overview IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar Currency Tools Futures Contracts Market Screener Hulbert Interactive Investing Stocks Mutual Funds ETFs Options Bonds Commodities Currencies Futures Hedge Funds/Insider Trades Getting Started MarketWatch Adviser Columns Options Trader Revolution Investing Tools Stock Screener Funds Finder ETF Screener Options Screener IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar More... Trading Deck . Personal Finance 10 Things Big Spender Real Estate Spending & Saving Taxes Columns The Moneyologist Brett Arends Bill Bischoff Amy Hoak Chuck Jaffe Jennifer Openshaw Jennifer Waters Tools Funds Finder Today's Rates Retirement RetireMentors Encore Taxes Retire Here, Not There How-to Guides Social Security Estate Planning Events Columns Robert Powell's Retirement Portfolio Andrea Coombes's Working Retirement Tools Retirement Planner How long will my money last? Economy Federal Reserve Capitol Report Economic Report Columns Darrell Delamaide Irwin Kellner Rex Nutting Tools Economic Calendar Real Estate Location Scouts realtor.com My MarketWatch Watchlist Alerts Games Log In Until Tokyo Markets Open US Market Snapshot Currencies Commodities Home Press Release Agilent Technologies Receives Expanded FDA Approval for Use of Dako PD-L1 IHC 22C3 pharmDx Companion Diagnostic in Non-Small Cell Lung Cancer (NSCLC) By Published: Oct 24, 2016 6:10 p.m. ET Share Untreated metastatic NSCLC patients with high PD-L1 expression can now be identified for treatment with KEYTRUDA® (pembrolizumab) using PD-L1 IHC 22C3 pharmDxIn addition, the labeling update identifies a broader range of previously treated metastatic NSCLC patients with PD-L1 expression for treatment with KEYTRUDA CARPINTERIA, Calif., Oct 24, 2016 (BUSINESS WIRE) -- Agilent Technologies Inc. A, -2.24% today announced that its Dako PD-L1 IHC 22C3 pharmDx now has an expanded label approved by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration for use in determining PD-L1 expression status to inform treatment in metastatic non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC) with KEYTRUDA [®] (pembrolizumab). This expanded intended use now allows the PD-L1 IHC 22C3 pharmDx test to detect PD-L1 expression in a broader range of patients – those with a PD-L1 tumor proportion score (TPS) of 1 percent or more. The FDA also announced on Oct. 24 that KEYTRUDA is now approved for the first-line treatment of metastatic NSCLC patients whose tumors express high levels of PD-L1 (TPS of 50 percent or more) or for previously treated metastatic NSCLC patients whose tumors express PD-L1 (TPS of 1 percent or more). This updated approval of PD-L1 IHC 22C3 pharmDx means that the assay can be used to identify previously untreated patients with metastatic NSCLC expressing high levels of PD-L1 for treatment with KEYTRUDA. Prior to this, chemotherapy was the standard first-line treatment for most NSCLC patients. The labeling update also means that more patients in the second-line or later treatment setting – including patients with levels of PD-L1 expression of 1 percent or more – can also be identified for treatment with KEYTRUDA. “This expanded intended use for our FDA-approved PD-L1 IHC 22C3 pharmDx assay is a step towards providing first-line metastatic NSCLC patients with immunotherapy as an option. PD-L1 IHC 22C3 pharmDx allows pathologists to confidently determine, and report PD-L1 expression status for a patient’s tumor. This critical diagnostic information informs oncologists’ treatment decisions around KEYTRUDA,” said Jacob Thaysen, president of Agilent's Diagnostics and Genomics Group. “Pathologists recognize the need for approved and validated tests, and our companion diagnostic gives them a highly accurate tool to inform oncologists on PD-L1 expression.” “PD-L1 is an important biomarker for use in identifying those patients with metastatic non-small cell lung cancer who are most likely to benefit from treatment with KEYTRUDA,” said Dr. Roger Dansey, senior vice president and therapeutic area head, oncology late-stage development, Merck Research Laboratories. “With the approval of both the medicine and companion diagnostic to include first-line evaluation and treatment, and the broadening of the Dako PD-L1 IHC 22C3 pharmDx label in the second-line and later treatment setting, we now have the opportunity to help many more patients with this devastating disease.” Lung cancer is the leading cause of cancer-related death worldwide, and NSCLC accounts for 80 percent of all lung cancers. PD-L1 IHC 22C3 pharmDx was developed in partnership with Merck & Co., Inc. (known as MSD outside the U.S. and Canada), maker of the anti-PD-1 therapy, KEYTRUDA. KEYTRUDA is a humanized monoclonal antibody that works by increasing the ability of the body’s immune system to help detect and fight tumor cells. KEYTRUDA blocks the interaction between PD-1 and its ligands, PD-L1 and PD-L2, thereby activating T lymphocytes which may affect both tumor cells and healthy cells. About Agilent Technologies and Dako Agilent Technologies Inc. A, -2.24% a global leader in life sciences, diagnostics and applied chemical markets, is the premier laboratory partner for a better world. Agilent works with customers in more than 100 countries, providing instruments, software, services and consumables for the entire laboratory workflow. The company generated revenues of $4.04 billion in fiscal 2015 and employs about 12,000 people worldwide. In 2012, Agilent acquired Dako, a well-known provider of reagents, instruments, software and expertise. Agilent’s Dako pathology solutions help pathologists make accurate diagnoses and determine the most effective treatment for cancer patients. Information about Agilent is available at www.agilent.com, and information about Agilent’s Dako pathology solutions products is available here. NOTE TO EDITORS: Further technology, corporate citizenship and executive news is available at www.agilent.com/go/news. View source version on businesswire.com: http://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20161024006586/en/ SOURCE: Agilent Technologies Inc. Agilent Technologies Victoria Wadsworth-Hansen, +1 408-553-2005 +45 29336980 victoria.wadsworth-hansen@agilent.com Copyright Business Wire 2016 MarketWatch Partner Center Celebrity Real Estate News Celebrities renege on their pledges to move out of U.S on the back of Trump win View More Investing If you're shocked that Trump won, you broke 3 basic principles of investing View More Barron's Next Dear President-Elect Trump, a millennial wishlist View More Investing Opinion: A 12-step plan to strengthen your portfolio after Trump's victory View More MarketWatch Site Index Topics Help Feedback Newsroom Roster Media Archive Premium Products Mobile Company Company Info Code of Conduct Corrections Advertising Media Kit Advertise Locally Reprints & Licensing Broker Center Your Ad Choices Dow Jones Network WSJ.com Barron's Online BigCharts Virtual Stock Exchange Financial News Online WSJ.com Small Business realtor.com Mansion Global Back to Top Copyright ©2016 MarketWatch, Inc. All rights reserved. By using this site you agree to the Terms of Service, Privacy Policy, and Cookie Policy. Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. Intraday data delayed per exchange requirements. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real time last sale data provided by NASDAQ. More information on NASDAQ traded symbols and their current financial status. Intraday data delayed 15 minutes for Nasdaq, and 20 minutes for other exchanges. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. SEHK intraday data is provided by SIX Financial Information and is at least 60-minutes delayed. All quotes are in local exchange time. Advanced Search Stocks Columns Authors Topics No results found Agilent Technologies Inc. U.S.: NYSE: A $45.33 -1.04 (-2.24%) Volume 3.4M Open $46.66 High $46.73 Low $45.18 P/E Ratio 31.26 Div Yield 1.01 Market Cap 15.0B Agilent Technologies Inc. U.S.: NYSE: A $45.33 -1.04 (-2.24%) Volume 3.4M Open $46.66 High $46.73 Low $45.18 P/E Ratio 31.26 Div Yield 1.01 Market Cap 15.0B LatestNews


MM&M Facebook MM&M Twitter MM&M LinkedIn Advertise Subscribe Log in | Register Home News Agencies Data/Analytics Campaigns Commercial Corporate Legal/Regulatory Media Opinion Payers Pipeline Technology 3 health tech innovations experts say will revolutionalize healthcare As digital-health funding increases, here's how VR, nanotechnology, and 3D printing could potentially improve the value of healthcare. Health Influencer 50 MM&M and PRWeek editors convened to select 50 battle-tested pros who are changing the healthcare game. Find out if you made the list. 10 things for pharma marketers to know about Facebook and Instagram With about 70 million users in six million health-related groups, drugmakers have tremendous opportunity to reach key audiences on Facebook. Here's how. Series Top 100 Agencies Live at Cannes Pharma Report Watson Week MM&M's Guide to DTC Top 40 Transformers Events Big Data Hall of Femme Leadership Exchanges MM&M Awards Transforming Healthcare Conference Webcasts Virtual Events Resources eBooks inVision Videos Podcasts The Agency Gallery The PMD Whitepapers Careers The Glass Ceiling Upward Moves At Work With Magazine Latest Issue Issue Archive MM&M > Channel > Roundup > Five things for pharma marketers to know: Monday, October 24, 2016 Tweet Virginia Lau October 24, 2016 Five things for pharma marketers to know: Monday, October 24, 2016 Share this content: facebook twitter linkedin google Comments Print 1. GlaxoSmithKline filed its experimental shingles vaccine Shingrix with the FDA for approval. The vaccine, which would compete with Merck's Zostavaz, if it's approved, is 90% effective among patients older than 70 years old in clinical trials, while Zostavaz's efficacy is between 18% and 70%. Analysts predict annual global sales of Shingrix could reach $1 billion by 2021. (Reuters) 2. China Resources Pharmaceutical Group reportedly raised $1.8 billion in its IPO, making it the largest pharmaceutical IPO since 2013 when animal health company Zoetis raised $2.6 billion. The state-backed China Resources Holdings Company manufactures pharmaceuticals, traditional Chinese medicine, and health supplements. (Bloomberg) 3. Sunovion Pharmaceuticals completed its $635 million acquisition of speciality pharmaceutical company Cynapsus Therapeutics, which expands Sunovion's portfolio in neurology. Cynapsus' experimental drug APL-130277 is being tested for OFF episodes in Parkinson's patients. 4. Bristol-Myers Squibb said the FDA granted priority review to Opdivo to treat advanced unresectable or metastatic urothelial carcinoma, an advanced form of bladder cancer. Merck's Keytruda showed positive results in a trial for urothelial cancer as well. (Business Wire, Reuters) 5. Pharmaceutical companies that make painkillers are among the largest donors backing the anti-legalization of marijuana, citing safety concerns. Critics say their contributions are a ploy to protect market share as opiate overdoses dropped by 25% in states that have legalized medical marijuana. (The Guardian) Share this content: facebook twitter linkedin google Comments Print Similar Articles Five things for pharma marketers to know: Monday, November 24 Five things for pharma marketers to know: Monday, October 3, 2016 Five things for pharma marketers to know: Monday, October 6 Five things for pharma marketers to know: Monday, October 31, 2016 Five things for pharma marketers to know: Monday, October 17, 2016 Related Topics Acquisition FDA Immunotherapy IPO M&A Oncology Vaccines Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Next Article in Roundup Five things for pharma marketers to know: Tuesday, October 25, 2016 MM&M Articles Popular Emailed Recent Infographic: what information doctors need from pharma Will drugmakers get what they're looking for at this week's FDA off-label hearing? Five things for pharma marketers to know: Friday, November 11, 2016 Five things for pharma marketers to know: Wednesday, November 9, 2016 Five things for pharma marketers to know: Monday, November 7, 2016 Merck educates doctors about biosimilars, long before it will sell one in the U.S. 4 trends with the potential to change behavior in the patient journey What do physicians think about biosimilars? Novartis considers new sales model for experimental cancer therapy Boehringer Ingelheim launches gamified support program Pfizer expands humanitarian access to Prevnar 13 vaccine Five things for pharma marketers to know: Monday, November 14, 2016 Will he or won't he? Pharma speculates on President-elect Trump Pharma pushes to share off-label info with payers at FDA hearing What's Next for the FDA During the Trump Administration Tweets by @MMMnews Events Weekly MM&M Breaking News MM&M KOL White Paper MM&M News Brief MM&M Sponsored Promotion MM&M Weekly Digest The Splash from MM&M United States United Kingdom Canada Afghanistan Albania Algeria American Samoa Andorra Angola Anguilla Antarctica Antigua and Barbuda Argentina Armenia Aruba Australia Austria Azerbaijan Bahamas Bahrain Bangladesh Barbados Belarus Belgium Belize Benin Bermuda Bhutan Bolivia Bosnia and Herzegovina Botswana Bouvet Island Brazil British Indian Ocean Territory Brunei Darussalam Bulgaria Burkina Faso Burundi Cambodia Cameroon Cape Verde Cayman Islands Central African Republic Chad Chile China Christmas Island Cocos (Keeling) Islands Colombia Comoros Congo Congo (DRC) Cook Islands Costa Rica Côte D'Ivoire Croatia Cuba Cyprus Czech Republic Denmark Djibouti Dominica Dominican Republic Ecuador Egypt El Salvador Equatorial Guinea Eritrea Estonia Ethiopia Falkland Islands (Malvinas) Faroe Islands Fiji Islands Finland France French Guiana French Polynesia French Southern Territories Gabon Gambia Georgia Germany Ghana Gibraltar Greece Greenland Grenada Guadeloupe Guam Guatemala Guinea Guinea-Bissau Guyana Haiti Heard Island and Mcdonald Islands Honduras Hong Kong Hungary Iceland India Indonesia Iran Iraq Ireland Israel Italy Jamaica Japan Jordan Kazakhstan Kenya Kiribati Korea Kuwait Kyrgyzstan Laos Latvia Lebanon Lesotho Liberia Libya Liechtenstein Lithuania Luxembourg Macao Macedonia Madagascar Malawi Malaysia Maldives Mali Malta Marshall Islands Martinique Mauritania Mauritius Mayotte Mexico Micronesia Moldova Monaco Mongolia Montenegro Montserrat Morocco Mozambique Myanmar Namibia Nauru Nepal Netherlands Netherlands Antilles New Caledonia New Zealand Nicaragua Niger Nigeria Niue Norfolk Island North Korea Northern Mariana Islands Norway Oman Pakistan Palau Panama Papua New Guinea Paraguay Peru Philippines Pitcairn Poland Portugal Puerto Rico Qatar Reunion Romania Russia Rwanda Saint Helena Saint Kitts and Nevis Saint Lucia Saint Martin Saint Pierre and Miquelon Saint Vincent and The Grenadines San Marino Sao Tome & Principe Saudi Arabia Senegal Serbia-Montenegro Seychelles Sierra Leone Singapore Slovakia Slovenia Solomon Islands Somalia South Africa Spain Sri Lanka Sudan Suriname Svalbard and Jan Mayen Swaziland Sweden Switzerland Syria Taiwan Tajikistan Tanzania Thailand Timor-Leste Togo Tokelau Tonga Trinidad and Tobago Tunisia Turkey Turkmenistan Turks and Caicos Islands Tuvalu Uganda Ukraine United Arab Emirates Uruguay Uzbekistan Vanuatu Vatican City Venezuela Vietnam Virgin Islands Virgin Islands, British Wallis and Futuna Western Samoa Yemen Yugoslavia Zambia Zimbabwe Check out what's trending Healthcare Legal/Regulatory FDA Pharma Health Influencer 50 People Pricing Election Commercial More in Roundup Five things for pharma marketers to know: Monday, ... J&J's experimental RA drug has mixed results in clinical trial; Novartis reportedly considers buying generics maker; Donald Trump names healthcare transition team leader Five things for pharma marketers to know: Friday, ... Trump says he will reform the FDA; pharmaceutical M&A expected to pick up; superbug causing infections in cystic-fibrosis patients Five things for pharma marketers to know: Thursday, ... Mylan reports third-quarter loss; analysts say drug-pricing restrictions less likely under Trump; the FDA limits citizen petitions Medical Marketing & Media Return To Top News Agencies Campaigns Commercial Corporate Legal/Regulatory Media Payers Pipeline Opinion Back Talk Beltway Insider Editor's Desk Partner Forum Private View Viewpoint User Center Subscribe About us Contact us Media Information Sitemap Ad Choices Connect With Us Newsletters Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Copyright © 2016 Haymarket Media, Inc. All Rights Reserved This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed in any form without prior authorization. Your use of this website constitutes acceptance of Haymarket Media's Privacy Policy and Terms & Conditions.
ETF News Best ETFs Top Rated ETFs Best ETF Categories ETF Screener Tools ETF Screener Find Whats In Your ETF Find What ETFs Hold Your Stock Find ETFs By Leverage Find ETFs By Asset Class Free Newsletter Search Are Health Care ETFs a Buy Heading Into Earnings Season? October 24, 2016 11:31am NYSE:XLV ShareTweet Zacks analyst Sweta Killa takes a look at some popular health and biotech ETFs, and examines where the risk/reward lies as we progress through earnings season. The Q3 earnings season is in full swing with the healthcare sector showing the third highest growth at this stage, trailing materials and business services. Earnings from 22% of the sector’s market capitalization that have reported so far are up 15.9% with a beat ratio of 83.3% on revenue growth of 8.8% and revenue surprise of 66.7%, as per the Earnings Trends. In particular, robust earnings reports from the leading drug maker Johnson & Johnson (JNJ – Free Report) and the largest U.S. health insurer UnitedHealth Group (UNH – Free Report) spread strong optimism in the sector last week (J&J Beats on Q3 Earnings: Should You Buy Healthcare ETFs?). As a result, healthcare ETFs saw smooth trading, with the popular funds –Health Care Select Sector SPDR Fund (XLV – Free Report) , Vanguard Health Care ETF (VHT – Free Report) , iShares U.S. Healthcare ETF (IYH – Free Report) and Fidelity MSCI Health Care Index ETF (FHLC – Free Report) – gaining nearly 0.2% over the past five days. Will the positive trend continue in the weeks ahead given that the sector is expected to post Q3 earnings growth of 3.7% and revenue growth of 7.4%? Let’s delve into the earnings picture of some of the other largest companies in the healthcare space that would drive the performance of the above-mentioned funds in the coming days. Some of the big names include Pfizer (PFE – Free Report) , Merck (MRK – Free Report) , Amgen (AMGN – Free Report) , AbbVie (ABBV – Free Report) , Gilead Sciences (GILD – Free Report) and Bristol-Myers Squibb Company (BMY – Free Report) that dominate these fund’s portfolio. All these stocks collectively account for the maximum portion, with 28.6% share in XLV, 27.4% in IYH, 25% in VHT and 24.6% in FHLC. Inside Our Surprise Prediction of These Stocks Pfizer has a Zacks Rank #3 (Hold) and an Earnings ESP of -1.59%, indicating a lower probability of beating estimates this quarter. According to the our surprise prediction methodology, a Zacks Rank #1 (Strong Buy), #2 or #3 when combined with a positive Earnings ESP has chances of an earnings beat, while a Zacks Rank #4 or #5 (Sell rated) are best avoided. Pfizer delivered positive earnings surprises in the last four quarters, with an average beat of 11.16%. Additionally, the Zacks Consensus Estimate for third-quarter 2016 is 63 cents, up a penny over the past three months. Further, the stock has a solid Value and Momentum Style Score of B and A, respectively, while a Growth Style Score of C looks unimpressive. Pfizer is scheduled to report its earnings on November 1 before the opening bell. Merck is expected to report its results on October 25 before market open. It has a Zacks Rank #2 (Buy) and an Earnings ESP of 0.00%, which makes surprise prediction difficult. The stock saw no earnings estimate revision over the past 90 days for the to-be-reported quarter. The drug maker delivered positive earnings surprises in the last four quarters, with an average beat of 3.37%. The stock has an unfavorable Value and Growth Style Score of C and D, respectively, while a Momentum Style Score of B looks good (read: 5 ETFs to Buy as Election Uncertainty Looms). Amgen has a Zacks Rank #3 and an Earnings ESP of +1.08%, indicating a good chance of beating estimates this quarter. The earnings surprise track over the past four quarters is robust with an average positive surprise of 11.55%. The stock also witnessed positive earnings estimate revision of a penny over the past 90 days for the yet-to-be-reported quarter. Additionally, the stock has a solid Value Style Score of B but an unfavorable Growth and Momentum Style Score of C and D, respectively. Amgen will reports its earnings on October 27 after market close. AbbVie has a Zacks Rank #3 and an Earnings ESP of +0.83%, indicating a reasonable chance of beating estimates this quarter. The company delivered positive earnings surprises in the last four quarters, with an average beat of 3.32%. Moreover, it saw solid positive earnings estimate revision of three cents over the past three months for the to-be-reported quarter. Further, the stock has a top Momentum Style Score of A and a Value Style Score of B while the Growth Style Score is unimpressive at C. The company is schedule to report on October 28 before market open. Gilead is expected to release its earnings on November 1 after market close. It has a Zacks Rank #5 (Strong Sell) and an Earnings ESP of -0.36%. Gilead saw a negative earnings estimate revision of 19 cents over the past three months for the to-be-reported quarter but delivered positive earnings surprises in three of the last four quarters, with an average beat of 4.08%. Though it has a solid Value and Growth Style Score of B each, the Momentum Style Score of F is an eyesore (read: Prepare for a Clinton Presidency with These Stocks & ETFs). Bristol-Myers will likely report its earnings on October 27 before the opening bell. It has an unfavorable Zacks Rank #4 but an Earnings ESP of +3.08%. The stock delivered positive earnings surprises over the past four quarters with an average beat of 15.56% and saw positive earnings estimate revision of a penny for the to-be-reported quarter. However, it has an unfavorable Value, Growth and Momentum Style Score of C, F and C, respectively. Summing Up Given that some companies have an unfavorable Zacks Rank and a lower probability of beating this quarter, healthcare ETFs might struggle to hold onto gains in the coming days. However, the above-mention ETFs have a favorable Zacks ETF Rank of #1 (Strong Buy) in case of XLV, VHT and IYH and #2 for FHLC (see: all the Healthcare ETFs here). This article is brought to you courtesy of Zacks Research. Tags: biotech Health Care NYSE:XLV Categories: NYSE:XLV Read Next Can Bristol-Myers Squibb Co Turn Things Around With Q3 Earnings? BlackRock: Health Care Sector Sell-Off Overdone Are Retail ETFs a Buy Heading into the Holiday Season? BlackRock: Pay Attention to Health Care, Financials This Election Season Options Activity Shows Traders are Betting on a Recovery for This Health Care ETF Recommended for You Get Free Updates Join over 50,000 investors who get the latest news from ETFDailyNews.com! Subscribe Most Popular Is The Trump Rally Actually Sustainable? Analyst: After Trump Rally Ends, Stocks Will Plunge Over 10% ETF Ticker Page Our Exclusive Tools Best ETFs List Best ETF Categories ETF Screener Find Whats In Your ETF Find What ETF Holds Your Stock Search ETFs By Leverage Search ETFs By Asset Class Sponsored Content From Our Partners Explore More from ETFDailyNews.com Free Daily Newsletter Get daily ETF insights from our market experts. Never miss another important market development again! Sign Me Up ETFDailyNews.com respects your privacy. Best ETFs We've rated and ranked nearly 2,000 ETFs and ETNs using our proprietary SMART Grade system. View Top Rated ETFs Best Categories We've ranked dozens of ETF categories based on relative performance. Best ETF Categories ©2016 ETF Daily News About Us | Authors | Contact Us | Terms of Use
Latest News Dow 18,869 +21.03 +0.11% Nasdaq 5,218 -18.72 -0.36% S&P 500 2,164 -0.25 -0.01% 6:20 P.M. ET Google to block its ads from fake-news sites 6:18 P.M. ET 'Mars': National Geographic Network's Moonshot 6:04 P.M. ET Obama Addresses Concerns About Bannon's Appointment 6:06 P.M. ET Updated David Einhorn’s Greenlight Capital reduces stakes in Apple, GM, buys U.S. Steel 6:04 P.M. ET Updated SEC chief Mary Jo White announces plans to leave 6:02 P.M. ET Obama Addresses Concerns About Bannon's Appointment 5:47 P.M. ET Updated Deutsche Bank raises S&P 500 year-end target after postelection rally 5:35 P.M. ET George Soros buys stakes in Alphabet, Netflix, dumps Disney, General Motors 5:31 P.M. ET Updated Donald Trump and Vladimir Putin speak by phone 5:19 P.M. ET Financial services industry is at risk to get even whiter 5:15 P.M. ET David Tepper's hedge fund buys new stakes in Apple, Bank of America and Facebook 5:11 P.M. ET Estee Lauder to buy Too Faced for $1.45B, looks to 'win with millennials' 5:10 P.M. ET Einhorn adds Aercap, Calpine, United States Steel, trims Apple stake 5:02 P.M. ET My father-in-law married his girlfriend before he died — she won’t return our calls 5:02 P.M. ET Tepper's Appaloosa sells entire 4.4 mln-share stake in 21st Century Fox during Q3--SEC filing 5:02 P.M. ET SEC says Mary Jo White to leave at the end of the Obama administration 5:00 P.M. ET Nasdaq names Adena Friedman president and CEO 5:00 P.M. ET The ‘Trump trade’ is shaking up markets around the globe 4:59 P.M. ET Updated CORRECT: Tepper's Appaloosa buys new 4.1 mln-share stake in Bank of America during Q3--SEC filing 4:58 P.M. ET Updated CORRECT: Tepper's Appaloosa trims Allergan stake slightly 1.2 mln shares during Q3--SEC filing Log In Home News Viewer Video SectorWatch Podcasts First Take Games Portfolio My MarketWatch News Viewer Markets U.S. Europe/Middle East Emerging Markets Asia Canada SectorWatch Columns Market Snapshot Movers & Shakers The Tell Currencies Futures Movers Pre-Market News Tools Earnings Wall Markets Overview IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar Currency Tools Futures Contracts Market Screener Hulbert Interactive Investing Stocks Mutual Funds ETFs Options Bonds Commodities Currencies Futures Hedge Funds/Insider Trades Getting Started MarketWatch Adviser Columns Options Trader Revolution Investing Tools Stock Screener Funds Finder ETF Screener Options Screener IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar More... Trading Deck . Personal Finance 10 Things Big Spender Real Estate Spending & Saving Taxes Columns The Moneyologist Brett Arends Bill Bischoff Amy Hoak Chuck Jaffe Jennifer Openshaw Jennifer Waters Tools Funds Finder Today's Rates Retirement RetireMentors Encore Taxes Retire Here, Not There How-to Guides Social Security Estate Planning Events Columns Robert Powell's Retirement Portfolio Andrea Coombes's Working Retirement Tools Retirement Planner How long will my money last? Economy Federal Reserve Capitol Report Economic Report Columns Darrell Delamaide Irwin Kellner Rex Nutting Tools Economic Calendar Real Estate Location Scouts realtor.com My MarketWatch Watchlist Alerts Games Log In Until Tokyo Markets Open US Market Snapshot Currencies Commodities Home Press Release Gradalis Announces the Appointment of Dr. Brian Daniels to the Newly Formed Scientific Advisory Board By Published: Oct 24, 2016 12:19 p.m. ET Share DALLAS, Oct. 24, 2016 /PRNewswire/ -- Gradalis, Inc. today announced that Brian Daniels, MD has joined the Gradalis Scientific Advisory Board (SAB) under the chairmanship of Professor Sir Marc Feldmann, AC, FRS.  "We are pleased to have Dr. Daniels, a seasoned drug development expert, join the SAB to help guide Gradalis' translational and clinical effort," said Sunil Joshi, President and Chief Executive Officer of Gradalis.  "Brian brings tremendous experience in running clinical trials across diverse therapeutic areas, which will be invaluable in guiding our proprietary Vigil [®] Engineered Autologous Tumor Cells (EATCs) immunotherapy platform." Dr. Daniels has twenty years of experience in clinical development, medical affairs, and commercialization. Among Brian's accomplishments are directing the drug development efforts that led to the registration of numerous innovative medicines for the treatment of cancer, HIV, viral hepatitis, depression, rheumatoid arthritis, diabetes, cardiovascular disorders, and rare genetic disorders. Dr. Daniels served as Senior Vice President, Global Development and Medical Affairs, and a member of the Senior Management Team, at Bristol-Myers Squibb Company.  Prior to that, Brian honed his clinical development skills at Merck and Genentech.  Brian currently serves as a Senior Advisor with BCG, and as a Venture Partner at 5AM Ventures in Menlo Park, California. He is a member of the Board for Novo Nordisk A/S and volunteers his time at The Gladstone Institutes at the University of California in San Francisco as a translational partner. "Because Gradalis is a very unusual small company in already having years of clinical research experience, I am pleased that Brian has decided to join the SAB," said Sir Marc Feldmann, Chairman of the Gradalis SAB.  "The science of immuno-oncology is very complex, and it is very helpful to have a clinical development expert on the team to provide his valuable perspective." "It is a pleasure to join the Gradalis SAB," said Dr. Daniels.  "Being an immunologist by training, and having worked on Opdivo [®]  and Yervoy [®]  through development and registration, I am looking forward to helping the Gradalis team and the SAB on Vigil cellular immunotherapy that has the potential of advancing Oncology care." About Vigil EATC: Vigil is an investigational cellular immunotherapy technology that combines the concepts of genetic engineering with the science of immuno-oncology, to enable an immune response to cancer cells. A patient's tumor cells are engineered with a plasmid carrying the gene vector for shRNA Furin and GMCSF to elicit a systemic T-cell directed immune response when administered to the patient through intradermal injections.  By utilizing the patient's own tumor as the antigen source, Vigil EATC is designed to elicit an immune response that is specifically targeted and broadly relevant to each patient's unique tumor antigens.  Vigil EATC is being studied in Ewing's sarcoma and ovarian cancer as a single agent, and in breast cancer, non-small cell lung cancer and melanoma in combination with PD-L1 inhibitors.  More information about these studies can be found on www.vigilclinicaltrials.com. About Gradalis: Gradalis is a fully integrated biotechnology company based in Dallas, Texas that focuses on the development, manufacturing, and commercialization of novel proprietary personalized cellular immunotherapies to treat cancer. Gradalis operates a cGMP manufacturing facility in Carrolton, Texas. For more information about Gradalis, Inc. please visit www.gradalisinc.com. Gradalis [®] and Vigil [®] are registered trademarks of Gradalis, Inc. Opdivo [®] and Yervoy [®] are registered trademarks of Bristol-Myers Squibb Company. Gradalis Contact: Beth Kriegel Chief Financial Officer (214) 307-8203   To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/gradalis-announces-the-appointment-of-dr-brian-daniels-to-the-newly-formed-scientific-advisory-board-300349786.html SOURCE Gradalis, Inc. Copyright (C) 2016 PR Newswire. All rights reserved MarketWatch Partner Center Celebrity Real Estate News Celebrities renege on their pledges to move out of U.S on the back of Trump win View More Investing If you're shocked that Trump won, you broke 3 basic principles of investing View More Barron's Next Dear President-Elect Trump, a millennial wishlist View More Investing Opinion: A 12-step plan to strengthen your portfolio after Trump's victory View More MarketWatch Site Index Topics Help Feedback Newsroom Roster Media Archive Premium Products Mobile Company Company Info Code of Conduct Corrections Advertising Media Kit Advertise Locally Reprints & Licensing Broker Center Your Ad Choices Dow Jones Network WSJ.com Barron's Online BigCharts Virtual Stock Exchange Financial News Online WSJ.com Small Business realtor.com Mansion Global Back to Top Copyright ©2016 MarketWatch, Inc. All rights reserved. By using this site you agree to the Terms of Service, Privacy Policy, and Cookie Policy. Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. Intraday data delayed per exchange requirements. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real time last sale data provided by NASDAQ. More information on NASDAQ traded symbols and their current financial status. Intraday data delayed 15 minutes for Nasdaq, and 20 minutes for other exchanges. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. SEHK intraday data is provided by SIX Financial Information and is at least 60-minutes delayed. All quotes are in local exchange time. Advanced Search Stocks Columns Authors Topics No results found LatestNews
null
HOME EDITION News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Investing Trading Nation Financial Advisors Personal Finance CNBC Explains Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Recode Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows Watch Live CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Full Episodes More Log In | Register Log Out News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Consumer Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Halftime Portfolio Squawk Box Portfolio Take a Tour Subscribe Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Investing Trading Nation Financial Advisors Personal Finance CNBC Explains Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Recode Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Special Reports Investor Toolkit Advisor Insight ETF Strategist Portfolio Perspective Tech Drivers CNBC IQ 100 Original Series Executive Edge Trading Nation Futures Now Retire Well The Pulse @ 1 Market The Bottom Line CNBC Events Davos Delivering Alpha eMerge Americas iCONIC Conference Cambridge Cyber Summit Sohn Conference Follow CNBC EDITION Register Log In Profile Email Preferences PRO Sign Out Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Halftime Portfolio Squawk Box Portfolio Take a Tour Subscribe LIVE TV Watch CNBC TV Watch CNBC Pro Watchlist X BREAKING:  After-hours buzz: AAL, DAL, UAL & more × × × Modern Medicine Health Care Hospitals Pharma Equipment & Services Health Insurance Health Care IT Modern Medicine featured New cancer drugs may damage the heart By: Marilynn Marchione, The Associated Press Thursday, 3 Nov 2016 | 11:06 AM ET Doctors have found a disturbing downside to some powerful new drugs that harness the immune system to fight cancer, NBC News reports. » Read More The $5.8 billion hidden cost of the flu on the US economy By: Chris Morris, special to CNBC.com Friday, 28 Oct 2016 | 9:54 AM ET Last year the flu cost the economy billions of dollars. This season could be worse, since fewer people are opting for vaccinations. » Read More 10 companies making chemotherapy easier By: Daniel Bukszpan Tuesday, 25 Oct 2016 | 9:54 AM ET These innovative companies are working on new methods to make chemotherapy safer, and more tolerable, for cancer patients in America. » Read More Drug breakthrough slowing Alzheimer's By: Susan Caminiti, special to CNBC.com Tuesday, 18 Oct 2016 | 9:21 AM ET A new drug being tested slows Alzheimer's by removing plaque buildup in the brain. It's hope for millions suffering from the disease. » Read More More The market gets its first big genetically designed disaster Wednesday, 12 Oct 2016 | 3:12 PM ET Dominance in the genetic-sequencing market is causing Illumina's decline. A company can be too good and fast at exploiting new technology. The new drugs that could reverse the opioid-addiction epidemic Wednesday, 12 Oct 2016 | 9:38 AM ET Researchers are working on opioids with all the painkilling power of current drugs but with less risk of addiction or overdose. Billions at stake as Bristol-Myers waits its chance to redeem its lung cancer drug Friday, 7 Oct 2016 | 2:41 PM ET Bristol-Myers Squibb's approach to treating lung cancer will have a chance to redeem itself when new data comes out on Sunday. Switch to start-up yields surprising results for Activision employees' insurance Tuesday, 4 Oct 2016 | 2:42 PM ET A switch in health insurers is making a big difference for some employees at Activision Blizzard. This doctor is recreating toys for disabled kids with help from Mattel Tuesday, 4 Oct 2016 | 9:34 AM ET GoBabyGo modifies toys so that children with even the most severe mobility issues can use them. The idea grabbed Mattel's attention. New prostate cancer tests aim to reduce the death rate Monday, 3 Oct 2016 | 9:34 AM ET New non-invasive tests are helping doctors better diagnose what stage prostate cancer patients have so they can forgo risky biopsies. Antibiotics are becoming the David to the Goliath of 'Superbug' infections Sunday, 2 Oct 2016 | 9:11 AM ET Strains of bacteria resistant to antibiotics have been gaining strength and shifting the tide in their favor, a CDC official tells CNBC. Writing a prescription ... for a dose of electricity Thursday, 26 May 2016 | 6:00 AM ET When we think about taking medicines, we imagine popping a pill, or receiving a shot. But a new approach would leverage the body's electrical signals. Latest Special Reports Investor Toolkit Covering the full set of tools and strategies for long-term investors: How to take everyday market fluctuations in stride, and when to know it’s time to take action or protect against a major economic shifts. Advisor Insight Advisor-centric content with guest columns covering practice management, investment strategies and marketing/social media. ETF Strategist Trillions of dollars are invested in exchange-traded funds, and there's a place for them in every investor's portfolio. Health Care Drug price shock: Feds reveal medication costs One anti-anxiety drug, Ativan, had an average unit cost increase of a stunning 1,264 percent between 2014 and 2015 for Medicaid. 'Minibrains' fight Zika Scientists are using "minibrains" to understand how diseases and drugs interact with a normal human brain. California has most to lose if Obamacare repealed As of now, 4.6 million people in California received health coverage funded by the Affordable Care Act. Equipment and Services Health and medical service providers go digital    Practo's Shashank ND explains how he's streamlined the process of tracking medical professionals and appointment bookings. The $5.8 billion hidden cost of the flu on the US economy Last year the flu cost the economy billions. This season could be worse, since fewer people are opting for vaccinations. 10 companies making chemotherapy easier These innovative companies are working on new methods to make chemotherapy safer and more tolerable. Hospitals 'Safety-net' hospitals want probe of EpiPen overcharges Drugmaker Mylan may have overcharged hospitals that serve significant numbers of poor people for lifesaving anti-allergy devices. Blackstone to acquire TeamHealth    The private equity firm is buying TeamHealth for about $3.2-billion. The $5.8 billion hidden cost of the flu on the US economy Last year the flu cost the economy billions. This season could be worse, since fewer people are opting for vaccinations. Health Care IT Drug price shock: Feds reveal medication costs One anti-anxiety drug, Ativan, had an average unit cost increase of a stunning 1,264 percent between 2014 and 2015 for Medicaid. California has most to lose if Obamacare repealed As of now, 4.6 million people in California received health coverage funded by the Affordable Care Act. Medicare costs are up slightly in 2017 That small increase in your Social Security check for next year will go towards your Part B costs. Biotech and Pharma Arthritis drugs are equally dangerous A study comparing three popular arthritis drugs shows they're all about equally safe and equally dangerous, reports NBC. 'Minibrains' fight Zika Scientists are using "minibrains" to understand how diseases and drugs interact with a normal human brain. Biotech's bad year    Top-ranking health care analyst & senior analyst at Evercore ISI, Umer Raffat discusses biotech stocks on Power Lunch. Technology Why Apple could suffer most under Trump A growing threat of a trade war with China has exacerbated problems for Apple, one of the company's biggest critics said. Microsoft investigating GroupMe incident Microsoft is investigating the UPenn cyberbullying incident last week tied to its GroupMe messaging product. Facebook reportedly had fix for fake news Facebook executives were briefed on an update that identified fake news, but it was never released, The Verge reports. Binge Filmmaker Ken Burns is scared of what he sees in Donald Trump Here’s what Steve Jobs had to give Ken Burns to create the 'Ken Burns' effect for iMovie The Ken Burns binge effect: Steve Jobs, Donald Trump and the birth of binge-watching    Ken Burns: The media gets Steve Jobs wrong    Steve Jobs once told Ken Burns he should ditch PBS because they weren’t paying him enough
X Edition: United Kingdom Business Business Home Deals Aerospace & Defence Autos Banks Central Banks Reuters Summits Business Video Markets Markets Home UK Markets European Markets Market Analysis Global Market Data Indices Stocks Earnings FXpert Currencies Commodities Funds World World Home Special Reports Reuters Investigates Euro Zone Germany France U.S. China Middle East Africa Russia India Japan World Video UK UK Home Politics Economy Tech Technology Home Media Science Tech Video Innovation Money Money Home Analyst Research Stock Screener Fund Screener Commentary Commentary Home Breakingviews Breakingviews Home Sport Sport Home Football Formula One Tennis Cricket Golf Rugby Union Sport Video Life Lifestyle Home Health Environment Entertainment Arts Oddly Enough Lifestyle Video Entertainment Video Environment Video Pictures Pictures Home The Wider Image Photographers Focus 360 Video GSK files potential $1 billion shingles vaccine for U.S. approval Africa América Latina عربي Argentina Brasil Canada 中国 Deutschland España France India Italia 日本 México РОССИЯ United Kingdom United States Global Energy News | Mon Oct 24, 2016 | 8:22am BST GSK files potential $1 billion shingles vaccine for U.S. approval Signage for GlaxoSmithKline is seen on it's offices in London, Britain, March 30, 2016. REUTERS/Toby Melville/File Photo By Ben Hirschler | LONDON LONDON GlaxoSmithKline (GSK.L) has filed its shingles vaccine Shingrix for U.S. regulatory approval, the drugmaker said on Monday, bringing the potential $1 billion (0.81 billion pound)-a-year seller a step closer to market. Shingrix is viewed by analysts as among the British company's most promising experimental products, since it has shown greater protection among older recipients than Merck & Co's (MRK.N) rival shot Zostavax. GSK itself highlighted Shingrix as one of its top near-term pipeline hopes last November, during its first research and development day in more than a decade. The company, which will see Emma Walmsley take over as chief executive in 2017, is seeking to revitalise a drug portfolio hit by falling sales of best-selling inhaled lung treatment Advair. In clinical trials, GSK's vaccine remained 90 percent effective in people over age 70, even four years after injections. Zostavax efficacy, by contrast, varies between 18 and 70 percent, and it declines noticeably in older people. People who are 70 years or older are often most at risk from shingles, a painful, itchy rash that results from the reactivation of latent chickenpox virus. The impressive trial results should put Shingrix in a strong competitive position, analysts believe, even though it requires two doses, against just one for Zostavax, and it is also linked to more injection site reactions. Analysts, on average, predict that worldwide sales of Shingrix will reach 856 million pounds ($1.05 billion) in 2021, according to consensus forecasts compiled by Thomson Reuters. Sales of Zostavax, the only shingles vaccine on the market at present, totalled $749 million in 2015. GSK's vaccine contains a component from U.S. biotech firm Agenus (AGEN.O), which is entitled to royalties on future sales. GSK said it planned to file Shingrix for European and Canadian approval before the end of this year, with Japan following in 2017. (Editing by Susan Fenton and Jason Neely) Next In Global Energy News Oil and gas mogul Hamm tops Trump short-list for U.S. energy secretary - sources NEW YORK, Nov 14 Continental Resources Chief Executive Harold Hamm is at the top of President-elect Donald Trump's list to serve as energy secretary, according to U.S. Representative Kevin Cramer of North Dakota, a Trump energy adviser who confirmed he is also under consideration for the job. RPT-U.S. shale firms go back to work buoyed by OPEC deal, Trump victory HOUSTON, Nov 14 U.S. shale producers are redeploying cash, rigs and workers, cautiously confident the energy sector has turned a corner after Donald Trump's election victory and OPEC's recent signal that it plans to curb production. AGL mulls importing LNG to Australia's southeast MELBOURNE, Nov 14 AGL Energy is considering importing liquefied natural gas (LNG) to southeastern Australia from 2021, in a move that could ease the grip on supply that four producers led by ExxonMobil Corp hold in the region. MORE FROM REUTERS Sponsored Content From Around the Web Promoted by Taboola Trending Stories Sponsored Topics X Follow Reuters: Follow Us On Twitter Follow Us On Facebook RSS Follow Us On LinkedIn Subscribe: Newsletters | Apps Reuters News Agency | Brand Attribution Guidelines Reuters is the news and media division of Thomson Reuters. Thomson Reuters is the world's largest international multimedia news agency, providing investing news, world news, business news, technology news, headline news, small business news, news alerts, personal finance, stock market, and mutual funds information available on Reuters.com, video, mobile, and interactive television platforms. Learn more about Thomson Reuters products: Eikon Information, analytics and exclusive news on financial markets - delivered in an intuitive desktop and mobile interface Elektron Everything you need to empower your workflow and enhance your enterprise data management World-Check Screen for heightened risk individual and entities globally to help uncover hidden risks in business relationships and human networks Westlaw Build the strongest argument relying on authoritative content, attorney-editor expertise, and industry defining technology ONESOURCE The most comprehensive solution to manage all your complex and ever-expanding tax and compliance needs CHECKPOINT The industry leader for online information for tax, accounting and finance professionals All quotes delayed a minimum of 15 minutes. See here for a complete list of exchanges and delays. Site Feedback Corrections Advertise With Us Advertising Guidelines AdChoices Terms of Use Privacy Policy
Multimedia Today's Paper Topics ePaper WealthCheck SEARCH Follow Home News Markets Companies Money & Banking Economy Info-tech Opinion Specials Portfolio Catalyst BLink National Science Sports World Variety Education Real Estate Cities4Climate GSK files $1 b shingles vaccine for US approval Reuters   ·   print   ·   T+  ·   T- Tweet London, October 24:   GlaxoSmithKline has filed its shingles vaccine Shingrix for US regulatory approval, the drugmaker said on Monday, bringing the potential $1 billion-a-year seller a step closer to market. Shingrix is viewed by analysts as among the British company's most promising experimental products, since it has shown greater protection among older recipients than Merck & Co's rival shot Zostavax. GSK itself highlighted Shingrix as one of its top near-term pipeline hopes last November, during its first research and development day in more than a decade. The company, which will see Emma Walmsley take over as chief executive in 2017, is seeking to revitalise a drug portfolio hit by falling sales of best-selling inhaled lung treatment Advair. In clinical trials, GSK's vaccine remained 90 per cent effective in people over age 70, even four years after injections. Zostavax efficacy, by contrast, varies between 18 and 70 per cent, and it declines noticeably in older people. People who are 70 years or older are often most at risk from shingles, a painful, itchy rash that results from the reactivation of latent chickenpox virus. The impressive trial results should put Shingrix in a strong competitive position, analysts believe, even though it requires two doses, against just one for Zostavax, and it is also linked to more injection site reactions. Sales of Zostavax, the only shingles vaccine on the market at present, totalled $749 million in 2015. GSK's vaccine contains a component from US biotech firm Agenus, which is entitled to royalties on future sales. (This article was published on October 24, 2016) Related TOPICS chemicals | pharmaceutical | Companies  »  GlaxoSmithkline Consumer Healthcare Limited Quotes Snapshot Company Background Board of Directors Balance Sheet Profit & Loss Quarterly Results Financial Ratios Share Holding Pattern Score Board MF Holdings News Get more of your favourite news delivered to your inbox SEND MY NEWS Please enter your email. Thank You. Newsletter has been successfully subscribed. Tweet Please Wait while comments are loading... This article is closed for comments. Please Email the Editor VIDEO Video: The Brexit debate, explained more videos» Most Popular    Trump vows to immediately deport up to 3 million undocumented migrants    Tsunami hits New Zealand coast after powerful earthquake    Two killed as powerful earthquake strikes New Zealand    Donald Trump begins forming his team    Trump, Xi establish sense of mutual respect    Does Donald Trump’s victory spell the end of the West?    Raheel orders effective response to Indian firing    Swedish officials quiz Julian Assange at Ecuador embassy in London    COP22 Marrakech: Will Trump’s presidency topple international efforts at climate action?    Alibaba’s Jack Ma to support his 8-year-old look-alike MOST POPULAR MOST COMMENTED Trump says will take $1 as salary with no vacations How Trump’s win can impact Indian IT Trump asks people to stop harassment of Muslims, Latinos Trump names Priebus, Bannon to key White House roles Global students may shun new, ‘less-welcoming’ US 7.4 magnitude quake rattles New Zealand India-US strategic, defence ties will undergo paradigm shift India, Israel to discuss reviving defence deals, free trade talks during Rivlin visit Trump Administration wants companies to stay in US, rebuild economy Hillary Clinton blames FBI director for her election loss Top Gainers / Top Losers LATEST NEWS Future Group, INI Farms tie up to boost banana, pomegranate output Markets come to a standstill as cash crunch hits traders and farmers Plantation sector in limbo over payment of wages Fruits, veggie trade severely hit Is the North-East monsoon headed for a washout? More » O P E N close Recent Article in World Cooperation is the only choice: China’s Xi tells President-elect Chinese President Xi Jinping told US President-elect Donald Trump in a telephone call that cooperation was the only choice for relations... » Business Line: Home | News | Markets | Companies | Money & Banking | Economy | Info-tech | Opinion | Specials | Portfolio | Catalyst | BLink | This Site: About Us | Contacts | Privacy Policy | Archives | Subscription | RSS Feeds | Site Map | Brand Quest | ePaper | Social | BL Club | Mobile | Group Sites: The Hindu | தி இந்து | Business Line | BL on Campus | Sportstarlive | Frontline | The Hindu Centre | RoofandFloor | STEP | Publications | eBooks | Images | Comments to: web.businessline@thehindu.co.in. Copyright © 2016, The Hindu Business Line. NEVER miss any latest news! we will have it delivered hot to your inbox! SUBSCRIBE Please enter your email. Thank You. Newsletter has been successfully subscribed.
null
< WRAL.com WRAL Tech Wire Processing, Please wait. You are about to be taken to our payment provider site to update your account information, Continue? Yes No Life Sciences VC & Funding Startups Mobile & Broadband Employment Analysis Insider Benefits Posted Oct. 24, 2016 at 6:56 a.m. GSK seeks US approval for blockbuster shingles vaccine Published: 2016-10-24 06:56:49 Updated: 2016-10-24 06:56:49 Post a comment Print this blog postE-mail blog post GSK's HQ in London Related Blog Posts GSK to pay $20M to resolve SEC charges in China bribery case+ SEC case summary GSK names Emma Walmsley to replace Andrew Witty as CEO GSK sells anesthetic meds to Aspen in $372M deal GSK is No. 1 on Fortune 'Change the World' list; Novozymes 9th, IBM 47th By Wire reports Tags: Biotech & Life Science, GSK Research Triangle Park, N.C. — GlaxoSmithKline is seeking FDA approval for its new shingles vaccine, a drug that analysts say could be a $1 billion-a-year blockbuster. GSK, which has major operations across the Triangle, says the vaccine known as Shindrix would target prevention of herpes zestor, or shingles, in people age 50 and older. The vaccine performed very well in Phase 3 clinical trials. Analysts polled by Thomson Reuters expect the drug to top $1 billion in revenue by 2021. If approved, Shindrix would compete with Zostavax, a near $750 million-a-year seller in the U.S. It is made by Merck. “Shingles is a common and potentially serious condition. It can cause lasting pain and other complications such as scarring or visual impairment, which can severely impact the quality of people’s lives," said Dr. Emmanuel Hanon, GSK's head of Vaccines R&D, in the announcement which was made in London. "The risk of developing shingles increases with age and it is estimated that up to one in every three people is at risk. Today’s file submission puts us a step closer to making this vaccine available to help protect more people from shingles and the complications associated with it.” GSK's description GSK described the vaccine this way: "The candidate vaccine is a non-live, recombinant vaccine to help prevent shingles and its complications. The phase III clinical trial programme showed that by reducing the incidence of shingles, the candidate vaccine also reduced the overall incidence of postherpetic neuralgia (PHN), a form of chronic pain associated with shingles. Regulatory approval is being sought for the vaccine to be given intramuscularly in two doses, with a two to six month interval between doses." GSK (NYSE: GSK) also is seeking approval for the vaccine in Canada and the EU. Default | Chart | Revenue The Phase 3 trial included more than 37,000 people. Read the full announcement at: http://www.gsk.com/en-gb/media/press-releases/2016/gsk-announces-us-regulatory-submission-of-candidate-vaccine-for-prevention-of-shingles/ WRAL TechWire any time: Twitter, FacebookCopyright 2016 WRAL TechWire. All rights reserved. Editor's Blog The latest blog posts from our WRAL TechWire and WRAL editors. Read more articles…         Please Log In to add a comment. Latest for Insiders    Healthcare organizations embrace mobile strategy    Good news for fintech: Revenues to double by 2020    Net neutrality at risk? Plus: AT&T-DirecTV data move    Facebook captures nearly 80 percent of online audults Latest Tech News  2ULaundry, pickup and delivery service startup, raises $400K Bunker Labs program receives $1.5M funding boost Earnings: Novan, Argos, TransEnterix, Heat Bio, MaxPoint, ChannelAdvisor Hot Off The Wire Tracking WTW through social media: Like, track, link to us Following WTW through social media: Like, track, link to us Tracking WTW through social media: Like, track, link to us Biotech & Life Science Samsung $8B auto tech play; Facebook glitch; Pfizer price cut; airline computer outage; China's Singles Day 45 headlines not to be missed: WTW week in review, part 2 45 headlines not to be missed: WTW's week in review, part 1 Venture & Innovation  Fundings: Undercover Colors, TCI Software raising cash Hatteras Ventures to manage NC's Venture Capital Multiplier Fund Catching up with Lizzie Hazeltine, from Startup Factory to interim editor at ExitEvent CONNECT  Follow Us on Twitter  Like Us on Facebook  Follow Us on LinkedIn Rick Smith WRAL TechWire Editor The Skinny Catching up with Lizzie Hazeltine, from Startup Factory to interim editor at ExitEvent CED reports $175M through 62 capital deals in Q3 Google to offer real-time election returns for North Carolina NetApp cuts 6% of work force, won't say how many layoffs to hit RTP  Lenovo exec: Shifting data center, other leaders are moves to 'optimize talent'  Why is RTP such an agtech hot spot? Accelerator CEO explains  AgTech Accelerator closes on $8.5M in additional capital CED counters HB2 blowback with positive 'WhyNC' campaign Lenovo to launch 'Kung Fu' smartphone Nov. 8 Lenovo unveils first US smartphone; 3D version coming Nov. 1 Trending Apple AT&T Biotech Broadband Cisco E-commerce Economic development Employment Fiber Google IBM Internet Layoffs Lenovo Local Firms Opinion Analysis PC industry Startups Telecommunications and Wireless Venture STEM News  Planet Fitness franchise operator bringing 3 STEM campuses to Triangle  Citing need for tech workers, report says computer science ed must be 'urgent priority'  InnovateEDU: A summit to inspire minority, female students to study STEM Copyright © 2016 Capitol Broadcasting Company, Inc. FAQ Story Archive Contact Us Advertise With Us RSS Feed AdChoices Privacy Policy Terms of Use Valid XHTML 1.0   CSS Load Check
null
null
  Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Wires Home My Profile Logout Login Feedback DailyMail NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad GSK files potential $1 bln shingles vaccine for U.S. approval By Reuters Published: 03:14 EST, 24 October 2016 | Updated: 03:14 EST, 24 October 2016 e-mail 14 shares By Ben Hirschler LONDON, Oct 24 (Reuters) - GlaxoSmithKline has filed its shingles vaccine Shingrix for U.S. regulatory approval, the drugmaker said on Monday, bringing the potential $1 billion-a-year seller a step closer to market. Shingrix is viewed by analysts as among the British company's most promising experimental products, since it has shown greater protection among older recipients than Merck & Co's rival shot Zostavax. GSK itself highlighted Shingrix as one of its top near-term pipeline hopes last November, during its first research and development day in more than a decade. The company, which will see Emma Walmsley take over as chief executive in 2017, is seeking to revitalise a drug portfolio hit by falling sales of best-selling inhaled lung treatment Advair. In clinical trials, GSK's vaccine remained 90 percent effective in people over age 70, even four years after injections. Zostavax efficacy, by contrast, varies between 18 and 70 percent, and it declines noticeably in older people. People who are 70 years or older are often most at risk from shingles, a painful, itchy rash that results from the reactivation of latent chickenpox virus. The impressive trial results should put Shingrix in a strong competitive position, analysts believe, even though it requires two doses, against just one for Zostavax, and it is also linked to more injection site reactions. Analysts, on average, predict that worldwide sales of Shingrix will reach 856 million pounds ($1.05 billion) in 2021, according to consensus forecasts compiled by Thomson Reuters. Sales of Zostavax, the only shingles vaccine on the market at present, totalled $749 million in 2015. GSK's vaccine contains a component from U.S. biotech firm Agenus, which is entitled to royalties on future sales. GSK said it planned to file Shingrix for European and Canadian approval before the end of this year, with Japan following in 2017. ($1 = 0.8191 pounds) (Editing by Susan Fenton and Jason Neely) Share or comment on this article e-mail 14 shares Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article. Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail     DON'T MISS 'She's modified her face beyond all recognition!' Carol Vorderman, 55, stuns viewers after exhibiting 'frozen' complexion on I'm A Celeb It's getting hot in here! Ola Jordan shows off her dancer's body in tiny red bikini as she hits the jungle shower with Sam Quek and Scarlett Moffatt on I'm a Celeb Carol Vorderman, 55, strips down to a VERY racy swimsuit on I'm A Celeb...as 'happily single' star tells campmates 'I do alright' when it comes to men She looks to be doing just fine! Kim Kardashian's friend shares rare photo of reality star recluse as she dresses up in belly dancer costume for fun Ashley James puts on a eye-popping display in an itsy-bitsy bikini as she soaks up the sun on the beach in Ibiza Making the most of the sun 'It's me or the wardrobe!' Frankie Gaff gives Jamie Laing an ultimatum. He found living with her and her 'floordrobe' too much to bear on Made In Chelsea, by Jim Shelley  Cor (rie) blimey! Helen Flanagan showcases her incredible figure in a racy cut-out bikini as she holidays in Dubai with boyfriend Scott Sinclair Chloe Ferry reportedly FIRED from Geordie Shore after 'kicking new housemate Zahida Allen in the head'  The 21-year-old was shown the door Now that's a lesson in style! Myleene Klass exposes her cleavage in plunging jumpsuit as she leads the red carpet glamour at School of Rock press night She's proud of that booty! Khloe Kardashian flaunts her derriere as she does squats at the gym Taking after her bigger sister (in both senses) Real men wear pink! Brooklyn Beckham follows in his mother Victoria's fashionable footsteps as he makes a statement with pink beanie hat Frankie Bridge is the picture of elegance in plunging patterned gown at Virgin awards... after her husband Wayne makes I'm A Celebrity debut PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Tom Hiddleston steps out with a pretty blonde Taylor Swift lookalike... two months after split with pop star Flashed a beaming grin She needs a nap! Pregnant Marion Cotillard looks weary during LA dinner after tirelessly promoting Brad Pitt WWII film Allied Struggling Holly Willoughby is close to tears on This Morning as a distraught mother breaks down over her son's planned suicide during bullying phone-in The Eighties called! Sheridan Smith is unrecognisable as a busty brunette on set of the movie adaptation of comic Jo Brand's book As schizophrenic mum Newly-engaged Pixie Lott can barely contain her glee as she heads to jewellers hours after fiancé Oliver Cheshire popped the question What a gem!  Emma Watson stars as Belle in the first trailer for Disney's long-awaited live action remake of Beauty And The Beast Looks stunning Choosing her prince wasn't ALWAYS such an easy choice! Meghan Markle giggles as she is asked to pick either William or Harry months before romance She's a good sport! Gigi Hadid tries her hand at table tennis as she makes a sweeping entrance at VIP dinner in stylish satin jumpsuit In high spirits 'Worst thing I've ever done': I'm A Celeb's Scarlett, Jordan, Ola and Sam do Bushtucker Trial featuring 120,000 critters... as Moffatt is voted in first From refurbished iPads to a good-as-new Sony PS4: Ways to save money on your children's gifts this Christmas (without any fewer smiles!) SPONSORED Make-up free Coleen Rooney flaunts her trim figure in semi-sheer mesh workout gear as she hits the gym Making the most of her free time Demure Dita! Burlesque extraordinaire Von Teese steps out in modest black polo neck and ornate silver skirt for evening in London Jessica Simpson's father Joe, 58, confirms he has prostate cancer and has already undergone surgery 'He's feeling great now and is optimistic' 'It's like we get a little bit of dad back': Bindi Irwin says she remembers her dad the best every time she puts on her Australia Zoo uniform Not very ladylike! Lady Victoria Hervey, 40, displays more than expected as she flashes perky assets when risqué swimsuit unfastens Dapper Brad Pitt takes selfies with adoring fans at Allied screening in China... as he returns to the public eye after split with Angelina Jolie In better spirits again 'She works really hard': X Factor's Sam Lavery defends Honey G after elimination... as rapper faces backlash for surviving ANOTHER week 'He's such a good man': Marion Cotillard gushes about Allied co-star Brad Pitt... after shooting down rumours of an on set romance Caught up in split Naomi Campbell speaks for the first time about what it means to be black and British and joins other famous stars who were told to limit their ambitions due to their skin colour Take that! Bella Hadid throws a punch as she works out in boxing class after split from The Weeknd Was snug in her black, oversize fuzzy jacket  Girl time! Bella Thorne and Demi Lovato don skinny jeans as they catch up over lunch at the trendy Urth Caffe They both have new romances 'I had a bit of a nervous breakdown' Ryan Reynolds admits secret battle with anxiety as he's named GQ's Man of the Year He's filming Deadpool Coy Khloe Kardashian attempts to go incognito in huge hoodie as she steps out in wake of Tristan Thompson split rumours  Looked glum 'I gave up my career for a really long time': Ayda Field admits she TURNED DOWN a major US TV show to be with husband Robbie Williams 'It was very romantic': Goldie Hawn gets VERY candid about her and Kurt Russell's sex life and discusses split with ex husband Bill Hudson In Aspen, Colorado,  'Fame is the best drug': Lady Gaga opens up about her addiction to stardom as she covers Harper's Bazaar She penned an open essay to the magazine Twice the star power! Madonna puckers up as she and Zac Efron take selfies together at UFC's Connor McGregor star-studded fight Lucky Star 20 years and counting! Ant and Dec sign new three-year deal with ITV marking a landmark anniversary with the channel and promising more I'm A Celeb and BGT until at least 2019 'It's really awkward': Girl On The Train star Haley Bennett on being constantly mistaken for Jennifer Lawrence There is an uncanny likeness 'I lost Jack': Natalie Portman is a heartbroken First Lady after JFK's assassination in emotionally charged trailer for Jackie Natalie Portman flatters her pregnant figure in a striped T-shirt as she runs errands A regular errand-running day, despite the relsease of a mega-bucks trailer Waiting on mom! Jennifer Garner grabs breakfast while Ben Affleck and son Samuel goof around in their car The amicable exes appeared to be relaxed  'I could write a book on back problems!': Duncan James confirms he is fit and well after sudden visit to A&E... five months after emergency surgery on his spine Post election blues: Alec Baldwin looks depressed as he strolls with family before accusing NBC of not allowing SNL to endorse Hillary Clinton Back to her Mean Girls roots! Lindsay Lohan shows off new red locks reminiscent of her infamous movie character in cosy Instagram selfie Showdown! Exes Justin Bieber and Selena Gomez will compete for Artist Of The Year at the American Music Awards On November 20 It's only three weeks old! Amber Rose can't hide her horror as her brand new $371k Rolls-Royce gets rear-ended 'It's awesome!' Hailee Steinfeld opens up about being part of Taylor Swift's squad as she flashes her bra for magazine cover Gave glimpse of her bra 'I felt isolated': Robbie Williams describes the roller coaster ride with drugs, drink and depression that almost killed him... as he gets tearful over his daughter Hat's the way to do it! TOWIE's George Harrison flaunts her enviably svelte figure in a sizzling cut-out monokini as she enjoys a beach break in Spain 'Let's keep fighting to make it a better world for our children': Katie Holmes shares rare photo of daughter Suri with powerful message A productive playdate 'Sort your jaw out!' Vicky Pattison is slammed for 'gurning' on I'm A Celeb Extra Camp... as she mistakes show for Xtra Factor in awkward blunder 'I'm heartbroken, but proud of myself': Daisy Lowe flashes her toned abs in a crop top as she puts on a brave face after Strictly elimination  Put on a brave face 'She's built like a woman': Tommy Hilfiger praises 'smart, funny and humble' Gigi Hadid as he shows off his luxury New York apartment  'The 80s are back!' Luke Hemsworth channels He-Man for retro birthday bash with brother Liam and Miley Cyrus Time is rolling back 'They eat and stargaze': Sean Penn gripes about celebs who attend his foundation's annual gala... but don't donate a cent Looking rugged Ariel Winter posts a VERY cheeky Instagram snap from her Mexican holiday with Levi Meaden and pals Certainly making a splash 'We had good gossip': Courtney Love reveals unlikely friendship with Hillary Clinton... after meeting as they got their hair cut at same salon They met in 1988 'Being right sucks': The Simpsons poke fun at themselves in opening credits of first episode since Trump's election after predicting his presidency 16 years ago Young And The Restless star Corey Sligh, 28, arrested for molesting a girl under the age of 10 in Georgia The arrest took place on October 14 in Georgia Pretty as a petal! Jaime King looks ultra feminine in romantic lace gown at intimate fashion dinner She was certainly the belle of the ball EXCLUSIVE: How Andy Cohen refused an invitation into Cher's bedroom and fuelleda feud between Mariah Carey and Jennifer Lopez Catherine Tyldesley flaunts her toned legs in skintight jeans as she presents radio show... after teasing Corrie's 'heartbreaking' Christmas storyline 'Why are you in, miss? You're a millionaire!' GBBO champ Candice Brown reveals pupils were shocked to see her return to her job as a PE teacher after win Off-duty beauty: Lottie Moss goes make-up free and rocks a casual outfit as she jets out of Barcelona after a girls' weekend  Bare faced chic She's a peach! Adriana Lima flaunts her lean bronzed limbs in pretty floral mini dress as she shops in Miami  Turned sidewalk into her catwalk Nick Knowles moves into estranged wife Jessica's home following 'traumatic' split 11 months ago... after admitting they 'are working through things' 'I've NEVER eaten a takeaway': Mary Berry shares her biggest foodie secrets (and reveals what husband Paul will be getting her for Christmas this year) Secrets of an A-list body: We reveal how YOU can get Mark Wahlberg's pecs The 45-year-old actor is renowned for his toned pecs LeAnn Rimes holds hands with husband Eddie Cibrian as they reunite with his ex-wife Brandi Glanville at son's soccer match Families united Ola Jordan keeps her lace dress ON as she sets up camp in I'm A Celeb... as jealous husband James warns about hitting on his 'firecracker' 'He has never taken responsibility for her': I'm A Celebrity's Larry Lamb 'has a secret daughter who he had at 21... and hasn't seen for 46 years'  'She just didn't even try': Former I'm A Celeb winner Charlie Brooks calls out Helen Flanagan for being 'the worst' campmate at bushtucker trials 'I don't know if it was dancing or a seizure': Cheeky Robbie Williams gives mother-in-law Gwen harsh critique as she dances to Pray on Loose Women Jesy Nelson is seen without her engagement ring AGAIN during Sydney trip... as speculation heightens over 'split' from fiancé Jake Roche PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Hilary Duff shows off her fit figure in a skimpy bikini while on holiday with boyfriend Jason Walsh in Puerto Vallarta  Feeling the heat 'There's so much I wish I could thank him for, just one last time': Leonard Cohen's son writes emotional tribute to his father following his death aged 82 Did Kendall Jenner quit Instagram? Model's account no longer available after ballerina outrage Following Kim's lead and taking a break? Jailed Apollo Nida set to return to Real Housewives Of Atlanta with his new FIANCEE (but what will Phaedra Parks say?) Serving eight years Millie Mackintosh shows off her abs in a berry bikini as she models for boyfriend Hugo Taylor's sunglasses line in Mauritius Wish you were here? Final plans for Leonardo DiCaprio's ultra-luxury private eco resort on 104-acre island off Belize are released  Bought in 2005 'It's been challenging, but like Alan Partridge, I'm bouncing back': Tony Blackburn opens up about returning to BBC radio months after being sacked  'She should be ashamed of herself!' Sharon Osbourne is slammed on Twitter as X Factor fans accuse her of changing her mind at the last minute In need of a drink? Simon Cowell clutches a bottle of beer as he leaves The X Factor with Lauren Silverman after Honey G survives ANOTHER week Getting the after-party started! Dita Von Teese, Dominic Cooper and Ophelia Lovibond let loose at the Evening Standard Theatre Awards Madonna's age gap... between her face and hand: Wrinkled mitts give away the singer's age as she attends UFC bout in New York  Unable to disguise age Chic Julia Roberts is every inch the stylish soccer mom in low-key skinny jeans and a hat as she cheers on her kids Low-key superstar 'You could bleed to death': Kris Jenner warns Kim Kardashian about seeking third natural pregnancy on KUWTK Hard to take in Chrissy Teigen oozes retro glamour in a super-plunging Seventies-style jumpsuit as Fergie goes for a sheer mini at intimate fashion dinner Lindsay Lohan at the centre of a battery case as 'two Russians assault a man accused of spreading rumours about her' More drama The People v OJ Simpson leads the way with six Critics' Choice Awards nominations... as Game Of Thrones gets five Booty-ful day at the beach! Larsa Pippen shows off her fit figure in plunging white swimsuit while sunbathing in Miami Kim K's BFF A head for heights! Carol Vorderman leads the way as she conquers terrifying 300ft walk above city in I'm A Celebrity's first Bushtucker Trial   Ultimate flashing champion! Newly-single Bella Hadid shows off her bra in sheer top as she goes hell for leather on way to Conor McGregor fight EXCLUSIVE: 'I didn't want to leave the house': Frankie Essex says fitness helped her combat depression... as she reveals remarkable weight loss in a bikini 'Who is voting for her?' Honey G faces fresh backlash as talented act Sam Lavery leaves and farcical X Factor rapper isn't even in bottom two Could she win? Wild thing! Busty Ashley James sets pulses racing in a barely-there leopard print bikini as she jets off to Malta Series of sizzling snaps Daisy Lowe misses out on Blackpool as she is voted off Strictly after a  dance off against Greg Rutherford... but Ed Balls sails through again in  Gangnam Style Khloe Kardashian posts cryptic Instagram message amid speculation she's split with new beau Tristan Thompson Over already? 'We never asked to be role models': Perrie Edwards says she feels 'pressure' to act responsibly as she joins Little Mix co-stars for sizzling photo shoot I'm a Celebrity... it's getting hot in here! Joel Dommett, Wayne Bridge and Adam Thomas flash their ripped chests in the first jungle shower of the season 'Larry Lamb for Bond!': Twitter left in hysterics as EastEnders star dives into swamp to save Scarlett Moffatt from canoe disaster on I'm A Celebrity PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Hilary buff! Ms Duff puts her sculpted physique on display in a studded bikini during Mexican holiday Let the sunshine! Biggest surprise ever': Pixie Lott reveals she's engaged to long-term love Oliver Cheshire as she shows off dazzling diamond ring on Instagram  Cruel... No not nature's predators - Sir David Attenborough. He used  'rape' of Snow Leopards to make viewers suffer in Planet Earth II, writes JIM SHELLEY  'If your ex has been an a***hole, it's nice to belittle them': Little Mix stars get candid about faking orgasms and shaming former boyfriends in song 'I thought my life would be normal': Hollywood megastar Goldie Hawn says she only ever wanted to get married, have children and run a dance school  Lily Donaldson shows off her cleavage and legs in a daring dress with thigh-high slit at star-studded Evening Standard Theatre Awards Elizabeth Hurley wows in a plunging black dress as she's joined by her very dapper son Damian, 14, for a night at the Evening Standard Theatre Awards  Still part of the family! Billie Piper wows in glam gown as she jokes with ex Laurence Fox's cousin Freddie at the Evening Standard Theatre Awards Margo Stilley flashes her lace bra and hot pants in raunchy sheer dress as she makes rare red carpet appearance at Evening Standard Awards Now James Corden turns his talents to Christmas ads! Sainsbury's enters the fray with an animated commercial featuring singing from the star In a Potter bother! Fantastic Beasts star Eddie Redmayne reveals he got grilled over wand after trying to smuggle it through customs Pucker up! Jesse Metcalfe and fiancee Cara Santana pack on the PDA at their engagement party They got engaged in August after eight years 'Thank you all so much': The X Factor's Sam Lavery shows little emotion as she is latest contestant to be voted off... after tense singing battle with Ryan Lawrie SPOILER ALERT: 'She's not mine!': Rick Grimes makes explosive revelation about 'daughter' on The Walking Dead More trouble ahead Shameless actor Jody Latham is accused of 'terrorising' a former Apprentice star in feud over his ex-fiancee  Appeared at Manchester Magistrates' Court PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Kourtney Kardashian flaunts fabulous figure in skimpy bikini on romantic getaway in Mexico with on/off beau Scott Disick Alexander McQueen's London penthouse hits the market for £8.5 million (complete with bespoke chandeliers, a dining terrace and walk-in dressing rooms)  Lea Michele shimmers in strapless dress as Kristen Bell goes sheer daring in lacy top for Christmas event in LA Black was back at glitzy event 'Wolf with rabies': Teresa Giudice continues taunting Jacqueline Laurita as fiery RHONJ reunion concludes On/off friendship  Happiest place! Singer Ashlee Simpson and hubby Evan Ross enjoy family bonding day with kids at Disneyland Happy every after  Lily James is spring chic in yellow dress and denim jacket as she is seen for first time on set of Baby Driver Filming the crime comedy in Atlanta A man cave for her Tyga? Kylie Jenner stocks a special room with Playboy magazine for 'the boys' at her Hidden Hills mansion Mags and an ashtray Unhappy birthday to you! Glum Anne Hathaway is a lady in red as she heads out for fancy celebratory dinner She had been stumping for Hillary Clinton What a whirl-wand trip! Eddie Redmayne looks exhausted as he lands in London in time for the premiere of Fantastic Beasts after debuting movie in New York Pregnant Katherine Heigl dresses her baby bump with loose fitting tank top at flea market with husband Josh Kelley Looking for baby gifts? Chic but sombre, the Duchess of Cambridge joins Camilla and Sophie Wessex at the Cenotaph on Remembrance Sunday A von Furstenberg coat  EXCLUSIVE: 'He pursued her heavily': I'm A Celeb's Lisa Snowdon 'devastated' to learn footballer ex Jay Bothroyd was married during eight-month affair 'FIRST look': Ruby Rose posts teaser of The Veronicas' new single On Your Side... which details her love story with singer Jess Origliasso  Kate Beckinsale shows off her slim figure in tight top as she attends AFI FEST in Los Angeles Always looks sensational  'He's the Trump of Strictly': Ed Balls divides viewers after Gangnam Style saves him as it's revealed he'll perform a Great Balls of Fire jive in Blackpool You must be jo-KING? EastEnders hardman Danny Dyer makes heir-larious discovery as it's revealed he is a descendant of royalty Cockney royalty Animal attraction! Make-up free Heidi Klum, 43, gets wild with leopard print at a celeb-studded fundraiser in Los Angeles Wild thing She's got some front! Rebecca Hall looks radiant in low-cut patterned dress at AFI Fest in Los Angeles The Christine star paired her unique dress  Sharp-suited Tom Hiddleston arrives at Evening Standard Theatre Awards in good spirits... amid claims Taylor Swift will sing about their breakup Corrie's Beverley Callard 'hasn't met her 11-month-old grandchild' despite living just down the road  Laura Cross made the claims against the star 'People can call me a mug but we are happy': Megan McKenna stands by reunion with Pete Wicks after sexting scandal... and no longer checks his social media 'It's very sad': Iconic soap star Eileen Derbyshire, 85, may not return to Coronation Street after 55-year run Has been absent now for 12 months 'You had me at bonjour': Make-up free Rebecca Gayheart, 45, shows off her clear complexion as she dons cheeky T-shirt at charity event Nikki Reed stuns in white off-the-shoulder patterned top as she attends ACLU dinner in LA The 28-year-old looked gorgeous as ever She's a real page turner! Actress Emma Roberts goes make-up free as she peruses a newsstand in Los Angeles Looked simply chic SPOILER ALERT: Ecstatic Gemma Winter meets lifelong crush Peter Andre as the pop star makes a cameo on Coronation Street Getting star treatment 'I feel so sorry for her': Catherine Tyldesley steps out in a wintry ensemble as she heads to a radio appearance to tease 'heartbreaking' Xmas storyline Hollywood power couple Jennifer Aniston and Justin Theroux go unnoticed in Germany... after saying he makes her feel 'completely adored' Stunning at 70! Goldie Hawn cuts a fabulous figure in silk dress as she makes an appearance ahead of her comedy show in Melbourne Back to her pre-baby best! Kim Kardashian recycles 2009 Princess Jasmine costume for fun with North She worked hard to get  back in pre-baby shape JK's fantastic new hero is just the magic we need: BRIAN VINER on the latest instalment of the Potter franchise  Plenty to say about restablishment stooges Nicole Kidman reunites with her To Die For director Gus Van Sant and co-star Casey Affleck for Variety taping Cult black comedy Coleen Rooney looks glam in an off-the-shoulder top as she enjoys a girls' night out at new Liverpool restaurant Flashed the flesh From Hollywood to Hollyoaks! Dallas star Linda Gray, 76, brings the glam to Chester in first look at her cameo in the Channel 4 soap  An unlikely arrival She's ripped! Kelly Bensimon wears torn blue jeans while out with daughter Thadeus in New York City Stepped out in New York over the weekend Michelle Keegan 'house-hunting in South Africa' as she prepares to spend eight more months away from Mark Wright for Our Girl filming Billy Bob Thornton smokes a cigarette as he touches down in LA after saying ex-wife Angelina Jolie 'seems OK' following Brad Pitt split Hailey Baldwin flaunts her bikini body in a swimsuit before planting a kiss on her female friend Model and daughter of Stephen Baldwin From Ab Flab to Ab Fab! Helen Lederer sheds eight pounds and drops a dress size in just three days after surviving on 400 calories A DAY 'It's about finding the right balance': Marion Cotillard admits she struggles to balance her professional and personal life... after denying Brad romance The good life! Ariel Winter proudly flaunts backside as she twerks in bikini during Mexican holiday with Levi Meaden and pals Continuing her holiday  Feeding the flock! Jennifer Garner and Ben Affleck provide snacks for family church as they bring their children to Sunday service At Pacific Palisades No comment! Kanye West refuses to confirm if he still plans to run for President in 2020  The 39-year-old Life of Pablo artist ignored questions Kanye West launches a new 'unpretentious' range of clothes - but a jumper will still set you back £1,745 and a T-shirt £159 A real man of the people 'You always inspire': Sylvester Stallone presents Jackie Chan with honourary Oscar... as Arnold Schwarzenegger also pays tribute 'I had a good time with dalliances': Robbie Williams jokes about making the most of his fame, how many of the Spice Girls he's REALLY slept with Swift beatz? Pop princess Taylor calls on rumoured rapper flame Drake 'to help give her music a hip-hop vibe' She reportedly wants to sound edgier Puppy love! Sofia Richie shows taut tummy as pal Cameron Dallas carries cute canine at West Hollywood store Enjoyed some dog time Miranda Kerr is the belle of the ball in an exquisite gold gown as she cosies up to sharp-suited fiancé Evan Spiegel at glittering Baby2Baby Gala Geordie Shore's Sophie Kasaei parades her sun-kissed curves on the beach after defending healthy Size 10 figure Showed off her bikini  'I'm no spring chicken': Ex-Strictly professional Ola Jordan, 34, says she's 'not body-confident' despite sneaking SIX sexy bikinis into I'm A Celeb 'I'm not having another baby, so screw you': EastEnders actress Jacqueline Jossa lashes out at cruel trolls who told her she looked pregnant 'He waited outside for her': Pregnant Amy Childs flees event after man 'threatened to punch her' Outside The Ideal Homes Show 'I only do the things I love': Mary Berry confirms filming for her own cooking show... as Bake-Off makers 'head to court over block on Channel 4 rival' 'That smile ain't nothing but a Dream!': Kris Jenner posts adorable snap of Rob Kardashian cradling his new baby girl Latest addition Jessica Alba goes casual chic as she takes her daughters to the Beverly Hills Farmers' Market She is known for her healthy lifestyle Mia Tyler announces she's expecting her first child by sharing picture of her bump First child for the artist, who is the daughter of Aerosmtih's Steven Scarlett Johansson shows off stunning curves in lilac cutaway dress at Ghost In The Shell trailer launch in Japan Glam evening Pamela Anderson cuts a chic figure as she brings MORE snacks to WikiLeaks founder Julian Assange... after he joked that her vegan treats were 'torture' Jamie Foxx has fun on set with Robert Downey Jr and Jeremy Piven as they film All-Star Weekend Revolves around two tow-truck drivers Kurves ahead! Khloe Kardashian shows off her incredible physique in a burnt orange dress as she heads to stylist Monica Rose's baby shower PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Megan Fox and Brian Austin Green take baby Journey and his older brothers on family outing Family united  'I was a bit of a b***ard': Phil Collins admits to cheating on his ex-wife, but says he was just 'following his heart' Regrets the affair 'I had nothing left to give him': Daisy Lowe falls foul of Strictly curse... as she and beau Bradley 'Frankie' Wade couldn't 'cope with the pressure' If you wannabe my mother: Ex-Spice Girl Victoria Beckham 'wants to manage her son Cruz's pop career' Thinks her experiences make her the perfect candidate Rod Stewart's rarely-seen daughter Ruby follows in her father's footsteps as she opens his tour in Liverpool The apple never falls far from the tree From Top Gear to top rear! Little Mix's Leigh-Anne Pinnock teaches Jeremy Clarkson how to twerk on the Jonathan Ross Show Awkward! GIRL ABOUT TOWN: Finally, Jeremy Clarkson is silenced - by the raging wife of Sir Shifty, Lady Green Someone who can stop the motormouth  GIRL ABOUT TOWN: Phasing out the Fogles! Prince William distances himself from Ben Fogle and his wife  Said to be fed up of Ben talking about him in public GIRL ABOUT TOWN: Doctor Who to marry Lady Rose? Besotted Matt Smith to pop the question to girlfriend Lily James by Christmas  Planning trip to New York Still the Princess of Darkness: X Factor judge Sharon Osbourne, 64, flips the bird as she leaves X Factor post-party looking a little worse for wear Outlandish behaviour Parkinson's sufferer Michael J. Fox appears to go Back To The Future with impassioned guitar solo as he leads special gig to support his charity Nicola Peltz flashes her taut abs in a crop top as she opts for an all-black look in Los Angeles Flashed a hint of her abs as she headed out Eye of the tiger, face of an angel: Ageless Madonna, 58, stuns with extremely taut appearance as she leads star-studded UFC fight crowd Kendall Jenner's hangout bar, Emma Stone's beloved salon and Jennifer Aniston's hiking spot: How to ditch the tourist traps and explore LA like a local A-Lister From Baywatch to bag watch: Giddy Kelly Rohrbach shops 'til she drops as she strains under a heavy load Made shopping look like hard work on Saturday PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Kate Upton and fiancé Justin Verlander put on a tactile display on romantic Italian vacation The 24-year-old model kept close in Florence Sheer delight! Nicole Kidman flashes her cleavage in plunging see-through gown at The Governors Awards... before slipping into classic white high-neck dress for later event 'I don't want to say!' Kris Jenner cries as her mother MJ asks her biggest fear in Keeping Up With The Kardashians Welled up on TV Getting some retail therapy! Julianne Moore and friend Laura Dern browse designer dresses at LA boutique  The 55-year-old looked to be in good spirits  'Loved it!' Kelly Clarkson takes baby Remington and daughter River to Disney World River, 2, and Remington, 7 months,  will have been delighted Danniella Westbrook sports new brunette hairdo, but STILL wears a plaster under her nose... amid reports she's suing Celebrity Botched Up Bodies Hard man Mickey Rourke, 64, proves he's a big softy at heart as muscular actor cradles beloved fluffy pooch The age-defying actor, 64, showed off his bulging biceps People wanted to kill me, says Prince Harry's girl: Meghan Markle opens up to PIERS MORGAN about dating, death threats and most embarrassing moment  Bataclan TURNS AWAY Eagles of Death Metal - who were playing when ISIS massacred 90 music fans - as the concert hall reopens a year after the attack with Sting performance Cringing Cowell! Simon is left red-faced after Dermot shares throwback picture of him with a VERY dodgy hairdo on X Factor Giving a gun show too! What happens in Vegas stays still in Vegas! Britney Spears does the Mannequin Challenge to celebrate Sin City success  Flesh-flashing Charlotte Dawson flirts up a storm with new rugby player boyfriend Matt Sarsfield as they're spotted together for the first time Trinny Woodall's 'nightmare' £300,000 divorce battle from beyond the grave: Fashion guru's bizarre High Court battle over her dead ex's debts  Get Me Out Of Here already! Scarlett Moffatt can't contain her disgust as she's forced to canoe through swampy waters in I'm A Celebrity's first grizzly challenge 'Strictly viewers are delighted to spot Mary Berry in the audience... but are reduced to tears as Judge Rinder's granddad wells up on-screen  She's got good jeans! Khloe Kardashian shows off her toned bottom...as she hits out at haters online Addressing all the criticism Frill-seeker! Slimmed-down Tina Malone shows off her TINY size six figure in black flamenco-style dress as she steps out at RTS Awards Disco fever! Leona Lewis oozes 70s glamour in corkscrew curls and plunging sequin gown as she steals the show at animal charity gala in LA Cara Delevingne flashes her abs with a sexy pin-up on her jacket... as she turns her mind to modelling following St Vincent split She had taken a step back from her modelling  Donatella Versace claims that gay male fashion designers create clothes for the 'women they want to be' rather than their customers   Female style icon Rachel Weisz is cosy beneath a bizarre woolly hat  She is famed for starring in cult classic The Mummy, but Rachel Weisz looked like she was almost embalmed  Ready to take the plunge! Ola Jordan glams up before the jungle in a low cut peachy dress as she meets her I'm A Celebrity team mates Slinky Scherzinger! Nicole shows off stunning figure in racy cut out dress on X Factor before changing into JUST a pink jacket for dinner  Chrissy Teigen and daughter Luna host baby shower for celebrity stylist Monica Rose... and Khloe Kardashian and Kris Jenner are on hand too Braided beauty! Cara Delevingne cuts a fashionable flyer in a chic bomber jacket as she touches down at LAX Eyes front, Philip! A playboy prince eyeing up the ladies? Don't worry, Ma'am - it's only a VERY impertinent scene from hit TV show The Crown  What will Ma'am think? Hugh Jackman spotted cosying up with Madonna at UFC title fight in New York  Watched Conor McGregor and Eddie Alvarez battle it out Vin Diesel and Nina Dobrev fuel the hype for xXx: Return of Xander Cage at Los Angeles fan event Diesel, 49, looked every part the action hero  Will Smith is in high spirits as he has a laugh on set for upcoming fantasy film Bright Will Smith spent his Saturday hard at work on his forthcoming fantasy thriller Bright Liquid gold! Lily Collins oozes class in backless satin gown at the Academy's Governors Awards in Hollywood Perhaps Lily Collins had her sights set on a gold statue Blue bombshell! Bryce Dallas Howard stuns at star-studded Weinstein Company party featuring Matthew McConaughey A real showstopper All-natural beauty! Jenna Dewan is pretty in pink with husband Channing Tatum at Baby2Baby Gala in Los Angeles  Had her black locks parted in the middle Kate Hudson shines in gold number as she poses with Matthew McConaughey and wife Camila at Baby2Baby Gala Sheerly amazing! Jessica Alba stuns in partially transparent black gown for star-studded Baby2Baby Gala in Los Angeles Charity that supports babies in need In the navy! Jennifer Garner is beautiful in blue as she stuns on red carpet of Baby2Baby Gala in LA The 44-year-old actress looked beautiful in blue Bella Thorne is epitome of casual chic in Daisy Dukes and snakeskin boots before slipping into crop top and ripped jeans Two different outfits 'Bonding with mommy!' Blac Chyna breastfeeds daughter Dream in newborn baby's first tweet Created an Instagram account in baby's name Blac Chyna's mother Tokyo Toni shows charitable side as she promotes food drive after second grandchild is born Tokyo Toni is feeling charitable  Pretty in pattern! Emma Stone and Michelle Williams wow in sparkling gowns for the eighth annual Governors Awards in Hollywood The actresses arrived dressed to the nines Demi Lovato holds hands with rumoured MMA fighter beau Luke Rockhold as they arrive to UFC 205 in New York It's been the worst kept celebrity couple secret for a while now Head Start to Home Cooked Get Recipes more SHARE PICTURE Copy link to paste in your message Find out more... Find out more... Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Network This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Syndication Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
null
Latest News Dow 18,869 +21.03 +0.11% Nasdaq 5,218 -18.72 -0.36% S&P 500 2,164 -0.25 -0.01% 6:20 P.M. ET Google to block its ads from fake-news sites 6:18 P.M. ET 'Mars': National Geographic Network's Moonshot 6:04 P.M. ET Obama Addresses Concerns About Bannon's Appointment 6:06 P.M. ET Updated David Einhorn’s Greenlight Capital reduces stakes in Apple, GM, buys U.S. Steel 6:04 P.M. ET Updated SEC chief Mary Jo White announces plans to leave 6:02 P.M. ET Obama Addresses Concerns About Bannon's Appointment 5:47 P.M. ET Updated Deutsche Bank raises S&P 500 year-end target after postelection rally 5:35 P.M. ET George Soros buys stakes in Alphabet, Netflix, dumps Disney, General Motors 5:31 P.M. ET Updated Donald Trump and Vladimir Putin speak by phone 5:19 P.M. ET Financial services industry is at risk to get even whiter 5:15 P.M. ET David Tepper's hedge fund buys new stakes in Apple, Bank of America and Facebook 5:11 P.M. ET Estee Lauder to buy Too Faced for $1.45B, looks to 'win with millennials' 5:10 P.M. ET Einhorn adds Aercap, Calpine, United States Steel, trims Apple stake 5:02 P.M. ET My father-in-law married his girlfriend before he died — she won’t return our calls 5:02 P.M. ET Tepper's Appaloosa sells entire 4.4 mln-share stake in 21st Century Fox during Q3--SEC filing 5:02 P.M. ET SEC says Mary Jo White to leave at the end of the Obama administration 5:00 P.M. ET Nasdaq names Adena Friedman president and CEO 5:00 P.M. ET The ‘Trump trade’ is shaking up markets around the globe 4:59 P.M. ET Updated CORRECT: Tepper's Appaloosa buys new 4.1 mln-share stake in Bank of America during Q3--SEC filing 4:58 P.M. ET Updated CORRECT: Tepper's Appaloosa trims Allergan stake slightly 1.2 mln shares during Q3--SEC filing Log In Home News Viewer Video SectorWatch Podcasts First Take Games Portfolio My MarketWatch News Viewer Markets U.S. Europe/Middle East Emerging Markets Asia Canada SectorWatch Columns Market Snapshot Movers & Shakers The Tell Currencies Futures Movers Pre-Market News Tools Earnings Wall Markets Overview IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar Currency Tools Futures Contracts Market Screener Hulbert Interactive Investing Stocks Mutual Funds ETFs Options Bonds Commodities Currencies Futures Hedge Funds/Insider Trades Getting Started MarketWatch Adviser Columns Options Trader Revolution Investing Tools Stock Screener Funds Finder ETF Screener Options Screener IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar More... Trading Deck . Personal Finance 10 Things Big Spender Real Estate Spending & Saving Taxes Columns The Moneyologist Brett Arends Bill Bischoff Amy Hoak Chuck Jaffe Jennifer Openshaw Jennifer Waters Tools Funds Finder Today's Rates Retirement RetireMentors Encore Taxes Retire Here, Not There How-to Guides Social Security Estate Planning Events Columns Robert Powell's Retirement Portfolio Andrea Coombes's Working Retirement Tools Retirement Planner How long will my money last? Economy Federal Reserve Capitol Report Economic Report Columns Darrell Delamaide Irwin Kellner Rex Nutting Tools Economic Calendar Real Estate Location Scouts realtor.com My MarketWatch Watchlist Alerts Games Log In Until Tokyo Markets Open US Market Snapshot Currencies Commodities Home Markets U.S. stocks close lower as earnings, data weigh By Ryan Vlastelica Published: Oct 25, 2016 4:02 p.m. ET Share By RyanVlastelica Markets reporter U.S. stocks closed lower on Tuesday, pressured as the latest corporate results raised new concerns about whether the market's levels were justified given the pace of economic activity. Both 3M Co. [S: MMM] and Whirlpool Corp. [S: WHR] gave bearish outlooks, sending the stocks down sharply. 3M, a Dow component, fell 3%, offsetting positive results from fellow components Merck & Co. [S: MRK] and Procter & Gamble Co. [S: PG]. Sentiment was also pressured by the latest read on consumer confidence, which dropped to a three-month low in October. The Dow Jones Industrial Average [S: DJIA] fell 52.87 points, or 0.3%, to 18,170.16, while the S&P 500 [S: SPX] lost 8.1 points, or 0.4%, to 2,143.22. The Nasdaq Composite Index [S: COMP] shed 26.43 points, or 0.5%, to 5,283.4. Read the full story: Stock market ends lower after lackluster earnings, drop in consumer confidence MarketWatch Partner Center Celebrity Real Estate News Celebrities renege on their pledges to move out of U.S on the back of Trump win View More Investing If you're shocked that Trump won, you broke 3 basic principles of investing View More Barron's Next Dear President-Elect Trump, a millennial wishlist View More Investing Opinion: A 12-step plan to strengthen your portfolio after Trump's victory View More MarketWatch Site Index Topics Help Feedback Newsroom Roster Media Archive Premium Products Mobile Company Company Info Code of Conduct Corrections Advertising Media Kit Advertise Locally Reprints & Licensing Broker Center Your Ad Choices Dow Jones Network WSJ.com Barron's Online BigCharts Virtual Stock Exchange Financial News Online WSJ.com Small Business realtor.com Mansion Global Back to Top Copyright ©2016 MarketWatch, Inc. All rights reserved. By using this site you agree to the Terms of Service, Privacy Policy, and Cookie Policy. Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. Intraday data delayed per exchange requirements. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real time last sale data provided by NASDAQ. More information on NASDAQ traded symbols and their current financial status. Intraday data delayed 15 minutes for Nasdaq, and 20 minutes for other exchanges. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. SEHK intraday data is provided by SIX Financial Information and is at least 60-minutes delayed. All quotes are in local exchange time. Advanced Search Stocks Columns Authors Topics No results found LatestNews

Dienstag, 15.11.2016 Börsentäglich über 12.000 News von 551 internationalen Medien Indizes Kurs % News 24 h / 7 T Aufrufe 7 Tage Aktien Kurs % News 24 h / 7 T Aufrufe 7 Tage Xetra-Orderbuch Devisen Kurs % Rohstoffe Kurs % Passende Knock-Outs zu Ihrer Suchanfrage (Anzeige) Erweiterte Suche Ad hoc-Mitteilungen Startseite Nachrichten Aktienkurse Fonds Anleihen Derivate Rohstoffe Devisen Watchlist Aufklappen Schliessen Nachrichten»Global Humira (Adalimumab) Biosimilars Clinical Trial Insight Report 2016 - Humira had Topped US$ 14 Billion of Sales Globally - Research and Markets 25.10.2016 | 20:11 (4 Leser) Schrift ändern: (0 Bewertungen) PR Newswire·Mehr Nachrichten von PR Newswire Global Humira (Adalimumab) Biosimilars Clinical Trial Insight Report 2016 - Humira had Topped US$ 14 Billion of Sales Globally - Research and Markets DUBLIN, October 25, 2016 /PRNewswire/ -- Research and Markets has announced the addition of the "Humira Biosimilars Clinical Trial Insight" clinical trials to their offering. The Humira Biosimilars Clinical Trial Insight report gives comprehensive clinical insight on 33 biosimilars version of Humira drug in clinical pipeline. More than 10 of these biosimilars are in Phase-III trials and are expected to be commercially available in next 5-8 years. The patent protection assigned to Humira will expire in 2016 for US and 2018 for European market. The Humira stands for Human Monoclonal Antibody in Rheumatoid Arthritis. It is also termed as Adalimumab or D2E7 and is a recombinant Immunoglobulin G1 monoclonal antibody which is specific for tumor necrosis factor alpha (TNF-a). It is a drug designed by the mode of recombinant DNA technology for the treatment of rheumatoid arthritis, psoriatic arthritis, Crohn's disease and ulcerative colitis. In the rheumatoid arthritis adalimumab has the equivalent efficacy as that of methotrexate. It is produced by Abbot Laboratories but originally Humira was emerged from collaboration between Bioresearch Center in Massachusetts (BASF) and the Cambridge Antibody Technologies in the UK. Mid stage clinical trials were so promising that, at the end of 2000, Abbott agreed to buy the BASF Bioresearch Center for US$ 6.9 Billion. When Humira was launched in 2003, it was the third TNF-alpha antibody to the market. Its US, FDA approval for marketing was achieved on December 31, 2002. In 2012 to 2015 Humira topped the top selling pharmaceutical product lists and in 2015, Humira had topped US$ 14 Billion of sales globally. However, its superior dosing schedule and improved toleration over existing therapy enabled it to become the best in class agent. Furthermore, Abbott had a robust development program for Humira and expanded its use to other inflammatory disease such as psoriasis, Crohn's disease, and juvenile idiopathic arthritis. While prescribed to far fewer patients than Lipitor, the high cost of this biological medicine is such that Humira's sales were projected to exceed US$ 9 Billion. In December 2014, Indian drug maker Cadila Healthcare declared the launch of the first adalimumab biosimilar at a fifth of its U.S. price. The generic has been launched under the brand name Exemptia. In January 2016, another Indian drug maker Torrent Pharmaceuticals launched its biosimilar for adalimumab. Torrent's Adfrar would be the second generic biosimilar of adalimumab in the world. In September 2016 the US FDA approved Amgens biosimilar adalimumab-atto sold under the brand name Amjevita. Humira (Adalimumab) Clinical Insight Clinical Introduction Company Partnerships & Agreements Patent Analysis by Indication Designated Orphan Status by Indication & Country Brand Names by Country/Region Humira Biosimilars Clinical Insight by Company AET BioTech/BioXpress Therapeutics Alphamab Alteogen/Cristalia Amgen Axxo Biocad BIOCND/Genor Biopharma Biocon/Mylan Bionovis/The Instituto Vital Brazil Boehringer Ingelheim Celltrion CinnaGen Coherus BioSciences Dong A ST/Meiji Seika Pharma EMD Serono/Merck Fujifilm Kyowa Kirin Biologics Gene Techno Science Harvest Moon Pharmaceuticals Hetero Drugs Innovent Biologics LG Life Sciences mAbxience Meridian Biopharmaceuticals Momenta Pharmaceuticals Oncobiologics Pfizer PlantPraxis Reliance Life Sciences Samsung Bioepis Sandoz Shanghai Henlius Biotech Therapeutic Proteins International Zydus Cadila For more information about this clinical trials report visit http://www.researchandmarkets.com/research/6qbqrp/humira Media Contact: Research and Markets Laura Wood, Senior Manager press@researchandmarkets.com For E.S.T Office Hours Call +1-917-300-0470 For U.S./CAN Toll Free Call +1-800-526-8630 For GMT Office Hours Call +353-1-416-8900 U.S. Fax: 646-607-1907 Fax (outside U.S.): +353-1-481-1716 © 2016 PR Newswire Sie erhalten auf FinanzNachrichten.de kostenlose Realtime-Aktienkurse von  und  mit der Push-Technologie von   Wie bewerten Sie die aktuell angezeigte Seite?sehr gut123456schlechtProblem melden Google+ Seite Nachrichten • Aktienkurse • DAX • Xetra-Orderbuch • Watchlist Ad hoc-Mitteilungen • Nachrichten Börsen • Aktien-Empfehlungen Branchen • Medien • Nachrichten-Archiv Impressum | AGB | Disclaimer • Presse • Mediadaten RSS-News von FinanzNachrichten.de kostenlos für Ihren Browser und Ihre Homepage
Contact Us Journalists Blog Log In Sign Up Send a Release News Solutions Resources Search News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News dansk Deutsch español Français italiano Nederlands norsk português suomeksi svenska Asthma and COPD Drugs Market is Expected to Reach $50,359 Million, Globally, by 2022 - Allied Market Research News provided by Allied Market Research Oct 25, 2016, 11:30 ET Share this article PORTLAND, Oregon, October 25, 2016 /PRNewswire/ -- A new report published by Allied Market Research titled, "Asthma and COPD Drugs Market by Disease and Medication Class - Global Opportunity Analysis and Industry Forecasts, 2014-2022", projects that the global market for Asthma and COPD Drugs was valued at $38,960 million in 2015 and would reach $50,359 million by 2022, registering a CAGR of 3.7% from 2016 to 2022. Asthma segment dominated the market in 2015 and expected to continue its dominance throughout the forecast period. North America accounted around for around half of the Global Asthma and COPD Drugs market share in 2015. Continue Reading Allied Market Research Logo      (Logo: http://photos.prnewswire.com/prnh/20140911/647229 ) Increase in incidence and prevalence of asthma and COPD, growing geriatric population, technological advancement in the treatment of asthma and COPD diseases, growth in initiatives implemented by the government and non-government associations around the Global are the factors that majorly drive the growth of this market. However, stringent government regulations for the product approval, patent expiry of branded drugs, and side effects associated with drugs restrict the market growth. Summary of the Medical Imaging Informatics Market Report can be accessed on the website at: https://www.alliedmarketresearch.com/asthma-COPD-drug-market In 2015, the asthma segment accounted for over 65% share of the overall Asthma and COPD Drugs market. Increase in introduction of generic drugs, and rising prevalence of asthma coupled with geriatric population and changes in lifestyle are the major factors that attribute to the rise in growth of this market. Among the medication classes, the combination products segment held major share of the Global COPD and asthma drug market in 2015. This segment is expected to maintain its leading position in the overall market throughout the analysis period, primarily because of increase in focus on the effective asthma and COPD management and increase in the research and development of innovative treatment of the diseases. North America led the market share in 2015, and is expected to maintain this lead throughout the forecast period. The growth in the Asthma and COPD Drugs market in these regions attributes to the increase in the asthma and COPD patients, technological advancement in the treatment. However, Asia-Pacific is projected to be the fastest-growing region, registering a CAGR of 5.1% during the analysis period. This is mainly due to the increase in adoption rate for the technological advancement for treating asthma and COPD diseases. In addition, increase in research outsourcing from emerging markets, improvement of healthcare infrastructures, and increase in expenditures in the emerging markets (such as India and China) have boosted the market growth. Key findings of the study:  In 2015, COPD was the leading segment of overall Asthma and COPD Drugs market revenue, and is projected to grow at a CAGR of 7.5% during the forecast period. Anticholinergics segment is expected to grow at a remarkable CAGR of 6.7%, owing to increased and effective treatment of the disease. North America led the Global Asthma and COPD Drugs market in 2015. The combination products segment is projected to be the largest revenue-generating medication class segment. Japan alone is the major shareholder in the Asia-Pacific region accounting for over two-fifths share of the Asia-Pacific Asthma and COPD Drugs market. "The key players of the Global Asthma and COPD Drugs market are employing novel concepts and ideas to improve, manage and control asthma & COPD, and also enhance their profitability so as to gain a competitive edge over the other market players. Seretide/Advair, Symbicort, and Singular were leading brands and accounted for around one-fourth share in Global Asthma and COPD Drugs market" Says Sachin Sinha, Healthcare Analyst at Allied Market Research. The key players in the Asthma and COPD Drugs market are highly focused on expanding their business operations in the fast-growing emerging countries with new product launches as the preferred strategy. The key players profiled in this report include GlaxoSmithKline (GSK) (U.K), Novartis AG (Switzerland), Merck & Co. (U.S), Abbott Laboratories (U.S), Boehringer Ingelheim (Germany), AstraZeneca (U.K), Roche Holding AG (Switzerland), Teva Pharmaceutical Industries(Israel), Vectura Group (U.K), and Pfizer Inc. (U.S). Read similar market research reports on Pharmaceuticals at: https://www.alliedmarketresearch.com/life-sciences/Pharmaceuticals-market-report About Us:  Allied Market Research (AMR) is a full-service market research and business-consulting wing of Allied Analytics LLP based in Portland, Oregon. Allied Market Research provides global enterprises as well as medium and small businesses with unmatched quality of "Market Research Reports" and "Business Intelligence Solutions". AMR has a targeted view to provide business insights and consulting to assist its clients to make strategic business decisions and achieve sustainable growth in their respective market domain. We are in professional corporate relations with various companies and this helps us in digging out market data that helps us generate accurate research data tables and confirms utmost accuracy in our market forecasting. Each and every data presented in the reports published by us is extracted through primary interviews with top officials from leading companies of domain concerned. Our secondary data procurement methodology includes deep online and offline research and discussion with knowledgeable professionals and analysts in the industry. Contact: Rahul Thakur 5933 NE Win Sivers Drive #205, Portland, OR 97220 United States Direct: +1-503-894-6022 Toll Free: +1 (800) 792-5285 (U.S. & Canada) Fax: +1 (855) 550-5975 E-mail: sales@alliedmarketresearch.com Website: https://www.alliedmarketresearch.com SOURCE Allied Market Research My News Release contains wide tables. View fullscreen. Also from this source Oct 27, 2016, 10:30 ETEurope Sports Nutrition Market to Reach $10,429 Million, By 2021... Oct 26, 2016, 12:30 ETThrombectomy Devices Market is Expected to Reach $1,389 Million... Explore More news releases in similar topics Health Care & Hospitals Medical Pharmaceuticals Pharmaceuticals Surveys, Polls and Research You just read: Asthma and COPD Drugs Market is Expected to Reach $50,359 Million, Globally, by 2022 - Allied Market Research News provided by Allied Market Research Oct 25, 2016, 11:30 ET Share this article Phone 8AM - 10PM ET +1-888-776-0942 Send a Release Sign Up Blog For Journalists Contact Us Search Searching for your content... Advanced Search Contact 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Chat Online with an Expert Contact Us Solutions Cision Communication Cloud™ For Marketers For Public Relations For IR & Compliance For Agency For Small Business All Products About About PR Newswire About Cision Become a Publishing Partner Become a Channel Partner Careers   Global Sites Asia Brazil Canada Europe Finland France India Israel Mexico Middle East Netherlands Sweden United Kingdom My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Terms of Use Privacy Policy Information Security Policy Statement Site Map RSS Feeds Copyright © 2016 PR Newswire Association LLC. All Rights Reserved. A Cision company. News Solutions Resources News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News dansk Deutsch español Français italiano Nederlands norsk português suomeksi svenska Phone +1-888-776-0942 8AM - 10PM ET Chat Chat Online with an Expert All contact info Send a ReleaseLog In
Dienstag, 15.11.2016 Börsentäglich über 12.000 News von 551 internationalen Medien Indizes Kurs % News 24 h / 7 T Aufrufe 7 Tage Aktien Kurs % News 24 h / 7 T Aufrufe 7 Tage Xetra-Orderbuch Devisen Kurs % Rohstoffe Kurs % Passende Knock-Outs zu Ihrer Suchanfrage (Anzeige) Erweiterte Suche Ad hoc-Mitteilungen Startseite Nachrichten Aktienkurse Fonds Anleihen Derivate Rohstoffe Devisen Watchlist Aufklappen Schliessen Nachrichten»Asthma and COPD Drugs Market is Expected to Reach $50,359 Million, Globally, by 2022 - Allied Market Research 25.10.2016 | 17:31 (4 Leser) Schrift ändern: (0 Bewertungen) PR Newswire·Mehr Nachrichten von PR Newswire Asthma and COPD Drugs Market is Expected to Reach $50,359 Million, Globally, by 2022 - Allied Market Research PORTLAND, Oregon, October 25, 2016 /PRNewswire/ -- A new report published by Allied Market Research titled, "Asthma and COPD Drugs Market by Disease and Medication Class - Global Opportunity Analysis and Industry Forecasts, 2014-2022", projects that the global market for Asthma and COPD Drugs was valued at $38,960 million in 2015 and would reach $50,359 million by 2022, registering a CAGR of 3.7% from 2016 to 2022. Asthma segment dominated the market in 2015 and expected to continue its dominance throughout the forecast period. North America accounted around for around half of the Global Asthma and COPD Drugs market share in 2015. (Logo: http://photos.prnewswire.com/prnh/20140911/647229 ) Increase in incidence and prevalence of asthma and COPD, growing geriatric population, technological advancement in the treatment of asthma and COPD diseases, growth in initiatives implemented by the government and non-government associations around the Global are the factors that majorly drive the growth of this market. However, stringent government regulations for the product approval, patent expiry of branded drugs, and side effects associated with drugs restrict the market growth. Summary of the Medical Imaging Informatics Market Report can be accessed on the website at:https://www.alliedmarketresearch.com/asthma-COPD-drug-market In 2015, the asthma segment accounted for over 65% share of the overall Asthma and COPD Drugs market. Increase in introduction of generic drugs, and rising prevalence of asthma coupled with geriatric population and changes in lifestyle are the major factors that attribute to the rise in growth of this market. Among the medication classes, the combination products segment held major share of the Global COPD and asthma drug market in 2015. This segment is expected to maintain its leading position in the overall market throughout the analysis period, primarily because of increase in focus on the effective asthma and COPD management and increase in the research and development of innovative treatment of the diseases. North America led the market share in 2015, and is expected to maintain this lead throughout the forecast period. The growth in the Asthma and COPD Drugs market in these regions attributes to the increase in the asthma and COPD patients, technological advancement in the treatment. However, Asia-Pacific is projected to be the fastest-growing region, registering a CAGR of 5.1% during the analysis period. This is mainly due to the increase in adoption rate for the technological advancement for treating asthma and COPD diseases. In addition, increase in research outsourcing from emerging markets, improvement of healthcare infrastructures, and increase in expenditures in the emerging markets (such as India and China) have boosted the market growth. Key findings of the study: In 2015, COPD was the leading segment of overall Asthma and COPD Drugs market revenue, and is projected to grow at a CAGR of 7.5% during the forecast period. Anticholinergics segment is expected to grow at a remarkable CAGR of 6.7%, owing to increased and effective treatment of the disease. North America led the Global Asthma and COPD Drugs market in 2015. The combination products segment is projected to be the largest revenue-generating medication class segment. Japan alone is the major shareholder in the Asia-Pacific region accounting for over two-fifths share of the Asia-Pacific Asthma and COPD Drugs market. "The key players of the Global Asthma and COPD Drugs market are employing novel concepts and ideas to improve, manage and control asthma & COPD, and also enhance their profitability so as to gain a competitive edge over the other market players. Seretide/Advair, Symbicort, and Singular were leading brands and accounted for around one-fourth share in Global Asthma and COPD Drugs market" Says Sachin Sinha, Healthcare Analyst at Allied Market Research. The key players in the Asthma and COPD Drugs market are highly focused on expanding their business operations in the fast-growing emerging countries with new product launches as the preferred strategy. The key players profiled in this report include GlaxoSmithKline (GSK) (U.K), Novartis AG (Switzerland), Merck & Co. (U.S), Abbott Laboratories (U.S), Boehringer Ingelheim (Germany), AstraZeneca (U.K), Roche Holding AG (Switzerland), Teva Pharmaceutical Industries(Israel), Vectura Group (U.K), and Pfizer Inc. (U.S). Read similar market research reports on Pharmaceuticals at:https://www.alliedmarketresearch.com/life-sciences/Pharmaceuticals-market-report About Us: Allied Market Research (AMR) is a full-service market research and business-consulting wing of Allied Analytics LLP based in Portland, Oregon. Allied Market Research provides global enterprises as well as medium and small businesses with unmatched quality of "Market Research Reports" and "Business Intelligence Solutions". AMR has a targeted view to provide business insights and consulting to assist its clients to make strategic business decisions and achieve sustainable growth in their respective market domain. We are in professional corporate relations with various companies and this helps us in digging out market data that helps us generate accurate research data tables and confirms utmost accuracy in our market forecasting. Each and every data presented in the reports published by us is extracted through primary interviews with top officials from leading companies of domain concerned. Our secondary data procurement methodology includes deep online and offline research and discussion with knowledgeable professionals and analysts in the industry. Contact: Rahul Thakur 5933 NE Win Sivers Drive #205, Portland, OR 97220 United States Direct: +1-503-894-6022 Toll Free: +1 (800) 792-5285 (U.S. & Canada) Fax: +1 (855) 550-5975 E-mail: sales@alliedmarketresearch.com Website: https://www.alliedmarketresearch.com © 2016 PR Newswire Sie erhalten auf FinanzNachrichten.de kostenlose Realtime-Aktienkurse von  und  mit der Push-Technologie von   Wie bewerten Sie die aktuell angezeigte Seite?sehr gut123456schlechtProblem melden Google+ Seite Nachrichten • Aktienkurse • DAX • Xetra-Orderbuch • Watchlist Ad hoc-Mitteilungen • Nachrichten Börsen • Aktien-Empfehlungen Branchen • Medien • Nachrichten-Archiv Impressum | AGB | Disclaimer • Presse • Mediadaten RSS-News von FinanzNachrichten.de kostenlos für Ihren Browser und Ihre Homepage
Latest News Dow 18,869 +21.03 +0.11% Nasdaq 5,218 -18.72 -0.36% S&P 500 2,164 -0.25 -0.01% 6:20 P.M. ET Google to block its ads from fake-news sites 6:18 P.M. ET 'Mars': National Geographic Network's Moonshot 6:04 P.M. ET Obama Addresses Concerns About Bannon's Appointment 6:06 P.M. ET Updated David Einhorn’s Greenlight Capital reduces stakes in Apple, GM, buys U.S. Steel 6:04 P.M. ET Updated SEC chief Mary Jo White announces plans to leave 6:02 P.M. ET Obama Addresses Concerns About Bannon's Appointment 5:47 P.M. ET Updated Deutsche Bank raises S&P 500 year-end target after postelection rally 5:35 P.M. ET George Soros buys stakes in Alphabet, Netflix, dumps Disney, General Motors 5:31 P.M. ET Updated Donald Trump and Vladimir Putin speak by phone 5:19 P.M. ET Financial services industry is at risk to get even whiter 5:15 P.M. ET David Tepper's hedge fund buys new stakes in Apple, Bank of America and Facebook 5:11 P.M. ET Estee Lauder to buy Too Faced for $1.45B, looks to 'win with millennials' 5:10 P.M. ET Einhorn adds Aercap, Calpine, United States Steel, trims Apple stake 5:02 P.M. ET My father-in-law married his girlfriend before he died — she won’t return our calls 5:02 P.M. ET Tepper's Appaloosa sells entire 4.4 mln-share stake in 21st Century Fox during Q3--SEC filing 5:02 P.M. ET SEC says Mary Jo White to leave at the end of the Obama administration 5:00 P.M. ET Nasdaq names Adena Friedman president and CEO 5:00 P.M. ET The ‘Trump trade’ is shaking up markets around the globe 4:59 P.M. ET Updated CORRECT: Tepper's Appaloosa buys new 4.1 mln-share stake in Bank of America during Q3--SEC filing 4:58 P.M. ET Updated CORRECT: Tepper's Appaloosa trims Allergan stake slightly 1.2 mln shares during Q3--SEC filing Log In Home News Viewer Video SectorWatch Podcasts First Take Games Portfolio My MarketWatch News Viewer Markets U.S. Europe/Middle East Emerging Markets Asia Canada SectorWatch Columns Market Snapshot Movers & Shakers The Tell Currencies Futures Movers Pre-Market News Tools Earnings Wall Markets Overview IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar Currency Tools Futures Contracts Market Screener Hulbert Interactive Investing Stocks Mutual Funds ETFs Options Bonds Commodities Currencies Futures Hedge Funds/Insider Trades Getting Started MarketWatch Adviser Columns Options Trader Revolution Investing Tools Stock Screener Funds Finder ETF Screener Options Screener IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar More... Trading Deck . Personal Finance 10 Things Big Spender Real Estate Spending & Saving Taxes Columns The Moneyologist Brett Arends Bill Bischoff Amy Hoak Chuck Jaffe Jennifer Openshaw Jennifer Waters Tools Funds Finder Today's Rates Retirement RetireMentors Encore Taxes Retire Here, Not There How-to Guides Social Security Estate Planning Events Columns Robert Powell's Retirement Portfolio Andrea Coombes's Working Retirement Tools Retirement Planner How long will my money last? Economy Federal Reserve Capitol Report Economic Report Columns Darrell Delamaide Irwin Kellner Rex Nutting Tools Economic Calendar Real Estate Location Scouts realtor.com My MarketWatch Watchlist Alerts Games Log In Until Tokyo Markets Open US Market Snapshot Currencies Commodities Home Press Release Asthma and COPD Drugs Market is Expected to Reach $50,359 Million, Globally, by 2022 - Allied Market Research By Published: Oct 25, 2016 11:30 a.m. ET Share PORTLAND, Oregon, October 25, 2016 /PRNewswire via COMTEX/ -- PORTLAND, Oregon, October 25, 2016 /PRNewswire/ -- A new report published by Allied Market Research titled, "Asthma and COPD Drugs Market by Disease and Medication Class -Global Opportunity Analysis and IndustryForecasts, 2014-2022", projects that the global market for Asthma and COPD Drugs was valued at $38,960 million in 2015 and would reach $50,359 million by 2022, registering a CAGR of 3.7% from 2016 to 2022. Asthma segment dominated the market in 2015 and expected to continue its dominance throughout the forecast period. North America accounted around for around half of the Global Asthma and COPD Drugs market share in 2015.      (Logo: http://photos.prnewswire.com/prnh/20140911/647229 ) Increase in incidence and prevalence of asthma and COPD, growing geriatric population, technological advancement in the treatment of asthma and COPD diseases, growth in initiatives implemented by the government and non-government associations around the Global are the factors that majorly drive the growth of this market. However, stringent government regulations for the product approval, patent expiry of branded drugs, and side effects associated with drugs restrict the market growth. Summary of the Medical Imaging Informatics Market Report can be accessed on the website at: https://www.alliedmarketresearch.com/asthma-COPD-drug-market In 2015, the asthma segment accounted for over 65% share of the overall Asthma and COPD Drugs market. Increase in introduction of generic drugs, and rising prevalence of asthma coupled with geriatric population and changes in lifestyle are the major factors that attribute to the rise in growth of this market. Among the medication classes, the combination products segment held major share of the Global COPD and asthma drug market in 2015. This segment is expected to maintain its leading position in the overall market throughout the analysis period, primarily because of increase in focus on the effective asthma and COPD management and increase in the research and development of innovative treatment of the diseases. North America led the market share in 2015, and is expected to maintain this lead throughout the forecast period. The growth in the Asthma and COPD Drugs market in these regions attributes to the increase in the asthma and COPD patients, technological advancement in the treatment. However, Asia-Pacific is projected to be the fastest-growing region, registering a CAGR of 5.1% during the analysis period. This is mainly due to the increase in adoption rate for the technological advancement for treating asthma and COPD diseases. In addition, increase in research outsourcing from emerging markets, improvement of healthcare infrastructures, and increase in expenditures in the emerging markets (such as India and China) have boosted the market growth. Key findings of the study:  In 2015, COPD was the leading segment of overall Asthma and COPD Drugs market revenue, and is projected to grow at a CAGR of 7.5% during the forecast period. Anticholinergics segment is expected to grow at a remarkable CAGR of 6.7%, owing to increased and effective treatment of the disease. North America led the Global Asthma and COPD Drugs market in 2015. The combination products segment is projected to be the largest revenue-generating medication class segment. Japan alone is the major shareholder in the Asia-Pacific region accounting for over two-fifths share of the Asia-Pacific Asthma and COPD Drugs market. "The key players of the Global Asthma and COPD Drugs market are employing novel concepts and ideas to improve, manage and control asthma & COPD, and also enhance their profitability so as to gain a competitive edge over the other market players. Seretide/Advair, Symbicort, and Singular were leading brands and accounted for around one-fourth share in Global Asthma and COPD Drugs market" Says Sachin Sinha, Healthcare Analyst at Allied Market Research. The key players in the Asthma and COPD Drugs market are highly focused on expanding their business operations in the fast-growing emerging countries with new product launches as the preferred strategy. The key players profiled in this report include GlaxoSmithKline (GSK) (U.K), Novartis AG (Switzerland), Merck & Co. (U.S), Abbott Laboratories (U.S), Boehringer Ingelheim (Germany), AstraZeneca (U.K), Roche Holding AG (Switzerland), Teva Pharmaceutical Industries(Israel), Vectura Group (U.K), and Pfizer Inc. (U.S). Read similar market research reports on Pharmaceuticals at: https://www.alliedmarketresearch.com/life-sciences/Pharmaceuticals-market-report About Us:  Allied Market Research (AMR) is a full-service market research and business-consulting wing of Allied Analytics LLP based in Portland, Oregon. Allied Market Research provides global enterprises as well as medium and small businesses with unmatched quality of "Market Research Reports" and "Business Intelligence Solutions". AMR has a targeted view to provide business insights and consulting to assist its clients to make strategic business decisions and achieve sustainable growth in their respective market domain. We are in professional corporate relations with various companies and this helps us in digging out market data that helps us generate accurate research data tables and confirms utmost accuracy in our market forecasting. Each and every data presented in the reports published by us is extracted through primary interviews with top officials from leading companies of domain concerned. Our secondary data procurement methodology includes deep online and offline research and discussion with knowledgeable professionals and analysts in the industry.   Contact:Rahul Thakur 5933 NE Win Sivers Drive #205, Portland, OR 97220 United States Direct: +1-503-894-6022 Toll Free: +1 (800) 792-5285 (U.S. & Canada) Fax: +1 (855) 550-5975 E-mail: sales@alliedmarketresearch.com Website: https://www.alliedmarketresearch.com SOURCE Allied Market Research Copyright (C) 2016 PR Newswire. All rights reserved MarketWatch Partner Center Celebrity Real Estate News Celebrities renege on their pledges to move out of U.S on the back of Trump win View More Investing If you're shocked that Trump won, you broke 3 basic principles of investing View More Barron's Next Dear President-Elect Trump, a millennial wishlist View More Investing Opinion: A 12-step plan to strengthen your portfolio after Trump's victory View More MarketWatch Site Index Topics Help Feedback Newsroom Roster Media Archive Premium Products Mobile Company Company Info Code of Conduct Corrections Advertising Media Kit Advertise Locally Reprints & Licensing Broker Center Your Ad Choices Dow Jones Network WSJ.com Barron's Online BigCharts Virtual Stock Exchange Financial News Online WSJ.com Small Business realtor.com Mansion Global Back to Top Copyright ©2016 MarketWatch, Inc. All rights reserved. By using this site you agree to the Terms of Service, Privacy Policy, and Cookie Policy. Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. Intraday data delayed per exchange requirements. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real time last sale data provided by NASDAQ. More information on NASDAQ traded symbols and their current financial status. Intraday data delayed 15 minutes for Nasdaq, and 20 minutes for other exchanges. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. SEHK intraday data is provided by SIX Financial Information and is at least 60-minutes delayed. All quotes are in local exchange time. Advanced Search Stocks Columns Authors Topics No results found LatestNews
Regulatory News Search Search Products & Services    News Releases Close Send a release Become a client For journalists Global sites Asia Brazil Canada Finland France India Israel Mexico Netherlands Sweden United States See more news releases in Health Care & Hospitals | Medical Pharmaceuticals | Pharmaceuticals | Surveys, Polls and Research Asthma and COPD Drugs Market is Expected to Reach $50,359 Million, Globally, by 2022 - Allied Market Research Download image PORTLAND, Oregon, October 25, 2016 /PRNewswire/ -- A new report published by Allied Market Research titled, "Asthma and COPD Drugs Market by Disease and Medication Class - Global Opportunity Analysis and Industry Forecasts, 2014-2022", projects that the global market for Asthma and COPD Drugs was valued at $38,960 million in 2015 and would reach $50,359 million by 2022, registering a CAGR of 3.7% from 2016 to 2022. Asthma segment dominated the market in 2015 and expected to continue its dominance throughout the forecast period. North America accounted around for around half of the Global Asthma and COPD Drugs market share in 2015.      (Logo: http://photos.prnewswire.com/prnh/20140911/647229 ) Increase in incidence and prevalence of asthma and COPD, growing geriatric population, technological advancement in the treatment of asthma and COPD diseases, growth in initiatives implemented by the government and non-government associations around the Global are the factors that majorly drive the growth of this market. However, stringent government regulations for the product approval, patent expiry of branded drugs, and side effects associated with drugs restrict the market growth. Summary of the Medical Imaging Informatics Market Report can be accessed on the website at: https://www.alliedmarketresearch.com/asthma-COPD-drug-market In 2015, the asthma segment accounted for over 65% share of the overall Asthma and COPD Drugs market. Increase in introduction of generic drugs, and rising prevalence of asthma coupled with geriatric population and changes in lifestyle are the major factors that attribute to the rise in growth of this market. Among the medication classes, the combination products segment held major share of the Global COPD and asthma drug market in 2015. This segment is expected to maintain its leading position in the overall market throughout the analysis period, primarily because of increase in focus on the effective asthma and COPD management and increase in the research and development of innovative treatment of the diseases. North America led the market share in 2015, and is expected to maintain this lead throughout the forecast period. The growth in the Asthma and COPD Drugs market in these regions attributes to the increase in the asthma and COPD patients, technological advancement in the treatment. However, Asia-Pacific is projected to be the fastest-growing region, registering a CAGR of 5.1% during the analysis period. This is mainly due to the increase in adoption rate for the technological advancement for treating asthma and COPD diseases. In addition, increase in research outsourcing from emerging markets, improvement of healthcare infrastructures, and increase in expenditures in the emerging markets (such as India and China) have boosted the market growth. Key findings of the study:  In 2015, COPD was the leading segment of overall Asthma and COPD Drugs market revenue, and is projected to grow at a CAGR of 7.5% during the forecast period. Anticholinergics segment is expected to grow at a remarkable CAGR of 6.7%, owing to increased and effective treatment of the disease. North America led the Global Asthma and COPD Drugs market in 2015. The combination products segment is projected to be the largest revenue-generating medication class segment. Japan alone is the major shareholder in the Asia-Pacific region accounting for over two-fifths share of the Asia-Pacific Asthma and COPD Drugs market. "The key players of the Global Asthma and COPD Drugs market are employing novel concepts and ideas to improve, manage and control asthma & COPD, and also enhance their profitability so as to gain a competitive edge over the other market players. Seretide/Advair, Symbicort, and Singular were leading brands and accounted for around one-fourth share in Global Asthma and COPD Drugs market" Says Sachin Sinha, Healthcare Analyst at Allied Market Research. The key players in the Asthma and COPD Drugs market are highly focused on expanding their business operations in the fast-growing emerging countries with new product launches as the preferred strategy. The key players profiled in this report include GlaxoSmithKline (GSK) (U.K), Novartis AG (Switzerland), Merck & Co. (U.S), Abbott Laboratories (U.S), Boehringer Ingelheim (Germany), AstraZeneca (U.K), Roche Holding AG (Switzerland), Teva Pharmaceutical Industries(Israel), Vectura Group (U.K), and Pfizer Inc. (U.S). Read similar market research reports on Pharmaceuticals at: https://www.alliedmarketresearch.com/life-sciences/Pharmaceuticals-market-report About Us:  Allied Market Research (AMR) is a full-service market research and business-consulting wing of Allied Analytics LLP based in Portland, Oregon. Allied Market Research provides global enterprises as well as medium and small businesses with unmatched quality of "Market Research Reports" and "Business Intelligence Solutions". AMR has a targeted view to provide business insights and consulting to assist its clients to make strategic business decisions and achieve sustainable growth in their respective market domain. We are in professional corporate relations with various companies and this helps us in digging out market data that helps us generate accurate research data tables and confirms utmost accuracy in our market forecasting. Each and every data presented in the reports published by us is extracted through primary interviews with top officials from leading companies of domain concerned. Our secondary data procurement methodology includes deep online and offline research and discussion with knowledgeable professionals and analysts in the industry.   Contact: Rahul Thakur 5933 NE Win Sivers Drive #205, Portland, OR 97220 United States Direct: +1-503-894-6022 Toll Free: +1 (800) 792-5285 (U.S. & Canada) Fax: +1 (855) 550-5975 E-mail: sales@alliedmarketresearch.com Website: https://www.alliedmarketresearch.com SOURCE Allied Market Research More by this Source Europe Sports Nutrition Market to Reach $10,429 Million, By 2021 - Allied Market Research 27 Oct, 2016, 15:30 BST Thrombectomy Devices Market is Expected to Reach $1,389 Million by 2022, Globally - Allied Market Research 26 Oct, 2016, 17:30 BST Radiofrequency Ablation Devices Market Would Reach $3,785 Million by 2022, Globally - Allied Market Research 26 Oct, 2016, 17:00 BST View all news by Allied Market Research Journalists and Bloggers Visit PR Newswire for Journalists for releases, photos and customised feeds just for media. View and download archived video content distributed by MultiVu on The Digital Center. Next in Health Care & Hospitals News   Get content for your website Enhance your website's or blog's content with PR Newswire's customised real-time news feeds. Start today.       Contact PR Newswire Send us an email at MarketingUK@prnewswire.co.uk or call us at +44 (0)20 7454 5382       Become a PR Newswire client Request more information about PR Newswire products & services or call us at +44 (0)20 7454 5382     Products & Services Knowledge Centre Browse News Releases Meet the Media Contact PR Newswire About PR Newswire Contact PR Newswire PR Newswire's Terms of Use Apply Privacy and Cookie Policy Site Map RSS Feeds Blog Copyright © 2016 PR Newswire Association LLC. All Rights Reserved. A Cisioncompany. Powered by Clickability.
NAM website Facts About Manufacturing Press Room Home About Shopfloor Contact Shopfloor NAM Expert Blogs Shopfloor Policy Shopfloor Legal Shopfloor Economics President’s Blog Home About Shopfloor Contact Shopfloor NAM Expert Blogs Shopfloor Policy Shopfloor Legal Shopfloor Economics President’s Blog TPP in Real Life: From Bagel Baskets to Highly Engineered Industrial Products, Why One Baltimore-Based Small Business Says We Need to Pass TPP and Export Like Crazy By Ken MonahanOctober 25, 2016Shopfloor Main, Shopfloor Policy No Comments 1 Founded in 1968 and once known as the “king of the bagel baskets,” Marlin Steel Wire Products LLC is a Baltimore, Md., small business that has transformed and grown its manufacturing footprint to become a major supplier to industrial companies throughout the United States and globally, while saving and growing jobs in Baltimore. Marlin Steel facility in Baltimore, Md. Photo courtesy of David Bohrer/National Association of Manufacturers. Originally based in Brooklyn, N.Y., Marlin Steel moved to Baltimore when it was acquired by current President and Owner Drew Greenblatt in 1998. As demand for bagels declined and bagel basket imports flooded the U.S. market, Mr. Greenblatt recognized that Marlin Steel needed to shift the focus of its business to ensure continued growth. In the early 2000s, Marlin Steel invested in automated manufacturing robots, which expanded productivity and allowed the company to focus on highly engineered products, such as wire baskets, mesh baskets, material handling baskets and steel racks and baskets, which are in demand by many other industrial sectors ranging from automotive and aerospace to machinery and pharmaceuticals. Employing 24 steelworkers at its Baltimore facility, small Marlin Steel is a supplier to many large industrial companies, including Boeing, Caterpillar, Cummins, Ford, General Electric, General Motors, Honda, Lockheed Martin, Merck and Toyota. Marlin Steel wire conveyor basket used by the automotive industry on assembly lines in Michigan, Kentucky, Indiana and Ohio. Photo courtesy of Marlin Steel Wire Products LLC. Marlin Steel exports to 39 countries, and 25 percent of the company’s sales and jobs depend on exports. Mr. Greenblatt says that “free trade agreements level the playing field for U.S. goods and open markets for ‘Made in the USA’ exports by eliminating anti-manufacturing taxes and other barriers. If we could get rid of tariffs through the Trans-Pacific Partnership (TPP), Marlin Steel could hire unemployed Baltimore steelworkers for jobs that pay $25 per hour—that is, if Congress passes this critical agreement.” The TPP would eliminate all tariffs on products manufactured by Marlin Steel, including the 5 percent tariff charged on Marlin Steel’s exports to New Zealand and tariffs levied on these products by Vietnam (20 percent) and Malaysia (5 percent). As Mr. Greenblatt underscored in a recent Fox News “The Deciders” segment, “If you want to grow jobs, if you want to grow our country, we need more clients; we need new markets. America only has 4 percent of the world’s population. We need to export like crazy, and that’s how we’re going to grow, and that’s how we’re going to hire unemployed steelworkers.”   Read more TPP in Real Life stories here. About Latest Posts Ken Monahan Director for International Trade Policy at National Association of Manufacturers Ken Monahan is the Director for International Trade Policy at the National Association of Manufacturers (NAM), where he works with NAM member companies to develop and advocate the association’s positions and priorities on the Trans-Pacific Partnership, U.S.-EU trade matters (including the Transatlantic Trade and Investment Partnership), World Trade Organization (WTO) issues, miscellaneous tariff bills, conflict minerals, localization issues, and bilateral country trade matters. Mr. Monahan has on-the-ground experience negotiating trade agreements, having worked at the U.S. Department of Commerce on the WTO Doha Round negotiations, the U.S.-Korea free trade agreement and other international trade matters. Latest posts by Ken Monahan (see all) TPP in Real Life: How a Texas Instruments Semiconductor Designed in New Hampshire Can Travel 13,000 Miles and Power the World - October 28, 2016 TPP in Real Life: From Bagel Baskets to Highly Engineered Industrial Products, Why One Baltimore-Based Small Business Says We Need to Pass TPP and Export Like Crazy - October 25, 2016 TPP in Real Life: TPP Helps California-Based Company Connect the Dots for Manufacturers - October 21, 2016 Join NAM Stay Connected with Shopfloor Want to get the latest from Shopfloor delivered to your inbox? Sign Up Today. Email* Name First Last Blogroll Select Link   —   News, Politics, Commentary   — Big Government Larry Kudlow, CNBC Maria Bartiromo, CNBC The Hill, Briefing Room New York Times, The Caucus New York Times, Dot Earth Politico, The Arena Real Clear Politics WSJ/Economics Washington Times   —   Business, Industry, Associations   — API – Energy Tomorrow BizCentral.org Chamber Post CMTA – mPowered Blog CTIA – The Wireless Association Manufacturing Crunch Maryland Chamber Blog NEI Nuclear Notes NEMA Currents RSM McGladrey, Manufacturing Blog Sip and Savor (Beverage Industry)   —   Think Tanks, Activists   — American Enterprise Institute Cato @ Liberty Heritage Foundation, The Foundry National Center Blog   —   Law and Legal Policy   — Overlawyered Point of Law WLF Legal Pulse WSJ Law Blog   —   Labor, Human Resources   — The HR Capitalist Labor Pains Truth about EFCA Labor Relations Today   —   Blogging Favorites   — Best of the Web Today Glenn Reynolds, Instapundit Hugh Hewitt.com The Corner, National Review Online Michelle Malkin Megan McCardle, The Atlantic consumer confidence free trade agreements industrial production Environmental Protection Agency healthcare SEIU manufacturing employment AFL-CIO Monday Economic Report Health Care shipments Energy National Labor Relations Board exports CPSC economic outlook CPSIA Consumer Product Safety Improvement Act Trade new orders NLRB EFCA manufacturing activity EPA hiring card check economy Employee Free Choice Act manufacturers manufacturing Leave a Reply Cancel Reply Name * Email * Website Resources for Policymakers Manufacturing Policy Issues Facts About Manufacturing Manufacturing Industry News Manufacturing Buyers Guide Get Involved Join NAM Contact Us Manufacturing Social Media More Shopfloor About Home Contact Shopfloor Shopfloor Economics Shopfloor Legal Shopfloor Policy President’s Blog All Shopfloor Widget Area 4 Click here to assign a widget to this area. © 2016 Shopfloor. © {YEAR} National Association of Manufacturers. All Rights Reserved.
Dienstag, 15. November 2016 Facebook Twitter Gplus Xing LinkedIn Instagram Service Schließen Abo-Service Miniabo Jahresabo Studentenabo Leser werben Leser Premium-Service eMagazin WirtschaftsWoche Archiv WirtschaftsWoche Club Veranstaltungen Shop Newsletter RSS-Feeds Jobs Mobil Abo Shop Newsletter Suchbegriff, WKN, ISIN Startseite Unternehmen Banken Dienstleister Energie Industrie IT Handel Versicherer Mittelstand Anzeige Unternehmer stellen sich vor Auto Finanzen Politik Erfolg Technologie US-Wahl &nbsp;  Die WirtschaftsWoche   Unternehmen   Industrie   Merck&Co: US-Pharmakonzern profitiert von neuem Krebsmittel Merck&Co: US-Pharmakonzern profitiert von neuem Krebsmittel 25. Oktober 2016 , aktualisiert 25. Oktober 2016, 16:18 Uhr Bild vergrößern Der Pharmakonzern profitiert von seinem neuen Krebsmittel. Der Nettogewinn stieg gewaltig an. Bild:  AP Quelle:Handelsblatt Online Mit der Krebs-Immuntherapie Keytruda verzeichneten die Amerikaner im dritten Quartal das mit Abstand stärkste Wachstum bei ihren Medikamenten. Die Erlöse mit dem Mittel stiegen um 124 Prozent auf 356 Millionen Euro. Frankfurt/BangaloreDie Erfolge mit einem neuen Krebsmittel beflügeln den US-Pharmakonzern Merck&Co. Mit der Krebs-Immuntherapie Keytruda verzeichneten die Amerikaner im dritten Quartal das mit Abstand stärkste Wachstum bei ihren Medikamenten. Die Erlöse mit dem Mittel stiegen um 124 Prozent auf 356 Millionen Euro, wie Merck&Co am Dienstag mitteilte. Dagegen kämpft das Unternehmen mit seinem bislang umsatzstärksten Medikament, dem Diabetes-Mittel Januvia, weiterhin mit rückläufigen Erlösen. Insgesamt setzte der Pharmakonzern 10,5 Milliarden Dollar um, ein Plus von fünf Prozent. Der Nettogewinn kletterte binnen Jahresfrist um fast ein Fünftel auf 2,2 Milliarden Dollar. Für das Gesamtjahr hob Merck darauf seine Umsatz- und Ergebnisprognose an. Keytruda ist einer der größten Hoffnungsträger der Amerikaner. Für Aufsehen hatten Anfang Oktober neue Daten gesorgt, wonach mit Keytruda eine deutliche Verbesserung bei der Behandlung von Lungenkrebspatienten erreicht werden konnte. Das Mittel war darauf am Montag zum Einsatz bei Lungenkrebspatienten zugelassen worden, die bislang noch nicht behandelt wurden. Es ist zudem bereits zur Behandlung von bestimmten Lungenkrebsarten und fortgeschrittenem schwarzen Hautkrebs auf dem Markt. Analysten erwarten, dass Keytruda bis 2021 auf jährliche Umsätze von rund acht Milliarden Dollar kommen könnte. Anzeige rtrQuelle:  Handelsblatt Online Schlagworte: Arzneimittel Pharmaforschung Merck & Co Pharmazeutika Merck © Sie wollen unsere Inhalte verwenden? Erwerben Sie hier die Rechte! Versenden Drucken Merken Startseite Anzeige Mehr zum Thema Milliardenumsatz erwartet:  Bayer-Medikament gegen Schlaganfälle genehmigtArticle Im Schnellverfahren:  FDA will Krebspräparat von Roche prüfenArticle Pharmaunternehmen:  Bionorica will Cannabis-Schmerzmittel auf den Markt bringenArticle DAS PORTAL FÜR FIRMENVERKÄUFE – Provisionsfrei, unabhängig, neutral – Angebote Gesuche Eingestellt - alle - seit 30 Tagen seit 60 Tagen seit 90 Tagen seit 120 Tagen seit immer Branchen - alle - Baugewerbe Bergbau & Rohstoffgewinnung Dienstleistungen Gastgewerbe Gesundheits- & Sozialwesen Handel Handwerk Kommunikation & Information Kunst, Unterhaltung & Erholung Land- & Forstwirtschaft, Fischerei Logistik & Verkehr Produktion Versorgung & Entsorgung Mitarbeiter - alle - bis 10 bis 50 bis 100 bis 250 bis 500 > 500 Umsatz - alle - bis 1 Mio. Euro ab 1 Mio. Euro ab 5 Mio. Euro ab 10 Mio. Euro ab 20 Mio. Euro ab 50 Mio. Euro .   Serviceangebote unserer Partner Bellevue Ferienhaus: Exklusive Urlaubsdomizile zu Top-Preisen. Jobturbo: Finden Sie jetzt den passenden Job mit dem Jobturbo. My Best Company: Jetzt initiativ werden und erfolgreich bewerben. Immobilenscout24: Attraktive Angebote und Services rund um Ihre Wunschimmobilie. Krankenkassen-Vergleich Tagesgeldvergleich Girokonten-Vergleich Festgeld Bundesschatzbrief Geldanlageberater Kreditrechner Ratenkreditrechner Hypothekendarlehen Brutto-Netto-Rechner Baufinanzierung Tilgungsrechner Währungsrechner KFZ-Versicherungen Stromtarif-Vergleich DSL-Vergleich Rentenplaner Handelsregistersuche alle Tools Startseite Themen Blogs Kolumnen Bilder Videos Mobil Digitalpass WirtschaftsWoche Club Unternehmen Banken Dienstleister Energie Industrie IT Handel Versicherer Mittelstand Auto Finanzen Börse Geldanlage Vorsorge Steuern & Recht Immobilien WirtschaftsWoche Input FinanzTools Politik Deutschland Europa Ausland Konjunktur Erfolg Trends Management Gründer Beruf Jobsuche Campus & MBA Karriere Jobturbo Technologie Digitale Welt Auto Umwelt Forschung Gadgets WiWo Green Storytelling US-Wahl ir   © 2016 Handelsblatt GmbH - ein Unternehmen der Verlagsgruppe Handelsblatt GmbH & Co. KG Verlags-Services für Werbung: iqdigital.de (Mediadaten) | Verlags-Services für Content: Business Content | Sitemap | Online-Archiv Realisierung und Hosting der Finanzmarktinformationen: vwd Vereinigte Wirtschaftsdienste GmbH | Verzögerung der Kursdaten: Deutsche Börse 15 Min., Nasdaq und NYSE 20 Min. Keine Gewähr für die Richtigkeit der Angaben. Bitte beachten Sie auch folgende Nutzungshinweise, die Datenschutzerklärung und das Impressum. WirtschaftsWoche ist Mitglied im VDZ. Partnerseiten: Handelsblatt Online, karriere.de, absatzwirtschaft, Der Betrieb, Creditreform, VDI nachrichten, DUB Unternehmensnachfolge, DUB Franchiseunternehmen, bellevue-ferienhaus.de, bellevue-kreuzfahrten.de, semigator.de, boatoon.com, koffer.de, bellevue.de Nach oben Nutzungsbedingungen Impressum Datenschutz Nutzungsbasierte Onlinewerbung Mediadaten Archiv Kontakt JavaScript deaktiviert Warum sehe ich WirtschaftsWoche Online nicht? Um unser Angebot in vollem Umfang nutzen zu können, müssen Sie JavaScript in Ihrem Browser aktivieren. Nutzungshinweise Datenschutz Impressum Zur Startseite -0%1%2%3%4%5%6%7%8%9%10%11%12%13%14%15%16%17%18%19%20%21%22%23%24%25%26%27%28%29%30%31%32%33%34%35%36%37%38%39%40%41%42%43%44%45%46%47%48%49%50%51%52%53%54%55%56%57%58%59%60%61%62%63%64%65%66%67%68%69%70%71%72%73%74%75%76%77%78%79%80%81%82%83%84%85%86%87%88%89%90%91%92%93%94%95%96%97%98%99%100%
Wirtschaftsclub ePaper Archiv Abo Veranstaltungen Dienstag, 15.11.2016 Login | Registrieren Login Registrieren Digitalpass Finanzen Börsenkurse Märkte Anlagestrategie Immobilien Vorsorge Steuern + Recht Finanzrechner Unternehmen Industrie Banken + Versicherungen Handel + Konsumgüter Dienstleister IT + Medien Mittelstand Management Beruf + Büro Politik Deutschland International Konjunktur + Geldpolitik Weltgeschichten Technik IT + Internet Gadgets Forschung + Innovation Medizin Energie + Umwelt Auto Nachrichten Test + Technik Ratgeber + Service Sport Fußball Motorsport sonstige Sportarten Panorama Aus aller Welt Reise + Leben TV + Film Kultur + Kunstmarkt Spiele Social Media Handelsblatt bei Facebook Handelsblatt bei Twitter Handelsblatt bei Google + Handelsblatt bei Instagram Netz-Bubble Video Finanzen Unternehmen Politik Technik Auto Sport Panorama Bildergalerien Service Abo+Club Research Institute Tools Digitale Angebote Veranstaltungen RSS-Feeds Newsletter Werbung + Content Kontakt+Hilfe Industrie Banken + Versicherungen Handel + Konsumgüter Dienstleister IT + Medien Kolumnen Hans-Peter Siebenhaar: Medien-Kommissar Kai-Hinrich Renner: Medienmacher Britta Weddeling: Valley-Voice Mittelstand Special Hall of Fame Anzeige Lenze - The Future Engineer Unternehmer stellen sich vor HSBC: International wachsen Partnerangebote Deutsche Unternehmerbörse Management Kolumne Sabina Wachtel: Chef-Beraterin Anzeige IT Coach Beruf + Büro Kolumne Herr K. – der moderne Mann Partnerangebote My Best Company Anzeige McFit DAX: 10.693,69 +0,24 % E-Stoxx 50: 3.039,80 +0,32 % Dow Jones: 18.868,69 +0,11 % Gold: 1.220,66 -0,04 % EUR/USD: 1,0747 +0,03 % Alle Kurse  Handelsblatt   Unternehmen   Industrie   Merck&Co: US-Pharmakonzern profitiert von neuem Krebsmittel Merck&Co:  US-Pharmakonzern profitiert von neuem Krebsmittel Datum: 25.10.2016 15:11 Uhr Mit der Krebs-Immuntherapie Keytruda verzeichneten die Amerikaner im dritten Quartal das mit Abstand stärkste Wachstum bei ihren Medikamenten. Die Erlöse mit dem Mittel stiegen um 124 Prozent auf 356 Millionen Euro. Facebook Twitter Google+ Xing Linkedin Teilen Artikel Teilen Sie haben den Artikel in Ihre Merkliste aufgenommen. Möchten Sie ihn nicht auch gleich mit Feunden teilen? Nicht mehr fragen. Schließen Krebsforschung Der Pharmakonzern profitiert von seinem neuen Krebsmittel. Der Nettogewinn stieg gewaltig an.(Foto: AP) Frankfurt/BangaloreDie Erfolge mit einem neuen Krebsmittel beflügeln den US-Pharmakonzern Merck&Co. Mit der Krebs-Immuntherapie Keytruda verzeichneten die Amerikaner im dritten Quartal das mit Abstand stärkste Wachstum bei ihren Medikamenten. Die Erlöse mit dem Mittel stiegen um 124 Prozent auf 356 Millionen Euro, wie Merck&Co am Dienstag mitteilte. Dagegen kämpft das Unternehmen mit seinem bislang umsatzstärksten Medikament, dem Diabetes-Mittel Januvia, weiterhin mit rückläufigen Erlösen. Insgesamt setzte der Pharmakonzern 10,5 Milliarden Dollar um, ein Plus von fünf Prozent. Der Nettogewinn kletterte binnen Jahresfrist um fast ein Fünftel auf 2,2 Milliarden Dollar. Für das Gesamtjahr hob Merck darauf seine Umsatz- und Ergebnisprognose an. Keytruda ist einer der größten Hoffnungsträger der Amerikaner. Für Aufsehen hatten Anfang Oktober neue Daten gesorgt, wonach mit Keytruda eine deutliche Verbesserung bei der Behandlung von Lungenkrebspatienten erreicht werden konnte. Das Mittel war darauf am Montag zum Einsatz bei Lungenkrebspatienten zugelassen worden, die bislang noch nicht behandelt wurden. Es ist zudem bereits zur Behandlung von bestimmten Lungenkrebsarten und fortgeschrittenem schwarzen Hautkrebs auf dem Markt. Analysten erwarten, dass Keytruda bis 2021 auf jährliche Umsätze von rund acht Milliarden Dollar kommen könnte. Reuters Reuters  Thomson Reuters Deutschland GmbH / Nachrichtenagentur Alle Beiträge von Reuters  anzeigen. News Kolumnen Bilanzcheck 14.11.16Laurèl ist pleite: Chinesen geben bayerische Modefirma auf 14.11.16Samsung übernimmt Harman: Vom Audio zum vernetzten Auto 14.11.16Richemont: Luxusgüterkonzern erwägt Stellenabbau 14.11.16Chemie- und Pharmaindustrie: Zehn Milliarden Euro für neue Produkte 14.11.16Deutsche Telekom: Rückzug aus dem Übernahme-Rennen um HEG 14.11.16Der Medien-Kommissar: Hochamt der ARD 14.11.16Hapag-Lloyd-Großaktionär Kühne: Premium„Einen Teil habe ich im Geiste abgeschrieben“ 14.11.16Hapag-Lloyd: PremiumHanjin-Pleite stärkt Deutschlands Container-Riesen 14.11.16Solarworld in der Krise: Den Bonnern geht das Geld aus 14.11.16Neuer EBM-Papst-Chef Brandl: PremiumDie perfekte interne Lösung 14.11.16eHotel-Chef Fritz Zerweck: PremiumAldi-Preise gegen Goliath 14.11.16EZB-Bankenaufsicht: Tauglichkeitsprüfung von Top-Bankern soll vereinheitlicht werden 14.11.16Radpanzer und Sturmgewehre: Die Polizei rüstet auf 14.11.16Verleger Michael Müller: PremiumDer Reisebegleiter 14.11.16Lufthansa: Gewerkschaft ruft zu neuem Pilotenstreik auf 14.11.16Banken: Deutsche Bank hält Fusionspläne für verfrüht 14.11.16Pirelli-Chef Marco Tronchetti Provera: Premium„Reifen müssen sprechen lernen“ 14.11.16Übernahme: DZ Bank schluckt Tochter DVB 14.11.16Bankensektor in Japan: Mizuho-Bank kämpft mit Negativzinsen 14.11.16Urheberrecht: PremiumGenuss auf Kosten andererAlle Schlagzeilen Videos Bilder Tarifstreit erneut entfacht: Lufthansa streikt wieder Börsen-Bericht: Trumphorie heizt Europas Börsen ein - Siemensaktien gewinnen durch ÜbernahmeWeitere Videos Facebook Twitter Google+ Xing Linkedin Sie wollen unsere Inhalte verwenden? Erwerben Sie hier die Rechte StartseiteFrank-Walter Steinmeier: Eine Entscheidung der Vernunft image STELLENMARKT Mit dem Jobturbo durch- suchen Sie mehr als 215.000 Stellenanzeigen in 36 deutschen Stellenbörsen. Suchen Diese Jobs suchen die Handelsblatt-Leser: 1. Ingenieur   6. Bauingenieur 2. Geschäftsführer   7. Marketing 3. Financial Analyst   8. Jurist 4. Controller   9. Volkswirt 5. Steuerberater   10. Designer Social Media Monitoring Über welche Firmen das Netz diskutiert und was das für die Unternehmen bedeuten wird, erfahren Sie hier. Statistiken zum Thema Unternehmen Statista: Monatlicher Fahrzeugabsatz von Skoda in 2016 Statista: Venture Capital-Investitionen in den USA Q3 2016 nach Branchen Statista: Umsatz im Verarbeitenden Gewerbe in Deutschland - Monatswerte bis August 2016 Serviceangebote Finance Today Newsletter Handelsblatt Energie Briefing Finanzwissen testen und erweitern Handelsblatt macht Schule Jobangebote aus der Finanzbranche Übersicht Digitalpass Finanzen Unternehmen Politik Technik Auto Sport Panorama Social Media Video Service Service Facebook Twitter Google+ Kontakt/Hilfe Online-Archiv Veranstaltungen Netiquette Sitemap Nutzungshinweise Datenschutzerklärung Impressum Links Orange by Handelsblatt Handelsblatt Global Edition Handelsblatt Magazin iqdigital.de Morning Briefing Redner Agentur Research Institute vwd Vereinigte Wirtschaftsdienste Datenschutz-Berater WirtschaftsWoche karriere.de Absatzwirtschaft Der Betrieb OrganisationsEntwicklung Nutzungsbasierte Onlinewerbung Creditreform bellevue-ferienhaus.de boatoon.com koffer.de Mittelstandsportal DUB Unternehmensnachfolge DUB Franchiseunternehmen bellevue-kreuzfahrten.de © 2016 Handelsblatt GmbH - ein Unternehmen der Verlagsgruppe Handelsblatt GmbH & Co. KG Verlags-Services für Werbung: iqdigital.de (Mediadaten) | Verlags-Services für Content: Digitale Unternehmens-Lösungen Realisierung und Hosting der Finanzmarktinformationen: vwd Vereinigte Wirtschaftsdienste GmbH Verzögerung der Kursdaten: Deutsche Börse 15 Min., Nasdaq und NYSE 20 Min. Keine Gewähr für die Richtigkeit der Angaben. Bitte beachten Sie auch: Nutzungsbasierte Onlinewerbung Javascript deaktiviert Warum sehe ich Handelsblatt Online nicht? Um unser Angebot in vollem Umfang nutzen zu können, müssen Sie JavaScript in Ihrem Browser aktivieren. Nutzungshinweise Datenschutz Impressum Zur Startseite -0%1%2%3%4%5%6%7%8%9%10%11%12%13%14%15%16%17%18%19%20%21%22%23%24%25%26%27%28%29%30%31%32%33%34%35%36%37%38%39%40%41%42%43%44%45%46%47%48%49%50%51%52%53%54%55%56%57%58%59%60%61%62%63%64%65%66%67%68%69%70%71%72%73%74%75%76%77%78%79%80%81%82%83%84%85%86%87%88%89%90%91%92%93%94%95%96%97%98%99%100%
Dienstag, 15.11.2016 Börsentäglich über 12.000 News von 551 internationalen Medien Indizes Kurs % News 24 h / 7 T Aufrufe 7 Tage Aktien Kurs % News 24 h / 7 T Aufrufe 7 Tage Xetra-Orderbuch Devisen Kurs % Rohstoffe Kurs % Passende Knock-Outs zu Ihrer Suchanfrage (Anzeige) Erweiterte Suche Ad hoc-Mitteilungen Startseite Nachrichten Aktienkurse Fonds Anleihen Derivate Rohstoffe Devisen Watchlist Aufklappen Schliessen Nachrichten»Prescription Pharmaceuticals Market Worth USD 918.74 Billion by 2020 - Scalar Market Research 25.10.2016 | 15:42 (3 Leser) Schrift ändern: (0 Bewertungen) PR Newswire·Mehr Nachrichten von PR Newswire Prescription Pharmaceuticals Market Worth USD 918.74 Billion by 2020 - Scalar Market Research CHICAGO, October 25, 2016 /PRNewswire/ -- According to the new market research report, "Prescription Pharmaceuticals Market by Therapeutic Segments (Cardiovascular Disorders, Inflammatory Conditions, Metabolic Disorders, Oncology, Respiratory Disorders, Others), Formulations (Capsules, Inhalants, Parenterals, Tablets, Topicals) - Global Revenue, Trends, Growth, Share, Size and Forecast to 2020", published by Scalar Market Research, the global prescription pharmaceuticals market is expected to grow from USD 761.85 billion in 2016 and reach USD 918.74 billion by 2020, growing at a CAGR of 4.8% during the forecast period. (Logo: http://photos.prnewswire.com/prnh/20161017/429206LOGO ) The global prescription pharmaceuticals market report offers in-depth analysis of the market size (revenue), market share, major market segments, different geographic regions, key players, premium trends and forecast to 2020. It also focuses on the key drivers and opportunities in this market. Browse Report Summary: https://www.scalarmarketresearch.com/market-reports/prescription-pharmaceuticals-market Buyers can expect to receive 100% customization on this report. Key findings of the report: Improved life expectancy resulting into increased number of aging population and the growing prevalence of chronic diseases are expected to be the major driving factors for the prescription pharmaceuticals market during the forecast period. The rising affluence in the emerging market, rise in the awareness, and the changing healthcare infrastructure across the developing countries are also some of the major drivers for the prescription pharmaceuticals market. The rising costs of the management of chronic diseases, overall rise in the average age, and the rise in the use and demand for the legal medical prescriptions are also highlighted as some of the major growth drivers for the prescription pharmaceuticals market in the near future. Cardiovascular disorders expected to dominate the therapeutic segment of the market According to the report, the cardiovascular disorders are expected to hold the largest share of the therapeutic segment of the prescription pharmaceuticals market, during the forecast period. The infectious diseases segment, on the other hand, is expected to become the fastest-growing segment. The major driving factors for these segments include the rise in aging population, changing lifestyles, and the growing demand from the emerging markets. North America: Leading the prescription pharmaceuticals market According to the prescription pharmaceuticals report, the North America region is expected to hold the largest market share during the forecast period. The major driving factors for the region include the rapid technological advancements, positive government initiatives, and the rising instances of chronic diseases. The Asia-Pacific region, on the other hand, is expected to be the fastest-growing geographic region in this market in the near future. Request Sample: https://www.scalarmarketresearch.com/request-sample.php?id=117 The report includes some of the key players from the prescription pharmaceuticals market, which include: AG, Gilead Sciences, Inc. AstraZeneca plc GlaxoSmithKline plc, Johnson & Johnson, Merck & Co, A.G., Pfizer, Inc. F. Hoffmann-La Roche Others Browse Related Reports: Medical Robotics Market, by Application (Neurology, Laparoscopy, Cardiology, Orthopedic, Special Education), Product (Robotic Systems, Instruments & Accessories) - Global Revenue, Trends, Growth, Share, Size and Forecast to 2022 https://www.scalarmarketresearch.com/market-reports/medical-robotics-market Stem Cell Therapy Market, by Treatments (Allogeneic Stem Cell Therapy and Autologous Stem Cell Therapy), Applications (Central Nervous System Diseases, Eye Diseases, Musculoskeletal Diseases, Wound & Injuries, Metabolic Disorders, Cardiovascular Disorders, Gastrointestinal Disorders and Immune System Disorders), End-users (Hospitals and Ambulatory Surgical Centers) - Global Revenue, Trends, Growth, Share, Size and Forecast to 2022 https://www.scalarmarketresearch.com/market-reports/stem-cell-therapy-market About Scalar Market Research Scalar Market Research, Inc. is a Chicago, U.S.-based market research and consulting firm that serves Fortune 1000 companies, leading businesses and upcoming organizations from around the world to help them achieve their business goal of sustainable revenue growth, utilizing Scalar's premium market research reports and consulting services to make critical strategic decisions. Our real-time industry data tracking, with the help of advanced analytics and machine learning, offers our clients highly accurate 360-degree perspective of key developments in niche markets. Our team of industry experts, with a thorough understanding of global markets and cumulative industry experience spanning 100+ years, work relentlessly to help our clients realize their most important business goals. Find out more about our services at: http://www.scalarmarketresearch.com Contact: Mr. Rahul Ganju 8770 W Bryn Mawr Ave., Suite 1300 Chicago, IL 60631 Tel.: +1-800-213-5170 (U.S./Canada Toll-free) Email: sales@scalarmarketresearch.com Follow us on LinkedIn: https://www.linkedin.com/company/scalar-market-research © 2016 PR Newswire Sie erhalten auf FinanzNachrichten.de kostenlose Realtime-Aktienkurse von  und  mit der Push-Technologie von   Wie bewerten Sie die aktuell angezeigte Seite?sehr gut123456schlechtProblem melden Google+ Seite Nachrichten • Aktienkurse • DAX • Xetra-Orderbuch • Watchlist Ad hoc-Mitteilungen • Nachrichten Börsen • Aktien-Empfehlungen Branchen • Medien • Nachrichten-Archiv Impressum | AGB | Disclaimer • Presse • Mediadaten RSS-News von FinanzNachrichten.de kostenlos für Ihren Browser und Ihre Homepage
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login MENU Stock Picks Learn More News Investing News Fool Podcasts Guides How to Invest Retirement Personal Finance Motley Fool Answers Options Trading Find a Broker Compare IRA Accounts Community Discussion Boards CAPS More About Help My Fool My Fool My Profile My Watchlist My Scorecard My Boards My CAPS My Reports My Subscriptions My Settings Premium Advice My Services None Other Services None Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Search Search: 4 Top Drug Stocks That Can Be Purchased on the Cheap This Fall Healthcare bargains abound for patient long-term investors. Sean Williams (TMFUltraLong) Oct 25, 2016 at 8:23AM Some great drug stocks could be hiding in plain view. Image source: Getty Images. U.S. stocks have been taken for a wild ride in 2016, but at least most long-term investors can relish the fact that despite the volatility, the broader market indexes are all higher year-to-date. The same can't be said for the SPDR S&P Biotech ETF or VanEck Vectors Pharmaceutical ETF, which are down 15% and 16% year to date, respectively. These top drug stocks are cheap and possibly worth buying Drug stocks sold off hard to begin the year as investors sought the security of less risky, profitable investments. Remember, most drug developers aren't profitable on a recurring basis, meaning valuations can be prone to wild swings based on emotions and clinical data. While this move lower in drug stocks has left some investors in the sector disappointed, it's also created quite the opportunity to pick up top drug stocks on the cheap this fall. Here are four cheap drug stocks worth considering for your portfolio. Teva Pharmaceutical Industries Ltd. Israeli-based Teva Pharmaceutical (NYSE:TEVA) isn't exactly a household name, but with its shares down 35% year-to-date, perhaps it should be for investors. Teva's business has traditionally been split into two components: branded therapeutics and generic drugs. The biggest concern for Teva has been that its biggest branded therapeutic, Copaxone, a long-standing injectable treatment for multiple sclerosis, lost patent protection and is facing exposure to generic competition. With Copaxone at one time accounting for more than 20% of Teva's sales, the fear had been that Teva's growth could stall for years to come. Image source: Teva Pharmaceutical. However, Teva's been a busy bee. It used legal wrangling to keep a generic version of Copaxone off the market for as long as possible in order to reformulate Copaxone into a more convenient dosage that could be injected less often. This new formulation that was introduced should allow Teva to switch longtime customers over without losing many of its customers to generic versions of its original Copaxone injection. Teva also acquired Allergan's generic drug division, Actavis, in a $40.5 billion cash-and-stock deal. Some analysts have been leery about how quickly Teva will realize benefits from this deal, and they've also been concerned with asset sales Teva has had to make in order to appease regulators in Europe. Ultimately, though, this could be a giant growth-driver for Teva, which now becomes the largest generic drug manufacturer in the world. With IMS Institute for Healthcare Informatics predicting that generic scripts could make up 91% to 92% of prescriptions written by 2020, Teva presumably could be a volume and pricing power winner. Currently trading at just over seven times Wall Street's 2017 profit projections and paying out more than 3% annually, Teva looks like a cheap drug stock worth your consideration. Gilead Sciences Inc. Perhaps the only other drug stock that can give Teva Pharmaceutical a run for its money in the value column is biotech blue-chip Gilead Sciences (NASDAQ:GILD). Gilead's shares are down 28% this year as hepatitis C sales declines have disappointed Wall Street and investors. You could say that Gilead Sciences has become a victim of its own success. Increasing competition in hepatitis C, along with hitting the low-hanging fruit in the United States, have tempered HCV sales expectations going forward. During the second quarter, Harvoni sales declined by more than $1 billion to $2.56 billion, leaving Wall Street wondering where Gilead's next growth surge will come from. Image source: Getty Images. The good news for Gilead and its shareholders is that hepatitis C should remain a strong cash cow for many years to come. Though competition in HCV does exist, Gilead is likely to retain most HCV market share for a variety of reasons. For example, there's nothing that's more convenient or effective than Harvoni or it's recently introduced pan-genotypic oral HCV pill, Epclusa. There's always a possibility that another drugmaker could develop a treatment that's effective at removing the hepatitis C virus at four or six weeks, but any such therapy is likely many years out at best. Gilead's rapport with physicians in HCV and the effectiveness of its HCV drugs should result in substantial cash flow generation year in and year out. Gilead could also benefit from using its cash flow to make acquisitions. In Nov. 2011, Gilead acquired little-known Pharmasset for $11 billion, giving it access to what would eventually set the foundation to its blockbuster HCV franchise. Gilead could look to bolster its dominant antiviral portfolio and angle for a hepatitis B or nonalcoholic steatohepatitis cure, or it may opt to join the fast-growing cancer drug space. Like Teva, Gilead is paying out an above-average yield of 2.6%, and it's trading at a minuscule six times next year's estimated full-year EPS. It just about doesn't get cheaper than that. Bristol-Myers Squibb Co. Another big drug stock to take it on the chin recently is Bristol-Myers Squibb (NYSE:BMY). Shares of Bristol-Myers are down 28% year-to-date and 35% over the past three months. The reason? Look no further than its recent CheckMate-026 results. In August, Bristol-Myers Squibb announced that its blockbuster cancer immunotherapy Opdivo had failed to reach its primary endpoint of a statistically significant improvement in progression-free survival (PFS) for first-line non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC) patients whose tumors had PD-L1 expression of 5% or greater. A couple weeks ago we got the specifics of the CheckMate-026 trial, with the chemotherapy placebo actually demonstrating modest favorability in PFS and Opdivo having a slight edge in overall survival. Compounding Bristol-Myers' woes, competing cancer immunotherapy Keytruda, developed by Merck, met its mark with flying colors in first-line NSCLC in patients whose tumors had at least 50% PD-L1 expression. Losing out on first-line NSCLC could cost Opdivo a few billion dollars in peak sales, and Wall Street is none too pleased.   Image source: Bristol-Myers Squibb. Despite this disappointing result, investors should keep a couple of things in mind about Opdivo. For starters, it tends to work best as a combination therapy, and CheckMate-026 was a monotherapy study. Secondly, it's not uncommon for cancer drugs to respond differently to separate types of cancer. Lastly, Opdivo, remains a standard-of-care therapy in second-line NSCLC and second-line renal cell carcinoma. It has numerous ongoing combination trials as well which could easily lead to expansion opportunities. For Bristol-Myers Squibb, Opdivo's latest hiccup may prove to be nothing more than a speed bump. Don't forget that Bristol-Myers Squibb also has a growing pipeline and some rapidly growing existing therapies. Eliquis, an oral blood-thinning drug that was developed with Pfizer and could have ample label expansion opportunities yet to come, is on track for more than $3 billion in annual sales this year. Through the first-half of 2016, sales of the drug are up 91%.   With its PEG ratio hovering around one, and Bristol-Myers still sitting on a veritable gold mine in Opdivo, investors should take notice. Celgene Corporation A final biotech blue-chip that always seems to be cheap is Celgene (NASDAQ:CELG). Shares of the company are down 18% year-to-date. The wind came out of Celgene's sails earlier this year when the drugmaker, which is known for its transparency, provided sales and profit guidance for fiscal 2017 that were slightly below expectations. The reason for the lowered earnings guidance primarily rests with lung, breast, and pancreatic cancer drug Abraxane, which has seen slower growth in the wake of tougher competition from cancer immunotherapies. Image source: Getty Images. However, Celgene is far more than just Abraxane. The company's lead therapy is multiple myeloma blockbuster Revlimid, which looks to be on pace for $10 billion in annual sales by the end of the decade, if not more. Revlimid has benefited from an increased number of multiple myeloma diagnoses, consistent or growing market share, improved pricing power, and the potential for more than a half-dozen label expansion opportunities still to come. Celgene could also reap significant rewards from its M&A and collaboration strategies. Celgene acquired Receptos for $7.2 billion last year in order to gain hold of ozanimod, an experimental oral drug with a lot of promise to treat multiple sclerosis and ulcerative colitis. Celgene's management team believes ozanimod could have the potential to eclipse $4 billion in annual peak sales. In terms of collaborations, Celgene has more than 30 licensing partners that could translate into it getting a piece of the pie in numerous first-in-class oncology or anti-inflammatory therapies. Relying heavily on collaborations also means that Celgene is spending its money on only the most promising drug candidates. A sub-one PEG ratio makes Celgene a drug stock to closely monitor. Sean Williams has no material interest in any companies mentioned in this article. You can follow him on CAPS under the screen name TMFUltraLong, and check him out on Twitter, where he goes by the handle @TMFUltraLong. The Motley Fool owns shares of and recommends Celgene and Gilead Sciences. It also recommends Teva Pharmaceutical Industries, and has the following options: short October 2016 $95 puts on Celgene and short October 2016 $85 calls on Gilead Sciences. Try any of our Foolish newsletter services free for 30 days. We Fools may not all hold the same opinions, but we all believe that considering a diverse range of insights makes us better investors. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author Sean Williams (TMFUltraLong) A Fool since 2010, and a graduate from UC San Diego with a B.A. in Economics, Sean specializes in the healthcare sector and investment planning. You'll often find him writing about Obamacare, marijuana, drug and device development, Social Security, taxes, retirement issues and general macroeconomic topics of interest. Follow @TMFUltraLong Article Info Oct 25, 2016 at 8:23AM Health Care Stocks Bristol-Myers Squibb NYSE:BMY $56.56 up $0.19 (0.34%) Celgene NASDAQ:CELG $120.68 up $1.23 (1.03%) Gilead Sciences NASDAQ:GILD $76.75 up $0.33 (0.43%) Teva Pharmaceutical Industries NYSE:TEVA $41.03 up $0.38 (0.93%) Read More 3 Stocks Set to Thrive in Pharma's New Price-Conscious World 3 Reasons Bristol-Myers Is a Buy 3 Best Biotech Stocks of the 21st Century (So Far) 2 Reasons Celgene Corporation's Future Just Got Brighter Better Buy: Biogen vs. Celgene Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Terms of Use Privacy Policy Copyright, Trademark and Patent Information Terms and Conditions © 1995 - 2016 The Motley Fool. All rights reserved. Current New stock picks released in...         Get The Picks x
Fox News Fox Business Fox News Latino Fox News Go Fox News Radio Fox Nation Fox News Insider Fox News Health Expand/Collapse Search Home Video Politics U.S. Opinion Business Entertainment Tech Science Health Travel Lifestyle World On Air Health Home Men's Health Women's Health Children's Health Alternative Medicine Diabetes Heart Health Nutrition & Fitness CANCER 'Cancer made me broke' Published October 25, 2016 New York Post Facebook0 Twitter0 livefyre Email Print  (iStock) Deadly as cancer may be to a person’s health, it also wreaks havoc on one’s finances. According to a January study by the Hutchinson Institute for Cancer Outcomes Research, one-third of cancer survivors go into debt, and 3 percent file for bankruptcy. “Research shows that financial distress is [at least] equal to the fear of dying from the disease,” says Dan Sherman, owner of the NaVectis Group, which educates hospital personnel on how to assist with financial navigation for cancer patients. “Some who are diagnosed with cancer do everything they possibly can, and go through a lot of [financial] resources. Others try to keep their families from becoming destitute.” While he recalls an extreme example — a man who chose to forgo treatment and hasten his death so he could pass away before a $200,000 term-life insurance policy expired — many patients spend money first and deal with consequences later. Here are a few who did what they had to in order to stay alive — alongside expert advice that might have helped salve the financial pain. More on this... FDA approves Merck's lung cancer drug as first-line treatment 'Shark Tank' star touts virtual reality chemotherapy for kids One-fourth of US cancer deaths linked with 1 thing: smoking Deferred retirement For middle- to upper-middle-class people, even those with gold-standard insurance policies, it’s not always the cost of care that does them in financially. More often, it’s having to stop working during treatment, as was the case with Forest Hills resident Bob Tufts, who felt the sting of losing two incomes after he was diagnosed with a blood-related cancer in 2009. The 61-year-old former Wall Street executive had expenses that included his daughter’s college tuition and recalls 14 months of not working — and the double whammy of his wife taking off work to be his caregiver. “She was running all over the place, and trying to work was almost impossible,” he says. After digging through a good chunk of his savings in order to live, he wound up pulling $10,000 to $15,000 out of his 401(k), which comes with heavy tax penalties. Click for more from the New York Post. Advertisement Trending in Health 1 Doctors see surge in men seeking surgery-free double chin solution 2 Patrons, staff at Washington homeless shelter sickened by norovirus 3 Depression becoming more common among US teens 4 Check again with your doctor about statins, experts say 5 Computer-brain interface helps locked-in patient communicate, albeit slowly See all Trends Top Health Centers View All Back Pain Cancer Depression Heart Disease Pain Management Sexual Health Beauty & Skin Cold and Flu Digestive Health Nutrition Pregnancy Site Index Sections Home Video Politics U.S. Opinion Entertainment Tech Science Health Travel Lifestyle World Sports Weather On Air Tools Live Video Trending Newsletters Alerts Blogs Mobile Podcasts Radio Fox News Store Apps & Downloads About Careers College Students Fox Around the World Advertise With Us New Terms of Use (What's New) New Privacy Policy Ad Choices Contact Us Email Newsroom FAQ Media Relations Follow Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn RSS Newsletters Fox News Back to Top This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. ©2016 FOX News Network, LLC. All rights reserved. All market data delayed 20 minutes. New Privacy - New Terms of Use (What's New) - FAQ
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login MENU Stock Picks Learn More News Investing News Fool Podcasts Guides How to Invest Retirement Personal Finance Motley Fool Answers Options Trading Find a Broker Compare IRA Accounts Community Discussion Boards CAPS More About Help My Fool My Fool My Profile My Watchlist My Scorecard My Boards My CAPS My Reports My Subscriptions My Settings Premium Advice My Services None Other Services None Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Search Search: 4 Top Drug Stocks That Can Be Purchased on the Cheap This Fall Healthcare bargains abound for patient long-term investors. Sean Williams (TMFUltraLong) Oct 25, 2016 at 8:23AM Some great drug stocks could be hiding in plain view. Image source: Getty Images. U.S. stocks have been taken for a wild ride in 2016, but at least most long-term investors can relish the fact that despite the volatility, the broader market indexes are all higher year-to-date. The same can't be said for the SPDR S&P Biotech ETF or VanEck Vectors Pharmaceutical ETF, which are down 15% and 16% year to date, respectively. These top drug stocks are cheap and possibly worth buying Drug stocks sold off hard to begin the year as investors sought the security of less risky, profitable investments. Remember, most drug developers aren't profitable on a recurring basis, meaning valuations can be prone to wild swings based on emotions and clinical data. While this move lower in drug stocks has left some investors in the sector disappointed, it's also created quite the opportunity to pick up top drug stocks on the cheap this fall. Here are four cheap drug stocks worth considering for your portfolio. Teva Pharmaceutical Industries Ltd. Israeli-based Teva Pharmaceutical (NYSE:TEVA) isn't exactly a household name, but with its shares down 35% year-to-date, perhaps it should be for investors. Teva's business has traditionally been split into two components: branded therapeutics and generic drugs. The biggest concern for Teva has been that its biggest branded therapeutic, Copaxone, a long-standing injectable treatment for multiple sclerosis, lost patent protection and is facing exposure to generic competition. With Copaxone at one time accounting for more than 20% of Teva's sales, the fear had been that Teva's growth could stall for years to come. Image source: Teva Pharmaceutical. However, Teva's been a busy bee. It used legal wrangling to keep a generic version of Copaxone off the market for as long as possible in order to reformulate Copaxone into a more convenient dosage that could be injected less often. This new formulation that was introduced should allow Teva to switch longtime customers over without losing many of its customers to generic versions of its original Copaxone injection. Teva also acquired Allergan's generic drug division, Actavis, in a $40.5 billion cash-and-stock deal. Some analysts have been leery about how quickly Teva will realize benefits from this deal, and they've also been concerned with asset sales Teva has had to make in order to appease regulators in Europe. Ultimately, though, this could be a giant growth-driver for Teva, which now becomes the largest generic drug manufacturer in the world. With IMS Institute for Healthcare Informatics predicting that generic scripts could make up 91% to 92% of prescriptions written by 2020, Teva presumably could be a volume and pricing power winner. Currently trading at just over seven times Wall Street's 2017 profit projections and paying out more than 3% annually, Teva looks like a cheap drug stock worth your consideration. Gilead Sciences Inc. Perhaps the only other drug stock that can give Teva Pharmaceutical a run for its money in the value column is biotech blue-chip Gilead Sciences (NASDAQ:GILD). Gilead's shares are down 28% this year as hepatitis C sales declines have disappointed Wall Street and investors. You could say that Gilead Sciences has become a victim of its own success. Increasing competition in hepatitis C, along with hitting the low-hanging fruit in the United States, have tempered HCV sales expectations going forward. During the second quarter, Harvoni sales declined by more than $1 billion to $2.56 billion, leaving Wall Street wondering where Gilead's next growth surge will come from. Image source: Getty Images. The good news for Gilead and its shareholders is that hepatitis C should remain a strong cash cow for many years to come. Though competition in HCV does exist, Gilead is likely to retain most HCV market share for a variety of reasons. For example, there's nothing that's more convenient or effective than Harvoni or it's recently introduced pan-genotypic oral HCV pill, Epclusa. There's always a possibility that another drugmaker could develop a treatment that's effective at removing the hepatitis C virus at four or six weeks, but any such therapy is likely many years out at best. Gilead's rapport with physicians in HCV and the effectiveness of its HCV drugs should result in substantial cash flow generation year in and year out. Gilead could also benefit from using its cash flow to make acquisitions. In Nov. 2011, Gilead acquired little-known Pharmasset for $11 billion, giving it access to what would eventually set the foundation to its blockbuster HCV franchise. Gilead could look to bolster its dominant antiviral portfolio and angle for a hepatitis B or nonalcoholic steatohepatitis cure, or it may opt to join the fast-growing cancer drug space. Like Teva, Gilead is paying out an above-average yield of 2.6%, and it's trading at a minuscule six times next year's estimated full-year EPS. It just about doesn't get cheaper than that. Bristol-Myers Squibb Co. Another big drug stock to take it on the chin recently is Bristol-Myers Squibb (NYSE:BMY). Shares of Bristol-Myers are down 28% year-to-date and 35% over the past three months. The reason? Look no further than its recent CheckMate-026 results. In August, Bristol-Myers Squibb announced that its blockbuster cancer immunotherapy Opdivo had failed to reach its primary endpoint of a statistically significant improvement in progression-free survival (PFS) for first-line non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC) patients whose tumors had PD-L1 expression of 5% or greater. A couple weeks ago we got the specifics of the CheckMate-026 trial, with the chemotherapy placebo actually demonstrating modest favorability in PFS and Opdivo having a slight edge in overall survival. Compounding Bristol-Myers' woes, competing cancer immunotherapy Keytruda, developed by Merck, met its mark with flying colors in first-line NSCLC in patients whose tumors had at least 50% PD-L1 expression. Losing out on first-line NSCLC could cost Opdivo a few billion dollars in peak sales, and Wall Street is none too pleased.   Image source: Bristol-Myers Squibb. Despite this disappointing result, investors should keep a couple of things in mind about Opdivo. For starters, it tends to work best as a combination therapy, and CheckMate-026 was a monotherapy study. Secondly, it's not uncommon for cancer drugs to respond differently to separate types of cancer. Lastly, Opdivo, remains a standard-of-care therapy in second-line NSCLC and second-line renal cell carcinoma. It has numerous ongoing combination trials as well which could easily lead to expansion opportunities. For Bristol-Myers Squibb, Opdivo's latest hiccup may prove to be nothing more than a speed bump. Don't forget that Bristol-Myers Squibb also has a growing pipeline and some rapidly growing existing therapies. Eliquis, an oral blood-thinning drug that was developed with Pfizer and could have ample label expansion opportunities yet to come, is on track for more than $3 billion in annual sales this year. Through the first-half of 2016, sales of the drug are up 91%.   With its PEG ratio hovering around one, and Bristol-Myers still sitting on a veritable gold mine in Opdivo, investors should take notice. Celgene Corporation A final biotech blue-chip that always seems to be cheap is Celgene (NASDAQ:CELG). Shares of the company are down 18% year-to-date. The wind came out of Celgene's sails earlier this year when the drugmaker, which is known for its transparency, provided sales and profit guidance for fiscal 2017 that were slightly below expectations. The reason for the lowered earnings guidance primarily rests with lung, breast, and pancreatic cancer drug Abraxane, which has seen slower growth in the wake of tougher competition from cancer immunotherapies. Image source: Getty Images. However, Celgene is far more than just Abraxane. The company's lead therapy is multiple myeloma blockbuster Revlimid, which looks to be on pace for $10 billion in annual sales by the end of the decade, if not more. Revlimid has benefited from an increased number of multiple myeloma diagnoses, consistent or growing market share, improved pricing power, and the potential for more than a half-dozen label expansion opportunities still to come. Celgene could also reap significant rewards from its M&A and collaboration strategies. Celgene acquired Receptos for $7.2 billion last year in order to gain hold of ozanimod, an experimental oral drug with a lot of promise to treat multiple sclerosis and ulcerative colitis. Celgene's management team believes ozanimod could have the potential to eclipse $4 billion in annual peak sales. In terms of collaborations, Celgene has more than 30 licensing partners that could translate into it getting a piece of the pie in numerous first-in-class oncology or anti-inflammatory therapies. Relying heavily on collaborations also means that Celgene is spending its money on only the most promising drug candidates. A sub-one PEG ratio makes Celgene a drug stock to closely monitor. Sean Williams has no material interest in any companies mentioned in this article. You can follow him on CAPS under the screen name TMFUltraLong, and check him out on Twitter, where he goes by the handle @TMFUltraLong. The Motley Fool owns shares of and recommends Celgene and Gilead Sciences. It also recommends Teva Pharmaceutical Industries, and has the following options: short October 2016 $95 puts on Celgene and short October 2016 $85 calls on Gilead Sciences. Try any of our Foolish newsletter services free for 30 days. We Fools may not all hold the same opinions, but we all believe that considering a diverse range of insights makes us better investors. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author Sean Williams (TMFUltraLong) A Fool since 2010, and a graduate from UC San Diego with a B.A. in Economics, Sean specializes in the healthcare sector and investment planning. You'll often find him writing about Obamacare, marijuana, drug and device development, Social Security, taxes, retirement issues and general macroeconomic topics of interest. Follow @TMFUltraLong Article Info Oct 25, 2016 at 8:23AM Health Care Stocks Bristol-Myers Squibb NYSE:BMY $56.56 up $0.19 (0.34%) Celgene NASDAQ:CELG $120.68 up $1.23 (1.03%) Gilead Sciences NASDAQ:GILD $76.75 up $0.33 (0.43%) Teva Pharmaceutical Industries NYSE:TEVA $41.03 up $0.38 (0.93%) Read More 3 Stocks Set to Thrive in Pharma's New Price-Conscious World 3 Reasons Bristol-Myers Is a Buy 3 Best Biotech Stocks of the 21st Century (So Far) 2 Reasons Celgene Corporation's Future Just Got Brighter Better Buy: Biogen vs. Celgene Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Terms of Use Privacy Policy Copyright, Trademark and Patent Information Terms and Conditions © 1995 - 2016 The Motley Fool. All rights reserved. Current New stock picks released in...         Get The Picks x
Contact Us Journalists Blog Log In Sign Up Send a Release News Solutions Resources Search News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News dansk Deutsch español Français italiano Nederlands norsk português suomeksi svenska Big Pharma Focus on Building Patent Portfolio to Gain Competitive Edge in Biologics Sector Biologics production costs are higher, but so are the returns compared to small molecule drug, finds Frost & Sullivan's Global TechVision Team News provided by Frost & Sullivan Oct 25, 2016, 05:31 ET Share this article LONDON, Oct. 25, 2016 /PRNewswire/ -- Over the past two decades, big pharmaceutical companies increased their focus on biologics. Several companies recorded a revenue growth of more than 10 percent from biologics during the last 5 years, and in 2015, biologics dominated the list of the top 10 drugs by revenue. Already, nearly 50 percent of AstraZeneca's and Eli Lilly's clinical-stage molecules are biologics. Since pharma-biotech is extremely research intensive and involves huge capital investment during the drug development lifecycle, innovator companies are guarding their intellectual property rights through patenting in target markets. Biologics IP – A Strategic Review is part of the TechVision (Health & Wellness) Growth Partnership Service program and provides a strategic overview of the patenting activity of the top 13 pharma-biotech companies in the area of biologics. The analyses will help pharma-biotech companies understand the competitive landscape and the available white space so they can align their IP strategy with their corporate strategy. Continue Reading Big Pharma Focus on Building Patent Portfolio to Gain Competitive Edge in Biologics Sector For complimentary access to more information on this research, please visit: http://corpcom.frost.com/forms/EU_PR_JSchoneborn_D6AE_Oct16 "Big pharma that are keen to stay ahead of the curve have harnessed the rapid improvements in the field of biotechnology and genomics, and rolled out biologics-based drugs," finds TechVision Senior Consultant Manmohan Singh. "Key merger and acquisition deals such as Roche-Genentech and Sanofi-Genzyme were largely driven by companies' vision of building complementary capabilities in the area of biologics." Roche, GlaxoSmithKline and Merck & Co. are the top three patent holders. Antibodies, peptides and vaccines are the top three biologics types, while the top three therapeutic areas experiencing the highest patent activity are oncology, infectious diseases and immunological disorders. "Yet, as biologics have proved safer and more efficient than small molecules, major pharmaceutical companies are investing greater resources in the R&D of large molecule products," notes Singh. "With biosimilars, or follow-on biologics, production is based on reference biologics after the patents for these biologics expire." About TechVision Frost & Sullivan's global TechVision practice is focused on innovation, disruption and convergence, and provides a variety of technology-based alerts, newsletters and research services as well as growth consulting services. Its premier offering, the TechVision program, identifies and evaluates the most valuable emerging and disruptive technologies enabling products with near-term potential. A unique feature of the TechVision program is an annual selection of 50 technologies that can generate convergence scenarios, possibly disrupt the innovation landscape, and drive transformational growth. View a summary of our TechVision program by clicking on the following link: http://ifrost.frost.com/TechVision_Demo. About Frost & Sullivan Frost & Sullivan, the Growth Partnership Company, works in collaboration with clients to leverage visionary innovation that addresses the global challenges and related growth opportunities that will make or break today's market participants. For more than 50 years, we have been developing growth strategies for the global 1000, emerging businesses, the public sector and the investment community. Contact us: Start the discussion Biologics IP – A Strategic Review D6AE Contact: Jana Schöneborn Corporate Communications – Europe P: +49 (0)69 77033 43 E: jana.schoeneborn@frost.com Twitter: @TechVision_FS Linkedin: www.frost.com/techvisionlinkedin http://www.frost.com  http://ww2.frost.com/research/techvision Photo - http://photos.prnewswire.com/prnh/20161025/432168   To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/big-pharma-focus-on-building-patent-portfolio-to-gain-competitive-edge-in-biologics-sector-300350468.html SOURCE Frost & Sullivan Related Links http://www.frost.com Oct 25, 2016, 07:26 ET Preview: Focus on Quality of Service during VoLTE and VoWiFi Deployments Boosts Demand for Communication Testing Oct 25, 2016, 02:00 ET Preview: Frost & Sullivan Commends Optimal+'s IIoT Vision in Bridging the Data Silos within and between the Semiconductor and Electronics Industries My News Release contains wide tables. View fullscreen. Also from this source 03:00 ETFST Biometrics Receives a Visionary Award from Frost & Sullivan... Nov 08, 2016, 08:00 ETFrost & Sullivan Honors Grandstream with Global Enterprise IP... Explore More news releases in similar topics Banking & Financial Services Biotechnology Health Care & Hospitals Medical Pharmaceuticals Surveys, Polls and Research You just read: Big Pharma Focus on Building Patent Portfolio to Gain Competitive Edge in Biologics Sector News provided by Frost & Sullivan Oct 25, 2016, 05:31 ET Share this article Looking to send a news release with PR Newswire? Take advantage of the world's leading distribution platform. Sign up to get started Request more information Have an account? Log In Phone 8AM - 10PM ET +1-888-776-0942 Send a Release Sign Up Blog For Journalists Contact Us Search Searching for your content... Advanced Search Contact 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Chat Online with an Expert Contact Us Solutions Cision Communication Cloud™ For Marketers For Public Relations For IR & Compliance For Agency For Small Business All Products About About PR Newswire About Cision Become a Publishing Partner Become a Channel Partner Careers   Global Sites Asia Brazil Canada Europe Finland France India Israel Mexico Middle East Netherlands Sweden United Kingdom My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Terms of Use Privacy Policy Information Security Policy Statement Site Map RSS Feeds Copyright © 2016 PR Newswire Association LLC. All Rights Reserved. A Cision company. News Solutions Resources News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News dansk Deutsch español Français italiano Nederlands norsk português suomeksi svenska Phone +1-888-776-0942 8AM - 10PM ET Chat Chat Online with an Expert All contact info Send a ReleaseLog In
Dienstag, 15.11.2016 Börsentäglich über 12.000 News von 551 internationalen Medien Indizes Kurs % News 24 h / 7 T Aufrufe 7 Tage Aktien Kurs % News 24 h / 7 T Aufrufe 7 Tage Xetra-Orderbuch Devisen Kurs % Rohstoffe Kurs % Passende Knock-Outs zu Ihrer Suchanfrage (Anzeige) Erweiterte Suche Ad hoc-Mitteilungen Startseite Nachrichten Aktienkurse Fonds Anleihen Derivate Rohstoffe Devisen Watchlist Aufklappen Schliessen Nachrichten»Big Pharma Focus on Building Patent Portfolio to Gain Competitive Edge in Biologics Sector 25.10.2016 | 11:43 (4 Leser) Schrift ändern: (0 Bewertungen) PR Newswire·Mehr Nachrichten von PR Newswire Big Pharma Focus on Building Patent Portfolio to Gain Competitive Edge in Biologics Sector Biologics production costs are higher, but so are the returns compared to small molecule drug, finds Frost & Sullivan's Global TechVision Team LONDON, Oct. 25, 2016 /PRNewswire/ --Over the past two decades, big pharmaceutical companies increased their focus on biologics. Several companies recorded a revenue growth of more than 10 percent from biologics during the last 5 years, and in 2015, biologics dominated the list of the top 10 drugs by revenue. Already, nearly 50 percent of AstraZeneca's and Eli Lilly's clinical-stage molecules are biologics. Since pharma-biotech is extremely research intensive and involves huge capital investment during the drug development lifecycle, innovator companies are guarding their intellectual property rights through patenting in target markets. Photo - http://photos.prnewswire.com/prnh/20161025/432168 Biologics IP - A Strategic Review is part of the TechVision (Health & Wellness) Growth Partnership Service program and provides a strategic overview of the patenting activity of the top 13 pharma-biotech companies in the area of biologics. The analyses will help pharma-biotech companies understand the competitive landscape and the available white space so they can align their IP strategy with their corporate strategy. For complimentary access to more information on this research, please visit: http://corpcom.frost.com/forms/EU_PR_JSchoneborn_D6AE_Oct16 "Big pharma that are keen to stay ahead of the curve have harnessed the rapid improvements in the field of biotechnology and genomics, and rolled out biologics-based drugs," finds TechVision Senior Consultant Manmohan Singh. "Key merger and acquisition deals such as Roche-Genentech and Sanofi-Genzyme were largely driven by companies' vision of building complementary capabilities in the area of biologics." Roche, GlaxoSmithKline and Merck & Co. are the top three patent holders. Antibodies, peptides and vaccines are the top three biologics types, while the top three therapeutic areas experiencing the highest patent activity are oncology, infectious diseases and immunological disorders. "Yet, as biologics have proved safer and more efficient than small molecules, major pharmaceutical companies are investing greater resources in the R&D of large molecule products," notes Singh. "With biosimilars, or follow-on biologics, production is based on reference biologics after the patents for these biologics expire." About TechVision Frost & Sullivan's global TechVision practice is focused on innovation, disruption and convergence, and provides a variety of technology-based alerts, newsletters and research services as well as growth consulting services. Its premier offering, the TechVision program, identifies and evaluates the most valuable emerging and disruptive technologies enabling products with near-term potential. A unique feature of the TechVision program is an annual selection of 50 technologies that can generate convergence scenarios, possibly disrupt the innovation landscape, and drive transformational growth. View a summary of our TechVision program by clicking on the following link: http://ifrost.frost.com/TechVision_Demo. About Frost & Sullivan Frost & Sullivan, the Growth Partnership Company, works in collaboration with clients to leverage visionary innovation that addresses the global challenges and related growth opportunities that will make or break today's market participants. For more than 50 years, we have been developing growth strategies for the global 1000, emerging businesses, the public sector and the investment community. Contact us: Start the discussion Biologics IP - A Strategic Review D6AE Contact: Jana Schöneborn Corporate Communications - Europe P: +49 (0)69 77033 43 E: jana.schoeneborn@frost.com Twitter: @TechVision_FS Linkedin: www.frost.com/techvisionlinkedin http://www.frost.com http://ww2.frost.com/research/techvision © 2016 PR Newswire Sie erhalten auf FinanzNachrichten.de kostenlose Realtime-Aktienkurse von  und  mit der Push-Technologie von   Wie bewerten Sie die aktuell angezeigte Seite?sehr gut123456schlechtProblem melden Google+ Seite Nachrichten • Aktienkurse • DAX • Xetra-Orderbuch • Watchlist Ad hoc-Mitteilungen • Nachrichten Börsen • Aktien-Empfehlungen Branchen • Medien • Nachrichten-Archiv Impressum | AGB | Disclaimer • Presse • Mediadaten RSS-News von FinanzNachrichten.de kostenlos für Ihren Browser und Ihre Homepage
Regulatory News Search Search Products & Services    News Releases Close Send a release Become a client For journalists Global sites Asia Brazil Canada Finland France India Israel Mexico Netherlands Sweden United States See more news releases in Banking & Financial Services | Biotechnology | Health Care & Hospitals | Medical Pharmaceuticals | Surveys, Polls and Research Big Pharma Focus on Building Patent Portfolio to Gain Competitive Edge in Biologics Sector Download image Biologics production costs are higher, but so are the returns compared to small molecule drug, finds Frost & Sullivan's Global TechVision Team LONDON, Oct. 25, 2016 /PRNewswire/ -- Over the past two decades, big pharmaceutical companies increased their focus on biologics. Several companies recorded a revenue growth of more than 10 percent from biologics during the last 5 years, and in 2015, biologics dominated the list of the top 10 drugs by revenue. Already, nearly 50 percent of AstraZeneca's and Eli Lilly's clinical-stage molecules are biologics. Since pharma-biotech is extremely research intensive and involves huge capital investment during the drug development lifecycle, innovator companies are guarding their intellectual property rights through patenting in target markets. Photo - http://photos.prnewswire.com/prnh/20161025/432168 Biologics IP – A Strategic Review is part of the TechVision (Health & Wellness) Growth Partnership Service program and provides a strategic overview of the patenting activity of the top 13 pharma-biotech companies in the area of biologics. The analyses will help pharma-biotech companies understand the competitive landscape and the available white space so they can align their IP strategy with their corporate strategy. For complimentary access to more information on this research, please visit: http://corpcom.frost.com/forms/EU_PR_JSchoneborn_D6AE_Oct16 "Big pharma that are keen to stay ahead of the curve have harnessed the rapid improvements in the field of biotechnology and genomics, and rolled out biologics-based drugs," finds TechVision Senior Consultant Manmohan Singh. "Key merger and acquisition deals such as Roche-Genentech and Sanofi-Genzyme were largely driven by companies' vision of building complementary capabilities in the area of biologics." Roche, GlaxoSmithKline and Merck & Co. are the top three patent holders. Antibodies, peptides and vaccines are the top three biologics types, while the top three therapeutic areas experiencing the highest patent activity are oncology, infectious diseases and immunological disorders. "Yet, as biologics have proved safer and more efficient than small molecules, major pharmaceutical companies are investing greater resources in the R&D of large molecule products," notes Singh. "With biosimilars, or follow-on biologics, production is based on reference biologics after the patents for these biologics expire." About TechVision Frost & Sullivan's global TechVision practice is focused on innovation, disruption and convergence, and provides a variety of technology-based alerts, newsletters and research services as well as growth consulting services. Its premier offering, the TechVision program, identifies and evaluates the most valuable emerging and disruptive technologies enabling products with near-term potential. A unique feature of the TechVision program is an annual selection of 50 technologies that can generate convergence scenarios, possibly disrupt the innovation landscape, and drive transformational growth. View a summary of our TechVision program by clicking on the following link: http://ifrost.frost.com/TechVision_Demo. About Frost & Sullivan Frost & Sullivan, the Growth Partnership Company, works in collaboration with clients to leverage visionary innovation that addresses the global challenges and related growth opportunities that will make or break today's market participants. For more than 50 years, we have been developing growth strategies for the global 1000, emerging businesses, the public sector and the investment community. Contact us: Start the discussion Biologics IP – A Strategic Review D6AE Contact: Jana Schöneborn Corporate Communications – Europe P: +49 (0)69 77033 43 E: jana.schoeneborn@frost.com Twitter: @TechVision_FS Linkedin: www.frost.com/techvisionlinkedin http://www.frost.com  http://ww2.frost.com/research/techvision SOURCE Frost & Sullivan RELATED LINKS http://www.frost.com More by this Source FST Biometrics Receives a Visionary Award from Frost & Sullivan for Leading the Market in Biometrics-based In Motion Identification 08:00 GMT Frost & Sullivan Honors Grandstream with Global Enterprise IP Endpoints Market Company of the Year Award 08 Nov, 2016, 13:00 GMT Frost & Sullivan to Honour Industry's Premier Companies at the 2016 Excellence in Best Practices Awards Banquet 02 Nov, 2016, 12:00 GMT View all news by Frost & Sullivan Journalists and Bloggers Visit PR Newswire for Journalists for releases, photos and customised feeds just for media. View and download archived video content distributed by MultiVu on The Digital Center. Next in Banking & Financial Services News   Get content for your website Enhance your website's or blog's content with PR Newswire's customised real-time news feeds. Start today.       Contact PR Newswire Send us an email at MarketingUK@prnewswire.co.uk or call us at +44 (0)20 7454 5382       Become a PR Newswire client Request more information about PR Newswire products & services or call us at +44 (0)20 7454 5382     Products & Services Knowledge Centre Browse News Releases Meet the Media Contact PR Newswire About PR Newswire Contact PR Newswire PR Newswire's Terms of Use Apply Privacy and Cookie Policy Site Map RSS Feeds Blog Copyright © 2016 PR Newswire Association LLC. All Rights Reserved. A Cisioncompany. Powered by Clickability.
▮ Home ▮ Business Latest Headlines Top Stories Breaking News Earnings Biotech Investors IPOs M&A Canadian UK Key Wallstreet Events ▮ Industry News Technology Software Banking Automotive Energy More ▮ Stock Alerts Active Traders Before the Bell $5 and under Intraday Updates After the Bell ▮ Corp. Calendars Dividends Stock Splits Buybacks Conference Calls ▮ Earnings Calendars Earnings Calendar Pos Pre-announcements Profit Warnings Positive Surprise Negative Surprise Latest Earnings ▮ FDA Calendars Drug Approvals Device Approvals Clinical Trial Calendar ▮ Ratings Changes Upgrades Downgrades Cov Initiations Cov. Reiterated ▮ Economy US Europe Asia Global Economic Calendar Economic Scorecard Fed Members ▮ Markets Morning Mkt Analysis US Commentary European Commentary Asian Commentary Canadian Commentary Indian Commentary Commodities Bonds Currencies ▮ Politics US World White House Elections Congress General News ▮ Forex FX Top Stories Currency Analysis Currency Alerts Economic Calendar Economic Scorecard ▮ Health Hot Topics Diet & Fitness Kids Health Men's Health Women's Health Cancer News Drug Development Mental Health ▮ Tech Hot Topics Gadgets & Games Mobile Green Tech ▮ Entertainment Top Stories TV News Movie News Slide Shows Game of Thrones ▮ Music news Pop Rock Classic Rock Rap/Hip-Hop Country Alternative Oldies All Genre ▮ Content Licensing Newswires & Feeds Content Syndication Digital Signage Services Radio News Services ▮ Premium Emerging Biostocks Under The Radar Short-Term Investor NewsStream Login ▮ More Free Content RSS Feeds Search ▮ Blog Political Science / Nature Fundamental Analysis ▮ Columns Science & Tech Arts & Leisure Politics & Policy Money Home Business Latest Headlines Top Stories Breaking News Earnings Biotech Investors IPOs M&A Canadian UK Key Wallstreet Events Industry News Technology Software Banking Automotive Energy More Stock Alerts Active Traders Before the Bell $5 and under Intraday Updates After the Bell Corp. Calendars Dividends Stock Splits Buybacks Conference Calls Earnings Calendars Earnings Calendar Pos Pre-announcements Profit Warnings Positive Surprise Negative Surprise Latest Earnings FDA Calendars Drug Approvals Device Approvals Clinical Trial Calendar Ratings Changes Upgrades Downgrades Cov Initiations Cov. Reiterated Economy US Europe Asia Global Economic Calendar Economic Scorecard Fed Members Markets Morning Mkt Analysis US Commentary European Commentary Asian Commentary Canadian Commentary Indian Commentary Commodities Bonds Currencies Politics US World White House Elections Congress General News Forex FX Top Stories Currency Analysis Currency Alerts Economic Calendar Economic Scorecard Health Hot Topics Diet & Fitness Kids Health Men's Health Women's Health Cancer News Drug Development Mental Health Tech Hot Topics Gadgets & Games Mobile Green Tech Entertainment Top Stories TV News Movie News Slide Shows Game of Thrones Music news Pop Rock Classic Rock Rap/Hip-Hop Country Alternative Oldies All Genre Content Licensing Newswires & Feeds Content Syndication Digital Signage Services Radio News Services Premium Emerging Biostocks Under The Radar Short-Term Investor NewsStream Login More Free Content RSS Feeds Search Blog Political Science / Nature Fundamental Analysis Columns Science & Tech Arts & Leisure Politics & Policy Money Canadian News   E-MAIL  SHARE FONT-SIZE    Tweet Share INO Slips On Clinical Hold, MRK Gets FDA Nod, Be All Ears For AKAO 10/25/2016 3:29 AM ET Achaogen Inc. (AKAO) is scheduled to present data from Cohort 2 of phase III clinical trial of Plazomicin in patients with serious bacterial infections due to carbapenem-resistant enterobacteriaceae on Saturday, October 29, 2016. Carbapenem-resistant Enterobacteriaceae, or CRE, are a family of germs that are difficult to treat because they have high levels of resistance to antibiotics. Klebsiella species and Escherichia coli (E. coli) are examples of Enterobacteriaceae, a normal part of the human gut bacteria, that can become carbapenem-resistant. (Source: CDC). The phase III trial of Plazomicin, dubbed CARE, includes Cohort 1, which is a randomized one with 39 patients, and Cohort 2, which is a single-arm expanded eligibility cohort with 30 patients with confirmed CRE. Another pivotal trial evaluating Plazomicin in complicated urinary tract infections (cUTIs), known as EPIC, is also underway. Top-line results from the CARE and EPIC trials are expected to be reported in early Q1 2017. AKAO closed Monday's trading at $5.31, down 3.28%. Shares of Aduro Biotech Inc. (ADRO) fell as much as 11% on Monday on news that the clinical trials of its investigational product from its LADD platform - CRS-207 - have been placed on partial clinical hold to pause new patient enrollment. Aduro's LADD platform uses novel, live-attenuated Listeria to deliver tumor antigens. The partial hold was initiated after a blood culture sample from an indwelling port of a metastatic pancreatic cancer patient who presented with gastrointestinal symptoms tested positive for Listeria. Patients currently receiving a LADD-based agent (except one currently identified patient, due to the presence of a pacemaker) are continuing to receive treatment, with several of these patients having been on study drug for six months or longer, the company noted. ADRO closed Monday's trading at $11.70, down 4.49%. DBV Technologies S.A.'s (DBVT) two-year follow-up study of Viaskin Peanut for the treatment of peanut-allergic children, dubbed OLFUS-VIPES, has demonstrated favorable safety and high compliance, consistent with prior results. OLFUS-VIPES, or OLFUS, is the follow-up study to VIPES, the company's phase IIb clinical trial of Viaskin Peanut. Previously, the company reported positive results from VIPES in September 2014 and provided an interim analysis from the first 12 months of OLFUS in October 2015. DBVT closed Monday's trading at $35.31, down 0.73%. In after-hours, the stock was up 0.27% to $35.41. Global Blood Therapeutics Inc. (GBT) is all set to initiate a pivotal trial for GBT440 in adults and adolescents with sickle cell disease in December of this year. The phase III trial, dubbed HOPE, is designed to enroll up to 400 patients age 12 and older with sickle cell disease who have had at least one episode of vaso-occlusive crisis (VOC) in the previous year. The top-line data from the HOPE study are anticipated in the first half of 2019. GBT closed Monday's trading at $17.75, down 5.84%. Shares of Inovio Pharmaceuticals Inc. (INO) slid more than 16% on Monday, following a clinical hold on the company's proposed phase III clinical program for VGX-3100. VGX-3100 is an investigational DNA immunotherapy candidate designed to treat precancers and cancers caused by human papillomavirus (HPV). The treatment is administered to patients by injection into muscle (typically in the arm), followed by electroporation using Inovio's CELLECTRA device. The phase III study of VGX-3100 has not been initiated, and has not enrolled or dosed subjects. The FDA has requested additional data to support the shelf-life of the newly designed and manufactured disposable parts of the CELLECTRA 5PSP immunotherapy delivery device. The company is optimistic of submitting the requested data to the FDA before the end of this year. Accordingly, the phase III clinical program of VGX-3100 will not start until the first half of 2017 pending resolution of the FDA's requests. INO closed Monday's trading at $6.99, down 16.39%. Ligand Pharmaceuticals Inc. (LGND) has earned a $1.5 million milestone payment from its partner Melinta Therapeutics, following the submission of New Drug Applications of IV and oral Baxdela for the treatment of patients with acute bacterial skin and skin structure infections. Baxdela is eligible for priority review by the FDA, and a regulatory decision is expected to be announced by mid-year 2017. LGND closed Monday's trading at $93.99, up 0.51%. The FDA on Monday approved Merck's (MRK) KEYTRUDA for yet another indication - this time, for the first-line treatment of patients with metastatic non-small cell lung cancer whose tumors have high PD-L1 expression with no EGFR or ALK genomic tumor aberrations. The approval for the new indication comes 2 months ahead of the decision date of December 24, 2016. Keytruda was first approved in September 2014 for treatment of patients with advanced or unresectable melanoma who are no longer responding to other drugs. The other indications for which the drug is approved are metastatic non-small cell lung cancer, and recurrent or metastatic head and neck squamous cell carcinoma. The sales of the drug for full year 2015 were $566 million, and were $563 million in the first half of this year. MRK closed Monday's trading at $60.75, down 0.74%. Canadian specialty pharma company Theratechnologies Inc. (TH.TO) and its partner TaiMed Biologics Inc. eagerly await the top-line results of a phase III study of Ibalizumab in combination with optimized background regimen, in patients infected with multi-drug resistant HIV-1, which are expected to be available in the coming weeks. The last patient enrolled in the trial has finished the treatment phase of the study, and analysis of the data is now being completed. TH.TO closed Monday's trading at C$3.32, unchanged from the previous day's close. Vanda Pharmaceuticals Inc. (VNDA) has agreed to settle its ongoing patent litigation with Taro Pharmaceuticals U.S.A., Inc. and Taro Pharmaceutical Industries Ltd. related to schizophrenia drug Fanapt. Taro had filed an Abbreviated New Drug Application seeking approval of its generic version of Vanda's Fanapt. The patent on Fanapt expires on November 2, 2027. Now that Vanda is settling the patent litigation, Taro has been granted a non-exclusive license to manufacture and commercialize its version of Fanapt in the U. S. effective November 2, 2027. However, if Vanda obtains pediatric exclusivity for Fanapt, Taro will have to wait until May 2, 2028 to market its generic version of the drug. Fanapt garnered sales of $65.6 million in 2015 and $35.63 million in the first half of 2016. VNDA closed Monday's trading at $15.85, up 0.13%. by RTT Staff Writer For comments and feedback: editorial@rttnews.com Business News The Most Influential Books In Business Fed Chatterbox: Economic Preview Week of November 14 Forget Canada: The Best Places To Flee Trump's America Canadian News AMGN Crosses BRIDGE, Anxiety Over PTCT's Translarna Eases, EGRX Opens Wallet ANTH Plunges As Lupus Trial Fails, BMY's Opdivo Is At It Again, FDA Nod For GILD Here's Why ISB Food Group Is Recalling These Ice Cream Brands ADAP Surges As FDA Lifts Clinical Hold, OCUL Catches Eyes, RegeneRx On The Rise MDCO Tastes Bitter, PRTO Awaits Phase 3 Data In Dec., It's Time To Cherish IONS Concordia Suspending Guidance After Management Shake-up Six Late Stage Drugs That Bit The Dust Recently 7 Articles Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. comments powered by Disqus RELATED NEWS Merck: Researchers To Provide More 30 Than Data Presentations At ID Week Merck Q3 Profit Rises; Lifts 2016 Outlook Merck & Co Q3 16 Earnings Conference Call At 8:00 AM ET Merck & Co Inc. Reports 10% Increase In Q3 Profit Merck's Phase 3 Keynote-045 Trial Of Keytruda Meets Primary Endpoint Trade MRK now with  Follow RTT Editor's Pick Most Read Most Emailed Amaya Gets Huge Buyout Bid From Former CEO Zuckerberg: Facebook Hoax News Did Not Get Trump Elected Kenneth Cole Closing Brick-and-Mortars Samsung To Buy Harman Intl' In About $8 Bln All-cash Deal Siemens To Buy Mentor Graphics For $4.5 Bln Enterprise Value Nasty Gal Files For Bankruptcy Allianz Stock Climbs On Q3 Profit Growth, Confirms FY16 Profit View Walt Disney Q4 Profit Down - Update Forget Canada: The Best Places To Escape Trump's America Continental Stock Dips On Weak Q3 Profit; Sees Strong Earnings In Q4 AstraZeneca Q3 Pre-tax Profit Down On Crestor Generic; Backs FY View Alphabet Cancels Drone Deal With Starbucks As Project Leaders Pushed Out ADAP Surges As FDA Lifts Clinical Hold, OCUL Catches Eyes, RegeneRx On The Rise ARWR's Hepatitis B Drug On Clinical Hold, GMED Disappoints, A First For MYL AdvancePierre Foods Appoints Christopher Sliva As President ANTH Plunges As Lupus Trial Fails, BMY's Opdivo Is At It Again, FDA Nod For GILD Engie 9-month EBITDA Declines - Quick Facts AMGN Crosses BRIDGE, Anxiety Over PTCT's Translarna Eases, EGRX Opens Wallet Pfizer : IBRANCE Approved In Europe To Treat HR+/HER2- Metastatic Breast Cancer Forget Canada: The Best Places To Escape Trump's America Alphabet Cancels Drone Deal With Starbucks As Project Leaders Pushed Out Google Rejects EU Antitrust Charges Allianz Stock Climbs On Q3 Profit Growth, Confirms FY16 Profit View Walt Disney Q4 Profit Down - Update Facebook Taking Aim At LinkedIn Samsung To Buy Harman Intl' In About $8 Bln All-cash Deal Rio Tinto Suspends Unit CEO Alan Davies Amid Guinea Payments Investigation Alstom Turns To Profit In H1; Sales, Orders Up; Backs 2020 View - Quick Facts Kuka Group Q3 Profit Surges; Lowers FY16 Sales Outlook - Quick Facts HeidelbergCement Q3 Profit Down;says Confident To Exceed €400 Mln Synergy Target Osram Licht Q4 Profit Declines; Sees Growth In 2017 - Quick Facts Heidelberg Reports Positive Net Result In Q2; Affirms Fiscal Year Targets Carlsberg Q3 Revenues Decline; But Lifts FY16 Profit Outlook - Quick Facts E.ON 9-month Loss Narrows; Confirms 2016 Profit Outlook Munich Re Lifts FY View, Q3 Profit Rises - Quick Facts Swiss Life 9-month Fee Income Rises; Premiums Down; On Track For FY16 Targets Copyright © 2016 RTTNews. All rights reserved. By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Service. About Us   |   Privacy   |   Feedback   |   Sitemap
Dienstag, 15.11.2016 Börsentäglich über 12.000 News von 551 internationalen Medien Indizes Kurs % News 24 h / 7 T Aufrufe 7 Tage Aktien Kurs % News 24 h / 7 T Aufrufe 7 Tage Xetra-Orderbuch Devisen Kurs % Rohstoffe Kurs % Passende Knock-Outs zu Ihrer Suchanfrage (Anzeige) Erweiterte Suche Ad hoc-Mitteilungen Startseite Nachrichten Aktienkurse Fonds Anleihen Derivate Rohstoffe Devisen Watchlist Aufklappen Schliessen Nachrichten»INO Slips On Clinical Hold, MRK Gets FDA Nod, Be All Ears For AKAO 25.10.2016 | 09:45 (6 Leser) Schrift ändern: (0 Bewertungen) AFX News·Mehr Nachrichten von AFX News INO Slips On Clinical Hold, MRK Gets FDA Nod, Be All Ears For AKAO WHITEHOUSE STATION (dpa-AFX) - Achaogen Inc. (AKAO) is scheduled to present data from Cohort 2 of phase III clinical trial of Plazomicin in patients with serious bacterial infections due to carbapenem-resistant enterobacteriaceae on Saturday, October 29, 2016. Carbapenem-resistant Enterobacteriaceae, or CRE, are a family of germs that are difficult to treat because they have high levels of resistance to antibiotics. Klebsiella species and Escherichia coli (E. coli) are examples of Enterobacteriaceae, a normal part of the human gut bacteria, that can become carbapenem-resistant. (Source: CDC). The phase III trial of Plazomicin, dubbed CARE, includes Cohort 1, which is a randomized one with 39 patients, and Cohort 2, which is a single-arm expanded eligibility cohort with 30 patients with confirmed CRE. Another pivotal trial evaluating Plazomicin in complicated urinary tract infections (cUTIs), known as EPIC, is also underway. Top-line results from the CARE and EPIC trials are expected to be reported in early Q1 2017. AKAO closed Monday's trading at $5.31, down 3.28%. Shares of Aduro Biotech Inc. (ADRO) fell as much as 11% on Monday on news that the clinical trials of its investigational product from its LADD platform - CRS-207 - have been placed on partial clinical hold to pause new patient enrollment. Aduro's LADD platform uses novel, live-attenuated Listeria to deliver tumor antigens. The partial hold was initiated after a blood culture sample from an indwelling port of a metastatic pancreatic cancer patient who presented with gastrointestinal symptoms tested positive for Listeria. Patients currently receiving a LADD-based agent (except one currently identified patient, due to the presence of a pacemaker) are continuing to receive treatment, with several of these patients having been on study drug for six months or longer, the company noted. ADRO closed Monday's trading at $11.70, down 4.49%. DBV Technologies S.A.'s (DBVT) two-year follow-up study of Viaskin Peanut for the treatment of peanut-allergic children, dubbed OLFUS-VIPES, has demonstrated favorable safety and high compliance, consistent with prior results. OLFUS-VIPES, or OLFUS, is the follow-up study to VIPES, the company's phase IIb clinical trial of Viaskin Peanut. Previously, the company reported positive results from VIPES in September 2014 and provided an interim analysis from the first 12 months of OLFUS in October 2015. DBVT closed Monday's trading at $35.31, down 0.73%. In after-hours, the stock was up 0.27% to $35.41. Global Blood Therapeutics Inc. (GBT) is all set to initiate a pivotal trial for GBT440 in adults and adolescents with sickle cell disease in December of this year. The phase III trial, dubbed HOPE, is designed to enroll up to 400 patients age 12 and older with sickle cell disease who have had at least one episode of vaso-occlusive crisis (VOC) in the previous year. The top-line data from the HOPE study are anticipated in the first half of 2019. GBT closed Monday's trading at $17.75, down 5.84%. Shares of Inovio Pharmaceuticals Inc. (INO) slid more than 16% on Monday, following a clinical hold on the company's proposed phase III clinical program for VGX-3100. VGX-3100 is an investigational DNA immunotherapy candidate designed to treat precancers and cancers caused by human papillomavirus (HPV). The treatment is administered to patients by injection into muscle (typically in the arm), followed by electroporation using Inovio's CELLECTRA device. The phase III study of VGX-3100 has not been initiated, and has not enrolled or dosed subjects. The FDA has requested additional data to support the shelf-life of the newly designed and manufactured disposable parts of the CELLECTRA 5PSP immunotherapy delivery device. The company is optimistic of submitting the requested data to the FDA before the end of this year. Accordingly, the phase III clinical program of VGX-3100 will not start until the first half of 2017 pending resolution of the FDA's requests. INO closed Monday's trading at $6.99, down 16.39%. Ligand Pharmaceuticals Inc. (LGND) has earned a $1.5 million milestone payment from its partner Melinta Therapeutics, following the submission of New Drug Applications of IV and oral Baxdela for the treatment of patients with acute bacterial skin and skin structure infections. Baxdela is eligible for priority review by the FDA, and a regulatory decision is expected to be announced by mid-year 2017. LGND closed Monday's trading at $93.99, up 0.51%. The FDA on Monday approved Merck's (MRK) KEYTRUDA for yet another indication - this time, for the first-line treatment of patients with metastatic non-small cell lung cancer whose tumors have high PD-L1 expression with no EGFR or ALK genomic tumor aberrations. The approval for the new indication comes 2 months ahead of the decision date of December 24, 2016. Keytruda was first approved in September 2014 for treatment of patients with advanced or unresectable melanoma who are no longer responding to other drugs. The other indications for which the drug is approved are metastatic non-small cell lung cancer, and recurrent or metastatic head and neck squamous cell carcinoma. The sales of the drug for full year 2015 were $566 million, and were $563 million in the first half of this year. MRK closed Monday's trading at $60.75, down 0.74%. Canadian specialty pharma company Theratechnologies Inc. (TH.TO) and its partner TaiMed Biologics Inc. eagerly await the top-line results of a phase III study of Ibalizumab in combination with optimized background regimen, in patients infected with multi-drug resistant HIV-1, which are expected to be available in the coming weeks. The last patient enrolled in the trial has finished the treatment phase of the study, and analysis of the data is now being completed. TH.TO closed Monday's trading at C$3.32, unchanged from the previous day's close. Vanda Pharmaceuticals Inc. (VNDA) has agreed to settle its ongoing patent litigation with Taro Pharmaceuticals U.S.A., Inc. and Taro Pharmaceutical Industries Ltd. related to schizophrenia drug Fanapt. Taro had filed an Abbreviated New Drug Application seeking approval of its generic version of Vanda's Fanapt. The patent on Fanapt expires on November 2, 2027. Now that Vanda is settling the patent litigation, Taro has been granted a non-exclusive license to manufacture and commercialize its version of Fanapt in the U. S. effective November 2, 2027. However, if Vanda obtains pediatric exclusivity for Fanapt, Taro will have to wait until May 2, 2028 to market its generic version of the drug. Fanapt garnered sales of $65.6 million in 2015 and $35.63 million in the first half of 2016. VNDA closed Monday's trading at $15.85, up 0.13%. Copyright RTT News/dpa-AFX © 2016 AFX News Sie erhalten auf FinanzNachrichten.de kostenlose Realtime-Aktienkurse von  und  mit der Push-Technologie von   Wie bewerten Sie die aktuell angezeigte Seite?sehr gut123456schlechtProblem melden Google+ Seite Nachrichten • Aktienkurse • DAX • Xetra-Orderbuch • Watchlist Ad hoc-Mitteilungen • Nachrichten Börsen • Aktien-Empfehlungen Branchen • Medien • Nachrichten-Archiv Impressum | AGB | Disclaimer • Presse • Mediadaten RSS-News von FinanzNachrichten.de kostenlos für Ihren Browser und Ihre Homepage
The Spokesman-Review Menu Log in Register Obits E-edition Classifieds Customer Service The Spokesman-Review Home News Opinion Features Entertainment Sports Blogs Classifieds LocalRegionalIdahoNation/WorldVoices Business Health Elections Today's News Archives E-Edition Data Projects Local Guides Obituaries Public Records Weddings/Engagements Births Announcements Photos Reader Photos Picture Stories Video Sitemap » OpinionLetters Features HomeFoodHealthBoomer U Spokane7.com Entertainment Calendar Movies Food & Dining On Tap beer blog Entertainment blog Local area guides Contests Coupons Cultural Events Visual Arts Family & Kids Sports HomeSportslink Blog High School Sports Outdoors EWU Eagles Football EWU Eagles Basketball Gonzaga Basketball WSU Cougars Football WSU Cougars Basketball Idaho Vandals Spokane Indians Spokane Chiefs Spokane Empire Blog Home Clarksville Editor's notes Extra Credit Eye On Boise Getting There Huckleberries Online On Tap Outdoors blog Photo blog Sirens & Gavels Spin Control Spokane 7 Spokane Valley SportsLink The Slice The Tech Deck Too Many Cooks Classifieds Homes/Rentals Jobs Autos Weddings Birthdays/Anniversaries GoShopping FEATURED » Reader photos S-R Election Center S-R Podcast WSU football Menu Search Contact Contact Mon., Nov. 14, 2016 53˚ Features TUESDAY, OCT. 25, 2016 Advisory panel recommends just two HPV vaccine doses for many children By Laurie Mcginley Washington Post Twitter Facebook Email Reddit Children who start getting vaccinated against the human papillomavirus virus before age 15 only need to get two doses, according to a new recommendation from government advisers. The previous guidance was for a three-shot regimen, but studies have shown that two doses work just as well. Experts predict that the simpler, more flexible timeline will result in higher rates of HPV vaccination, which has lagged among both girls and boys. The Advisory Committee on Immunization Practices, which counsels the Centers for Diseases Control and Prevention on the nation’s vaccine schedule, voted Wednesday for the change. The CDC is expected to accept the recommendation. Under the new schedule, the first of two doses of the HPV vaccine should be administered at age 11 or 12, although it could be given as early as age 9, as under the previous policy. The second dose would be administered six to 12 months after the first dose. The new recommendation does not apply to adolescents who begin getting vaccinated after they turn 15. They should still get three shots over a six-month period, the panel said. The HPV vaccine prevents cervical, vaginal, anal, and head and neck cancers, as well as precancerous lesions and genital warts. The most widely used vaccine is Gardasil, manufactured by Merck. The rate of HPV inoculation, while increasing in the last year or so, remains below that of other childhood vaccines. Last year, for example, about half of boys ages 13 to 17 had gotten at least one of the recommended three doses, while about 63 percent of girls had gotten at least one dose, according to the CDC. Cancer experts and public health officials hope a two-shot regimen will boost those figures. “By reducing the number of doses needed to complete HPV vaccination, it should lead to an increase in the percentage of eligible boys and girls who get vaccinated,” said Douglas Lowy, acting director of the National Cancer Institute. Lowy and his NCI colleague John Schiller developed the technology that underlies the HPV vaccine. Published: Oct. 25, 2016, midnight  Tags: Centers for Disease Control and Prevention, cervical cancer, HPV vaccine, human papillomavirus, vaccine Click here to comment on this story » ​ Follow the Spokesman wherever you are: Facebook Twitter Newsletter Subscribe Unlimited Digital Access Print edition home delivery Help Customer Service Sitemap Directory Subscriber Services Classifieds Classifieds Advertising Obituaries More Staff Cowles Jobs Archives/Research Buy photo reprints Jumble Crossword Horoscopes Contact Us Downtown Spokane 999 W Riverside Ave Spokane, Wa 99201 Mailing Address P.O. Box 2160 Spokane, WA 99210 Main switchboard: (509) 459-5000 Customer service: (509) 747-4422 Newsroom: (509) 459-5400 (800) 789-0029 © Copyright 2016, The Spokesman-Review Community Guidelines Terms of Service Privacy Policy Copyright Policy Close Sections Home News Local News Regional News Idaho News Nation/World Business Community Voices Opinion Opinion Letters Features Features Home  Food Health Boomer U Spokane 7 Entertainment Calendar On Tap beer blog Entertainment blog Movie Showtimes Contests Sports Sports Home  Outdoors Sportslink Blog Gonzaga Basketball High School Sports WSU Cougar Basketball EWU Eagles Basketball Idaho Vandals Spokane Chiefs Spokane Empire GU Board EWU Eagles Football WSU Cougar Football Spokane Indians Blogs Blogs Home  Clarksville Editor's notes Extra Credit Eye On Boise Getting There Huckleberries Online On Tap Outdoors blog Photo blog Sirens & Gavels Spin Control Spokane 7 Spokane Valley SportsLink The Slice The Tech Deck Too Many Cooks Classifieds Obituaries Classifieds Homes Jobs Autos Weddings GoShopping E-Edition Sitemap Profile Log in Create account Customer Service Close Contact the Spokesman Main switchboard: (509) 459-5000 Customer service: (509) 747-4422 Newsroom: (509) 459-5400 (800) 789-0029 Back to Spokesman Mobile
Post Profile for Your Business      Submit Press Release Join Now     Sign In   Businesses Articles Press Releases   Business Directory Products & Services Jobs Recent Press Releases Press Release Pricing Submit Press Release Businesses Products & Services Products Services Press Releases Jobs Press Release Pricing | News by Category | News by Country | News by US Region | Recent News | PR.com News on Your Site   Press Releases   iHealthcareAnalyst, Inc. Press Release Receive press releases from iHealthcareAnalyst, Inc.: By Email RSS Feeds: Anxiety Disorders and Depression Treatment Market USD 17.8 Billion by 2020, Published by iHealthcareAnalyst, Inc. The global anxiety disorders and depression treatment market is estimated to reach USD 17.8 Billion in 2020, growing at a CAGR of 0.9% from 2016 to 2020, according to a market research report Anxiety Disorders and Depression Treatment Market 2013-2020, published by iHealthcareAnalyst, Inc. Maryland Heights, MO, October 25, 2016 --(PR.com)-- The global anxiety disorders and depression treatment market is estimated to reach USD 17.8 Billion in 2020, growing at a CAGR of 0.9% from 2016 to 2020, according to a market research report Anxiety Disorders and Depression Treatment Market 2013-2020, published by iHealthcareAnalyst, Inc. Visit the Anxiety Disorders and Depression Treatment Market 2013-2020 report at https://www.ihealthcareanalyst.com/report/anxiety-disorders-depression-treatment-market/ The global anxiety disorders and depression treatment market report provides market size (Revenue USD Million 2013 to 2020), market share, market trends and forecasts growth trends (CAGR%, 2016 to 2020). Anxiety disorders and depression are different, but people with depression often experience symptoms similar to those of an anxiety disorder, such as nervousness, irritability, and problems sleeping and concentrating. But each disorder has its own causes and its own emotional and behavioral symptoms. The global anxiety disorders and depression treatment market segmentation is based on drug class (selective serotonin reuptake inhibitors, serotonin-norepinephrine reuptake, atypical antipsychotics, tricyclic antidepressants, tetracyclic antidepressants, monoamine oxidase inhibitors, benzodiazepines, beta-blockers, anticonvulsants). The global anxiety disorders and depression treatment market research report is divided by geography (regional and country based) into North America (U.S., Canada), Latin America (Brazil, Mexico, Rest of LA), Europe (U.K., Germany, France, Italy, Spain, Rest of EU), Asia Pacific (Japan, China, India, Rest of APAC), and Rest of the World. 1. Drug Class 1.1. Anticonvulsants 1.2. Atypical Antipsychotics 1.3. Benzodiazepines, Beta-Blockers 1.4. Monoamine Oxidase Inhibitors 1.5. Selective Serotonin Reuptake Inhibitors 1.6. Serotonin-Norepinephrine Reuptake 1.7. Tetracyclic Antidepressants 1.8. Tricyclic Antidepressants 2. Geography (Region, Country) 2.1 North America (U.S., Canada) 2.2 Latin America (Brazil, Mexico, Rest of LA) 2.3 Europe (U.K., Germany, France, Italy, Spain, Rest of EU) 2.4 Asia Pacific (Japan, China, India, Rest of APAC) 2.5 Rest of the World 3. Company Profiles 3.1 AstraZeneca PLC 3.2 Eli Lilly and Company 3.3 Forest Laboratories, Inc. 3.4 GlaxoSmithKline plc 3.5 H. Lundbeck A/S 3.6 Johnson& Johnson 3.7 Merck & Co., Inc. 3.8 Pfizer, Inc. 3.9 Sanofi-Aventis About Us iHealthcareAnalyst, Inc. is a global health care market research and consulting company providing market analysis, and competitive intelligence services to global clients. The Company publishes syndicate, custom and consulting grade healthcare reports covering animal healthcare, biotechnology, clinical diagnostics, healthcare informatics, healthcare services, medical devices, medical equipment, and pharmaceuticals. iHealthcareAnalyst, Inc. provides industry participants and stakeholders with strategically analyzed, unbiased view of market dynamics and business opportunities within its coverage areas. Contact Us iHealthcareAnalyst, Inc. 2109, Mckelvey Hill Drive, Maryland Heights, MO 63043 United States Email: sales@ihealthcareranalyst.com Website: http://www.ihealthcareanalyst.com Contact Information iHealthcareAnalyst, Inc. Ana Aitawa (314) 736-9294 Contact http://www.ihealthcareanalyst.com/ Click here to view the list of recent Press Releases from iHealthcareAnalyst, Inc. Promote Your Business Affiliate Program Link To Us Email this page to a friend PR.com Contact Us About Us Terms of Use Help
MM&M Facebook MM&M Twitter MM&M LinkedIn Advertise Subscribe Log in | Register Home News Agencies Data/Analytics Campaigns Commercial Corporate Legal/Regulatory Media Opinion Payers Pipeline Technology 3 health tech innovations experts say will revolutionalize healthcare As digital-health funding increases, here's how VR, nanotechnology, and 3D printing could potentially improve the value of healthcare. Health Influencer 50 MM&M and PRWeek editors convened to select 50 battle-tested pros who are changing the healthcare game. Find out if you made the list. 10 things for pharma marketers to know about Facebook and Instagram With about 70 million users in six million health-related groups, drugmakers have tremendous opportunity to reach key audiences on Facebook. Here's how. Series Top 100 Agencies Live at Cannes Pharma Report Watson Week MM&M's Guide to DTC Top 40 Transformers Events Big Data Hall of Femme Leadership Exchanges MM&M Awards Transforming Healthcare Conference Webcasts Virtual Events Resources eBooks inVision Videos Podcasts The Agency Gallery The PMD Whitepapers Careers The Glass Ceiling Upward Moves At Work With Magazine Latest Issue Issue Archive MM&M > Channel > Legal/Regulatory > J&J exec calls California pricing measure 'misguided' Tweet Jaimy Lee October 24, 2016 J&J exec calls California pricing measure 'misguided' Share this content: facebook twitter linkedin google Comments Print Veterans groups have joined drugmakers in their opposition to Proposition 61.  Johnson & Johnson has voiced its opposition to a popular proposition in California that would require drugmakers to charge state agencies the same prices for prescription drugs as the Veterans Affairs department does, with one executive describing the intent of the measure as “misguided.” Joaquin Duato, worldwide chairman of pharmaceuticals at Johnson & Johnson,  told investors last week that Proposition 61 could create access issues for patients. “We don't see Proposition 61 as the right way to try to work on pharmaceutical pricing,” he said during a third-quarter earnings call. “We think it's a misguided action.” See also: Drugmakers explore response to pricing debate Voters are set to vote on the ballot measure on November 8. Also called the California Drug Price Relief Act, it would allow agencies in California to pay the same prices for drugs that the Veterans Affairs department pays, in an effort to lower the state's prescription drug tab. The VA reportedly pays up to 24% less for drugs compared to what other government agencies pay, according to Yes on 61, the organization advocating on behalf of the proposition. About 66% of voters would vote yes on the ballot measure, a poll conducted in early September by USC Dornsife and the Los Angeles Times found. The measure has garnered the support of the AARP, the California Nurses Association, and Sen. Bernie Sanders (D-VT). Despite widespread support for the measure, the degree of financial savings that it could achieve is unclear. The state's Legislative Analyst's Office failed to come up with an estimate of the fiscal impact of the measure, but said that if passed it “may result in a substantial net change in state or local finances.” See also: IMS Health: Drug spend will steadily rise through 2020 To nobody's surprise, drugmakers like Pfizer and Merck are opposed to the measure. Veterans groups, worried about whether it will mean higher prices for them, are also opposed, as is the California Medical Association. The issues of drug pricing and reimbursement, whether through a government agency or a commercial health plan, have become a key issue in the debate about rising U.S. healthcare costs. Once limited to medical circles, the subject has become an election-year issue, with Sanders, Hillary Clinton, and Donald Trump weighing in. At the same time, the CEOs of Mylan, Turing Pharmaceuticals, and Valeant Pharmaceuticals International were hauled before Congress to testify about price hikes of their drugs. At least 14 states, including California, have introduced bills over the last two years that would require transparency about high-priced drugs, according to to the National Conference of State Legislatures. Three bills, two of which failed to move forward, have been introduced in California. See also: Americans are increasingly critical of drug industry, a new poll finds Some drugmakers, including J&J, have acknowledged that the current pricing model no longer serves the pharmaceutical industry, patients, and payers. They are seeking new ways to partner with insurers and PBMs, such as by developing outcomes-based contracts. Allergan publicly announced plans in September to limit price increases of drugs to once a year and no more than 10%. “Pharmaceuticals represent 14% of total expenditures and we understand that we need to work with different stakeholders in order to try to manage our healthcare cost... We have advanced different ideas in that area … such as value-based contracting,” J&J's Duato said during the investor call. Share this content: facebook twitter linkedin google Comments Print Similar Articles The drug industry wins pricing battle in California, likely to fare better with Trump J&J inks Alzheimer's vaccine deal It's time for J&J to challenge the Credo...again J&J opens diabetes training center Drugmakers, facing pricing criticism, sell cures in new ads Related Topics Commercial Election Pricing State Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Next Article in Legal/Regulatory Drugmakers spar with FDA over proposed DTC animation study MM&M Articles Popular Emailed Recent Infographic: what information doctors need from pharma Will drugmakers get what they're looking for at this week's FDA off-label hearing? Five things for pharma marketers to know: Friday, November 11, 2016 Five things for pharma marketers to know: Wednesday, November 9, 2016 Five things for pharma marketers to know: Monday, November 7, 2016 Merck educates doctors about biosimilars, long before it will sell one in the U.S. 4 trends with the potential to change behavior in the patient journey What do physicians think about biosimilars? Novartis considers new sales model for experimental cancer therapy Boehringer Ingelheim launches gamified support program Pfizer expands humanitarian access to Prevnar 13 vaccine Five things for pharma marketers to know: Monday, November 14, 2016 Will he or won't he? Pharma speculates on President-elect Trump Pharma pushes to share off-label info with payers at FDA hearing What's Next for the FDA During the Trump Administration Tweets by @MMMnews Events Weekly MM&M Breaking News MM&M KOL White Paper MM&M News Brief MM&M Sponsored Promotion MM&M Weekly Digest The Splash from MM&M United States United Kingdom Canada Afghanistan Albania Algeria American Samoa Andorra Angola Anguilla Antarctica Antigua and Barbuda Argentina Armenia Aruba Australia Austria Azerbaijan Bahamas Bahrain Bangladesh Barbados Belarus Belgium Belize Benin Bermuda Bhutan Bolivia Bosnia and Herzegovina Botswana Bouvet Island Brazil British Indian Ocean Territory Brunei Darussalam Bulgaria Burkina Faso Burundi Cambodia Cameroon Cape Verde Cayman Islands Central African Republic Chad Chile China Christmas Island Cocos (Keeling) Islands Colombia Comoros Congo Congo (DRC) Cook Islands Costa Rica Côte D'Ivoire Croatia Cuba Cyprus Czech Republic Denmark Djibouti Dominica Dominican Republic Ecuador Egypt El Salvador Equatorial Guinea Eritrea Estonia Ethiopia Falkland Islands (Malvinas) Faroe Islands Fiji Islands Finland France French Guiana French Polynesia French Southern Territories Gabon Gambia Georgia Germany Ghana Gibraltar Greece Greenland Grenada Guadeloupe Guam Guatemala Guinea Guinea-Bissau Guyana Haiti Heard Island and Mcdonald Islands Honduras Hong Kong Hungary Iceland India Indonesia Iran Iraq Ireland Israel Italy Jamaica Japan Jordan Kazakhstan Kenya Kiribati Korea Kuwait Kyrgyzstan Laos Latvia Lebanon Lesotho Liberia Libya Liechtenstein Lithuania Luxembourg Macao Macedonia Madagascar Malawi Malaysia Maldives Mali Malta Marshall Islands Martinique Mauritania Mauritius Mayotte Mexico Micronesia Moldova Monaco Mongolia Montenegro Montserrat Morocco Mozambique Myanmar Namibia Nauru Nepal Netherlands Netherlands Antilles New Caledonia New Zealand Nicaragua Niger Nigeria Niue Norfolk Island North Korea Northern Mariana Islands Norway Oman Pakistan Palau Panama Papua New Guinea Paraguay Peru Philippines Pitcairn Poland Portugal Puerto Rico Qatar Reunion Romania Russia Rwanda Saint Helena Saint Kitts and Nevis Saint Lucia Saint Martin Saint Pierre and Miquelon Saint Vincent and The Grenadines San Marino Sao Tome & Principe Saudi Arabia Senegal Serbia-Montenegro Seychelles Sierra Leone Singapore Slovakia Slovenia Solomon Islands Somalia South Africa Spain Sri Lanka Sudan Suriname Svalbard and Jan Mayen Swaziland Sweden Switzerland Syria Taiwan Tajikistan Tanzania Thailand Timor-Leste Togo Tokelau Tonga Trinidad and Tobago Tunisia Turkey Turkmenistan Turks and Caicos Islands Tuvalu Uganda Ukraine United Arab Emirates Uruguay Uzbekistan Vanuatu Vatican City Venezuela Vietnam Virgin Islands Virgin Islands, British Wallis and Futuna Western Samoa Yemen Yugoslavia Zambia Zimbabwe Check out what's trending Healthcare Legal/Regulatory FDA Pharma Health Influencer 50 People Pricing Election Commercial More in Legal/Regulatory Will he or won't he? Pharma speculates on ... If Trump decides to go after pharma, politicians aren't likely to receive too many "How can you do this? Think about the children!" notes. Pharma pushes to share off-label info with payers ... Insurers and pharmacy benefit managers already have a sophisticated understanding of clinical data, the industry argued. What's Next for the FDA During the Trump ... Expect major changes in the way the FDA does business with drug companies after the Trump administration takes over in January. Medical Marketing & Media Return To Top News Agencies Campaigns Commercial Corporate Legal/Regulatory Media Payers Pipeline Opinion Back Talk Beltway Insider Editor's Desk Partner Forum Private View Viewpoint User Center Subscribe About us Contact us Media Information Sitemap Ad Choices Connect With Us Newsletters Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Copyright © 2016 Haymarket Media, Inc. All Rights Reserved This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed in any form without prior authorization. Your use of this website constitutes acceptance of Haymarket Media's Privacy Policy and Terms & Conditions.
Menu Home + Nation General Abu Dhabi Dubai Sharjah Ras Al Khaimah Fujairah Umm Al Quwain Ajman Government Crime UAE health Transport Education Happiness Times Weather Yas Island - Anime + Region Bahrain Kuwait Oman Qatar Saudi Arabia MENA + International India Pakistan Philippines Rest of Asia Europe Americas Africa Others + Business Local business Markets Economy Auto Gadgets and Electronics Banking and Finance Energy Infrastructure Real Estate Telecom Aviation Companies Dubai Airshow 2015 Gold/Forex Shipping + Sports Local sports Cricket Cricket Scorecard Football Tennis Horse racing Formula 1 Golf Other sports Dubai World Cup 2016 Euro 2016 ICC World Twenty20 Indian Premier League 2016 Mubadala Tennis Championships Olympics 2016 Omega Dubai Desert Classic 2016 Wimbledon 2016 + Technology Computers Features Game Zone Industry Mobiles Technology Videos + City Times In The City Newsmakers Hollywood Bollywood South Stars Movie reviews Music CT Musing + Lifestyle Fashion Beauty Health and Fitness Art and Culture Food Homes Travel + WKND Editor's Note Letters to WKND Editor Editor's Picks What's Hot Interviews Pursuits Bollywood Mindsport Life Coach When Hunger Strikes Beauty Basics Get her look Zapped by Apps Hard Drive On The Road Food and Dining Horoscope A Day In The Life Of It's My Life Personal Trainer People Offbeat Legal View Editorials and columns Letters to the Editor + Photos Nation (photos) International (photos) Business (photos) Sports (photos) Entertainment (photos) Lifestyle (photos) Stars at KT (Photos) + Videos Nation (videos) International (videos) Business (videos) Sports (videos) Entertainment (videos) Lifestyle (videos) CEO Insights (videos) Ramadan (videos) Rio Olympics 2016 (videos) + Gold/forex Bahrain Qatar + Prayer Timings Prayer timings International Prayer Timings UAE Ramadan Time Table Cinema listings + Weather United Arab Emirates Region GCC Countries Asia Europe America Competitions Entertainment + Flydubai Plane Crash Flydubai Plane Crash Photos Flydubai Plane Crash Videos GCC Airport Departures / Arrivals + India Budget 2016-17 India Budget Photos India Budget Videos Inspired Living Listicles + Other pages Advertise with us Contact us Humour Junction Idea Graph Life Is Like That UAE Driving Licence UAE Public Holidays + UAE-India Ties UAE-India Photos UAE-India Videos Utilities Slide Menus Show/Hide Left Slide Menu Show/Hide Right Slide Menu Show/Hide Top Slide Menu Show/Hide Bottom Slide Menu Publications : Khaleej Times SUBSCRIBE COMPETITIONS E-PAPER Sign in | Logout City Times WKND Style Inspired Living KT Home Follow Us Sign in using OR Forgot Password? Register Now! Terms | Privacy Dubai News Nation Business GOLD/FOREX Sports Technology Entertainment Utilities All CITY TIMES WKND KT BUZZON Search POPULAR TOPICS Prayer Timings Cinema Listings Weather Offbeat| Live Flight Status | Style MORE Listicles IPL 2016 Parent Talk Inspired Living Dubai Airshow 2015 UAE-India Ties World T20 PRAYER TIMES General | Abu Dhabi | Dubai | Sharjah | Ras Al Khaimah | Fujairah | Umm Al Quwain | Ajman | Government | Crime | UAE health | Transport | Education | Happiness Times | Weather | Yas Island - Anime Region | International | Dubai | Abu Dhabi | Sharjah | Government | Crime | India | Pakistan | Philippines General | Abu Dhabi | Dubai | Sharjah | Ras Al Khaimah | Fujairah | Umm Al Quwain | Ajman | Government | Crime | UAE health | Transport | Education | Happiness Times | Weather | Yas Island - Anime Local Business | Markets | Economy | Auto | Banking and Finance | Energy | Infrastructure | Real Estate | Telecom | Aviation | Gold/Forex News | Local Sports | Cricket | Football | Tennis | Horse Racing | Formula 1 | Golf | Other Sports | Olympics 2016 Mobiles | Computers | Game Zone | Industry | Features | Gadgets & Electronics | Bollywood | Hollywood | Food | Travel | Lifestyle | Fashion   HOME > Nation > Dubai Rising to the occasion is key to success, say women leaders Rohma Sadaqat /dubai Filed on October 24, 2016 Share More > Vote Dr. Aisha bin Bishr, Director-General, Smart Dubai Office, speaks at the 18th Global Women in Leadership Economic Forum in Dubai on Monday. (Photo by Leslie Pableo) Delegates attend the 18th Global Women in Leadership Economic Forum in Dubai on Monday. (Photo by Leslie Pableo) Women highlight challenges faced during their entrepreneurial journey Challenges remain in the workplace for women, but the key to success is to rise to the occasion and prove yourselves, women leaders at a forum stressed on Monday. Speaking at a panel discussion titled 'Women game changers, disruptors and innovators' at the 18th Women In Leadership Economic Forum, various women spoke about their personal experiences in starting businesses and highlighted some of the challenges they faced on their journey. Alia Khan, chairwoman of the Islamic Fashion & Design Council, spoke about her observations on the role that the Internet played in popularising Islamic fashion in the mainstream fashion industry. "Islamic fashion is disruptive in itself," she said. "With the help of the Internet, we were able to show the whole world what was special about Islamic fashion. Leading the way were the Muslim fashionistas and soon people began noticing. For us, Muslim women, this was not a new phenomenon; but very soon the big mainstream fashion brands began to incorporate the designs into their collections on the red carpet." Khan also spoke about how the Islamic fashion industry is a multi-billion dollar industry today and how there were lots of opportunities for women around the world. "Islamic fashion is built around the principle that you can be fashionable without compromising your values. It is cool, yet disciplined, and rebellious in its own way. And, there is a market for it; not just for Muslim women globally, but for Christian and Jewish women who make up a significant secondary market," she explained.   Bank for poor women Chetna Sinha, founder and chairwoman of the Mann Deshi Foundation, and another speaker at the panel discussion, highlighted her journey in opening a bank in India. "People were shocked and found it difficult to fathom that I was starting a bank for women. More importantly, it was a bank for poor women," she told the audience. "I had observed that women in India were being refused banking services because they were thought of as uneducated and lacking the knowledge to open their own accounts." Sinha also revealed that, like any entrepreneur, she had made mistakes in the beginning of her journey. "We made a lot of mistakes," she said. "What we quickly realised in the beginning was that women were not coming to us after the opening of the bank. Their reason was that a trip to the bank meant a whole day of work wasted. So, we said to ourselves, if they can't come to us, we will go to them. And this became the basis of how we launched our services for these women. We listened to them and quickly found that even though many of these women were not educated, they were extremely intelligent and technology-savvy." Sinha also spoke on the importance of education and having worthy role models for young girls. "Education is undoubtedly important, but it is equally important for young girls to have proper role models who they look up to. It is important to have good role models that inspire you and drive you to set goals for yourselves." Multi-tasking Hala Slieman, general manager for the near east region at Merck, observed that women in the workplace contribute differently to the growth of the economy. This, she said, was because a woman plays multiple roles in the family dynamic. "A woman, especially if she is working, will be responsible for a number of different things, including the health of her family. And we all know that healthy workers perform better at their workplace. For us, there is a lot of value in educating women about preventable diseases, and we all know that prevention is better than cure," she explained. Rapelang Rabana, founder and CEO of Rekindle Learning, also stressed that it was important to empower young girls early on in their lives. "A big shift that needs to happen at the very basic level is to build conviction in young school girls. This empowers them and also encourages them to think about what they want to do and what career path they want to take." - rohma@khaleejtimes.com Rohma Sadaqat I am a reporter and sub-editor on the Business desk at Khaleej Times. I mainly cover and write articles on the UAE's retail, hospitality, travel, and tourism sectors.Originally from Lahore, I have been living in the UAE for more than 20 years. I graduated with a BA in Mass Communication, with a concentration in Journalism, and a double minor in History and International Studies from the American University of Sharjah.If you see me out and about on assignment in Dubai, feel free to stop me, say hello, and we can chat about the latest kitten videos on YouTube. Share More > Vote MORE FROM Nation Dubai Rising to the occasion is key to success, say... Women highlight challenges faced during their entrepreneurial journey READ MORE UAE health They refused to let cancer beat them or their... Khaleej Times spoke to two inspirational cancer survivors in the UAE... READ MORE Business New RAK Port Free Zone area starts operations 'Introducing a free zone alternative within RAK Port will prove... READ MORE General '70% of fire deaths cause due to suffocation' People always try to escape from the fire when an accident happens... READ MORE MORE FROM Khaleej Times Technology Happy 15th birthday, iPod! A complete history of Apple's game-changing music player READ MORE Dubai Indian expat in coma, brother struggles with... Indian Embassy has already expressed support with repatriation READ MORE Dubai Historic day: New island appears in Dubai The area including Bur Dubai, Oud Metha, Satwa, Karama and Zabeel,... READ MORE Crime Twin sisters caught with 'hashish candies' in... The twin sisters from South Africa, aged 20, stood trial at the Court ... READ MORE   Popular Voted Cricket Kohli breaks two Tendulkar records in a single day 50415 views | 23 October 2016 General Women Business Council member dies in Sharjah villa fire 34803 views | 22 October 2016 Mobiles And the cheapest iPhone 7 in the UAE is at... 24689 views | 23 October 2016 Education The REAL reason DPS Academy is shutting down 22121 views | 23 October 2016 Newsmakers Not honourable work: Handsome Pakistani chaiwala says no to films 19478 views | 22 October 2016 Sharjah Police suspect short circuit as reason for Sharjah villa fire 18538 views | 23 October 2016 MENA Former Qatari Emir Shaikh Khalifa bin Hamad Al Thani dies 14928 views | 23 October 2016 Abu Dhabi Khalifa, Mohammed, Hamdan, Fatima born to one mum 13587 views | 23 October 2016 MENA At 500 kg, Egyptian woman is world's fattest 11971 views | 23 October 2016 Offbeat Man sentenced to 1,503 years in prison for raping his teenage daughter 11465 views | 23 October 2016 Mobiles Unlucky 7? This time, iPhone 7 allegedly chars vehicle 9613 views | 23 October 2016 Transport RTA increases Metro trips to meet morning rush 8790 views | 22 October 2016 Region At 500 kgs, is this 36-year-old Arab the world's heaviest woman? 7133 views | 24 October 2016 General WATCH: Born without hands girl creates magic with colours, music in Dubai 6602 views | 22 October 2016 Cricket King Kohli (154 not out) destroys New Zealand 6005 views | 23 October 2016 Philippines This is the tourist visa Filipino drug lord used to enter UAE 837 votes | 17 October 2016 General Pakistanis can now apply for passport renewal online in 16 mins! 342 votes | 17 October 2016 Pakistan This handsome Pakistani 'chaiwala' is breaking the internet 338 votes | 18 October 2016 General No option but to die: Disabled unpaid Indian worker in Dubai 280 votes | 17 October 2016 Rest of Asia Crowd jeers as woman screams in pain during caning 236 votes | 18 October 2016 Auto Special UAE number plates on sale for Dh130 million! 209 votes | 18 October 2016 Technology iPhone 7 has a hidden home button. Click here to locate it 193 votes | 18 October 2016 Crime Dubai man 'leaves woman pregnant after rape' 182 votes | 18 October 2016 Saudi Arabia Saudi Arabian prince's last hours before execution 175 votes | 19 October 2016 Newsmakers Deepika's desi accent in xXx trailer leaves all surprised 144 votes | 18 October 2016 Business Rent an apartment in Dubai for just Dh2,500 142 votes | 20 October 2016 Pakistan Pakistan's chaiwala: The eyes that got the world looking 137 votes | 18 October 2016 Pakistan Pakistani chaiwala turns fashion-wala, becomes model 136 votes | 19 October 2016 Dubai Get 100 free burgers from UAE restaurants! 114 votes | 18 October 2016 General 5 months on 14 Indian sailors in 'pathetic situation' off UAE's coast 108 votes | 19 October 2016   KT App Download All new KT app is available for download: Newsletter Get the latest news around the World in your inbox, so you dont missout on the action. Accept Terms & Conditions ©2016 Khaleej Times. All rights reserved.   News Nation Region World Business Markets Economy Auto Technology Gadgets & Electronics Banking & Finance Energy Infrastructure Real Estate Telecom Aviation Gold/Forex Sports Local Sports Cricket Football Tennis Horse Racing Formula 1 Golf Other Sports Lifestyle Fashion Beauty Health & Fitness Art & Culture Food Home City Times In The City Newsmakers Indian Cinema Movie Reviews Music   Travel Health Offbeat Legal View Editorials & Columns Letters to Editor Photos   Videos Gold/forex Prayer Timings Cinema listings Weather e-paper KT BUZZON Inspired Living   About Us Advertise With Us Contact Us Privacy Policy   KT App Download iPhone | iPad Android
null
About Us Contact Us Help user name password Client login:    First time user sign up Forgot your login info? Website Directory     Submit Website Search All categoriesAdvertising  GeneralAerospace  GeneralAgriculture  GeneralAirlines  GeneralAmerica - Post 9/11  GeneralApparel  GeneralApple Products  GeneralArchitectural  GeneralArchitecture  ArchitectureArt & Entertainments  Books  Celebrities  Country Music  Dance  Magazines  Movies  Museums  Music  Music Downloads  News & Talk Shows  Performing Arts  Photography  Television  Web SitesArts/Culture  GeneralAuction  GeneralAutomotive  Aftermarket  Classic Autos  Consumer Publications  General  Motorcycle & Bike  Racing  Recreational Vehicle  Repair & Service  Trade PublicationsBlogging & Social Media  Blogging & Social MediaBusiness  Advertising / Marketing  Books  Consumer Research  Direct Marketing  e-Commerce  Entrepreneurs  Finance  Franchise  Human Resources  Insurance  Investment  Management  Markets  Network Marketing  Online Marketing / SEO  Payday Loans  Public Relations  Publications  Real Estate  Retail  Stocks  Supermarkets  Women in BusinessCareers/HR  GeneralChemical  GeneralCoaching / Mentoring  Coaching / MentoringComputers  Apple Products  Databases  Games & Entertainment  General  Hosting  Instruction  Linux / GNU "Open Source"  Macintosh  Microsoft Windows PC  Operating Systems  Programming  Security  Software  Tablet PCs  UtilitiesConstruction  GeneralConsumer  Gifts and Collectibles  Hobbies  Web sites / InternetDesign  Graphic Design  Industrial  WebE-Cigarette  GeneraleCommerce  GeneralEconomy  GeneralEducation  College / University  General  Home Schooling  K-12  Post Graduate  TechnicalElectronics  GeneralEmail Marketing  GeneralEmailWire Press Releases  Press Release TipsEmployment/Careers  GeneralEngineering  GeneralEntertainment  GeneralEnvironment  GeneralEvents / Trade Shows  GeneralFinance  GeneralFood  GeneralFranchise  GeneralFraud / Identity Theft  GeneralGaming  GeneralGovernment  General  Judicial  Law Enforcement  Legislative  Local  National  Public Services  Security  State  TransportationHealthcare  GeneralHome and Family  Banking / Personal Finance  Bereavement / Loss  Home Furnishings / Interiors  Landscaping & Gardening  Marriage / Relationships  Money  Parenting  Payday Loans  Pets  Taxes  Wedding / BridalHome Schooling  GeneralHotels/Resorts  GeneralHousehold  GeneralIndustry  Aerospace / Defense  Agriculture  Apparel / Textiles  Broadcast  Construction / Building  Electrical  Food  Funeral  Healthcare  Leisure / Hospitality  Logistics / Shipping  Manufacturing / Production  Mining / Metals  Oil / Energy  Paper / Forest Products  Plumbing, Heating & AC  Print Media  Printing  Publishing  Radio  Restaurants  Tobacco  ToyInsurance  GeneralInternet/Online  GeneralLegal  GeneralLeisure  GeneralLifestyle  Beauty  Dating / Singles  Diet / Weight Loss  Fashion  Food / Beverage  Health & Fitness  Hotel / Resorts  Pastimes  Restaurants  Retirement  Travel & TourismMachinery  GeneralMaritime  GeneralMedical  Addiction  Allergies  Alternative Medicine  Asthma  Cancer  Cardiology  Chiropractic  Dental  Dermatology  Diabetes  Emergency  Family Medicine  General  General  Geriatrics  Hospitals  Infectious Diseases  Internal Medicine  Managed Care / HMO  Medical Products  Mental Health  Neurology  Nursing  Nutrition  OB / GYN  Pediatrics  Pharmaceuticals  Physical Therapy  Plastic Surgery  Psychology  Radiology / Imaging  Research  Sports Medicine  Surgery  VisionMilitary  GeneralMining/Metals  GeneralMiscellaneous  GeneralNanotechnology  NanotechnologyNon-profit  GeneralOccupational Safety  Occupational SafetyOil/Energy  GeneralOpinion / Editorial  Opinion / EditorialPaper Products  GeneralPaper/Forest  GeneralPharmaceuticals  GeneralPodcasting  Announce  Tools and ServicesPolitics  PoliticsPrint Media  GeneralPublic Utilities  Public UtilitiesPublishing  GeneralRadio  GeneralReal Estate  GeneralReligion  Christian  General  Islam  Jewish  OtherRestaurants  GeneralRetail  GeneralRSS & Content Syndication  RSS & Content SyndicationScience and Research  Science and ResearchSelf-Help / Personal Growth  Self-Help / Personal GrowthShipbuilding  GeneralSociety  African American Interests  Asian Interests  Childrens Issues  Disabled Issues / Disabilities  Gay / Lesbian  Hispanic  Mens Interests  Native American  Senior Citizens  Social Services  Teen Issues/Interests  Womens InterestSoftware  GeneralSports  Baseball  Basketball  Bicycling  Boating / Maritime  Bowling  Boxing  Fishing  Football  Golf  Hockey  Hunting  Martial Arts  Outdoors  Rugby  Soccer  Tennis  Water  Winter/SnowSports/Fitness  GeneralStocks  GeneralSupermarkets  GeneralTechnology  Biotechnology  Computer  Electronics  Enterprise Software  Games  Graphics/Printing/CAD  Hardware / Peripherals  Industrial  Information  Internet  Multimedia  Networking  Public Sector/Government  Robotics  Semiconductor  Software  Telecommunications  WebmastersTelecom  General  WirelessTelevision  GeneralTobacco  GeneralTrade  GeneralTransportation  GeneralTravel  GeneralUtilities  GeneralVolunteer  VolunteerWeather  Weather Home > News By Company > ReportsWeb.com Tweet   Hypercholesterolemia Drugs Market 2016 Trend, Analysis and Overview ReportsWeb.com published Hypercholesterolemia Drugs Market from its database. The report covers the market landscape and its growth prospects over the coming years. The report also includes a discussion of the key vendors operating in this market. (EMAILWIRE.COM, October 24, 2016 ) Hypercholesterolemia is characterized by high levels of total cholesterol and LDL-C in the blood. High cholesterol levels can cause CVDs such as stroke and atherosclerosis. The typical range of total blood cholesterol is 140-200 mg/dL.Blood cholesterol contains individual components such as LDL-C and HDL-C. LDL carries cholesterol to the body and HDL removes cholesterol from the cells by reversing cholesterol transport to the liver. Publisher's analysts forecast the global hypercholesterolemia drugs market to decline at a CAGR of 6.78% during the period 2016-2020. For more information about this report: http://www.reportsweb.com/global-hypercholesterolemia-drugs-market-2016-2020 Covered in this report The report covers the present scenario and the growth prospects of the global hypercholesterolemia drugs market for 2016-2020. To calculate the market size, the report considers the revenue generated from the sales of branded, generics, and off-label drugs used to treat hypercholesterolemia. The market is divided into the following segments based on geography: -Americas -APAC -EMEA Publisher's report, Global Hypercholesterolemia Drugs Market 2016-2020, has been prepared based on an in-depth market analysis with inputs from industry experts. The report covers the market landscape and its growth prospects over the coming years. The report also includes a discussion of the key vendors operating in this market. Key vendors -AbbVie -Aegerion Pharmaceuticals -AstraZeneca -Merck -Pfizer -Sanofi Request Sample Copy at http://www.reportsweb.com/inquiry&RW0001332850/sample Other prominent vendors -Alnylam Pharmaceuticals -Amarin -Amgen -AtheroNova -Aurobindo Pharma -Biocon -Biospherics -Bristol-Myers Squibb -Catabasis Pharmaceuticals -Cerenis Therapeutics -Cipla -CJ HealthCare -CKD Bio -Concord Biotech -CymaBay Therapeutics -Daewoong Pharmaceutical -Daiichi Sankyo -Eli Lilly -Esperion Therapeutics -GlaxoSmithKline -HanAll BioPharma -JW Pharmaceuticals -Kadmon Pharmaceuticals -Kowa Company -Laboratoires -Livzon Pharmaceutical -Lupin Pharmaceuticals -Madrigal Pharmaceuticals -Merz Pharmaceuticals -Mylan -Novartis -Regeneron Pharmaceuticals -ReGenX Biosciences -Santaris Pharma -Serometrix -Sun Pharmaceutical -Arbutus Biopharma -Teva Pharmaceuticals -Torrent Pharmaceuticals -Zydus Cadila Market driver -Rising prevalence of chronic diseases -For a full, detailed list, view our report Market challenge -Loss of patent exclusivity of branded therapies -For a full, detailed list, view our report Market trend -Expected entry of cost-effective OTC versions -For a full, detailed list, view our report Inquire for Report at http://www.reportsweb.com/inquiry&RW0001332850/buying Contact Information: ReportsWeb.com Priya Sisodia Tel: +1-646-491-9876 Email us This is a press release. Press release distribution and press release services by EmailWire.Com: http://www.emailwire.com/us-press-release-distribution.php. 
   Search All categoriesAdvertising  GeneralAerospace  GeneralAgriculture  GeneralAirlines  GeneralAmerica - Post 9/11  GeneralApparel  GeneralApple Products  GeneralArchitectural  GeneralArchitecture  ArchitectureArt & Entertainments  Books  Celebrities  Country Music  Dance  Magazines  Movies  Museums  Music  Music Downloads  News & Talk Shows  Performing Arts  Photography  Television  Web SitesArts/Culture  GeneralAuction  GeneralAutomotive  Aftermarket  Classic Autos  Consumer Publications  General  Motorcycle & Bike  Racing  Recreational Vehicle  Repair & Service  Trade PublicationsBlogging & Social Media  Blogging & Social MediaBusiness  Advertising / Marketing  Books  Consumer Research  Direct Marketing  e-Commerce  Entrepreneurs  Finance  Franchise  Human Resources  Insurance  Investment  Management  Markets  Network Marketing  Online Marketing / SEO  Payday Loans  Public Relations  Publications  Real Estate  Retail  Stocks  Supermarkets  Women in BusinessCareers/HR  GeneralChemical  GeneralCoaching / Mentoring  Coaching / MentoringComputers  Apple Products  Databases  Games & Entertainment  General  Hosting  Instruction  Linux / GNU "Open Source"  Macintosh  Microsoft Windows PC  Operating Systems  Programming  Security  Software  Tablet PCs  UtilitiesConstruction  GeneralConsumer  Gifts and Collectibles  Hobbies  Web sites / InternetDesign  Graphic Design  Industrial  WebE-Cigarette  GeneraleCommerce  GeneralEconomy  GeneralEducation  College / University  General  Home Schooling  K-12  Post Graduate  TechnicalElectronics  GeneralEmail Marketing  GeneralEmailWire Press Releases  Press Release TipsEmployment/Careers  GeneralEngineering  GeneralEntertainment  GeneralEnvironment  GeneralEvents / Trade Shows  GeneralFinance  GeneralFood  GeneralFranchise  GeneralFraud / Identity Theft  GeneralGaming  GeneralGovernment  General  Judicial  Law Enforcement  Legislative  Local  National  Public Services  Security  State  TransportationHealthcare  GeneralHome and Family  Banking / Personal Finance  Bereavement / Loss  Home Furnishings / Interiors  Landscaping & Gardening  Marriage / Relationships  Money  Parenting  Payday Loans  Pets  Taxes  Wedding / BridalHome Schooling  GeneralHotels/Resorts  GeneralHousehold  GeneralIndustry  Aerospace / Defense  Agriculture  Apparel / Textiles  Broadcast  Construction / Building  Electrical  Food  Funeral  Healthcare  Leisure / Hospitality  Logistics / Shipping  Manufacturing / Production  Mining / Metals  Oil / Energy  Paper / Forest Products  Plumbing, Heating & AC  Print Media  Printing  Publishing  Radio  Restaurants  Tobacco  ToyInsurance  GeneralInternet/Online  GeneralLegal  GeneralLeisure  GeneralLifestyle  Beauty  Dating / Singles  Diet / Weight Loss  Fashion  Food / Beverage  Health & Fitness  Hotel / Resorts  Pastimes  Restaurants  Retirement  Travel & TourismMachinery  GeneralMaritime  GeneralMedical  Addiction  Allergies  Alternative Medicine  Asthma  Cancer  Cardiology  Chiropractic  Dental  Dermatology  Diabetes  Emergency  Family Medicine  General  General  Geriatrics  Hospitals  Infectious Diseases  Internal Medicine  Managed Care / HMO  Medical Products  Mental Health  Neurology  Nursing  Nutrition  OB / GYN  Pediatrics  Pharmaceuticals  Physical Therapy  Plastic Surgery  Psychology  Radiology / Imaging  Research  Sports Medicine  Surgery  VisionMilitary  GeneralMining/Metals  GeneralMiscellaneous  GeneralNanotechnology  NanotechnologyNon-profit  GeneralOccupational Safety  Occupational SafetyOil/Energy  GeneralOpinion / Editorial  Opinion / EditorialPaper Products  GeneralPaper/Forest  GeneralPharmaceuticals  GeneralPodcasting  Announce  Tools and ServicesPolitics  PoliticsPrint Media  GeneralPublic Utilities  Public UtilitiesPublishing  GeneralRadio  GeneralReal Estate  GeneralReligion  Christian  General  Islam  Jewish  OtherRestaurants  GeneralRetail  GeneralRSS & Content Syndication  RSS & Content SyndicationScience and Research  Science and ResearchSelf-Help / Personal Growth  Self-Help / Personal GrowthShipbuilding  GeneralSociety  African American Interests  Asian Interests  Childrens Issues  Disabled Issues / Disabilities  Gay / Lesbian  Hispanic  Mens Interests  Native American  Senior Citizens  Social Services  Teen Issues/Interests  Womens InterestSoftware  GeneralSports  Baseball  Basketball  Bicycling  Boating / Maritime  Bowling  Boxing  Fishing  Football  Golf  Hockey  Hunting  Martial Arts  Outdoors  Rugby  Soccer  Tennis  Water  Winter/SnowSports/Fitness  GeneralStocks  GeneralSupermarkets  GeneralTechnology  Biotechnology  Computer  Electronics  Enterprise Software  Games  Graphics/Printing/CAD  Hardware / Peripherals  Industrial  Information  Internet  Multimedia  Networking  Public Sector/Government  Robotics  Semiconductor  Software  Telecommunications  WebmastersTelecom  General  WirelessTelevision  GeneralTobacco  GeneralTrade  GeneralTransportation  GeneralTravel  GeneralUtilities  GeneralVolunteer  VolunteerWeather  Weather Advertising | How to contact us | Privacy Statement | EmailWire Press Releases | Partnership Opportunities EmailWire is a press release distribution service of GroupWeb Media LLC. © Copyright GroupWeb Media LLC 2016

Latest News Dow 18,869 +21.03 +0.11% Nasdaq 5,218 -18.72 -0.36% S&P 500 2,164 -0.25 -0.01% 6:20 P.M. ET Google to block its ads from fake-news sites 6:18 P.M. ET 'Mars': National Geographic Network's Moonshot 6:04 P.M. ET Obama Addresses Concerns About Bannon's Appointment 6:06 P.M. ET Updated David Einhorn’s Greenlight Capital reduces stakes in Apple, GM, buys U.S. Steel 6:04 P.M. ET Updated SEC chief Mary Jo White announces plans to leave 6:02 P.M. ET Obama Addresses Concerns About Bannon's Appointment 5:47 P.M. ET Updated Deutsche Bank raises S&P 500 year-end target after postelection rally 5:35 P.M. ET George Soros buys stakes in Alphabet, Netflix, dumps Disney, General Motors 5:31 P.M. ET Updated Donald Trump and Vladimir Putin speak by phone 5:19 P.M. ET Financial services industry is at risk to get even whiter 5:15 P.M. ET David Tepper's hedge fund buys new stakes in Apple, Bank of America and Facebook 5:11 P.M. ET Estee Lauder to buy Too Faced for $1.45B, looks to 'win with millennials' 5:10 P.M. ET Einhorn adds Aercap, Calpine, United States Steel, trims Apple stake 5:02 P.M. ET My father-in-law married his girlfriend before he died — she won’t return our calls 5:02 P.M. ET Tepper's Appaloosa sells entire 4.4 mln-share stake in 21st Century Fox during Q3--SEC filing 5:02 P.M. ET SEC says Mary Jo White to leave at the end of the Obama administration 5:00 P.M. ET Nasdaq names Adena Friedman president and CEO 5:00 P.M. ET The ‘Trump trade’ is shaking up markets around the globe 4:59 P.M. ET Updated CORRECT: Tepper's Appaloosa buys new 4.1 mln-share stake in Bank of America during Q3--SEC filing 4:58 P.M. ET Updated CORRECT: Tepper's Appaloosa trims Allergan stake slightly 1.2 mln shares during Q3--SEC filing Log In Home News Viewer Video SectorWatch Podcasts First Take Games Portfolio My MarketWatch News Viewer Markets U.S. Europe/Middle East Emerging Markets Asia Canada SectorWatch Columns Market Snapshot Movers & Shakers The Tell Currencies Futures Movers Pre-Market News Tools Earnings Wall Markets Overview IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar Currency Tools Futures Contracts Market Screener Hulbert Interactive Investing Stocks Mutual Funds ETFs Options Bonds Commodities Currencies Futures Hedge Funds/Insider Trades Getting Started MarketWatch Adviser Columns Options Trader Revolution Investing Tools Stock Screener Funds Finder ETF Screener Options Screener IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar More... Trading Deck . Personal Finance 10 Things Big Spender Real Estate Spending & Saving Taxes Columns The Moneyologist Brett Arends Bill Bischoff Amy Hoak Chuck Jaffe Jennifer Openshaw Jennifer Waters Tools Funds Finder Today's Rates Retirement RetireMentors Encore Taxes Retire Here, Not There How-to Guides Social Security Estate Planning Events Columns Robert Powell's Retirement Portfolio Andrea Coombes's Working Retirement Tools Retirement Planner How long will my money last? Economy Federal Reserve Capitol Report Economic Report Columns Darrell Delamaide Irwin Kellner Rex Nutting Tools Economic Calendar Real Estate Location Scouts realtor.com My MarketWatch Watchlist Alerts Games Log In Until Tokyo Markets Open US Market Snapshot Currencies Commodities Home Press Release Ligand Partner Melinta Therapeutics Submits Baxdela New Drug Application for Hospital-Treated Skin Infections By Published: Oct 24, 2016 9:21 a.m. ET Share SAN DIEGO, Oct 24, 2016 (BUSINESS WIRE) -- Ligand Pharmaceuticals Incorporated LGND, +2.43% partner Melinta Therapeutics, a privately held company developing novel antibiotics to treat serious bacterial infections, announced today that it has submitted New Drug Applications (NDAs) to the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) for approval of IV and oral Baxdela™ (delafloxacin) for the treatment of patients with acute bacterial skin and skin structure infections (ABSSSI). Baxdela is an investigational anionic fluoroquinolone with a broad spectrum of antimicrobial activity, including activity against methicillin-resistant Staphylococcus aureus (MRSA). Melinta’s NDAs are based on the results of two Phase 3 studies (NCT01811732 and NCT01984684), in both of which Baxdela met the primary endpoint of non-inferiority to a combination regimen of vancomycin plus aztreonam in reducing lesion size at the primary infection site at 48-to-72 hours. In addition, Baxdela met the primary endpoint, the investigator assessment of clinical cure, for the European Medicines Agency (EMA) in both studies. Baxdela was shown to be well-tolerated among Phase 3 study participants, with less than 1% of patients discontinuing for treatment-related adverse events. With the submission, Ligand has earned a $1.5 million milestone payment. If approved, Ligand is entitled to receive a 2.5% royalty on net sales of the IV formulation of Baxdela and an additional $1.5 million approval milestone payment. “Baxdela, if approved, represents a potentially attractive treatment option for the nearly 3 million patients hospitalized annually in the U.S. with serious skin infections,” stated Eugene Sun, M.D., Melinta’s Chief Executive Officer. “These patients have a high rate of treatment failure, and frequently have underlying medical conditions that pose challenges to the choice of antibiotic. Baxdela has been tested in over 2,600 patients to date, and was well-tolerated with fewer than 1% of Baxdela-treated patients discontinuing due to treatment-related adverse events.” Baxdela has been designated a Qualified Infectious Disease Product (QIDP) by the U.S. FDA, which provides for priority review. According to Melinta’s press release, Melinta could receive a regulatory decision by mid-year 2017 consistent with Prescription Drug User Fee Act (PDUFA) priority review timelines. “Baxdela has demonstrated in clinical trials a broad spectrum of activity and the ability to treat patients with serious co-morbidities, both of which are compelling characteristics sought by physicians according to our market research. We believe that Baxdela’s ability to treat challenging patients in hospitals will be a major driver of adoption,” concluded John Temperato, Melinta’s President and Chief Operating Officer. “If approved, we plan to support the introduction of Baxdela for the treatment of ABSSSI with a focused acute-care hospital sales force. We believe we can further leverage the resources of such a sales team in the future as we seek to complete clinical studies and file applications to market Baxdela in additional indications such as community-acquired bacterial pneumonia and complicated urinary tract infections.” About Baxdela Baxdela (delafloxacin) is an investigational anionic fluoroquinolone antibiotic for hospital-treated skin infections, known as acute bacterial skin and skin structure infections (ABSSSI). Baxdela has robust in-vitro antimicrobial activity, including activity against methicillin-resistant Staphylococcus aureus (MRSA), a major cause of hospital-treated skin infections, a favorable tolerability profile, and both intravenous and oral dosage forms, which may facilitate hospital discharge. The studies (studies 302 and 303) were Phase 3, multicenter, randomized, double-blind, active-controlled trials to evaluate IV and oral Baxdela compared with vancomycin plus aztreonam for the treatment of patients with ABSSSI. Both studies met the primary endpoints for efficacy. Overall adverse event rates were similar between treatment arms in the Phase 3 studies, which enrolled over 1,500 individuals. The most common treatment-emergent adverse events in the Phase 3 studies on Baxdela were diarrhea and nausea, which were generally mild and did not lead to treatment discontinuation. The treatment discontinuation rate due to treatment-related adverse events for patients treated with Baxdela in the Phase 3 trials was 0.8%. Unlike some other quinolones, Baxdela has not shown any potential for QT prolongation or phototoxicity in definitive clinical studies. In addition, there were no elevated rates of liver or glucose abnormalities compared to vancomycin plus aztreonam in the clinical studies conducted to date. The 450 mg tablet has been shown to have bioequivalent exposure (area under the curve) to the 300 mg IV dose, and can be dosed without regard to food. There are no anticipated drug-drug interactions with delafloxacin other than co-administration with chelating agents. Melinta is also assessing Baxdela in a clinical trial in patients with hospital-treated community-acquired bacterial pneumonia (CABP) and planning to initiate a clinical trial in complicated urinary tract infections (cUTI) in the near future. Baxdela has been designated a Qualified Infectious Disease Product (QIDP) and has been granted fast track designation for community-acquired bacterial pneumonia by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration. About Ligand Pharmaceuticals Ligand is a biopharmaceutical company focused on developing or acquiring technologies that help pharmaceutical companies discover and develop medicines. Our business model creates value for stockholders by providing a diversified portfolio of biotech and pharmaceutical product revenue streams that are supported by an efficient and low corporate cost structure. Our goal is to offer investors an opportunity to participate in the promise of the biotech industry in a profitable, diversified and lower-risk business than a typical biotech company. Our business model is based on doing what we do best: drug discovery, early-stage drug development, product reformulation and partnering. We partner with other pharmaceutical companies to leverage what they do best (late-stage development, regulatory management and commercialization) to ultimately generate our revenue. Ligand’s Captisol [®] platform technology is a patent-protected, chemically modified cyclodextrin with a structure designed to optimize the solubility and stability of drugs. OmniAb [®] is a patent-protected transgenic animal platform used in the discovery of fully human mono- and bispecific therapeutic antibodies. Ligand has established multiple alliances, licenses and other business relationships with the world's leading pharmaceutical companies, including Novartis, Amgen, Merck, Pfizer, Celgene, Gilead, Janssen, Baxter International and Eli Lilly. Follow Ligand on Twitter @Ligand_LGND. Forward-Looking Statements This news release contains forward-looking statements by Ligand that involve risks and uncertainties and reflect Ligand's judgment as of the date of this release. These include statements regarding the timing of review and approval, if any, by the FDA of the Baxdela NDA; the timing of the $1.5 million payment payable to Ligand; the potential payments to Ligand upon approval of Baxdela; and the description of the side effects for Baxdela. Actual events or results may differ from our expectations. For example, there can be no assurances that the FDA will approve Baxdela or that, if approved, Melinta will successfully launch Baxdela; the side effects or efficacy of Baxdela may prove different or worse than the results from previous clinical trials; and Baxdela may not be accepted as a treatment option by doctors and other health professionals. In addition, there can be no assurance that Melinta will make the required milestone payment. The failure to meet expectations with respect to any of the foregoing matters may reduce Ligand's stock price. Additional information concerning these and other important risk factors affecting Ligand can be found in Ligand's prior press releases available at www.ligand.com as well as in Ligand's public periodic filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission, available at www.sec.gov. Ligand disclaims any intent or obligation to update these forward-looking statements beyond the date of this press release, except as required by law. This caution is made under the safe harbor provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. View source version on businesswire.com: http://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20161024005807/en/ SOURCE: Ligand Pharmaceuticals Incorporated Ligand Pharmaceuticals Incorporated Todd Pettingill investors@ligand.com (858) 550-7500 or LHA Bruce Voss bvoss@lhai.com (310) 691-7100 Copyright Business Wire 2016 MarketWatch Partner Center Celebrity Real Estate News Celebrities renege on their pledges to move out of U.S on the back of Trump win View More Investing If you're shocked that Trump won, you broke 3 basic principles of investing View More Barron's Next Dear President-Elect Trump, a millennial wishlist View More Investing Opinion: A 12-step plan to strengthen your portfolio after Trump's victory View More MarketWatch Site Index Topics Help Feedback Newsroom Roster Media Archive Premium Products Mobile Company Company Info Code of Conduct Corrections Advertising Media Kit Advertise Locally Reprints & Licensing Broker Center Your Ad Choices Dow Jones Network WSJ.com Barron's Online BigCharts Virtual Stock Exchange Financial News Online WSJ.com Small Business realtor.com Mansion Global Back to Top Copyright ©2016 MarketWatch, Inc. All rights reserved. By using this site you agree to the Terms of Service, Privacy Policy, and Cookie Policy. Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. Intraday data delayed per exchange requirements. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real time last sale data provided by NASDAQ. More information on NASDAQ traded symbols and their current financial status. Intraday data delayed 15 minutes for Nasdaq, and 20 minutes for other exchanges. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. SEHK intraday data is provided by SIX Financial Information and is at least 60-minutes delayed. All quotes are in local exchange time. Advanced Search Stocks Columns Authors Topics No results found Ligand Pharmaceuticals Inc. U.S.: Nasdaq: LGND $109.45 +2.60 (+2.43%) Volume 398.9K Open $107.97 High $110.83 Low $105.40 P/E Ratio 358.73 Div Yield 0 Market Cap 2.2B LatestNews

International Business Times UK News LATEST NEWS UK Crime World Latest News Africa Asia Pacific Middle East The Americas Europe Business LATEST NEWS Economy Companies Markets Finance Regulation Fintech Latest news Blockchain Cryptocurrency Politics LATEST NEWS Technology LATEST NEWS Smartphones Cybersecurity Innovation Social Media Games Motoring Science LATEST NEWS Space Environment Health Nature Archaeology Sport LATEST NEWS Football Tennis Golf Cricket Entertainment LATEST NEWS Movies Celebrity TV Music Culture Royalty Opinion LATEST NEWS Interview Feature Reviews Analysis Video LATEST NEWS Business Technology Science Sport Entertainment Log out Newsletter Signup Search Science Health GSK GlaxoSmithKline seeks FDA approval for shingles vaccine According to analysts, Shingrix has the potential to earn $1bn annually. By Kedar Grandhi October 24, 2016 11:39 BST Shingrix was one of the 40 plus assets GSK had profiled to investors at its R&D event in November 2015Reuters GlaxoSmithKline (GSK) has sought the US Food and Drug Administration (FDA) approval for its vaccine Shingrix that could prevent shingles in people aged 50 and above. The British pharmaceutical company revealed on Monday (24 October) that it has submitted a Biologics Licence Application (BLA) to the FDA. Shingles is a painful skin rash caused by the varicella zoster virus. It usually appears in a band, a strip, or a small area on one side of the face or body. Shingles is also called herpes zoster. The Brentford-headquartered company said the vaccine is currently not approved for use anywhere in the world. It is one of its six core areas of scientific research and development (R&D) and is also one of the 40 plus assets it profiled to investors at its R&D event in November 2015. Analysts say Shingrix has the potential to earn $1bn (£0.81bn) annually and see it as one of GSK's most promising products as it has shown better results in elderly recipients than its rival Merck's Zostavax, the only shingles vaccine available in the market currently. In clinical trials, GSK's vaccine reportedly performed better than Zostavax, which had sales of $749m in 2015. While Shingrix was 90% effective in people aged over 70, even four years after injections, Zostavax's efficacy was said to be between 18 and 70%, according to Reuters. Meanwhile, GSK is set to get a new chief executive in 2017 with its consumer healthcare boss Emma Walmsley set to take the lead role once GSK's current CEO Sir Andrew Witty retires in March 2017. Commenting on the Shingrix development, Dr Emmanuel Hanon, SVP of Vaccines R&D at GSK, said in a statement: "Shingles is a common and potentially serious condition. It can cause lasting pain and other complications such as scarring or visual impairment, which can severely impact the quality of people's lives. The risk of developing shingles increases with age and it is estimated that up to one in every three people is at risk. Today's file submission puts us a step closer to making this vaccine available to help protect more people from shingles and the complications associated with it." GSK said apart from the US, it has plans to file for Shingrix regulatory submissions in the European Union and Canada in 2016. It is also planning seek approvals in Japan in 2017. More from IBTimes UK GlaxoSmithKline and Alphabet's Verily partner for development of bioelectronic medicines GSK to invest £275m in Britain in major boost to UK economy Barclays' split from African subsidiary could cost between £500m and £1bn, analyst estimates Share More Stay up to date with our daily newsletter YOU MIGHT LIKE THISSponsored Content by Taboola IBT Video Close Witnesses of New Zealand Earthquake: "It was horrible" Columnists James Bloodworth “Privileged liberals should accept economics led to Trump's victory – not an upsurge in racism READ MORE Kremlin insider claims Vladimir Putin may quit in 2017 Valery Solovei's interview with Moskovsky Komsomolets was quickly taken down after it was published. Trump's ancestor is 'Viking chief' who helped found early Russian state The newspaper Zavtra traced Trump's lineage back more than a millennium. Usain Bolt intensifies plans to swap athletics for football The nine-time gold medal winner, who will retire from athletics next year, to train with Borussia Dortmund. Was Meghan Markle introduced to the Queen? Stayed with boyfriend Prince Harry in Kensington Palace. Anti-Semitic incidents stoke fear among Jews after Trump win Trump chief strategist Stephen Bannon's ties to anti-Semitic movement sends dread through Jewish community. Homeschool mother let tigers, cougar and skunk roam around her house Police found the dangerous animals when they called at a woman's home in Cypress, Texas. Prostitute killer Rurick Jutting paid for 9-in-a-bed romp with suitcase of cash Sex life of Surrey-born banker under the spotlight after he killed two prostitutes in Hong Kong. Jeremy Corbyn says Trump 'needs to grow up' about immigrants Labour's leader says President-elect Trump needs to realise the importance of Mexicans to the US economy. Phil Collins admits £24.3m divorce from third wife was a 'mistake' Collins and Orianne Cevey reconciled their relationship in 2015, seven years after they divorced. Amazon Black Friday Sales 2016: Day One's deals Amazon UK has exclusive offers over the next 12 days that change everyday – here are the best deals today. Fintech Focus weekly Keep up with the latest in blockchain, cryptocurrency and other fintech news. Straight to your inbox every Friday. Sign up now Win an iPhone 7 About IBT Leadership Meet the team Advertise Brand Terms of service Privacy Permission Syndication Contact Editions: Australia China India Italy Japan U.K. U.S. © Copyright 2016 IBTimes Co., Ltd. All Rights Reserved. Facebook Twitter Linkedin Google Plus RSS
  Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Wires Home My Profile Logout Login Feedback DailyMail NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad GSK seeks U.S. approval for shingles vaccine Shingrix By Reuters Published: 02:17 EST, 24 October 2016 | Updated: 02:18 EST, 24 October 2016 e-mail LONDON, Oct 24 (Reuters) - GlaxoSmithKline said on Monday it had filed its shingles vaccine Shingrix for U.S. regulatory approval, bringing the potential blockbuster a step closer to market. Shingrix is viewed by analysts as among the British drugmaker's most promising experimental products, since it has shown greater protection among older recipients than Merck & Co's rival shot Zostavax. GSK said it planned to file Shingrix for European and Canadian approval before the end of this year, with Japan following in 2017. (Reporting by Ben Hirschler; Editing by Susan Fenton) Share or comment on this article e-mail Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article. Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail     DON'T MISS 'She's modified her face beyond all recognition!' Carol Vorderman, 55, stuns viewers after exhibiting 'frozen' complexion on I'm A Celeb It's getting hot in here! Ola Jordan shows off her dancer's body in tiny red bikini as she hits the jungle shower with Sam Quek and Scarlett Moffatt on I'm a Celeb Carol Vorderman, 55, strips down to a VERY racy swimsuit on I'm A Celeb...as 'happily single' star tells campmates 'I do alright' when it comes to men She looks to be doing just fine! Kim Kardashian's friend shares rare photo of reality star recluse as she dresses up in belly dancer costume for fun Ashley James puts on a eye-popping display in an itsy-bitsy bikini as she soaks up the sun on the beach in Ibiza Making the most of the sun 'It's me or the wardrobe!' Frankie Gaff gives Jamie Laing an ultimatum. He found living with her and her 'floordrobe' too much to bear on Made In Chelsea, by Jim Shelley  Cor (rie) blimey! Helen Flanagan showcases her incredible figure in a racy cut-out bikini as she holidays in Dubai with boyfriend Scott Sinclair Chloe Ferry reportedly FIRED from Geordie Shore after 'kicking new housemate Zahida Allen in the head'  The 21-year-old was shown the door Now that's a lesson in style! Myleene Klass exposes her cleavage in plunging jumpsuit as she leads the red carpet glamour at School of Rock press night She's proud of that booty! Khloe Kardashian flaunts her derriere as she does squats at the gym Taking after her bigger sister (in both senses) Real men wear pink! Brooklyn Beckham follows in his mother Victoria's fashionable footsteps as he makes a statement with pink beanie hat Frankie Bridge is the picture of elegance in plunging patterned gown at Virgin awards... after her husband Wayne makes I'm A Celebrity debut PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Tom Hiddleston steps out with a pretty blonde Taylor Swift lookalike... two months after split with pop star Flashed a beaming grin She needs a nap! Pregnant Marion Cotillard looks weary during LA dinner after tirelessly promoting Brad Pitt WWII film Allied Struggling Holly Willoughby is close to tears on This Morning as a distraught mother breaks down over her son's planned suicide during bullying phone-in The Eighties called! Sheridan Smith is unrecognisable as a busty brunette on set of the movie adaptation of comic Jo Brand's book As schizophrenic mum Newly-engaged Pixie Lott can barely contain her glee as she heads to jewellers hours after fiancé Oliver Cheshire popped the question What a gem!  Emma Watson stars as Belle in the first trailer for Disney's long-awaited live action remake of Beauty And The Beast Looks stunning Choosing her prince wasn't ALWAYS such an easy choice! Meghan Markle giggles as she is asked to pick either William or Harry months before romance She's a good sport! Gigi Hadid tries her hand at table tennis as she makes a sweeping entrance at VIP dinner in stylish satin jumpsuit In high spirits 'Worst thing I've ever done': I'm A Celeb's Scarlett, Jordan, Ola and Sam do Bushtucker Trial featuring 120,000 critters... as Moffatt is voted in first From refurbished iPads to a good-as-new Sony PS4: Ways to save money on your children's gifts this Christmas (without any fewer smiles!) SPONSORED Make-up free Coleen Rooney flaunts her trim figure in semi-sheer mesh workout gear as she hits the gym Making the most of her free time Demure Dita! Burlesque extraordinaire Von Teese steps out in modest black polo neck and ornate silver skirt for evening in London Jessica Simpson's father Joe, 58, confirms he has prostate cancer and has already undergone surgery 'He's feeling great now and is optimistic' 'It's like we get a little bit of dad back': Bindi Irwin says she remembers her dad the best every time she puts on her Australia Zoo uniform Not very ladylike! Lady Victoria Hervey, 40, displays more than expected as she flashes perky assets when risqué swimsuit unfastens Dapper Brad Pitt takes selfies with adoring fans at Allied screening in China... as he returns to the public eye after split with Angelina Jolie In better spirits again 'She works really hard': X Factor's Sam Lavery defends Honey G after elimination... as rapper faces backlash for surviving ANOTHER week 'He's such a good man': Marion Cotillard gushes about Allied co-star Brad Pitt... after shooting down rumours of an on set romance Caught up in split Naomi Campbell speaks for the first time about what it means to be black and British and joins other famous stars who were told to limit their ambitions due to their skin colour Take that! Bella Hadid throws a punch as she works out in boxing class after split from The Weeknd Was snug in her black, oversize fuzzy jacket  Girl time! Bella Thorne and Demi Lovato don skinny jeans as they catch up over lunch at the trendy Urth Caffe They both have new romances 'I had a bit of a nervous breakdown' Ryan Reynolds admits secret battle with anxiety as he's named GQ's Man of the Year He's filming Deadpool Coy Khloe Kardashian attempts to go incognito in huge hoodie as she steps out in wake of Tristan Thompson split rumours  Looked glum 'I gave up my career for a really long time': Ayda Field admits she TURNED DOWN a major US TV show to be with husband Robbie Williams 'It was very romantic': Goldie Hawn gets VERY candid about her and Kurt Russell's sex life and discusses split with ex husband Bill Hudson In Aspen, Colorado,  'Fame is the best drug': Lady Gaga opens up about her addiction to stardom as she covers Harper's Bazaar She penned an open essay to the magazine Twice the star power! Madonna puckers up as she and Zac Efron take selfies together at UFC's Connor McGregor star-studded fight Lucky Star 20 years and counting! Ant and Dec sign new three-year deal with ITV marking a landmark anniversary with the channel and promising more I'm A Celeb and BGT until at least 2019 'It's really awkward': Girl On The Train star Haley Bennett on being constantly mistaken for Jennifer Lawrence There is an uncanny likeness 'I lost Jack': Natalie Portman is a heartbroken First Lady after JFK's assassination in emotionally charged trailer for Jackie Natalie Portman flatters her pregnant figure in a striped T-shirt as she runs errands A regular errand-running day, despite the relsease of a mega-bucks trailer Waiting on mom! Jennifer Garner grabs breakfast while Ben Affleck and son Samuel goof around in their car The amicable exes appeared to be relaxed  'I could write a book on back problems!': Duncan James confirms he is fit and well after sudden visit to A&E... five months after emergency surgery on his spine Post election blues: Alec Baldwin looks depressed as he strolls with family before accusing NBC of not allowing SNL to endorse Hillary Clinton Back to her Mean Girls roots! Lindsay Lohan shows off new red locks reminiscent of her infamous movie character in cosy Instagram selfie Showdown! Exes Justin Bieber and Selena Gomez will compete for Artist Of The Year at the American Music Awards On November 20 It's only three weeks old! Amber Rose can't hide her horror as her brand new $371k Rolls-Royce gets rear-ended 'It's awesome!' Hailee Steinfeld opens up about being part of Taylor Swift's squad as she flashes her bra for magazine cover Gave glimpse of her bra 'I felt isolated': Robbie Williams describes the roller coaster ride with drugs, drink and depression that almost killed him... as he gets tearful over his daughter Hat's the way to do it! TOWIE's George Harrison flaunts her enviably svelte figure in a sizzling cut-out monokini as she enjoys a beach break in Spain 'Let's keep fighting to make it a better world for our children': Katie Holmes shares rare photo of daughter Suri with powerful message A productive playdate 'Sort your jaw out!' Vicky Pattison is slammed for 'gurning' on I'm A Celeb Extra Camp... as she mistakes show for Xtra Factor in awkward blunder 'I'm heartbroken, but proud of myself': Daisy Lowe flashes her toned abs in a crop top as she puts on a brave face after Strictly elimination  Put on a brave face 'She's built like a woman': Tommy Hilfiger praises 'smart, funny and humble' Gigi Hadid as he shows off his luxury New York apartment  'The 80s are back!' Luke Hemsworth channels He-Man for retro birthday bash with brother Liam and Miley Cyrus Time is rolling back 'They eat and stargaze': Sean Penn gripes about celebs who attend his foundation's annual gala... but don't donate a cent Looking rugged Ariel Winter posts a VERY cheeky Instagram snap from her Mexican holiday with Levi Meaden and pals Certainly making a splash 'We had good gossip': Courtney Love reveals unlikely friendship with Hillary Clinton... after meeting as they got their hair cut at same salon They met in 1988 'Being right sucks': The Simpsons poke fun at themselves in opening credits of first episode since Trump's election after predicting his presidency 16 years ago Young And The Restless star Corey Sligh, 28, arrested for molesting a girl under the age of 10 in Georgia The arrest took place on October 14 in Georgia Pretty as a petal! Jaime King looks ultra feminine in romantic lace gown at intimate fashion dinner She was certainly the belle of the ball EXCLUSIVE: How Andy Cohen refused an invitation into Cher's bedroom and fuelleda feud between Mariah Carey and Jennifer Lopez Catherine Tyldesley flaunts her toned legs in skintight jeans as she presents radio show... after teasing Corrie's 'heartbreaking' Christmas storyline 'Why are you in, miss? You're a millionaire!' GBBO champ Candice Brown reveals pupils were shocked to see her return to her job as a PE teacher after win Off-duty beauty: Lottie Moss goes make-up free and rocks a casual outfit as she jets out of Barcelona after a girls' weekend  Bare faced chic She's a peach! Adriana Lima flaunts her lean bronzed limbs in pretty floral mini dress as she shops in Miami  Turned sidewalk into her catwalk Nick Knowles moves into estranged wife Jessica's home following 'traumatic' split 11 months ago... after admitting they 'are working through things' 'I've NEVER eaten a takeaway': Mary Berry shares her biggest foodie secrets (and reveals what husband Paul will be getting her for Christmas this year) Secrets of an A-list body: We reveal how YOU can get Mark Wahlberg's pecs The 45-year-old actor is renowned for his toned pecs LeAnn Rimes holds hands with husband Eddie Cibrian as they reunite with his ex-wife Brandi Glanville at son's soccer match Families united Ola Jordan keeps her lace dress ON as she sets up camp in I'm A Celeb... as jealous husband James warns about hitting on his 'firecracker' 'He has never taken responsibility for her': I'm A Celebrity's Larry Lamb 'has a secret daughter who he had at 21... and hasn't seen for 46 years'  'She just didn't even try': Former I'm A Celeb winner Charlie Brooks calls out Helen Flanagan for being 'the worst' campmate at bushtucker trials 'I don't know if it was dancing or a seizure': Cheeky Robbie Williams gives mother-in-law Gwen harsh critique as she dances to Pray on Loose Women Jesy Nelson is seen without her engagement ring AGAIN during Sydney trip... as speculation heightens over 'split' from fiancé Jake Roche PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Hilary Duff shows off her fit figure in a skimpy bikini while on holiday with boyfriend Jason Walsh in Puerto Vallarta  Feeling the heat 'There's so much I wish I could thank him for, just one last time': Leonard Cohen's son writes emotional tribute to his father following his death aged 82 Did Kendall Jenner quit Instagram? Model's account no longer available after ballerina outrage Following Kim's lead and taking a break? Jailed Apollo Nida set to return to Real Housewives Of Atlanta with his new FIANCEE (but what will Phaedra Parks say?) Serving eight years Millie Mackintosh shows off her abs in a berry bikini as she models for boyfriend Hugo Taylor's sunglasses line in Mauritius Wish you were here? Final plans for Leonardo DiCaprio's ultra-luxury private eco resort on 104-acre island off Belize are released  Bought in 2005 'It's been challenging, but like Alan Partridge, I'm bouncing back': Tony Blackburn opens up about returning to BBC radio months after being sacked  'She should be ashamed of herself!' Sharon Osbourne is slammed on Twitter as X Factor fans accuse her of changing her mind at the last minute In need of a drink? Simon Cowell clutches a bottle of beer as he leaves The X Factor with Lauren Silverman after Honey G survives ANOTHER week Getting the after-party started! Dita Von Teese, Dominic Cooper and Ophelia Lovibond let loose at the Evening Standard Theatre Awards Madonna's age gap... between her face and hand: Wrinkled mitts give away the singer's age as she attends UFC bout in New York  Unable to disguise age Chic Julia Roberts is every inch the stylish soccer mom in low-key skinny jeans and a hat as she cheers on her kids Low-key superstar 'You could bleed to death': Kris Jenner warns Kim Kardashian about seeking third natural pregnancy on KUWTK Hard to take in Chrissy Teigen oozes retro glamour in a super-plunging Seventies-style jumpsuit as Fergie goes for a sheer mini at intimate fashion dinner Lindsay Lohan at the centre of a battery case as 'two Russians assault a man accused of spreading rumours about her' More drama The People v OJ Simpson leads the way with six Critics' Choice Awards nominations... as Game Of Thrones gets five Booty-ful day at the beach! Larsa Pippen shows off her fit figure in plunging white swimsuit while sunbathing in Miami Kim K's BFF A head for heights! Carol Vorderman leads the way as she conquers terrifying 300ft walk above city in I'm A Celebrity's first Bushtucker Trial   Ultimate flashing champion! Newly-single Bella Hadid shows off her bra in sheer top as she goes hell for leather on way to Conor McGregor fight EXCLUSIVE: 'I didn't want to leave the house': Frankie Essex says fitness helped her combat depression... as she reveals remarkable weight loss in a bikini 'Who is voting for her?' Honey G faces fresh backlash as talented act Sam Lavery leaves and farcical X Factor rapper isn't even in bottom two Could she win? Wild thing! Busty Ashley James sets pulses racing in a barely-there leopard print bikini as she jets off to Malta Series of sizzling snaps Daisy Lowe misses out on Blackpool as she is voted off Strictly after a  dance off against Greg Rutherford... but Ed Balls sails through again in  Gangnam Style Khloe Kardashian posts cryptic Instagram message amid speculation she's split with new beau Tristan Thompson Over already? 'We never asked to be role models': Perrie Edwards says she feels 'pressure' to act responsibly as she joins Little Mix co-stars for sizzling photo shoot I'm a Celebrity... it's getting hot in here! Joel Dommett, Wayne Bridge and Adam Thomas flash their ripped chests in the first jungle shower of the season 'Larry Lamb for Bond!': Twitter left in hysterics as EastEnders star dives into swamp to save Scarlett Moffatt from canoe disaster on I'm A Celebrity PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Hilary buff! Ms Duff puts her sculpted physique on display in a studded bikini during Mexican holiday Let the sunshine! Biggest surprise ever': Pixie Lott reveals she's engaged to long-term love Oliver Cheshire as she shows off dazzling diamond ring on Instagram  Cruel... No not nature's predators - Sir David Attenborough. He used  'rape' of Snow Leopards to make viewers suffer in Planet Earth II, writes JIM SHELLEY  'If your ex has been an a***hole, it's nice to belittle them': Little Mix stars get candid about faking orgasms and shaming former boyfriends in song 'I thought my life would be normal': Hollywood megastar Goldie Hawn says she only ever wanted to get married, have children and run a dance school  Lily Donaldson shows off her cleavage and legs in a daring dress with thigh-high slit at star-studded Evening Standard Theatre Awards Elizabeth Hurley wows in a plunging black dress as she's joined by her very dapper son Damian, 14, for a night at the Evening Standard Theatre Awards  Still part of the family! Billie Piper wows in glam gown as she jokes with ex Laurence Fox's cousin Freddie at the Evening Standard Theatre Awards Margo Stilley flashes her lace bra and hot pants in raunchy sheer dress as she makes rare red carpet appearance at Evening Standard Awards Now James Corden turns his talents to Christmas ads! Sainsbury's enters the fray with an animated commercial featuring singing from the star In a Potter bother! Fantastic Beasts star Eddie Redmayne reveals he got grilled over wand after trying to smuggle it through customs Pucker up! Jesse Metcalfe and fiancee Cara Santana pack on the PDA at their engagement party They got engaged in August after eight years 'Thank you all so much': The X Factor's Sam Lavery shows little emotion as she is latest contestant to be voted off... after tense singing battle with Ryan Lawrie SPOILER ALERT: 'She's not mine!': Rick Grimes makes explosive revelation about 'daughter' on The Walking Dead More trouble ahead Shameless actor Jody Latham is accused of 'terrorising' a former Apprentice star in feud over his ex-fiancee  Appeared at Manchester Magistrates' Court PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Kourtney Kardashian flaunts fabulous figure in skimpy bikini on romantic getaway in Mexico with on/off beau Scott Disick Alexander McQueen's London penthouse hits the market for £8.5 million (complete with bespoke chandeliers, a dining terrace and walk-in dressing rooms)  Lea Michele shimmers in strapless dress as Kristen Bell goes sheer daring in lacy top for Christmas event in LA Black was back at glitzy event 'Wolf with rabies': Teresa Giudice continues taunting Jacqueline Laurita as fiery RHONJ reunion concludes On/off friendship  Happiest place! Singer Ashlee Simpson and hubby Evan Ross enjoy family bonding day with kids at Disneyland Happy every after  Lily James is spring chic in yellow dress and denim jacket as she is seen for first time on set of Baby Driver Filming the crime comedy in Atlanta A man cave for her Tyga? Kylie Jenner stocks a special room with Playboy magazine for 'the boys' at her Hidden Hills mansion Mags and an ashtray Unhappy birthday to you! Glum Anne Hathaway is a lady in red as she heads out for fancy celebratory dinner She had been stumping for Hillary Clinton What a whirl-wand trip! Eddie Redmayne looks exhausted as he lands in London in time for the premiere of Fantastic Beasts after debuting movie in New York Pregnant Katherine Heigl dresses her baby bump with loose fitting tank top at flea market with husband Josh Kelley Looking for baby gifts? Chic but sombre, the Duchess of Cambridge joins Camilla and Sophie Wessex at the Cenotaph on Remembrance Sunday A von Furstenberg coat  EXCLUSIVE: 'He pursued her heavily': I'm A Celeb's Lisa Snowdon 'devastated' to learn footballer ex Jay Bothroyd was married during eight-month affair 'FIRST look': Ruby Rose posts teaser of The Veronicas' new single On Your Side... which details her love story with singer Jess Origliasso  Kate Beckinsale shows off her slim figure in tight top as she attends AFI FEST in Los Angeles Always looks sensational  'He's the Trump of Strictly': Ed Balls divides viewers after Gangnam Style saves him as it's revealed he'll perform a Great Balls of Fire jive in Blackpool You must be jo-KING? EastEnders hardman Danny Dyer makes heir-larious discovery as it's revealed he is a descendant of royalty Cockney royalty Animal attraction! Make-up free Heidi Klum, 43, gets wild with leopard print at a celeb-studded fundraiser in Los Angeles Wild thing She's got some front! Rebecca Hall looks radiant in low-cut patterned dress at AFI Fest in Los Angeles The Christine star paired her unique dress  Sharp-suited Tom Hiddleston arrives at Evening Standard Theatre Awards in good spirits... amid claims Taylor Swift will sing about their breakup Corrie's Beverley Callard 'hasn't met her 11-month-old grandchild' despite living just down the road  Laura Cross made the claims against the star 'People can call me a mug but we are happy': Megan McKenna stands by reunion with Pete Wicks after sexting scandal... and no longer checks his social media 'It's very sad': Iconic soap star Eileen Derbyshire, 85, may not return to Coronation Street after 55-year run Has been absent now for 12 months 'You had me at bonjour': Make-up free Rebecca Gayheart, 45, shows off her clear complexion as she dons cheeky T-shirt at charity event Nikki Reed stuns in white off-the-shoulder patterned top as she attends ACLU dinner in LA The 28-year-old looked gorgeous as ever She's a real page turner! Actress Emma Roberts goes make-up free as she peruses a newsstand in Los Angeles Looked simply chic SPOILER ALERT: Ecstatic Gemma Winter meets lifelong crush Peter Andre as the pop star makes a cameo on Coronation Street Getting star treatment 'I feel so sorry for her': Catherine Tyldesley steps out in a wintry ensemble as she heads to a radio appearance to tease 'heartbreaking' Xmas storyline Hollywood power couple Jennifer Aniston and Justin Theroux go unnoticed in Germany... after saying he makes her feel 'completely adored' Stunning at 70! Goldie Hawn cuts a fabulous figure in silk dress as she makes an appearance ahead of her comedy show in Melbourne Back to her pre-baby best! Kim Kardashian recycles 2009 Princess Jasmine costume for fun with North She worked hard to get  back in pre-baby shape JK's fantastic new hero is just the magic we need: BRIAN VINER on the latest instalment of the Potter franchise  Plenty to say about restablishment stooges Nicole Kidman reunites with her To Die For director Gus Van Sant and co-star Casey Affleck for Variety taping Cult black comedy Coleen Rooney looks glam in an off-the-shoulder top as she enjoys a girls' night out at new Liverpool restaurant Flashed the flesh From Hollywood to Hollyoaks! Dallas star Linda Gray, 76, brings the glam to Chester in first look at her cameo in the Channel 4 soap  An unlikely arrival She's ripped! Kelly Bensimon wears torn blue jeans while out with daughter Thadeus in New York City Stepped out in New York over the weekend Michelle Keegan 'house-hunting in South Africa' as she prepares to spend eight more months away from Mark Wright for Our Girl filming Billy Bob Thornton smokes a cigarette as he touches down in LA after saying ex-wife Angelina Jolie 'seems OK' following Brad Pitt split Hailey Baldwin flaunts her bikini body in a swimsuit before planting a kiss on her female friend Model and daughter of Stephen Baldwin From Ab Flab to Ab Fab! Helen Lederer sheds eight pounds and drops a dress size in just three days after surviving on 400 calories A DAY 'It's about finding the right balance': Marion Cotillard admits she struggles to balance her professional and personal life... after denying Brad romance The good life! Ariel Winter proudly flaunts backside as she twerks in bikini during Mexican holiday with Levi Meaden and pals Continuing her holiday  Feeding the flock! Jennifer Garner and Ben Affleck provide snacks for family church as they bring their children to Sunday service At Pacific Palisades No comment! Kanye West refuses to confirm if he still plans to run for President in 2020  The 39-year-old Life of Pablo artist ignored questions Kanye West launches a new 'unpretentious' range of clothes - but a jumper will still set you back £1,745 and a T-shirt £159 A real man of the people 'You always inspire': Sylvester Stallone presents Jackie Chan with honourary Oscar... as Arnold Schwarzenegger also pays tribute 'I had a good time with dalliances': Robbie Williams jokes about making the most of his fame, how many of the Spice Girls he's REALLY slept with Swift beatz? Pop princess Taylor calls on rumoured rapper flame Drake 'to help give her music a hip-hop vibe' She reportedly wants to sound edgier Puppy love! Sofia Richie shows taut tummy as pal Cameron Dallas carries cute canine at West Hollywood store Enjoyed some dog time Miranda Kerr is the belle of the ball in an exquisite gold gown as she cosies up to sharp-suited fiancé Evan Spiegel at glittering Baby2Baby Gala Geordie Shore's Sophie Kasaei parades her sun-kissed curves on the beach after defending healthy Size 10 figure Showed off her bikini  'I'm no spring chicken': Ex-Strictly professional Ola Jordan, 34, says she's 'not body-confident' despite sneaking SIX sexy bikinis into I'm A Celeb 'I'm not having another baby, so screw you': EastEnders actress Jacqueline Jossa lashes out at cruel trolls who told her she looked pregnant 'He waited outside for her': Pregnant Amy Childs flees event after man 'threatened to punch her' Outside The Ideal Homes Show 'I only do the things I love': Mary Berry confirms filming for her own cooking show... as Bake-Off makers 'head to court over block on Channel 4 rival' 'That smile ain't nothing but a Dream!': Kris Jenner posts adorable snap of Rob Kardashian cradling his new baby girl Latest addition Jessica Alba goes casual chic as she takes her daughters to the Beverly Hills Farmers' Market She is known for her healthy lifestyle Mia Tyler announces she's expecting her first child by sharing picture of her bump First child for the artist, who is the daughter of Aerosmtih's Steven Scarlett Johansson shows off stunning curves in lilac cutaway dress at Ghost In The Shell trailer launch in Japan Glam evening Pamela Anderson cuts a chic figure as she brings MORE snacks to WikiLeaks founder Julian Assange... after he joked that her vegan treats were 'torture' Jamie Foxx has fun on set with Robert Downey Jr and Jeremy Piven as they film All-Star Weekend Revolves around two tow-truck drivers Kurves ahead! Khloe Kardashian shows off her incredible physique in a burnt orange dress as she heads to stylist Monica Rose's baby shower PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Megan Fox and Brian Austin Green take baby Journey and his older brothers on family outing Family united  'I was a bit of a b***ard': Phil Collins admits to cheating on his ex-wife, but says he was just 'following his heart' Regrets the affair 'I had nothing left to give him': Daisy Lowe falls foul of Strictly curse... as she and beau Bradley 'Frankie' Wade couldn't 'cope with the pressure' If you wannabe my mother: Ex-Spice Girl Victoria Beckham 'wants to manage her son Cruz's pop career' Thinks her experiences make her the perfect candidate Rod Stewart's rarely-seen daughter Ruby follows in her father's footsteps as she opens his tour in Liverpool The apple never falls far from the tree From Top Gear to top rear! Little Mix's Leigh-Anne Pinnock teaches Jeremy Clarkson how to twerk on the Jonathan Ross Show Awkward! GIRL ABOUT TOWN: Finally, Jeremy Clarkson is silenced - by the raging wife of Sir Shifty, Lady Green Someone who can stop the motormouth  GIRL ABOUT TOWN: Phasing out the Fogles! Prince William distances himself from Ben Fogle and his wife  Said to be fed up of Ben talking about him in public GIRL ABOUT TOWN: Doctor Who to marry Lady Rose? Besotted Matt Smith to pop the question to girlfriend Lily James by Christmas  Planning trip to New York Still the Princess of Darkness: X Factor judge Sharon Osbourne, 64, flips the bird as she leaves X Factor post-party looking a little worse for wear Outlandish behaviour Parkinson's sufferer Michael J. Fox appears to go Back To The Future with impassioned guitar solo as he leads special gig to support his charity Nicola Peltz flashes her taut abs in a crop top as she opts for an all-black look in Los Angeles Flashed a hint of her abs as she headed out Eye of the tiger, face of an angel: Ageless Madonna, 58, stuns with extremely taut appearance as she leads star-studded UFC fight crowd Kendall Jenner's hangout bar, Emma Stone's beloved salon and Jennifer Aniston's hiking spot: How to ditch the tourist traps and explore LA like a local A-Lister From Baywatch to bag watch: Giddy Kelly Rohrbach shops 'til she drops as she strains under a heavy load Made shopping look like hard work on Saturday PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Kate Upton and fiancé Justin Verlander put on a tactile display on romantic Italian vacation The 24-year-old model kept close in Florence Sheer delight! Nicole Kidman flashes her cleavage in plunging see-through gown at The Governors Awards... before slipping into classic white high-neck dress for later event 'I don't want to say!' Kris Jenner cries as her mother MJ asks her biggest fear in Keeping Up With The Kardashians Welled up on TV Getting some retail therapy! Julianne Moore and friend Laura Dern browse designer dresses at LA boutique  The 55-year-old looked to be in good spirits  'Loved it!' Kelly Clarkson takes baby Remington and daughter River to Disney World River, 2, and Remington, 7 months,  will have been delighted Danniella Westbrook sports new brunette hairdo, but STILL wears a plaster under her nose... amid reports she's suing Celebrity Botched Up Bodies Hard man Mickey Rourke, 64, proves he's a big softy at heart as muscular actor cradles beloved fluffy pooch The age-defying actor, 64, showed off his bulging biceps People wanted to kill me, says Prince Harry's girl: Meghan Markle opens up to PIERS MORGAN about dating, death threats and most embarrassing moment  Bataclan TURNS AWAY Eagles of Death Metal - who were playing when ISIS massacred 90 music fans - as the concert hall reopens a year after the attack with Sting performance Cringing Cowell! Simon is left red-faced after Dermot shares throwback picture of him with a VERY dodgy hairdo on X Factor Giving a gun show too! What happens in Vegas stays still in Vegas! Britney Spears does the Mannequin Challenge to celebrate Sin City success  Flesh-flashing Charlotte Dawson flirts up a storm with new rugby player boyfriend Matt Sarsfield as they're spotted together for the first time Trinny Woodall's 'nightmare' £300,000 divorce battle from beyond the grave: Fashion guru's bizarre High Court battle over her dead ex's debts  Get Me Out Of Here already! Scarlett Moffatt can't contain her disgust as she's forced to canoe through swampy waters in I'm A Celebrity's first grizzly challenge 'Strictly viewers are delighted to spot Mary Berry in the audience... but are reduced to tears as Judge Rinder's granddad wells up on-screen  She's got good jeans! Khloe Kardashian shows off her toned bottom...as she hits out at haters online Addressing all the criticism Frill-seeker! Slimmed-down Tina Malone shows off her TINY size six figure in black flamenco-style dress as she steps out at RTS Awards Disco fever! Leona Lewis oozes 70s glamour in corkscrew curls and plunging sequin gown as she steals the show at animal charity gala in LA Cara Delevingne flashes her abs with a sexy pin-up on her jacket... as she turns her mind to modelling following St Vincent split She had taken a step back from her modelling  Donatella Versace claims that gay male fashion designers create clothes for the 'women they want to be' rather than their customers   Female style icon Rachel Weisz is cosy beneath a bizarre woolly hat  She is famed for starring in cult classic The Mummy, but Rachel Weisz looked like she was almost embalmed  Ready to take the plunge! Ola Jordan glams up before the jungle in a low cut peachy dress as she meets her I'm A Celebrity team mates Slinky Scherzinger! Nicole shows off stunning figure in racy cut out dress on X Factor before changing into JUST a pink jacket for dinner  Chrissy Teigen and daughter Luna host baby shower for celebrity stylist Monica Rose... and Khloe Kardashian and Kris Jenner are on hand too Braided beauty! Cara Delevingne cuts a fashionable flyer in a chic bomber jacket as she touches down at LAX Eyes front, Philip! A playboy prince eyeing up the ladies? Don't worry, Ma'am - it's only a VERY impertinent scene from hit TV show The Crown  What will Ma'am think? Hugh Jackman spotted cosying up with Madonna at UFC title fight in New York  Watched Conor McGregor and Eddie Alvarez battle it out Vin Diesel and Nina Dobrev fuel the hype for xXx: Return of Xander Cage at Los Angeles fan event Diesel, 49, looked every part the action hero  Will Smith is in high spirits as he has a laugh on set for upcoming fantasy film Bright Will Smith spent his Saturday hard at work on his forthcoming fantasy thriller Bright Liquid gold! Lily Collins oozes class in backless satin gown at the Academy's Governors Awards in Hollywood Perhaps Lily Collins had her sights set on a gold statue Blue bombshell! Bryce Dallas Howard stuns at star-studded Weinstein Company party featuring Matthew McConaughey A real showstopper All-natural beauty! Jenna Dewan is pretty in pink with husband Channing Tatum at Baby2Baby Gala in Los Angeles  Had her black locks parted in the middle Kate Hudson shines in gold number as she poses with Matthew McConaughey and wife Camila at Baby2Baby Gala Sheerly amazing! Jessica Alba stuns in partially transparent black gown for star-studded Baby2Baby Gala in Los Angeles Charity that supports babies in need In the navy! Jennifer Garner is beautiful in blue as she stuns on red carpet of Baby2Baby Gala in LA The 44-year-old actress looked beautiful in blue Bella Thorne is epitome of casual chic in Daisy Dukes and snakeskin boots before slipping into crop top and ripped jeans Two different outfits 'Bonding with mommy!' Blac Chyna breastfeeds daughter Dream in newborn baby's first tweet Created an Instagram account in baby's name Blac Chyna's mother Tokyo Toni shows charitable side as she promotes food drive after second grandchild is born Tokyo Toni is feeling charitable  Pretty in pattern! Emma Stone and Michelle Williams wow in sparkling gowns for the eighth annual Governors Awards in Hollywood The actresses arrived dressed to the nines Demi Lovato holds hands with rumoured MMA fighter beau Luke Rockhold as they arrive to UFC 205 in New York It's been the worst kept celebrity couple secret for a while now Head Start to Home Cooked Get Recipes more SHARE PICTURE Copy link to paste in your message Find out more... Find out more... Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Network This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Syndication Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
Police: 3 men facing felony charges after assaulting juveniles i - WMBFNews.com, Myrtle Beach/Florence SC, Weather Member Center: Create Account| Log In Manage Account| Log Out SITE SEARCHWEB SEARCH BY HOME Decision 2016 Slideshows Viewer Pics Live Links Contests Legal Access Hurricane Matthew WMBF News at 4 Download Our New App Lifestyle SC News Now Text Alerts & Emails WMBF News on Facebook @wmbfnews on Twitter @wmbfnews on Instagram WMBFNews on SnapChat Local Local Professionals Center Angel Tree Grand Strand News Pee Dee News Fit Family Friday Deal Diva Student Spotlight Consider This Missing Persons Pets of the Day Obituaries Business Break Lottery Numbers Memorial Day Bikefest 2016 WEATHER Hurricane Matthew Interactive Radar Hurricane Tracker Weather News Skycam Network Text Alerts & Emails Download the free First Alert Weather App for your Android and iOS devices Midland Weather Radio Protect My House Marine Forecast Terminix Mosquito Forecast SPORTS Extra Point South Carolina Sports Headlines Coastal Carolina Chanticleers National Sports Myrtle Beach Pelicans Sports Video North Carolina Sports Headlines Summer Olympics 2016 in Rio Georgia Sports Headlines Athlete of the Week Darlington Race Day Live VIDEO WMBF INVESTIGATES Submit a News Tip Restaurant Scorecard Government Employee Salary Database Special Reports Archive Special Reports Archives: 2014 Special Reports Archives: 2013 Special Reports Archives: 2012 Special Reports Archives: 2011 Special Reports Archives: 2010 CRIME Mugshots of the Day Horry County Suspect Search Crime in the Grand Strand Crime in the Pee Dee Crime Links Contact Local Law Enforcement Traffic Just Drive Real-time Traffic SCDOT cameras, incident map, and information Family Travel International Travel Gas Price Corner TV What's On Now WMBF News Channel List Grit TV Bounce TV What's On NBC Right This Minute Video Coverage Flip My Food Fix It & Finish It ABOUT US Meet the WMBF Team Advertise with WMBF News Contact WMBF News Digital Sales Closed Captioning Internship Opportunities RSS Employment Tour WMBF News WMBF Public File Shop 84300 Police: 3 men facing felony charges after assaulting juveniles in Easley home 2016-10-24T01:12:53Z2016-10-24T01:33:51Z By Rachel Cumberbatch Email Connect rachel.cumberbatch@foxcarolina.com Kameron Jonrichard Merck (Source: Easley PD) Brody Garred Lewis (Source: Easley PD) Landon Drake Smith (Source: Easley PD) EASLEY, SC (FOX Carolina) - The Easley Police Department has arrested 3 men in connection with a weekend burglary and assault incident, and is seeking more suspects they believe are involved. Lt. Green with the Easley Police Department said the incident occurred early Saturday morning. Officers responded to a call about an assault. Police said the adult suspects broke into a residence on Avalone Circle in Easley and assaulted multiple juvenile victims. Police said the suspects caused injury to victims by repeatedly punching them, and that the suspects broke two windows in the home as well. Police  said the suspects knew the victims well, stating that individuals from the two parties were likely friends and/or acquaintances. The suspects fled the scene after assaulting the victims, according to Lt. Green. He said this is not the first confrontation between the suspects and victims. Several witnesses were also present during the incident. Brodey Garred Lewis, 18, of Pickens, Kameron Jonrichard Merck, 18, of Easley and Landon Drake Smith, 18 of Easley were all taken into custody following the incident. All three are facing charges for first degree burglary, two counts of 3rd degree assault and battery by mob and one count of malicious damage to real property. Lewis, Merck and Smith are being held in police custody and are awaiting bond hearings. Police said they are still investigating what caused the incident, and are looking for other people they believe may have been involved. Copyright 2016 FOX Carolina (Meredith Corporation). All rights reserved. Local NewsLocalMore>> Breaking Fire crews put out blaze at Old Heafner Tire facility Monday morning Fire crews put out blaze at Old Heafner Tire facility Monday morning Updated: Monday, November 14 2016 6:29 PM EST2016-11-14 23:29:46 GMT Old Heafner Tire facility, tire storage unit (Source: Whitney Phelan) Florence firefighters responded to a fire at the Old Heafner Tire facility Monday morning at approximately 3:00, according to Florence City Fire Chief Randall Osterman.More >> Florence firefighters responded to a fire at the Old Heafner Tire facility Monday morning at approximately 3:00, according to Florence City Fire Chief Randall Osterman.More >> Community activist calls for comprehensive plan to curb violence Community activist calls for comprehensive plan to curb violence Updated: Monday, November 14 2016 6:28 PM EST2016-11-14 23:28:36 GMT Bennie Swans said more communication is needed to tackle gun violence (Source: Amy Lipman) Community Activist Bennie Swans said recent shootings in Longs show the efforts that have been put forth over the past year to curb gun violence still aren’t enough. More >> Community Activist Bennie Swans said recent shootings in Longs show the efforts that have been put forth over the past year to curb gun violence still aren’t enough.More >> Elementary students thank Horry County officers for work during Hurricane Matthew Elementary students thank Horry County officers for work during Hurricane Matthew Updated: Monday, November 14 2016 5:16 PM EST2016-11-14 22:16:47 GMT Horry County officers received letters from students thanking them for their work during Hurricane Matthew. (Source: HCPD Facebook page) Some Horry County fourth-graders took time to thank emergency responders for what they did to keep the community safe during Hurricane Matthew.More >> Some Horry County fourth-graders took time to thank emergency responders for what they did to keep the community safe during Hurricane Matthew.More >> FIRST ALERT: Dense fog likely for the morning commute Tuesday FIRST ALERT: Dense fog likely for the morning commute Tuesday Updated: Monday, November 14 2016 4:24 PM EST2016-11-14 21:24:00 GMT The morning commute Tuesday could see some slow-downs as dense fog develops overnight.More >> The morning commute Tuesday could see some slow-downs as dense fog develops overnight.More >> Breaking Burn ban lifted in Horry County Burn ban lifted in Horry County Updated: Monday, November 14 2016 4:01 PM EST2016-11-14 21:01:38 GMT (Source: Raycom Media) The outdoor burning ban for all unincorporated Horry County has been lifted due to improved conditions. More >> The outdoor burning ban for all unincorporated Horry County has been lifted due to improved conditions.More >>    Trending StoriesTrending StoriesMore>> Trump considering woman, openly gay man for leadership posts Trump considering woman, openly gay man for leadership posts Posted: Monday, November 14 2016 5:47 PM EST2016-11-14 22:47:35 GMT Updated: Monday, November 14 2016 5:47 PM EST2016-11-14 22:47:35 GMT Trump's hires were, at first glance, contradictory, though they fit a pattern of the celebrity businessman creating a veritable Rorschach test that allowed his supporters to see what they wanted.More >> His nascent administration already under attack, President-elect Donald Trump was considering Monday whether to inject new diversity into the GOP by recommending a woman to lead the Republican Party and an openly gay man...More >> Justin Ross Harris found guilty on all charges in hot car death trial Justin Ross Harris found guilty on all charges in hot car death trial Posted: Wednesday, November 9 2016 4:49 PM EST2016-11-09 21:49:14 GMT Updated: Monday, November 14 2016 6:09 PM EST2016-11-14 23:09:55 GMT Source: WGCL Justin Ross Harris has been found guilty on all charges after being accused of leaving his child in a hot car to die back in June 2014.More >> Justin Ross Harris has been found guilty on all charges after being accused of leaving his child in a hot car to die back in June 2014.More >> Walmart Black Friday deals of 2016 Walmart Black Friday deals of 2016 Updated: Thursday, November 10 2016 12:28 PM EST2016-11-10 17:28:34 GMT Walmart has released 34 pages of deals that will be available for Black Friday. More >> Walmart has released 34 pages of deals that will be available for Black Friday.More >> Baby severely injured in alleged child abuse; 2 arrested Baby severely injured in alleged child abuse; 2 arrested Updated: Monday, November 14 2016 10:24 AM EST2016-11-14 15:24:47 GMT (Credit: KMOV). Megan Hendricks (left) and Robert Burnette (right) have been arrested and charged for allegedly abusing their 6-month-old son. Police have arrested and charged two parents after investigators say the father allegedly shoved his fingers down his 6-month-old son’s throat to stop him from crying.More >> Police have arrested and charged two parents after investigators say the father allegedly shoved his fingers down his 6-month-old son’s throat to stop him from crying.More >> Chili's manager takes away vet's free meal on Veterans Day Chili's manager takes away vet's free meal on Veterans Day Posted: Monday, November 14 2016 11:38 AM EST2016-11-14 16:38:47 GMT Updated: Monday, November 14 2016 11:38 AM EST2016-11-14 16:38:47 GMT The parent company of Chili's says it wants to make things right after a veteran had his free meal taken away on Veterans Day. More >> The parent company of Chili's says it wants to make things right after a veteran had his free meal taken away on Veterans Day.More >> 4 tigers found living in woman's home 4 tigers found living in woman's home Posted: Monday, November 14 2016 10:32 AM EST2016-11-14 15:32:10 GMT Updated: Monday, November 14 2016 10:32 AM EST2016-11-14 15:32:09 GMT Court documents show Trisha Meyer kept three tiger cubs, an adult tiger, a fox, a skunk and several monkeys in a home she was leasing. More >> Court documents show Trisha Meyer kept three tiger cubs, an adult tiger, a fox, a skunk and several monkeys in a home she was leasing.More >> Release ordered for 'Making a Murderer' subject Dassey Release ordered for 'Making a Murderer' subject Dassey Posted: Monday, November 14 2016 2:39 PM EST2016-11-14 19:39:48 GMT Updated: Monday, November 14 2016 3:09 PM EST2016-11-14 20:09:50 GMT Brendan Dassey, the man convicted of a killing in 2007 and made famous in the documentary "Making a Murderer," has been ordered to be freed from prison Monday.More >> Brendan Dassey, the man convicted of a killing in 2007 and made famous in the documentary "Making a Murderer," has been ordered to be freed from prison Monday.More >> Monday is your chance to see largest Supermoon in 68 years Monday is your chance to see largest Supermoon in 68 years Updated: Monday, November 14 2016 12:27 AM EST2016-11-14 05:27:16 GMT image: space.com The brightest, largest and closest-to-earth full moon in 68 years will be viewable Monday morning and night. More >> The brightest, largest and closest-to-earth full moon in 68 years will be viewable Monday morning and night.More >> Attorney sentenced to 12 years for hypnotizing, sexually assaulting female clients Attorney sentenced to 12 years for hypnotizing, sexually assaulting female clients Updated: Monday, November 14 2016 10:26 AM EST2016-11-14 15:26:10 GMT Michael Fine (Source: Lorain County Jail) Michael W. Fine, 59, permanently relinquished his law license last year after one of his clients took recordings of him hypnotizing and sexually abusing her during one of their meetings. More >> Michael W. Fine, 59, permanently relinquished his law license last year after one of his clients took recordings of him hypnotizing and sexually abusing her during one of their meetings. More >> Video: Mom shields son from dog attack Video: Mom shields son from dog attack Posted: Monday, November 14 2016 6:18 AM EST2016-11-14 11:18:18 GMT Updated: Monday, November 14 2016 6:18 AM EST2016-11-14 11:18:18 GMT When two dogs attacked, a mother tried to shield her son from their bites, but the boy still ended up with extensive injuries.More >> When two dogs attacked, a mother tried to shield her son from their bites, but the boy still ended up with extensive injuries.More >>    Can't Find Something? 918 Frontage Rd. East Myrtle Beach, SC 29577 (843) 839-9623 FCC Public File sarahmiles@wmbfnews.com (843) 839-9623 EEO Report Closed Captioning Texas News Now All content © Copyright 2000 - 2016 Raycom Media. All Rights Reserved. For more information on this site, please read our Privacy Policy, and Terms of Service, and Ad Choices.

Toggle navigation Menu Subscribers Log In Sections Close Menu Wealth Creation Investing Retirement Taxes Your Money Your Business Magazine Contents See All Special Reports Tools Slide Shows Quizzes Videos Columns Basics of Personal Finance Economic Outlooks Follow Kiplinger Customer Service/Contact Us Media Relations Magazine Reprints and Permissions Photocopying and Electronic Distribution Permissions Advertise with Us Partnerships and Syndication About Us Employment Opportunities Privacy Policy Terms of Service Millennium Copyright Act Site Map RSS Give a Gift Kiplinger's Personal Finance Magazine The Kiplinger Letter The Kiplinger Tax Letter Kiplinger's Retirement Report Kiplinger's Investing For Income Kiplinger's Annual Retirement Planning Guide Kiplinger's Boomer's Guide to Social Security Webinars More Kiplinger Products 1100 13th Street, NW, Suite 750 Washington, DC 20005 202.887.6400 Toll-free: 800.544.0155 All Contents © 2016 The Kiplinger Washington Editors Search Close Store Log in Search Close Toggle navigation Menu Subscribers Sections Close Menu Wealth Creation Investing Retirement Taxes Your Money Your Business Magazine Contents See All Special Reports Tools Slide Shows Quizzes Videos Columns Basics of Personal Finance Economic Outlooks Follow Kiplinger Customer Service/Contact Us Media Relations Magazine Reprints and Permissions Photocopying and Electronic Distribution Permissions Advertise with Us Partnerships and Syndication About Us Employment Opportunities Privacy Policy Terms of Service Millennium Copyright Act Site Map RSS Give a Gift Kiplinger's Personal Finance Magazine The Kiplinger Letter The Kiplinger Tax Letter Kiplinger's Retirement Report Kiplinger's Investing For Income Kiplinger's Annual Retirement Planning Guide Kiplinger's Boomer's Guide to Social Security Webinars More Kiplinger Products 1100 13th Street, NW, Suite 750 Washington, DC 20005 202.887.6400 Toll-free: 800.544.0155 All Contents © 2016 The Kiplinger Washington Editors Search Close Why You Should Invest in Health Care Stocks Now Store Log in SLIDE SHOW 16 Best Stocks to Buy Under President Donald Trump TOOL State-by-State Guide to Taxes for Retirees QUIZ Test Your Investing IQ BUILDING WEALTH Kiplinger's Wealth Creation Web Conference Series Advertisement Value Added Why You Should Invest in Health Care Stocks Now This sector tends to do well in both bull and bear markets. Here’s my favorite fund. Thinkstock By Steven Goldberg, Contributing Columnist October 25, 2016 As the stock market begins to anticipate a Hillary Clinton victory on November 8, health care stocks have been sliding. Since the beginning of August, when Clinton started to boost her lead over Donald Trump in the polls after the two parties’ conventions, health care stocks in Standard & Poor’s 500-stock index have lost 7.6% while the S&P 500 itself dipped just 0.9%. SEE ALSO: 7 Battered Biotech Stocks to Buy While They Are Down The fear: that a Clinton administration would take steps to stem the rising prices of prescription medicines. The reality: Unless the Democrats win the White House and both houses of Congress, which looks unlikely, don’t expect any big changes in drug-pricing regulation. What’s more, even if Washington did take measures to force down drug prices, the tailwinds propelling health care companies forward are remarkably strong. That’s why health care has long been my favorite industry. Start with the baby boomers. The huge cohort born in the U.S. between 1946 and 1964 is rapidly aging and consuming increasing amounts of health care products and services. People over age 75 use three to four times as much health care as younger folks. Advertisement Then consider the impact of emerging markets. As economies such as China and India continue growing at a fast clip, they’re creating a vast new global middle class. And one of the first things new entrants into the middle class want is more and better health care. Innovation is bringing new treatments and cures for hitherto incurable diseases. Jean Hynes, manager of Vanguard Health Care (VGHCX), says an astonishing one-fifth of all the research and development being done by businesses is being conducted by the health care industry. Biotechnology is entering a “golden age” and producing most of the breakthroughs, says Hynes. Over the long term, health care stocks have delivered, well, healthy gains to investors. Over the past 10 years, the S&P Health Care index returned an annualized 9.6%--an average of 2.7 percentage points better per year than the S&P 500. (All returns are through October 21.) Yet health care stocks, as a whole, are currently cheaper than the overall market, thanks to the Hillary effect. The S&P Health Care index trades at about 15 times analysts’ consensus earnings estimates for the coming 12 months. The S&P 500 trades at 17 times estimated earnings. Advertisement What really wins me over to health care stocks is that they tend to perform well in both bull and bear markets. Health care has long been considered a defensive sector, relatively immune to the ebbs and flows of the economy’s cycles. Indeed, in the 2007-09 bear market, when the S&P 500 plunged 55.3%, the S&P Health Care index lost only 38.0%. Yet health care is also enjoying robust growth—for decades it has expanded at a faster pace than the overall U.S. economy. Vanguard Health Care is my favorite way to tap this sector. One reason is the experience of its manager. Hynes, who is with Wellington Management, has worked on the fund since 1993, became comanager in 2008 and has been its sole manager since the start of 2013. Hynes, 47, joined Wellington after graduating from Wellesley College. She’s backed by six analysts and four research associates, who include medical doctors and PhDs. The fund’s Investor share class, which requires a $3,000 minimum investment, charges a mere 0.36% per year in fees. If you can swing the $50,000 minimum or you use a discount broker with a lower minimum, then you’ll save a little with the fund’s Admiral share class (VGHAX), which charges 0.31% annually. The Investor share class has returned an annualized 10.4% over the past 10 years—an average of 0.8 percentage point per year more than the S&P Health Care index and 3.5 points per year more than the S&P 500. When you’re paying so little for such a first-class management team, I see little reason to look elsewhere. Advertisement Hynes believes we’re entering a period that will be marked by the emergence of big winners and big losers in drugs and biotech. Investors will “differentiate between the real innovators and the companies with older drugs that are losing patent protection,” she says. Hynes says that 85% of pills taken orally today are generics, and that percentage will only increase. The use of “biosimilars”—generic versions of drugs produced in biotech labs—will also continue to grow, she predicts. That has led her to make bigger bets on individual stocks than she had previously. The fund, which holds $48 billion in assets, has about 6% apiece of its assets in UnitedHealth Group (UNH), Allergan (AGN) and Bristol-Myers Squibb (BMY), and 5% in both Merck (MRK), and AstraZeneca (AZN). Overall, the fund has more than 55% of its assets in what Hynes calls biopharma. She thinks it’s meaningless to distinguish between traditional pharmaceutical companies and biotech firms because they’re all involved in biotech research. Another 25% of the fund is in health care services, such as insurance, and the remainder, except for 3% in cash, is in medical devices. I asked Hynes where she sees the next big breakthroughs in medicine. “The most exciting,” she says is “progress in unraveling cancer. We’re seeing a tremendous amount of real breakthroughs.” Unfortunately, Hynes declined to discuss individual stocks. Advertisement She’s also surprisingly optimistic about new treatments for Alzheimer’s disease, which has so far defeated all efforts to cure it. Finally, she sees progress in treating some 50 rare diseases where the understanding of genetics has brought cures closer. SEE ALSO: Trump vs. Clinton: 10 Ways the Next President Will Impact Your Wallet Steve Goldberg is an investment adviser in the Washington, D.C., area. Show comments Advertisement Market Update Rate Info Advertisement He recommended Amazon in 1997 and Tesla in 2011. And he's announcing his newest pick for the best stock to buy now. 5 Years From Now, You'll Probably Wish You Grabbed These Stocks Enter your email address below to get the name of the stock and to receive Kiplinger Today. Privacy/Legal Information Follow Kiplinger 1100 13th Street, NW, Suite 750 Washington, DC 20005 202.887.6400 Toll-free: 800.544.0155 Customer Service/Contact Us Media Relations Magazine Reprints and Permissions Photocopying and Electronic Distribution Permissions Advertise with Us Partnerships and Syndication About Us Employment Opportunities Privacy Policy Terms of Service Millennium Copyright Act Site Map RSS All Contents © 2016, The Kiplinger Washington Editors
null




