Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Helping the world invest better since 1993. Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Latest Stock Picks Stocks Premium Services Return S&P Stock Advisor Flagship service 227% 68% Rule Breakers High-growth stocks 98% 57% Income Investor Dividend stocks 46% 42% Hidden Gems Small-cap stocks 57% 54% Inside Value Undervalued stocks 47% 31% Returns as of 3/20/2017 Stock Market News Latest Investing News Gainers & Losers in the Market Today 3 Top Dividend Stocks to Buy Now Dividend Paying Stocks for Beginners Top Growth Stock for 2017 Discover High Growth Stocks 10 Best Stocks Right Now Popular Stocks Apple Stock (AAPL) Facebook Stock (FB) Tesla Stock (TSLA) Netflix Stock (NFLX) Google Stock (GOOG) Amazon Stock (AMZN) GE Stock (GE) Disney Stock (DIS) Twitter Stock (TWTR) Snapchat Stock (SNAP) How to Invest Learn How to Invest How to Invest in Stocks Start Investing with $100 a Month Investing Knowledge Center Learn Options Trading Guide to Index, Mutual & ETF Funds How to Build a Dividend Portfolio Investing for Retirement Track Your Performance Portfolio Tracker Rate & Research Stocks - CAPS Investing Accounts Compare Brokerage Accounts Compare IRA Accounts Retirement Retirement Planning 401Ks | IRAs | Asset Allocation Step by step guide to retirement Your 2016 Guide to Retirement Plans Will Social Security be there for me? Retirement Guide: 20s | 30s | 40s | 50s Save for College or Retirement? $16,122 Social Security Bonus Already Retired Time to Retire, Now What? Living in Retirement in Your 60s Should I Reverse Mortgage My Home? Should I Get a Long Term Care Policy? Your 2017 Guide to Social Security Personal Finance Credit Cards Best Credit Cards of 2017 Best Credit Card Sign-Up Bonuses Best Balance-Transfer Credit Cards Best Travel Credit Cards Best Cash-Back Credit Cards Best No-Annual-Fee Credit Cards Mortgages Compare Mortgage Rates Get Pre-Approved How Much House Can I Afford? 11 Mortgage Essentials Demystified Taxes How to Reduce Your Taxes Deductions Even Pros Overlook Audit-Proof Your Tax Return What Info Should I Keep? Saving & Budgeting Getting Out of Debt Create an Emergency Fund Which Accounts Should I Use? College Savings Community Our Mission: Helping the World Invest — Better Founded in 1993 by brothers Tom and David Gardner, The Motley Fool helps millions of people attain financial freedom through our website, podcasts, books, newspaper column, radio show, and premium investing services. Who is The Motley Fool? About Us Foolanthropy Fool.com Site Help Media Inquiries Contact Us Fool Podcasts Motley Fool Money Marketfoolery Industry Focus Motley Fool Answers Rule Breaker Investing Social Media + Facebook Twitter Discussion Boards CAPS - Stock Picking Community Latest Stock Picks Stocks Stocks Premium Services Return S&P Stock Advisor Flagship service 227% 68% Rule Breakers High-growth stocks 98% 57% Income Investor Dividend stocks 46% 42% Hidden Gems Small-cap stocks 57% 54% Inside Value Undervalued stocks 47% 31% Returns as of 3/20/2017 Stock Market News Latest Investing News Gainers & Losers in the Market Today 3 Top Dividend Stocks to Buy Now Dividend Paying Stocks for Beginners Top Growth Stock for 2017 Discover High Growth Stocks 10 Best Stocks Right Now Popular Stocks Apple Stock (AAPL) Facebook Stock (FB) Tesla Stock (TSLA) Netflix Stock (NFLX) Google Stock (GOOG) Amazon Stock (AMZN) GE Stock (GE) Disney Stock (DIS) Twitter Stock (TWTR) Snapchat Stock (SNAP) How to Invest How to Invest Learn How to Invest How to Invest in Stocks Start Investing with $100 a Month Investing Knowledge Center Learn Options Trading Guide to Index, Mutual & ETF Funds How to Build a Dividend Portfolio Investing for Retirement Track Your Performance Portfolio Tracker Rate & Research Stocks - CAPS Investing Accounts Compare Brokerage Accounts Compare IRA Accounts Retirement Retirement Retirement Planning 401Ks IRAs Asset Allocation Step by step guide to retirement Your 2016 Guide to Retirement Plans Will Social Security be there for me? Retirement Guide: 20s Retirement Guide: 30s Retirement Guide: 40s Retirement Guide: 50s Save for College or Retirement? $16,122 Social Security Bonus Already Retired Time to Retire, Now What? Living in Retirement in Your 60s Should I reverse Mortgage My Home? Should I Get a Long Term Care Policy? Your 2016 Guide to Social Security Personal Finance Personal Finance Credit Cards Best Credit Cards of 2017 Best Credit Card Sign-Up Bonuses Best Balance-Transfer Credit Cards Best Travel Credit Cards Best Cash-Back Credit Cards Best No-Annual-Fee Credit Cards Mortgages Compare Mortgage Rates Get Pre-Approved How Much House Can I Afford? 11 Mortgage Essentials Demystified Taxes How to Reduce Your Taxes Deductions Even Pros Overlook Audit-Proof Your Tax Return What Info Should I Keep? Saving & Budgeting Getting Out of Debt Create an Emergency Fund Which Accounts Should I Use? College Savings Community Community Who is The Motley Fool? About Us Foolanthropy Fool.com Site Help Media Inquiries Contact Us Fool Podcasts Motley Fool Money Marketfoolery Industry Focus Motley Fool Answers Rule Breaker Investing Social Media + Facebook Twitter Discussion Boards CAPS - Stock Picking Community Login Search Search: 3 Tremendously Promising Diabetes Drugs Potentially on the Way Diabetes patients could have new treatment options if Merck, Pfizer, Lexicon, Sanofi, and Novo Nordisk succeed with these three promising drugs. Keith Speights (TMFFishBiz) Mar 26, 2017 at 9:03AM Here's the scary thing about diabetes: Over 30 million Americans have it, with an additional 1.4 million new diagnoses each year. The disease is the seventh-highest cause of death in the U.S. Those are concerning statistics, but there are also some numbers that provide hope. Over 170 new medicines are currently in development targeting treatment of diabetes and diabetes-related conditions. Here are three of the most promising diabetes drugs from five of the most innovative drugmakers in the world: Merck (NYSE:MRK), Pfizer (NYSE:PFE), Lexicon Pharmaceuticals (NASDAQ:LXRX), Sanofi (NYSE:SNY), and Novo Nordisk (NYSE:NVO). Image source: Getty Images. 1. Ertugliflozin Merck and Pfizer are collaborating on development of ertugliflozin, an experimental drug for treating patients with type 2 diabetes. The drug could be approved in the U.S. later this year as a stand-alone treatment, in combination with Merck's Januvia, and in combination with metformin. Ertugliflozin belongs to a class of medicines known as SGLT2 inhibitors. These drugs lower blood sugar by causing the kidneys to remove sugar from the body through the urine. Several SGLT2 inhibitors are already available, including Farxiga, Invokana, and Jardiance.  Results from late-stage clinical studies conducted by Merck and Pfizer were very encouraging. Not only did ertugliflozin help lower blood sugar levels, but patients taking the experimental drug also experienced weight reduction and lower blood pressure levels.  2. Sotagliflozin Another promising SGLT inhibitor might not be too far behind ertugliflozin. Lexicon and Sanofi are evaluating sotagliflozin in late-stage studies. The drug could potentially reach the market within the next couple of years if all goes well. Sotagliflozin inhibits SGLT1 and SGLT2 proteins. SGLT1 is responsible for glucose absorption in the gastrointestinal tract, while SGLT2 is responsible for glucose reabsorption by the kidney. Lexicon, which originally developed sotagliflozin, is focusing on clinical studies for type 1 diabetes, while Sanofi is handling clinical development and potential commercialization for type 2 diabetes.  Lexicon reported positive results from the first two late-stage studies of sotagliflozin in treating type 1 diabetes in 2016, with significant reductions in patients' blood sugar levels. The company has one other late-stage study in progress for the indication; results should be available by mid-2017. Sanofi also has three additional clinical trials underway evaluating the drug in treating type 2 diabetes.  3. Semaglutide Novo Nordisk hopes to win regulatory approval for its newest diabetes drug, semaglutide, by Dec. 5, 2017. The pharmaceutical company submitted for approval in the U.S. and in Europe late last year. Semaglutide targets type 2 diabetes by mimicking the action of the glucagon-like peptide-1 (GLP-1) receptor. GLP-1 stimulates the release of insulin and reduces glucagon, a hormone that increases blood sugar levels. If approved, semaglutide would join other GLP-1 receptor agonists such as Trulicity and Victoza.  Late-stage studies found that semaglutide lowered blood sugar levels and resulted in weight reduction in patients taking the drug. In addition, semaglutide demonstrated reduction in cardiovascular risk compared to placebo.  Into the future An even more exciting diabetes treatment could be available in the future. Glucose-responsive insulin (GRI), also known as "smart insulin," holds the potential to detect blood sugar levels and automatically release the correct dosage to adjust those levels. At least two of the companies already mentioned are developing glucose-responsive insulin products. Merck's MK-2640 is in early-stage testing. Sanofi has partnered with diabetes research group JDRF to develop glucose-responsive insulin.  It will take several years before these products could be on the market, however. And there's always a risk that issues arise in the clinical-development or regulatory-approval processes. (By the same token, the possibility also exists that ertugliflozin, sotagliflozin, and/or semaglutide could stumble along the way.) However, the chances that diabetes becomes less scary in the future thanks to new treatments appear to be pretty good. Keith Speights owns shares of Pfizer. The Motley Fool recommends Novo Nordisk. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author Keith Speights (TMFFishBiz) Keith began writing for the Fool in 2012 and focuses primarily on healthcare investing topics. His background includes serving in management and consulting for the healthcare technology, health insurance, medical device, and pharmacy benefits management industries. Follow @keithspeights Article Info Mar 26, 2017 at 9:03AM Health Care Stocks Pfizer NYSE:PFE $34.22 up $0.04 (0.12%) Merck and Co. NYSE:MRK $63.25 up $0.06 (0.09%) Sanofi NYSE:SNY $45.37 down $0.01 (-0.02%) Novo Nordisk NYSE:NVO $34.16 down $0.01 (-0.04%) Lexicon Pharmaceuticals NASDAQ:LXRX $14.05 down $0.35 (-2.43%) Read More Can You Guess Which Drugmaker Has the Most Debt? (Hint: It's Not Valeant) Here's Why Ziopharm Rose as Much as 15.8% Today 3 Top Cancer Drug Stocks to Buy in 2017 3 Major Facts and Figures You Overlooked in the CBO's Report on Trumpcare Better Buy: Celgene Corporation vs. Gilead Sciences Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Terms of Use Privacy Policy Accessibility Policy Copyright, Trademark and Patent Information Terms and Conditions © 1995 - 2017 The Motley Fool. All rights reserved. Current
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Merck & Co. Inc. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Merck & Co. Inc. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Whiting Petroleum Corp (WLL) Given a $16.00 Price Target at Scotiabank RSP Permian Inc (RSPP) Given a $51.00 Price Target by Scotiabank Analysts Concho Resources Inc (CXO) Given a $156.00 Price Target at Scotiabank ConocoPhillips (COP) Given a $53.00 Price Target by Scotiabank Analysts Franklin Resources, Inc. (BEN) Given a $33.00 Price Target by Credit Suisse Group AG Analysts Wolseley plc (WOS) Plans GBX 36.67 Dividend Card Factory PLC (CARD) to Issue GBX 6.30 Dividend Moss Bros Group plc (MOSB) to Issue Dividend Increase – GBX 3.98 Per Share Scotiabank Reiterates $164.00 Price Target for Cimarex Energy Co (XEC) Scotiabank Analysts Give Chevron Co. (CVX) a $114.00 Price Target Scotiabank Analysts Give Rice Energy Inc (RICE) a $30.00 Price Target NewCastle Gold Ltd (NCA) Given a C$1.50 Price Target at Canaccord Genuity Opko Health Inc. (OPK) CEO Phillip Md Et Al Frost Purchases 3,600 Shares ClearStream Energy Services Inc (CSM) Director Paul Emery Bourque Purchases 100,000 Shares Telefonaktiebolaget LM Ericsson (ERIC) Receives Consensus Rating of “Hold” from Analysts Castlight Health Inc (CSLT) Given Average Rating of “Hold” by Analysts Editas Medicine Inc (EDIT) Receives Average Rating of “Buy” from Brokerages MarketAxess Holdings Inc. (MKTX) Downgraded by Zacks Investment Research Columbia Sportswear Company (COLM) Lowered to Sell at Zacks Investment Research AFLAC Incorporated (AFL) Downgraded by Zacks Investment Research Edge Asset Management Inc. Has $93,056,000 Stake in Merck & Co., Inc. (MRK) March 26th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Stacy Sanders Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet Edge Asset Management Inc. increased its position in shares of Merck & Co., Inc. (NYSE:MRK) by 1.9% during the fourth quarter, Holdings Channel reports. The firm owned 1,580,696 shares of the company’s stock after buying an additional 29,115 shares during the period. Edge Asset Management Inc.’s holdings in Merck & Co. were worth $93,056,000 at the end of the most recent quarter. Several other hedge funds also recently made changes to their positions in the stock. Exchange Capital Management Inc. boosted its stake in Merck & Co. by 2.1% in the fourth quarter. Exchange Capital Management Inc. now owns 73,292 shares of the company’s stock worth $4,315,000 after buying an additional 1,521 shares during the last quarter. Credit Agricole S A boosted its stake in Merck & Co. by 3.4% in the fourth quarter. Credit Agricole S A now owns 3,254,588 shares of the company’s stock worth $191,597,000 after buying an additional 107,556 shares during the last quarter. Nicholas Co. Inc. WI acquired a new stake in Merck & Co. during the fourth quarter worth about $28,102,000. Gideon Capital Advisors Inc. acquired a new stake in Merck & Co. during the fourth quarter worth about $283,000. Finally, Letko Brosseau & Associates Inc. boosted its stake in Merck & Co. by 6.3% in the fourth quarter. Letko Brosseau & Associates Inc. now owns 2,563,429 shares of the company’s stock worth $150,909,000 after buying an additional 151,225 shares during the last quarter. 74.10% of the stock is owned by institutional investors. Shares of Merck & Co., Inc. (NYSE:MRK) opened at 63.18 on Friday. Merck & Co., Inc. has a 12-month low of $52.44 and a 12-month high of $66.80. The stock has a 50 day moving average price of $64.99 and a 200 day moving average price of $62.42. The firm has a market cap of $173.47 billion, a P/E ratio of 44.81 and a beta of 0.79. Merck & Co. (NYSE:MRK) last posted its quarterly earnings data on Thursday, February 2nd. The company reported $0.89 EPS for the quarter, topping the Zacks’ consensus estimate of $0.89 by $0.00. The company had revenue of $10.10 billion for the quarter, compared to analyst estimates of $10.22 billion. Merck & Co. had a return on equity of 24.08% and a net margin of 14.30%. The firm’s quarterly revenue was down 1.0% on a year-over-year basis. During the same period in the previous year, the firm earned $0.93 earnings per share. On average, equities analysts expect that Merck & Co., Inc. will post $3.81 earnings per share for the current year. The firm also recently declared a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Friday, April 7th. Shareholders of record on Wednesday, March 15th will be paid a $0.47 dividend. This represents a $1.88 annualized dividend and a yield of 2.98%. The ex-dividend date is Monday, March 13th. Merck & Co.’s dividend payout ratio (DPR) is presently 92.61%. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION WARNING: “Edge Asset Management Inc. Has $93,056,000 Stake in Merck & Co., Inc. (MRK)” was reported by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are accessing this article on another publication, it was copied illegally and republished in violation of US and international copyright and trademark legislation. The legal version of this article can be viewed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/03/26/edge-asset-management-inc-has-93056000-stake-in-merck-co-inc-mrk.html. A number of research firms recently issued reports on MRK. Jefferies Group LLC reissued an “underperform” rating and set a $52.00 target price (up from $50.00) on shares of Merck & Co. in a research note on Saturday, March 11th. BMO Capital Markets reissued a “buy” rating and set a $70.00 target price on shares of Merck & Co. in a research note on Tuesday, March 21st. Vetr cut Merck & Co. from a “hold” rating to a “sell” rating and set a $57.17 target price for the company. in a research note on Wednesday, December 14th. Zacks Investment Research cut Merck & Co. from a “buy” rating to a “hold” rating in a research note on Wednesday, December 7th. Finally, Piper Jaffray Companies raised Merck & Co. from a “neutral” rating to an “overweight” rating and set a $72.00 target price for the company in a research note on Thursday, January 12th. One equities research analyst has rated the stock with a sell rating, seven have issued a hold rating and twelve have given a buy rating to the company. Merck & Co. presently has an average rating of “Buy” and an average target price of $67.72. In other Merck & Co. news, Director Thomas R. Cech sold 5,000 shares of the business’s stock in a transaction that occurred on Friday, February 3rd. The stock was sold at an average price of $63.42, for a total value of $317,100.00. Following the transaction, the director now directly owns 5,100 shares of the company’s stock, valued at $323,442. The sale was disclosed in a legal filing with the SEC, which is available through this link. Also, EVP Michael J. Holston sold 91,959 shares of the business’s stock in a transaction that occurred on Friday, February 3rd. The shares were sold at an average price of $63.96, for a total value of $5,881,697.64. Following the completion of the transaction, the executive vice president now directly owns 105,559 shares in the company, valued at $6,751,553.64. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Over the last three months, insiders sold 106,959 shares of company stock worth $6,843,448. Insiders own 0.05% of the company’s stock. About Merck & Co. Merck & Co, Inc is a global healthcare company. The Company offers health solutions through its prescription medicines, vaccines, biologic therapies and animal health products, which it markets directly and through its joint ventures. It operates through one segment, Pharmaceutical. The Company’s Pharmaceutical segment includes human health pharmaceutical and vaccine products marketed either directly by the Company or through joint ventures. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding MRK? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Merck & Co., Inc. (NYSE:MRK). Receive News & Ratings for Merck & Co. Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Merck & Co. Inc. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News President Trump Creating American Innovation Office Republicans in Senate Vote to Repeal Rules on Internet Privacy Sanctuary Cities Being Named by Trump Administration FBI Director Comey Testifying Monday on Russian Interference Conservative Site Only Media Outlet on Trip With Tillerson © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Editions Africa Australia France Global United Kingdom United States Sections Home Arts + Culture Economy + Business Education Environment + Energy Ethics + Religion Health + Medicine Politics + Society Science + Technology Search Services Newsletter Read on Play Newsstand Information Who we are Our charter Our team Partners and funders Contributing institutions Contact us Donate Friends of The Conversation Privacy policy Terms and conditions Corrections Edition: Available editions United States Africa Australia France Global United Kingdom Donate Become an author Sign up as a reader Sign in Get newsletter Search Academic rigor, journalistic flair Arts + Culture Economy + Business Education Environment + Energy Ethics + Religion Health + Medicine Politics + Society Science + Technology Follow Topics Free trade Unemployment Prescription drugs Subscribe Workspace Redefining the way we live and work Co-working is evolving to combine co-living March 27, 2017 1.21am EDT Libby Sander Author Libby Sander Libby Sander is a Friend of The Conversation. Lecturer, Bond Business School, Bond University Partners View all partners Republish this article Republish our articles for free, online or in print, under Creative Commons license. Co-working can be a refreshing change for many employees where the design of the workplace and the politics of their organisation means they are simply too tired. www.shutterstock.com Email Twitter Facebook LinkedIn WhatsApp Messenger Recent reports estimate that by 2020 1.55 billion workers will be responsible for work that does not confine them to a desk. Already, up to 80% of employees work at least one day a week out of the office. Co-working, where employees and the self-employed share workspace, ideas and knowledge, started in 2005 in San Francisco. Once the domain of techies working on start-ups, co-working spaces continue to evolve rapidly. In 2017 it is estimated over one million people will work from co-working spaces. In 2016, a single co-working company recorded a valuation of US$16 billion dollars, highlighting the growth of an industry that didn’t exist just over a decade ago. Users of co-working spaces often report feeling that they are part of a social movement. In co-working spaces, helping each other out, even those you have just met, is the norm. Indeed, the co-working movement prides itself on a set of core values, community, openness, collaboration, sustainability and accessibility. This can be a refreshing change for many employees where the design of the workplace and the politics of their organisation means they are simply too tired, stressed or distracted to help their colleagues. Globally, organisations such as Merck, GE and the Guardian newspaper are regularly using co-working spaces for their employees. Research shows that users report increases in learning, new networks and the benefits of working close to the users of their services or products. The promise of these anecdotal stories is now being supported in emerging research. In a study reported in Harvard Business Review, researchers from the University of Michigan found that users of co-working spaces experienced greater meaning from their work, and experienced thriving at work far more than their office based colleagues. Additionally, with many choosing to work from co-working spaces closer to home, commuting times and traffic congestion are reduced. Some research however indicates that the inherently social nature of co-working spaces may lead to similar issues experienced by regular office users such as distraction and lack of privacy. Another study found that the co-working space itself was not enough to encourage connections and collaboration, and that a space host may be necessary to catalyse these relationships. These changes to the way we work are bringing a focus on both the role of the stand alone workplace, and the design of cities. As co-working spaces evolve to meet the demand of workers for flexible, autonomous and creative work environments, broader changes are occurring in how we work and live. Co-working spaces offer the potential to address other challenges facing our future cities as they provide accessible space for individuals to work, attend learning events and become part of a like minded community. This is important given predictions regarding changes to the urban landscape. The Australian Bureau of Statistics predicts a 65% increase in the number of single person households in Australia. For Australia particularly, housing affordability continues to be a significant issue. As governments and cities grapple with ways to address these issues, new projects in the collaborative economy are showing promise in addressing a number of these issues. In London, the world’s largest co-living community opened its doors to 550 residents. While residents have their own units with bedroom, bathroom and kitchenette, the project offers all inclusive rent with access to a restaurant, co-working spaces, wifi, gym, cinema, spa, larger kitchens and dining rooms. Aside from convenience and flexibility, early indications suggest that co-living residents are attracted to the sense of community. While empirical research on co-living is yet to emerge, 96% of residents of co-housing communities report increased life satisfaction according to research. As similar projects are underway globally, research suggests this trend will increase as solutions are offered for adults at all life stages. Space Housing Employees co-working Office Previous post December 19, 2016 Should we bring back the office in 2017? Tweet Share Get newsletter Facts matter. Your tax-deductible donation helps deliver fact-based journalism. Make a donation Most popular on The Conversation Why losing a dog can be harder than losing a relative or friend How our morals might politically polarize just about anything How a Christian movement is growing rapidly in the midst of religious decline Stop obsessing over talent—everyone can sing Children understand far more about other minds than long believed A big pawprint: The environmental impact of pet food What’s behind phantom cellphone buzzes? How did celibacy become mandatory for priests? Six charts that illustrate the divide between rural and urban America Debunking the ‘gaydar’ myth Expert Database Find experts with knowledge in:* Want to write? Write an article and join a growing community of more than 48,100 academics and researchers from 1,990 institutions. Register now The Conversation Community Community standards Republishing guidelines Friends of The Conversation Research and Expert Database Our feeds Donate Company Who we are Our charter Our team Partners and funders Contributing institutions Resource for media Contact us Stay informed Subscribe to our Newsletters Email address ✔ Africa Australia France Global United Kingdom United States Follow us on social media Privacy policy Terms and conditions Corrections Copyright © 2010–2017, The Conversation US, Inc.
24/7 Wall St. - Insightful Analysis and Commentary for U.S. and Global Equity Investors Search this site Business Aerospace & Defense Autos Banking & Finance Commodities & Metals Consumer Products Energy Healthcare Industrials Infrastructure Media Retail Services Technology Apps & Software Consumer Electronics Telecom & Wireless Apple Inc. Facebook Google Investing Analyst Upgrades Bankruptcy Buffett Corporate Governance Corporate Performance Dividends and Buybacks Earnings ETFs and Mutual Funds International Markets IPOs and Secondaries Mergers and Acquisitions Personal Finance Rumors Value Investing Economy Energy Government Regulation Healthcare Housing Jobs Special Report Brands and Products Cities Countries States How Health Care Stocks Responded to the Shelved Health Care Bill By Chris Lange March 25, 2017 9:15 am EDT Print Email Tweet Despite touting himself as an incredible dealmaker and negotiater, Trump faced the biggest defeat of his presidency thus far when legislation to repeal the Affordable Care Act was pulled from a vote in the House of Representatives. This had long been a pillar of Trump’s campaign, but it seems that even he can’t get his own party behind him to back this deal. Investors had been waiting all week to see this vote, which originally was set for Thursday then postponed to Friday. And now there is no vote. For the time being, it seems that Obamacare will remain the law of the land. Many saw this vote as a barometer for how much leverage Trump has and how effective of a leader he can be. Some analysts have even speculated that if Trump can’t get backing to repeal the controversial Affordable Care Act, then reforming the tax code could be problematic as well. 24/7 Wall St. has taken a look at a few companies within the health care sector that might have seen a reaction from this vote, or lack thereof. The Health Care Select Sector SPDR ETF (NYSEMKT: XLV) closed relatively flat on Friday, but there were some companies that saw fallout. Shares of UnitedHealth Group Inc. (NYSE: UNH) closed Friday slightly lower at $165.00, with a consensus analyst price target of $185.05 and a 52-week trading range of $125.26 to $172.14. The stock was up 0.7% in the after-hours trading session. Aetna Inc. (NYSE: AET) shares closed Friday down 0.8% at $126.77. The stock has a 52-week range of $104.59 to $136.50 and a consensus price target of $139.00. Pfizer Inc. (NYSE: PFE) ended the day down 0.9% at $34.00, within a 52-week range of $29.41 to $37.39 and with a consensus price target of $38.00. Shares of Merck & Co. Inc. (NYSE: MRK) closed at $63.18. The consensus price target is $68.75, and the 52-week range is $52.44 to $66.80. Universal Health Services Inc. (NYSE: UHS) saw its shares drop 2.6% on Friday to end at $121.89. The consensus price target is $139.00, and the 52-week range is $99.72 to $139.77. Gilead Sciences Inc. (NASDAQ: GILD) shares ended the week at $67.51, barely higher on the day, and up a little more in the after-hours. The stock has a 52-week trading range of $65.38 to $103.10 and a consensus price target of $79.10. Shares of Cigna Corp. (NYSE: CI) closed down 2.3% at $145.82, with a consensus price target of $164.43 and a 52-week range of $115.03 to $154.83. The stock was down an additional 1.2% in Friday’s after-hours session. Anthem Inc. (NYSE: ANTM) closed Friday down 1.6% at $162.75. It has a 52-week range of $114.85 to $170.79 and a consensus price target of $177.69. I'm interested in the Newsletter Get Newsletter terms and conditions   By Chris Lange « New China Airliner Major Threat to Boeing Gannett Share Price Shows Doubts About New Tronc Bid » Read more: Healthcare Business, biotech, healthcare, pharmaceuticals, Aetna, Inc. (NYSE:AET), Cigna Corporation (NYSE:CI), Gilead Sciences (NASDAQ:GILD), Merck & Co., Inc. (NYSE:MRK), Pfizer (NYSE:PFE), Universal Health Services, Inc... (NYSE:UHS), UnitedHealth Group (NYSE:UNH) Free Daily Newsletter Subscribe Terms & Conditions Sponsors Popular The Drunkest (and Driest) Cities in America The World's 31 Mega-Cities The Best and Worst States to Grow Old The Safest States in America The Most Dangerous Cars in America Recent The Path for Apple Shares to Rocket to $200 Ahead How Facebook Is Getting Even More Political Morgan Stanley Cuts Price Targets on Natural Gas-Related Firms Why Catalyst Bio Nearly Tripled Get Quote for: Symbol Lookup Search Could Real-World Studies Boost These 3 Big Pharma Stocks' Prospects? Snap Stock Falls as Facebook, Inc. Launches More Copycat Snapchat Features The 3 Best Media Stocks to Buy in 2017 Nasdaq climbs 44 points, or 0.8%, to 5,885 WTI oil prices settle at highest level in about a week May WTI oil gains 64 cents, or 1.3%, to settle at $48.37/bbl McCormick (MKC) Q1 Earnings Beats, Revenues Miss Estimates Carnival (CCL) Beats on Q1 Earnings, Lifts FY17 Guidance Why Investors are Bailing Out of US Stock ETFs Wall Street jumps, fueled by strong consumer data Tesla deal boosts Chinese presence in U.S. auto tech GM rebuffs two-class share plan from Einhorn's Greenlight Capital Oil Prices End At Highest Level In About a Week Chesapeake Energy's Stock Rallies On Heavy Volume After Bullish Note From Wunderlich Analyst Why Are Shale Drillers Spending $25 Billion at the Mere Hint of an Oil-Price Increase? GOP Congressman Turns Science Committee Into Platform For His Own Anti-Science Views Fake Target Employee Stole $40,000 In Merchandise, Police Say Coal Executive Admits Donald Trump Can't Single-Handedly Save The Industry Home About Us Disclaimer and Terms of Use Privacy Policy Contact Us Advertise AOL-HuffPost Money & Finance ©2017 24/7 Wall St. | Powered by WordPress.com VIP
Education NewsSports News | E-Paper Sections Home Companies Industry Politics Money Opinion Lounge Consumer Elections 2017 More... MultimediaScienceEducationSportsSpecials People Results Management Start-ups Financial Services Manufacturing Retail Telecom Infotech Infrastructure Education World Reports Agriculture Marketinfo Mint 50 Mark to Market Markets Ask Mint Money Calculators Mediclaim Ratings Views Online Views Columns Quick Edit Blogs Lounge Business of Life Slideshows Videos Technology Videos Marketing Research Personal Tech Media Advertising Reclaiming safe public spaces 2017: New year, new beginnings The year of surprise Home » Politics Last Modified: Thu, Mar 23 2017. 05 30 PM IST Drugmakers to spend millions on TV ads to counter Donald Trump’s ‘murder’ charge In reference to overpricing by drugmakers, President Donald Trump had claimed that the companies are “getting away with murder” Subscribe to our newsletter. John McCormickJared S. Hopkins Pharmaceutical companies plan to spend high tens of millions of dollars every year on its campaign, including TV, radio and digital ads, as well as hosted events, says Robert Zirkelbach from Kantar Media’s CMAG. Photo: Bloomberg  Chicago/ New York: The top trade association for US drugmakers is spending more on television advertising than any other special-interest group, part of a multi-year campaign to repair the industry’s reputation and counter President Donald Trump’s claims that it’s “getting away with murder” on pricing. The Pharmaceutical Research and Manufacturers of America, commonly known as PhRMA, has already spent an estimated $8.6 million on broadcast television and cable ads in 2017, according to data from Kantar Media’s CMAG, which tracks issue ads. The pharmaceuticals group hadn’t bought any broadcast TV ads in at least five years. It now plans to spend “high tens of millions of dollars every year” on its campaign, including TV, radio and digital ads, as well as hosted events, said Robert Zirkelbach, its executive vice president for public affairs. By comparison, the top advertiser in the debate about repealing Obamacare—a coalition of health-care providers and advocates opposed to the law’s repeal—has spent less than a quarter of PhRMA’s total this year. PhRMA, which represents more than 50 member companies, is one of the most powerful interest groups in Washington. In 2016, it spent $20 million on lobbying, employing 21 internal lobbyists and 36 outside firms, Bloomberg Government data shows. Pharmaceutical manufacturers also gave almost $20 million to candidates for federal offices in the 2016 election cycle, according to the Center for Responsive Politics. Now, PhRMA is appealing directly to the public after being repeatedly battered last year by both Trump and Democrat Hillary Clinton for what the candidates called excessively high prices on life-saving drugs. Also Read| Donald Trump: Pharma industry is getting away with murder In January, Trump sent pharmaceutical stocks falling when he made his accusation about drug companies and “murder” nine days before his inauguration. As recently as Monday, at a rally in Kentucky, the president pledged to work to lower drug prices once the Affordable Care Act is repealed. “We knew correctly that no matter what the outcome during the election, these issues are going to continue to be areas of focus,” Zirkelbach said. “This is a national conversation that’s happening right now about medicines and their cost and value that they provide to patients and society.” So far this year, PhRMA’s two ads—one 30-seconds long and the other a minute -- have run almost 2,300 times nationally. The ads make no mention of drug prices. Instead, they focus on how the industry is investing in research, featuring images of a baby, an elderly man about to undergo surgery, scientists looking into microscopes and a digitized cancer cell being destroyed “thanks to medicine that didn’t exist until now.” The vast majority of the TV spots have run on national cable, although the group has also placed them on national network TV shows that typically cost more. The ads have run on NBC’s Saturday Night Live and Meet the Press; ABC’s Good Morning America and This Week with George Stephanopoulos;” and CBS’ Face the Nation and The Late Show With Stephen Colbert. John Rother, president of the National Coalition on Health Care and the leader of a separate group that campaigns against high drug prices, said congressional scrutiny and public protest over prices for drugs like EpiPen, a lifesaving allergy injection that enjoys a near monopoly, isn’t going to subside. “Each time you have a new outrage on a very high priced drug, there are senior members of Congress with considerable expertise who are looking at these things,” Rother said. “If I were PhMRA, I would definitely be worried.” Unlike many developed countries, the US doesn’t directly regulate medicine prices, and drug-makers have strongly resisted it. The industry has faced pressure for several years to reduce prices amid an outcry from members of Congress and customers. Some companies, including Allergan and Swiss giant Novartis AG, have responded with voluntary actions to cap annual price increases, while Johnson & Johnson and Merck & Co. have taken steps to increase transparency about pricing. Trump hasn’t provided many specifics on how to lower drug prices, although White House spokesman Sean Spicer said in February that the president supports drug price negotiations for Medicare, the program for the elderly is the nation’s biggest purchaser of health care. Also Read| Donald Trump calls drug pricing ‘astronomical’ and promises changes At the Kentucky rally on Monday, Trump said “we are also going to work on bringing down the cost of medicine by having a fair and competitive bidding process,” adding that “somebody’s getting very rich” from the current pricing system. “Medicine prices will be coming way down, way, way, way down -- and that’s going to happen fast,” he said. Despite his rhetoric, Trump won’t be overly hostile to drugmakers because he won’t want them to send more jobs outside the US, said W.J. “Billy” Tauzin, who led PhRMA from 2005 through part of 2010 after serving as both a Democratic and Republican congressman from Louisiana. Still, Tauzin said, the highly publicized incidents of dramatic price increases have spurred the need for the public relations campaign. “That’s the picture people have now of the industry is bad players like that,” he said. “So, I suspect, what they’re trying to do is remind people that there are a lot of good players out there who are trying to do the right thing, trying to spend enormous sums to find cures.” Bloomberg John McCormickJared S. Hopkins Topics: Donald Trump drugmakers murder charge TV advertising drug pricing More From Livemint READ MORE Limerick: On the HUL-Amul battle Why less is more Leading out for new growth First Published: Thu, Mar 23 2017. 05 00 PM IST Editor's Picks Airtel sells 10.3% stake in Bharti Infratel to KKR, Canada’s CPPIB, others Snapdeal’s woes show e-commerce isn’t doing enough Ola pilot project: Electric cabs across major cities in three months Latest News Limerick: On the HUL-Amul battle Why less is more Leading out for new growth The changing attitudes towards corporate social responsibility Congress to call for more time for discussing GST bills in Lok Sabha Mint On Sunday When songs from rural grind mills make it online Musings from the IISc Open Day: Bringing science to the masses How to get rich like Warren Buffett Secrets from the highest-grossing restaurant in New York Letter from... a biennale TOP GAINERSTOP MUTUAL FUNDSMOST ACTIVE VALUE AND VOLUME Home Companies Opinion Industry Politics Consumer Lounge Multimedia Money Sitemap Subscribe Contact Us Mint Code Privacy policy Terms of Use Advertising Mint Apps About Us Syndication Mint on Sunday RSS Hindustan Times Desimartini Copyright © 2017 HT Media Ltd. All Rights Reserved Close Home Companies Industry Politics Money Opinion Lounge Elections 2017 Multimedia Consumer Science Education Sports Specials Close
