Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 24 March 2017 by Military News FDA Grants Approval for BAVENCIO® (avelumab) EMD Serono, the biopharmaceutical business of Merck KGaA, Darmstadt, Germany, in the US and Canada, and Pfizer Inc. (NYSE: PFE) today announce that the US Food and Drug Administration (FDA) has approved BAVENCIO® (avelumab) Injection 20 mg/mL, for intravenous use.  The full prescribing information for BAVENCIO will be available at www.BAVENCIO.com. EMD Serono and Pfizer will provide additional details on the approval in a press release to follow. Alliance between Merck KGaA, Darmstadt, Germany, and Pfizer Inc., New York, US  Immuno-oncology is a top priority for Merck KGaA, Darmstadt, Germany, and Pfizer Inc. The global strategic alliance between Merck KGaA, Darmstadt, Germany, and Pfizer Inc., New York, US, enables the companies to benefit from each other’s strengths and capabilities and further explore the therapeutic potential of avelumab, an anti-PD-L1 antibody initially discovered and developed by Merck KGaA, Darmstadt, Germany. The immuno-oncology alliance will jointly develop and commercialize avelumab and advance Pfizer’s PD-1 antibody. The alliance is focused on developing high-priority international clinical programs to investigate avelumab as a monotherapy, as well as in combination regimens, and is striving to find new ways to treat cancer. About EMD Serono, Inc.  EMD Serono is the biopharmaceutical business of Merck KGaA, Darmstadt, Germany – a leading science and technology company – in the US and Canada, focused exclusively on specialty care. For more than 40 years, the business has integrated cutting-edge science, innovative products and industry-leading patient support and access programs. EMD Serono has deep expertise in neurology, fertility and endocrinology, as well as a robust pipeline of potential therapies in oncology, immuno-oncology and immunology as R&D focus areas. Today, the business has 1,200 employees around the country with commercial, clinical and research operations based in the company’s home state of Massachusetts. www.emdserono.com About Merck KGaA, Darmstadt, Germany  All Merck KGaA, Darmstadt, Germany Press Releases are distributed by e-mail at the same time they become available on the Merck KGaA, Darmstadt, Germany Website. Please go to www.emdgroup.com/subscribe to register online, change your selection or discontinue this service.  Merck KGaA, Darmstadt, Germany, is a leading science and technology company in healthcare, life science and performance materials. Around 50,000 employees work to further develop technologies that improve and enhance life – from biopharmaceutical therapies to treat cancer or multiple sclerosis, cutting-edge systems for scientific research and production, to liquid crystals for smartphones and LCD televisions. In 2016, Merck KGaA, Darmstadt, Germany, generated sales of € 15.0 billion in 66 countries. Founded in 1668, Merck KGaA, Darmstadt, Germany, is the world’s oldest pharmaceutical and chemical company. The founding family remains the majority owner of the publicly listed corporate group. Merck KGaA, Darmstadt, Germany, holds the global rights to the “Merck“ name and brand except in the United States and Canada, where the company operates as EMD Serono, MilliporeSigma and EMD Performance Materials. Pfizer Inc.: Working together for a healthier world® At Pfizer, we apply science and our global resources to bring therapies to people that extend and significantly improve their lives. We strive to set the standard for quality, safety and value in the discovery, development and manufacture of health care products. Our global portfolio includes medicines and vaccines as well as many of the world’s best-known consumer health care products. Every day, Pfizer colleagues work across developed and emerging markets to advance wellness, prevention, treatments and cures that challenge the most feared diseases of our time. Consistent with our responsibility as one of the world’s premier innovative biopharmaceutical companies, we collaborate with health care providers, governments and local communities to support and expand access to reliable, affordable health care around the world. For more than 150 years, we have worked to make a difference for all who rely on us. We routinely post information that may be important to investors on our website at www.pfizer.com.  In addition, to learn more, please visit us on www.pfizer.com and follow us on Twitter at @Pfizer and @PfizerNews, LinkedIn, YouTube and like us on Facebook at Facebook.com/Pfizer. Pfizer Disclosure Notice The information contained in this release is as of March 23, 2017. Pfizer assumes no obligation to update forward-looking statements contained in this release as the result of new information or future events or developments. This release contains forward-looking information about BAVENCIO (avelumab), including an indication in the US for BAVENCIO for the treatment of metastatic Merkel cell carcinoma (the Indication), Pfizer’s and Merck KGaA, Darmstadt, Germany’s immuno-oncology alliance involving anti-PD-L1 and anti-PD-1 therapies, and clinical development plans, including their potential benefits, that involves substantial risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed or implied by such statements. Risks and uncertainties include, among other things, uncertainties regarding the commercial success of BAVENCIO; the uncertainties inherent in research and development, including the ability to meet anticipated clinical study commencement and completion dates and regulatory submission dates, as well as the possibility of unfavorable study results, including unfavorable new clinical data and additional analyses of existing clinical data; risks associated with interim data; the risk that clinical trial data are subject to differing interpretations, and, even when we view data as sufficient to support the safety and/or effectiveness of a product candidate, regulatory authorities may not share our views and may require additional data or may deny approval altogether; whether and when drug applications may be filed in any other jurisdictions for the Indication or in any jurisdictions for any other potential indications for BAVENCIO, combination therapies or other product candidates; whether and when any such applications (including the pending application for the Indication in the EU) may be approved by regulatory authorities, which will depend on the assessment by such regulatory authorities of the benefit-risk profile suggested by the totality of the efficacy and safety information submitted; decisions by regulatory authorities regarding labeling and other matters that could affect the availability or commercial potential of BAVENCIO, combination therapies or other product candidates; and competitive developments. A further description of risks and uncertainties can be found in Pfizer’s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2016, and in its subsequent reports on Form 10-Q, including in the sections thereof captioned “Risk Factors” and “Forward-Looking Information and Factors That May Affect Future Results”, as well as in its subsequent reports on Form 8-K, all of which are filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission and available at www.sec.gov and www.pfizer.com. CategoriesUncategorized Tagsadvance, Business, commission, Companies, company, Food and Beverage, Health, Home and Garden, Industry, Markets, post, Science, service, Technology, Uncategorized, World Post navigation Previous PostPrevious SHAREHOLDER ALERT: Faruqi & Faruqi, LLP Reminds Investors In Stemline Therapeutics, Inc. Of Imminent Lead Plaintiff Deadline Next PostNext Remarks at Annual Leaders’ Talks with His Excellency Li Keqiang, Premier of the State Council of the People’s Republic of China Search Recent Posts Oil Insurance Limited (OIL) déclare un dividende de 250 millions USD et apporte des modifications mineures à son plan de notation et de primes Intermittent Catheters Market Planning To Make The Most Of The Cost-Effectiveness Provided By Hydrophilic Coated Models – MarketIntelReports The First Group Showcases Unparalleled Opportunities in Dubai’s Booming Property Sector to Chinese Investors The First Group向中国投资者展示迪拜繁荣房地产市场无与伦比的机遇 Cardiopulmonary Autotransfusion System Market Pleased With Sorin’s Launch Of High-Performance XTRA Model – MarketIntelReports Business Contacts Business Directory Proudly powered by WordPress
Join us! Sign up for our free daily email news briefing and to read articles for free! Login via Facebook / Google Facebook Login Google Login or register with FriedlNews or sign in (if you are already subscribed) or close Your information will never be shared with any third parties and you can unsubscribe at any time. Sign In Free Registration Subscriptions FAQ RSS Follow @FriedlNews March 26, 2017 All times are Vienna time Term ISIN Search Home Bilateral Relations Companies Business Markets Politics Diplomacy People Life & Culture More EU U.S. U.K. Germany France China Japan Italy Western Europe Eastern Europe Russia & CIS Asia Middle East & Africa The Americas Finance Energy Industrials Transport Retail & Consumer Health & Pharmaceuticals Technology Media & Telecoms Professional Services Other Economy Earnings Justice Policies Foreign Trade Insolvencies Doing Business in Austria Austrian Stocks Austrian Bonds Deals Commodities Currencies Real Estate Labor Market Investing in Austria EU Politics International Politics Domestic Politics Government Agencies Embassies & Consulates International Organizations Tourism & Travel Culture Expats Comment Belgium Cyprus Denmark Finland Greece Iceland Ireland Liechtenstein Luxembourg Malta Monaco Norway Portugal Scotland Spain Sweden Switzerland The Netherlands Albania Baltic States Bosnia & Herzegovina Bulgaria Croatia Czech Rep. Estonia Georgia Hungary Kosovo Latvia Lithuania Macedonia Montenegro Poland Romania Serbia Slovakia Slovenia Ukraine Western Balkans Russia Armenia Azerbaijan Belarus Kazakhstan Kyrgyzstan Moldova Uzbekistan Australia Hong Kong India Indonesia Malaysia New Zealand Pakistan Philippines Singapore South Korea Thailand Vietnam Algeria Angola Egypt Iran Israel Libya Mauritius Nigeria Oman Saudi Arabia South Africa Syria The Congo Tunisia Turkey United Arab Emirates Zimbabwe Bolivia Brazil Canada Chile Colombia Cuba Mexico Panama Banks Financial Services Property Insurance Energy Source Mining Oil & Gas Utilities Renewables Construction Automotive Industrial Goods Basic Resources Chemicals Airlines & Airports Shipping Rail Road Latest News EU RBI Hypo Group/Heta Erste Group OMV Telekom Austria Banking Energy Ratings Earnings UN OSCE Press Wire FriedlNews Study Transportation Services in Eastern Europe Article Tools Tweet FDA Grants Approval for BAVENCIO® (avelumab), the First Immunotherapy Approved for Metastatic Merkel Cell Carcinoma Published: March 23, 2017; 22:33 · (FriedlNews) Not intended for UKbased media - Only FDA-approved treatment for metastatic Merkel cell carcinoma, a rare and aggressive skin cancer - First indication for BAVENCIO, a human anti-PD-L1 antibody Merck and Pfizer Inc. (NYSE: PFE) today announced that the US Food and Drug Administration (FDA) has approved BAVENCIO® (avelumab) Injection 20 mg/mL, for intravenous use, for the treatment of adults and pediatric patients 12 years and older with metastatic Merkel cell carcinoma (mMCC). This indication is approved under accelerated approval based on tumor response and duration of response. Continued approval for this indication may be contingent upon verification and description of clinical benefit in confirmatory trials.[1] BAVENCIO will be co-commercialized by EMD Serono, the biopharmaceutical business of Merck in the US and Canada, and Pfizer. BAVENCIO was developed, reviewed and approved through the FDA's Breakthrough Therapy Designation and Priority Review programs. BAVENCIO, a human anti-PD-L1 antibody, is the first FDA-approved therapy for patients with mMCC.[2] Metastatic MCC is a rare and aggressive skin cancer, with fewer than half of patients surviving more than one year and fewer than 20% surviving beyond five years.[3] "At the heart of this FDA approval is our drive to make a meaningful difference for patients with hard-to-treat cancers like metastatic Merkel cell carcinoma," said Belén Garijo, CEO Healthcare and Member of the Executive Board of Merck. "BAVENCIO's journey has included years of hard work - from the scientists who discovered this molecule in our labs, to our alliance with Pfizer and to the study participants and investigators worldwide. We are grateful to all who have made it possible for us to bring this important new treatment option to patients." "Today is a significant milestone for people fighting metastatic Merkel cell carcinoma, who until now have not had any options beyond chemotherapy," said Albert Bourla, Group President, Pfizer Innovative Health. "This approval demonstrates the power of collaboration to accelerate meaningful new choices for cancer patients." "Merkel cell carcinoma is rarer than some of the more well-known skin cancers, however, it's very aggressive and the proportion of people who die from MCC is much higher than that of people with melanoma," said Deborah S. Sarnoff, MD, President of the Skin Cancer Foundation. "With this approval, I believe there is new hope for people and their families touched by this rare form of skin cancer." The efficacy and safety of BAVENCIO was demonstrated in the JAVELIN Merkel 200 trial, an open-label, single-arm, multi-center study conducted in 88 patients with histologically confirmed metastatic MCC whose disease had progressed on or after chemotherapy administered for distant metastatic disease. Sixty-five percent of patients were reported to have had one prior anti-cancer therapy for metastatic MCC and 35% had two or more prior therapies. The major efficacy outcome measures were confirmed overall response rate (ORR) according to Response Evaluation Criteria in Solid Tumors (RECIST) v1.1 as assessed by a blinded independent central review committee (IRC) and IRC-assessed duration of response. The overall response rate (ORR) was 33% (95% confidence interval [CI]: 23.3-43.8%).[1] Eleven percent of patients experienced a complete response (95% CI: 6.6-19.9%) and 22% of patients experienced a partial response (95% CI: 13.5-31.7%). Tumor responses were durable, with 86% of responses lasting for at least six months (n=25).[1] Forty-five percent of responses lasted at least 12 months (n=13).[1] Duration of response ranged from 2.8 to over 23.3 months. The warnings and precautions for BAVENCIO include immune-mediated adverse reactions (such as pneumonitis, hepatitis, colitis, endocrinopathies, nephritis and renal dysfunction, and other adverse reactions), infusion-related reactions and embryo-fetal toxicity. The most common adverse reactions (reported in at least 20% of patients) included fatigue (50%), musculoskeletal pain (32%), diarrhea (23%), nausea (22%), infusion-related reactions (22%), rash (22%), decreased appetite (20%) and peripheral edema (20%).[1] For more information, please see Important Safety Information for BAVENCIO below. BAVENCIO is designed to potentially engage both the adaptive and innate immune systems. By binding to PD-L1, BAVENCIO is thought to prevent tumor cells from using PD-L1 for protection against white blood cells, such as T-cells, exposing them to anti-tumor responses.[1] BAVENCIO has been shown to induce antibody-dependent cell-mediated cytotoxicity (ADCC) in vitro.[1] BAVENCIO is available for order now in the US. The alliance is committed to providing industry-leading patient access and reimbursement support through its CoverOne(TM) program in the US. This program provides a spectrum of patient access and reimbursement support services intended to help patients receive appropriate access to BAVENCIO in the United States. About JAVELIN Merkel 200 The efficacy and safety of BAVENCIO was demonstrated in the JAVELIN Merkel 200 trial, an open-label, single-arm, multi-center study conducted in 88 patients with histologically confirmed metastatic MCC whose disease had progressed on or after chemotherapy administered for distant metastatic disease. Sixty-five percent of patients were reported to have had one prior anti-cancer therapy for metastatic MCC and 35% had two or more prior therapies. The major efficacy outcome measures were confirmed overall response rate (ORR) according to Response Evaluation Criteria in Solid Tumors (RECIST) v1.1 as assessed by a blinded independent central review committee (IRC) and IRC-assessed duration of response. The trial excluded patients with autoimmune disease; medical conditions requiring systemic immunosuppression; prior organ or allogenic stem cell transplantation; prior treatment with anti-PD-1, anti-PD-L1 or anti-CTLA-4 antibodies; CNS metastases; infection with HIV, hepatitis B or hepatitis C; or ECOG performance score greater than or equal to two. Patients received BAVENCIO 10 mg/kg as an intravenous infusion over 60 minutes every two weeks until disease progression or unacceptable toxicity. The international clinical development program for avelumab, known as JAVELIN, involves at least 30 clinical programs, including nine Phase III trials, and more than 4,000 patients across more than 15 tumor types. In October 2016, the alliance announced the European Medicines Agency accepted the Marketing Authorisation Application for avelumab for the proposed indication of metastatic MCC. IMPORTANT SAFETY INFORMATION and INDICATION BAVENCIO can cause immune-mediated pneumonitis, including fatal cases. Monitor patients for signs and symptoms of pneumonitis and evaluate suspected cases with radiographic imaging. Administer corticosteroids for Grade 2 or greater pneumonitis. Withhold BAVENCIO for moderate (Grade 2) and permanently discontinue for severe (Grade 3), life-threatening (Grade 4), or recurrent moderate (Grade 2) pneumonitis. Pneumonitis occurred in 1.2% (21/1738) of patients, including one (0.1%) patient with Grade 5, one (0.1%) with Grade 4, and five (0.3%) with Grade 3. BAVENCIO can cause immune-mediated hepatitis, including fatal cases. Monitor patients for abnormal liver tests prior to and periodically during treatment. Administer corticosteroids for Grade 2 or greater hepatitis. Withhold BAVENCIO for moderate (Grade 2) immune-mediated hepatitis until resolution and permanently discontinue for severe (Grade 3) or life-threatening (Grade 4) immune-mediated hepatitis. Immune-mediated hepatitis was reported in 0.9% (16/1738) of patients, including two (0.1%) patients with Grade 5 and 11 (0.6 %) with Grade 3. BAVENCIO can cause immune-mediated colitis. Monitor patients for signs and symptoms of colitis. Administer corticosteroids for Grade 2 or greater colitis. Withhold BAVENCIO until resolution for moderate or severe (Grade 2 or 3) colitis and permanently discontinue for life-threatening (Grade 4) or recurrent Grade 3 colitis upon re-initiation of BAVENCIO. Immune-mediated colitis occurred in 1.5% (26/1738) of patients, including seven (0.4%) with Grade 3. BAVENCIO can cause immune-mediated endocrinopathies, including adrenal insufficiency, thyroid disorders, and type 1 diabetes mellitus. Monitor patients for signs and symptoms of adrenal insufficiency during and after treatment and administer corticosteroids as appropriate. Withhold BAVENCIO for severe (Grade 3) or life-threatening (Grade 4) adrenal insufficiency. Adrenal insufficiency was reported in 0.5% (8/1738) of patients, including one (0.1%) with Grade 3. Thyroid disorders can occur at any time during treatment. Monitor patients for changes in thyroid function at the start of treatment, periodically during treatment, and as indicated based on clinical evaluation. Manage hypothyroidism with hormone replacement therapy and hyperthyroidism with medical management. Withhold BAVENCIO for severe (Grade 3) or life threatening (Grade 4) thyroid disorders. Thyroid disorders including hypothyroidism, hyperthyroidism, and thyroiditis were reported in 6% (98/1738) of patients, including three (0.2%) with Grade 3. Type 1 diabetes mellitus, including diabetic ketoacidosis: Monitor patients for hyperglycemia or other signs and symptoms of diabetes. Withhold BAVENCIO and administer antihyperglycemics or insulin in patients with severe or life-threatening (Grade 3 or greater) hyperglycemia and resume treatment when metabolic control is achieved. Type 1 diabetes mellitus without an alternative etiology occurred in 0.1% (2/1738) of patients, including two cases of Grade 3 hyperglycemia. BAVENCIO can cause immune-mediated nephritis and renal dysfunction. Monitor patients for elevated serum creatinine prior to and periodically during treatment. Administer corticosteroids for Grade 2 or greater nephritis. Withhold BAVENCIO for moderate (Grade 2) or severe (Grade 3) nephritis until resolution to Grade 1 or lower. Permanently discontinue BAVENCIO for life-threatening (Grade 4) nephritis. Immune-mediated nephritis occurred in 0.1% (1/1738) of patients. BAVENCIO can result in other severe and fatal immune-mediated adverse reactions involving any organ system during treatment or after treatment discontinuation. For suspected immune-mediated adverse reactions evaluate to confirm or rule out an immune-mediated adverse reaction and to exclude other causes. Depending on the severity of the adverse reaction, withhold or permanently discontinue BAVENCIO, administer high dose corticosteroids, and initiate hormone replacement therapy if appropriate. Resume BAVENCIO when the immune-mediated adverse reaction remains at Grade 1 or lower following a corticosteroid taper. Permanently discontinue BAVENCIO for any severe (Grade 3) immune-mediated adverse reaction that recurs and for any life-threatening (Grade 4) immune-mediated adverse reaction. The following clinically significant immune-mediated adverse reactions occurred in less than 1% of 1738 patients treated with BAVENCIO: myocarditis with fatal cases, myositis, psoriasis, arthritis, exfoliative dermatitis, erythema multiforme, pemphigoid, hypopituitarism, uveitis, Guillain-Barré syndrome, and systemic inflammatory response. BAVENCIO can cause severe (Grade 3) or life-threatening (Grade 4) infusion-related reactions. Patients should be premedicated with an antihistamine and acetaminophen prior to the first 4 infusions and for subsequent doses based upon clinical judgment and presence/severity of prior infusion reactions. Monitor patients for signs and symptoms of infusion-related reactions, including pyrexia, chills, flushing, hypotension, dyspnea, wheezing, back pain, abdominal pain, and urticaria. Interrupt or slow the rate of infusion for mild (Grade 1) or moderate (Grade 2) infusion-related reactions. Permanently discontinue BAVENCIO for severe (Grade 3) or life-threatening (Grade 4) infusion-related reactions. Infusion-related reactions occurred in 25% (439/1738) of patients, including three (0.2%) patients with Grade 4 and nine (0.5%) with Grade 3. BAVENCIO can cause fetal harm when administered to a pregnant woman. Advise patients of the potential risk to a fetus including the risk of fetal death. Advise females of childbearing potential to use effective contraception during treatment with BAVENCIO and for at least one month after the last dose of BAVENCIO. It is not known whether BAVENCIO is excreted in human milk. Advise a lactating woman not to breastfeed during treatment and for at least one month after the last dose of BAVENCIO due to the potential for serious adverse reactions in breastfed infants. The most common adverse reactions (all grades, greater than or equal to 20%) in patients with metastatic MCC were fatigue (50%), musculoskeletal pain (32%), diarrhea (23%), nausea (22%), infusion-related reactions (22%), rash (22%), decreased appetite (20%), and peripheral edema (20%). The most common adverse reaction requiring dose interruption was anemia. Selected treatment-emergent laboratory abnormalities (all grades, greater than or equal to 20%) in patients with metastatic MCC were lymphopenia (49%), anemia (35%), increased aspartate aminotransferase (34%), thrombocytopenia (27%). and increased alanine aminotransferase (20%). Selected treatment-emergent Grade 3-4 laboratory abnormalities (greater than or equal to 2%) were lymphopenia (19%), anemia (9%), hyperglycemia (7%), increased alanine aminotransferase (5%), and increased lipase (4%). INDICATION BAVENCIO is indicated for the treatment of adults and pediatric patients 12 years and older with metastatic Merkel cell carcinoma (MCC). This indication is approved under accelerated approval based on tumor response and duration of response. Continued approval for this indication may be contingent upon verification and description of clinical benefit in confirmatory trials. About BAVENCIO® (avelumab) BAVENCIO is a human programmed death ligand-1 (PD-L1) blocking antibody indicated in the US for the treatment of adults and pediatric patients 12 years of age and older with metastatic Merkel cell carcinoma. [1] This indication is approved under accelerated approval based on tumor response and duration of response. Continued approval for this indication may be contingent upon verification and description of clinical benefit in confirmatory trials. BAVENCIO is not approved in any market outside the US. About Merck-Pfizer Alliance Immuno-oncology is a top priority for Merck and Pfizer Inc. The global strategic alliance between Merck and Pfizer enables the companies to benefit from each other's strengths and capabilities and further explore the therapeutic potential of avelumab, an anti-PD-L1 antibody initially discovered and developed by Merck. The immuno-oncology alliance will jointly develop and commercialize avelumab and advance Pfizer's PD-1 antibody. The alliance is focused on developing high-priority international clinical programs to investigate avelumab as a monotherapy, as well as in combination regimens, and is striving to find new ways to treat cancer. About EMD Serono, Inc. EMD Serono is the biopharmaceutical business of Merck - a leading science and technology company - in the US and Canada, focused exclusively on specialty care. For more than 40 years, the business has integrated cutting-edge science, innovative products and industry-leading patient support and access programs. EMD Serono has deep expertise in neurology, fertility and endocrinology, as well as a robust pipeline of potential therapies in oncology, immuno-oncology and immunology as R&D focus areas. Today, the business has 1,200 employees around the country with commercial, clinical and research operations based in the company's home state of Massachusetts. https://www.emdserono.com All Merck Press Releases are distributed by e-mail at the same time they become available on the Merck Website. Please go to https://www.merckgroup.com/subscribe to register online, change your selection or discontinue this service. For further details and press materials about Merck in oncology please visit https://www.merckgroup.com/en/media/media_center_oncology.html About Merck Merck is a leading science and technology company in healthcare, life science and performance materials. Around 50,000 employees work to further develop technologies that improve and enhance life - from biopharmaceutical therapies to treat cancer or multiple sclerosis, cutting-edge systems for scientific research and production, to liquid crystals for smartphones and LCD televisions. In 2016, Merck generated sales of EUR 15.0 billion in 66 countries. Founded in 1668, Merck is the world's oldest pharmaceutical and chemical company. The founding family remains the majority owner of the publicly listed corporate group. Merck, Darmstadt, Germany holds the global rights to the "Merck" name and brand except in the United States and Canada, where the company operates as EMD Serono, MilliporeSigma and EMD Performance Materials. About Pfizer Inc.: Working together for a healthier world® At Pfizer, we apply science and our global resources to bring therapies to people that extend and significantly improve their lives. We strive to set the standard for quality, safety and value in the discovery, development and manufacture of health care products. Our global portfolio includes medicines and vaccines as well as many of the world's best-known consumer health care products. Every day, Pfizer colleagues work across developed and emerging markets to advance wellness, prevention, treatments and cures that challenge the most feared diseases of our time. Consistent with our responsibility as one of the world's premier innovative biopharmaceutical companies, we collaborate with health care providers, governments and local communities to support and expand access to reliable, affordable health care around the world. For more than 150 years, we have worked to make a difference for all who rely on us. We routinely post information that may be important to investors on our website at www.pfizer.com. In addition, to learn more, please visit us on www.pfizer.com and follow us on Twitter at @Pfizer and @PfizerNews, LinkedIn, YouTube and like us on Facebook at Facebook.com/Pfizer. Pfizer Disclosure Notice The information contained in this release is as of March 23, 2017. Pfizer assumes no obligation to update forward-looking statements contained in this release as the result of new information or future events or developments. This release contains forward-looking information about BAVENCIO (avelumab), including an indication in the US for BAVENCIO for the treatment of metastatic Merkel cell carcinoma (the Indication), Pfizer's and Merck's immuno-oncology alliance involving anti-PD-L1 and anti-PD-1 therapies, and clinical development plans, including their potential benefits, that involves substantial risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed or implied by such statements. Risks and uncertainties include, among other things, uncertainties regarding the commercial success of BAVENCIO; the uncertainties inherent in research and development, including the ability to meet anticipated clinical study commencement and completion dates and regulatory submission dates, as well as the possibility of unfavorable study results, including unfavorable new clinical data and additional analyses of existing clinical data; risks associated with interim data; the risk that clinical trial data are subject to differing interpretations, and, even when we view data as sufficient to support the safety and/or effectiveness of a product candidate, regulatory authorities may not share our views and may require additional data or may deny approval altogether; whether and when drug applications may be filed in any other jurisdictions for the Indication or in any jurisdictions for any other potential indications for BAVENCIO, combination therapies or other product candidates; whether and when any such applications (including the pending application for the Indication in the EU) may be approved by regulatory authorities, which will depend on the assessment by such regulatory authorities of the benefit-risk profile suggested by the totality of the efficacy and safety information submitted; decisions by regulatory authorities regarding labeling and other matters that could affect the availability or commercial potential of BAVENCIO, combination therapies or other product candidates; and competitive developments. A further description of risks and uncertainties can be found in Pfizer's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2016, and in its subsequent reports on Form 10-Q, including in the sections thereof captioned "Risk Factors" and "Forward-Looking Information and Factors That May Affect Future Results", as well as in its subsequent reports on Form 8-K, all of which are filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission and available at http://www.sec.gov and http://www.pfizer.com. References 1. BAVENCIO Prescribing Information. Rockland, MA: EMD Serono Inc.; 2017. 2. National Institutes of Health, U.S. National Library of Medicine, Daily Med. Available at https://dailymed.nlm.nih.gov/dailymed/advanced-search.cfm. Accessed March 22, 2017. 3. Lemos B, Storer B, Iyer J, et al. Pathologic Nodal Evaluation Improves Prognostic Accuracy in Merkel Cell Carcinoma: Analysis of 5,823 Cases as the Basis of the First Consensus Staging System for this Cancer. Journal of the American Academy of Dermatology. 2010;63(5):751-761. (Logo: http://mma.prnewswire.com/media/477505/Bavencio_Logo.jpg ) (Logo: http://mma.prnewswire.com/media/477506/Merck_Pfizer_Logo.jpg ) Rückfragehinweis: Merck Media Gangolf Schrimpf +49 6151 72 9591 Investor Relations +49 6151 72 3321. Pfizer Media (US) Sally Beatty +1 212 733 6566 Media (EU) Lisa O'Neill +44 1737 331536. Investor Relations Ryan Crowe +1 212 733 8160 Digital press kit: http://www.ots.at/pressemappe/PR116621/aom ***ORIGINAL APA-OTS TEXT - THE INFORMATION CONTAINED IN THIS PRESS RELEASE IS SUBJECT TO THE EXCLUSIVE RESPONSIBILITY OF THE ISSUER*** OTE0007 2017-03-23/22:33 (C) Copyright APA-OTS Originaltext-Service GmbH and the respective issuer. Copyright © Friedl Business Information GmbH. You may share using our article tools. Please don't cut articles from FriedlNews and redistribute by email or post to the web. Fast News Search Read More Medizin, Gesundheit, Pharma, Technologie, International, Wissenschaft, Forschung, Wirtschaft und Finanzen, Branchen, Chemie ©1995-2017 Friedl Business Information Contact Press Careers About Us Terms & Conditions Site Security Privacy Sitemap Blogs Advertise Partner
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 23 March 2017 by Military News FDA Grants Approval for BAVENCIO® (avelumab), the First Immunotherapy Approved for Metastatic Merkel Cell Carcinoma - Only FDA-approved treatment for metastatic Merkel cell carcinoma, a rare and aggressive skin cancer- First indication for BAVENCIO, a human anti-PD-L1 antibody ROCKLAND, Mass. and NEW YORK, March 23, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- EMD Serono, the biopharmaceutical business of Merck KGaA, Darmstadt, Germany in the US and Canada, and Pfizer Inc. (NYSE: PFE) today announced that the US Food and Drug Administration (FDA) has approved BAVENCIO® (avelumab) Injection 20 mg/mL, for intravenous use, for the treatment of adults and pediatric patients 12 years and older with metastatic Merkel cell carcinoma (mMCC). This indication is approved under accelerated approval based on tumor response and duration of response. Continued approval for this indication may be contingent upon verification and description of clinical benefit in confirmatory trials.1 BAVENCIO was developed, reviewed and approved through the FDA's Breakthrough Therapy Designation and Priority Review programs. Experience the interactive Multimedia News Release here: https://www.multivu.com/players/English/8058251-emd-serono-pfizer-bavencio-fda-approval/ BAVENCIO, a human anti-PD-L1 antibody, is the first FDA-approved therapy for patients with mMCC.2 Metastatic MCC is a rare and aggressive skin cancer, with fewer than half of patients surviving more than one year and fewer than 20% surviving beyond five years.3 "At the heart of this FDA approval is our drive to make a meaningful difference for patients with hard-to-treat cancers like metastatic Merkel cell carcinoma," said Belén Garijo, CEO Healthcare and Member of the Executive Board of Merck KGaA, Darmstadt, Germany. "BAVENCIO's journey has included years of hard work – from the scientists who discovered this molecule in our labs, to our alliance with Pfizer and to the study participants and investigators worldwide. We are grateful to all who have made it possible for us to bring this important new treatment option to patients." "Today is a significant milestone for people fighting metastatic Merkel cell carcinoma, who until now have not had any options beyond chemotherapy," said Albert Bourla, Group President, Pfizer Innovative Health. "This approval demonstrates the power of collaboration to accelerate meaningful new choices for cancer patients." "Merkel cell carcinoma is rarer than some of the more well-known skin cancers, however, it's very aggressive and the proportion of people who die from MCC is much higher than that of people with melanoma," said Deborah S. Sarnoff, MD, President of the Skin Cancer Foundation. "With this approval, I believe there is new hope for people and their families touched by this rare form of skin cancer." The efficacy and safety of BAVENCIO was demonstrated in the JAVELIN Merkel 200 trial, an open-label, single-arm, multi-center study conducted in 88 patients with histologically confirmed metastatic MCC whose disease had progressed on or after chemotherapy administered for distant metastatic disease. Sixty-five percent of patients were reported to have had one prior anti-cancer therapy for metastatic MCC and 35% had two or more prior therapies. The major efficacy outcome measures were confirmed overall response rate (ORR) according to Response Evaluation Criteria in Solid Tumors (RECIST) v1.1 as assessed by a blinded independent central review committee (IRC) and IRC-assessed duration of response. The overall response rate (ORR) was 33% (95% confidence interval [CI]: 23.3–43.8%).1 Eleven percent of patients experienced a complete response (95% CI: 6.6-19.9%) and 22% of patients experienced a partial response (95% CI: 13.5-31.7%). Tumor responses were durable, with 86% of responses lasting for at least six months (n=25).1 Forty-five percent of responses lasted at least 12 months (n=13).1 Duration of response ranged from 2.8 to over 23.3 months.   The warnings and precautions for BAVENCIO include immune-mediated adverse reactions (such as pneumonitis, hepatitis, colitis, endocrinopathies, nephritis and renal dysfunction, and other adverse reactions), infusion-related reactions and embryo-fetal toxicity. The most common adverse reactions (reported in at least 20% of patients) included fatigue (50%), musculoskeletal pain (32%), diarrhea (23%), nausea (22%), infusion-related reactions (22%), rash (22%), decreased appetite (20%) and peripheral edema (20%).1 For more information, please see Important Safety Information for BAVENCIO below.  BAVENCIO is designed to potentially engage both the adaptive and innate immune systems. By binding to PD-L1, BAVENCIO is thought to prevent tumor cells from using PD-L1 for protection against white blood cells, such as T-cells, exposing them to anti-tumor responses.1 BAVENCIO has been shown to induce antibody-dependent cell-mediated cytotoxicity (ADCC) in vitro.1 BAVENCIO is available for order now. The alliance is committed to providing industry-leading patient access and reimbursement support through its CoverOne™ program. This program provides a spectrum of patient access and reimbursement support services intended to help patients receive appropriate access to BAVENCIO in the United States. CoverOne may be reached by phone at 844-8COVER1 (844-826-8371) or online at www.CoverOne.com. About JAVELIN Merkel 200 The efficacy and safety of BAVENCIO was demonstrated in the JAVELIN Merkel 200 trial, an open-label, single-arm, multi-center study conducted in 88 patients with histologically confirmed metastatic MCC whose disease had progressed on or after chemotherapy administered for distant metastatic disease. Sixty-five percent of patients were reported to have had one prior anti-cancer therapy for metastatic MCC and 35% had two or more prior therapies. The major efficacy outcome measures were confirmed overall response rate (ORR) according to Response Evaluation Criteria in Solid Tumors (RECIST) v1.1 as assessed by a blinded independent central review committee (IRC) and IRC-assessed duration of response. The trial excluded patients with autoimmune disease; medical conditions requiring systemic immunosuppression; prior organ or allogenic stem cell transplantation; prior treatment with anti-PD-1, anti-PD-L1 or anti-CTLA-4 antibodies; CNS metastases; infection with HIV, hepatitis B or hepatitis C; or ECOG performance score greater than or equal to two. Patients received BAVENCIO 10 mg/kg as an intravenous infusion over 60 minutes every two weeks until disease progression or unacceptable toxicity. The international clinical development program for avelumab, known as JAVELIN, involves at least 30 clinical programs, including nine Phase III trials, and more than 4,000 patients across more than 15 tumor types. In October 2016, the alliance announced the European Medicines Agency accepted the Marketing Authorisation Application for avelumab for the proposed indication of metastatic MCC. For full prescribing information and medication guide for BAVENCIO, please see www.BAVENCIO.com or the FDA website.    IMPORTANT SAFETY INFORMATION and INDICATION BAVENCIO can cause immune-mediated pneumonitis, including fatal cases. Monitor patients for signs and symptoms of pneumonitis and evaluate suspected cases with radiographic imaging. Administer corticosteroids for Grade 2 or greater pneumonitis. Withhold BAVENCIO for moderate (Grade 2) and permanently discontinue for severe (Grade 3), life-threatening (Grade 4), or recurrent moderate (Grade 2) pneumonitis. Pneumonitis occurred in 1.2% (21/1738) of patients, including one (0.1%) patient with Grade 5, one (0.1%) with Grade 4, and five (0.3%) with Grade 3. BAVENCIO can cause immune-mediated hepatitis, including fatal cases. Monitor patients for abnormal liver tests prior to and periodically during treatment. Administer corticosteroids for Grade 2 or greater hepatitis. Withhold BAVENCIO for moderate (Grade 2) immune-mediated hepatitis until resolution and permanently discontinue for severe (Grade 3) or life-threatening (Grade 4) immune-mediated hepatitis. Immune-mediated hepatitis was reported in 0.9% (16/1738) of patients, including two (0.1%) patients with Grade 5 and 11 (0.6 %) with Grade 3. BAVENCIO can cause immune-mediated colitis. Monitor patients for signs and symptoms of colitis. Administer corticosteroids for Grade 2 or greater colitis. Withhold BAVENCIO until resolution for moderate or severe (Grade 2 or 3) colitis and permanently discontinue for life-threatening (Grade 4) or recurrent (Grade 3) colitis upon re-initiation of BAVENCIO. Immune-mediated colitis occurred in 1.5% (26/1738) of patients, including seven (0.4%) with Grade 3. BAVENCIO can cause immune-mediated endocrinopathies, including adrenal insufficiency, thyroid disorders, and type 1 diabetes mellitus. Monitor patients for signs and symptoms of adrenal insufficiency during and after treatment and administer corticosteroids as appropriate. Withhold BAVENCIO for severe (Grade 3) or life-threatening (Grade 4) adrenal insufficiency. Adrenal insufficiency was reported in 0.5% (8/1738) of patients, including one (0.1%) with Grade 3. Thyroid disorders can occur at any time during treatment. Monitor patients for changes in thyroid function at the start of treatment, periodically during treatment, and as indicated based on clinical evaluation. Manage hypothyroidism with hormone replacement therapy and hyperthyroidism with medical management. Withhold BAVENCIO for severe (Grade 3) or life threatening (Grade 4) thyroid disorders. Thyroid disorders including hypothyroidism, hyperthyroidism, and thyroiditis were reported in 6% (98/1738) of patients, including three (0.2%) with Grade 3. Type 1 diabetes mellitus, including diabetic ketoacidosis: Monitor patients for hyperglycemia or other signs and symptoms of diabetes. Withhold BAVENCIO and administer anti-hyperglycemics or insulin in patients with severe or life-threatening (Grade 3 or greater) hyperglycemia and resume treatment when metabolic control is achieved. Type 1 diabetes mellitus without an alternative etiology occurred in 0.1% (2/1738) of patients, including two cases of Grade 3 hyperglycemia. BAVENCIO can cause immune-mediated nephritis and renal dysfunction. Monitor patients for elevated serum creatinine prior to and periodically during treatment. Administer corticosteroids for Grade 2 or greater nephritis. Withhold BAVENCIO for moderate (Grade 2) or severe (Grade 3) nephritis until resolution to Grade 1 or lower. Permanently discontinue BAVENCIO for life-threatening (Grade 4) nephritis. Immune-mediated nephritis occurred in 0.1% (1/1738) of patients. BAVENCIO can result in other severe and fatal immune-mediated adverse reactions involving any organ system during treatment or after treatment discontinuation. For suspected immune-mediated adverse reactions evaluate to confirm or rule out an immune-mediated adverse reaction and to exclude other causes. Depending on the severity of the adverse reaction, withhold or permanently discontinue BAVENCIO, administer high-dose corticosteroids, and initiate hormone replacement therapy if appropriate. Resume BAVENCIO when the immune-mediated adverse reaction remains at Grade 1 or lower following a corticosteroid taper. Permanently discontinue BAVENCIO for any severe (Grade 3) immune-mediated adverse reaction that recurs and for any life-threatening (Grade 4) immune-mediated adverse reaction. The following clinically significant immune-mediated adverse reactions occurred in less than 1% of 1738 patients treated with BAVENCIO: myocarditis with fatal cases, myositis, psoriasis, arthritis, exfoliative dermatitis, erythema multiforme, pemphigoid, hypopituitarism, uveitis, Guillain-Barré syndrome, and systemic inflammatory response. BAVENCIO can cause severe (Grade 3) or life-threatening (Grade 4) infusion-related reactions. Patients should be premedicated with an antihistamine and acetaminophen prior to the first 4 infusions and for subsequent doses based upon clinical judgment and presence/severity of prior infusion reactions. Monitor patients for signs and symptoms of infusion-related reactions, including pyrexia, chills, flushing, hypotension, dyspnea, wheezing, back pain, abdominal pain, and urticaria. Interrupt or slow the rate of infusion for mild (Grade 1) or moderate (Grade 2) infusion-related reactions. Permanently discontinue BAVENCIO for severe (Grade 3) or life-threatening (Grade 4) infusion-related reactions. Infusion-related reactions occurred in 25% (439/1738) of patients, including three (0.2%) patients with Grade 4 and nine (0.5%) with Grade 3. BAVENCIO can cause fetal harm when administered to a pregnant woman. Advise patients of the potential risk to a fetus including the risk of fetal death. Advise females of childbearing potential to use effective contraception during treatment with BAVENCIO and for at least one month after the last dose of BAVENCIO. It is not known whether BAVENCIO is excreted in human milk. Advise a lactating woman not to breastfeed during treatment and for at least one month after the last dose of BAVENCIO due to the potential for serious adverse reactions in breastfed infants. The most common adverse reactions (all grades, greater than or equal to 20%) in patients with metastatic MCC were fatigue (50%), musculoskeletal pain (32%), diarrhea (23%), nausea (22%), infusion-related reactions (22%), rash (22%), decreased appetite (20%), and peripheral edema (20%). The most common adverse reaction requiring dose interruption was anemia. Selected treatment-emergent laboratory abnormalities (all grades, greater than or equal to 20%) in patients with metastatic MCC were lymphopenia (49%), anemia (35%), increased aspartate aminotransferase (34%), thrombocytopenia (27%). and increased alanine aminotransferase (20%). Selected treatment-emergent Grade 3-4 laboratory abnormalities (greater than or equal to 2%) were lymphopenia (19%), anemia (9%), hyperglycemia (7%), increased alanine aminotransferase (5%), and increased lipase (4%). INDICATION BAVENCIO is indicated for the treatment of adults and pediatric patients 12 years and older with metastatic Merkel cell carcinoma (MCC). This indication is approved under accelerated approval based on tumor response and duration of response. Continued approval for this indication may be contingent upon verification and description of clinical benefit in confirmatory trials. Please see full Prescribing Information and Medication Guide. About BAVENCIO® (avelumab) BAVENCIO is a human programmed death ligand-1 (PD-L1) blocking antibody indicated in the US for the treatment of adults and pediatric patients 12 years of age and older with metastatic Merkel cell carcinoma.1 This indication is approved under accelerated approval based on tumor response and duration of response. Continued approval for this indication may be contingent upon verification and description of clinical benefit in confirmatory trials. BAVENCIO is not approved in any market outside the US. Alliance between Merck KGaA, Darmstadt, Germany, and Pfizer Inc., New York, US  Immuno-oncology is a top priority for Merck KGaA, Darmstadt, Germany, and Pfizer Inc. The global strategic alliance between Merck KGaA, Darmstadt, Germany, and Pfizer Inc., New York, US, enables the companies to benefit from each other's strengths and capabilities and further explore the therapeutic potential of avelumab, an anti-PD-L1 antibody initially discovered and developed by Merck KGaA, Darmstadt, Germany. The immuno-oncology alliance will jointly develop and commercialize avelumab and advance Pfizer's PD-1 antibody. The alliance is focused on developing high-priority international clinical programs to investigate avelumab as a monotherapy, as well as in combination regimens, and is striving to find new ways to treat cancer. About EMD Serono, Inc. EMD Serono is the biopharmaceutical business of Merck KGaA, Darmstadt, Germany – a leading science and technology company – in the US and Canada, focused exclusively on specialty care. For more than 40 years, the business has integrated cutting-edge science, innovative products and industry-leading patient support and access programs. EMD Serono has deep expertise in neurology, fertility and endocrinology, as well as a robust pipeline of potential therapies in oncology, immuno-oncology and immunology as R&D focus areas. Today, the business has 1,200 employees around the country with commercial, clinical and research operations based in the company's home state of Massachusetts. www.emdserono.com About Merck KGaA, Darmstadt, Germany All Merck KGaA, Darmstadt, Germany Press Releases are distributed by e-mail at the same time they become available on the Merck KGaA, Darmstadt, Germany Website. Please go to www.emdgroup.com/subscribe to register online, change your selection or discontinue this service. Merck KGaA, Darmstadt, Germany, is a leading science and technology company in healthcare, life science and performance materials. Around 50,000 employees work to further develop technologies that improve and enhance life – from biopharmaceutical therapies to treat cancer or multiple sclerosis, cutting-edge systems for scientific research and production, to liquid crystals for smartphones and LCD televisions. In 2016, Merck KGaA, Darmstadt, Germany, generated sales of €15.0 billion in 66 countries.  Founded in 1668, Merck KGaA, Darmstadt, Germany, is the world's oldest pharmaceutical and chemical company. The founding family remains the majority owner of the publicly listed corporate group. Merck KGaA, Darmstadt, Germany, holds the global rights to the "Merck" name and brand except in the United States and Canada, where the company operates as EMD Serono, MilliporeSigma and EMD Performance Materials. About Pfizer Inc.: Working together for a healthier world® At Pfizer, we apply science and our global resources to bring therapies to people that extend and significantly improve their lives. We strive to set the standard for quality, safety and value in the discovery, development and manufacture of health care products. Our global portfolio includes medicines and vaccines as well as many of the world's best-known consumer health care products. Every day, Pfizer colleagues work across developed and emerging markets to advance wellness, prevention, treatments and cures that challenge the most feared diseases of our time. Consistent with our responsibility as one of the world's premier innovative biopharmaceutical companies, we collaborate with health care providers, governments and local communities to support and expand access to reliable, affordable health care around the world. For more than 150 years, we have worked to make a difference for all who rely on us. We routinely post information that may be important to investors on our website at www.pfizer.com. In addition, to learn more, please visit us on www.pfizer.com and follow us on Twitter at @Pfizer and @PfizerNews, LinkedIn, YouTube and like us on Facebook at Facebook.com/Pfizer. Pfizer Disclosure Notice The information contained in this release is as of March 23, 2017. Pfizer assumes no obligation to update forward-looking statements contained in this release as the result of new information or future events or developments. This release contains forward-looking information about BAVENCIO (avelumab), including an indication in the US for BAVENCIO for the treatment of metastatic Merkel cell carcinoma (the Indication), Pfizer's and Merck KGaA, Darmstadt, Germany's immuno-oncology alliance involving anti-PD-L1 and anti-PD-1 therapies, and clinical development plans, including their potential benefits, that involves substantial risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed or implied by such statements. Risks and uncertainties include, among other things, uncertainties regarding the commercial success of BAVENCIO; the uncertainties inherent in research and development, including the ability to meet anticipated clinical study commencement and completion dates and regulatory submission dates, as well as the possibility of unfavorable study results, including unfavorable new clinical data and additional analyses of existing clinical data; risks associated with interim data; the risk that clinical trial data are subject to differing interpretations, and, even when we view data as sufficient to support the safety and/or effectiveness of a product candidate, regulatory authorities may not share our views and may require additional data or may deny approval altogether; whether and when drug applications may be filed in any other jurisdictions for the Indication or in any jurisdictions for any other potential indications for BAVENCIO, combination therapies or other product candidates; whether and when any such applications (including the pending application for the Indication in the EU) may be approved by regulatory authorities, which will depend on the assessment by such regulatory authorities of the benefit-risk profile suggested by the totality of the efficacy and safety information submitted; decisions by regulatory authorities regarding labeling and other matters that could affect the availability or commercial potential of BAVENCIO, combination therapies or other product candidates; and competitive developments. A further description of risks and uncertainties can be found in Pfizer's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2016, and in its subsequent reports on Form 10-Q, including in the sections thereof captioned "Risk Factors" and "Forward-Looking Information and Factors That May Affect Future Results", as well as in its subsequent reports on Form 8-K, all of which are filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission and available at www.sec.gov and www.pfizer.com. References BAVENCIO Prescribing Information. Rockland, MA: EMD Serono Inc.; 2017. National Institutes of Health, U.S. National Library of Medicine, Daily Med. Available at https://dailymed.nlm.nih.gov/dailymed/advanced-search.cfm. Accessed March 22, 2017. Lemos B, Storer B, Iyer J, et al. Pathologic Nodal Evaluation Improves Prognostic Accuracy in Merkel Cell Carcinoma: Analysis of 5,823 Cases as the Basis of the First Consensus Staging System for this Cancer. Journal of the American Academy of Dermatology. 2010;63(5):751–761. Your Contacts EMD Serono Inc. Media Melissa Lauer +1 781 738 5673 Investor Relations                         +49 6151 72 3321   Pfizer Inc., New York, USA Media Sally Beatty +1 212 733 6566 Investor Relations Ryan Crowe +1 212 733 8160     SOURCE EMD Serono; Pfizer CategoriesUncategorized Tagsacademy, advance, Biotechnology, Broadcast Feed Announcement, Business, commission, Companies, company, engage, FDA Approval, Food and Beverage, Health, Health Care/Hospitals, Home and Garden, Industry, major, Markets, Medical/Pharmaceuticals, Pharmaceuticals, post, Science, service, Technology, World Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Freddie Mac Automates Assessments of Borrowers Without Credit Scores Next PostNext AJC Mourns Passing of Cardinal William Keeler Search Recent Posts Oil Insurance Limited (OIL) dichiara un dividendo di 250 milioni di dollari e apporta piccoli cambiamenti al suo piano di rating e premi External Remote Patient Monitoring Devices Market Well Prepared To Meet Futuristic Demands Of Healthcare At Home – MarketIntelReports Oil Insurance Limited (OIL) déclare un dividende de 250 millions USD et apporte des modifications mineures à son plan de notation et de primes Intermittent Catheters Market Planning To Make The Most Of The Cost-Effectiveness Provided By Hydrophilic Coated Models – MarketIntelReports The First Group Showcases Unparalleled Opportunities in Dubai’s Booming Property Sector to Chinese Investors Business Contacts Business Directory Proudly powered by WordPress
España Internacional Economía Deportes Cultura Sociedad Ciencia Comunicados Últimas Noticias europa press Abonados Europa Press Abonados Últimas Noticias España España Opinión PP PSOE Podemos Ciudadanos Internacional Internacional África Asia Norteamérica Europa Oriente Próximo En primera persona Mosul Alepo Siria Daesh Rusia Donald Trump Crisis Humanitarias Aniversario EPsocial Economía Economía Macroeconomía Empresas Finanzas Energía Construcción Transportes Legal Laboral Fiscal Bolsa Deportes Deportes Fútbol Motociclismo F1 Baloncesto Tenis Ciclismo Olimpiadas Danone Nations Cup Otros deportes Circuito Running Universitario Vídeos de Fútbol Cultura Cultura Cine Música Críticas Exposiciones Libros TV Cartelera Sociedad Sociedad Educación Sucesos Salud Comunicados EP Social Responsables Accidentes de trafico terrorismo >Aniversario EPsocial Autonomías Andalucía Andalucía Almería Cádiz Córdoba Granada Huelva Jaén Málaga Sevilla Aniversario Estatuto Turismo Educación Cooperación Economía y Conocimiento Fundación Cajasol Fundación Unicaja Plan Supera Sevilla Jaén, Paraíso Interior Córdoba Única Costa de Almería Cádiz al Día Puertos del Estado EsAndalucía Aragón Aragón Huesca Teruel Zaragoza Cantabria Cantabria Cantabria Sostenible Cantabria Infinita Cantabria Cultura y Deporte Cantabria XXI Castilla-La Mancha Castilla-La Mancha Albacete Ciudad Real Cuenca Guadalajara Toledo Castilla y León Castilla y León Ávila Burgos León Palencia Salamanca Segovia Soria Valladolid Zamora Catalunya Catalunya Barcelona Girona Lleida Tarragona Fira de Barcelona Barcelona Economías Extremadura Extremadura Badajoz Cáceres Cáceres Provincial Galicia Galicia A Coruña Lugo Ourense Pontevedra Galego Galicia Rural Pesca Galicia Islas Canarias Islas Canarias Las Palmas S.C de Tenerife Gran Canaria Islas Baleares Madrid Madrid CEU Ifema País Vasco País Vasco Álava-Araba Gipuzkoa Bizkaia Euskera La Rioja C. Valenciana Comunidad Valenciana Alicante Castellón Valencia Valencià Valencià Comunitat Valenciana Espanya Internacional Cultura Esport Innova Cultura Navarra Asturias Asturias Asturianu Asturias Rural Murcia Ceuta y Melilla Ciencia Ciencia Misiones Espaciales Astronomia Hábitat y Clima Ruinas y Fósiles Laboratorio Comunicados Comunicados Internacional Empresas Sociedad Salud TIC Latinoamérica ComuniCATs Europa Press Comunicación Chance Chance Famosos Realeza Belleza Moda Cine y Música TV Lifestyle Vídeos Portaltic Portaltic Internet Social Media Gadgets Videojuegos Software Empresa Portalgeek Sector EPSocial EPSocial Derechos Humanos Migración Infancia Cooperación y Desarrollo Igualdad Sostenibilidad Punto Crítico Responsables Violencia de género Discapacidad Crisis Humanitarias Aniversario EPsocial Notimérica Notimérica Iberoamérica México Brasil Argentina Chile Colombia Perú Bolivia Costa Rica Cuba Ecuador Estados Unidos Guatemala Honduras Nicaragua Panamá Paraguay Puerto Rico República Dominicana El Salvador Uruguay Venezuela Turismo Turismo Actualidad Nacional En el Mundo Transportes Aeropuertos Aerolíneas Tren Navieras Otros Hoteles y Agencias Hoteles Agencias y TTOO Corporativo Cruceros Turismo Verde Destino España España Verde Pirineos Costa del Sol Costa Blanca Costa Dorada Costa Brava Costa de la Luz Costa Cálida Canarias Baleares Turismo Urbano Grandes Viajes Fitur Cultura Ocio Cultura Ocio Series & TV Cine Música Cartelera Vídeos Ocio en Casa Infosalus Infosalus Salud Farmacia Actualidad Mujer Nutrición Estética Asistencia Mayores Enfermedades Alergología Aparato Respiratorio Endocrinología y Nutrición Medicina Deportiva Oftalmología Psiquiatría Aparato Digestivo Cardiología Ginecología Neurología Oncología Traumatología Aparato Locomotor Dematología Infecciosas Odontología Pediatría Urología Desconecta Desconecta Curiosity Lifestyle Animal Party Viral Matchball Memes Motor Motor Coches Motos Industriales Sector Seguridad Fórmula 1 Motociclismo Servicios Servicios Europa Press Tiempo Tráfico Cartelera Sorteos Guia TV Horóscopo Especiales Lotería del Niño 2017 Lotería de Navidad 2016 A Menéalo Comparte en Facebook Comparte en Twitter Comparte en Linkedin   Comunicados Internacional Empresas Sociedad Salud TIC Latinoamérica ComuniCATs - Europa Press Comunicación - Comunicados Internacional COMUNICADO: FDA Grants Approval for BAVENCIO® (avelumab), the First Immunotherapy Approved for Metastatic Merkel Cell Carcinoma (1) Publicado 23/03/2017 22:31:18CET DARMSTADT, Germany and NEW YORK, March 23, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- Not intended for UK-based media     - Only FDA-approved treatment for metastatic Merkel cell carcinoma, a rare and aggressive skin cancer        - First indication for BAVENCIO, a human anti-PD-L1 antibody     Merck and Pfizer Inc. today announced that the US Food and Drug Administration (FDA) has approved BAVENCIO(R) (avelumab) Injection 20 mg/mL, for intravenous use, for the treatment of adults and pediatric patients 12 years and older with metastatic Merkel cell carcinoma (mMCC). This indication is approved under accelerated approval based on tumor response and duration of response. Continued approval for this indication may be contingent upon verification and description of clinical benefit in confirmatory trials.[1] BAVENCIO will be co-commercialized by EMD Serono, the biopharmaceutical business of Merck in the US and Canada, and Pfizer. BAVENCIO was developed, reviewed and approved through the FDA's Breakthrough Therapy Designation and Priority Review programs. BAVENCIO, a human anti-PD-L1 antibody, is the first FDA-approved therapy for patients with mMCC.[2] Metastatic MCC is a rare and aggressive skin cancer, with fewer than half of patients surviving more than one year and fewer than 20% surviving beyond five years.[3] "At the heart of this FDA approval is our drive to make a meaningful difference for patients with hard-to-treat cancers like metastatic Merkel cell carcinoma," said Belén Garijo, CEO Healthcare and Member of the Executive Board of Merck. "BAVENCIO's journey has included years of hard work - from the scientists who discovered this molecule in our labs, to our alliance with Pfizer and to the study participants and investigators worldwide. We are grateful to all who have made it possible for us to bring this important new treatment option to patients." "Today is a significant milestone for people fighting metastatic Merkel cell carcinoma, who until now have not had any options beyond chemotherapy," said Albert Bourla, Group President, Pfizer Innovative Health. "This approval demonstrates the power of collaboration to accelerate meaningful new choices for cancer patients." "Merkel cell carcinoma is rarer than some of the more well-known skin cancers, however, it's very aggressive and the proportion of people who die from MCC is much higher than that of people with melanoma," said Deborah S. Sarnoff, MD, President of the Skin Cancer Foundation. "With this approval, I believe there is new hope for people and their families touched by this rare form of skin cancer." The efficacy and safety of BAVENCIO was demonstrated in the JAVELIN Merkel 200 trial, an open-label, single-arm, multi-center study conducted in 88 patients with histologically confirmed metastatic MCC whose disease had progressed on or after chemotherapy administered for distant metastatic disease. Sixty-five percent of patients were reported to have had one prior anti-cancer therapy for metastatic MCC and 35% had two or more prior therapies. The major efficacy outcome measures were confirmed overall response rate (ORR) according to Response Evaluation Criteria in Solid Tumors (RECIST) v1.1 as assessed by a blinded independent central review committee (IRC) and IRC-assessed duration of response. The overall response rate (ORR) was 33% (95% confidence interval [CI]: 23.3-43.8%).[1]  Eleven percent of patients experienced a complete response (95% CI: 6.6-19.9%) and 22% of patients experienced a partial response (95% CI: 13.5-31.7%). Tumor responses were durable, with 86% of responses lasting for at least six months (n=25).[1] Forty-five percent of responses lasted at least 12 months (n=13).[1] Duration of response ranged from 2.8 to over 23.3 months. The warnings and precautions for BAVENCIO include immune-mediated adverse reactions (such as pneumonitis, hepatitis, colitis, endocrinopathies, nephritis and renal dysfunction, and other adverse reactions), infusion-related reactions and embryo-fetal toxicity. The most common adverse reactions (reported in at least 20% of patients) included fatigue (50%), musculoskeletal pain (32%), diarrhea (23%), nausea (22%), infusion-related reactions (22%), rash (22%), decreased appetite (20%) and peripheral edema (20%).[1] For more information, please see Important Safety Information for BAVENCIO below. BAVENCIO is designed to potentially engage both the adaptive and innate immune systems. By binding to PD-L1, BAVENCIO is thought to prevent tumor cells from using PD-L1 for protection against white blood cells, such as T-cells, exposing them to anti-tumor responses.[1] BAVENCIO has been shown to induce antibody-dependent cell-mediated cytotoxicity (ADCC) in vitro.[1] BAVENCIO is available for order now in the US. The alliance is committed to providing industry-leading patient access and reimbursement support through its CoverOne(TM) program in the US. This program provides a spectrum of patient access and reimbursement support services intended to help patients receive appropriate access to BAVENCIO in the United States. About JAVELIN Merkel 200   The efficacy and safety of BAVENCIO was demonstrated in the JAVELIN Merkel 200 trial, an open-label, single-arm, multi-center study conducted in 88 patients with histologically confirmed metastatic MCC whose disease had progressed on or after chemotherapy administered for distant metastatic disease. Sixty-five percent of patients were reported to have had one prior anti-cancer therapy for metastatic MCC and 35% had two or more prior therapies. The major efficacy outcome measures were confirmed overall response rate (ORR) according to Response Evaluation Criteria in Solid Tumors (RECIST) v1.1 as assessed by a blinded independent central review committee (IRC) and IRC-assessed duration of response. The trial excluded patients with autoimmune disease; medical conditions requiring systemic immunosuppression; prior organ or allogenic stem cell transplantation; prior treatment with anti-PD-1, anti-PD-L1 or anti-CTLA-4 antibodies; CNS metastases; infection with HIV, hepatitis B or hepatitis C; or ECOG performance score greater than or equal to two. Patients received BAVENCIO 10 mg/kg as an intravenous infusion over 60 minutes every two weeks until disease progression or unacceptable toxicity. The international clinical development program for avelumab, known as JAVELIN, involves at least 30 clinical programs, including nine Phase III trials, and more than 4,000 patients across more than 15 tumor types. In October 2016, the alliance announced the European Medicines Agency accepted the Marketing Authorisation Application for avelumab for the proposed indication of metastatic MCC. IMPORTANT SAFETY INFORMATION and INDICATION     BAVENCIO can cause immune-mediated pneumonitis, including fatal cases. Monitor patients for signs and symptoms of pneumonitis and evaluate suspected cases with radiographic imaging. Administer corticosteroids for Grade 2 or greater pneumonitis. Withhold BAVENCIO for moderate (Grade 2) and permanently discontinue for severe (Grade 3), life-threatening (Grade 4), or recurrent moderate (Grade 2) pneumonitis. Pneumonitis occurred in 1.2% (21/1738) of patients, including one (0.1%) patient with Grade 5, one (0.1%) with Grade 4, and five (0.3%) with Grade 3. (CONTINUA) Soler: "Venía a ayudar a Alejandro a intentar ganar la Volta" Malena Costa y Mario Suárez desvelan el hombre y sexo de su próximo bebé Puede cambiar de noticia usando las flechas del teclado (← →) Mejora la comunicación de tu empresa con Europa Press Comunicación +34 91 359 26 00 comunicacion@europapress.es Mejora la comunicación de tu empresa con Europa Press Comunicación +34 91 359 26 00 comunicacion@europapress.es Últimas noticias / Comunicados COMUNICADO: Zeutschel ScanStudio - escáner y estudio fotográfico en uno Sábado, 25 de Marzo COMUNICADO: ¡Felicidades Europa! 60 años - por favor no se retire COMUNICADO: Huawei presenta SD-WAN Solution para proporcionar línea arrendada de la aplicación gestionada en la nube Más noticias   Lo más leído Portada 1 ¿Dónde está Superman en La Liga de la Justicia? Zack Snyder tranquiliza a los fans 2 Trump llegó a entregar en mano una factura a Merkel para que pagara sus "deudas" con la OTAN 3 Malena Costa y Mario Suárez desvelan el hombre y sexo de su próximo bebé 4 Andrew Lincoln (The Walking Dead) revela la impactante muerte que le gustaría para Rick 5 Susana Díaz: "Hoy entre todos empezamos a recuperar el PSOE de la ilusión" Hoy Una semana Un mes La actualidad más visitada en Internacional Trump llegó a entregar en mano una factura a Merkel para que pagara sus "deudas" con la OTAN Gente Malena Costa y Mario Suárez desvelan el hombre y sexo de su próximo bebé Sociedad TVE pide disculpas por la retransmisión de la gala Drag Queen de Las Palmas europa press Contacto Aviso legal Catálogo RSS Portal de actualidad y noticias de la Agencia Europa Press. Publicación digital auditada por OJD. © 2017 Europa Press. Está expresamente prohibida la redistribución y la redifusión de todo o parte de los contenidos de esta web sin su previo y expreso consentimiento. Esta web utiliza cookies propias y de terceros para analizar su navegación y ofrecerle un servicio más personalizado y publicidad acorde a sus intereses. Continuar navegando implica la aceptación de nuestra política de cookies - Aceptar Uso de cookies
España Internacional Economía Deportes Cultura Sociedad Ciencia Comunicados Últimas Noticias europa press Abonados Europa Press Abonados Últimas Noticias España España Opinión PP PSOE Podemos Ciudadanos Internacional Internacional África Asia Norteamérica Europa Oriente Próximo En primera persona Mosul Alepo Siria Daesh Rusia Donald Trump Crisis Humanitarias Aniversario EPsocial Economía Economía Macroeconomía Empresas Finanzas Energía Construcción Transportes Legal Laboral Fiscal Bolsa Deportes Deportes Fútbol Motociclismo F1 Baloncesto Tenis Ciclismo Olimpiadas Danone Nations Cup Otros deportes Circuito Running Universitario Vídeos de Fútbol Cultura Cultura Cine Música Críticas Exposiciones Libros TV Cartelera Sociedad Sociedad Educación Sucesos Salud Comunicados EP Social Responsables Accidentes de trafico terrorismo >Aniversario EPsocial Autonomías Andalucía Andalucía Almería Cádiz Córdoba Granada Huelva Jaén Málaga Sevilla Aniversario Estatuto Turismo Educación Cooperación Economía y Conocimiento Fundación Cajasol Fundación Unicaja Plan Supera Sevilla Jaén, Paraíso Interior Córdoba Única Costa de Almería Cádiz al Día Puertos del Estado EsAndalucía Aragón Aragón Huesca Teruel Zaragoza Cantabria Cantabria Cantabria Sostenible Cantabria Infinita Cantabria Cultura y Deporte Cantabria XXI Castilla-La Mancha Castilla-La Mancha Albacete Ciudad Real Cuenca Guadalajara Toledo Castilla y León Castilla y León Ávila Burgos León Palencia Salamanca Segovia Soria Valladolid Zamora Catalunya Catalunya Barcelona Girona Lleida Tarragona Fira de Barcelona Barcelona Economías Extremadura Extremadura Badajoz Cáceres Cáceres Provincial Galicia Galicia A Coruña Lugo Ourense Pontevedra Galego Galicia Rural Pesca Galicia Islas Canarias Islas Canarias Las Palmas S.C de Tenerife Gran Canaria Islas Baleares Madrid Madrid CEU Ifema País Vasco País Vasco Álava-Araba Gipuzkoa Bizkaia Euskera La Rioja C. Valenciana Comunidad Valenciana Alicante Castellón Valencia Valencià Valencià Comunitat Valenciana Espanya Internacional Cultura Esport Innova Cultura Navarra Asturias Asturias Asturianu Asturias Rural Murcia Ceuta y Melilla Ciencia Ciencia Misiones Espaciales Astronomia Hábitat y Clima Ruinas y Fósiles Laboratorio Comunicados Comunicados Internacional Empresas Sociedad Salud TIC Latinoamérica ComuniCATs Europa Press Comunicación Chance Chance Famosos Realeza Belleza Moda Cine y Música TV Lifestyle Vídeos Portaltic Portaltic Internet Social Media Gadgets Videojuegos Software Empresa Portalgeek Sector EPSocial EPSocial Derechos Humanos Migración Infancia Cooperación y Desarrollo Igualdad Sostenibilidad Punto Crítico Responsables Violencia de género Discapacidad Crisis Humanitarias Aniversario EPsocial Notimérica Notimérica Iberoamérica México Brasil Argentina Chile Colombia Perú Bolivia Costa Rica Cuba Ecuador Estados Unidos Guatemala Honduras Nicaragua Panamá Paraguay Puerto Rico República Dominicana El Salvador Uruguay Venezuela Turismo Turismo Actualidad Nacional En el Mundo Transportes Aeropuertos Aerolíneas Tren Navieras Otros Hoteles y Agencias Hoteles Agencias y TTOO Corporativo Cruceros Turismo Verde Destino España España Verde Pirineos Costa del Sol Costa Blanca Costa Dorada Costa Brava Costa de la Luz Costa Cálida Canarias Baleares Turismo Urbano Grandes Viajes Fitur Cultura Ocio Cultura Ocio Series & TV Cine Música Cartelera Vídeos Ocio en Casa Infosalus Infosalus Salud Farmacia Actualidad Mujer Nutrición Estética Asistencia Mayores Enfermedades Alergología Aparato Respiratorio Endocrinología y Nutrición Medicina Deportiva Oftalmología Psiquiatría Aparato Digestivo Cardiología Ginecología Neurología Oncología Traumatología Aparato Locomotor Dematología Infecciosas Odontología Pediatría Urología Desconecta Desconecta Curiosity Lifestyle Animal Party Viral Matchball Memes Motor Motor Coches Motos Industriales Sector Seguridad Fórmula 1 Motociclismo Servicios Servicios Europa Press Tiempo Tráfico Cartelera Sorteos Guia TV Horóscopo Especiales Lotería del Niño 2017 Lotería de Navidad 2016 A Menéalo Comparte en Facebook Comparte en Twitter Comparte en Linkedin   Comunicados Internacional Empresas Sociedad Salud TIC Latinoamérica ComuniCATs - Europa Press Comunicación - Comunicados Internacional COMUNICADO: FDA Grants Approval for BAVENCIO® (avelumab), the First Immunotherapy Approved for Metastatic Merkel Cell Carcinoma (y 3 Publicado 23/03/2017 22:31:14CET EMD Serono is the biopharmaceutical business of Merck - a leading science and technology company - in the US and Canada, focused exclusively on specialty care. For more than 40 years, the business has integrated cutting-edge science, innovative products and industry-leading patient support and access programs. EMD Serono has deep expertise in neurology, fertility and endocrinology, as well as a robust pipeline of potential therapies in oncology, immuno-oncology and immunology as R&D focus areas. Today, the business has 1,200 employees around the country with commercial, clinical and research operations based in the company's home state of Massachusetts. https://www.emdserono.com  All Merck Press Releases are distributed by e-mail at the same time they become available on the Merck Website. Please go to https://www.merckgroup.com/subscribe to register online, change your selection or discontinue this service. For further details and press materials about Merck in oncology please visit https://www.merckgroup.com/en/media/media_center_oncology.html  About Merck     Merck is a leading science and technology company in healthcare, life science and performance materials. Around 50,000 employees work to further develop technologies that improve and enhance life - from biopharmaceutical therapies to treat cancer or multiple sclerosis, cutting-edge systems for scientific research and production, to liquid crystals for smartphones and LCD televisions. In 2016, Merck generated sales of EUR 15.0 billion in 66 countries. Founded in 1668, Merck is the world's oldest pharmaceutical and chemical company. The founding family remains the majority owner of the publicly listed corporate group. Merck, Darmstadt, Germany holds the global rights to the "Merck" name and brand except in the United States and Canada, where the company operates as EMD Serono, MilliporeSigma and EMD Performance Materials. About Pfizer Inc.: Working together for a healthier world(R)     At Pfizer, we apply science and our global resources to bring therapies to people that extend and significantly improve their lives. We strive to set the standard for quality, safety and value in the discovery, development and manufacture of health care products. Our global portfolio includes medicines and vaccines as well as many of the world's best-known consumer health care products. Every day, Pfizer colleagues work across developed and emerging markets to advance wellness, prevention, treatments and cures that challenge the most feared diseases of our time. Consistent with our responsibility as one of the world's premier innovative biopharmaceutical companies, we collaborate with health care providers, governments and local communities to support and expand access to reliable, affordable health care around the world. For more than 150 years, we have worked to make a difference for all who rely on us. We routinely post information that may be important to investors on our website at www.pfizer.com. In addition, to learn more, please visit us on www.pfizer.com and follow us on Twitter at @Pfizer and @PfizerNews, LinkedIn, YouTube and like us on Facebook at Facebook.com/Pfizer. Pfizer Disclosure Notice     The information contained in this release is as of March 23, 2017. Pfizer assumes no obligation to update forward-looking statements contained in this release as the result of new information or future events or developments. This release contains forward-looking information about BAVENCIO (avelumab), including an indication in the US for BAVENCIO for the treatment of metastatic Merkel cell carcinoma (the Indication), Pfizer's and Merck's immuno-oncology alliance involving anti-PD-L1 and anti-PD-1 therapies, and clinical development plans, including their potential benefits, that involves substantial risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed or implied by such statements. Risks and uncertainties include, among other things, uncertainties regarding the commercial success of BAVENCIO; the uncertainties inherent in research and development, including the ability to meet anticipated clinical study commencement and completion dates and regulatory submission dates, as well as the possibility of unfavorable study results, including unfavorable new clinical data and additional analyses of existing clinical data; risks associated with interim data; the risk that clinical trial data are subject to differing interpretations, and, even when we view data as sufficient to support the safety and/or effectiveness of a product candidate, regulatory authorities may not share our views and may require additional data or may deny approval altogether; whether and when drug applications may be filed in any other jurisdictions for the Indication or in any jurisdictions for any other potential indications for BAVENCIO, combination therapies or other product candidates; whether and when any such applications (including the pending application for the Indication in the EU) may be approved by regulatory authorities, which will depend on the assessment by such regulatory authorities of the benefit-risk profile suggested by the totality of the efficacy and safety information submitted; decisions by regulatory authorities regarding labeling and other matters that could affect the availability or commercial potential of BAVENCIO, combination therapies or other product candidates; and competitive developments. A further description of risks and uncertainties can be found in Pfizer's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2016, and in its subsequent reports on Form 10-Q, including in the sections thereof captioned "Risk Factors" and "Forward-Looking Information and Factors That May Affect Future Results", as well as in its subsequent reports on Form 8-K, all of which are filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission and available at http://www.sec.gov and http://www.pfizer.com. [http://www.pfizer.com ] References     1) BAVENCIO Prescribing Information. Rockland, MA: EMD Serono Inc.; 2017. 2) National Institutes of Health, U.S. National Library of Medicine, Daily Med. Available at https://dailymed.nlm.nih.gov/dailymed/advanced-search.cfm. Accessed March 22, 2017. 3) Lemos B, Storer B, Iyer J, et al. Pathologic Nodal Evaluation Improves Prognostic Accuracy in Merkel Cell Carcinoma: Analysis of 5,823 Cases as the Basis of the First Consensus Staging System for this Cancer. Journal of the American Academy of Dermatology. 2010;63(5):751-761. (Logo: http://mma.prnewswire.com/media/477505/Bavencio_Logo.jpg ) (Logo: http://mma.prnewswire.com/media/477506/Merck_Pfizer_Logo.jpg ) Photo: http://mma.prnewswire.com/media/477505/Bavencio_Logo.jpg http://mma.prnewswire.com/media/477506/Merck_Pfizer_Logo.jpg CONTACT: Your Contacts: Merck, Media, Gangolf Schrimpf, +49 6151 72 9591,Investor Relations, +49 6151 72 3321. Pfizer, Media (US), Sally Beatty, +1212 733 6566, Media (EU), Lisa O'Neill, +44 1737 331536. InvestorRelations, Ryan Crowe, +1 212 733 8160 Un hombre asesina a puñaladas a cuatro personas en el norte de Portugal ¿Dónde está Superman en La Liga de la Justicia? Zack Snyder tranquiliza a los fans Puede cambiar de noticia usando las flechas del teclado (← →) Mejora la comunicación de tu empresa con Europa Press Comunicación +34 91 359 26 00 comunicacion@europapress.es Mejora la comunicación de tu empresa con Europa Press Comunicación +34 91 359 26 00 comunicacion@europapress.es Últimas noticias / Comunicados COMUNICADO: Zeutschel ScanStudio - escáner y estudio fotográfico en uno Sábado, 25 de Marzo COMUNICADO: ¡Felicidades Europa! 60 años - por favor no se retire COMUNICADO: Huawei presenta SD-WAN Solution para proporcionar línea arrendada de la aplicación gestionada en la nube Más noticias   Lo más leído Portada 1 Andrew Lincoln (The Walking Dead) revela la impactante muerte que le gustaría para Rick 2 ¿Dónde está Superman en La Liga de la Justicia? Zack Snyder tranquiliza a los fans 3 Todo lo que tienes que saber para usar Messenger Day, el Snapchat de Facebook Messenger 4 Casi 1.300 niños han muerto en combates o han acabado mutilados en Sudán durante los últimos cinco años 5 Susana Díaz: "Hoy entre todos empezamos a recuperar el PSOE de la ilusión" Hoy Una semana Un mes La actualidad más visitada en Series & TV Andrew Lincoln (The Walking Dead) revela la impactante muerte que le gustaría para Rick Cine ¿Dónde está Superman en La Liga de la Justicia? Zack Snyder tranquiliza a los fans SocialMedia Todo lo que tienes que saber para usar Messenger Day, el Snapchat de Facebook Messenger europa press Contacto Aviso legal Catálogo RSS Portal de actualidad y noticias de la Agencia Europa Press. Publicación digital auditada por OJD. © 2017 Europa Press. Está expresamente prohibida la redistribución y la redifusión de todo o parte de los contenidos de esta web sin su previo y expreso consentimiento. Esta web utiliza cookies propias y de terceros para analizar su navegación y ofrecerle un servicio más personalizado y publicidad acorde a sus intereses. Continuar navegando implica la aceptación de nuestra política de cookies - Aceptar Uso de cookies
Latest News Dow 20,597 -59.86 -0.29% Nasdaq 5,829 +11.04 +0.19% S&P 500 2,344 -1.98 -0.08% 10:35 A.M. ET Why Donald Trump is a terrible leader 9:49 A.M. ET Updated Shooting on double-decker bus in Las Vegas leaves one dead 9:38 A.M. ET Updated Wall Street fear threatens a dramatic comeback in the stock market 9:37 A.M. ET Updated The Dow’s tumultuous 120-year history, in one chart 9:00 A.M. ET How to talk to your parents about their estate without seeming like a greedy jerk 7:00 A.M. ET Watch this: Quit your job, travel the world, and get paid 6:50 A.M. ET Quit your job, travel the world, and get paid 3/25 Updated More than 1 million borrowers defaulted on their student loans last year 3/25 Updated A family earning over $105,000 still can’t afford more than half of U.S. colleges 3/25 Updated This is the worst type of airline passenger 3/25 Updated Don’t quit your job if you work in 1 of these 5 industries 3/25 Updated The 10 most expensive places to raise a family in the U.S. 3/25 Updated The 3 things you should know about your credit score after Experian’s $3 million fine 3/25 Updated These are the worst money habits parents teach their kids 3/25 Updated Why a college degree could be one of the worst ways to find a new employee 3/25 Updated Divorcing after being married for decades? Here’s what to do 3/25 Updated American cockroaches reproduce at an alarming rate (without males) 3/25 Updated There’s been a surge in ‘deaths of despair’ among white middle-aged Americans 3/25 Updated The death of the dinner date 3/25 Updated This simple scam has suddenly become more popular and could cost you up to $2,500 Log In My MarketWatch Home Press Release FDA Grants Approval for BAVENCIO® (avelumab), the First Immunotherapy Approved for Metastatic Merkel Cell Carcinoma By Published: Mar 23, 2017 5:30 p.m. ET Share - Only FDA-approved treatment for metastatic Merkel cell carcinoma, a rare and aggressive skin cancer- First indication for BAVENCIO, a human anti-PD-L1 antibody ROCKLAND, Mass. and NEW YORK, March 23, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- EMD Serono, the biopharmaceutical business of Merck KGaA, Darmstadt, Germany in the US and Canada, and Pfizer Inc. PFE, -0.85% today announced that the US Food and Drug Administration (FDA) has approved BAVENCIO [®] (avelumab) Injection 20 mg/mL, for intravenous use, for the treatment of adults and pediatric patients 12 years and older with metastatic Merkel cell carcinoma (mMCC). This indication is approved under accelerated approval based on tumor response and duration of response. Continued approval for this indication may be contingent upon verification and description of clinical benefit in confirmatory trials. [1] BAVENCIO was developed, reviewed and approved through the FDA's Breakthrough Therapy Designation and Priority Review programs. Experience the interactive Multimedia News Release here: https://www.multivu.com/players/English/8058251-emd-serono-pfizer-bavencio-fda-approval/ BAVENCIO, a human anti-PD-L1 antibody, is the first FDA-approved therapy for patients with mMCC. [2 ] Metastatic MCC is a rare and aggressive skin cancer, with fewer than half of patients surviving more than one year and fewer than 20% surviving beyond five years. [3 ] "At the heart of this FDA approval is our drive to make a meaningful difference for patients with hard-to-treat cancers like metastatic Merkel cell carcinoma," said Belén Garijo, CEO Healthcare and Member of the Executive Board of Merck KGaA, Darmstadt, Germany. "BAVENCIO's journey has included years of hard work – from the scientists who discovered this molecule in our labs, to our alliance with Pfizer and to the study participants and investigators worldwide. We are grateful to all who have made it possible for us to bring this important new treatment option to patients." "Today is a significant milestone for people fighting metastatic Merkel cell carcinoma, who until now have not had any options beyond chemotherapy," said Albert Bourla, Group President, Pfizer Innovative Health. "This approval demonstrates the power of collaboration to accelerate meaningful new choices for cancer patients." "Merkel cell carcinoma is rarer than some of the more well-known skin cancers, however, it's very aggressive and the proportion of people who die from MCC is much higher than that of people with melanoma," said Deborah S. Sarnoff, MD, President of the Skin Cancer Foundation. "With this approval, I believe there is new hope for people and their families touched by this rare form of skin cancer." The efficacy and safety of BAVENCIO was demonstrated in the JAVELIN Merkel 200 trial, an open-label, single-arm, multi-center study conducted in 88 patients with histologically confirmed metastatic MCC whose disease had progressed on or after chemotherapy administered for distant metastatic disease. Sixty-five percent of patients were reported to have had one prior anti-cancer therapy for metastatic MCC and 35% had two or more prior therapies. The major efficacy outcome measures were confirmed overall response rate (ORR) according to Response Evaluation Criteria in Solid Tumors (RECIST) v1.1 as assessed by a blinded independent central review committee (IRC) and IRC-assessed duration of response. The overall response rate (ORR) was 33% (95% confidence interval [ci]:23.3–43.8%). [1] Eleven percent of patients experienced a complete response (95% ci:6.6-19.9%) and 22% of patients experienced a partial response (95% ci:13.5-31.7%). Tumor responses were durable, with 86% of responses lasting for at least six months (n=25). [1] Forty-five percent of responses lasted at least 12 months (n=13). [1 ] Duration of response ranged from 2.8 to over 23.3 months.   The warnings and precautions for BAVENCIO include immune-mediated adverse reactions (such as pneumonitis, hepatitis, colitis, endocrinopathies, nephritis and renal dysfunction, and other adverse reactions), infusion-related reactions and embryo-fetal toxicity. The most common adverse reactions (reported in at least 20% of patients) included fatigue (50%), musculoskeletal pain (32%), diarrhea (23%), nausea (22%), infusion-related reactions (22%), rash (22%), decreased appetite (20%) and peripheral edema (20%). [1] For more information, please see Important Safety Information for BAVENCIO below.  BAVENCIO is designed to potentially engage both the adaptive and innate immune systems. By binding to PD-L1, BAVENCIO is thought to prevent tumor cells from using PD-L1 for protection against white blood cells, such as T-cells, exposing them to anti-tumor responses. [1] BAVENCIO has been shown to induce antibody-dependent cell-mediated cytotoxicity (ADCC) in vitro. [1] BAVENCIO is available for order now. The alliance is committed to providing industry-leading patient access and reimbursement support through its CoverOne™ program. This program provides a spectrum of patient access and reimbursement support services intended to help patients receive appropriate access to BAVENCIO in the United States. CoverOne may be reached by phone at 844-8COVER1 (844-826-8371) or online at www.CoverOne.com. About JAVELIN Merkel 200 The efficacy and safety of BAVENCIO was demonstrated in the JAVELIN Merkel 200 trial, an open-label, single-arm, multi-center study conducted in 88 patients with histologically confirmed metastatic MCC whose disease had progressed on or after chemotherapy administered for distant metastatic disease. Sixty-five percent of patients were reported to have had one prior anti-cancer therapy for metastatic MCC and 35% had two or more prior therapies. The major efficacy outcome measures were confirmed overall response rate (ORR) according to Response Evaluation Criteria in Solid Tumors (RECIST) v1.1 as assessed by a blinded independent central review committee (IRC) and IRC-assessed duration of response. The trial excluded patients with autoimmune disease; medical conditions requiring systemic immunosuppression; prior organ or allogenic stem cell transplantation; prior treatment with anti-PD-1, anti-PD-L1 or anti-CTLA-4 antibodies; CNS metastases; infection with HIV, hepatitis B or hepatitis C; or ECOG performance score greater than or equal to two. Patients received BAVENCIO 10 mg/kg as an intravenous infusion over 60 minutes every two weeks until disease progression or unacceptable toxicity. The international clinical development program for avelumab, known as JAVELIN, involves at least 30 clinical programs, including nine Phase III trials, and more than 4,000 patients across more than 15 tumor types. In October 2016, the alliance announced the European Medicines Agency accepted the Marketing Authorisation Application for avelumab for the proposed indication of metastatic MCC. For full prescribing information and medication guide for BAVENCIO, please see www.BAVENCIO.com or the FDA website.    IMPORTANT SAFETY INFORMATION and INDICATION BAVENCIO can cause immune-mediated pneumonitis, including fatal cases. Monitor patients for signs and symptoms of pneumonitis and evaluate suspected cases with radiographic imaging. Administer corticosteroids for Grade 2 or greater pneumonitis. Withhold BAVENCIO for moderate (Grade 2) and permanently discontinue for severe (Grade 3), life-threatening (Grade 4), or recurrent moderate (Grade 2) pneumonitis. Pneumonitis occurred in 1.2% (21/1738) of patients, including one (0.1%) patient with Grade 5, one (0.1%) with Grade 4, and five (0.3%) with Grade 3. BAVENCIO can cause immune-mediated hepatitis, including fatal cases. Monitor patients for abnormal liver tests prior to and periodically during treatment. Administer corticosteroids for Grade 2 or greater hepatitis. Withhold BAVENCIO for moderate (Grade 2) immune-mediated hepatitis until resolution and permanently discontinue for severe (Grade 3) or life-threatening (Grade 4) immune-mediated hepatitis. Immune-mediated hepatitis was reported in 0.9% (16/1738) of patients, including two (0.1%) patients with Grade 5 and 11 (0.6 %) with Grade 3. BAVENCIO can cause immune-mediated colitis. Monitor patients for signs and symptoms of colitis. Administer corticosteroids for Grade 2 or greater colitis. Withhold BAVENCIO until resolution for moderate or severe (Grade 2 or 3) colitis and permanently discontinue for life-threatening (Grade 4) or recurrent (Grade 3) colitis upon re-initiation of BAVENCIO. Immune-mediated colitis occurred in 1.5% (26/1738) of patients, including seven (0.4%) with Grade 3. BAVENCIO can cause immune-mediated endocrinopathies, including adrenal insufficiency, thyroid disorders, and type 1 diabetes mellitus. Monitor patients for signs and symptoms of adrenal insufficiency during and after treatment and administer corticosteroids as appropriate. Withhold BAVENCIO for severe (Grade 3) or life-threatening (Grade 4) adrenal insufficiency. Adrenal insufficiency was reported in 0.5% (8/1738) of patients, including one (0.1%) with Grade 3. Thyroid disorders can occur at any time during treatment. Monitor patients for changes in thyroid function at the start of treatment, periodically during treatment, and as indicated based on clinical evaluation. Manage hypothyroidism with hormone replacement therapy and hyperthyroidism with medical management. Withhold BAVENCIO for severe (Grade 3) or life threatening (Grade 4) thyroid disorders. Thyroid disorders including hypothyroidism, hyperthyroidism, and thyroiditis were reported in 6% (98/1738) of patients, including three (0.2%) with Grade 3. Type 1 diabetes mellitus, including diabetic ketoacidosis: Monitor patients for hyperglycemia or other signs and symptoms of diabetes. Withhold BAVENCIO and administer anti-hyperglycemics or insulin in patients with severe or life-threatening (Grade 3 or greater) hyperglycemia and resume treatment when metabolic control is achieved. Type 1 diabetes mellitus without an alternative etiology occurred in 0.1% (2/1738) of patients, including two cases of Grade 3 hyperglycemia. BAVENCIO can cause immune-mediated nephritis and renal dysfunction. Monitor patients for elevated serum creatinine prior to and periodically during treatment. Administer corticosteroids for Grade 2 or greater nephritis. Withhold BAVENCIO for moderate (Grade 2) or severe (Grade 3) nephritis until resolution to Grade 1 or lower. Permanently discontinue BAVENCIO for life-threatening (Grade 4) nephritis. Immune-mediated nephritis occurred in 0.1% (1/1738) of patients. BAVENCIO can result in other severe and fatal immune-mediated adverse reactions involving any organ system during treatment or after treatment discontinuation. For suspected immune-mediated adverse reactions evaluate to confirm or rule out an immune-mediated adverse reaction and to exclude other causes. Depending on the severity of the adverse reaction, withhold or permanently discontinue BAVENCIO, administer high-dose corticosteroids, and initiate hormone replacement therapy if appropriate. Resume BAVENCIO when the immune-mediated adverse reaction remains at Grade 1 or lower following a corticosteroid taper. Permanently discontinue BAVENCIO for any severe (Grade 3) immune-mediated adverse reaction that recurs and for any life-threatening (Grade 4) immune-mediated adverse reaction. The following clinically significant immune-mediated adverse reactions occurred in less than 1% of 1738 patients treated with BAVENCIO: myocarditis with fatal cases, myositis, psoriasis, arthritis, exfoliative dermatitis, erythema multiforme, pemphigoid, hypopituitarism, uveitis, Guillain-Barré syndrome, and systemic inflammatory response. BAVENCIO can cause severe (Grade 3) or life-threatening (Grade 4) infusion-related reactions. Patients should be premedicated with an antihistamine and acetaminophen prior to the first 4 infusions and for subsequent doses based upon clinical judgment and presence/severity of prior infusion reactions. Monitor patients for signs and symptoms of infusion-related reactions, including pyrexia, chills, flushing, hypotension, dyspnea, wheezing, back pain, abdominal pain, and urticaria. Interrupt or slow the rate of infusion for mild (Grade 1) or moderate (Grade 2) infusion-related reactions. Permanently discontinue BAVENCIO for severe (Grade 3) or life-threatening (Grade 4) infusion-related reactions. Infusion-related reactions occurred in 25% (439/1738) of patients, including three (0.2%) patients with Grade 4 and nine (0.5%) with Grade 3. BAVENCIO can cause fetal harm when administered to a pregnant woman. Advise patients of the potential risk to a fetus including the risk of fetal death. Advise females of childbearing potential to use effective contraception during treatment with BAVENCIO and for at least one month after the last dose of BAVENCIO. It is not known whether BAVENCIO is excreted in human milk. Advise a lactating woman not to breastfeed during treatment and for at least one month after the last dose of BAVENCIO due to the potential for serious adverse reactions in breastfed infants. T he most common adverse reactions (all grades, greater than or equal to 20%) in patients with metastatic MCC were fatigue (50%), musculoskeletal pain (32%), diarrhea (23%), nausea (22%), infusion-related reactions (22%), rash (22%), decreased appetite (20%), and peripheral edema (20%). The most common adverse reaction requiring dose interruption was anemia. Selected treatment-emergent laboratory abnormalities (all grades, greater than or equal to 20%) in patients with metastatic MCC were lymphopenia (49%), anemia (35%), increased aspartate aminotransferase (34%), thrombocytopenia (27%). and increased alanine aminotransferase (20%). Selected treatment-emergent Grade 3-4 laboratory abnormalities (greater than or equal to 2%) were lymphopenia (19%), anemia (9%), hyperglycemia (7%), increased alanine aminotransferase (5%), and increased lipase (4%). INDICATION BAVENCIO is indicated for the treatment of adults and pediatric patients 12 years and older with metastatic Merkel cell carcinoma (MCC). This indication is approved under accelerated approval based on tumor response and duration of response. Continued approval for this indication may be contingent upon verification and description of clinical benefit in confirmatory trials. Please see full Prescribing Information and Medication Guide. About BAVENCIO® (avelumab) BAVENCIO is a human programmed death ligand-1 (PD-L1) blocking antibody indicated in the US for the treatment of adults and pediatric patients 12 years of age and older with metastatic Merkel cell carcinoma. [1] This indication is approved under accelerated approval based on tumor response and duration of response. Continued approval for this indication may be contingent upon verification and description of clinical benefit in confirmatory trials. BAVENCIO is not approved in any market outside the US. Alliance between Merck KGaA, Darmstadt, Germany, and Pfizer Inc., New York, US  Immuno-oncology is a top priority for Merck KGaA, Darmstadt, Germany, and Pfizer Inc. The global strategic alliance between Merck KGaA, Darmstadt, Germany, and Pfizer Inc., New York, US, enables the companies to benefit from each other's strengths and capabilities and further explore the therapeutic potential of avelumab, an anti-PD-L1 antibody initially discovered and developed by Merck KGaA, Darmstadt, Germany. The immuno-oncology alliance will jointly develop and commercialize avelumab and advance Pfizer's PD-1 antibody. The alliance is focused on developing high-priority international clinical programs to investigate avelumab as a monotherapy, as well as in combination regimens, and is striving to find new ways to treat cancer. About EMD Serono, Inc. EMD Serono is the biopharmaceutical business of Merck KGaA, Darmstadt, Germany – a leading science and technology company – in the US and Canada, focused exclusively on specialty care. For more than 40 years, the business has integrated cutting-edge science, innovative products and industry-leading patient support and access programs. EMD Serono has deep expertise in neurology, fertility and endocrinology, as well as a robust pipeline of potential therapies in oncology, immuno-oncology and immunology as R&D focus areas. Today, the business has 1,200 employees around the country with commercial, clinical and research operations based in the company's home state of Massachusetts. www.emdserono.com About Merck KGaA, Darmstadt, GermanyAll Merck KGaA, Darmstadt, Germany Press Releases are distributed by e-mail at the same time they become available on the Merck KGaA, Darmstadt, Germany Website. Please go to www.emdgroup.com/subscribe to register online, change your selection or discontinue this service. Merck KGaA, Darmstadt, Germany, is a leading science and technology company in healthcare, life science and performance materials. Around 50,000 employees work to further develop technologies that improve and enhance life – from biopharmaceutical therapies to treat cancer or multiple sclerosis, cutting-edge systems for scientific research and production, to liquid crystals for smartphones and LCD televisions. In 2016, Merck KGaA, Darmstadt, Germany, generated sales of €15.0 billion in 66 countries.  Founded in 1668, Merck KGaA, Darmstadt, Germany, is the world's oldest pharmaceutical and chemical company. The founding family remains the majority owner of the publicly listed corporate group. Merck KGaA, Darmstadt, Germany, holds the global rights to the "Merck" name and brand except in the United States and Canada, where the company operates as EMD Serono, MilliporeSigma and EMD Performance Materials. About Pfizer Inc.: Working together for a healthier world® At Pfizer, we apply science and our global resources to bring therapies to people that extend and significantly improve their lives. We strive to set the standard for quality, safety and value in the discovery, development and manufacture of health care products. Our global portfolio includes medicines and vaccines as well as many of the world's best-known consumer health care products. Every day, Pfizer colleagues work across developed and emerging markets to advance wellness, prevention, treatments and cures that challenge the most feared diseases of our time. Consistent with our responsibility as one of the world's premier innovative biopharmaceutical companies, we collaborate with health care providers, governments and local communities to support and expand access to reliable, affordable health care around the world. For more than 150 years, we have worked to make a difference for all who rely on us. We routinely post information that may be important to investors on our website at www.pfizer.com. In addition, to learn more, please visit us on www.pfizer.com and follow us on Twitter at @Pfizer and @PfizerNews, LinkedIn, YouTube and like us on Facebook at Facebook.com/Pfizer. Pfizer Disclosure Notice The information contained in this release is as of March 23, 2017. Pfizer assumes no obligation to update forward-looking statements contained in this release as the result of new information or future events or developments. This release contains forward-looking information about BAVENCIO (avelumab), including an indication in the US for BAVENCIO for the treatment of metastatic Merkel cell carcinoma (the Indication), Pfizer's and Merck KGaA, Darmstadt, Germany's immuno-oncology alliance involving anti-PD-L1 and anti-PD-1 therapies, and clinical development plans, including their potential benefits, that involves substantial risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed or implied by such statements. Risks and uncertainties include, among other things, uncertainties regarding the commercial success of BAVENCIO; the uncertainties inherent in research and development, including the ability to meet anticipated clinical study commencement and completion dates and regulatory submission dates, as well as the possibility of unfavorable study results, including unfavorable new clinical data and additional analyses of existing clinical data; risks associated with interim data; the risk that clinical trial data are subject to differing interpretations, and, even when we view data as sufficient to support the safety and/or effectiveness of a product candidate, regulatory authorities may not share our views and may require additional data or may deny approval altogether; whether and when drug applications may be filed in any other jurisdictions for the Indication or in any jurisdictions for any other potential indications for BAVENCIO, combination therapies or other product candidates; whether and when any such applications (including the pending application for the Indication in the EU) may be approved by regulatory authorities, which will depend on the assessment by such regulatory authorities of the benefit-risk profile suggested by the totality of the efficacy and safety information submitted; decisions by regulatory authorities regarding labeling and other matters that could affect the availability or commercial potential of BAVENCIO, combination therapies or other product candidates; and competitive developments. A further description of risks and uncertainties can be found in Pfizer's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2016, and in its subsequent reports on Form 10-Q, including in the sections thereof captioned "Risk Factors" and "Forward-Looking Information and Factors That May Affect Future Results", as well as in its subsequent reports on Form 8-K, all of which are filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission and available at www.sec.gov and www.pfizer.com. References BAVENCIO Prescribing Information. Rockland, MA: EMD Serono Inc.; 2017. National Institutes of Health, U.S. National Library of Medicine, Daily Med. Available at https://dailymed.nlm.nih.gov/dailymed/advanced-search.cfm. Accessed March 22, 2017. Lemos B, Storer B, Iyer J, et al. Pathologic Nodal Evaluation Improves Prognostic Accuracy in Merkel Cell Carcinoma: Analysis of 5,823 Cases as the Basis of the First Consensus Staging System for this Cancer. Journal of the American Academy of Dermatology. 2010;63(5):751–761. Your Contacts EMD Serono Inc. Media Melissa Lauer +1 781 738 5673 Investor Relations                         +49 6151 72 3321   Pfizer Inc., New York, USA Media Sally Beatty +1 212 733 6566 Investor Relations Ryan Crowe +1 212 733 8160     To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/fda-grants-approval-for-bavencio-avelumab-the-first-immunotherapy-approved-for-metastatic-merkel-cell-carcinoma-300428838.html SOURCE EMD Serono; Pfizer Copyright (C) 2017 PR Newswire. All rights reserved Quote References PFE -0.29 -0.85% Most Popular Wall Street fear threatens a dramatic comeback in the stock market The Dow’s tumultuous 120-year history, in one chart Shoppers get mad as hell when their favorite brand is bought by the big guys Ben Carlson: My 12 favorite (and free) websites for investing information and tools How 4D mapping could change the way we live and work Luxury Real Estate Miami luxury developments: Tides are changing for the better View More SectorWatch These dogs make up to $10k per social media post View More Moneyish Watch this: This desk encourages sleeping on the job View More Barron's Next When leaving a job, take the 401k money and run View More Sponsored Headlines MarketWatch Site Index Topics Help Feedback Newsroom Roster Media Archive Premium Products Mobile Company Company Info Code of Conduct Corrections Advertising Media Kit Advertise Locally Reprints & Licensing Broker Center Your Ad Choices Dow Jones Network WSJ.com Barron's Online BigCharts Virtual Stock Exchange Financial News Online WSJ.com Small Business realtor.com Mansion Global Back to Top Copyright ©2017 MarketWatch, Inc. All rights reserved. By using this site you agree to the Terms of Service, Privacy Policy, and Cookie Policy (updated). Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. Intraday data delayed per exchange requirements. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real time last sale data provided by NASDAQ. More information on NASDAQ traded symbols and their current financial status. Intraday data delayed 15 minutes for Nasdaq, and 20 minutes for other exchanges. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. SEHK intraday data is provided by SIX Financial Information and is at least 60-minutes delayed. All quotes are in local exchange time. Advanced Search Stocks Columns Authors Topics No results found Pfizer Inc. U.S.: NYSE: PFE $34.00 -0.29 (-0.85%) Volume 26.2M Open $34.27 High $34.27 Low $33.94 P/E Ratio 29.18 Div Yield 3.76 Market Cap 202.5B
SubscribeStarting at 99 cents MembersSign In SUBSCRIBE NOW Get unlimited access to Globe.com today Menu SubscribeStarting at 99 cents MembersSign In Business & Tech SubscribeStarting at 99 cents MembersSign In Metro Sports Business & Tech Opinion Politics Lifestyle Arts Cars Real Estate Most popular on bostonglobe.com Based on what you've read recently, you might be interested in theses stories Stephon Gilmore, Patriots seem a good match After leaving the priesthood for love, a return to the altar Trustees of Reservations hope for ‘jaw-dropping’ park Will teams blow White Sox away for Jose Quintana? Today's Paper Magazine Obituaries Weather Comics Crossword The Big Picture Digital Access 99 cents a week for the first 4 weeks Subscribe Subscribe Home Delivery Save 50% off the regular rate Subscribe Subscribe Already a subscriber? Members Sign In Digital Access 99 cents a week for the first 4 weeks Subscribe Subscribe Home Delivery Save 50% off the regular rate Subscribe Subscribe Already a subscriber? Members Sign In EMD Serono wins approval for drug to treat rare form of skin cancer E-Mail Share via e-mail To Add a message Your e-mail Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Comments Print The Boston Globe Tweet Share Jonathan Wiggs/The Boston Globe Gary Zieziula is president and managing director of EMD Serono in Rockland. By Robert Weisman Globe Staff  March 23, 2017 Federal regulators Thursday approved a drug to treat Merkel cell carcinoma, a rare and aggressive form of skin cancer, boosting efforts by Rockland-based biotech EMD Serono to expand its franchise in treatments that target specific types of cancer molecules. The drug, called Bavencio, was approved for patients at least 12 years old, including those who have not yet received chemotherapy. Advertisement Bavencio will be EMD Serono’s first cancer drug launch. But the company, a US arm of German drug maker Merck KGaA, has 19 other cancer drug research programs in different stages of development, said Luciano Rossetti, Merck’s global head of research and development. “We believe this is the beginning,” Rossetti said in an interview. “We have a pipeline that we hope will result in multiple [cancer drug] approvals, starting this year.” Get Talking Points in your inbox: An afternoon recap of the day’s most important business news, delivered weekdays. Sign Up Thank you for signing up! Sign up for more newsletters here Rossetti said he was celebrating the Bavencio approval Thursday afternoon by drinking champagne with scientists in Billerica who had worked on the program. Bavencio won accelerated approval by the Food and Drug Administration because there isn’t an existing treatment for the disease. About 1,600 people are diagnosed with Merkel cell carcinoma in the United States each year. The drug was developed in EMD Serono’s research labs in Massachusetts and in affiliated labs in Europe. The company, a US arm of German drug maker Merck KGaA, last year spent $12 million to expand its research center in Billerica. In January, it licensed four cancer drug research programs from Boston’s lVertex Pharmaceuticals Inc. Advertisement Like other immuno-oncology drugs, Bavencio works by stimulating immune systems to attack cancer cells, targeting the interaction of cellular “pathways” that shut down the immune system. “The scientific community continues to make advances targeting the body’s immune system mechanisms for the treatment of various types of cancers,” Richard Pazdur, acting director of the FDA’s office of hematology and oncology products, said in a statement. “These advancements are leading to new therapies — even in rare forms of cancer where treatment options are limited or non-existent.” FDA officials said their approval was based on a clinical trial in which 33 of 88 patients experienced complete or partial shrinkage of their tumors. The response lasted more than six months in 86 percent of those patients, and more than a year in 45 percent. The agency said Bavencio could cause side effects, including fatigue, muscular pain, nausea, swelling of the limbs, and the risk of the immune system attacking healthy cells or organs. Robert Weisman can be reached at robert.weisman@globe.com. Follow him on Twitter @GlobeRobW. Loading comments... Top 10 Trending Articles Most Viewed Most Commented Most Shared Real journalists. Real journalism. Subscribe to The Boston Globe today. My Account Log in Manage my Account Mobile Customer Service Sign Up For Newsletters Contact Help FAQs Globe newsroom Advertise Social Facebook Twitter Google+ More ePaper News in Education Archives Privacy policy Terms of service Terms of purchase Work at Boston Globe Media © 2017 Boston Globe Media Partners, LLC You're reading  1 of 5 free articles. Get UNLIMITED access for only 99¢ per week Subscribe Now > You're reading1 of 5 free articles.Keep scrolling to see more articles recomended for you Subscribe now You're reading 1 of 5 free articles. Get UNLIMITED access for only 99¢ per week. Subscribe now You're reading 2 of 5 free articles. Get UNLIMITED access for only 99¢ per week. Subscribe now You're reading 3 of 5 free articles. Get UNLIMITED access for only 99¢ per week. Subscribe now You're reading 4 of 5 free articles. Get UNLIMITED access for only 99¢ per week. Subscribe now You're reading 5 of 5 free articles. Get UNLIMITED access for only 99¢ per week. Subscribe now We hope you've enjoyed your 5 free articles. Continue reading by subscribing to Globe.com for just 99¢. Subscribe Now Already a member? Log in Home Special Offer for Business Travelers Get the day’s top stories by 6 am. and breaking news as it unfolds Connect with Facebook or Sign up & return to story Please enter a valid email Subscriber Log in | Privacy Policy Close Wake up with today’s top stories Get Today’s Headlines every morning and breaking news as it unfolds. Connect with Facebook or Sign up & return to story Please enter a valid email Subscriber Log in | Privacy Policy Close Thanks for signing up Browse our full list of free Globe newsletters Return to your story Close Subscriber Log In We hope you've enjoyed your 5 free articles' Continue reading by subscribing to BostonGlobe.com for just 99¢. Continue reading by subscribing to Globe.com for just $.99¢ Stay informed with unlimited access to Boston’s trusted news source. High-quality journalism from the region’s largest newsroom Convenient access across all of your devices Today’s Headlines daily newsletter Subscriber-only access to exclusive offers, events, contests, eBooks, and more Less than 25¢ a week GET FULL ACCESS NOW GET FULL ACCESS NOW
Indiatimes|The Times of India|The Economic Times : HI, My Times LOGOUTSign In Business More Beauty Pageants Photos Videos More Fashion Specials Debate Photos Videos Platinum Times of India More HomeHome Videos City India World Business Tech Cricket Sports Entertainment TV Life & Style Photos TIMES NEWS - RADIO Elections 2017 Brandwire Yearender 2016 Good Governance Business India Business International Business Photos Videos PSUs Sectors Sectors Agriculture Aviation Corporate Economy Energy Markets Personal Finance Real Estate Services Telecom Budget Highlights Tax Calculator Small Business More ALL News » Business » International Business News » FDA approves Pfizer, German Merck immunotherapy for skin cancer Cash withdrawal limits to go from March 13: RBI PM Modi launches digital payments app BHIM Luxury hotels better off this year than in 2015: Experts Apple's 'conditions' to manufacture iPhones in India Netflix joins hands with Red Chillies Entertainment Cyrus Mistry voted out as director at EGM Apple unveils red iPhone Exclusive with Airbnb CEO Idea, Vodafone merger GST inches closer to July 1 rollout Paytm launches mobile payment services 'Re-examine RJio's free offers' FDA approves Pfizer, German Merck immunotherapy for skin cancer PFIZER-MERCK/FDA:FDA approves Pfizer, German Merck immunotherapy for skin cancerReuters | Mar 24, 2017, 12.45 AM IST March 23 (Reuters) - U.S. health regulators on Thursday approved a drug developed by Merck KGaA and Pfizer Inc that helps the immune system to fight a rare form of skin cancer once it has spread to other parts of the body. The Food and Drug Administration said it approved Bavencio, known chemically as avelumab, to treat metastatic Merkel cell carcinoma (MCC) in patients 12 years and older. Bavencio belongs to a new class of oncology drugs called PD-L1 inhibitors that block a mechanism tumors use to evade detection from the immune system. It marks the first immunotherapy approval for the collaboration of Pfizer and Germany-based Merck, which has been playing catch-up with rivals, such as Bristol-Myers Squibb Co, Merck & Co and Roche Holding AG. "While skin cancer is one of the most common cancers, patients with a rare form called Merkel cell cancer have not had an approved treatment option until now," Dr. Richard Pazdur, director of the FDA's Oncology Center of Excellence, said in a statement. Bavencio received accelerated approval, which enables the use of drugs for serious conditions to fill an unmet medical need based on data the agency believes is likely to predict a clinical benefit. The companies are conducting required trials to confirm actual benefit to patients. About 1,600 people in the United States are diagnosed with MCC every year, according to the National Cancer Institute. While most cases are treated with surgery, more than 30 percent eventually see the cancer spread, the FDA said. (Reporting by Bill Berkrot; Editing by Richard Chang) Stay updated on the go with Times of India News App. Click here to download it for your device. (This story has not been edited by timesofindia.com and is auto–generated from a syndicated feed we subscribe to.) RELATED From around the web Stephen Hawking Reveals Shocking Prediction viraltiger.com People Are Getting Angry Because They Miss Out On Those Li.. Life Insurance Offers Why We’re Obsessed With These New Sheets GQ | Parachute More from The Times of India Mollywood's lesbian outing Jayasudha's husband Nitin Kapoor commits suicide Humour: FB Wall of Kejriwal after losing Punjab From the Web More From The Times of India Top VOIP Deals You Shouldn't Pass Up.VOIP Offers Clifton: Meal Kit Skeptic? I Was Until I Tried PlatedFood & Wine for Plated This Is How You Get An Amazing Medical Alert.Medical Alert Offers Here's Why This Company is the "Apple of Underwear"...The Weekly Brief | Mack Weldon Why 24x7 Monitoring Matters for AzureAlert Logic Actor Ravi Baswani passes away - Times of India 22-year-old becomes youngest IIT teacher - Times of India ‘Sleep with a brahmin to rid yourself of doshas' Bani J sweats it out in the gym like a boss - Times of India ‘Tharoor as PM’ campaign launched ViewcommentsPost a comment All Comments ()+^ Back to Top Characters Remaining: 3000 Continue without login or Login from existing accountFacebookGoogleEmail Share on FacebookShare on Twitter Refrain from posting comments that are obscene, defamatory or inflammatory, and do not indulge in personal attacks, name calling or inciting hatred against any community. Help us delete comments that do not follow these guidelines by marking them offensive. Let's work together to keep the conversation civil. HIDE+ All CommentsYour Activity SortUpVotedNewestOldestDiscussedDown Voted Be the first one to review. We have sent you a verification email. To verify, just follow the link in the message Follow / Like us at @timesofindia Most Popular In Lok Sabha, Yogi Adityanath takes a dig at Rahul-Akhilesh partnership Adityanath to officials: Make 30 UP districts open defecation free by Dec Kohli alleges disrespect to Team India physio; Smith rubbishes charge 10 Signs and Symptoms of Colon Cancer Ad: rmhealthy 13 Weirdest Hotels You Can Stay in for Fun Ad: Viral Vacation Ideas YES Bank launches $650 million QIP issue Private sector lender YES Bank launched a QIP issue of up to $650 million, six months after a similar attempt to raise funds had ended in a fiasco. In an announcement to NSE, the bank said it has set the floor price at Rs 1,498.95 per share. The base size of the QIP is $650 million with a $100 million upsize option. StayZilla founder Yogendra Vasupal's bail plea dismissed StayZilla founder Yogendra Vasupal was denied bail today by the Special Metropolitan Magistrate court for CCB-CBCID cases after nine days of judicial custody in an alleged case of cheating an offline marketing vendor. From around the Web Prevent Serious, Chronic Conditions Today United Healthcare You Can Buy Oprah’s Favorite Mattress For Just $299 Oprah.com | Cocoon by Sealy Make fasting feel like feasting with these lent recipes. Guerrero EXCLUSIVE: The New Clubs That Has Rory McIlroy All Smiles GolfWRX.com More From The Times of India White man shouts 'go back to Lebanon' to Sikh-American girl Times of India Why do you ask when I’ll die, Jethmalani asks SC Times of India OMG: Kajol gets a surgery to look fair? - Times of India Times of India Navbharat Times Featured Today In Travel From our Global Partners CBOT soybeans fall to five-month low on rising supply views Bonds weaken before vote on U.S. healthcare law U.S. soybean, corn sink to new lows on plentiful supplies Lazard taps Dimension Fund exec for activist defense team -sources 1FDA approves Pfizer, German Merck immunotherapy for skin cancer 2CBOT soybeans fall to five-month low on rising supply views 3Bonds weaken before vote on U.S. healthcare law 4U.S. soybean, corn sink to new lows on plentiful supplies 5Lazard taps Dimension Fund exec for activist defense team -sources Other Times Group news sites The Economic Times Mumbai Mirror IGN India Hindi Econimic Times Times Now NavGujarat Samay Pune Mirror Tamil Samayam Bangalore Mirror Maharashtra Times Telugu Samayam Ahmedabad Mirror Go Green Miss Kyra ItsMyAscent Lifehacker India Hindi News Education Times Gizmodo India FILMIPOP Hindi Brand Capital Eisamay Indiatimes Gujarati Econimic Times Vijaya Karnataka Malayalam Samayam Times Food Living and entertainment iDiva MensXP.com Femina Entertainment Grazia Zoom Travel Destinations Filmipop Luxpresso Smartapp Bombay Times Cricbuzz.com Filmfare Online Songs top trends Shiv Sena Yogi Adityanath UK Parliament attack AIADMK symbol Bhagat Singh Navjot Singh Sidhu PM Modi Ravindra Gaikwad Shreyas Iyer Tamil Movie Reviews Telugu Movie Reviews Malayalam Movie Reviews services Ads 2 Book Bank Exam App iTimes Entertainment App ET Money Finance App Coupon Duniya Dineout Mobile Recharge Magic Bricks Techgig Times Jobs Bollywood News Times Mobile Zigwheels Remit 2 India TC Next Bikes in India Used Cars Astro Speak Simply Marry GadgetsNow itimes Popular Categories Headlines Sports News Business News India News World News Bollywood News Health & Fitness Tips Indian TV Shows Celebrity Photos hot on the web Auto News RK Nagar By Election Air India Yogi Adityanath Breaking News Sensex Kollywood News Tollywood News Mollywood News Trending topics Shiv Sena MP AIADMK symbol Yogi Adityanath AIADMK symbol IPL 2017 PM Modi Box Office Collection Sunny Leone Pics Salman Khan Follow us on facebook twitter google+ rss feed youtube download toi app android iphone BlackBerry ipad windows phone About us Create Your Own Ad Terms of Use and Grievance Redressal Policy Privacy policy Advertise with us RSS Newsletter Feedback ePaper Sitemap Archives Copyright © 2017 Bennett, Coleman & Co. Ltd. All rights reserved. For reprint rights: Times Syndication Service `
Home About/Contact US Privacy Policy Staff Daily Email Updates Headlines Arts Business Sports Leisure Health Technology Investing Merck & Co. Inc. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Merck & Co. Inc. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Recent Posts Stephen Sadler Sells 1,300 Shares of Enghouse Systems Limited (ENGH) Stock Unigold Inc. (UGD) Insider Norman Tremblay Acquires 2,000,000 Shares Bank of America Corp (BAC) Shares Sold by Gratus Capital LLC Canadian Pacific Railway Limited (CP) Earns “Buy” Rating from Loop Capital Alphabet’s (GOOGL) “Overweight” Rating Reiterated at Pacific Crest Columbia Sportswear Company (COLM) COO Bryan Timm Sells 123,436 Shares of Stock Flexion Therapeutics Inc (FLXN) Receives Overweight Rating from Cantor Fitzgerald Stemline Therapeutics Inc (STML) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by Wedbush Loop Capital Reiterates Buy Rating for Lions Gate Entertainment Corp. (LGF) Wunderlich Reiterates “Buy” Rating for Vera Bradley, Inc. (VRA) Morgan Stanley Reiterates Overweight Rating for Alphabet Inc (GOOGL) Oppenheimer Holdings Weighs in on RH’s Q3 2018 Earnings (RH) Israel Discount Bank of New York GFN Takes Position in NextEra Energy Inc (NEE) Norges Bank Invests $41,109,000 in Landstar System, Inc. (LSTR) Norges Bank Purchases New Stake in Hawaiian Holdings, Inc. (HA) FedEx Co. (FDX) Shares Sold by I.G. Investment Management LTD. Putnam Investments LLC Has $517,000 Stake in M&T Bank Co. (MTB) Putnam Investments LLC Takes Position in Conn's Inc (CONN) PagnatoKarp Partners LLC Invests $385,000 in FedEx Co. (FDX) Westwood Holdings Group Inc. Buys 33,049 Shares of FedEx Co. (FDX) Merck & Co., Inc. (MRK) is Fiduciary Financial Services of The Southwest Inc. TX’s 10th Largest Position Posted by Tony Sherman on Mar 23rd, 2017 // No Comments Tweet Fiduciary Financial Services of The Southwest Inc. TX reduced its position in shares of Merck & Co., Inc. (NYSE:MRK) by 1.4% during the fourth quarter, according to its most recent 13F filing with the SEC. The firm owned 108,992 shares of the company’s stock after selling 1,517 shares during the period. Merck & Co. comprises about 2.1% of Fiduciary Financial Services of The Southwest Inc. TX’s holdings, making the stock its 10th largest position. Fiduciary Financial Services of The Southwest Inc. TX’s holdings in Merck & Co. were worth $6,416,000 as of its most recent filing with the SEC. Several other institutional investors have also made changes to their positions in the stock. Price T Rowe Associates Inc. MD boosted its position in shares of Merck & Co. by 88.7% in the third quarter. Price T Rowe Associates Inc. MD now owns 35,668,056 shares of the company’s stock valued at $2,226,043,000 after buying an additional 16,764,608 shares in the last quarter. Asset Management One Co. Ltd. boosted its position in shares of Merck & Co. by 992.4% in the fourth quarter. Asset Management One Co. Ltd. now owns 4,936,317 shares of the company’s stock valued at $290,682,000 after buying an additional 4,484,427 shares in the last quarter. Russell Investments Group Ltd. purchased a new position in shares of Merck & Co. during the fourth quarter valued at about $223,288,000. Swedbank purchased a new position in shares of Merck & Co. during the third quarter valued at about $135,119,000. Finally, Adage Capital Partners GP L.L.C. boosted its position in shares of Merck & Co. by 59.5% in the third quarter. Adage Capital Partners GP L.L.C. now owns 5,147,943 shares of the company’s stock valued at $321,283,000 after buying an additional 1,921,350 shares in the last quarter. 74.10% of the stock is currently owned by institutional investors and hedge funds. Shares of Merck & Co., Inc. (NYSE:MRK) opened at 63.50 on Thursday. The stock has a market capitalization of $174.34 billion, a price-to-earnings ratio of 45.04 and a beta of 0.79. The company has a 50 day moving average of $64.99 and a 200 day moving average of $62.40. Merck & Co., Inc. has a 52-week low of $52.44 and a 52-week high of $66.80. Merck & Co. (NYSE:MRK) last announced its quarterly earnings data on Thursday, February 2nd. The company reported $0.89 earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, topping the Thomson Reuters’ consensus estimate of $0.89 by $0.00. Merck & Co. had a return on equity of 24.08% and a net margin of 14.30%. The firm had revenue of $10.10 billion for the quarter, compared to analysts’ expectations of $10.22 billion. During the same period last year, the business posted $0.93 earnings per share. The firm’s revenue for the quarter was down 1.0% on a year-over-year basis. Analysts predict that Merck & Co., Inc. will post $3.81 EPS for the current fiscal year. The company also recently disclosed a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Friday, April 7th. Investors of record on Wednesday, March 15th will be paid a dividend of $0.47 per share. This represents a $1.88 annualized dividend and a yield of 2.96%. The ex-dividend date of this dividend is Monday, March 13th. Merck & Co.’s dividend payout ratio (DPR) is presently 92.61%. ILLEGAL ACTIVITY NOTICE: “Merck & Co., Inc. (MRK) is Fiduciary Financial Services of The Southwest Inc. TX’s 10th Largest Position” was published by Web Breaking News and is the property of of Web Breaking News. If you are accessing this story on another site, it was copied illegally and reposted in violation of U.S. & international trademark & copyright law. The correct version of this story can be read at http://www.webbreakingnews.com/2017/03/23/merck-co-inc-mrk-is-fiduciary-financial-services-of-the-southwest-inc-txs-10th-largest-position.html. Several equities analysts have issued reports on the stock. Vetr raised shares of Merck & Co. from a “strong sell” rating to a “sell” rating and set a $58.15 price objective on the stock in a research note on Thursday, January 12th. Piper Jaffray Companies raised shares of Merck & Co. from a “neutral” rating to an “overweight” rating and set a $72.00 price objective on the stock in a research note on Thursday, January 12th. Guggenheim raised shares of Merck & Co. from a “neutral” rating to a “buy” rating and boosted their price objective for the company from $61.63 to $70.00 in a research note on Thursday, January 12th. Jefferies Group LLC reissued an “underperform” rating and issued a $52.00 price objective (up from $50.00) on shares of Merck & Co. in a research note on Saturday, March 11th. Finally, Leerink Swann reissued a “market perform” rating on shares of Merck & Co. in a research note on Monday. One analyst has rated the stock with a sell rating, seven have issued a hold rating and twelve have issued a buy rating to the company’s stock. The company currently has an average rating of “Buy” and an average price target of $67.72. In other Merck & Co. news, EVP Michael J. Holston sold 91,959 shares of the stock in a transaction on Friday, February 3rd. The stock was sold at an average price of $63.96, for a total value of $5,881,697.64. Following the sale, the executive vice president now directly owns 105,559 shares of the company’s stock, valued at $6,751,553.64. The sale was disclosed in a filing with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which is available through this link. Also, Director Thomas R. Cech sold 5,000 shares of the stock in a transaction on Friday, February 3rd. The stock was sold at an average price of $63.42, for a total value of $317,100.00. Following the completion of the sale, the director now directly owns 5,100 shares in the company, valued at $323,442. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Insiders have sold 106,959 shares of company stock worth $6,843,448 over the last 90 days. 0.05% of the stock is currently owned by company insiders. Merck & Co. Company Profile Merck & Co, Inc is a global healthcare company. The Company offers health solutions through its prescription medicines, vaccines, biologic therapies and animal health products, which it markets directly and through its joint ventures. It operates through one segment, Pharmaceutical. The Company’s Pharmaceutical segment includes human health pharmaceutical and vaccine products marketed either directly by the Company or through joint ventures. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding MRK? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Merck & Co., Inc. (NYSE:MRK). Receive News & Ratings for Merck & Co. Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Merck & Co. Inc. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter. « Previous Thompson Siegel & Walmsley LLC Has $8,552,000 Position in The Coca-Cola Co (KO) Next » Lansdowne Partners UK LLP Decreases Stake in Walt Disney Co (DIS) Latest News Nike Suspends Relationship with Maria Sharapova Rob Bironas Ex-Titans Kicker Dies in Car Crash Ron Washington Leaves Texas Rangers Due to an Affair Jonathan Dwyer Falls in Line with Other Banned NFL Players Tony Stewart Case Going to the Grand Jury Oscar Pistorius “Blade Runner” Found Not Guilty of Murder Leave a Reply Click here to cancel reply. Name (Required) Mail (will not be published) (Required) Website   Home Arts Business Sports Leisure Health Technology Headlines Investing © 2006-2017 Web Breaking News.
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Merck & Co. Inc. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Merck & Co. Inc. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Edward S. Lampert Purchases 525,936 Shares of Sears Holdings Corp (SHLD) Stock Guardian Capital LP Invests $21,875,000 in Bank of America Corp (BAC) Canadian National Railway (CNI) Receives “Hold” Rating from Loop Capital Loop Capital Reiterates “Hold” Rating for CSX Co. (CSX) Wells Fargo & Co Reiterates Outperform Rating for Flexion Therapeutics Inc (FLXN) Wunderlich Reiterates Buy Rating for PVH Corp (PVH) Flexion Therapeutics Inc (FLXN) Given Overweight Rating at Cantor Fitzgerald Lions Gate Entertainment Corp. (LGF) Receives “Overweight” Rating from Pacific Crest Enghouse Systems Limited (ENGH) Insider Sells C$948,750.00 in Stock Instinet Reiterates “Buy” Rating for Facebook Inc (FB) Morgan Stanley Reiterates “Overweight” Rating for Alphabet Inc (GOOG) Tesla Inc (TSLA) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by Morgan Stanley William Blair Research Analysts Lower Earnings Estimates for Francesca's Holdings Corp (FRAN) William Blair Comments on Duluth Holdings Inc’s FY2018 Earnings (DLTH) FY2018 EPS Estimates for Black Stone Minerals LP Cut by Analyst (BSM) Brokers Issue Forecasts for Francesca's Holdings Corp’s Q2 2018 Earnings (FRAN) River & Mercantile Asset Management LLP Buys New Stake in Caterpillar Inc. (CAT) 445,948 Shares in MSC Industrial Direct Co Inc (MSM) Acquired by Norges Bank AE Wealth Management LLC Takes Position in Duke Energy Corp (DUK) Putnam Investments LLC Has $460,000 Position in Marcus Corp (MCS) Merck & Co., Inc. (MRK) Shares Bought by Brown Advisory Inc. March 23rd, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Patrick Bannon Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet Brown Advisory Inc. raised its stake in Merck & Co., Inc. (NYSE:MRK) by 5.3% during the fourth quarter, Holdings Channel reports. The fund owned 2,206,288 shares of the company’s stock after buying an additional 111,050 shares during the period. Brown Advisory Inc.’s holdings in Merck & Co. were worth $129,884,000 as of its most recent filing with the SEC. Several other hedge funds and other institutional investors have also added to or reduced their stakes in the company. Price T Rowe Associates Inc. MD boosted its position in Merck & Co. by 88.7% in the third quarter. Price T Rowe Associates Inc. MD now owns 35,668,056 shares of the company’s stock valued at $2,226,043,000 after buying an additional 16,764,608 shares during the last quarter. Asset Management One Co. Ltd. boosted its position in Merck & Co. by 992.4% in the fourth quarter. Asset Management One Co. Ltd. now owns 4,936,317 shares of the company’s stock valued at $290,682,000 after buying an additional 4,484,427 shares during the last quarter. Russell Investments Group Ltd. acquired a new position in Merck & Co. during the fourth quarter valued at about $223,288,000. Swedbank acquired a new position in Merck & Co. during the third quarter valued at about $135,119,000. Finally, Adage Capital Partners GP L.L.C. boosted its position in Merck & Co. by 59.5% in the third quarter. Adage Capital Partners GP L.L.C. now owns 5,147,943 shares of the company’s stock valued at $321,283,000 after buying an additional 1,921,350 shares during the last quarter. 74.10% of the stock is owned by institutional investors. Merck & Co., Inc. (NYSE:MRK) opened at 63.50 on Thursday. The company has a 50 day moving average price of $64.99 and a 200-day moving average price of $62.40. The firm has a market cap of $174.34 billion, a price-to-earnings ratio of 45.04 and a beta of 0.79. Merck & Co., Inc. has a 52-week low of $52.44 and a 52-week high of $66.80. Merck & Co. (NYSE:MRK) last posted its earnings results on Thursday, February 2nd. The company reported $0.89 EPS for the quarter, topping the Thomson Reuters’ consensus estimate of $0.89 by $0.00. The business earned $10.10 billion during the quarter, compared to the consensus estimate of $10.22 billion. Merck & Co. had a return on equity of 24.08% and a net margin of 14.30%. Merck & Co.’s revenue was down 1.0% on a year-over-year basis. During the same quarter last year, the company earned $0.93 EPS. Equities research analysts anticipate that Merck & Co., Inc. will post $3.81 EPS for the current year. The business also recently announced a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Friday, April 7th. Investors of record on Wednesday, March 15th will be given a dividend of $0.47 per share. The ex-dividend date of this dividend is Monday, March 13th. This represents a $1.88 annualized dividend and a dividend yield of 2.96%. Merck & Co.’s dividend payout ratio (DPR) is presently 92.61%. ILLEGAL ACTIVITY WARNING: “Merck & Co., Inc. (MRK) Shares Bought by Brown Advisory Inc.” was reported by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are reading this story on another website, it was stolen and republished in violation of US and international trademark and copyright laws. The correct version of this story can be read at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/03/23/merck-co-inc-mrk-shares-bought-by-brown-advisory-inc.html. Several research analysts have recently issued reports on MRK shares. Vetr raised Merck & Co. from a “strong sell” rating to a “sell” rating and set a $52.95 price target for the company in a research note on Monday, January 2nd. Sanford C. Bernstein reissued a “market perform” rating on shares of Merck & Co. in a research note on Friday, February 24th. Jefferies Group LLC cut Merck & Co. from a “hold” rating to an “underperform” rating and set a $48.00 price target for the company. in a research note on Monday, December 19th. Leerink Swann reissued a “market perform” rating on shares of Merck & Co. in a research note on Monday. Finally, JPMorgan Chase & Co. reissued a “buy” rating on shares of Merck & Co. in a research note on Wednesday, January 11th. One equities research analyst has rated the stock with a sell rating, seven have assigned a hold rating and twelve have assigned a buy rating to the company’s stock. Merck & Co. presently has a consensus rating of “Buy” and an average target price of $67.72. In other Merck & Co. news, EVP Michael J. Holston sold 91,959 shares of Merck & Co. stock in a transaction on Friday, February 3rd. The stock was sold at an average price of $63.96, for a total value of $5,881,697.64. Following the completion of the transaction, the executive vice president now owns 105,559 shares in the company, valued at approximately $6,751,553.64. The sale was disclosed in a filing with the SEC, which is available at the SEC website. Also, Director Wendell P. Weeks sold 5,000 shares of Merck & Co. stock in a transaction on Monday, February 6th. The shares were sold at an average price of $64.51, for a total value of $322,550.00. Following the completion of the transaction, the director now owns 5,100 shares of the company’s stock, valued at approximately $329,001. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Insiders have sold a total of 106,959 shares of company stock valued at $6,843,448 in the last 90 days. 0.05% of the stock is owned by corporate insiders. Merck & Co. Company Profile Merck & Co, Inc is a global healthcare company. The Company offers health solutions through its prescription medicines, vaccines, biologic therapies and animal health products, which it markets directly and through its joint ventures. It operates through one segment, Pharmaceutical. The Company’s Pharmaceutical segment includes human health pharmaceutical and vaccine products marketed either directly by the Company or through joint ventures. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding MRK? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Merck & Co., Inc. (NYSE:MRK). Receive News & Ratings for Merck & Co. Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Merck & Co. Inc. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Republicans in Senate Vote to Repeal Rules on Internet Privacy Sanctuary Cities Being Named by Trump Administration FBI Director Comey Testifying Monday on Russian Interference Conservative Site Only Media Outlet on Trip With Tillerson Senator John McCain Calls for President to Clarify Claim of Wiretapping © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 23 March 2017 by Military News Merck Animal Health Completes Acquisition of Vallée S.A. MADISON, N.J.–(BUSINESS WIRE)–Merck Animal Health (known as MSD Animal Health outside the United States and Canada) today announced it has successfully acquired a controlling interest in Vallée S.A., a leading privately-held producer of animal health products in Brazil. “The combined strength of the two companies under the umbrella of MSD Animal Health will provide customers with a more comprehensive portfolio of products for livestock animals,” said Rick DeLuca, president, Merck Animal Health. “We will continue to seek opportunities like these that complement our business and bring value to our customers.” About Merck Animal Health For over a century, Merck Animal Health has been a global health care leader working to help the world be well. Merck Animal Health, known as MSD outside the United States and Canada, is the global animal health business unit of Merck Animal Health. Through its commitment to the Science of Healthier Animals™, Merck Animal Health offers veterinarians, farmers, pet owners and governments one of the widest range of veterinary pharmaceuticals, vaccines and health management solutions and services. Merck Animal Health is dedicated to preserving and improving the health, well-being and performance of animals. It invests extensively in dynamic and comprehensive R&D resources and a modern, global supply chain. Merck Animal Health is present in more than 50 countries, while its products are available in some 150 markets. For more information, visit www.merck-animal-health.com or connect with us on LinkedIn, Facebook and Twitter at @MerckAH. Forward-Looking Statement of Merck & Co., Inc., Kenilworth, N.J., USA This news release of Merck & Co., Inc., Kenilworth, N.J., USA (the “company”) includes “forward-looking statements” within the meaning of the safe harbor provisions of the U.S. Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These statements are based upon the current beliefs and expectations of the company’s management and are subject to significant risks and uncertainties. If underlying assumptions prove inaccurate or risks or uncertainties materialize, actual results may differ materially from those set forth in the forward-looking statements. Risks and uncertainties include but are not limited to, general industry conditions and competition; general economic factors, including interest rate and currency exchange rate fluctuations; the impact of pharmaceutical industry regulation and health care legislation in the United States and internationally; global trends toward health care cost containment; technological advances, new products and patents attained by competitors; challenges inherent in new product development, including obtaining regulatory approval; the company’s ability to accurately predict future market conditions; manufacturing difficulties or delays; financial instability of international economies and sovereign risk; dependence on the effectiveness of the company’s patents and other protections for innovative products; and the exposure to litigation, including patent litigation, and/or regulatory actions. The company undertakes no obligation to publicly update any forward-looking statement, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. Additional factors that could cause results to differ materially from those described in the forward-looking statements can be found in the company’s 2016 Annual Report on Form 10-K and the company’s other filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) available at the SEC’s Internet site (www.sec.gov). CategoriesUncategorized TagsBusiness, commission, Companies, company, general, Health, Industry, Internet, Markets, private, Science, Uncategorized, unit, World Post navigation Previous PostPrevious BeiGene Reports Fourth Quarter and Full Year 2016 Financial Results Next PostNext Readout of the President’s Call with Prime Minister Theresa May of the United Kingdom Search Recent Posts Oil Insurance Limited (OIL) dichiara un dividendo di 250 milioni di dollari e apporta piccoli cambiamenti al suo piano di rating e premi External Remote Patient Monitoring Devices Market Well Prepared To Meet Futuristic Demands Of Healthcare At Home – MarketIntelReports Oil Insurance Limited (OIL) déclare un dividende de 250 millions USD et apporte des modifications mineures à son plan de notation et de primes Intermittent Catheters Market Planning To Make The Most Of The Cost-Effectiveness Provided By Hydrophilic Coated Models – MarketIntelReports The First Group Showcases Unparalleled Opportunities in Dubai’s Booming Property Sector to Chinese Investors Business Contacts Business Directory Proudly powered by WordPress
Login/Register Contact Us Advertise NJBIZ News NJBIZ Daily News By Industry Banking, Finance & Accounting Education Energy & Utilities Food & Beverage Government Health Care & Pharma Law Manufacturing Real Estate Retail Sports & Entertainment Technology Transportation This Week's Issue This Week's Issue Executive Moves Opinion Spotlight Off the Clock Digital Edition Blogs All Blogs Breaking Glass Diversified Garden State Grub Industry Insights Millennial Minded Suitable For Work Regional News North Jersey Central Jersey South Jersey Grapevine Millennials Morning Roundup Women in Business Events Business Events All NJBIZ Events Best Places to Work in NJ Best 50 Women in Business Business of the Year Awards CFO of the Year 50 Fastest Growing Companies FoodBizNJ Forty Under 40 The Future of Higher Education General Counsel Awards Healthcare Heroes NJ Chamber Innovation Gala NJ Manufacturing Day Public Private Partnership Awards Community Events Post an Event Sign up for NJBIZ Awards & Events Newsletter Sign up for Awards & Events Notifications Special Editions Lists Lists and Directories NJBIZ Top 250 2017 NJBIZ Book of Lists Data Subscription Photos Guest List Off the Clock Slideshows Opinion Power Lists 2017 Power 100 2016 Power 100 2015 Power 100 2014 Power 100 Power 50 Power 50 Health Care Power 50 Real Estate Executive Spotlights All Executive Spotlights Submit an Executive Close Up Submit an Executive Spotlight FAQ: Executive Spotlights & Executive Close Ups Subscribe Print, Digital & Data Subscriptions 8 Weeks Free Trial Subscription Daily & Other Newsletters Subscription Services FAQs Log In Health Care & Pharma Merck Animal Health completes $400M acquisition of Brazilian firm By Emily Bader, March 23, 2017 at 10:25 AM Merck Animal Health announced Wednesday that it has completed its acquisition of a controlling interest in a Brazilian producer of animal health products for approximately $400 million. RELATED Merck Animal Health paying $400M for control of Brazilian firm   The Madison-based unit of Kenilworth-based Merck & Co. Inc. said in a news release that it has purchased a 93 percent interest of the shares of Vallée S.A., which has a portfolio of more than 100 products for livestock, horses and companion animals. “The combined strength of the two companies under the umbrella of MSD Animal Health will provide customers with a more comprehensive portfolio of products for livestock animals,” said Rick DeLuca, president, Merck Animal Health. “We will continue to seek opportunities like these that complement our business and bring value to our customers.” Also Popular on NJBIZ • Stevens names new dean of engineering, science school • Monmouth Junction-based IT firm acquires Vernalis • As he works toward relationship with Rutgers med school, RWJBarnabas' Ostrowsky gets inside look at student life • Leasing for 3 Journal Square to start later this month Share This Story On: Twitter Facebook Google+ LinkedIn   Emily Bader Follow @emilybader Emily Bader is the Web Editor and Social Media Coordinator at NJBIZ. She is a Brielle, N.J. native and a Rutgers University alum. You can contact her at emilyb@njbiz.com. Leave a Comment Your Name: Validation: Comment: Please note: All comments will be reviewed and may take up to 24 hours to appear on the site. Post Comment View Comment Policy Comments Also on NJBIZ.com Jersey City approves $280M Liberty Science Center expansion Seton Hall alumna and former exec taking reins as interim president Breaking Glass: From simple question between friends, Garden State Film Festival has grown into premier event Advanced search Most Popular Most Commented 1 Two N.J. places among nation's 100 richest, according to Bloomberg 2 Jersey City approves $280M Liberty Science Center expansion 3 4 N.J. companies on list of most ethical companies in the world 4 Seton Hall alumna and former exec taking reins as interim president 5 Breaking Glass: From simple question between friends, Garden State Film Festival has grown into premier event 1 Industry Insights: N.J. lawmakers close to banning puppy mills (3) 2 Two N.J. places among nation's 100 richest, according to Bloomberg (1) 3 Drones help real estate firms offer fresh perspective for marketing properties (VIDEO) (1) 4 Monmouth Junction-based IT firm acquires Vernalis (1) 5 Looking at ACA enrollment, experts say N.J. marketplace is doing well (1) Featured News Editorial: Here's why we need to change, not millennials Triple Play: When to consider personal bankruptcy Stevens names new dean of engineering, science school Kislak completes $21M in sales in Paterson, Victory Gardens Sofia Berger assumes U.S. transportation leadership role for Louis Berger Savoy names chief compliance officer NJBIZ.com Latest News NJBIZ in Print Subscribe to Print Subscribe to Email Newsletters Special Editions Lists Events Blogs Advertising With NJBIZ Media Kit Advertise in Print Advertise Online Event Sponsorships Production Info Customer Service Contact NJBIZ Help & FAQ About NJBIZ NJBIZ Staff Directions Terms and Conditions Privacy Policy Resources Archive Search Business Lists Services Employee Engagement Surveys Web Design and Development Video Production © 2017 BridgeTower Media. All information on this site is copyrighted by BridgeTower Media. All images are the sole property of BridgeTower Media and no rights are granted for any use without the express written consent of BridgeTower Media.
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 23 March 2017 by Military News BeiGene Reports Fourth Quarter and Full Year 2016 Financial Results CAMBRIDGE, Mass., March 22, 2017 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) — BeiGene, Ltd. (NASDAQ:BGNE) a clinical-stage biopharmaceutical company developing innovative molecularly-targeted and immuno-oncology drugs for the treatment of cancer, today reported business highlights and financial results for the fourth quarter and full year of 2016. “2016 was a year of substantial progress and growth for our company,” said John V. Oyler, Founder, Chief Executive Officer, and Chairman of BeiGene, “We significantly advanced our portfolio of four clinical-stage assets, and our clinical trials together have enrolled nearly 1,000 patients. We have initiated three global combination studies, and, in China, all four of our compounds have entered the clinic. We recently reached a significant milestone—the initiation of pivotal programs with our BTK inhibitor BGB-3111 both globally and in China.” “In 2016, we made key executive hires and significantly expanded our global clinical development capabilities. We strengthened our balance sheet with a $199 million follow-on public offering in November. We recently entered into a joint venture agreement with the Guangzhou Development District that provides more than RMB2 billion ($300 million) for building a commercial biologics manufacturing facility as well as for funding research and development of our biologic drug candidates in China. In 2017, we look forward to sharing updated data from multiple clinical programs, including more mature data from our monotherapy studies and initial data from our combination studies, and initiating additional registrational trials of our portfolio compounds,” commented Mr. Oyler. 2016 and Recent Business Highlights Clinical Programs: In total, over 980 patients were enrolled as of March 20, 2017 across four clinical programs, including combination trials. BGB-3111, a potent and highly selective small molecule inhibitor of Bruton’s tyrosine kinase (BTK) Initiated a global Phase III trial of BGB-3111 compared with ibrutinib in patients with Waldenström’s Macroglobulinemia (WM). Initiated our pivotal clinical program with BGB-3111 in China, including a study in patients with relapsed / refractory Mantle Cell Lymphoma (MCL) and a study in patients with relapsed / refractory Chronic Lymphocytic Leukemia / Small Lymphocytic Lymphoma (CLL / SLL). Presented updated clinical data on BGB-3111 in patients with CLL / SLL and WM at the 2016 American Society of Hematology (ASH) Annual Meeting. Continued enrollment in the multi-indication dose-expansion phase of the BGB-3111 Phase I monotherapy trial in Australia, New Zealand, the United States, and South Korea. Continued enrollment in the Phase I trial of BGB-3111 as a monotherapy in China. Continued enrollment in the dose-expansion phase of the global combination study with obinutuzumab, an anti-CD20 antibody. Continued enrollment in the combination trial of BGB-3111 with BGB-A317 in Australia in patients with B-cell malignancies. BGB-A317, an investigational humanized monoclonal antibody against the immune checkpoint receptor PD-1 Initiated a Phase I study of BGB-A317 in Chinese patients with advanced solid tumors. Presented updated clinical data on BGB-A317 in patients with advanced solid tumors at the Society for Immunotherapy of Cancer 31st Annual Meeting. Continued enrollment in the multi-indication dose-expansion phase of the BGB-A317 Phase I monotherapy trial in Australia, New Zealand, the United States, South Korea, and Taiwan. Continued enrollment in the global combination trial of BGB-A317 and BGB-290 in patients with advanced solid tumors. Continued enrollment in the combination trial of BGB-A317 with BGB-3111 in patients with B-cell malignancies. BGB-290, a potent and highly selective PARP inhibitor Initiated a Phase I study of BGB-290 in Chinese patients with advanced solid tumors. Continued enrollment in the dose-expansion phase of the BGB-290 Phase I monotherapy trial in Australia. Continued enrollment in the global combination trial of BGB-290 and BGB-A317 in patients with advanced solid tumors. BGB-283, a novel RAF dimer inhibitor that targets both BRAF- and RAS-mutated cancers Continued following patients in the dose-expansion phase of the Phase I trial of BGB-283 in patients with solid tumors with BRAF mutations and/or aberrations in the MAPK pathway in Australia and New Zealand. Regained ex-China rights to develop, manufacture and commercialize BGB-283 after Merck KGaA, Darmstadt Germany did not exercise the Continuation Option in its former exclusive license to commercialize and manufacture the molecule outside of China. Corporate Development: Established a definitive agreement to enter into a joint venture with the Guangzhou Development District and its affiliate, Guangzhou GET Technology Development Co., Ltd., for the establishment of a commercial biologics manufacturing facility in Guangzhou, Guangdong Province, China. Expected direct investments total RMB 2.2 billion ($330 million) funding includes support for the research and development of our biologic drug candidates in China. Expected Upcoming Milestones BGB-3111 (BTK Inhibitor) Present updated Phase I monotherapy data in 2017. Present data from the Phase I combination studies of BGB-3111 with obinutuzumab and BGB-3111 with BGB-A317 in 2017. BGB-A317 (PD-1 Antibody) Present data from the Phase I combination studies of BGB-A317 with BGB-290 and BGB-A317 with BGB-3111 in 2017. Present data from the dose-expansion phase of the ongoing Phase I trial in 2017. BGB-290 (PARP Inhibitor) Present updated Phase I monotherapy data in 2017. Present data from the Phase I combination study with BGB-A317 in 2017. BGB-283 (RAF Dimer Inhibitor) Present dose-expansion data from the ongoing Phase I study in an oral presentation during a Clinical Trials Plenary Session at the 2017 American Association for Cancer Research Annual Meeting on April 2, 2017. Fourth Quarter and Full Year 2016 Financial Results Cash, Cash Equivalents, and Short-term Investments were $368.17 million as of December 31, 2016, compared to $100.49 million as of December 31, 2015. The increase reflects proceeds received from our initial public offering (IPO) in the first quarter of 2016 and a follow-on public offering in the fourth quarter of 2016 partially offset by cash used in operating activities for the twelve months ended December 31, 2016. The cash used in operations for the quarter and year ended December 31, 2016 was $26.14 million and $89.51 million, respectively, as compared to $16.76 million and $39.84 million, respectively, for the same periods in 2015. The increase was primarily attributable to higher operating expense. Capital expenditure for the quarter and year ended December 31, 2016 was $8.06 million and $23.50 million, respectively, as compared to $3.42 million and $5.31 million, respectively, for the same periods in 2015. The increase was primarily attributable to the construction of the manufacturing facility in Suzhou. In February 2016, BeiGene completed its IPO of 7,590,000 American Depositary Shares (“ADSs”) at $24.00 per ADS on the NASDAQ stock exchange. Net proceeds were $166.20 million after underwriting discounts and offering expenses. In addition, Merck Sharp & Dohme Research GmBH, an affiliate of Merck & Co., elected to exchange a senior promissory note of $14.69 million including principle and accrued interest for BeiGene’s ordinary shares at the per share IPO price. In November 2016, BeiGene completed a follow-on public offering of 6,250,000 ADSs plus an over-allotment of 850,000 ADSs, including 6,631,250 ADSs offered by BeiGene and 468,750 ADSs offered by certain selling shareholders, at a price of $32.00 per ADS. Net proceeds were $198.63 million after underwriting discounts and offering expenses. Revenue for the three and twelve months ended December 31, 2016 was nil and $1.07 million, respectively, compared to $4.68 million and $8.82 million in the same periods in 2015. Changes in revenue are primarily attributable to a decrease of revenue recognized for BGB-283 and revenue that was no longer being recognized for BGB-290 in 2016 after we repurchased the ex-PRC rights from Merck KGaA, Darmstadt Germany in October 2015. Research & Development (R&D) Expenses for the three and twelve months ended December 31, 2016 were $28.93 million and $98.03 million, respectively, compared to $28.10 million and $58.25 million in the same periods in 2015. The increase in R&D expenses was primarily attributable to increased spending on clinical activities for BGB-3111, BGB-A317, and BGB-283, due to expansion of ongoing clinical programs, start-up activities for registration trials and increased employee compensation as a result of increased headcount to support growing clinical studies. In addition, R&D-associated stock option expenses were $2.90 million and $8.08 million for the three and twelve months ended December 31, 2016, respectively, compared to $1.83 million and $9.59 million for the same periods in 2015. General & Administrative (G&A) Expenses for the three and twelve months ended December 31, 2016 were $8.34 million and $20.10 million, respectively, compared to $2.95 million and $7.31 million in the same periods in 2015. The increase in G&A expenses was primarily attributable to increased employee compensation including share-based compensation as a result of increased headcount and higher professional service fees to support growing operations. In addition, G&A-associated stock option expenses were $1.05 million and $2.55 million for the three and twelve months ended December 31, 2016, respectively, compared to $0.34 million and $0.62 million for the same periods in 2015. Net Loss for the three and twelve months ended December 31, 2016 were $37.60 million and $119.22 million, respectively, compared to $27.25 million and $57.10 million in the same periods in 2015. Financial Summary: Select Consolidated Balance Sheet Data (U.S. GAAP) (Amounts in thousands of U.S. Dollars)  (Audited)      December 31, 2016       December 31, 2015   Cash, cash equivalents, and short‑term investments $   368,174     $ 100,486   Prepaid expenses and other current assets     6,225       5,783   Property and equipment, net     25,977       6,612   Total assets     405,813       116,764                   Accounts payable     11,957       8,980   Senior promissory note     —       14,598   Long-term bank loan     17,284       6,188   Total shareholders’ equity (deficit) $   352,907     $ (101,765 )        Consolidated Statements of Operations (U.S. GAAP)   (Amounts in thousands of U.S. Dollars, except for number of ADSs and per ADS data)   (unaudited)                   Three Months Ended December 31,   Twelve Months Ended December 31,         2016   2015   2016   2015   Collaboration revenue   $ –   $ 4,677   $ 1,070   $ 8,816     Operating expenses:                     Research and development     (28,933 )   (28,103 )   (98,033 )   (58,250 )   General and administrative     (8,337 )   (2,950 )   (20,097 )   (7,311 )   Total operating expenses     (37,270 )   (31,053 )   (118,130 )   (65,561 )   Loss from operations     (37,270 )   (26,376 )   (117,060 )   (56,745 )   Interest income, net     47     113     383     559     Other income (expense), net     (627 )   (987 )   (2,486 )   (916 )   Loss before income tax expense     (37,850 )   (27,250 )   (119,163 )   (57,102 )   Income tax expense     252     –     (54 )   –     Net loss   $ (37,598 ) $ (27,250 ) $ (119,217 ) $ (57,102 )   Net loss per ADS, basic and diluted   $ (1.05 ) $ (3.05 ) $ (3.84 ) $ (6.71 )   Weighted-average number of ADS used in net loss per ADS calculation – basic and diluted     35,663,284     8,936,469     31,047,650     8,507,482   /EIN News/ — Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Loss (U.S. GAAP) (Amounts in thousands of U.S. Dollars) (unaudited)               Three Months Ended December 31,   Twelve Months Ended December 31,       2016   2015   2016   2015 Net loss   $ (37,598 ) $ (27,250 ) $ (119,217 ) $ (57,102 ) Other comprehensive loss, net of tax of nil:     –     –     –     –   Foreign currency translation adjustments     (232 )   (240 )   (245 )   (749 ) Unrealized holding gain (loss)     251     (436 )   1,108     (1,160 ) Comprehensive loss   $ (37,579 ) $ (27,926 ) $ (118,354 ) $ (59,011 ) About BeiGene BeiGene is a global, clinical-stage, research-based biotechnology company focused on molecularly targeted and immuno-oncology cancer therapeutics. With a team of over 300 scientists, clinicians and staff in mainland China, the United States, Australia and Taiwan, BeiGene is advancing a pipeline consisting of novel oral small molecules and monoclonal antibodies for cancer. BeiGene is working to create combination solutions aimed to have both a meaningful and lasting impact on cancer patients. Forward-Looking Statements This press release contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 and other federal securities laws, including statements regarding BeiGene’s financial condition; results of operations and business outlook; the sufficiency of its cash, cash equivalents and short-term investments; the joint venture with the Guangzhou Development District and any related anticipated funding for building a manufacturing facility and clinical development; momentum of its product pipeline as well as the advancement of, and anticipated clinical development and regulatory milestones and plans related to BeiGene’s drug candidates and clinical trials, including commencing registration and combination trials and providing data readouts and updates for its clinical candidates. Actual results may differ materially from those indicated in the forward-looking statements as a result of various important factors, including BeiGene’s ability to demonstrate the efficacy and safety of its drug candidates; the clinical results for its drug candidates, which may not support further development; actions of regulatory agencies, which may affect the initiation, timing and progress of clinical trials; BeiGene’s ability to achieve market acceptance in the medical community necessary for commercial success; BeiGene’s ability to obtain and maintain protection of intellectual property for its technology and drugs; BeiGene’s reliance on third parties to conduct preclinical studies and clinical trials; BeiGene’s limited operating history and BeiGene’s ability to obtain additional funding for operations and to complete the development and commercialization of its drug candidates, as well as those risks more fully discussed in the section entitled “Risk Factors” in BeiGene’s most recent quarterly report on Form 10-Q, as well as discussions of potential risks, uncertainties, and other important factors in BeiGene’s subsequent filings with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission.  All information in this press release is as of the date of this press release, and BeiGene undertakes no duty to update such information unless required by law. 
Investor/Media Contact
                    
                    Lucy Li, Ph.D.
                    +1 781-801-1800
                    ir@beigene.com 
                    media@beigene.com
 CategoriesUncategorized TagsBusiness, commission, Companies, company, general, Markets, officer, private, section, service, staff, Technology, Uncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Senate Staffer David R. Shearman Honored by the Military Order of the Purple Heart With 2017 Exemplary Service Award Next PostNext Merck Animal Health Completes Acquisition of Vallée S.A. Search Recent Posts Oil Insurance Limited (OIL) dichiara un dividendo di 250 milioni di dollari e apporta piccoli cambiamenti al suo piano di rating e premi External Remote Patient Monitoring Devices Market Well Prepared To Meet Futuristic Demands Of Healthcare At Home – MarketIntelReports Oil Insurance Limited (OIL) déclare un dividende de 250 millions USD et apporte des modifications mineures à son plan de notation et de primes Intermittent Catheters Market Planning To Make The Most Of The Cost-Effectiveness Provided By Hydrophilic Coated Models – MarketIntelReports The First Group Showcases Unparalleled Opportunities in Dubai’s Booming Property Sector to Chinese Investors Business Contacts Business Directory Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 24 March 2017 by Military News Global Pulmonary Respiratory Drug Delivery Market 2017 : 3M, AstraZeneca Plc, Novartis AG, Cipla, Omron Corporation Pulmonary Respiratory Drug Delivery Pulmonary Respiratory Drug Delivery A market study based on the ” Pulmonary Respiratory Drug Delivery Market ” across the globe, recently added to the repository of Market Research, is titled ‘Global Pulmonary Respiratory Drug Delivery Market 2017’. The research report analyses the historical as well as present performance of the worldwide Pulmonary Respiratory Drug Delivery industry, and makes predictions on the future status of Pulmonary Respiratory Drug Delivery market on the basis of this analysis. Get Free Sample Copy of Report Here : www.marketsnresearch.com/request-for-sample.html?repid=4656 Top Manufacturers Analysis Of This Research Report 1. 3M 2. AstraZeneca Plc 3. Merck & Co 4. Novartis AG 5. Omron Corporation 6. Sunovion Pharmaceuticals 7. Teva Pharmaceutical Industries 8. Cipla The report studies the industry for Pulmonary Respiratory Drug Delivery across the globe taking the existing industry chain, the import and export statistics in Pulmonary Respiratory Drug Delivery market & dynamics of demand and supply of Pulmonary Respiratory Drug Delivery into consideration. The ‚ Pulmonary Respiratory Drug Delivery ‚ research study covers each and every aspect of the Pulmonary Respiratory Drug Delivery market globally, which starts from the definition of the Pulmonary Respiratory Drug Delivery industry and develops towards Pulmonary Respiratory Drug Delivery market segmentations. Further, every segment of the Pulmonary Respiratory Drug Delivery market is classified and analysed on the basis of product types, application, and the end-use industries of the Pulmonary Respiratory Drug Delivery market. The geographical segmentation of the Pulmonary Respiratory Drug Delivery industry has also been covered at length in this report. The competitive landscape of the worldwide market for Pulmonary Respiratory Drug Delivery is determined by evaluating the various industry participants, production capacity, Pulmonary Respiratory Drug Delivery market’s production chain, and the revenue generated by each manufacturer in the Pulmonary Respiratory Drug Delivery market worldwide. Enquire Here : www.marketsnresearch.com/inquiry-for-buying.html?repid=4656 The global Pulmonary Respiratory Drug Delivery market 2017 is also analysed on the basis of product pricing, Pulmonary Respiratory Drug Delivery production volume, data regarding demand and Pulmonary Respiratory Drug Delivery supply, and the revenue garnered by the product. Various methodical tools such as investment returns, feasibility, and market attractiveness analysis has been used in the research to present a comprehensive study of the industry for Pulmonary Respiratory Drug Delivery across the globe. About Us Market and Research are a trusted brand in the research industry with capability of commissioning complex projects within a short span of time with high level of accuracy. At Market and Research, we believe in building long term relations with our clients. Our services cover a broad spectrum of industries including Energy, Chemicals and Materials, Automotive and Aerospace. Contact Us : Market and Research United States This release was published on openPR. CategoriesUncategorized TagsAutomotive, Health & Medicine, Industry, Markets Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Global Interventional Cardiovascular Device Market 2017 : GE Healthcare, Philips, Argon Medical, AccessClosure, Spectranetics Next PostNext Global Surgical Robots for the Spine Market 2017 : Medtech SA, players including, Mazor Robotics, Intuitive Surgical Search Recent Posts Oil Insurance Limited (OIL) dichiara un dividendo di 250 milioni di dollari e apporta piccoli cambiamenti al suo piano di rating e premi External Remote Patient Monitoring Devices Market Well Prepared To Meet Futuristic Demands Of Healthcare At Home – MarketIntelReports Oil Insurance Limited (OIL) déclare un dividende de 250 millions USD et apporte des modifications mineures à son plan de notation et de primes Intermittent Catheters Market Planning To Make The Most Of The Cost-Effectiveness Provided By Hydrophilic Coated Models – MarketIntelReports The First Group Showcases Unparalleled Opportunities in Dubai’s Booming Property Sector to Chinese Investors Business Contacts Business Directory Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 24 March 2017 by Military News OpGen Announces 2016 Fourth Quarter and Year End Financial Results Achieves Revenue of Approximately $4.0 Million, a 27% Year Over Year Increase /EIN News/ — GAITHERSBURG, Md., March 23, 2017 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) — OpGen, Inc. (NASDAQ:OPGN) today reported financial and operational results for the fourth quarter and year ended December 31, 2016 and summarized 2016 business highlights.  Total revenue for the full year ended December 31, 2016 was $4.0 million, a 27% increase from $3.2 million recorded for the full year ended December 31, 2015.  Net loss for the full year ended December 31, 2016 was $19.2 million compared with $17.4 million in 2015. “In 2016 our investments in genomics and informatics for infectious disease management issues caused by multi-drug resistant organisms began to pay off.  We successfully moved our Acuitas Rapid Test for drug resistant genes and pathogens and our Acuitas Lighthouse antibiotic resistance prediction technology to the development phase. Later this year we anticipate the first clinical evaluations of this breakthrough new technology along with the release of RUO test kits,” said Evan Jones, Chairman & CEO of OpGen. “We also achieved key milestones including a strategic research collaboration with Merck and compelling data on health outcomes from our partnerships with distinguished U.S. health systems and collaborators.” 2016 Year End and Fourth Quarter Financial Results Revenue: Total revenue for the full year ended December 31, 2016 was $4.0 million, a 27% increase from the $3.2 million in 2015. Total revenue for the fourth quarter of 2016 was $1.0 million, a decrease of 24% from $1.3 million in the fourth quarter of 2015 and an increase of 32% from the $0.8 million in the third quarter of 2016. Operating Expenses: Operating expenses for the full year ended December 31, 2016 were $23.0 million compared with $18.2 million in 2015. Operating expenses for the fourth quarter of 2016 were $5.7 million compared with $6.2 million in the fourth quarter of 2015. Net Loss: Net loss for the full year ended December 31, 2016 was $19.2 million compared with $17.4 million in 2015. Net loss for the fourth quarter of 2016 was $4.8 million compared to $4.7 million in the fourth quarter of 2015. Cash Position: Cash and cash equivalents were $4.1 million as of December 31, 2016 compared with $4.3 million as of September 30, 2016. 2016 Enterprise Highlights and Recent Developments: Announced collaboration with Merck to develop novel rapid diagnostics and informatics tools to combat antibiotic resistance.  The companies will collaborate to support OpGen’s development of rapid DNA tests and a genomic knowledgebase of antibiotic-resistant pathogens for predicting antibiotic susceptibility based on test results. Under the terms of the agreement, Merck will provide access to its archive of over 200,000 bacterial pathogens gathered over the last 15 years through the Study for Monitoring Antimicrobial Resistance Trends (SMART), one of the world’s largest surveillance studies of antimicrobial resistance. Successfully moved the Acuitas Rapid Test and genome-based antibiotic resistance analysis technology from research into development phase, including transitioning our informatics infrastructure and genomic development engine into production and initial performance verification of top pathogens. Participated with the District of Columbia Hospital Association as key technology provider to complete the first citywide quantification of multidrug-resistant organism (MDRO) prevalence in Washington, D.C. healthcare facilities. The results revealed the prevalence of carbapenem-resistant enterobacteriaceae (CRE) and other carbapenem-resistant organisms (CRO) was 5.1% and 6.4%, respectively. Announced completion of the Intermountain Healthcare retrospective MDRO health outcomes study. The study is the largest of its kind conducted in an integrated health system and is anticipated to provide significant insights into how healthcare systems can reduce infections and improve health outcomes. Completed a $10.4 million Private Placement in the second quarter and raised $4.7 million during the fourth quarter of 2016 under a previously announced “at the market” (ATM) offering. Participated in nine posters and oral presentations at major medical meetings and published analytical validation results for the Acuitas MDRO Gene Test. 2017 Outlook “During 2017 we are focused on advancing the development of the Acuitas brand of rapid diagnostic products alongside the Acuitas Lighthouse Knowledgebase with a goal of implementing the technology for external research use in the second half of the year,” continued Mr. Jones. “We are also working to further accelerate the growth of our business in the United States and international markets.  We anticipate sharing additional commercial, technical and health outcomes data that support our position and capabilities as they become available.”   In the fight to help address the global antibiotic resistance crisis, OpGen expects to advance the following business objectives in 2017: Genomic and antibiotic resistance testing of 10,000 multidrug resistant organisms to support initial development of the first Acuitas Rapid Test kits and deployment of the Acuitas Lighthouse Knowledgebase. Completion of initial Acuitas Rapid Test development and Acuitas Lighthouse genotype/phenotype predictive algorithms and clinical performance verification. Presentation of Acuitas Rapid Test and performance data at medical meetings and in peer reviewed journals. Announcement of in vitro diagnostic instrument supply and cooperation agreement to support global commercialization of the Acuitas Rapid Test. Establishment of distribution and partner relationships to support commercialization of the Acuitas Rapid Test and the Acuitas Lighthouse Knowledgebase in international markets. Establishment of Acuitas Rapid Test early access and performance verification programs to support regulatory approval clinical trials and publications. Continued efforts to obtain third party development funding for Acuitas Rapid Test and Acuitas Lighthouse Knowledgebase development and deployment. Conference Call Information OpGen management will hold a conference call today beginning at 4:30 p.m. (EDT) to discuss fourth quarter and year end financial results and other business activities. The call can be accessed by dialing 844-420-8185 (domestic) or 216-562-0481 (international) and providing passcode 87850606. A live webcast of the conference call can be accessed by visiting the Investor Relations section of the company’s website at http://ir.opgen.com. A replay of the webcast will be available shortly after the conclusion of the call on the company’s website for 90 days. A telephone replay also will be available at 7:30 p.m. ET through March 28, 2017 and may be accessed by dialing 855-859-2056 from within the U.S. or 404-537-3406 from outside the U.S. All listeners should provide passcode 87850606. About OpGen OpGen, Inc. is harnessing the power of informatics and genomic analysis to provide complete solutions for patient, hospital and network-wide infection prevention and treatment. Learn more at www.opgen.com and follow OpGen on Twitter and LinkedIn. OpGen, Acuitas MDRO, Acuitas Lighthouse and QuickFISH are registered trademarks of OpGen, Inc. Forward-Looking Statements This press release includes statements relating to the company’s products and services, its commercialization plans for these products and services, and its product and services development efforts. These statements and other statements regarding our future plans and goals constitute „forward-looking statements” within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933 and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, and are intended to qualify for the safe harbor from liability established by the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Such statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that are often difficult to predict, are beyond our control, and which may cause results to differ materially from expectations. Factors that could cause our results to differ materially from those described include, but are not limited to, our ability to successfully, timely and cost-effectively develop, seek and obtain regulatory approval for and commercialize our product and services offerings, the rate of adoption of our products and services by hospitals and other healthcare providers, the success of our commercialization efforts, the effect on our business of existing and new regulatory requirements, and other economic and competitive factors. For a discussion of the most significant risks and uncertainties associated with OpGen’s business, please review our filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC). You are cautioned not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements, which are based on our expectations as of the date of this press release and speak only as of the date of this press release. We undertake no obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statement, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise.   OpGen, Inc. Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Loss (unaudited)                         Three Months Ended December 31,   Twelve Months Ended December 31,         2016       2015       2016       2015     Revenue                   Product sales   $818,488     $1,268,550     $3,524,178     $2,701,142     Laboratory services     46,774       33,275       228,904       120,476     Collaboration revenue     141,301       27,762       272,603       336,102     Total revenue      1,006,563        1,329,587        4,025,685        3,157,720     Operating expenses                   Cost of products sold     388,581       391,515       1,658,571       1,179,771     Cost of services     102,600       169,111       631,333       367,802     Research and development     2,334,407       2,105,892       8,613,236       6,002,941     General and administrative     1,647,512       2,140,499       6,602,608       5,834,642     Sales and marketing     1,246,646       1,342,889       5,529,274       4,305,444     Transaction expenses     —       687       —       526,283     Total operating expenses      5,719,746        6,150,593        23,035,022        18,216,883     Operating loss      (4,713,183)        (4,821,006)        (19,009,337)        (15,059,163)     Other expense                   Interest and other (expense)/income     (2,889)       1,411       (5,967)       26,657     Interest expense     (33,541)       (38,896)       (143,347)       (1,801,320)     Foreign currency transaction losses     (10,395)       —       (8,102)       —     Change in fair value of derivative financial instruments     —       —       —       (647,342)     Total other expense      (46,825)        (37,485)        (157,416)        (2,422,005)     Loss before income taxes      (4,760,008)        (4,858,491)        (19,166,753)        (17,481,168)                         Provision for income taxes     —       (130,757)       —       (129,095)     Net loss      (4,760,008)        (4,727,734)        (19,166,753)        (17,352,073)                         Preferred stock dividends and beneficial conversion     —       —       (332,550)       (243,762)     Net loss available to common stockholders   $(4,760,008)     $(4,727,734)     $(19,499,303)     $(17,595,835)     Net loss per common share – basic and diluted   $(0.21)     $(0.38)     $(1.10)     $(2.20)     Weighted average shares outstanding – basic and diluted     22,549,773       12,540,755       17,667,557       7,980,995     Net loss   $(4,760,008)     $(4,727,734)     $(19,166,753)     $(17,352,073)     Other comprehensive income/(loss) – foreign currency translation     6,176       (1,010)       7,235       (1,059)     Comprehensive loss   $(4,753,832)     $(4,728,744)     $(19,159,518)     $(17,353,132)                                         OpGen, Inc.   Consolidated Balance Sheets   (unaudited)           December 31, 2016     December 31, 2015   Assets                 Current assets                 Cash and cash equivalents   $ 4,117,324     $ 7,814,220   Accounts receivable, net     542,420       678,646   Inventory, net     692,368       826,012   Prepaid expenses and other current assets     329,646       566,239   Total current assets     5,681,758       9,885,117   Property and equipment, net     800,723       1,074,710   Goodwill     600,814       637,528   Intangible assets, net     1,620,998       1,888,814   Other noncurrent assets     279,752       270,327   Total assets   $ 8,984,045     $ 13,756,496   Liabilities and Stockholders’ Equity                 Current liabilities                 Accounts payable   $ 2,232,563     $ 2,285,792   Accrued compensation and benefits     578,480       1,081,270   Accrued liabilities     1,215,283       920,286   Deferred revenue     37,397       50,925   Short-term notes payable     1,023,815       —   Current maturities of long-term capital lease obligation     184,399       251,800   Total current liabilities     5,271,937       4,590,073   Deferred rent     398,084       352,985   Note payable     —       993,750   Long-term capital lease obligation and other noncurrent liabilities     146,543       328,642   Total liabilities     5,816,564       6,265,450                     Stockholders’ equity                 Common stock, $0.01 par value; 200,000,000 shares authorized; 25,304,270 and  12,547,684 shares issued and outstanding at December 31, 2016 and  December 31, 2015, respectively     253,042       125,477   Preferred stock, $0.01 par value; 10,000,000 shares authorized; none issued and outstanding at December 31, 2016 and December 31, 2015, respectively     —       —   Additional paid-in capital     136,199,382       121,490,994   Accumulated other comprehensive income/(loss)     6,176       (1,059 ) Accumulated deficit     (133,291,119 )     (114,124,366 ) Total stockholders’ equity     3,167,481       7,491,046   Total liabilities and stockholders’ equity   $ 8,984,045     $ 13,756,496                       
OpGen Contact:
                    Michael Farmer
                    Director, Marketing
                    240-813-1284
                    mfarmer@opgen.com
                    InvestorRelations@opgen.com
                    
                    OpGen Investor and Media Contact:
                    MacDougall Biomedical Communications
                    Cammy Duong
                    781-591-3443
                    cduong@macbiocom.com
 CategoriesUncategorized Tagsadvance, Business, combat, commission, Companies, company, fight, general, Health, hospital, major, Markets, private, section, Technology, Uncategorized, World Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Sportsman’s Warehouse Holdings, Inc. Announces Fourth Quarter and Fiscal Year 2016 Financial Results Next PostNext CymaBay Reports Fourth Quarter and Year End 2016 Financial Results Search Recent Posts Oil Insurance Limited (OIL) dichiara un dividendo di 250 milioni di dollari e apporta piccoli cambiamenti al suo piano di rating e premi External Remote Patient Monitoring Devices Market Well Prepared To Meet Futuristic Demands Of Healthcare At Home – MarketIntelReports Oil Insurance Limited (OIL) déclare un dividende de 250 millions USD et apporte des modifications mineures à son plan de notation et de primes Intermittent Catheters Market Planning To Make The Most Of The Cost-Effectiveness Provided By Hydrophilic Coated Models – MarketIntelReports The First Group Showcases Unparalleled Opportunities in Dubai’s Booming Property Sector to Chinese Investors Business Contacts Business Directory Proudly powered by WordPress
Mais um site WordPress Toggle navigation Home Greensavers Greensavers: Análise Análise GS: Rapper Will.i.am foi a Oxford falar de alterações climáticas. Mas apareceu de helicóptero. Análise GS: O perfil do consultor de sustentabilidade Emprego: Agora é uma cidade alemã que quer contratar (muitos) portugueses Green Savers TV Rio+20: que futuro quer para o Planeta (VÍDEO) Angola: crianças completam a frase “se eu mandasse no mundo…” (VÍDEO) Dica: como poupar €55 (R$143) por ano em água (VÍDEO) Insólito Big Major Cay: a ilha das Bahamas onde suínos e humanos podem nadar juntos Coelho com doença rara causadora de chifres na cabeça fotografado (com FOTOS) Cão responde a ordens do dono mudando a expressão facial (com VÍDEO) Opinião Opinião de Luís Gil, LNEG: A cortiça e o sequestro de carbono Opinião, Álvaro Cidrais: “Maldita Educação” Carolina Afonso: Os novos paradigmas do consumo sustentável Tecnologia Londres transforma cabines telefónicas icónicas em pontos de carregamento solar Nova aplicação permite diagnóstico médico via smartphone Angola: tecnologias ambientais crescem 75% entre 2011 e 2013 Ambiente Ambiente: Ambiente Nova espécie de “mini-tubarão” descoberta no Golfo do México (com FOTOS) Humanidade começou a poluir a atmosfera há pelo menos 500 anos Japonês volta a Fukushima para alimentar os animais que todos abandonaram (com FOTOS) Alterações Climáticas Humanidade começou a poluir a atmosfera há pelo menos 500 anos Sustentabilidade da Hidroeléctrica do Gove distinguida pelas Nações Unidas China vai abater milhões de carros para melhorar a qualidade do ar Biodiversidade Nova espécie de “mini-tubarão” descoberta no Golfo do México (com FOTOS) Japonês volta a Fukushima para alimentar os animais que todos abandonaram (com FOTOS) Cervo “vampiro” de Caxemira considerado extinto avistado pela primeira vez desde 1948 Educação Ambiental Ambientalista defende que lixo electrónico angolano tem sido gerido de forma incorrecta Tijolos tipo Lego vão levar reflorestação, acesso a água potável e educação aos mais carenciados Universidade angolana abre novo programa de bolsas Política Índia culpa activistas ambientais pelos problemas económicos do país Como será África em 2063? Vinte mil animais foram mortos em Nova Iorque nos últimos dois anos Reciclagem Ambientalista defende que lixo electrónico angolano tem sido gerido de forma incorrecta Adidas lança ténis feitos de papelão reciclado em Abril de 2014 Chitato vai contratar nova empresa para recolher e tratar resíduos sólidos Recursos Naturais Preços elevados do ouro estão a impulsionar a desflorestação na América do Sul Será que esta luxuosa embalagem o convencerá a comer o que está no interior? Angola: terrenos da reserva fundiária de Kaluapanda estão livres de minas Cidades Cidades: Interior do País Mauritânia: êxodo rural está a perturbar a ordem social e deixar aldeias sem homens Trabalhar a partir de casa será o futuro da mobilidade sustentável Construção Construção: Eco Design Sol-Char, a sanita sustentável Já plantou um lápis? Veja como o pode fazer. Corticeira Amorim desafia designers a criarem novas aplicações para a cortiça Edifícios Ateliê francês constrói casa sustentável em quatro dias (com FOTOS) Casa orquídea prevê mudar conceito habitacional em Taiwan (com FOTOS) Primeiro hotel subaquático africano inaugurado na Tanzânia (com FOTOS) Energia Energia: Eficiência Energética EcoBreeze vai reduzir o consumo de energia nos centros de dados Fim das lâmpadas incandescentes significaria o encerramento de 250 centrais de carvão 4 tendências para a utilização de energia pelas grandes empresas Energias Alternativas Quénia vai ter a maior central geotérmica de turbina única do mundo Produção de biocombustíveis poderá aumentar doenças transmitidas por mosquitos Filme denuncia fracturação hidráulica na segunda maior reserva de vida selvagem do planeta Energias Renováveis A garrafa reciclada que se transforma numa lâmpada solar (com FOTOS) Angola aposta nas renováveis para solucionar problemas energéticos Alemanha: 74% da energia utilizada no penúltimo fim-de-semana foi renovável Dicas 20 dicas para poupar na luz e no gás Poupança As 10 melhores fotos da Hora do Planeta Wonderbag: um saco que reduz os gastos energéticos a cozinhar em 30% (com fotos) LED vai dominar mercado da iluminação em 2015 Mobilidade Mobilidade: Mobilidade Individual Ford pesquisa carro movido a energia solar para uso diário Londres tem o estacionamento mais caro do mundo A app que prevê os congestionamentos de trânsito Bicicletas Antigo futebolista cria bicicleta de madeira em homenagem a Eusébio (com VÍDEO) Uma bicicleta prática e amiga do ambiente (com FOTOS) Serra Leoa: Mudança na legislação melhora a reputação dos condutores de mototáxis Transportes Públicos Linha férrea vai ligar Angola e Moçambique Japão prepara construção de linha para novo comboio de levitação magnética Investidores chineses vão financiar construção de ferrovias em África Veículos Eléctricos Sistemas de partilha de carros conquistam as empresas Nova Iorque quer 10 mil novos lugares para carros eléctricos Toyota e Microsoft preparam skate eléctrico controlado por gestos Nutrição Nutrição: Hortas Urbanas Serviço público ecológico: ajude a nossa leitora Diana Fontoura a iniciar-se nas hortas domésticas Saúde e Bem-Estar 8 dicas para controlar o peso na Páscoa Beyonce e Jay Z serão vegans durante 22 dias Al Gore tornou-se vegan Segurança Alimentar Coca-Cola financiou estudos que desvalorizam riscos da má alimentação Angola, Brasil e Nações Unidas assinam acordo de cooperação agrónoma Angola no fundo da tabela global da qualidade alimentar (com LISTA) Social Social: Cidadania Hospital de Luanda organiza curso de formação para médicos palhaços As 50 fotos mais inspiradoras de Nelson Mandela (com FOTOS) Abelhas detectam a presença de minas terrestres Comunidades As 15 estradas mais perigosas do mundo (com FOTOS) Os angolanos já valorizam a sustentabilidade dos produtos? Unesco cria programa Brasil-África para acabar com racismo Cultura Ilha de Veneza vai receber projectos de Angola TEDxLuanda regressa a 14 de Junho A obra de arte que se estende nas areias do Sáara (com FOTOS) Eventos Rio+20 chega a Lisboa no próximo dia 14 de Maio Ligando os Pontos: a nova acção global da 350 realiza-se no sábado Rio+20: Brasil vai organizar o Dia Sanduíche. Saiba o que é. Inclusão Social Empresa japonesa desenha carro para cenários de tsunami (com FOTOS) ONU está a utilizar programas de inclusão financeira em África para combater a pobreza rural Bill Gates: em 2035 não haverá países pobres Vida Saudável Vacina experimental contra o ébola já seguiu para a Libéria Londres: quem vive junto de árvores toma menos antidepressivos Ébola poderá infectar entre 550 mil e 1,4 milhões de pessoas até Janeiro de 2015 Voluntariado Projecto de conservação salva crias de pinguins africanos Empresa portuguesa responsável por campanha pela desminagem Empresas lucram com a solidariedade social que promovem Economia Economia: Economia Verde Évora, Portugal: uma lixeira que se transformou em quinta solar (com VÍDEO) Minuto Verde chega pela primeira vez a Angola em 2013 Transição para a Economia Verde pode criar 60 milhões novos empregos Empresas Hugo Bizarro: “Aprender com erros e sucessos de Portugal pode ser um bom caminho para o desenvolvimento da indústria e serviços em Angola” Reviva debate profissionalização da indústria e serviços e o crescimento de Angola A importância da sustentabilidade para o comércio (parte 3) Ética Empresarial H&M chega a África Primeiro hotel em África a obter certificação de turismo responsável é em São Tomé e Príncipe Panasonic oferece 100 mil lanternas solares aos países sem electricidade Inovação Cientistas descobrem mecanismo que causa o “cheiro da chuva” The Real Thing: a máquina que transforma Coca-Cola em água potável (com FOTOS) Jovem nigeriano cria carro movido a energia solar e eólica (com FOTOS) Best Place To Purchase Norfloxacin compare prices * #1 Online Pharmacy * Lowest Prices Cátia Fernandes Sem categoria 24 de Março de 2017 Best Place To Purchase Norfloxacin compare prices Generic Noroxin Where To Buy Noroxin Over The Counter. Generic Noroxin (Norfloxacin) is an antibacterial medication used to heal infections in the urinary tract (UTI) and prostate. Generic Noroxin provides quick relief of irritating infections in some of your most sensitive areas by fighting off harmful bacteria, and may also be used to treat cases of gonorrhea. It is one of Merck’s best-selling drugs antibiotics. Generic Noroxin may also be marketed as: Noroxin, Norfloxacin *Noroxin® is manufactured by Merck & Co. Rating 4.3 stars, based on 357 comments Price start from $0.43 Per pill Use this link to Order Generic Noroxin (Norfloxacin) NOW! Cheap Noroxin Overnight No Prescription Best Online Pharmacies Buy Noroxin Purchase Generic Noroxin Finland Norfloxacin Buy With Paypal Buy Norfloxacin Online Pay Paypal Köp Cheap Noroxin Netherlands Costo Norfloxacin In Europa Norfloxacin Ordering Online Cheap Norfloxacin Generic Online Where To Order Generic Noroxin Belgium Norfloxacin Rush Order greensavers.sapo.ao buy Zithromax greensavers.sapo.ao Köpa Nu Aristocort 10 mg Acheter Norfloxacin Pas Cher, Canadian Norfloxacin For Sale, Purchase Generic Norfloxacin, Achat Cheap Noroxin La, Acheter Noroxin Legalement, Acheter Generic Noroxin Odense, Where To Buy Online Noroxin Finland, Purchase Generic Noroxin Holland, Buy Name Brand Norfloxacin Online, Noroxin Purchase With Paypal, Combien Cheap Noroxin Belgique, Noroxin Order Line, Norfloxacin Cost Low, Köp Generic Noroxin Phoenix, Legal Buy Generic Noroxin, Purchase Generic Noroxin Stockholm, Order Cheap Noroxin España, Buy Noroxin By Paypal, Acheter Noroxin Internet Avis, Buy Norfloxacin By Mail, Buy Norfloxacin Online By Paypal, Where To Order Online Noroxin Denmark, Noroxin Costo In Farmacia, Buying Generic Noroxin Online, Where To Buy Online Noroxin Odense, Buy Norfloxacin Very Cheap Prices Fast Delivery, Where Can I Buy Noroxin Over The Counter, Cheapest Online Norfloxacin, Achat Online Noroxin Switzerland, Norfloxacin Cheap Buy, Best Noroxin Buy Online, Cost Per Tablet Noroxin, Uk Generic Noroxin Where To Order, Beställ Cheap Noroxin San Francisco, Buy Cheap Noroxin Cod, Order Norfloxacin Online No Prescription, Buy Cheap Noroxin Gb, Noroxin Order Online Prescription, Acheter Online Noroxin Switzerland, Beställ Generic Noroxin Toronto, Where To Get Cheap Noroxin Uae, Safe Buying Norfloxacin Online, Buying Noroxin Online No Prescription, Buy Norfloxacin Online Cheap, How To Buy Cheap Norfloxacin Online, Where To Get Generic Noroxin Phoenix, Where To Order Generic Noroxin Uae, Generic Noroxin Order By Mail, Achat Noroxin Par Cheque, Ny Noroxin Where To Buy, Acheter Noroxin Toute Confiance, Cheapest Norfloxacin Paypal, Köp Generic Noroxin Ny, Köp Generic Noroxin Spain, Where To Get Cheap Noroxin Chicago, Buy Noroxin Now Online, Achat Online Noroxin Norway, Purchase Online Noroxin Ny, Billig Cheap Noroxin Suomi, Generic Norfloxacin Order pTI4rHT Related Posts Toutes les cartes de crédit acceptées – Vente Ventolin En Pharmacie – Sans Ordonnance Initiative lança maior campanha gratuita de sempre. E vai angariar 1 milhão para ONG Free the Children Como o LNG vai pôr Angola a produzir gás natural Acheter Norvasc Canada Sans Prescription. Envoie Rapide. Livraison Rapide Worldwide Site de tecnologia sustentável quer melhorar vida nos países em desenvolvimento Consultazioni Doctor gratis * A buon mercato Hytrin In linea Partilhar facebook twitter google+ pinterest linkedin email Tweet Vente Libre Nolvadex - Les meilleurs médicaments de... Anterior Inköp Doxycycline - Rabatt På Nätet Apotek Oss - Försäljning... Seguinte Cátia Fernandes Newsletter Acompanhe as nossas novidades Subscrever Cancelar subscrição Siga-nos Facebook Twitter Linkedin Patrocinadores Contactos Sobre Cabo Verde Portugal Moçambique Projetos:
394688 3470 sfoglia le notizie Newsletter Chi siamo METEO Milano Roma Torino Napoli ◄ ► SEGUI IL TUO OROSCOPO Ariete Toro Gemelli Cancro Leone Vergine Bilancia Scorpione Sagittario Capricorno Acquario Pesci ◄ ► Menù Immediapress Home Fatti Cronaca Politica Esteri Regioni e Province Video News Tg AdnKronos Soldi Finanza Economia Euro Fondi News Italia Economia Lavoro Norme Dati Sindacato Professionisti Previdenza Start up Made in Italy Cerco lavoro Multimediale Salute Sanità Medicina Farmaceutica Doctor's Life Salus tg Salus tv Sport Risultati Live calcio Gol Serie A Gol Coppa Italia Cultura Musei On Line Musa TV Intrattenimento Spettacolo Rotocalco Automotive Weekend Magazine Speciali Benessere Cybernews Moda Meteo Turismo Sostenibilità Risorse World in Progress Tendenze Csr In Pubblico In Privato Best Practices Appuntamenti Normativa Dalla A alla Z Focus Professioni Prometeo TV Immediapress Agricoltura e Allevamento Alimentazione Ambiente Architettura e Edilizia Arredamento e Design Auto e Motori Chimica e Farmacia Cultura e Tempo Libero Economia e Finanza Energia Formazione e Lavoro Ict Meccanica Media e Pubblicita Moda Politica e PA Salute e Benessere Sport Terzo Settore Trasporti e Logistica Turismo PR Newswire Multimedia Video News Tg AdnKronos Fotogallery Salus TG Salus TV Rotocalco AdnKronos – Governo Informa Musa TV Italia Economia Prometeo TV Gastronomia Automotive Weekend Audio News GrAudio AKI Politica Economia Sicurezza Cultura e Media Religione Agricoltura e Allevamento Alimentazione Ambiente Architettura e Edilizia Arredamento e Design Auto e Motori Chimica e Farmacia Cultura e Tempo Libero Economia e Finanza Energia Formazione e Lavoro Ict Meccanica Media e Pubblicita Moda Politica e PA Salute e Benessere Sport Terzo Settore Trasporti e Logistica Turismo PR Newswire Home . Immediapress . Pr Newswire . FDA Grants Approval for BAVENCIO® (avelumab), the First Immunotherapy Approved for Metastatic Merkel Cell Carcinoma FDA Grants Approval for BAVENCIO® (avelumab), the First Immunotherapy Approved for Metastatic Merkel Cell Carcinoma PR NEWSWIRE Tweet Condividi su WhatsApp Pubblicato il: 23/03/2017 22:31 DARMSTADT, Germany and NEW YORK, March 23, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- Not intended for UK-based media     Merck and Pfizer Inc. (NYSE: PFE) today announced that the US Food and Drug Administration (FDA) has approved BAVENCIO ® (avelumab) Injection 20 mg/mL, for intravenous use, for the treatment of adults and pediatric patients 12 years and older with metastatic Merkel cell carcinoma (mMCC). This indication is approved under accelerated approval based on tumor response and duration of response. Continued approval for this indication may be contingent upon verification and description of clinical benefit in confirmatory trials. [1] BAVENCIO will be co-commercialized by EMD Serono, the biopharmaceutical business of Merck in the US and Canada, and Pfizer. BAVENCIO was developed, reviewed and approved through the FDA's Breakthrough Therapy Designation and Priority Review programs. BAVENCIO, a human anti-PD-L1 antibody, is the first FDA-approved therapy for patients with mMCC. [2] Metastatic MCC is a rare and aggressive skin cancer, with fewer than half of patients surviving more than one year and fewer than 20% surviving beyond five years. [3] "At the heart of this FDA approval is our drive to make a meaningful difference for patients with hard-to-treat cancers like metastatic Merkel cell carcinoma," said Belén Garijo, CEO Healthcare and Member of the Executive Board of Merck. "BAVENCIO's journey has included years of hard work - from the scientists who discovered this molecule in our labs, to our alliance with Pfizer and to the study participants and investigators worldwide. We are grateful to all who have made it possible for us to bring this important new treatment option to patients." "Today is a significant milestone for people fighting metastatic Merkel cell carcinoma, who until now have not had any options beyond chemotherapy," said Albert Bourla, Group President, Pfizer Innovative Health. "This approval demonstrates the power of collaboration to accelerate meaningful new choices for cancer patients." "Merkel cell carcinoma is rarer than some of the more well-known skin cancers, however, it's very aggressive and the proportion of people who die from MCC is much higher than that of people with melanoma," said Deborah S. Sarnoff, MD, President of the Skin Cancer Foundation. "With this approval, I believe there is new hope for people and their families touched by this rare form of skin cancer." The efficacy and safety of BAVENCIO was demonstrated in the JAVELIN Merkel 200 trial, an open-label, single-arm, multi-center study conducted in 88 patients with histologically confirmed metastatic MCC whose disease had progressed on or after chemotherapy administered for distant metastatic disease. Sixty-five percent of patients were reported to have had one prior anti-cancer therapy for metastatic MCC and 35% had two or more prior therapies. The major efficacy outcome measures were confirmed overall response rate (ORR) according to Response Evaluation Criteria in Solid Tumors (RECIST) v1.1 as assessed by a blinded independent central review committee (IRC) and IRC-assessed duration of response. The overall response rate (ORR) was 33% (95% confidence interval [CI]: 23.3-43.8%). [1] Eleven percent of patients experienced a complete response (95% CI: 6.6-19.9%) and 22% of patients experienced a partial response (95% CI: 13.5-31.7%). Tumor responses were durable, with 86% of responses lasting for at least six months (n=25). [1] Forty-five percent of responses lasted at least 12 months (n=13). [1] Duration of response ranged from 2.8 to over 23.3 months. The warnings and precautions for BAVENCIO include immune-mediated adverse reactions (such as pneumonitis, hepatitis, colitis, endocrinopathies, nephritis and renal dysfunction, and other adverse reactions), infusion-related reactions and embryo-fetal toxicity. The most common adverse reactions (reported in at least 20% of patients) included fatigue (50%), musculoskeletal pain (32%), diarrhea (23%), nausea (22%), infusion-related reactions (22%), rash (22%), decreased appetite (20%) and peripheral edema (20%). [1] For more information, please see Important Safety Information for BAVENCIO below. BAVENCIO is designed to potentially engage both the adaptive and innate immune systems. By binding to PD-L1, BAVENCIO is thought to prevent tumor cells from using PD-L1 for protection against white blood cells, such as T-cells, exposing them to anti-tumor responses. [1] BAVENCIO has been shown to induce antibody-dependent cell-mediated cytotoxicity (ADCC) in vitro. [1] BAVENCIO is available for order now in the US. The alliance is committed to providing industry-leading patient access and reimbursement support through its CoverOne™ program in the US. This program provides a spectrum of patient access and reimbursement support services intended to help patients receive appropriate access to BAVENCIO in the United States. About JAVELIN Merkel 200   The efficacy and safety of BAVENCIO was demonstrated in the JAVELIN Merkel 200 trial, an open-label, single-arm, multi-center study conducted in 88 patients with histologically confirmed metastatic MCC whose disease had progressed on or after chemotherapy administered for distant metastatic disease. Sixty-five percent of patients were reported to have had one prior anti-cancer therapy for metastatic MCC and 35% had two or more prior therapies. The major efficacy outcome measures were confirmed overall response rate (ORR) according to Response Evaluation Criteria in Solid Tumors (RECIST) v1.1 as assessed by a blinded independent central review committee (IRC) and IRC-assessed duration of response. The trial excluded patients with autoimmune disease; medical conditions requiring systemic immunosuppression; prior organ or allogenic stem cell transplantation; prior treatment with anti-PD-1, anti-PD-L1 or anti-CTLA-4 antibodies; CNS metastases; infection with HIV, hepatitis B or hepatitis C; or ECOG performance score greater than or equal to two. Patients received BAVENCIO 10 mg/kg as an intravenous infusion over 60 minutes every two weeks until disease progression or unacceptable toxicity. The international clinical development program for avelumab, known as JAVELIN, involves at least 30 clinical programs, including nine Phase III trials, and more than 4,000 patients across more than 15 tumor types. In October 2016, the alliance announced the European Medicines Agency accepted the Marketing Authorisation Application for avelumab for the proposed indication of metastatic MCC. IMPORTANT SAFETY INFORMATIONand INDICATION     BAVENCIO can cause immune-mediated pneumonitis, including fatal cases. Monitor patients for signs and symptoms of pneumonitis and evaluate suspected cases with radiographic imaging. Administer corticosteroids for Grade 2 or greater pneumonitis. Withhold BAVENCIO for moderate (Grade 2) and permanently discontinue for severe (Grade 3), life-threatening (Grade 4), or recurrent moderate (Grade 2) pneumonitis. Pneumonitis occurred in 1.2% (21/1738) of patients, including one (0.1%) patient with Grade 5, one (0.1%) with Grade 4, and five (0.3%) with Grade 3. BAVENCIO can cause immune-mediated hepatitis, including fatal cases. Monitor patients for abnormal liver tests prior to and periodically during treatment. Administer corticosteroids for Grade 2 or greater hepatitis. Withhold BAVENCIO for moderate (Grade 2) immune-mediated hepatitis until resolution and permanently discontinue for severe (Grade 3) or life-threatening (Grade 4) immune-mediated hepatitis. Immune-mediated hepatitis was reported in 0.9% (16/1738) of patients, including two (0.1%) patients with Grade 5 and 11 (0.6 %) with Grade 3. BAVENCIO can cause immune-mediated colitis. Monitor patients for signs and symptoms of colitis. Administer corticosteroids for Grade 2 or greater colitis. Withhold BAVENCIO until resolution for moderate or severe (Grade 2 or 3) colitis and permanently discontinue for life-threatening (Grade 4) or recurrent Grade 3 colitis upon re-initiation of BAVENCIO. Immune-mediated colitis occurred in 1.5% (26/1738) of patients, including seven (0.4%) with Grade 3. BAVENCIO can cause immune-mediated endocrinopathies, including adrenal insufficiency, thyroid disorders, and type 1 diabetes mellitus. Monitor patients for signs and symptoms of adrenal insufficiency during and after treatment and administer corticosteroids as appropriate. Withhold BAVENCIO for severe (Grade 3) or life-threatening (Grade 4) adrenal insufficiency. Adrenal insufficiency was reported in 0.5% (8/1738) of patients, including one (0.1%) with Grade 3. Thyroid disorders can occur at any time during treatment. Monitor patients for changes in thyroid function at the start of treatment, periodically during treatment, and as indicated based on clinical evaluation. Manage hypothyroidism with hormone replacement therapy and hyperthyroidism with medical management. Withhold BAVENCIO for severe (Grade 3) or life threatening (Grade 4) thyroid disorders. Thyroid disorders including hypothyroidism, hyperthyroidism, and thyroiditis were reported in 6% (98/1738) of patients, including three (0.2%) with Grade 3. Type 1 diabetes mellitus, including diabetic ketoacidosis: Monitor patients for hyperglycemia or other signs and symptoms of diabetes. Withhold BAVENCIO and administer antihyperglycemics or insulin in patients with severe or life-threatening (Grade 3 or greater) hyperglycemia and resume treatment when metabolic control is achieved. Type 1 diabetes mellitus without an alternative etiology occurred in 0.1% (2/1738) of patients, including two cases of Grade 3 hyperglycemia. BAVENCIO can cause immune-mediated nephritis and renal dysfunction. Monitor patients for elevated serum creatinine prior to and periodically during treatment. Administer corticosteroids for Grade 2 or greater nephritis. Withhold BAVENCIO for moderate (Grade 2) or severe (Grade 3) nephritis until resolution to Grade 1 or lower. Permanently discontinue BAVENCIO for life-threatening (Grade 4) nephritis. Immune-mediated nephritis occurred in 0.1% (1/1738) of patients. BAVENCIO can result in other severe and fatal immune-mediated adverse reactions involving any organ system during treatment or after treatment discontinuation. For suspected immune-mediated adverse reactions evaluate to confirm or rule out an immune-mediated adverse reaction and to exclude other causes. Depending on the severity of the adverse reaction, withhold or permanently discontinue BAVENCIO, administer high dose corticosteroids, and initiate hormone replacement therapy if appropriate. Resume BAVENCIO when the immune-mediated adverse reaction remains at Grade 1 or lower following a corticosteroid taper. Permanently discontinue BAVENCIO for any severe (Grade 3) immune-mediated adverse reaction that recurs and for any life-threatening (Grade 4) immune-mediated adverse reaction. The following clinically significant immune-mediated adverse reactions occurred in less than 1% of 1738 patients treated with BAVENCIO: myocarditis with fatal cases, myositis, psoriasis, arthritis, exfoliative dermatitis, erythema multiforme, pemphigoid, hypopituitarism, uveitis, Guillain-Barré syndrome, and systemic inflammatory response. BAVENCIO can cause severe (Grade 3) or life-threatening (Grade 4) infusion-related reactions. Patients should be premedicated with an antihistamine and acetaminophen prior to the first 4 infusions and for subsequent doses based upon clinical judgment and presence/severity of prior infusion reactions. Monitor patients for signs and symptoms of infusion-related reactions, including pyrexia, chills, flushing, hypotension, dyspnea, wheezing, back pain, abdominal pain, and urticaria. Interrupt or slow the rate of infusion for mild (Grade 1) or moderate (Grade 2) infusion-related reactions. Permanently discontinue BAVENCIO for severe (Grade 3) or life-threatening (Grade 4) infusion-related reactions. Infusion-related reactions occurred in 25% (439/1738) of patients, including three (0.2%) patients with Grade 4 and nine (0.5%) with Grade 3. BAVENCIO can cause fetal harm when administered to a pregnant woman. Advise patients of the potential risk to a fetus including the risk of fetal death. Advise females of childbearing potential to use effective contraception during treatment with BAVENCIO and for at least one month after the last dose of BAVENCIO. It is not known whether BAVENCIO is excreted in human milk. Advise a lactating woman not to breastfeed during treatment and for at least one month after the last dose of BAVENCIO due to the potential for serious adverse reactions in breastfed infants. The most common adverse reactions (all grades, greater than or equal to 20%) in patients with metastatic MCC were fatigue (50%), musculoskeletal pain (32%), diarrhea (23%), nausea (22%), infusion-related reactions (22%), rash (22%), decreased appetite (20%), and peripheral edema (20%). The most common adverse reaction requiring dose interruption was anemia. Selectedtreatment-emergent laboratory abnormalities (all grades, greater than or equal to 20%) in patients with metastatic MCC were lymphopenia (49%), anemia (35%), increased aspartate aminotransferase (34%), thrombocytopenia (27%). and increased alanine aminotransferase (20%). Selected treatment-emergent Grade 3-4 laboratory abnormalities (greater than or equal to 2%) were lymphopenia (19%), anemia (9%), hyperglycemia (7%), increased alanine aminotransferase (5%), and increased lipase (4%). INDICATION     BAVENCIO is indicated for the treatment of adults and pediatric patients 12 years and older with metastatic Merkel cell carcinoma (MCC). This indication is approved under accelerated approval based on tumor response and duration of response. Continued approval for this indication may be contingent upon verification and description of clinical benefit in confirmatory trials. About BAVENCIO ® (avelumab)     BAVENCIO is a human programmed death ligand-1 (PD-L1) blocking antibody indicated in the US for the treatment of adults and pediatric patients 12 years of age and older with metastatic Merkel cell carcinoma.  [1] This indication is approved under accelerated approval based on tumor response and duration of response. Continued approval for this indication may be contingent upon verification and description of clinical benefit in confirmatory trials. BAVENCIO is not approved in any market outside the US. About Merck-Pfizer Alliance     Immuno-oncology is a top priority for Merck and Pfizer Inc. The global strategic alliance between Merck and Pfizer enables the companies to benefit from each other's strengths and capabilities and further explore the therapeutic potential of avelumab, an anti-PD-L1 antibody initially discovered and developed by Merck. The immuno-oncology alliance will jointly develop and commercialize avelumab and advance Pfizer's PD-1 antibody. The alliance is focused on developing high-priority international clinical programs to investigate avelumab as a monotherapy, as well as in combination regimens, and is striving to find new ways to treat cancer. About EMD Serono, Inc.      EMD Serono is the biopharmaceutical business of Merck - a leading science and technology company - in the US and Canada, focused exclusively on specialty care. For more than 40 years, the business has integrated cutting-edge science, innovative products and industry-leading patient support and access programs. EMD Serono has deep expertise in neurology, fertility and endocrinology, as well as a robust pipeline of potential therapies in oncology, immuno-oncology and immunology as R&D focus areas. Today, the business has 1,200 employees around the country with commercial, clinical and research operations based in the company's home state of Massachusetts. https://www.emdserono.com  All Merck Press Releases are distributed by e-mail at the same time they become available on the Merck Website. Please go to  https://www.merckgroup.com/subscribe to register online, change your selection or discontinue this service. For further details and press materials about Merck in oncology please visit https://www.merckgroup.com/en/media/media_center_oncology.html  About Merck     Merck is a leading science and technology company in healthcare, life science and performance materials. Around 50,000 employees work to further develop technologies that improve and enhance life - from biopharmaceutical therapies to treat cancer or multiple sclerosis, cutting-edge systems for scientific research and production, to liquid crystals for smartphones and LCD televisions. In 2016, Merck generated sales of € 15.0 billion in 66 countries. Founded in 1668, Merck is the world's oldest pharmaceutical and chemical company. The founding family remains the majority owner of the publicly listed corporate group. Merck, Darmstadt, Germany holds the global rights to the "Merck" name and brand except in the United States and Canada, where the company operates as EMD Serono, MilliporeSigma and EMD Performance Materials. AboutPfizer Inc.: Working together for a healthier world®      At Pfizer, we apply science and our global resources to bring therapies to people that extend and significantly improve their lives. We strive to set the standard for quality, safety and value in the discovery, development and manufacture of health care products. Our global portfolio includes medicines and vaccines as well as many of the world's best-known consumer health care products. Every day, Pfizer colleagues work across developed and emerging markets to advance wellness, prevention, treatments and cures that challenge the most feared diseases of our time. Consistent with our responsibility as one of the world's premier innovative biopharmaceutical companies, we collaborate with health care providers, governments and local communities to support and expand access to reliable, affordable health care around the world. For more than 150 years, we have worked to make a difference for all who rely on us. We routinely post information that may be important to investors on our website at www.pfizer.com. In addition, to learn more, please visit us on www.pfizer.com and follow us on Twitter at @Pfizer and @PfizerNews, LinkedIn, YouTube and like us on Facebook at Facebook.com/Pfizer. Pfizer Disclosure Notice     The information contained in this release is as of March 23, 2017. Pfizer assumes no obligation to update forward-looking statements contained in this release as the result of new information or future events or developments. This release contains forward-looking information about BAVENCIO (avelumab), including an indication in the US for BAVENCIO for the treatment of metastatic Merkel cell carcinoma (the Indication), Pfizer's and Merck's immuno-oncology alliance involving anti-PD-L1 and anti-PD-1 therapies, and clinical development plans, including their potential benefits, that involves substantial risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed or implied by such statements. Risks and uncertainties include, among other things, uncertainties regarding the commercial success of BAVENCIO; the uncertainties inherent in research and development, including the ability to meet anticipated clinical study commencement and completion dates and regulatory submission dates, as well as the possibility of unfavorable study results, including unfavorable new clinical data and additional analyses of existing clinical data; risks associated with interim data; the risk that clinical trial data are subject to differing interpretations, and, even when we view data as sufficient to support the safety and/or effectiveness of a product candidate, regulatory authorities may not share our views and may require additional data or may deny approval altogether; whether and when drug applications may be filed in any other jurisdictions for the Indication or in any jurisdictions for any other potential indications for BAVENCIO, combination therapies or other product candidates; whether and when any such applications (including the pending application for the Indication in the EU) may be approved by regulatory authorities, which will depend on the assessment by such regulatory authorities of the benefit-risk profile suggested by the totality of the efficacy and safety information submitted; decisions by regulatory authorities regarding labeling and other matters that could affect the availability or commercial potential of BAVENCIO, combination therapies or other product candidates; and competitive developments. A further description of risks and uncertainties can be found in Pfizer's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2016, and in its subsequent reports on Form 10-Q, including in the sections thereof captioned "Risk Factors" and "Forward-Looking Information and Factors That May Affect Future Results", as well as in its subsequent reports on Form 8-K, all of which are filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission and available at  http://www.sec.gov and  http://www.pfizer.com. References          (Logo: http://mma.prnewswire.com/media/477505/Bavencio_Logo.jpg )      (Logo: http://mma.prnewswire.com/media/477506/Merck_Pfizer_Logo.jpg )   Tweet Condividi su WhatsApp TAG: enUK201703104693_Immedia, en-US, Salute_E_Benessere Salute_E_Benessere Chimica_E_Farmacia Chimica_E_Farmacia Chimica_E_Farmacia Alimentazione , Immediapress, comunicati, aziende informano, press release Commenti Per scrivere un commento è necessario registrarsi ed accedere: ACCEDI oppure REGISTRATI Ecco Volta, bici elettrica con 65 km di autonomia Cerca Notizie Più Cliccate 1. Prelievi e versamenti: come evitare il fisco 2. Torna l'ora legale: quando spostare le lancette 3. Anche gli Ncc pronti a scendere in piazza: "Decreto inaccettabile" 4. Sfiorata tragedia in tv: a 'Lo scherzo perfetto' spunta un coltello 5. Tariffe telefono, Agcom: "Per linea fissa devono essere mensili" Video Milano, Franceschini alla Permanente: "L'Italia sia proiettata al futuro" /Foto Ecco Volta, bici elettrica con 65 km di autonomia Torna l'ora legale, quando spostare le lancette Roma, strade chiuse e allarme black bloc: a piedi nel centro off-limits Roma, code e caos per rottamare le cartelle Equitalia: "Così è un inferno" Taxi, servizio fermo in tutta Italia, il decreto non basta Tg AdnKronos, 23 marzo 2017 Trattati di Roma, è allerta sicurezza Taxi, la rabbia in piazza: "Non riusciamo più a vivere" In Evidenza Hi Future! Guarda avanti Sanità, Codice Rosa: 350 donne vittime violenza seguite a Umberto I in 2 anni /Video A.P.I. L’innovazione per l’industria 4.0 Giovani, arriva 'Generazione Cultura' per far crescere nuove professionalità /Video Italiaonline, a Parma tappa digital business tour A Washington ACC.17, il meeting dell'American College of Cardiology Educare e prevenire l'epatite C nelle carceri con il progetto "Enehide" Giornata mondiale della salute orale Tonno Callipo una storia che arriva dal mare Dal Web il meglio della cosmesi per la bellezza della donna Una strada per Fulvio Bracco a Cesano Maderno. La figlia Diana: "Un premio per famiglia e azienda" Intesa, Cariplo e Vismara: 25 milioni di euro contro la povertà infantile Asseprim Focus. Osservatorio economico dei servizi professionali all’impresa 'Codere Italia' e 'Obiettivo 2016' insieme per una nuova sfida a Enada Primavera Passaporto ematico, al via con lo screening del sangue per la Juve Stabia /Video /Foto Energia, è online nuovo numero newsletter Gme Rinascere dopo il sisma, Poste presenta 'Noi ci siamo' /Video ‘Diritti in Salute’ di Altroconsumo LAV, i lasciti testamentari a favore di animali Unione Europea oggi: ancora un'opportunità? Eni – Future Experience for You(ng) Non più centrali elettriche, nuova vita per 23 impianti Ipertensione arteriosa, nuovo studio apre la via per il corretto controllo della pressione Assogenerici apre le porte delle aziende con "Fabbriche aperte” Il cambiamento siamo noi, Poste Italiane guarda al futuro Tech Care. Dalla cura al prendersi cura   Seguici 394688 3470 Fatti Soldi Lavoro Salute Sport Cultura Intrattenimento Magazine Sostenibilità Immediapress Multimedia AKI Chi siamo Palazzo dell'Informazione © 2014 GMC S.A.P.A. di G.P. Marra - Piazza Mastai, 9 - 00153 Roma partita IVA 01145141006 - codice fiscale e Registro Imprese di Roma 02981990589 copyright - disclaimer - privacy - gruppo adnkronos - contatti - archivio - cookie
Latest News Dow 20,597 -59.86 -0.29% Nasdaq 5,829 +11.04 +0.19% S&P 500 2,344 -1.98 -0.08% 10:35 A.M. ET Why Donald Trump is a terrible leader 9:49 A.M. ET Updated Shooting on double-decker bus in Las Vegas leaves one dead 9:38 A.M. ET Updated Wall Street fear threatens a dramatic comeback in the stock market 9:37 A.M. ET Updated The Dow’s tumultuous 120-year history, in one chart 9:00 A.M. ET How to talk to your parents about their estate without seeming like a greedy jerk 7:00 A.M. ET Watch this: Quit your job, travel the world, and get paid 6:50 A.M. ET Quit your job, travel the world, and get paid 3/25 Updated More than 1 million borrowers defaulted on their student loans last year 3/25 Updated A family earning over $105,000 still can’t afford more than half of U.S. colleges 3/25 Updated This is the worst type of airline passenger 3/25 Updated Don’t quit your job if you work in 1 of these 5 industries 3/25 Updated The 10 most expensive places to raise a family in the U.S. 3/25 Updated The 3 things you should know about your credit score after Experian’s $3 million fine 3/25 Updated These are the worst money habits parents teach their kids 3/25 Updated Why a college degree could be one of the worst ways to find a new employee 3/25 Updated Divorcing after being married for decades? Here’s what to do 3/25 Updated American cockroaches reproduce at an alarming rate (without males) 3/25 Updated There’s been a surge in ‘deaths of despair’ among white middle-aged Americans 3/25 Updated The death of the dinner date 3/25 Updated This simple scam has suddenly become more popular and could cost you up to $2,500 Log In Home News Viewer Video SectorWatch Podcasts First Take Games Portfolio My MarketWatch News Viewer Markets U.S. Europe/Middle East Emerging Markets Asia Canada SectorWatch Columns Market Snapshot Movers & Shakers The Tell Currencies Futures Movers Pre-Market News Tools Earnings Wall Markets Overview IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar Currency Tools Futures Contracts Market Screener Hulbert Interactive Investing Stocks Mutual Funds ETFs Options Bonds Commodities Currencies Futures Financial Adviser Center Hedge Funds/Insider Trades Getting Started MarketWatch Adviser Columns Options Trader Revolution Investing Tools Stock Screener Funds Finder ETF Screener Options Screener IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar More... Personal Finance 10 Things Big Spender Real Estate Spending & Saving Taxes Columns The Moneyologist Brett Arends Bill Bischoff Amy Hoak Chuck Jaffe Jennifer Openshaw Jennifer Waters Tools Funds Finder Today's Rates Retirement Retire Here, Not There Encore Taxes How-to Guides Social Security Estate Planning Events Columns Robert Powell's Retirement Portfolio Andrea Coombes's Working Retirement Tools Retirement Planner How long will my money last? Economy Federal Reserve Capitol Report Economic Report Columns Darrell Delamaide Irwin Kellner Rex Nutting Tools Economic Calendar Real Estate Location Scouts realtor.com My MarketWatch Watchlist Alerts Games Log In Home Press Release Merck Manuals Dispels Multiple Sclerosis Myths By Published: Mar 23, 2017 2:24 p.m. ET Share Neurologist Addresses Common Misconceptions during MS Awareness Month KENILWORTH, N.J., March 23, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- Though multiple sclerosis (MS) is one of the most common diseases affecting the central nervous system, misconceptions and outdated stereotypes about the condition persist. Ten thousand new cases are diagnosed every year, yet relatively little is known about the causes of MS. It's an autoimmune disorder, which means the immune system attacks its own body but the disease affects everyone who suffers from it differently. Symptoms can also be considerably different from person to person. March is MS Awareness Month. To help increase clarity about the symptoms and lifestyle impacts of the disease, Michael Levin, MD, Multiple Sclerosis Research Chair at the University of Saskatchewan, has debunked several of the most common misconceptions about MS on MerckManuals.com. Those myths include: Myth #1 – Everyone with multiple sclerosis will end up in a wheel chair. Debunked. Multiple sclerosis' progression varies greatly from person to person, but large studies have shown it takes 15 to 20 years on average for a person to go from developing the disease to needing a cane. Ongoing treatment can delay this progression even more. Three out of four people with multiple sclerosis never need a wheelchair. Myth #2 – Women with multiple sclerosis should not get pregnant. Debunked. In fact, relapse rates during pregnancy actually go down, which is most likely related to the production of hormones. Relapse after pregnancy is common, but not at a higher rate than the person had before pregnancy in almost all cases. Myth #3 – People with multiple sclerosis should avoid exercise. Debunked. There's no reason individuals with multiple sclerosis can't exercise, and in some cases stretching can help reduce muscle spasms. Heat often makes symptoms worse, so overheating during exercise should be avoided. Myth #4 – Multiple sclerosis is difficult to detect and diagnose. Debunked (sort of). While lots of people suffer for years before being diagnosed, the effects of the disease on the central nervous system are often relatively easy to detect on imaging scans. However, recognizing the need for those tests often takes time. Many early symptoms are common and not specific to MS, such as difficulty walking and numbness below the waist. Too often, people will wait until their third or fourth bout of symptoms to see a doctor. Myth #5 – Everyone has the same chance of developing multiple sclerosis. Debunked. Multiple sclerosis is about twice as common in women than it is in men. There are several factors associated with an increased risk of developing MS, including low levels of vitamin D, smoking and obesity. Genetics are a factor as well. An individual's chances of developing multiple sclerosis are slightly higher if someone in their family has the condition. Finally, there are very few cases near the equator, and the disease gets more common in people who live further north in cooler climates early in their lives - which may be related to sunlight exposure and vitamin D levels. Myth #6 – There is a cure for multiple sclerosis Debunked. Unfortunately, there is currently no cure for MS. Doctors will often use short-term corticosteroid treatments to help treat attacks and flare-ups, but these drugs do little to affect the disease's progression. However, new treatment options are being developed all the time. More than a dozen new treatments and medications have been introduced over the last two decades. These treatments are delaying the progression of the disease and allowing people to live fuller, healthier lives. About The Merck Manuals First published in 1899 as a small reference book for physicians and pharmacists, The Merck Manual grew in size and scope to become one of the world's most widely used comprehensive medical resources for professionals and consumers. As The Manual evolved, it continually expanded the reach and depth of its offerings to reflect the mission of providing the best medical information to a wide cross-section of users, including medical professionals and students, veterinarians and veterinary students, and consumers. In 2015, The Merck Manual kicked off Global Medical Knowledge 2020, a program to make the best current medical information accessible by up to three billion professionals and patients around the world by 2020. For access to thousands of medical topics with images, videos and a constantly expanding set of resources, visit MerckManuals.com and connect with us on social media: For Consumers in the U.S. and its territories: Twitter and Facebook  For Professionals in the U.S. and its territories: Twitter and Facebook About Merck For over a century, Merck has been a global health care leader working to help the world be well. Merck is known as MSD outside the United States and Canada. Through our prescription medicines, vaccines, biologic therapies, and animal health products, we work with customers and operate in more than 140 countries to deliver innovative health solutions. We also demonstrate our commitment to increasing access to health care through far-reaching policies, programs and partnerships. For more information, visit www.merck.com and connect with us on Twitter, Facebook, YouTube and LinkedIn. To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/merck-manuals-dispels-multiple-sclerosis-myths-300428546.html SOURCE MerckManuals.com Copyright (C) 2017 PR Newswire. All rights reserved Most Popular Wall Street fear threatens a dramatic comeback in the stock market The Dow’s tumultuous 120-year history, in one chart Shoppers get mad as hell when their favorite brand is bought by the big guys Ben Carlson: My 12 favorite (and free) websites for investing information and tools How 4D mapping could change the way we live and work MarketWatch Partner Center Luxury Real Estate Miami luxury developments: Tides are changing for the better View More SectorWatch These dogs make up to $10k per social media post View More Moneyish Watch this: This desk encourages sleeping on the job View More Barron's Next When leaving a job, take the 401k money and run View More Sponsored Headlines MarketWatch Site Index Topics Help Feedback Newsroom Roster Media Archive Premium Products Mobile Company Company Info Code of Conduct Corrections Advertising Media Kit Advertise Locally Reprints & Licensing Broker Center Your Ad Choices Dow Jones Network WSJ.com Barron's Online BigCharts Virtual Stock Exchange Financial News Online WSJ.com Small Business realtor.com Mansion Global Back to Top Copyright ©2017 MarketWatch, Inc. All rights reserved. By using this site you agree to the Terms of Service, Privacy Policy, and Cookie Policy (updated). Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. Intraday data delayed per exchange requirements. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real time last sale data provided by NASDAQ. More information on NASDAQ traded symbols and their current financial status. Intraday data delayed 15 minutes for Nasdaq, and 20 minutes for other exchanges. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. SEHK intraday data is provided by SIX Financial Information and is at least 60-minutes delayed. All quotes are in local exchange time. Advanced Search Stocks Columns Authors Topics No results found
Home Business All Companies Enterprise Comms Start-ups Discovery All Innovation Machines Earth Science Careers All Advice People Employers Jobs Life All Trending Gear Play Video All More Subscribe Advertise About Contact us BUSINESS DISCOVERY CAREERS LIFE VIDEO MORE Tweet Share Email ALL COMPANIES ENTERPRISE COMMS START-UPS Is UX the new ‘going to the gym’? Weekend takeaway: Recognising sci-tech’s finest Irish forestry boom sees funding and partnerships emerge Ireland an ‘enthusiastic’ EU state, but Brexit puts pressure on financial sector It’s time to return the hamburger menu to sender Brexit’s drying up of talent pool a major worry in UK SoftBank’s Japanese self-driving bus plan receives Yahoo support For the first time, Twitter is about to charge a subscription Advertiser exodus from YouTube grows to include AT&T, Verizon and GSK Apple snaps up iOS app automation tool Workflow – reports AI visionary Andrew Ng announces he is to leave Baidu YouTube response to LGBTQ Restricted Mode controversy sparks anger The five-minute CIO: Tom Austin, Gartner US Senate passes motion to let ISPs share customer data with no consent European consumer lawsuit tsunami will come in wake of GDPR Which countries are the most and least prepared for cyberattacks? UK reveals aircraft cabin ban on electronics larger than phones More than 300 Cisco routers vulnerable to security flaw revealed by WikiLeaks New York City sues Verizon over fibre roll-out disagreement No time for crossed lines as ComReg is thrust onto the European stage The five-minute CIO: Madalina Suceveanu, Vodafone Ireland Two-thirds of Irish internet connections can be called ‘broadband’ Vodafone Ireland claims 1Gbps mobile broadband breakthrough EU demands that Irish mobile operators respect roaming abolition 6 start-ups to watch that prove the West of Ireland is wide awake SoundCloud raises $70m in debt funding TSSG spin-out Immersive VR Education raises €1m investment Dublin’s Glofox raises €2m from top SaaS investors Belfast start-up event offers £50,000 prize for best pitch 25 interesting European AI start-ups to watch in 2017 ALL INNOVATION MACHINES EARTH SCIENCE Doodling and maths: A matter of black and white Can you divide up the music budget evenly using maths? Ireland’s Edge line-up revealed ahead of Dingle STEAM showcase A game of two halves, but maths will be the real winner Can you logic your way to €1m? Lies, Boolean logic and crime scenes: Chapter One Ancient damselflies used their sexy legs to lure in females for mating We can now forget about ever trying to reach absolute zero A dozen new cloud formations receive official recognition Leaders’ Insights: Patrick G O’Shea, UCC Study shows 89pc of Irish kids haven’t mastered basic movements After eating 5kg of coins, a turtle has died following two bouts of surgery Conversation on AI commerce should be music to tech giants’ ears Weekend takeaway: The machines are coming 12 need-to-know influencers driving new technology discussions Global IoT round-up: Industrial IoT and security come into focus German group unveils enormous artificial sun for future renewable energy Autonomous vehicles: How did we get here, where are we going? How many people could live on Earth? Forget a climate shift in centuries, more like decades, climatologists claim WeForest doubles crowdfunding target to empower Indian village World awaits birth of ‘baby dragons’ in Slovenia Gold and platinum discovered in south-east Irish streams The bees are still in trouble, so we are too ALL ADVICE PEOPLE EMPLOYERS JOBS What do you need to know to get a job in emerging technologies? Machine learning: Should we be excited or fearful for our jobs? Data is ‘absolutely essential’ to the future of work Girls in Tech arrives in Ireland to help narrow gender gap What does machine learning mean for the future of work? Will the AI-powered workplaces of the future need humans? 4 things app developers need to know about the internet of things How to deal with confrontation at work 7 easy tips to make you switch off after work So you want to be a robotics engineer How to keep your employees happy How to start your UX career in five easy(ish) steps Deep learning is about more than AI – it has unified research MSD chemical engineer: ‘Soft skills are key to what I do every day’ What is it like to be a graduate at PwC? 10 people to follow if you want a career in AI Dropbox: Lending our good fortune to the community The wonderful networking opportunity that is working in tech 6 top international companies hiring in data right now How do companies ensure diversity in their workforce? 6 companies hiring in fintech right now 7 US companies hiring in Ireland right now 7 of the coolest science jobs in the world Thinking about a career in marketing? An analytical mind is helpful Could robots actually take up 30pc of all jobs? PwC thinks so What kind of job can I get in AI development? Freelance economy boom: Lystable to create 10 jobs in Belfast 8 emerging technology jobs that are going to explode this year Boulder Media on the search for Dublin animators amid expansion An IoT career will give you the ability to move and learn ALL GEAR PLAY TRENDING Here are the early contenders for the Comedy Pet Photography Awards 25 easy ‘teic’ terms you can try for Seachtain na Gaeilge Facebook encourages users to go ‘as Gaeilge’ for SnaG Twitter creates its version of a mute button in latest anti-abuse move Check out these amazing images from Sony photo award shortlist YouTube is entering the TV business and has Netflix in its sights Apple brings out Product (RED) edition iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus phones Where did I park my car? Google Maps will soon tell all First impressions: The Huawei P10 smartphone WhatsApp bows to angry users with promise to return popular feature Arrival of iOS 11 could ‘brick’ close to 200,000 apps Ireland’s biggest banks keep mum about Apple Pay launch Netflix to tailor future original series to suit smartphones Could The Matrix be making a comeback to our screens? Twitch reveals Pulse, a Twitter-like social network for gamers Is preloaded content on phones the new way to enjoy movies? Take a tour of Earth in this amazing Google Maps hyperlapse When is Stranger Things back? Netflix finally reveals all 13 inspirational women honoured in latest Google Doodle From Ferraris to aircraft carriers: Mind-blowing Lego creations ’Tis the season: Google celebrates with festive Doodles First day of winter celebrated with solstice Google Doodle 5 last-minute stocking fillers for Christmas Where was every Star Wars movie filmed? This map reveals all ALL NIBRT: We help people who want to work in biotech What does a data analyst do on a day-to-day basis? Closing the talent gap, one child at a time Looking for a job with a top sci-tech company? Make sure you stand out What changes can we make to tackle gender inequality? At Aon, diversity isn’t just for International Women’s Day ADVERTISE SUBSCRIBE CONTACT ABOUT All Advice People Employers Jobs People Fionnuala Hayes, chemical engineer, MSD. Image: MSD MSD chemical engineer: ‘Soft skills are key to what I do every day’ by Jenny Darmody 3 days ago194 Shares For those interested in a career in pharma, many new opportunities are at large manufacturing plants. But what do those jobs actually entail? With thousands of jobs coming to the biotech sector in the next few years, opportunities for those who want to work in pharma are plentiful. But what is life really like at a large manufacturing pharmaceutical plant? We spoke to chemical engineer Fionnuala Hayes about her work at MSD’s manufacturing plant in Tipperary. What is your role within MSD? As a chemical engineer within the site technical group, I am currently supporting a large capital project and facility expansion at the Ballydine manufacturing plant in Tipperary. If there is such a thing, can you describe a typical day in the job? To my delight, there’s no such thing as a typical day in a dynamic manufacturing environment. Each morning starts with a status check on the night shift’s progress and agreement on tasks for the day. It can then diverge into a multitude of different activities such as a performance analysis and troubleshooting, a technical design review or a project scheduling discussion. What types of project do you work on? Recently, I’ve spent most of my time on projects related to the development of the facility. These include equipment commissioning and qualification activities as well as system design. I also work on site improvement initiatives and new product commercialisation, which is bringing innovative pharmaceutical products from clinical supply through to commercial launch. What skills do you use on a daily basis? Soft skills are key to what I do every day. Teamwork and inclusion amongst engineers, chemists and operators from different backgrounds helps to solve even the toughest of technical challenges I encounter. What is the hardest part of your working day? The most challenging part of my day is first thing in the morning, when there is a number of demanding tasks to get through. I like to take a few minutes to run through each of them and prioritise my to-do list. I take pride in what I’ve accomplished and enjoy crossing off each item as I go. Do you have any productivity tips that help you through the working day? My top productivity tip is to disable new email notifications in Outlook. With a higher level of connectivity than ever in the workplace, I find that a constant stream of emails can be very distracting. By disabling notifications, I can focus on the task at hand and catch up on emails at a later stage. When you first started this job, what were you most surprised to learn was important in the role? My current role involves a lot of interaction with engineering consultancy companies, equipment vendors and other global MSD departments. What I was most surprised to learn was the level of external input and challenging work required to get a facility from initial concept to final qualification. Communication and collaboration has been key to our success. How has this role changed as this sector has grown and evolved? The pharmaceutical sector is facing a number of global challenges with significant changes from traditional operating models. Roles within the industry are continuously evolving to address these challenges, and flexibility is required. What do you enjoy most about the job? There are two elements of my job that thoroughly motivate me. The first is the importance of my day-to-day work to MSD patients worldwide. It is truly humbling to be part of a manufacturing supply chain that gets life-saving, innovative medicines to people who need them. The second is that I continue to learn every single day. The fantastic development opportunities available at MSD Ballydine challenge me to build my engineering expertise, even six years after graduating. Tweet Share Email Share More Share Pin This Reddit In-Depth: A Day in the Life, Life at MSD Related: Tipperary, engineering, employers, Pharma, MSD By Jenny Darmody Jenny joined Silicon Republic in 2016 as part of the Careers team. When she’s not writing about the science and tech industry, she’s writing short stories and attempting novels. She continuously buys more books than she can read in a lifetime and pretty stationery is her kryptonite. She also believes seagulls to be the root of all evil and her baking is the stuff of legends. Make sure you never miss an opportunity Follow us and stay informed! More from careers MSD on retention: ‘We invest hugely in people and don’t want to lose them’ MSD’s culture places a premium on making a difference Deep learning is about more than AI – it has unified research Careers in research: A ticket to see the world Loading Read More Loading now, one moment please! Home About Contact Advertise Subscribe Privacy Policy All content copyright 2002-2017 Silicon Republic Knowledge & Events Management Ltd. Reproduction without explicit permission is prohibited. All rights reserved. Designed by Zero-G and Square1.io Silicon Republic Cookies Policy Our Website uses cookies to improve your experience. Please visit our Privacy Policy page for more information about cookies and how we use them. Close
Press Release Distribution   PR Home Latest News News Feeds Subscribe Submit Free Press Release For Bloggers PR Newswire Distribution News By Tag * Bispecific Antibodies Market * Global Bispecific Antibodies * Bispecific Antibodies * More Tags... Industry News * Biotech * More Industries... News By Location * Seattle   Washington   United States * More Locations... Country(s) United States Australia India Hong Kong England - - - More Countries Industry News March 2017 Su Sa Fr Th We Tu Mo 26 25 24 23 22 21 20 Bispecific Antibodies Market by Product type, End user, Geography - Industry Insights, T Bispecific Antibodies Market by Product type, Application, End user, Geography - Global Industry Insights, Trends, Outlook, and Opportunity Analysis, 2016-2024     Bispecific Antibodies   Spread the Word Listed Under Tags: * Bispecific Antibodies Market * Global Bispecific Antibodies * Bispecific Antibodies Industry: * Biotech Location: * Seattle - Washington - USSEATTLE - March 23, 2017 - PRLog -- Bispecific antibody (BsAb) is an artificial protein that is composed of fragments of two different monoclonal antibodies and has ability to bind to two different types of antigen. Cancer immunotherapy is the most widely explored application of bispecific antibody. Lung, breast and colon cancer are the wider applications of BsAb. Bispecific antibody simultaneously binds to a cytotoxic cell and target tumor cell and destroys it. Bispecific antibodies are emerging a technologically advanced solution for dual targeting strategies within same molecule. Due to its dual specificity, bispecific antibody can aid in redirecting T cells to tumor cells, blocking two different signaling pathways simultaneously, dual targeting of different disease mediators, and delivering payloads to targeted sites.  Catumaxomab and blinatumomab are the two U.S. FDA approved bispecific antibody products, which would fuel growth of the bispecific antibodies market. Bispecific antibodies can be divided into three main classes namely, fragment, symmetric, and asymmetric antibodies. Fragment bispecific antibodies such as a nanobody DART and BiTE are currently undergoing clinical trials. Likewise, tetravalent BsAb - DVD and DAF symmetric antibodies are under research. Companies such as Sanofi S.A., Merck & Co., Inc. and Genentech, Inc. are conducting research on symmetric bispecific antibodies. BEAT, duobody, and crossmab are examples of asymmetric bispecific antibodies, which are currently being researched by Glenmark Pharmaceuticals, Eli Lilly and Company, and Genmab A/S. To know about the assumptions considered for the study, Download the PDF Brochure: https://www.coherentmarketinsights.com/insight/request-sa... Catumaxomab – the first Bispecific antibody boost growth of the bispecific antibodies market As of 2015, over 60 different BsAb formats have been developed, with some making their way into the clinical trials. Bispecific antibodies market growth is increasing due to the limitation of monoclonal antibodies in drug resistance and failure to respond in treatment. Hence, the bispecific antibodies market is projected to gain significant growth traction in the near future. Request for an in-depth table of contents for this report @ https://www.coherentmarketinsights.com/ongoing-insight/to... Catumaxomab is a rat – mouse hybrid monoclonal bispecific trifunctional antibody used to treat malignant ascites. It was developed by Fresenius Biotech and Trion Pharma. Catumaxomab was approved in Europe in 2009 and is undergoing clinical trials in the U.S. Sold under the brand name Removab, Catumaxomab is administered to patients with EpCAM-poisitve carcinoma. North America and Europe are major regions for Bispecific antibodies market In Europe and North America, incidence of diseases such as lung cancer, cervical cancer, breast cancer, and prostate cancer is increasing, with the regions accounting for the highest incidence rate for these diseases worldwide. Moreover, with these regions being home to major players, these are the largest bispecific antibodies market. Supportive government initiatives are further fueling growth of bispecific antibody treatment markets in North America and Europe.  Increasing healthcare access and awareness in developing regions such as Asia Pacific, Latin America, and Middle East are projected to propel demand for BsAb owing to fuel growth of the bispecific antibodies market in the near future. Increasing investments to harness the potential of highly effective BsAb Drug Therapy Various pharmaceutical companies are actively involved in development and manufacture of bispecific antibodies. MedImmune, LLC and Abpro, collaborated in December 2016 to develop novel bispecific antibody, Ang2-VEGF, which targets angiopoietin-2 and vascular endothelial growth factor. Government funding is projected to further encourage research and development in this field. Additional Information on such Research Findings can be Availed At: https://www.coherentmarketinsights.com/ongoing-insight/bispecific-antibodies-market-19 Key players involved in the Bispecific antibodies market include Some of the key players in Bispecific antibodies market are Amgen, Inc., Bayer AG, Dow Pharmaceutical Solutions, ImmunGene, Inc., Immunocore Limited, Merck & Co., Inc., Novartis AG, Pfizer, Inc., and F. Hoffmann-La Roche AG. About Coherent Market Insights: Coherent Market Insights is a prominent market research and consulting firm offering action-ready syndicated research reports, custom market analysis, consulting services, and competitive analysis through various recommendations related to emerging market trends, technologies, and potential absolute dollar opportunity. Contact Mr. Shah 12067016702 sales@coherentmarketinsights.com End Source : Coherent Market Insights Email : ***@coherentmarketinsights.com Posted By : ***@coherentmarketinsights.com Tags : Bispecific Antibodies Market, Global Bispecific Antibodies, Bispecific Antibodies Industry : Biotech Location : Seattle - Washington - United States Account Email Address     Account Phone Number     Disclaimer     Report Abuse Coherent Market Insights News Breast Biopsy Devices Market - Industry Insights, Trends, and Opportunity Analysis, 2016-2024 Healthcare Revenue Cycle Management Market - Industry Analysis, Growth, Trends and Forecast to Healthcare Biometrics Market to Surpass US$ 8.7 Billion by 2024: Coherent Market Insights Digital Radiography Market to Surpass US$ 12.5 Billion by 2024 : Coherent Market Insights Augmented Reality in Healthcare Market, By Treatment Type, Geography - Industry Insights, Trends, Trending Jacob Wohl, CEO of Montgomery Assets, announces second Southern California office opening Jun 1 2017 Nor-Pak Services Inc. Announced the Grand Opening of an Online Store Hedge Fund Prodigy Jacob Wohl Begins '1 Minute with Jacob Wohl' Series PALM BEACH OPERA Announces Chorus Auditions on April 21-22 Georgia Equipment Rental Store Wins ARA President's Image Award Daily News The GroovaLottos Sign with Wakeby Fire & Associates - 296 views Church Of Ha Begins Filming Clean Comedy Series - 295 views Jacob Wohl, CEO of Montgomery Assets, announces second Southern California office opening Jun 1 2017 - 283 views Hedge Fund Prodigy Jacob Wohl Begins '1 Minute with Jacob Wohl' Series - 272 views Linda Zazzali with Daughters Eva and Valentina Zazzali Step to the Stage on GingerNewYork in NYC - 251 views Weekly News Legendary Comedian Marty Allen Turns 95 With Lifetime Achievement Comedy Legend Award - 5795 views Geokinetics awarded a contract by Brunei Shell Petroleum to acquire a high resolution 3D survey in Brunei Darussalam - 3433 views Serial Entrepreneur Jason Sherman Publishes Startup Book - 1963 views Progressive Real Estate Partners Inks Deal with Golden Corral for 12,900 SF Restaurant in Ontario,CA - 1459 views SR Socially Relevant (TM) Film Fest NY 2017 announces the Winners at the CLOSING AWARD CEREMONY - 1444 views Daily News The GroovaLottos Sign with Wakeby Fire & Associates - 296 views Church Of Ha Begins Filming Clean Comedy Series - 295 views Jacob Wohl, CEO of Montgomery Assets, announces second Southern California office opening Jun 1 2017 - 283 views Hedge Fund Prodigy Jacob Wohl Begins '1 Minute with Jacob Wohl' Series - 272 views Linda Zazzali with Daughters Eva and Valentina Zazzali Step to the Stage on GingerNewYork in NYC - 251 views Weekly News Legendary Comedian Marty Allen Turns 95 With Lifetime Achievement Comedy Legend Award - 5795 views Geokinetics awarded a contract by Brunei Shell Petroleum to acquire a high resolution 3D survey in Brunei Darussalam - 3433 views Serial Entrepreneur Jason Sherman Publishes Startup Book - 1963 views Progressive Real Estate Partners Inks Deal with Golden Corral for 12,900 SF Restaurant in Ontario,CA - 1459 views SR Socially Relevant (TM) Film Fest NY 2017 announces the Winners at the CLOSING AWARD CEREMONY - 1444 views PTC News Lennar's Meadow Creek Now Open for Information - 244 views Eagle Glen Coming Soon to Lake Stevens - 240 views Peters, Wesley, Phelps Twins, WWE Superstar Randy Orton Added To Wizard World Comic Con St. Louis - 217 views Mar 23, 2017 News SiteMap Privacy Policy Terms of Service Copyright Notice About Advertise Like PRLog? 9K2K1K
Sunday 26 March 2017 , Sunday 26 March 2017 , Today's Paper Politics Bangladesh World News Business Sports Entertainment Art & Culture Life Style Technology Travel Dhaka Metro Share Market Opinion Education Health Environment Feature Science Latest News Police on high alert following uptick in militant activity Google celebrates Bangladesh's Independence Day Two militants killed in Sylhet den, raid continues: Army 13 killed,9 injured in Chuadanga road crash 6 killed as blasts rock Sylhet Shun path of militancy, suicide attacks: PM Ton-up Tamim sets up crushing Bangladesh win President, PM pay homage to Liberation War martyrs Health 23 March, 2017 12:11:24 PM / LAST MODIFIED: 23 March, 2017 12:14:48 PM New vaccine could slow disease that kills 600 children a day Independent Online/The New York Times A new vaccine against a diarrheal disease that kills about 600 children a day worked well in a large trial in Africa and appears to be a practical way to protect millions of children, scientists said on Wednesday. The new vaccine against rotavirus, the most common cause of death from diarrhea in children under age 5, is made by an Indian company and was tested in Niger by Doctors Without Borders. The vaccine is expected to be as cheap as or cheaper than current alternatives. More important, it can last for months without refrigeration, which makes it far easier to use in remote villages with no electricity. It must be approved by the World Health Organization before it can be widely distributed, a process that is underway. “This is great news,” said Dr. Paul A. Offit, an infectious disease specialist at the Children’s Hospital of Philadelphia and one of the inventors of another rotavirus vaccine, Rotateq, which was launched in 2006. “I wish there were 10 companies making rotavirus vaccine,” Dr. Offit said, “because thousands of children are dying of this.” About 215,000 children under 5 die each year of rotavirus, almost half of them in just four countries: India, Pakistan, Nigeria and the Democratic Republic of Congo, according to the W.H.O. A major 2013 study sponsored by the Bill and Melinda Gates Foundation found that rotavirus was the leading cause of fatal diarrhea in children under age 2 and the only major one not caused by bacteria or parasites, which are treatable with antibiotic and antiparasitic drugs. One of that study’s conclusions was that more rotavirus vaccine should be available. Repeated bouts of diarrhea can rob children of nutrients and leave them permanently stunted. The new study, published in the New England Journal of Medicine, found that the vaccine, made by the Serum Institute of India, was 67 percent effective in preventing severe episodes of rotavirus-related diarrhea. There were only 31 cases among the 1,780 children who got three doses of the vaccine, while there were 87 among the 1,728 children who got a placebo. There were no cases of intussusception, a rare but potentially lethal bowel obstruction. In 1999, the first American rotavirus vaccine, Rotashield, was withdrawn from the market because of fears that it triggered intussusception. More than 300 medical personnel were involved in the trial in Niger, one of the world’s poorest countries. A trained health worker spent 24 hours a day in each of the 132 villages that the 3,500 children in the study live in. While 67 percent protection is imperfect, it is greater than that provided by Merck’s Rotateq or Rotarix, a vaccine made by GSK, when tested in Africa. “Would we want a perfect vaccine? Definitely — and I also want a pony,” said Rebecca F. Grais, who directed the trial for Doctors Without Borders. “But a vaccine that prevents two-thirds of the deaths and hospitalizations that rotavirus causes is definitely worth considering.” “This provides hope in environments where there wasn’t any,” she said, “so our level of enthusiasm is very high.” Even a moderately effective vaccine — combined with the herd protection that builds up once most children in an area are vaccinated and immune — “can have a huge public health impact,” said Dr. Anita Zaidi, an expert in diarrheal diseases at the Bill and Melinda Gates Foundation, which helped underwrite the initial development and testing of the new vaccine.Rotavirus vaccines are normally 80 to 90 percent effective in wealthy and middle-income countries. But among previously available vaccines, Rotarix was only 61 percent effective in a trial in Africa, while Rotateq was only 39 percent effective. Infants in poor countries with open sewers and polluted water have more viruses and bacterial toxins in their intestines, blocking access to the gut cells where the vaccines would normally attach, Dr. Offit explained. And because mothers also get rotavirus, he added, they develop antibodies to it. Their babies get the antibodies in breast milk, and these may neutralize some of the vaccine. Vaccines also may be less effective in poor countries because they may imperfectly match the circulating rotavirus strains, experts said, or because poor diets cause frequent diarrhea, removing protective gut bacteria. The new vaccine is known as BRV-PV, and will be called Rotasiil, said Rajeev M. Dhere, the executive director of the Serum Institute. Forty-two poor or lower-middle-income countries are now using rotavirus vaccine, said Dr. Seth Berkley, the chief executive of Gavi, the Vaccine Alliance, which buys billions of dollars of vaccines for poorer countries. The market remains huge, especially since Nigeria, the Democratic Republic of Congo and other countries with great needs have yet to start immunizing against rotavirus. How useful Rotasiil will be for them will depend on many factors, Dr. Berkley said. The vaccine must have W.H.O. approval before Gavi and United Nations agencies can buy it. Then, ideally, the price will drop well below that of existing vaccines. Rotarix costs Gavi $5 for two doses, while Rotateq is $10.50 for three. The initial price for Rotasiil will be about $6 for three doses, but could be lower if large amounts are ordered, Dr. Dhere said. The Serum Institute is ready to make about 60 million doses a year initially. The fact that the new vaccine can stay unrefrigerated for up to six months at 104 degrees is a big advantage, Dr. Berkley said. Rotateq and Rotarix need refrigeration, and another new vaccine, Rotavac, from Bharat Biotech, another Indian company, must be stored frozen — a great challenge in rural areas with power failures. But Rotasiil must be reconstituted with liquid, which might be a hindrance, he said. That adds an extra step where mistakes could happen. Normally, Dr. Berkley said, a national health ministry will buy only one brand for the entire country, since thousands of vaccinators must be retrained each time a protocol changes. The space needed to store three doses of Rotasiil plus diluent could be a problem, he added. But Dr. Grais, who led the Niger trial, noted that at least two vaccines used in Africa, those against measles and cholera, are reconstituted, “so this is nothing out of the ordinary.” Rotasiil is much easier to store, because refrigerator space is at such a premium in clinics in the developing world, she said. Other rotavirus vaccines take up as much space as all other commonly used refrigerated vaccines combined. The real prices to poor countries should start low and then rise, Dr. Berkley said. At first, the poorest normally reimburse Gavi as little as 20 cents a dose, then slowly “graduate” and are eventually expected to pay the full Gavi price. As these countries become richer, they inch closer to paying private-market prices. The goal is to get vaccine companies to expect enough profit that they enter the field, but to foster enough competition to keep prices reasonable. In any case, getting more rotavirus vaccine into more babies “is really important,” Dr. Berkley said. “As we’ve rolled it out in different countries, I’ve seen whole pediatric wards empty out.”     New vaccine could slow disease that kills 600 children a day Independent Online/The New York Times A new vaccine against a diarrheal disease that kills about 600 children a day worked well in a large trial in Africa and appears to be a practical way to protect millions of children, scientists said on Wednesday. The new vaccine against rotavirus, the most common cause of death from diarrhea in children under age 5, is made by an Indian company and was tested in Niger by Doctors Without Borders. The vaccine is expected to be as cheap as or cheaper than current alternatives. More important, it can last for months without refrigeration, which makes it far easier to use in remote villages with no electricity. It must be approved by the World Health Organization before it can be widely distributed, a process that is underway. This is great news, said Dr. Paul A. Offit, an infectious disease specialist at the Childrens Hospital of Philadelphia and one of the inventors of another rotavirus vaccine, Rotateq, which was launched in 2006. I wish there were 10 companies making rotavirus vaccine, Dr. Offit said, because thousands of children are dying of this. About 215,000 children under 5 die each year of rotavirus, almost half of them in just four countries: India, Pakistan, Nigeria and the Democratic Republic of Congo, according to the W.H.O. A major 2013 study sponsored by the Bill and Melinda Gates Foundation found that rotavirus was the leading cause of fatal diarrhea in children under age 2 and the only major one not caused by bacteria or parasites, which are treatable with antibiotic and antiparasitic drugs. One of that studys conclusions was that more rotavirus vaccine should be available. Repeated bouts of diarrhea can rob children of nutrients and leave them permanently stunted. The new study, published in the New England Journal of Medicine, found that the vaccine, made by the Serum Institute of India, was 67 percent effective in preventing severe episodes of rotavirus-related diarrhea. There were only 31 cases among the 1,780 children who got three doses of the vaccine, while there were 87 among the 1,728 children who got a placebo. There were no cases of intussusception, a rare but potentially lethal bowel obstruction. In 1999, the first American rotavirus vaccine, Rotashield, was withdrawn from the market because of fears that it triggered intussusception. More than 300 medical personnel were involved in the trial in Niger, one of the worlds poorest countries. A trained health worker spent 24 hours a day in each of the 132 villages that the 3,500 children in the study live in. While 67 percent protection is imperfect, it is greater than that provided by Mercks Rotateq or Rotarix, a vaccine made by GSK, when tested in Africa. Would we want a perfect vaccine? Definitely and I also want a pony, said Rebecca F. Grais, who directed the trial for Doctors Without Borders. But a vaccine that prevents two-thirds of the deaths and hospitalizations that rotavirus causes is definitely worth considering. This provides hope in environments where there wasnt any, she said, so our level of enthusiasm is very high. Even a moderately effective vaccine combined with the herd protection that builds up once most children in an area are vaccinated and immune can have a huge public health impact, said Dr. Anita Zaidi, an expert in diarrheal diseases at the Bill and Melinda Gates Foundation, which helped underwrite the initial development and testing of the new vaccine.Rotavirus vaccines are normally 80 to 90 percent effective in wealthy and middle-income countries. But among previously available vaccines, Rotarix was only 61 percent effective in a trial in Africa, while Rotateq was only 39 percent effective. Infants in poor countries with open sewers and polluted water have more viruses and bacterial toxins in their intestines, blocking access to the gut cells where the vaccines would normally attach, Dr. Offit explained. And because mothers also get rotavirus, he added, they develop antibodies to it. Their babies get the antibodies in breast milk, and these may neutralize some of the vaccine. Vaccines also may be less effective in poor countries because they may imperfectly match the circulating rotavirus strains, experts said, or because poor diets cause frequent diarrhea, removing protective gut bacteria. The new vaccine is known as BRV-PV, and will be called Rotasiil, said Rajeev M. Dhere, the executive director of the Serum Institute. Forty-two poor or lower-middle-income countries are now using rotavirus vaccine, said Dr. Seth Berkley, the chief executive of Gavi, the Vaccine Alliance, which buys billions of dollars of vaccines for poorer countries. The market remains huge, especially since Nigeria, the Democratic Republic of Congo and other countries with great needs have yet to start immunizing against rotavirus. How useful Rotasiil will be for them will depend on many factors, Dr. Berkley said. The vaccine must have W.H.O. approval before Gavi and United Nations agencies can buy it. Then, ideally, the price will drop well below that of existing vaccines. Rotarix costs Gavi $5 for two doses, while Rotateq is $10.50 for three. The initial price for Rotasiil will be about $6 for three doses, but could be lower if large amounts are ordered, Dr. Dhere said. The Serum Institute is ready to make about 60 million doses a year initially. The fact that the new vaccine can stay unrefrigerated for up to six months at 104 degrees is a big advantage, Dr. Berkley said. Rotateq and Rotarix need refrigeration, and another new vaccine, Rotavac, from Bharat Biotech, another Indian company, must be stored frozen a great challenge in rural areas with power failures. But Rotasiil must be reconstituted with liquid, which might be a hindrance, he said. That adds an extra step where mistakes could happen. Normally, Dr. Berkley said, a national health ministry will buy only one brand for the entire country, since thousands of vaccinators must be retrained each time a protocol changes. The space needed to store three doses of Rotasiil plus diluent could be a problem, he added. But Dr. Grais, who led the Niger trial, noted that at least two vaccines used in Africa, those against measles and cholera, are reconstituted, so this is nothing out of the ordinary. Rotasiil is much easier to store, because refrigerator space is at such a premium in clinics in the developing world, she said. Other rotavirus vaccines take up as much space as all other commonly used refrigerated vaccines combined. The real prices to poor countries should start low and then rise, Dr. Berkley said. At first, the poorest normally reimburse Gavi as little as 20 cents a dose, then slowly graduate and are eventually expected to pay the full Gavi price. As these countries become richer, they inch closer to paying private-market prices. The goal is to get vaccine companies to expect enough profit that they enter the field, but to foster enough competition to keep prices reasonable. In any case, getting more rotavirus vaccine into more babies is really important, Dr. Berkley said. As weve rolled it out in different countries, Ive seen whole pediatric wards empty out. Comments Most popular   On Health Ensure ID cards for all at hospitals: Nasim Patients suffer as strike at Zia Medical College Hospital continues Flu vaccine is 48% effective this season, CDC says Eat less to live more, finds study New vaccine could slow disease that kills 600 children a day Everything you need to know about vitamin B12 deficiency Strike at different hospitals continues; patients' woes worsen 4 interns of Zia Medical College Hospital suspended Latest Most Viewed Sylhet blasts not linked to IS: Minister The Independent celebrates 22nd founding anniversary Police on high alert following uptick in militant activity Google celebrates Bangladesh's Independence Day Two militants killed in Sylhet den, raid to continue: Army 6 killed as blasts rock Sylhet ‘Militants alter gameplans for attacks’ ‘Suicide bomber’ blows up self near Dhaka airport After defence issues, Teesta back on focus again Road accidents claim 18 lives in 3 dists Video Prescription by doctors (16-03-2017) Eviction drive in Cox's Bazar (18-03-2017) Rangpur banks 'refuse' to accept coins (18-03-2017) Bangladesh wants defense MoU with India (14-03-17) Potatoes being damaged in rain in Munshiganj, Chandpur (14-03-17) More Health Stories Detecting TB patients to ensure treatment stressed Health experts at a discussion have put importance on creating social awareness in detecting tuberculosis (TB) patients to bring them under free treatment facilities to eradicate the curable disease from… British scientists in world-first TB breakthrough 'One-third patients suffer from lung diseases' Fish oil does not benefit baby intelligence, study finds Ecnec okays Tk 1.1 5 lakh cr health project What are anthocyanins and why are purple foods so healthy? Cholesterol-Slashing Drug Can Protect High-Risk Heart Patients, Study Finds Politics Bangladesh World News Business Sports Entertainment Art & Culture Life Style Technology Travel Dhaka Metro Share Market Opinion Education Health Environment Feature Science Copyright © All right reserved. Editor : M. Shamsur Rahman Published by the Editor on behalf of Independent Publications Limited at Media Printers, 446/H, Tejgaon I/A, Dhaka-1215. Editorial, News & Commercial Offices : Beximco Media Complex, 149-150 Tejgaon I/A, Dhaka-1208, Bangladesh. GPO Box No. 934, Dhaka-1000. Editor : M. Shamsur Rahman Published by the Editor on behalf of Independent Publications Limited at Media Printers, 446/H, Tejgaon I/A, Dhaka-1215. Editorial, News & Commercial Offices : Beximco Media Complex, 149-150 Tejgaon I/A, Dhaka-1208, Bangladesh. GPO Box No. 934, Dhaka-1000. Disclaimer & Privacy Policy .................................................... About Us .................................................... Contact Us .................................................... Advertisement .................................................... Subscription Powered by : Frog Hosting The Independent, Bangladesh
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 23 March 2017 by Military News Clinical Laboratory Services Market : Complete Study of Current Trends in the Market, Industry Growth Drivers Albany, NY — (SBWIRE) — 03/23/2017 — Global Clinical Laboratory Services Market: Snapshot Clinical laboratory services are a crucial part of the medical and healthcare industry. All sorts of diagnostic tests ranging from genetic analysis to blood tests are accomplished in these clinical laboratories in order to diagnose various diseases. Clinical laboratories provide services and information which help in maximizing the required deliveries in the healthcare system such as test results and diagnostics. It provides and assures correct test results that helps doctors to make accurate decisions related to diagnostics and therapeutics through various healthcare resources. It aids professionals to begin, adjust, and also put a halt to a course of treatment which would be met halfway in the absence of efficient clinical laboratory services. According a World Bank data, the global population is likely to surpass 7 billion by 2016 with the number of people suffering from various diseases also rising. The need for early diagnosis of diseases along with technologically advanced healthcare services is likely to propel the market growth for clinical laboratory services. Request a Brochure of the Report @ https://www.tmrresearch.com/sample/sample?flag=B&rep_id=1397 Global Clinical Laboratory Services Market: Trends and Opportunities The global market for clinical laboratory services is expected to witness substantial growth over the coming years owing to the growing geriatric population and rising awareness among patients regarding early diagnosis of diseases. The demand for clinical laboratory services is gaining momentum with time owing benefits such as decreased frequency of physician visits and short hospital stays. Moreover, growing awareness pertaining to the early diagnosis of conditions in endocrinology, oncology, and gynecology is anticipated to further bode well for the growth of the global clinical laboratory services market. With the growing aged population, the susceptibility of patients towards obtaining infectious diseases is also rising, thus also giving rise to neurological and cardiovascular diseases. The industry is also likely to benefit from the adoption of the newly developed advanced products such as companion diagnostics, biochips, and microarrays. The medical or clinical laboratory service market is governed by the existence of an ambiguous regulatory framework. This type of stringent regulatory framework is expected to limit the growth of the global clinical laboratory services market in the coming years. The regulatory framework of the market is set by organizational bodies such as the U.S. CE and FDA. There are basically no standard regulatory guidelines managing the diagnostic sector in emerging economies such as China and India. The dearth of sophisticated regulations and policies in developing countries with untapped opportunities is anticipated to inhibit the market growth. Request for TOC of the Report @ https://www.tmrresearch.com/sample/sample?flag=T&rep_id=1397 Global Clinical Laboratory Services Market: Market Potential To gain an established place in the market and present high-end clinical laboratory services in order to perform better, many leading companies are entering into strategic agreements, developing new products, and getting into mergers and acquisitions. One such recent event is when the industry giant LabCorp acquire Spokane-based PAML: Pathology Associates Medical Laboratories. Similarly, in the recent past, Abbott Molecular collaborated with Merck for developing and evaluating FISH-based companion diagnostic tests for the investigational cancer therapy of Merck. Global Clinical Laboratory Services Market: Regional Outlook Region-wise, the global clinical laboratory services market can be segmented into North America, Asia Pacific, Europe, and the Rest of the World. North America is likely to emerge as a prominent region in the global market owing to the presence of large volumes of tests and rising adoption of technologically advanced diagnostics. Europe is also expected to mark a presence in the market with growing awareness among consumers and abundance sophisticated diagnostic tests. Read Complete Report @ https://www.tmrresearch.com/clinical-laboratory-services-market Global Clinical Laboratory Services Market: Vendor Landscape The global clinical laboratory services market has leading companies such as Genptix Medical Laboratory, LabCorp, Sonic Healthcare, Quest Diagnostics, Abbott Laboratories, and Labco S.A., among others. About TMR Research TMR Research is a premier provider of customized market research and consulting services to business entities keen on succeeding in todayâ€™s supercharged economic climate. Armed with an experienced, dedicated, and dynamic team of analysts, we are redefining the way our clientsâ€™ conduct business by providing them with authoritative and trusted research studies in tune with the latest methodologies and market trends. Our savvy custom-built reports span a gamut of industries such as pharmaceuticals, chemicals and metals, food and beverages, and technology and media, among others. With actionable insights uncovered through in-depth research of the market, we try to bring about game-changing success for our clients. CategoriesUncategorized TagsBusiness, Companies, Food and Beverage, hospital, Industry, Markets, service, Technology, Uncategorized, Video Games, World Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Surface Inspection Market Will Continue to Grow by 2016-2024 Next PostNext The First Bancorp Declares Regular Quarterly Dividend Search Recent Posts Oil Insurance Limited (OIL) dichiara un dividendo di 250 milioni di dollari e apporta piccoli cambiamenti al suo piano di rating e premi External Remote Patient Monitoring Devices Market Well Prepared To Meet Futuristic Demands Of Healthcare At Home – MarketIntelReports Oil Insurance Limited (OIL) déclare un dividende de 250 millions USD et apporte des modifications mineures à son plan de notation et de primes Intermittent Catheters Market Planning To Make The Most Of The Cost-Effectiveness Provided By Hydrophilic Coated Models – MarketIntelReports The First Group Showcases Unparalleled Opportunities in Dubai’s Booming Property Sector to Chinese Investors Business Contacts Business Directory Proudly powered by WordPress
Menu Stocks Stocks to Buy Stocks to Sell Dividend Stocks Penny Stocks Hot Stocks Stock Market Today Funds Mutual Funds ETF Investing 401k & Investing Tips Retirement Financial Advisor Center Trading Trading Advice Trade of the Day Trading Report How to Trade Options Market Insight IPO Playbook Gadgets, Smartphones & Tech Weird Street InvestorPolitics Financial Advisors Premium Services Stocks to Buy Stocks to Sell Dividend Stocks Penny Stocks Hot Stocks Stock Market Today Hot Topics TSLA Best Stocks for 2017 Top Investments Trade of the Day Dividends More Dow, S&P 500 finish lower Friday after Republicans pull AHCA >>> READ MORE Breaking news sponsored by Home > Stock Picks > Stocks to Buy > Why Teva Pharmaceutical Industries Ltd (ADR) Stock Has Staying Power TEVA stock finally has stabilized after a long decline By Vince Martin, InvestorPlace Contributor  |  Mar 23, 2017, 10:34 am EDT     Popular Posts: 10 Clobbered Stocks to Buy That Are About to Get Red-Hot 7 High-Yield Dividend Stocks That Are Actually Safe Count Out Advanced Micro Devices, Inc. (AMD) Stock If You Hate Money Recent Posts: Count Out Advanced Micro Devices, Inc. (AMD) Stock If You Hate Money 3 Reasons Sprint Corp (S) Stock Has Even MORE Upside Why Teva Pharmaceutical Industries Ltd (ADR) Stock Has Staying Power View All Posts It’s been a rough few years for Teva Pharmaceutical Industries Ltd (ADR) (NYSE:TEVA) stock. TEVA stock has declined by half from mid-2015 levels, nearing a three-plus-year low in the process. The loss of patents for Teva Pharma’s MS drug Copaxone has been a key driver to the downside. Regulatory risk — raised after a settlement with the U.S. Department of Justice in December — continues to pressure Teva stock. Source: Open Grid Scheduler (Modified) But Teva Pharma’s stock has — at least — stabilized lately, and it’s getting tough to argue that the risks aren’t more than priced in. That seems too cheap, given that there are still several reasons to buy TEVA.   TEVA Stock Is Just Too Cheap The 2017 guidance of $4.90 to $5.30 — even backing out an estimated $0.75 to $0.95 impact from the loss of Copaxone protection — prices TEVA stock at about 8x earnings-per-share at the moment. A low-single-digit multiple alone doesn’t necessarily make a stock a buy. Nor is it out of line in the generics space. Peer Mylan N.V. (NASDAQ:MYL) trades at a little over 7x 2018 EPS, for instance. But that low multiple does provide a margin of safety. And it’s not as if Teva Pharma earnings are falling off a cliff. Analysts expect a modest increase in 2018 EPS. The loss of Copaxone seems priced in; the rest of Teva’s portfolio remains reasonably strong. That bodes well for TEVA stock. Regulatory Risk Shall Pass for Teva Pharma One of the ironies of the current pressure on generic manufacturers is that generics were supposed to be the savior of U.S. healthcare. Lower-priced generics were supposed to cut health care costs more broadly. It was branded manufacturers like Pfizer Inc. (NYSE:PFE) and Merck & Co., Inc. (NYSE:MRK) that were likely to face pricing and regulatory pressure. And it seems highly likely that at some point, that narrative will return, if not in full. Pharmaceuticals are important overall, particularly given the increasing average of the population in the developed world. Generics are moreso. Teva’s emphasis on ‘biosimilars’ likely will pay off eventually, as another avenue to reduce overall costs. Teva, Mylan and other manufacturers may be punching bags now. But their importance will be remembered eventually. TEVA Stock Has Drugs Beyond Copaxone While Copaxone is a key drug for Teva, it’s not as if it represents the majority of the company’s earnings. Teva’s situation is not analogous to that of Gilead Sciences, Inc., (NASDAQ:GILD) with its enormous reliance on HCV drugs. Just in the last month, Teva has launched a generic version of Allergan plc Ordinary Shares’ (NYSE:AGN) Minastrin and received a priority review for a potential “orphan drug” for tardive dyskinesia. There’s a real sense that investors are throwing out the baby with the bathwater when it comes to TEVA stock. Yes, there are challenges; yes, there are risks. But generic drugs will have a place in healthcare for decades to come. So will Teva Pharma. And as the new administration finds its footings, and as the company works through some of those challenges, TEVA stock seems likely to rise. As of this writing, Vince Martin did not hold a position in any of the aforementioned securities.   Article printed from InvestorPlace Media, http://investorplace.com/2017/03/teva-pharmaceutical-industries-ltd-adr-stock-staying-power/. ©2017 InvestorPlace Media, LLC More on InvestorPlace The 7 Best Dividend Stocks to Buy for the Second Quarter 7 Consumer Stocks to Lead Your Portfolio 3 High-Yield REITs Offering 7% or More 3 Inflation-Proof Stocks to Buy Now How Much Will AAPL Fall If iPhone 8 Flops? Will Snap Lose the War With Facebook? ADVERTISEMENT ADVERTISEMENT Editor's Picks The 7 Best Dividend Stocks to Buy for the Second Quarter 7 Consumer Stocks That Will Lead Your Portfolio 3 High-Yield REITs Offering 7% or More 3 Inflation-Proof Stocks to Buy Now 2 Financial Stocks to Short as Bank Sentiment Sours Most Popular The 7 Best Dividend Stocks to Buy for the Second Quarter 7 Consumer Stocks That Will Lead Your Portfolio 9 Cheap Stocks to Buy Now Under $9 a Share 3 High-Yield REITs Offering 7% or More Bank of America Corp (BAC) Stock Is a Stink-Free Buy 3 Inflation-Proof Stocks to Buy Now Poll of the Day View and vote in our Will Snapchat Be the Next Facebook ... or Twitter? poll Partners ADVERTISEMENT About Us   ·   Press Center   ·   Resources   ·   Advisory Services   ·   Free Newsletters   ·   Free Reports   ·   Contact Us   ·   Advertise With Us   ·   Employment   ·   Privacy   ·   Terms and Conditions   ·   Disclosures and Disclaimers   ·   Media Sites RSS   ·   Sitemap More On InvestorPlace: Choose A Page About Us Press Center Resources Advisory Services Free Newsletters Free Reports Contact Us Advertise With Us Employment Privacy Terms and Conditions Disclosures and Disclaimers Media Sites Sitemap Financial Market Data powered by FinancialContent Services, Inc. All rights reserved. Nasdaq quotes delayed at least 15 minutes, all others at least 20 minutes. Copyright © 2017 InvestorPlace Media, LLC. All rights reserved. 9201 Corporate Blvd, Rockville, MD 20850. Richard Band John Jagerson Hilary Kramer Jon Markman Louis Navellier Bryan Perry Ken Trester Dan Wiener Richard Young Blue Chip Growth Cash Machine GameChangers Independent Adviser for Vanguard Investors Intelligence Report Maximum Options Profitable Investing SlingShot Trader Trader’s Advantage Active Trading Income Investing Growth Investing Mutual Funds & ETFs Value Hunters Options Trading
News Specialties CME / CE Collections Medical News Latest Medical News Health Policy Practice Management Public Health Washington Watch Meeting Coverage Blogs & Columns Specialties Allergy & Immunology Anesthesiology Cardiology Critical Care Dermatology Emergency Medicine Endocrinology Gastroenterology Genetics Geriatrics HIV / AIDS Hospital-Based Medicine Infectious Disease Nephrology Neurology Nursing OB / GYN Oncology / Hematology Ophthalmology Orthopedics Pain Management Pathology Pediatrics Primary Care Psychiatry Pulmonology Radiology Rheumatology Surgery Transplantation Urology Continuing Medical Education CME / CE Clinical Context State Required CME Graduate Medical Education CME Tracker Mastery Of Medicine Collections AGA Reading Room ASCO Reading Room Endocrine Society Reading Room Surveys Quizzes Special Reports Sign Up Log In Sign Up Log In Search Statewide Trauma System Cuts Preventable Deaths By Half cme/ce PD-1 Inhibitor Active in Refractory HNSCC VIDEO PodMed: A Medical News Roundup From Johns Hopkins No Coffee-Cancer Link: That's Improbable! Do Docs Have Enough Sense about Dollars? LATEST MEDICAL NEWS Primary Care Morning Break: Still No Healthcare Deal; Califf's New Gig Health news and commentary from around the Web, gathered by the MedPage Today staff MedpageToday savesaved by MedPage Today Staff March 23, 2017 Republicans still don't have the votes they need to pass Obamacare repeal (CNN) and the bill remains stalled in the Rules Committee. Now that his days as FDA commissioner are over, Robert Califf's new role will become the chair of the newly-formed People-Centered Research Foundation, nestled within the umbrella of Patient-Centered Outcomes Research Institute. Its goal is to fund faster, cheaper clinical research. Lawmakers won't soon forget about the controversial price of deflazacort (Emflaza). Sens. Bernie Sanders (I-Vt.) and Elijah Cummings (D-Md.) have asked its new owner, PTC Therapeutics, how much it plans to charge for the muscular dystrophy drug. (Reuters) America's constitutional right to bear arms comes at a cost of more than $730 million per year in medical bills. (New York Daily News) A federal appeals court is allowing a lawsuit to proceed against Merck for failing to warn patients about fractures associated with Fosamax. (Reuters) Healthy lunches don't just prevent obesity -- new research suggests they can raise students' test scores. (The Atlantic) A new Alzheimer's test may predict age of onset. (The Guardian) Americans may soon be able to buy medicines from foreign pharmacies at far lower prices if Congress passes this new bill. (Kaiser Health News) This California health insurer does not like the AHCA. (The New York Times) Morning Break is a daily guide to what's new and interesting on the Web for healthcare professionals, powered by the MedPage Today community. Got a tip? Send it to us: MPT_editorial@everydayhealthinc.com. 2017-03-23T09:00:00-0400 0 comments More in Primary Care No Coffee-Cancer Link: That's Improbable! Sports Med Group: Providers Should Help Patients Be More Physically Active Morning Break: Still No Healthcare Deal; Califf's New Gig Fitness Tracker Training Pavlov's Humans? (Popular Science) About Help Center Site Map Terms of Use Privacy Policy Advertise with us Your Ad Choices The material on this site is for informational purposes only, and is not a substitute for medical advice, diagnosis or treatment provided by a qualified health care provider. © 2017 MedPage Today, LLC. All rights reserved.
Menu Home About/Contact Privacy Policy Staff Follow Home World U.S. Business Entertainment Technology Sports Science Health Education Home » Headlines » Business » Global Drug Delivery Technologies Industry 2016-2024 Credence Research Global Drug Delivery Technologies Industry 2016-2024 Credence Research By satyamspot   /   Thursday, 23 Mar 2017 06:41AM   /   Comments Off on Global Drug Delivery Technologies Industry 2016-2024 Credence Research   /   12 views share As reported by Credence Research, Inc. through their latest publication “Global Drug Delivery Technologies Market – Growth, Share, Opportunities, Competitive Analysis, and Forecast, 2016 – 2022,” the drug delivery technologies market was valued at USD 175.95 Bn in 2015, and is expected to reach USD 284.71 Bn by 2022, expanding at a CAGR of 6.9% from 2016 to 2022. Market Insights Patent expiry of several major drugs, coupled with the expensive business of development of new chemical entity has posed as a prime concern for pharmaceutical manufacturers. Development of new chemical entity is often observed to be a more expensive affair than development of novel delivery technology. Hence, several pharmaceutical manufacturers have adopted new drug delivery technologies for their portfolio as an effective life cycle management strategy. Browse the full report Global Drug Delivery Technologies Market – Growth, Share, Opportunities, Competitive Analysis, and Forecast, 2016 – 2022 at http://www.credenceresearch.com/report/drug-delivery-technologies-market The global drug delivery devices market is studied for mode of administration and geography segmentations. Oral, pulmonary, transdermal, injectable, nasal, implantable, and ocular, buccal etc. cumulatively make the drug delivery technologies market. Among these, oral drug delivery is the largest segment, followed by pulmonary drug delivery in 2015 at a combined market share of over 65%. Newer technologies through products such as orodispersible tablets, transdermal patches, pen injectors, powder inhalers and buccal tablets are among the most widely adopted products. Additionally, the demand for drug eluting implants is also on a continuous rise in the developed markets. Implantable drug delivery devices find application in diabetes management, contraception, cardiology, pain management, pain management and others. Geographically, North America is the largest regional market for drug delivery technologies. Well structured reimbursement policies, large scale adoption of latest technologies, high prevalence of chronic diseases and high level of awareness among both care givers and patients are the prime contributors to the growth of North America drug delivery technologies market. In terms of growth rate, Asia-Pacific and Latin America are the fastest developing markets for drug delivery technologies. Fast developing healthcare infrastructure, gradually rising awareness and improving healthcare expenditure supplement the growth of emerging markets. Intense competition among drug manufacturers to manage product life cycles of blockbuster drugs, and rising trend of manufacturing outsourcing have made the drug delivery technologies market fragmented. Merck, 3M Company, Johnson and Johnson, Becton Diskinson and Company and others are some of the major players in the global drug delivery technologies market. Browse the full report Global Drug Delivery Technologies Market – Growth, Share, Opportunities, Competitive Analysis, and Forecast, 2016 – 2022 at https://goo.gl/P6G6Ww ToC: Chapter 1 Preface 1.1 Report Description 1.1.1 Study Purpose 1.1.2 Target Audience 1.1.3 USP and Key Offerings 1.2 Market Segmentation 1.3 Research Methodology Chapter 2 Executive Summary 2.1 Drug Delivery Technologies Market, 2014-2022 (USD Bn) 2.2 Drug Delivery Technologies Market Share, by Mode of Administration, 2015 & 2022 (Value %) 2.3 Drug Delivery Technologies Market Share, by Geography, 2015 (Value %) Chapter 3 Global Drug Delivery Technologies Market: Market Dynamics and Outlook 3.1 Introduction, Facts and Figures 3.2 Drivers 3.3 Challenges 3.4 Future Prospects 3.5 Fractal Map Analysis: by Key Market Players 3.6 Attractive Investment Proposition Chapter 4 Global Drug Delivery Technologies Market Analysis, by Mode of Administration 4.1 Preface 4.2 Oral 4.3 Pulmonary 4.3.1 Pulmonary Drug Delivery Technology Market, 2014 – 2022 (USD Bn) 4.4 Transdermal 4.4.1 Transdermal Drug Delivery Technology Market, 2014-2022 (USD Bn) 4.5 Injectable 4.5.1 Injectable Drug Delivery Technology Market, 2014-2022 (USD Bn) 4.6 Nasal 4.6.1 Nasal Drug Delivery Technology Market, 2014-2022 (USD Bn) 4.7 Implantable 4.7.1 Implantable Drug Delivery Technology Market, 2014-2022 (USD Bn) 4.8 Others (Ocular, Buccal, Etc.).. Request Sample: http://www.credenceresearch.com/sample-request/57779 About Us: Credence Research is a worldwide market research and counseling firm that serves driving organizations, governments, non-legislative associations, and not-for-benefits. We offer our customers some assistance with making enduring enhancements to their execution and understand their most imperative objectives. Over almost a century, we’ve manufactured a firm extraordinarily prepared to this task. Quora: https://www.quora.com/What-will-be-the-upcoming-trends-in-Drug-Delivery-Technologies-market Media Contact Name: Chris Smith Address: 105 N 1st ST #429, SAN JOSE, CA 95103 US E-mail: sales@credenceresearch.com Ph: 1-800-361-8290 Web: http://www.credenceresearch.com Share this: Share on Tumblr Thermal Pipe Insulation Market Research Report Now Available at Research Corridor < Previous Global Color Measurement Instruments Sales Market Growth Factors,Types & Applications with Industry Analysis & Forecasts: Acute Market Reports Next > Recommended stories you may like: Mission Management System Market Research Report Now Available at Research Corridor Amethyst Rings Market Research Report Now Available at Research Corridor Amethyst Necklace Market Research Report Now Available at Research Corridor Amethyst Bracelet Market Research Report Now Available at Research Corridor Connect with us Latest News Mission Management System Market Research Report Now Available at Research CorridorMar 24, 2017, Comments Off on Mission Management System Market Research Report Now Available at Research Corridor Amethyst Rings Market Research Report Now Available at Research CorridorMar 24, 2017, Comments Off on Amethyst Rings Market Research Report Now Available at Research Corridor Amethyst Necklace Market Research Report Now Available at Research CorridorMar 24, 2017, Comments Off on Amethyst Necklace Market Research Report Now Available at Research Corridor Amethyst Bracelet Market Research Report Now Available at Research CorridorMar 24, 2017, Comments Off on Amethyst Bracelet Market Research Report Now Available at Research Corridor Connected Home Security System Sales Market Growth Factors,Types & Applications with Industry Analysis & Forecasts: Acute Market ReportsMar 24, 2017, Comments Off on Connected Home Security System Sales Market Growth Factors,Types & Applications with Industry Analysis & Forecasts: Acute Market Reports Business Survey: Domestic Safety Locker Sales Market Size, Share, Growth, Outlook and Forecast: Acute Market ReportsMar 24, 2017, Comments Off on Business Survey: Domestic Safety Locker Sales Market Size, Share, Growth, Outlook and Forecast: Acute Market Reports Global Electronic Musical Instrument Sales Market Size, Share, Growth, Outlook and Forecast: Acute Market ReportsMar 24, 2017, Comments Off on Global Electronic Musical Instrument Sales Market Size, Share, Growth, Outlook and Forecast: Acute Market Reports Gesture Recognition for Consumer Electronic Devices Sales Market Size, Share, Growth, Outlook and Forecast: Acute Market ReportsMar 24, 2017, Comments Off on Gesture Recognition for Consumer Electronic Devices Sales Market Size, Share, Growth, Outlook and Forecast: Acute Market Reports Global Home Office Furniture Sales Market Size, Share, Growth, Outlook and Forecast: Acute Market ReportsMar 24, 2017, Comments Off on Global Home Office Furniture Sales Market Size, Share, Growth, Outlook and Forecast: Acute Market Reports Global Maternity Wear Sales Market Size, Share, Growth, Outlook and Forecast: Acute Market ReportsMar 24, 2017, Comments Off on Global Maternity Wear Sales Market Size, Share, Growth, Outlook and Forecast: Acute Market Reports Other Media Sites Mobile Computing Today PDF Devices © Copyright 2015 Run Direct Magazine. All Rights Reserved.
UP election resultsAssembly Election News | E-Paper Sections Home Companies Industry Politics Money Opinion Lounge Consumer Elections 2017 More... MultimediaScienceEducationSportsSpecials People Results Management Start-ups Financial Services Manufacturing Retail Telecom Infotech Infrastructure Education World Reports Agriculture Marketinfo Mint 50 Mark to Market Markets Ask Mint Money Calculators Mediclaim Ratings Views Online Views Columns Quick Edit Blogs Lounge Business of Life Slideshows Videos Technology Videos Marketing Research Personal Tech Media Advertising Reclaiming safe public spaces 2017: New year, new beginnings The year of surprise Home » Politics Last Modified: Thu, Mar 23 2017. 05 30 PM IST Drugmakers to spend millions on TV ads to counter Donald Trump’s ‘murder’ charge In reference to overpricing by drugmakers, President Donald Trump had claimed that the companies are “getting away with murder” Subscribe to our newsletter. John McCormickJared S. Hopkins Pharmaceutical companies plan to spend high tens of millions of dollars every year on its campaign, including TV, radio and digital ads, as well as hosted events, says Robert Zirkelbach from Kantar Media’s CMAG. Photo: Bloomberg  Chicago/ New York: The top trade association for US drugmakers is spending more on television advertising than any other special-interest group, part of a multi-year campaign to repair the industry’s reputation and counter President Donald Trump’s claims that it’s “getting away with murder” on pricing. The Pharmaceutical Research and Manufacturers of America, commonly known as PhRMA, has already spent an estimated $8.6 million on broadcast television and cable ads in 2017, according to data from Kantar Media’s CMAG, which tracks issue ads. The pharmaceuticals group hadn’t bought any broadcast TV ads in at least five years. It now plans to spend “high tens of millions of dollars every year” on its campaign, including TV, radio and digital ads, as well as hosted events, said Robert Zirkelbach, its executive vice president for public affairs. By comparison, the top advertiser in the debate about repealing Obamacare—a coalition of health-care providers and advocates opposed to the law’s repeal—has spent less than a quarter of PhRMA’s total this year. PhRMA, which represents more than 50 member companies, is one of the most powerful interest groups in Washington. In 2016, it spent $20 million on lobbying, employing 21 internal lobbyists and 36 outside firms, Bloomberg Government data shows. Pharmaceutical manufacturers also gave almost $20 million to candidates for federal offices in the 2016 election cycle, according to the Center for Responsive Politics. Now, PhRMA is appealing directly to the public after being repeatedly battered last year by both Trump and Democrat Hillary Clinton for what the candidates called excessively high prices on life-saving drugs. Also Read| Donald Trump: Pharma industry is getting away with murder In January, Trump sent pharmaceutical stocks falling when he made his accusation about drug companies and “murder” nine days before his inauguration. As recently as Monday, at a rally in Kentucky, the president pledged to work to lower drug prices once the Affordable Care Act is repealed. “We knew correctly that no matter what the outcome during the election, these issues are going to continue to be areas of focus,” Zirkelbach said. “This is a national conversation that’s happening right now about medicines and their cost and value that they provide to patients and society.” So far this year, PhRMA’s two ads—one 30-seconds long and the other a minute -- have run almost 2,300 times nationally. The ads make no mention of drug prices. Instead, they focus on how the industry is investing in research, featuring images of a baby, an elderly man about to undergo surgery, scientists looking into microscopes and a digitized cancer cell being destroyed “thanks to medicine that didn’t exist until now.” The vast majority of the TV spots have run on national cable, although the group has also placed them on national network TV shows that typically cost more. The ads have run on NBC’s Saturday Night Live and Meet the Press; ABC’s Good Morning America and This Week with George Stephanopoulos;” and CBS’ Face the Nation and The Late Show With Stephen Colbert. John Rother, president of the National Coalition on Health Care and the leader of a separate group that campaigns against high drug prices, said congressional scrutiny and public protest over prices for drugs like EpiPen, a lifesaving allergy injection that enjoys a near monopoly, isn’t going to subside. “Each time you have a new outrage on a very high priced drug, there are senior members of Congress with considerable expertise who are looking at these things,” Rother said. “If I were PhMRA, I would definitely be worried.” Unlike many developed countries, the US doesn’t directly regulate medicine prices, and drug-makers have strongly resisted it. The industry has faced pressure for several years to reduce prices amid an outcry from members of Congress and customers. Some companies, including Allergan and Swiss giant Novartis AG, have responded with voluntary actions to cap annual price increases, while Johnson & Johnson and Merck & Co. have taken steps to increase transparency about pricing. Trump hasn’t provided many specifics on how to lower drug prices, although White House spokesman Sean Spicer said in February that the president supports drug price negotiations for Medicare, the program for the elderly is the nation’s biggest purchaser of health care. Also Read| Donald Trump calls drug pricing ‘astronomical’ and promises changes At the Kentucky rally on Monday, Trump said “we are also going to work on bringing down the cost of medicine by having a fair and competitive bidding process,” adding that “somebody’s getting very rich” from the current pricing system. “Medicine prices will be coming way down, way, way, way down -- and that’s going to happen fast,” he said. Despite his rhetoric, Trump won’t be overly hostile to drugmakers because he won’t want them to send more jobs outside the US, said W.J. “Billy” Tauzin, who led PhRMA from 2005 through part of 2010 after serving as both a Democratic and Republican congressman from Louisiana. Still, Tauzin said, the highly publicized incidents of dramatic price increases have spurred the need for the public relations campaign. “That’s the picture people have now of the industry is bad players like that,” he said. “So, I suspect, what they’re trying to do is remind people that there are a lot of good players out there who are trying to do the right thing, trying to spend enormous sums to find cures.” Bloomberg John McCormickJared S. Hopkins Topics: Donald Trump drugmakers murder charge TV advertising drug pricing More From Livemint READ MORE Pakistan arrests over 100 Indian fishermen off Gujarat coast Surat airport to be converted into an international one: Jayant Sinha General insurance premium set to go up from 1 April First Published: Thu, Mar 23 2017. 05 00 PM IST Editor's Picks Sebi bans Reliance Industries from equity derivatives market for a year Aadhaar to be mandatory for mobile phone verification Elon Musk’s Tesla remains unmoved by India’s pitch for manufacturing plant Latest News Pakistan arrests over 100 Indian fishermen off Gujarat coast Surat airport to be converted into an international one: Jayant Sinha General insurance premium set to go up from 1 April By 2021, 4 out of 10 jobs would be lost to automation: Experts India now 3rd largest aviation market in domestic air passenger traffic: Capa Mint On Sunday When songs from rural grind mills make it online Musings from the IISc Open Day: Bringing science to the masses How to get rich like Warren Buffett Secrets from the highest-grossing restaurant in New York Letter from... a biennale TOP GAINERSTOP MUTUAL FUNDSMOST ACTIVE VALUE AND VOLUME Home Companies Opinion Industry Politics Consumer Lounge Multimedia Money Sitemap Subscribe Contact Us Mint Code Privacy policy Terms of Use Advertising Mint Apps About Us Syndication Mint on Sunday RSS Hindustan Times Desimartini Copyright © 2017 HT Media Ltd. All Rights Reserved Close Home Companies Industry Politics Money Opinion Lounge Elections 2017 Multimedia Consumer Science Education Sports Specials Close
Press Release Distribution   PR Home Latest News News Feeds Subscribe Submit Free Press Release For Bloggers PR Newswire Distribution News By Tag * Anti-counterfeit * Pharmaceutical Supply Chain * Supply Chain * More Tags... Industry News * Medical * More Industries... News By Place * London City   London, Greater   England * More Locations... Country(s) United States Australia India Hong Kong England - - - More Countries Industry News March 2017 Su Sa Fr Th We Tu Mo 26 25 24 23 22 21 20 A focus on supply chain security and anti-counterfeiting at Pharmaceutical Logistics Mundipharma, GS1, GIRP and TAPA release presentations ahead of the 11th annual Pharmaceutical Logistics Conference which returns to London 18th & 19th May 2017.     Spread the Word Listed Under Tags: • Anti-counterfeit • Pharmaceutical Supply Chain • Supply Chain Industry: • Medical Location: • London City - London, Greater - England Subject: • EventsLONDON - March 23, 2017 - PRLog -- The worldwide threat of counterfeiting and supply chain security continues to escalate with reports of fake drugs still slipping into public health systems despite rigorous regulatory schemes. In line with this, the 11th annual Pharmaceutical Logistics Conference will provide a focus on strategies to maintain supply chain security, visibility and anti-counterfeiting. Key presentations to include: AN APPROACH TO GLOBAL SUPPLY CHAIN SECURITY Tom Cochrane, Head of Security Operations, Mundipharma Case studies on how to manage security systems to mitigate risks of damage, temperature excursion, bribery and corruption, as well as using networks and technology for a multi-layered approach. The presentation will also include looking at investigations such as paper trails, CCTV footage and forensic analysis to identify causes of incidents. GS1 STANDARD - A CRITICAL TOOL IN THE FIGHT AGAINST COUNTERFEITING Glen Hodson, Head of Healthcare, GS1 Explores GS1 standards as a tool to prevent counterfeiting and knowing regulatory bodies taking action. This will also discuss authentication and traceability. THE IMPACT OF THE FALSIFIED MEDICINES DIRECTIVE TO THE SUPPLY CHAIN Martin FitzGerald, Deputy Director General, European Healthcare Distribution Association (GIRP) This presentation will expound on the Falsified Medicines Directive& Delegated REgulation, the development of European Medicines Verification Systems as well as the cost implications for operators and latest developments. HOW TAPA MITIGATES SUPPLY CHAIN SECURITY RISKS Jason Breakwell, Vice Chairman, Transported Asset Protection Association A discussion on intelligence analysis, mitigation measures for facilities and transportation as well as identification and evaluation of supply chain risks. The two-day event will also provide in-depth discussions on the demands of temperature regulation, warehousing and supply chain efficacy, innovation within clinical trial logistics, and regulatory considerations within the pharmaceutical industry. Presentations will also be led by featured experts from Exelcius, Seer Pharma, Johnson and Johnson, Merck, Sharpe and Dohme, GlaxoSmithKline, Eli Lilly, Sanofi, IATA, AstraZeneca, ASC Associates, TEDAC, Turkish Cargo and more. You can view the full roster of the speakers as well as their presentations at www.pharmaceutical-logistics.com/prlog Pharmaceutical Logistics Conference 11th Annual Conference: 18th & 19th May Copthorne Tara Hotel, London, UK www.pharmaceutical-logistics.com/prlog ---end --- Contact Information: For sponsorship and exhibition queries please contact Alia Malick at amalick@smi-online.co.uk. For delegate queries please contact Fateja Begum at fbegum@smi-online.co.uk. For media queries please contact Honey de Gracia at hdegracia@smi-online.co.uk. About SMi Group: Established since 1993, the SMi Group is a global event-production company that specializes in Business-to-Business Conferences, Workshops, Masterclasses and online Communities. We create and deliver events in the Defence, Security, Energy, Utilities, Finance and Pharmaceutical industries. We pride ourselves on having access to the world's most forward thinking opinion leaders and visionaries, allowing us to bring our communities together to Learn, Engage, Share and Network. More information can be found at http://www.smi-online.co.uk End Source : SMi Group Email : ***@smi-online.co.uk Posted By : ***@smi-online.co.uk Phone : +442078276000 Tags : Anti-counterfeit, Pharmaceutical Supply Chain, Supply Chain Industry : Medical Location : London City - London, Greater - England Subject : Events Account Email Address     Account Phone Number     Disclaimer     Report Abuse SMi Group Ltd. PRs Fast Jet Pilot Training Central and Eastern Europe – Interview released with Czech Air Force's Chief of Combat Training Allergies: standardisation, regulation and clinical trials breakthroughs with Stallergenes Greer, HAL Allergy, Nestle & LETI Controlled Release Delivery 2017: Strengthening innovation & overcoming the regulatory landscape Pre-Filled Syringes West Coast Reports New Updates in Regulation, Biologics, Device Design and Manufacturing Registration is now open for SMi's Rapid Microbial Detection Methods Masterclass Trending News Jacob Wohl, CEO of Montgomery Assets, announces second Southern California office opening Jun 1 2017 Nor-Pak Services Inc. Announced the Grand Opening of an Online Store Hedge Fund Prodigy Jacob Wohl Begins '1 Minute with Jacob Wohl' Series PALM BEACH OPERA Announces Chorus Auditions on April 21-22 Georgia Equipment Rental Store Wins ARA President's Image Award Top Daily News The GroovaLottos Sign with Wakeby Fire & Associates - 296 views Church Of Ha Begins Filming Clean Comedy Series - 295 views Jacob Wohl, CEO of Montgomery Assets, announces second Southern California office opening Jun 1 2017 - 283 views Hedge Fund Prodigy Jacob Wohl Begins '1 Minute with Jacob Wohl' Series - 272 views Linda Zazzali with Daughters Eva and Valentina Zazzali Step to the Stage on GingerNewYork in NYC - 251 views Top Weekly News Legendary Comedian Marty Allen Turns 95 With Lifetime Achievement Comedy Legend Award - 5795 views Geokinetics awarded a contract by Brunei Shell Petroleum to acquire a high resolution 3D survey in Brunei Darussalam - 3433 views Serial Entrepreneur Jason Sherman Publishes Startup Book - 1963 views Progressive Real Estate Partners Inks Deal with Golden Corral for 12,900 SF Restaurant in Ontario,CA - 1459 views SR Socially Relevant (TM) Film Fest NY 2017 announces the Winners at the CLOSING AWARD CEREMONY - 1444 views Top Daily News The GroovaLottos Sign with Wakeby Fire & Associates - 296 views Church Of Ha Begins Filming Clean Comedy Series - 295 views Jacob Wohl, CEO of Montgomery Assets, announces second Southern California office opening Jun 1 2017 - 283 views Hedge Fund Prodigy Jacob Wohl Begins '1 Minute with Jacob Wohl' Series - 272 views Linda Zazzali with Daughters Eva and Valentina Zazzali Step to the Stage on GingerNewYork in NYC - 251 views Top Weekly News Legendary Comedian Marty Allen Turns 95 With Lifetime Achievement Comedy Legend Award - 5795 views Geokinetics awarded a contract by Brunei Shell Petroleum to acquire a high resolution 3D survey in Brunei Darussalam - 3433 views Serial Entrepreneur Jason Sherman Publishes Startup Book - 1963 views Progressive Real Estate Partners Inks Deal with Golden Corral for 12,900 SF Restaurant in Ontario,CA - 1459 views SR Socially Relevant (TM) Film Fest NY 2017 announces the Winners at the CLOSING AWARD CEREMONY - 1444 views PTC News Lennar's Meadow Creek Now Open for Information - 244 views Eagle Glen Coming Soon to Lake Stevens - 240 views Peters, Wesley, Phelps Twins, WWE Superstar Randy Orton Added To Wizard World Comic Con St. Louis - 217 views Mar 23, 2017 News SiteMap Privacy Policy Terms of Service Copyright Notice About Advertise Like PRLog? 9K2K1K
03262017Headline: Global RFID Printer Market Research Report 2017 2 days ago Global Rigid Insulation Market Analysis,Trends, Fastest Growth and Forecasts 2017 – 2022 – by acute market reports 2 days ago Connected Home Security System Sales Market Growth Factors,Types & Applications with Industry Analysis & Forecasts: Acute Market Reports 2 days ago Advantages and Market Demands for Risperidone Market Research Report Forecast 2017 Analysis and Forecasts to 2022 – by acute market reports 2 days ago Worldwide Rugged Mobile Computing Global Market Size, Trends, Growth, Regional Outlook and Forecast 2017 – 2022 – by acute market reports 2 days ago Flicks and Bits Flicks and Bits About Us Privacy Policy rss Film Interview Music Business Technology & Media Health Care Food & Beverages Consumer Goods Home Business Global Single-Use Bio-Processing Systems Market Size, Share, Growth, Strategies and Forecast to 2023 – Credence Research Global Single-Use Bio-Processing Systems Market Size, Share, Growth, Strategies and Forecast to 2023 – Credence Research March 23, 2017 | by Johnson | According to the latest report published by Credence Research, Inc. “Single-Use Bio-Processing Systems Market – (Application Type – R&D Support Bio-processing Systems and GMP Single-use Bio-processing Systems): Market Growth, Future Prospects and Competitive Analysis, 2016-2023,” the market was valued at USD 1,946.7 Mn in 2015, and is expected to reach USD 19,059.3 Mn by 2023, expanding at a CAGR of 33.0% from 2016 to 2022. Browse the full report Single-Use Bio-Processing Systems: Market Growth, Future Prospects and Competitive Analysis, 2016-2022 at http://www.credenceresearch.com/report/single-use-bio-processing-systems-market Market Insights   The Global Single-use Bio-processing Systems market is expected to witness significant growth during the forecast period primarily by the growing demand and cost- effective features of these single-use systems, which are mostly used in R&D applications. The essential bio-processing systems used in R&D applications are disposable bioreactors, mixers, containers, tubing, connectors, sampling systems, purification devices and columns, and probes/sensors.  The overall market has also undergone a paradigm shift owing to the growing usage of GMP single-use systems and the increasing outsourcing activities to the developing nations.  North America held the largest regional market, accounting for the market share of over 35% in 2015, and is expected to dominate the global single-user bio-processing systems market during the forecast period of 2016 to 2022. The prime factors driving the market are adoption of cost-cutting practices by biopharmaceutical companies. and the increasing prevalence of diseases leading to the procurement of biologics and biopharmaceuticals. Asia Pacific is expected at a highest rate during the forecast period increasing adoption of single-use bio-processing systems, the rise in healthcare spending, and the increase in outsourcing activities by biopharmaceutical vendors based in the developed region. Based on application type, The R&D Support Single-use Systems held the largest share in the global single-use bio-processing systems market. The market is driven primarily by the growing demand and cost-effective features of these single-use systems, which are mostly used in R&D applications.  The GMP single-use systems are expected to grow at the highest growth rate as the GMP single-use systems are employed by biopharmaceutical companies and other bio-manufacturing companies for reorienting their business and manufacturing processes. Request Free Sample : http://www.credenceresearch.com/sample-request/58055 The key players in the global single-use bio-processing systems market are GE Healthcare, Merck, Sartorius, Thermo Fisher Scientific, Broadley-James, Cellexus, Eppendorf, Finesse Solutions, Pall, Parker Hannifin, Saint-Gobain and others. Latest Report: http://www.credenceresearch.com/report/single-use-bio-processing-systems-market http://www.credenceresearch.com/report/sleep-apnea-devices-market About Us: Credence Research is a worldwide industry research and counseling firm that serves driving organizations, governments, non-legislative associations, and not-for-benefits. We offer our customers some assistance with making enduring enhancements to their execution and understand their most imperative objectives. Over almost a century, we’ve manufactured a firm extraordinarily prepared to this task. Who we are Credence Research is a worldwide firm, containing more than 15 research consultants and almost 100 research and information professionals. Our customers mirror our worldwide nature. Around 45% are in Europe, 30% in the Americas, 13% in Asia Pacific and 12% in the Middle East and Africa. Our firm is intended to work as one. We are a solitary global research organization united by a solid arrangement of qualities, concentrated on customer effect. Contact: Name: Chris Smith (Global Sales Manager) Address: 105 N 1st ST #429, SAN JOSE, CA 95103, United States Ph: 1-800-361-8290 E-mail: sales@credenceresearch.com Website: http://www.credenceresearch.com Filed in: Business Share this post Twitter Facebook Google+ LinkedIn Pinterest Email Recommended for You Global RFID Printer Market Research Report 2017 Global Rigid Insulation Market Analysis,Trends, Fastest Growth and Forecasts 2017 – 2022 – by acute market reports Connected Home Security System Sales Market Growth Factors,Types & Applications with Industry Analysis & Forecasts: Acute Market Reports Advantages and Market Demands for Risperidone Market Research Report Forecast 2017 Analysis and Forecasts to 2022 – by acute market reports Popular Posts New Batmobile & A Stormtrooper Highlighted In Latest ‘Batman V Superman’/’Star Wars’ Crossover Image From Zack Snyder Chilling First TV Spot For ‘Annabelle’ (‘The Conjuring’ Spinoff) “Brothers Under The Gun” Featurette For ‘Fury’ – Starring Brad Pitt, Logan Lerman, Shia LaBeouf, Michael Pena… “Locations” Behind-The-Scenes Video For ‘Exodus: Gods And Kings’ – Starring Christian Bale, Joel Edgerton, Aaron Paul… Trailer For The Assassin-Thriller ‘John Wick’ – Starring Keanu Reeves, Willem Dafoe, Ian McShane, Adrianne Palicki…. Recent Posts Global RFID Printer Market Research Report 2017 Global Rigid Insulation Market Analysis,Trends, Fastest Growth and Forecasts 2017 – 2022 – by acute market reports Connected Home Security System Sales Market Growth Factors,Types & Applications with Industry Analysis & Forecasts: Acute Market Reports Advantages and Market Demands for Risperidone Market Research Report Forecast 2017 Analysis and Forecasts to 2022 – by acute market reports Worldwide Rugged Mobile Computing Global Market Size, Trends, Growth, Regional Outlook and Forecast 2017 – 2022 – by acute market reports © 2017 Flicks and Bits. All rights reserved. Mobile Computing Today TampaBayReview
Corner Bench Memos Bench Magazine Subscribe Login Donate Congress Can Make Regulators Accountable (Photo: Citalliance/Dreamstime) Share article on Facebookshare Tweet articletweet Plus one article on Google Plus+1 Print Article Adjust font size AA AA AA AA AA AA AA by Henry I. Miller & Jeff Stier March 23, 2017 4:00 AM And the FDA would be a good place to start ‘It’s tough to make predictions, especially about the future,” Yogi Berra famously (and apocryphally) said — but we’re going to hazard one anyway. Because the need for less-intrusive and more-cost-effective regulation is a core belief in both the GOP majority in Congress and the Trump administration, much-needed regulatory rollbacks will be an ongoing storyline in 2017 and beyond. In a December 60 Minutes interview, House speaker Paul Ryan spoke of the need for regulatory reform: There are a lot of regulations that are really just crushing jobs. Look at the coal miners in the Rust Belt that are getting out of work, . . . the loggers and the timber workers and the paper mills on the West Coast, . . . the ranchers or farmers in the Midwest. . . . We’re talking about smarter regulations that actually help us grow jobs in this country. Leaving no doubt about the centrality of regulatory reform on the congressional to-do list, Speaker Ryan also said, “So we think regulatory relief is very, very important. And that’s something we’re going to work on day one.” He wasn’t kidding. Within the first weeks of the new session of Congress, two important pieces of legislation that could be major steps forward on regulatory reform had been approved by the House of Representatives. The first is the aptly named Regulations from the Executive in Need of Scrutiny (REINS) Act, which would require affirmative congressional approval of any “significant” rule — defined as one that imposes compliance costs of more than $100 million a year. If Congress failed to approve a rule within 70 legislative days after its promulgation, it would not become law. The “opt-in” nature of this legislation instead of the “opt-out” character of the Congressional Review Act (CRA) would make it far more effective. That said, as of March 13 the House and Senate had both voted to overturn seven regulations under the CRA, and three of those bills had been signed by the president. Once they have all been enacted, the seven withdrawn regulations will have eliminated $3.7 billion in regulatory costs and the burden of 4.2 million paperwork-hours. Many more withdrawals are in the pipeline. Second, making the CRA potentially even more effective, in January the House passed the Midnight Rules Regulation Act, which would allow Congress “to consider a joint resolution to disapprove multiple regulations that federal agencies have submitted for congressional review within the last 60 legislative days of a session of Congress during the final year of a President’s term.” In other words, Congress would be able to withdraw a group of such regulations together (“en bloc”) instead of having to use the current procedure of considering one regulation at a time. Greater politicization of regulation is a risk itself, but it’s a reasonable price to pay for curbing the kind of rogue regulation found in recent years across the executive branch’s departments and agencies. Under the Holman Rule, bureaucrats who unnecessarily delay approval of an important new product or project (such as a life-saving drug, or the Keystone pipeline) could be sanctioned. Another important development was the House’s reinstatement of a procedure called the Holman Rule, which empowers any member of Congress to propose an amendment to appropriations bills that would single out a government employee for salary reduction or cut a specific program. A majority of the House and the Senate would have to approve any such amendment. That could be an important factor in redressing the excessive risk-aversion of many of our “gatekeeper” regulatory agencies. For example, bureaucrats who unnecessarily delay approval of an important new product or project (such as a life-saving drug, or the Keystone pipeline) could be sanctioned. Another potentially important development was the introduction by Representative Barry Loudermilk (R., Ga.) of the Modern Employment Reform, Improvement, and Transformation (MERIT) Act, H.R. 559, which would make it easier to “drain the swamp” by removing federal employees for poor performance or misconduct. This would be something of a sibling to the Holman Rule, but possibly less unwieldy. Currently, trying to discharge a federal employee can take upward of a year, usually distracts managers from the substance of their agencies’ work, and is often unsuccessful in the end. According to a 2015 Government Accountability Office report, only 0.18 percent of the federal workforce had been fired for poor performance or bad conduct during the previous year. Many federal departments and agencies must simply soldier on with underperforming or insubordinate employees. The MERIT Act allows for due process: It requires notice in writing to the employee in question from the head of an agency and provides an opportunity to respond with an appeal. The Merit Systems Protection Board is required to issue a decision within 30 days of the appeal. If these new measures become law, the Food and Drug Administration (FDA) would be a good place to start applying them. The nation’s most ubiquitous regulator, it regulates products accounting for more than a trillion dollars annually — 25 cents of every consumer dollar, encompassing food, drugs, vaccines, medical devices, and your dog’s flea medicine. In recent years, in both the formulation of policy and the evaluation of individual products, the FDA has made egregious errors and arbitrarily expanded its authority in extra-statutory ways that have had important consequences. Most of these missteps have been in the direction of excessive risk-aversion or heavy-handed regulation, although a few, such as oversight of herbal dietary supplements and compounding pharmacies, have been marked by laxity, timidity, or outright incompetence. President Trump agrees. In addition to signing the Congressional Review Act measures, on March 13 he directed the director of the Office of Management and Budget “to propose a plan to reorganize governmental functions and eliminate unnecessary agencies (as defined in section 551(1) of title 5, United States Code), components of agencies, and agency programs.” The list of these redundant bodies should be long, though eliminating agencies and programs will be difficult to accomplish with the “gatekeeper” agencies, such as the FDA, which must issue affirmative approvals before certain classes of products can be legally marketed. Nevertheless, drastic reforms are needed. Bringing a new drug to market now requires ten to 15 years, and the costs have skyrocketed to an average of more than $2.5 billion (including both out-of-pocket and opportunity costs) — largely because FDA requirements have increased the length and number of clinical trials per marketing application, along with their complexity. The detrimental effects of FDA delays in approving certain new drugs already available in other industrialized countries are well documented and deserve as much attention as drugs’ high costs. At times, FDA officials seem to have forgotten that their decisions are literally a matter of life or death. An example is the sorry saga of a drug called pirfenidone, used to treat a pulmonary disorder called idiopathic pulmonary fibrosis (IPF), which kills tens of thousands of Americans annually. The cause of the disease is unknown, and there were no drug treatments approved for it in the United States until October 2014, although pirfenidone had already been marketed in Europe (since 2011), Japan (2008), Canada (2012), and China. Pirfenidone was approved in the EU on the basis of three randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled studies, conducted in Japan, Europe, and the United States. Despite a recommendation for approval by an FDA advisory committee (composed of outside experts) in 2010, agency officials opted not to approve the drug and demanded another major clinical study. The results, published in May 2014, were impressive, and the FDA finally approved the drug in October of that year; but between 2010 and the approval, more than 150,000 patients died of IPF in the United States. Had pirfenidone been available, a significant fraction of them could have had their lives prolonged. The pirfenidone example illustrates an endemic problem at the gatekeeper regulatory agencies: Timidity, fear of “false positives” (approving a drug that proves to be deficient or dangerous), and lack of accountability can have calamitous impacts. Another common problem at federal agencies that must be reined in is “regulatory creep,” the invention of authority or requirements that are not found in statutes or regulations. The FDA has pushed the envelope of its statutory authority in many ways. In 2007, for example, the agency announced what amounts to a new, extra-statutory criterion for marketing approval. For a drug to be marketed, the law requires only that it be shown to be safe and effective. In denying approval of Merck’s new drug Arcoxia, a COX-2 inhibitor for the relief of arthritis pain, however, the FDA said that the drug had to be shown to be superior to existing drugs to merit approval. Robert Meyer, the director of the FDA office that oversees arthritis drugs, claimed that the agency’s advisory committee had sent a clear message that “simply having another drug on the market . . . didn’t seem to be sufficient reason” for approval. But whether or not the advisory committee actually meant to convey that message (and in any case, advisory committees’ recommendations are not binding), it is specious reasoning. Another common problem at federal agencies that must be reined in is ‘regulatory creep,’ the invention of authority or requirements that are not found in statutes or regulations. In fact, for a variety of reasons, having “another drug on the market” that appears from clinical-trial data to be no better than alternatives may be important. First, there are important differences between drugs that act through similar mechanisms: Different COX-2 inhibitors and statins, for example, were shown long after the initial approvals to have distinct and critical advantages and disadvantages, so physicians can select one over another, depending on how their patient responds. Second, if two drugs are both effective in 40 percent of patients with a given symptom or disease, it may not be known whether they work in the same 40 percent. Thus the failure of regulators to approve the second drug could deprive a large number of patients of access to an efficacious medicine. Third, a substantial fraction of the prescribing of many drugs falls outside the primary indications specified in the original approval; these subsequent uses may be either approved or “off-label” indications. But if the FDA won’t approve a drug for its initial indication because it is not sufficiently superior to a previously approved medicine, further testing might not be performed, and other uses, therefore, might never be discovered. Wyeth’s former chairman and CEO, Robert Essner, described the implications of the requirement to show superiority this way: “If you’re the first company to get approved in a certain area and competitors can’t get on the market, the FDA is now establishing monopolies. And that’s certainly not their mandate.” Whatever one thinks of regulation to ensure safety and efficacy, surely we should not have an FDA that aggressively discourages and undermines competition. The extra-statutory superiority criterion should be explicitly repudiated by the FDA, perhaps in a “clarification” in the Federal Register. The FDA’s intransigence has virtually annihilated entire once-promising industrial sectors — for example, “biopharming,” the production of high-value substances in plants. One early application was the production by the biotech company Ventria Bioscience of rice that contained two human proteins, lactoferrin and lysozyme. Once grown and harvested, the rice kernel is processed to extract and purify the proteins for use in oral-rehydration solution for treating diarrhea, which is surpassed only by respiratory diseases as the leading infectious killer of children under the age of five in developing countries. The proteins have the same structure and functional properties as those found naturally in breast milk, and the process for extracting them is analogous to that used routinely to produce therapeutic proteins from organisms such as bacteria and yeast. Research in Peru showed that fortifying an oral-rehydration solution with the proteins extracted from Ventria’s rice substantially lessens the duration of diarrhea and reduces the rate of recurrence — a near-miraculous advance for people in the developing world. But regulators can undo miracles. When Ventria approached the FDA in 2010 for affirmation that these proteins are “generally recognized as safe” (a regulatory term of art), it received no response. Without an endorsement by the FDA, the company was unwilling to market the product, and so it remains unavailable, tragically depriving children in developing countries of a life-saving therapy. The current state of affairs, not only at the FDA but at many federal regulatory agencies, is bad for public health and for inspiring trust in the government. We need a new ethic, one that better considers the underappreciated dangers of excessive risk-aversion. And with an eye toward more evidence-based decision-making, the FDA and its congressional overseers must find ways to introduce accountability for misdeeds and missteps. Reform-minded political appointees at the agency will be essential, and Congress will need to be a constructive partner. — Henry I. Miller, a physician and molecular biologist, is the Robert Wesson Fellow in Scientific Philosophy and Public Policy at Stanford University’s Hoover Institution. He was the founding director of the FDA’s Office of Biotechnology. Jeff Stier is a senior fellow at the National Center for Public Policy Research in Washington, D.C., and heads its risk-analysis division. Load More Photo Essay Top Shots About Institute Advertise Contact NR Facebook Twitter Google+ Privacy
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 24 March 2017 by Military News global cancer immunotherapy market is Expected to Witness a Spike in the Demand for Immune Checkpoint Inhibitors The global cancer immunotherapy market is expected to experience a very high rate of growth over the coming years, owing to the increase in the number of patients suffering from various types of cancer. In terms of the treatment options for cancer, cancer immunotherapy is expected to make serious headway due to its proven greater efficiency over conventional treatment methods. The market is also expected to show a high growth rate over the coming years due to a highly promising treatments pipeline. However, the global cancer immunotherapy market is expected to be hindered by factors such as the high level of attrition within the development cycles of its several product types, and the overall lack of awareness of immunotherapy as a better option to conventional treatment in multiple regions of the world. Browse Market Research Report @www.transparencymarketresearch.com/cancer-immunotherapy-m… In 2015, the global cancer immunotherapy market was valued at US$37.50 bn. With its revenue expected to progress at a very strong CAGR of 14.6% within a forecast period from 2016 to 2024, the global cancer immunotherapy market is expected to reach US$124.88 bn by the end of 2024. Monoclonal Antibodies Continue Being Top Cancer Immunotherapy In terms of types of therapies, the global cancer immunotherapy market can be segmented into cancer vaccines, immune system modulators, immune checkpoint inhibitors, and monoclonal antibodies. Monoclonal antibodies have so far been the leading choice of treatment methods for a large portion of the global healthcare industry, giving it a high lead over other segments. This therapy type has been more affordable than the other types, allowing it to gain greater popularity. However, the global cancer immunotherapy market is expected to witness a spike in the demand for immune checkpoint inhibitors due to their greater percentages of success rates and higher overall efficiency. In terms of area of therapy, the global cancer immunotherapy market can be segmented into blood cancer, melanoma, prostate cancer, breast cancer, colorectal cancer, lung cancer, and other minor areas. Of these, breast cancer has been the leading area of immunotherapy. Lung cancer is also showing a very high increase in rate of demand owing to the growing population of smokers and the higher overall air pollution in urban areas. Fill the Form for an Exclusive Sample of this Report @www.transparencymarketresearch.com/sample/sample.php?flag… Developed Economies Show Higher Development Rates in Cancer Immunotherapy From a geographical perspective, the global cancer immunotherapy market can be segmented into North America, Europe, Asia Pacific, and the rest of the world. The market’s past has more or less been written within the developed economies of the world. North America and Europe have been base for several of the top level research and development efforts in the global cancer immunotherapy market so far. Both regions have also shown a great deal of demand for cancer immunotherapy owing to a more aware population and a better overall healthcare outreach. At the same time, the growing rate of awareness in other parts of the world – especially in Asia Pacific – is expected to guide the global cancer immunotherapy market in the coming years. Asia Pacific especially shows a very highly favorable rate of growth in cancer immunotherapy adoption due to an increasing density in urban populations, growing awareness rates of common cancer types such as prostate and breast cancers, and the booming industry of medical tourism. The leading players that have so far been in operation within the global cancer immunotherapy market include Bristol-Myers Squibb Company, Amgen, Inc., AstraZeneca Plc., Eli Lilly and Company, GlaxoSmithKline Plc., F. Hoffmann-La Roche Ltd., Merck & Co., Inc., Janssen Biotech, Inc., Pfizer, Inc., Novartis AG, Spectrum Pharmaceuticals, Inc., Sanofi, and Takeda Pharmaceuticals. About Us Transparency Market Research (TMR) is a global market intelligence company providing business information reports and services. The company’s exclusive blend of quantitative forecasting and trend analysis provides forward-looking insight for thousands of decision makers. TMR’s experienced team of analysts, researchers, and consultants use proprietary data sources and various tools and techniques to gather and analyze information. Our business offerings represent the latest and the most reliable information indispensable for businesses to sustain a competitive edge. Contact Us Transparency Market Research State Tower, 90 State Street, Suite 700 Albany, NY 12207 United States Tel: +1-518-618-1030 USA – Canada Toll Free: 866-552-3453 Email: sales@transparencymarketresearch.com Website: www.transparencymarketresearch.com This release was published on openPR. CategoriesUncategorized Tagsbase, Business, Companies, company, Health & Medicine, Industry, intelligence, Markets, World Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Global Built-in Hot Tubs Market 2017 – Demand, Capacity, Production, Price, Cost, Gross, and Revenue 2021 Next PostNext Pengrowth Announces Sale of Bernadet Montney Lands for $92 Million Search Recent Posts Oil Insurance Limited (OIL) dichiara un dividendo di 250 milioni di dollari e apporta piccoli cambiamenti al suo piano di rating e premi External Remote Patient Monitoring Devices Market Well Prepared To Meet Futuristic Demands Of Healthcare At Home – MarketIntelReports Oil Insurance Limited (OIL) déclare un dividende de 250 millions USD et apporte des modifications mineures à son plan de notation et de primes Intermittent Catheters Market Planning To Make The Most Of The Cost-Effectiveness Provided By Hydrophilic Coated Models – MarketIntelReports The First Group Showcases Unparalleled Opportunities in Dubai’s Booming Property Sector to Chinese Investors Business Contacts Business Directory Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 23 March 2017 by Military News Psoriasis Treatment Global Market Industry Analysis Research Reports and Forecast 2016 – 2024 Albany, NY — (SBWIRE) — 03/23/2017 — Market Research Reports Search Engine (MRRSE) announces the addition of a new report titled „Psoriasis Treatment Market – Global Industry Analysis, Size, Share, Growth, Trends, and Forecast 2016 – 2024″, This report on the Psoriasis Treatment market analyzes the current and future scenario of the global market. Approval of new biologics, increase in access for the treatment in developing market, increase in the number of psoriasis patients, are boosting the growth of the global Psoriasis Treatment market. Request For Sample Report: http://www.mrrse.com/sample/2425 Global Psoriasis Treatment Market – Overview Increase in the incidence of Psoriasis and skin disorders, and novel pipeline drugs are some of the factors expected to drive the growth of global Psoriasis Treatment market during the forecast period. Additionally, the section comprises Porter’s Five Forces Analysis to help understand the competitive landscape in the market. This section also provides market attractiveness analysis in terms of geography and market share analysis by key players, thus presenting a thorough analysis of the overall competitive scenario in the global Psoriasis Treatment market. Global Psoriasis Treatment Market – Segmentation In this report, the market segments have been analyzed based on availability of approved products, cost-effectiveness, and preference for technological systems by physicians and patients. The market size and forecast for each of these segments have been provided for the period from 2014 to 2024, along with their respective CAGRs for the forecast period from 2016 to 2024, considering 2015 as the base year. Based on product type, the market has been segmented into TNF Inhibitors, Vitamin D analogues or its combination, Interleukin Blockers and Others. Interleukin blockers segment is likely to be the most attractive segment in the near future due to its increasing use and its ability to act selectively by targeting the proteins. The segment is expected to grow at a highest CAGR rate during forecast period. Based on Therapy type, the global Psoriasis Treatment market has been segmented into Topical Therapeutic Drugs, Systemic Therapeutic Drugs, Combinations of therapies & others. The market segments have been extensively analyzed based on increase in demand for the therapies, availability of the drug products, and cost of therapy and severity of the disease. Different types of distribution channels are responsible for making the psoriasis treatment available in the market. The distribution channels are Hospital pharmacy, Retail pharmacy and the online sales. Under the distribution channel segment, hospital pharmacy plays a major role followed by retail pharmacy and online sales. Browse Full Report With TOC: http://www.mrrse.com/psoriasis-treatment-market Geographically, the global Psoriasis Treatment market has been categorized into five major regions and the key countries in the respective region: North America (U.S. and Canada), Europe (U.K., Germany, France, Spain, Italy, and Rest of Europe), Asia Pacific (India, Japan, China, Australia & New Zealand, and Rest of Asia Pacific), Latin America (Brazil, Mexico, and Rest of Latin America) and Middle East & Africa (South Africa, Saudi Arabia, and Rest of Middle East & Africa). Companies Mentioned in the Report The report also profiles major players in the global Psoriasis Treatment market based on various attributes such as company overview, financial overview, product portfolio, business strategies, SWOT analysis, and recent developments. Major players profiled in this report include Amgen Inc., Eli Lilly and Company, Novartis AG, Merck & Co., Inc., Johnson & Johnson, Pfizer, Inc., AstraZeneca, AbbVie Inc., LEO Pharma A/S and Biogen. About MRRSE Market Research Reports Search Engine (MRRSE) is an industry-leading database of market intelligence reports. MRRSE is driven by a stellar team of research experts and advisors trained to offer objective advice. Our sophisticated search algorithm returns results based on the report title, geographical region, publisher, or other keywords. MRRSE partners exclusively with leading global publishers to provide clients single-point access to top-of-the-line market research. MRRSE’s repository is updated every day to keep its clients ahead of the next new trend in market research, be it competitive intelligence, product or service trends or strategic consulting. Contact State Tower 90, State Street Suite 700 Albany, NY – 12207 United States Telephone: +1-518-730-0559 Email: sales@mrrse.com Google+: https://plus.google.com/u/0/109558601025749677847/posts Linked in: https://www.linkedin.com/company/mrrse Twitter: https://twitter.com/MRRSEmrrse CategoriesUncategorized Tagsbase, Business, Companies, company, Geography, hospital, Industry, intelligence, major, Markets, section, service, Uncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Men’s College Basketball: NIT Semifinals and Title Game to Air on ESPN Next PostNext Global and Chinese Yeast Industry, 2017 Market Report; Launched via MarketResearchReports.com Search Recent Posts Oil Insurance Limited (OIL) dichiara un dividendo di 250 milioni di dollari e apporta piccoli cambiamenti al suo piano di rating e premi External Remote Patient Monitoring Devices Market Well Prepared To Meet Futuristic Demands Of Healthcare At Home – MarketIntelReports Oil Insurance Limited (OIL) déclare un dividende de 250 millions USD et apporte des modifications mineures à son plan de notation et de primes Intermittent Catheters Market Planning To Make The Most Of The Cost-Effectiveness Provided By Hydrophilic Coated Models – MarketIntelReports The First Group Showcases Unparalleled Opportunities in Dubai’s Booming Property Sector to Chinese Investors Business Contacts Business Directory Proudly powered by WordPress
