Skip to content Satellite Press Releases pr @ satprnews.com Merck KGaA, Darmstadt, Germany's Massachusetts-based Businesses Named 'Top Places to Work' by The Boston Globe BILLERICA, Mass., Nov. 18, 2016 /PRNewswire/ — Merck KGaA, Darmstadt, Germany today announced that its Massachusetts-based businesses have been named to The Boston Globe‘s annual “Top Places to Work” list. This award marks the second of its kind in as many months. Last month, Merck KGaA, Darmstadt, Germany, ranked number 11 among the top 20 employers in the global biopharmaceutical industry by Science magazine, a leading peer-reviewed international scientific publication.   “The recognition by The Boston Globe as a leading employer reflects our commitment to build a great science and technology company in the U.S., in one of the leading biotech and healthcare hubs in the world,” said Udit Batra, CEO of the global life science business of Merck KGaA, Darmstadt, Germany and Member of the Executive Board. “We place great importance on fostering an environment that engenders both creative collaboration and problem solving. It’s a win-win for both our employees and customers as we work together to advance science and medicine.” The Boston Globe‘s research partner, Workplace Dynamics, ranked 125 Massachusetts employers by analyzing employee responses to a confidential 24-question survey. The survey covered several topics including benefits, management and employee engagement. “The fact that we achieved this recognition based on the positive input of our employees is extremely meaningful, as we are always exploring ways to ensure our company is one where everyone can do their best work each and every day,” said Gary Zieziula, President and Managing Director, EMD Serono. “Our employees are going above and beyond to achieve our collective mission of accelerating innovation for difficult-to-treat diseases.” “We are very proud to be named as a Top Place to Work in Massachusetts, a key region for our business,” said Warren Stone, Head of Research & Applied Commercial, MilliporeSigma. “We thank the employees surveyed for showing their engagement and commitment to the acceleration of science. It shows a sincere sense of connection and pride to both the community and our customers.” Top Places to Work recognizes the best places to work in the state based on internal employee surveys. Employers who enter to be surveyed are placed into one of four groups: small, with 50 to 99 employees; midsize, with 100 to 249 workers; large, with 250 to 999; and largest, with 1,000 or more. In total, the Massachusetts-based businesses of Merck KGaA, Darmstadt, Germany employ approximately 2,300 people in Massachusetts. All Merck KGaA, Darmstadt, Germany news releases are distributed by email at the same time they become available on the EMD Group website. In case you are a resident of the U.S. or Canada please go to www.emdgroup.com/subscribe to register again for your online subscription of this service as our newly introduced geo-targeting requires new links in the email. You may later change your selection or discontinue this service. About EMD Serono, Inc. EMD Serono is the biopharma business of Merck KGaA, Darmstadt, Germany, in the U.S. and Canada – a leading science and technology company – focused exclusively on specialty care. For more than 40 years, the business has integrated cutting-edge science, innovative products and industry-leading patient support and access programs. EMD Serono has deep expertise in neurology, fertility and endocrinology, as well as a robust pipeline of potential therapies in oncology, immuno-oncology and immunology as R&D focus areas. Today, the business has 1,200 employees around the country with commercial, clinical and research operations based in the company’s home state of Massachusetts. About MilliporeSigma The life science business of Merck KGaA, Darmstadt, Germany, which operates as MilliporeSigma in the U.S. and Canada, has 19,000 employees and 65 manufacturing sites worldwide, with a portfolio of more than 300,000 products enabling scientific discovery. Udit Batra is the global chief executive officer of MilliporeSigma. Merck KGaA, Darmstadt, Germany completed its $17 billion acquisition of Sigma-Aldrich in November 2015, creating a leader in the $125 billion global life science industry. MilliporeSigma is a leading supplier in the life science industry. With products for protein research and cell biology as well as the manufacture of chemical‐based and biopharmaceutical drugs, MilliporeSigma covers the full bioprocessing value chain. Its aim is to solve the toughest problems in the industry by collaborating with the global scientific community. Merck KGaA, Darmstadt, Germany, is a leading science and technology company in healthcare, life science and performance materials. Around 50,000 employees work to further develop technologies that improve and enhance life – from biopharmaceutical therapies to treat cancer or multiple sclerosis, cutting-edge systems for scientific research and production, to liquid crystals for smartphones and LCD televisions. In 2015, Merck KGaA, Darmstadt, Germany, generated sales of € 12.85 billion in 66 countries. Founded in 1668, Merck KGaA, Darmstadt, Germany, is the world’s oldest pharmaceutical and chemical company. The founding family remains the majority owner of the publicly listed corporate group. The company holds the global rights to the “Merck” name and brand. The only exceptions are the United States and Canada, where the company operates as EMD Serono, MilliporeSigma and EMD Performance Materials. Logo – http://photos.prnewswire.com/prnh/20161117/440965LOGO   SOURCE Merck KGaA Author: Monika Donimirska Editor View all posts by Monika Donimirska Author Monika DonimirskaPosted on November 18, 2016November 18, 2016Categories Uncategorized Post navigation Previous Previous post: Startup Fashion Brand Hammers Hill Launches With Practical, Trendy One-piece Cap and Hoody Next Next post: 23rd Annual Distressed Investing Conference Program & Faculty Search for: Search Recent Posts Top Five Best Golf Balls Buyers Guide Advances Review List Released Unbiased Inbox Blueprint 2.0 Review Causes Worldwide Discussion, as Exclusive Bonus Introduced by Steve Baker Democracy, Human Rights, and Labor: Transgender Day of Remembrance Melbourne Moving Company pledges $10,000 to help domestic violence victims this December Emma Has A Dilemma, A New Children’s Book that Teaches Grammar to 4-8 Year Old Children, Hits the Online Market. Archives November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 April 2016 March 2016 February 2016 January 2016 December 2015 November 2015 October 2015 September 2015 August 2015 July 2015 June 2015 May 2015 April 2015 March 2015 February 2015 January 2015 December 2014 November 2014 October 2014 September 2014 August 2014 July 2014 June 2014 May 2014 April 2014 March 2014 February 2014 January 2014 November 2013 September 2013 June 2013 March 2013 December 2012 November 2012 October 2012 September 2012 July 2012 March 2012 February 2012 January 2012 December 2011 November 2011 October 2011 September 2011 August 2011 July 2011 April 2010 March 2010 August 2009 January 1970 Categories Satellite Space Flights Uncategorized VSAT Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Partners TS2 Space Space Flights .news Satellite Press Releases Proudly powered by WordPress
Contact Us Journalists Blog Log In Sign Up Send a Release News Solutions Resources Search News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News dansk Deutsch español Français italiano Nederlands norsk português suomeksi svenska Merck KGaA, Darmstadt, Germany's Massachusetts-based Businesses Named 'Top Places to Work' by The Boston Globe - Massachusetts teams at EMD Serono, MilliporeSigma receive recognition based on positive employee survey responses - Employees cite strong company values & ethics - Second acknowledgement of a leading employer ranking by a top publication News provided by Merck KGaA Nov 18, 2016, 08:00 ET Share this article BILLERICA, Mass., Nov. 18, 2016 /PRNewswire/ -- Merck KGaA, Darmstadt, Germany today announced that its Massachusetts-based businesses have been named to The Boston Globe's annual "Top Places to Work" list. This award marks the second of its kind in as many months. Last month, Merck KGaA, Darmstadt, Germany, ranked number 11 among the top 20 employers in the global biopharmaceutical industry by Science magazine, a leading peer-reviewed international scientific publication.   "The recognition by The Boston Globe as a leading employer reflects our commitment to build a great science and technology company in the U.S., in one of the leading biotech and healthcare hubs in the world," said Udit Batra, CEO of the global life science business of Merck KGaA, Darmstadt, Germany and Member of the Executive Board. "We place great importance on fostering an environment that engenders both creative collaboration and problem solving. It's a win-win for both our employees and customers as we work together to advance science and medicine." The Boston Globe's research partner, Workplace Dynamics, ranked 125 Massachusetts employers by analyzing employee responses to a confidential 24-question survey. The survey covered several topics including benefits, management and employee engagement. "The fact that we achieved this recognition based on the positive input of our employees is extremely meaningful, as we are always exploring ways to ensure our company is one where everyone can do their best work each and every day," said Gary Zieziula, President and Managing Director, EMD Serono. "Our employees are going above and beyond to achieve our collective mission of accelerating innovation for difficult-to-treat diseases." "We are very proud to be named as a Top Place to Work in Massachusetts, a key region for our business," said Warren Stone, Head of Research & Applied Commercial, MilliporeSigma. "We thank the employees surveyed for showing their engagement and commitment to the acceleration of science. It shows a sincere sense of connection and pride to both the community and our customers." Top Places to Work recognizes the best places to work in the state based on internal employee surveys. Employers who enter to be surveyed are placed into one of four groups: small, with 50 to 99 employees; midsize, with 100 to 249 workers; large, with 250 to 999; and largest, with 1,000 or more. In total, the Massachusetts-based businesses of Merck KGaA, Darmstadt, Germany employ approximately 2,300 people in Massachusetts. All Merck KGaA, Darmstadt, Germany news releases are distributed by email at the same time they become available on the EMD Group website. In case you are a resident of the U.S. or Canada please go to www.emdgroup.com/subscribe to register again for your online subscription of this service as our newly introduced geo-targeting requires new links in the email. You may later change your selection or discontinue this service. About EMD Serono, Inc. EMD Serono is the biopharma business of Merck KGaA, Darmstadt, Germany, in the U.S. and Canada - a leading science and technology company - focused exclusively on specialty care. For more than 40 years, the business has integrated cutting-edge science, innovative products and industry-leading patient support and access programs. EMD Serono has deep expertise in neurology, fertility and endocrinology, as well as a robust pipeline of potential therapies in oncology, immuno-oncology and immunology as R&D focus areas. Today, the business has 1,200 employees around the country with commercial, clinical and research operations based in the company's home state of Massachusetts. About MilliporeSigma The life science business of Merck KGaA, Darmstadt, Germany, which operates as MilliporeSigma in the U.S. and Canada, has 19,000 employees and 65 manufacturing sites worldwide, with a portfolio of more than 300,000 products enabling scientific discovery. Udit Batra is the global chief executive officer of MilliporeSigma. Merck KGaA, Darmstadt, Germany completed its $17 billion acquisition of Sigma-Aldrich in November 2015, creating a leader in the $125 billion global life science industry. MilliporeSigma is a leading supplier in the life science industry. With products for protein research and cell biology as well as the manufacture of chemical‐based and biopharmaceutical drugs, MilliporeSigma covers the full bioprocessing value chain. Its aim is to solve the toughest problems in the industry by collaborating with the global scientific community. Merck KGaA, Darmstadt, Germany, is a leading science and technology company in healthcare, life science and performance materials. Around 50,000 employees work to further develop technologies that improve and enhance life – from biopharmaceutical therapies to treat cancer or multiple sclerosis, cutting-edge systems for scientific research and production, to liquid crystals for smartphones and LCD televisions. In 2015, Merck KGaA, Darmstadt, Germany, generated sales of € 12.85 billion in 66 countries. Founded in 1668, Merck KGaA, Darmstadt, Germany, is the world's oldest pharmaceutical and chemical company. The founding family remains the majority owner of the publicly listed corporate group. The company holds the global rights to the "Merck" name and brand. The only exceptions are the United States and Canada, where the company operates as EMD Serono, MilliporeSigma and EMD Performance Materials. Logo - http://photos.prnewswire.com/prnh/20161117/440965LOGO   To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/merck-kgaa-darmstadt-germanys-massachusetts-based-businesses-named-top-places-to-work-by-the-boston-globe-300365767.html SOURCE Merck KGaA Sep 14, 2016, 08:00 ET Preview: Merck KGaA, Darmstadt, Germany, Joins DiViNe Consortium to Address Low Yields, High Costs of Vaccine Purification Processes My News Release contains wide tables. View fullscreen. Also from this source Sep 14, 2016, 08:00 ETMerck KGaA, Darmstadt, Germany, Joins DiViNe Consortium to... Explore More news releases in similar topics Health Care & Hospitals Medical Pharmaceuticals Pharmaceuticals Awards Surveys, Polls and Research You just read: Merck KGaA, Darmstadt, Germany's Massachusetts-based Businesses Named 'Top Places to Work' by The Boston Globe News provided by Merck KGaA Nov 18, 2016, 08:00 ET Share this article Looking to send a news release with PR Newswire? Take advantage of the world's leading distribution platform. Sign up to get started Request more information Have an account? Log In Phone 8AM - 10PM ET +1-888-776-0942 Send a Release Sign Up Blog For Journalists Contact Us Search Searching for your content... Advanced Search Contact 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Chat Online with an Expert Contact Us Solutions Cision Communication Cloud™ For Marketers For Public Relations For IR & Compliance For Agency For Small Business All Products About About PR Newswire About Cision Become a Publishing Partner Become a Channel Partner Careers   Global Sites Asia Brazil Canada Europe Finland France India Israel Mexico Middle East Netherlands Sweden United Kingdom My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Terms of Use Privacy Policy Information Security Policy Statement Site Map RSS Feeds Copyright © 2016 PR Newswire Association LLC. All Rights Reserved. A Cision company. News Solutions Resources News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News dansk Deutsch español Français italiano Nederlands norsk português suomeksi svenska Phone +1-888-776-0942 8AM - 10PM ET Chat Chat Online with an Expert All contact info Send a ReleaseLog In

Regulatory News Search Search Products & Services    News Releases Close Send a release Become a client For journalists Global sites Asia Brazil Canada Finland France India Israel Mexico Netherlands Sweden United States See more news releases in Health Care & Hospitals | Medical Equipment | Medical Pharmaceuticals | Pharmaceuticals | New Products & Services With an Extended Fertility Technologies Portfolio Merck Now Covers All IVF Steps Download image Download image Download image DARMSTADT, Germany, November 17, 2016 /PRNewswire/ -- Not intended for U.S. based media  Merck has launched its innovative witnessing tool Gidget™ and its new benchtop incubator Geri™+ to support fertility laboratories during all steps of IVF (in-vitro-fertilization)  Both technologies were developed by Merck in collaboration with Genea Biomedx   Products underline Merck's healthcare strategy to deliver innovation and improve treatment outcomes for patients  Merck, a leading science and technology company, today announced the launch of the two new innovative fertility technologies Gidget™ and Geri™+ to extend its innovative portfolio to support all steps performed by fertility laboratories during assisted reproductive treatment (ART), where technologies play a vital role for treatment success. Gidget™ is designed as an easy-to-use witnessing and tracking system to reduce the potential for error and improve lab workflows, and Geri™+ is the basis to combine the Geri™ embryo incubator and the innovative Eeva® algorithm. Both new products underline Merck's healthcare strategy to provide innovation to patients / customers through best-in-class products.      (Photo: http://photos.prnewswire.com/prnh/20161116/440269 )      (Photo: http://photos.prnewswire.com/prnh/20161116/440270 ) "As the worldwide leader in fertility treatments, Merck continues to focus on innovation, in order to enable clinics to make individualized treatment decisions with and for their patients," said Rehan Verjee, Chief Marketing and Strategy Officer at the biopharma business of Merck. "Both Gidget™ and Geri™+ increase embryologists' options to provide the best possible treatment solutions for women and couples wanting to have a baby, such as offering greater safety and assurance for IVF patients and enabling a personalized workflow management and patient tracking." Gidget™ and Geri™+ stem from the ARTinnovations development hub, which Merck formed in collaboration with Genea Biomedx Propriety Ltd., Sydney, Australia. ARTinnovations is an incubator for ideas and innovations for fertility treatment and technologies. It combines the commitment and know-how of both partners to develop ideas that can take root and grow into better outcomes for patients. Integrating bright- and dark-field imaging, the Geri™+ incubator now allows for combination with the Eeva® software and any Geri Assess version. Geri+ becomes a multifunctional incubator, which gives embryologists a multitude of possibilities around embryo analytics. It brings together the benefits of undisturbed incubation, while complying with the high control and safety standards of the GeriTM incubator and the analytics of the Eeva® software, the first automated algorithm clinically shown to improve embryo assessment.[1],[2],[3] Gidget™ is a hand-held device for the IVF laboratory that lets the embryologist focus on the science by eliminating any chance of mismatching, and includes unique tracking and workflow features. It provides electronic witnessing, lab workflow management and support for traceability and audit reporting. Both products will be available immediately in Europe and Canada, with Gidget™ also launching in the US, Japan and additional regions set to follow soon. References          1. VerMilyea MD, et al. Repromed Biomed Online. 2014; 29(6):729-736         2. Diamond MP, et al.J Assist Reprod Genet. 2015 Jan;32(1):61-8         3. Adamson GD, et al. Fertil Steril 2016; 105(2):369-375 About Gidget™ and Geri™+   Gidget™ is designed as easy-to-use hand-held device to aid sample identification and tracking during ART procedures. Gidget™ is used to scan dishes, tubes and other consumables used to maintain and process patient material to eliminate mismatching from occurring. However, Gidget™ provides further functionalities and benefits for the lab than a pure witnessing system, enabling a personalized intelligent ART assistance for clinical workflow management and patient tracking. Geri™+ is an innovative multifunctional incubator with individually controlled incubation chambers per patient and a camera to real time monitor the developing embryos, now combinable with the analytics of the Eeva® software. To give each embryo the best chance of development, Geri™+ is designed to provide undisturbed incubation environment with the highest control and safety standards. About the ARTinnovations hub  The development hub ARTinnovations is an incubator for ideas and innovations for fertility treatment and technologies. A collaboration between Genea Biomedx and Merck, ARTinnovations provides the support and know-how to develop ideas so that they take root and grow into better outcomes for patients. Building on its strong heritage in fertility treatment, Merck aims to jointly develop an innovative pipeline of fertility technologies and services through the ARTinnovations hub, to help support patients undergoing ART and provide healthcare professionals with objective information to make important treatment decisions. All Merck Press Releases are distributed by e-mail at the same time they become available on the Merck Website. Please go to http://www.merckgroup.com/subscribe to register online, change your selection or discontinue this service. About Merck  Merck is a leading science and technology company in healthcare, life science and performance materials. Around 50,000 employees work to further develop technologies that improve and enhance life - from biopharmaceutical therapies to treat cancer or multiple sclerosis, cutting-edge systems for scientific research and production, to liquid crystals for smartphones and LCD televisions. In 2015, Merck generated sales of € 12.85 billion in 66 countries. Founded in 1668, Merck is the world's oldest pharmaceutical and chemical company. The founding family remains the majority owner of the publicly listed corporate group. Merck, Darmstadt, Germany holds the global rights to the Merck name and brand. The only exceptions are the United States and Canada, where the company operates as EMD Serono, MilliporeSigma and EMD Performance Materials. Contact: Gangolf Schrimpf, +49-6151-729591      (Logo: http://photos.prnewswire.com/prnh/20160518/369530LOGO ) SOURCE Merck More by this Source Merck bietet nun für die gesamte IVF-Behandlung ein erweitertes Portfolio an Fertilitätstechnologien 17 Nov, 2016, 08:15 GMT Merck gana el R&D 100 Award por una invención superior 11 Nov, 2016, 19:19 GMT Merck remporte un prix R&D 100 pour son innovation 11 Nov, 2016, 15:55 GMT View all news by Merck Journalists and Bloggers Visit PR Newswire for Journalists for releases, photos and customised feeds just for media. View and download archived video content distributed by MultiVu on The Digital Center. Next in Health Care & Hospitals News   Get content for your website Enhance your website's or blog's content with PR Newswire's customised real-time news feeds. Start today.       Contact PR Newswire Send us an email at MarketingUK@prnewswire.co.uk or call us at +44 (0)20 7454 5382       Become a PR Newswire client Request more information about PR Newswire products & services or call us at +44 (0)20 7454 5382     Products & Services Knowledge Centre Browse News Releases Meet the Media Contact PR Newswire About PR Newswire Contact PR Newswire PR Newswire's Terms of Use Apply Privacy and Cookie Policy Site Map RSS Feeds Blog Copyright © 2016 PR Newswire Association LLC. All Rights Reserved. A Cisioncompany. Powered by Clickability.
Thailand Press Release News search General Business Entertainment IT Stcoks Lifestyle Telecom Energy Properties Automotive Heathcare Events ฝากข่าวประชาสัมพันธ์ Merck Celebrates 25th Anniversary for Social Responsibility General Press Releases Thursday November 17, 2016 11:53 Bangkok--17 Nov--Merck Throughout 25 years of Merck Ltd. has run in Thailand in driving value-adding technologies to benefit patients and customers, social responsibility; with the "CARE" concept dedicating to all stakeholders namely employees, customers, investors, and society, is embedded as a principle of every Merck employees. To celebrate the 25th anniversary,Merck and Associate Professor Dr. Nattrika Sunsue, director of VMARC and founder of Rak Tao Club, including Merck employees, club members, and participants, the rescue of 190 creatures had succeeded from one of the temples in Patumthani province on 29 October, 2016. Besides science and technology knowledge in company root, people at Merck earned experiences and practical skills in handling unwell turtles and primarily basic treatment with the help of experts as well as veterinarian. Merck Thailand created an internal activity for employees to share their 'Dreams', and one of those intended to improve environment in the society. The initiative idea had just come from the good intention showing a sympathy to abandoned turtles in the uncomfortable environments; however, it eventually inspired and became a CSR activity called Merck Charity Run: GIVE ME FIVE… running for helping turtles, organized by a group of Merck employees at Lumpini Park on 29 May, 2016. The event was sponsored by a number of partners and customers, and also gained public interests who registered for health running and doing good things. It was publicly informed with clear intention to support "Reviving Turtles to the Nature" project run by non-profit organization called Rak Tao Club and Veterinary Medical Aquatic animal Research Center (VMARC) of Faculty of Veterinary Science, Chulalongkorn University, in order to rescue and conserve those vulnerable aquatic animals that is nearly to become extinct. Rungrawee Selananda, Chief Financial Officer and Member of the Executive Board, who is the project sponsor mentioned that "As a representative of Merck Thailand, I would like to thank every stakeholder who joined in the charity run aiming at helping turtles and, reviving the nature equilibrium because your beneficiary of a good deed has been transferred to society by our Merck people's action and spirit". Taken the employee's voice into account, Merck brought about an activity that causing the harmony and congruity from internal and external parties, which achievably benefit for the animals and environment. This is one example indicating that everyone plays significant role of being part of social responsibility that could lead to sustainability in society. For more information, please see https://goo.gl/uxGtNN and https://goo.gl/qWHbLG About Merck Thailand Merck Ltd., Thailand was established in 1991 as a joint-venture between Merck KGaA and B. Grimm (Thailand), and as a further expansion of the Merck Group, a leading science and technology company in healthcare, life science and performance materials in Germany, a history that began in 1668, and a future shaped by around 50,000 employees in 66 countries. Merck Thailand, whose main activity is marketing the pharmaceuticals and chemicals products of Merck KGaA and associated companies, conducts its business in the three business sectors to further develop technologies that improve and enhance life – from biopharmaceutical therapies to treat cancer or multiple sclerosis, cutting-edge systems for scientific research and production, to liquid crystals for smartphones and LCD televisions. Latest Press Release RTG Fellowships for Thai Nationals The Asian Institute of Technology (AIT) in Thailand is offering generous academic fellowships to Thai students to pursue Master's and Doctoral degree programs at its pristine campus. It is the vision of the Royal Thai Government (RTG) to prepare the... Young Living Announces Chief Science Officer -With decades of experience in formulating major products in 140 countries, Dr. Buch's expertise has enabled Young Living to enter into a new category of product offerings- Young Living Essential Oils , the largest essential oil company in the world,... Empire State Realty Trust Celebrates The Holiday Season With Surprises For Fans And Visitors The Empire State Building Decks its Halls with Stunning Decorations and Rings in the Holiday Season with Annual Music-to-Light Show The Empire State Building today announced the details of "ESB Unwrapped" -- its annual gift to New Yorkers, tourists, and... Photo Release: OCS Group receives TFMA Dedicated 2016 Award Boonkiat Wisittigars, (far right), Total Facilities Management Director Thailand, PCS Security and Facility Services Co Ltd, a subsidiary of OCS Group from the UK, on behalf of the company, receives TFMA Dedicated 2016 Award. The award given by BMAM Expo... PERFECTLY PAIRED AUSTRALIAN WINE DINNER AT SILVER WAVES RESTAURANT, CHATRIUM HOTEL RIVERSIDE BANGKOK High above the streets of the city Silver Waves Restaurant in Chatrium Hotel Riverside Bangkok warmly invites you to sample some delectable New World wines at our Australian Wine Dinner with an exquisite selection perfectly paired with Chef's enticingly... Related Topics technologies Anniversary, Stakeholder in Thailand Throughout Investors CELEBRATE investor Thailand Customer Monday November 21, 2016 00:42 © 2007 - 2016 Tasang Limited, All Rights Reserved 0.0176s/1,049k [TH]
continue to article News All Local News Search Last 36 hours Nation + World Environment Politics Justice Polygamy Health Care Education Weather Utah's Right Elevate Empower Utah Legal Notices Sports Utah Jazz RSL Utah Utes BYU Cougars USU Aggies WSU Wildcats Preps Grizzlies Bees Outdoors Winter Sports College Monson Kragthorpe All-time BYU football stats All-time Utes football stats Blogs The Utah Effect Politics UPIN The Cricket TV Jazz Notes U of U Sports BYU Sports Prep Sports RSL Hiking Outdoors & Travel Sundance More Blogs Opinion Editorials Commentary Letters Bagley Cartoon Rolly Cannon Kirby Blog: State of the Debate Submit a Letter Faith Religion news LDS Church Faith Blog Entertainment Calendar Film-Finder Movies Restaurants Lifestyle Arts Food Music TV Sundance Shopping Puzzles & Games Comics Horoscopes Cool Stuff The Legacy of Joe Hill I Love videos Whatever Happened To... Special Reports Videos Photo Galleries Utah Bucket List Mormon Rivals Preparing to play Paul Rolly Roast Money Top Workplaces The Realty Show Home Prices Obituaries Jobs Top Employer Top Educator Top Jobs Employment News Employers Post A Job Contact Us Homes Find a Home Find a Realtor Rentals Cars Find a car Browse Dealers Fuel Stop Top Workplaces Top Workplaces Subscribe    Print New Subscription Register for e-Edition Access your e-Edition Print Registration Print Login    sltrib.com Membership Become a Supporting Member Premium Ad-Free Site Login Account Login Member FAQ Toggle navigation News All Local News Search Last 36 hours Nation + World Environment Politics Justice Polygamy Health Care Education Weather Utah's Right Elevate Empower Utah Legal Notices    SPONSORED BY: Sports Utah Jazz RSL Utah Utes BYU Cougars USU Aggies WSU Wildcats Preps Grizzlies Bees Outdoors Winter Sports College Monson Kragthorpe All-time BYU football stats All-time Utes football stats Blogs The Utah Effect Politics UPIN The Cricket TV Jazz Notes U of U Sports BYU Sports Prep Sports RSL Hiking Outdoors & Travel Sundance More Blogs Opinion Editorials Commentary Letters Bagley Cartoon Rolly Cannon Kirby Blog: State of the Debate Submit a Letter Faith Religion news LDS Church Faith Blog Entertainment Sundance Calendar Film-Finder Movies Restaurants Lifestyle Arts Food Music TV Shopping Puzzles & Games Comics Horoscopes    SPONSORED BY: Cool Stuff The Legacy of Joe Hill I Love videos Whatever Happened To... Special Reports Videos Photo Galleries Utah Bucket List Mormon Rivals Preparing to play Paul Rolly Roast Money Top Workplaces The Realty Show Home Prices Obituaries Jobs Top Employer Top Educator Top Jobs Employment News Employers Post A Job Contact Us    SPONSORED BY: Homes Find a Home Find a Realtor Rentals    SPONSORED BY: Cars Find a car Browse Dealers Fuel Stop    SPONSORED BY: Top Workplaces Subscribe    Print New Subscription Register for e-Edition Access your e-Edition Print Registration Print Login    sltrib.com Membership Become a Supporting Member Premium Ad-Free Site Login Account Login Member FAQ Home » News Salt Lake City 51 ° Traffic / Stories from last 36 hours WWW.SLTRIB.COM NOV 20, 2016 Become a Member | Ad-Free Login Home » News NOV 20, 2016  |  Salt Lake City 51 °  |  Traffic / Stories from last 36 hours Become a Member | Ad-Free Login Home » News Become a Member | Ad-Free Login Drugmaker losses pull U.S. markets lower By MARLEY JAY The Associated Press First Published Nov 18 2016 04:09PM    •    Last Updated Nov 18 2016 04:09 pm FILE - In this Oct. 7, 2016 file photo, a sign for Wall Street is carved into a building located near the New York Stock Exchange. Japanese shares rose, Friday, Nov. 18, 2016, on the yen's weakness while other Asian benchmarks wobbled after Fed chair Janet Yellen signaled that policymakers intend to raise interest rates soon. (AP Photo/Mark Lennihan) FILE - In this Oct. 7, 2016 file photo, a sign for Wall Street is carved into a building located near the New York Stock Exchange. Japanese shares rose, Friday, Nov. 18, 2016, on the yen's weakness while other Asian benchmarks wobbled after Fed chair Janet Yellen signaled that policymakers intend to raise interest rates soon. (AP Photo/Mark Lennihan) Single page Share This Article ARTICLE PHOTO GALLERY (1) NEW YORK • Major U.S. stock indexes slipped Friday as drug companies dragged the market lower. Small-company stocks bucked the downward trend and continued to climb, and bond yields rose to their highest level in a year. Drugmakers like Merck and biotech company Amgen took some of the biggest losses Friday. Weak results from Gap and Abercrombie & Fitch hurt retailers as investors kept a close eye on the upcoming holiday season. Small companies including regional banks continued to make large gains. Those stocks have risen sharply since the presidential election last week and are now at record highs. "Some of the proposals that [President-elect Donald] Trump has promoted, specifically deregulation and also some of his trade proposals, are better for small companies than potentially they are for large ones," said Katie Nixon, chief investment officer for Northern Trust. VIDEOS TOP JOBS The Dow Jones industrial average slid 35.89 points, or 0.2 percent, to 18,867.93. The Standard & Poor's 500 index lost 5.22 points, or 0.2 percent, to 2,181.90. The Nasdaq composite touched a record high early on, but turned lower and gave up 12.46 points, or 0.2 percent, to 5,321.51. That's not a big loss, but the major indexes hadn't fallen that much since before the presidential election. Still, the S&P 500 and Nasdaq finished substantially higher this week after their big gains the week before. But indexes of smaller companies, like the Russell 2000 and the S&P 600, did better. They are on 11-day winning streaks and have hit all-time highs. Among small-company stocks, mortgage lending service company LendingTree added $6.80, or 7.3 percent, to $100 and coal miner Cloud Peak Energy rose 79 cents, or 15.8 percent, to $5.79. Losses for drug companies weighed down health care stocks. Botox maker Allergan retreated $8.20, or 4.1 percent, to $191.78 and biotech giant Amgen fell $2.13, or 1.4 percent, to $145.23. Hepatitis C drugmaker Gilead Sciences shed 96 cents, or 1.3 percent, to $74.62. Drug company stocks are coming off their biggest weekly gain in two years. The stocks had been falling in the months leading up to the election because investors worried that under a Hillary Clinton presidency, the federal government would take steps to rein in drug prices. Those kinds of steps are less likely under a Trump presidency and a Republican-controlled Congress. The dollar continued to climb. It's near one-year highs against the euro and six-month highs against the yen. The dollar rose to 110.63 yen from 109.89 yen. The euro fell to $1.0599 from $1.0626. The dollar hasn't been this strong since early 2003. Nixon of Northern Trust said that's affecting big multinational companies because it can hurt their sales outside the U.S., but it's less of a problem for smaller, domestically-oriented companies. Investors continued to sell U.S. government bonds at a rapid clip, and bond prices wobbled and turned lower. The yield on the 10-year Treasury note rose to 2.34 percent from 2.30 percent. Bond prices have fallen hard since the election and yields are now at their highest in a year. Teen clothing company Abercrombie & Fitch plunged $2.33, or 13.8 percent, to $14.60 after it reported weak sales and a smaller profit than analysts had expected. Gap's said fewer people visited its stores heading into the holiday season. Its stock gave up $5.10, or 16.6 percent, to $25.61. Sporting goods Hibbett Sports retailer cut its annual forecasts after a weak third-quarter report. It dropped $4.90, or 10.8 percent, to $40.40. Shoppers are not buying as many clothes and moving toward discount chains. That trend continued as discount retailer Ross Stores rose $2.47, or 3.8 percent, to $68 after it posted a better-than-expected profit and sales. Companies that sell common household products are also moving lower. Procter & Gamble gave up $1.07, or 1.3 percent, to $82 and drugstore operator Walgreens Boots Alliance slumped 72 cents to $83.27. Those companies have fallen since the election as investors buy companies that could benefit more from faster economic growth. Benchmark U.S. crude rose 27 cents to close at $45.69 a barrel in New York, while Brent crude, which is used to price international oils, added 37 cents to $46.86 a barrel in London. Energy companies traded higher. Chevron rose $1.08, or 1 percent, to $109.20 and ConocoPhillips jumped $1.15, or 2.6 percent, to $44.76. » Next page... Single page   Share This Article ARTICLE PHOTO GALLERY VIEW PHOTO GALLERY JOIN THE DISCUSSION     Post a Comment POPULAR STORIES Exonerated Arizona man shows Utah lawmakers the human face of death row mistakes Op-ed: Should Mormons who voted for Trump get temple recommends? Kirby: My 'little factory,' my business Utah football: Stunning loss to Oregon ends Utes' South Division hopes Monson: Utah betrays itself in upset loss ELEVATE During National Alzheimer’s Disease Awareness Month the Focus is Keeping Caregivers Healthy   Life is a Peach at the SALT Awards   Salt Lake Regional Medical Center First in the U.S. to Perform Meniscus Replacement   Contests and Promotions COMMENTS POST A COMMENT      () News All Local News Search Last 36 hours Nation + World RSS Twitter Environment Politics Justice Polygamy Education Weather Utah's Right Elevate Empower Utah Cool Stuff The Legacy of Joe Hill I Love videos Whatever Happened To... Special Reports Videos Photo Galleries Utah Bucket List Mormon Rivals Preparing to play Sports All Sports Olympics TribPreps Utah Jazz Utah Utes BYU Cougars USU Aggies WSU Wildcats College RSL Grizzlies Bees Winter Sports Outdoors Gordon Monson Kurt Kragthorpe All-time BYU football stats All-time Utes football stats Money All Money Top Workplaces Home Prices Blogs All Blogs The Utah Effect Politics The Cricket TV Jazz Notes U of U Sports BYU Sports Prep Sports RSL Hiking Sundance Opinion All Opinion Editorials Commentary Letters Bagley Cartoons Rolly Cannon Kirby Submit a Letter Faith All Faith LDS Church Religion news Faith Blog Entertainment All Entertainment Calendar Film-Finder Movies Restaurants Lifestyle Arts Food Music TV Sundance Shopping Puzzles & Games Comics Horoscopes Membership Ad-Free Site Login Become a Member Account Login Member FAQ Obituaries Search Obituaries Place an Obituary Marketplace Search Cars Search Homes Search Jobs Search Marketplace Legal Notices Other Services Advertise With Us Subscribe to the Newspaper Access your e-Edition Frequently Asked Questions Contact a newsroom staff member Access the Trib Archives Privacy Policy Missing your paper? Need to place your paper on vacation hold? For this and any other subscription related needs, click here or call 801.204.6100 Copyright @ 2016, The Salt Lake Tribune
null
e-Edition Obituaries Photo Gallery Magazines Scholarships Paywall Login Login to Comment Register November 20th, 2016 Menu Home News Sports Business Entertainment Classifieds Life Commentary Contact Local News Provincial News National News World News Drugmaker losses pull stocks lower; small-cap surge goes on Business Related Apps of the Week Poll Have you started Christmas shopping yet? Yes No View Results  Loading ... @MedicineHatNews Follow Us By Marley Jay, The Associated Press on November 18, 2016. 00000 NEW YORK – Major U.S. stock indexes slipped Friday as drug companies dragged the market lower. Small-company stocks bucked the downward trend and continued to climb, and bond yields rose to their highest level in a year. Drugmakers like Merck and biotech company Amgen took some of the biggest losses Friday. Weak results from Gap and Abercrombie & Fitch hurt retailers as investors kept a close eye on the upcoming holiday season. Small companies including regional banks continued to make large gains. Those stocks have risen sharply since the presidential election last week and are now at record highs. “Some of the proposals that (President-elect Donald) Trump has promoted, specifically deregulation and also some of his trade proposals, are better for small companies than potentially they are for large ones,” said Katie Nixon, chief investment officer for Northern Trust. The Dow Jones industrial average slid 35.89 points, or 0.2 per cent, to 18,867.93. The Standard & Poor’s 500 index lost 5.22 points, or 0.2 per cent, to 2,181.90. The Nasdaq composite touched a record high early on, but turned lower and gave up 12.46 points, or 0.2 per cent, to 5,321.51. That’s not a big loss, but the major indexes hadn’t fallen that much since before the presidential election. Still, the S&P 500 and Nasdaq finished substantially higher this week after their big gains the week before. But indexes of smaller companies, like the Russell 2000 and the S&P 600, did better. They are on 11-day winning streaks and have hit all-time highs. Among small-company stocks, mortgage lending service company LendingTree added $6.80, or 7.3 per cent, to $100 and coal miner Cloud Peak Energy rose 79 cents, or 15.8 per cent, to $5.79. Losses for drug companies weighed down health care stocks. Botox maker Allergan retreated $8.20, or 4.1 per cent, to $191.78 and biotech giant Amgen fell $2.13, or 1.4 per cent, to $145.23. Hepatitis C drugmaker Gilead Sciences shed 96 cents, or 1.3 per cent, to $74.62. Drug company stocks are coming off their biggest weekly gain in two years. The stocks had been falling in the months leading up to the election because investors worried that under a Hillary Clinton presidency, the federal government would take steps to rein in drug prices. Those kinds of steps are less likely under a Trump presidency and a Republican-controlled Congress. The dollar continued to climb. It’s near one-year highs against the euro and six-month highs against the yen. The dollar rose to 110.63 yen from 109.89 yen. The euro fell to $1.0599 from $1.0626. The dollar hasn’t been this strong since early 2003. Nixon of Northern Trust said that’s affecting big multinational companies because it can hurt their sales outside the U.S., but it’s less of a problem for smaller, domestically-oriented companies. Investors continued to sell U.S. government bonds at a rapid clip, and bond prices wobbled and turned lower. The yield on the 10-year Treasury note rose to 2.34 per cent from 2.30 per cent. Bond prices have fallen hard since the election and yields are now at their highest in a year. Teen clothing company Abercrombie & Fitch plunged $2.33, or 13.8 per cent, to $14.60 after it reported weak sales and a smaller profit than analysts had expected. Gap’s said fewer people visited its stores heading into the holiday season. Its stock gave up $5.10, or 16.6 per cent, to $25.61. Sporting goods Hibbett Sports retailer cut its annual forecasts after a weak third-quarter report. It dropped $4.90, or 10.8 per cent, to $40.40. Shoppers are not buying as many clothes and moving toward discount chains. That trend continued as discount retailer Ross Stores rose $2.47, or 3.8 per cent, to $68 after it posted a better-than-expected profit and sales. Companies that sell common household products are also moving lower. Procter & Gamble gave up $1.07, or 1.3 per cent, to $82 and drugstore operator Walgreens Boots Alliance slumped 72 cents to $83.27. Those companies have fallen since the election as investors buy companies that could benefit more from faster economic growth. Benchmark U.S. crude rose 27 cents to close at $45.69 a barrel in New York, while Brent crude, which is used to price international oils, added 37 cents to $46.86 a barrel in London. Energy companies traded higher. Chevron rose $1.08, or 1 per cent, to $109.20 and ConocoPhillips jumped $1.15, or 2.6 per cent, to $44.76. Gold fell $8.20 to $1,208.70 an ounce. Silver lost 15 cents to $16.62 an ounce. Copper dipped 2 cents to $2.47 a pound. In other energy trading, wholesale gasoline stayed at $1.34 a gallon. Heating oil picked up 1 cent to $1.46 a gallon. Natural gas climbed 14 cents, or 5.2 per cent, to $2.84 per 1,000 cubic feet. France’s CAC 40 fell 0.5 per cent and the FTSE 100 in Britain dipped 0.3 per cent. The German DAX lost 0.2 per cent. Japan’s benchmark Nikkei 225 index added 0.6 per cent as the yen hit a six-month low, helping shares of the country’s big exporters. South Korea’s Kospi shed 0.3 per cent and Hong Kong’s Hang Seng rose 0.4 per cent. ____ AP Markets Writer Marley Jay can be reached at http://twitter.com/MarleyJayAP His work can be found at http://bigstory.ap.org/journalist/marley-jay 00000 Leave a Reply Click here to cancel reply. You must be logged in to post a comment. More ways to get to us Twitter Facebook Instagram YouTube Tumblr ePaper Login Subscribe Archive About Us The Medicine Hat News Other Publications Contact Careers Contact the Medicine Hat News 3257 Dunmore Rd SE Medicine Hat, AB T1B 3R2 [P] 403.527.1101 [F] 403.528.5696 Contact Careers Print Advertising: 403.528.5659 National Advertising: 403.528.5766 Online Advertising: 403.528.5698 Classifieds: 403.526.7653 © 1996-2016 The Medicine Hat News, A Division of Continental Newspapers Canada Ltd. Advertising Terms and Conditions & Privacy policy
Investing Trading Strategies0 Triple Your Money If There's a "Trump Dump" Trading Strategies1 How to Invest After the Election Election0 The One Chart You Need to See Before the Market Opens Today Stocks0 The Only Investment Decision You Should Make Ahead of the Election Global Markets0 Duterte in Japan: A $1 Trillion Opportunity That the U.S. Lost in Translation Technology1 If You Think Tesla Scares Detroit, Wait 'till You See This Get the Latest Trading Insight with Keith Fitz-Gerald Total Wealth Research Subscribe to this free eLetter! High Velocity Profits Private service. Not a member? The Money Map Report Private service. Not a member? Learn more about Keith Fitz-Gerald Keith Fitz-Gerald close Trading Trading Strategies0 How Hedge Funds Bet the Election, What They'll Do Next, and How You Can Profit Stocks0 Our "Post-Trump" Play Is Leading the Markets Now Economic Data5 The First Thing Trump Should Do for the Economy Trading Strategies0 Two Trades to Prepare for the "Day After" Election0 Smart Money Bets Ahead of a "Dangerous" Election Trading Strategies0 A Simple, Powerful Strategy to Beat the Hedge Funds at Their Own Game Get the Latest Trading Insight with Shah Gilani Wall Street Insights & Indictments Subscribe to this free eLetter! Captial Wave Forecast Private service. Not a member? Short-Side Fortunes Private service. Not a member? Learn more about Shah Gilani Shah Gilani close Credit Markets Washington0 If I Were Trump's Advisor, Here's What I'd Tell Him Election1 How to Profit No Matter Who Wins Today Dow Jones1 The S&P 500 Hit My Year-End Target 11 Months Early, So Here's My New Forecast Stocks0 We're in a Market Gridlock, but I See One Tiny Reason for Optimism Stocks0 The Untradeables: These Stocks Are Too Terrible to Buy, Hold, or Even Short Market Crash0 Stocks Are Selling Off – but Not for the Reason You Think Get the Latest Markets Insight with Michael Lewitt Sure Money Investor Subscribe to this free eLetter! Learn more about Michael Lewitt Michael Lewitt close Options Stocks0 Three Quick and Easy Profit Plays to Make Right Now Options1 The Latest Samsung Scandal Could Mean Triple-Digit Profits for Your Portfolio Options0 The Best Way to Play Earnings Ahead of the Election Trading Strategies0 The Only Two Tools You Need to Make an Easy Fortune in the Markets Economic Data0 Why Bearish Traders Should Look Good Next Year Bitcoin1 The Truth About the "Secret" Currency That Could Replace the U.S. Dollar Get the Latest Options Insight with Tom Gentile Power Profit Trades Subscribe to this free eLetter! Money Calendar Alert Private service. Not a member? Learn more about Tom Gentile Tom Gentile close Technology Technology0 Move Fast – Because This “Singularity” Tech Is Traveling at 760 MPH Stocks1 This Fortune 1000 Firm Has Bet Big on Pot – and so Should You Technology0 Tuesday's Defense Mandate Is a Huge "Before the Crowd" Profit Opportunity Technology3 How to Profit from the Next Generation of Defense Tech Technology0 The Real Winner in the AT&T Merger Is Beating the Market by Nearly Threefold in 2016 Technology0 How to Avoid Being Collateral Damage During the Next Cyberattack Get the Latest Technology Insight with Michael Robinson Strategic Tech Investor Subscribe to this free eLetter! Nova-X Report Private service. Not a member? Radical Technology Profits Private service. Not a member? Learn more about Michael Robinson Michael Robinson close Energy Energy0 The One Energy Sector Trump Could Change the Most – and No, It's Not Coal Energy0 What President Trump Means for Your Energy Investments Energy1 Russia's Real Achilles' Heel: The Best Way to Cripple the Kremlin Election0 The Only Post-Election U.S. Energy Solution Oil0 OPEC Has Never Done This Before Energy4 Two Kinds of Companies Will Profit from Argentina's Move Get the Latest Oil & Energy Insight with Dr. Kent Moors Oil & Energy Investor Subscribe to this free eLetter! Energy Advantage Private service. Not a member? Energy Inner Circle Private service. Not a member? Learn more about Dr. Moors Dr. Kent Moors close LoginMy Member Benefitsarchivesresearchyour teamabout usFAQLog out Share This Article Facebook LinkedIn Twitter Google+ Reddit Print Email Pinterest Delicious StumbleUpon Gmail Yahoo Tumblr Digg Private Briefing with WILLIAM PATALON III, Executive Editor Four More Reasons the "$13 Billion Gold Market Anomaly" Will Give You a Tenfold Return In yesterday’s Private Briefing, we gave you the first half of our report on the “$13 Billion Gold Market Anomaly.” In it, we explained what that anomaly is shared with you the one stock that will allow you to play it. Full Story This is premium content for paid-up Private Briefing subscribers only. How would you like to put an extra $125,000 in your nest egg? You can potentially do it this year - and you'll only have to risk $20 to learn how. Click here. Our FlagshipMoney Morning Michael A. Robinson'sStrategic Tech Investor Shah Gilani'sWall Street Insights & Indictments Access YourProfit Alerts Keith Fitz-Gerald'sTotal Wealth Dr. Kent Moors'Oil & Energy Investor Tom Gentile'sPower Profit Trades Michael Lewitt's Sure Money Research ServicesMoney Map Press Archives Research Your Team About Us FAQ Videos Login to My Account Visit Money Map Press Forget your password? Not a member? Investing Trading Strategies0 Triple Your Money If There's a "Trump Dump" Trading Strategies1 How to Invest After the Election Election0 The One Chart You Need to See Before the Market Opens Today Stocks0 The Only Investment Decision You Should Make Ahead of the Election Global Markets0 Duterte in Japan: A $1 Trillion Opportunity That the U.S. Lost in Translation Technology1 If You Think Tesla Scares Detroit, Wait 'till You See This Get the Latest Trading Insight with Keith Fitz-Gerald Total Wealth Research Subscribe to this free eLetter! High Velocity Profits Private service. Not a member? The Money Map Report Private service. Not a member? Learn more about Keith Fitz-Gerald Keith Fitz-Gerald close Trading Trading Strategies0 How Hedge Funds Bet the Election, What They'll Do Next, and How You Can Profit Stocks0 Our "Post-Trump" Play Is Leading the Markets Now Economic Data5 The First Thing Trump Should Do for the Economy Trading Strategies0 Two Trades to Prepare for the "Day After" Election0 Smart Money Bets Ahead of a "Dangerous" Election Trading Strategies0 A Simple, Powerful Strategy to Beat the Hedge Funds at Their Own Game Get the Latest Trading Insight with Shah Gilani Wall Street Insights & Indictments Subscribe to this free eLetter! Captial Wave Forecast Private service. Not a member? Short-Side Fortunes Private service. Not a member? Learn more about Shah Gilani Shah Gilani close Credit Markets Washington0 If I Were Trump's Advisor, Here's What I'd Tell Him Election1 How to Profit No Matter Who Wins Today Dow Jones1 The S&P 500 Hit My Year-End Target 11 Months Early, So Here's My New Forecast Stocks0 We're in a Market Gridlock, but I See One Tiny Reason for Optimism Stocks0 The Untradeables: These Stocks Are Too Terrible to Buy, Hold, or Even Short Market Crash0 Stocks Are Selling Off – but Not for the Reason You Think Get the Latest Markets Insight with Michael Lewitt Sure Money Investor Subscribe to this free eLetter! Learn more about Michael Lewitt Michael Lewitt close Options Stocks0 Three Quick and Easy Profit Plays to Make Right Now Options1 The Latest Samsung Scandal Could Mean Triple-Digit Profits for Your Portfolio Options0 The Best Way to Play Earnings Ahead of the Election Trading Strategies0 The Only Two Tools You Need to Make an Easy Fortune in the Markets Economic Data0 Why Bearish Traders Should Look Good Next Year Bitcoin1 The Truth About the "Secret" Currency That Could Replace the U.S. Dollar Get the Latest Options Insight with Tom Gentile Power Profit Trades Subscribe to this free eLetter! Money Calendar Alert Private service. Not a member? Learn more about Tom Gentile Tom Gentile close Technology Technology0 Move Fast – Because This “Singularity” Tech Is Traveling at 760 MPH Stocks1 This Fortune 1000 Firm Has Bet Big on Pot – and so Should You Technology0 Tuesday's Defense Mandate Is a Huge "Before the Crowd" Profit Opportunity Technology3 How to Profit from the Next Generation of Defense Tech Technology0 The Real Winner in the AT&T Merger Is Beating the Market by Nearly Threefold in 2016 Technology0 How to Avoid Being Collateral Damage During the Next Cyberattack Get the Latest Technology Insight with Michael Robinson Strategic Tech Investor Subscribe to this free eLetter! Nova-X Report Private service. Not a member? Radical Technology Profits Private service. Not a member? Learn more about Michael Robinson Michael Robinson close Energy Energy0 The One Energy Sector Trump Could Change the Most – and No, It's Not Coal Energy0 What President Trump Means for Your Energy Investments Energy1 Russia's Real Achilles' Heel: The Best Way to Cripple the Kremlin Election0 The Only Post-Election U.S. Energy Solution Oil0 OPEC Has Never Done This Before Energy4 Two Kinds of Companies Will Profit from Argentina's Move Get the Latest Oil & Energy Insight with Dr. Kent Moors Oil & Energy Investor Subscribe to this free eLetter! Energy Advantage Private service. Not a member? Energy Inner Circle Private service. Not a member? Learn more about Dr. Moors Dr. Kent Moors close HOME Email this Article Send with mail | ahoo instead. To: Required Needs to be a valid email From: Required Needs to be a valid email Subject: Will Healthcare Stocks Rise Under Trump? Message: URL: http://mney.co/2go5CVi eight  ×   =  64 Required Please enter the correct value. Share Email this Article Send with mail | ahoo instead. To: Required Needs to be a valid email From: Required Needs to be a valid email Subject: Will Healthcare Stocks Rise Under Trump? Message: URL: http://mney.co/2go5CVi 3  +   =  eleven Required Please enter the correct value. get daily headlines subscribe now! today's private briefing Twitter Stocksno responses Will Healthcare Stocks Rise Under Trump? By David Zeiler, Associate Editor, Money Morning • @DavidGZeiler • November 18, 2016 Start the conversation Leave a Reply Click here to cancel reply. Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Name * Email * Website two  ×  8  =  Comment Some HTML is OK Sign me up for the Money Morning newsletter Will healthcare stocks rise under Donald Trump? With Trump in the White House and Republican majorities in both houses of Congress, an overhaul of Obamacare is a given – and what results will change the trajectory of most healthcare stocks. Trump often spoke critically of Obamacare, promising to "repeal and replace" it if he won – as have most Republican legislators. But what we'll end up with next year is very much unclear. Of the three classes of healthcare stocks, the insurers reflected this uncertainty the most the day after the election. Aetna Inc. (NYSE: AET) was up almost 5%, while UnitedHealth Group Inc. (NYSE: UNH) fell a bit under 1%, and Molina Healthcare Inc. (NYSE: MOH) plunged almost 16%. Hospitals got hit hard across the board, on the other hand. That's because they've been clear winners from Obamacare, benefiting from the reduction in uninsured patients showing up at their emergency rooms for treatment they are legally required to provide for free. Fear that expense could return if Obamacare is repealed hammered hospital stocks on Nov. 9. HCA Holdings Inc. (NYSE: HCA) fell almost 11%. Universal Health Services Inc. (NYSE: UHS) slipped nearly 7%. And Tenet Healthcare Corp. (NYSE: THC) plummeted almost 25%. But one group of healthcare stocks had the opposite reaction… These Healthcare Stocks Cheered Trump's Election Win Pharma stocks shot up in the wake of Donald Trump's victory. Eli Lilly and Co. (NYSE: LLY) and Merck & Co. (NYSE: MRK) both rose about 6%, while Pfizer Inc. (NYSE: PFE) jumped 7%. But unlike the other healthcare stocks, these biotech stocks were not reacting so much to the fate of Obamacare. Their rise was a relief rally fed as much by the defeat of Hillary Clinton as it was Trump's win. "Most biotech and pharma companies might be sighing a sigh of relief because Mrs. Clinton looked like she might do something drastic on drug pricing," Clive Meanwell, chief executive officer of Medicines Co., told Bloomberg on Nov. 9. During her campaign, Clinton had sharply criticized the 5,455% price hike of the cancer drug Daraprim by Turing Pharmaceuticals last year, as well as Mylan NV's (Nasdaq: MYL) 548% increase in the price of its EpiPen allergy treatment. While Trump mentioned drug prices in his speeches, it wasn't a focus. Don't Miss: How to Make a Killing… When Everyone Else Is Panicking But now the shock of Trump's election is wearing off. And the promises made in the heat of the campaign will prove much harder to put into practice. In fact, the healthcare ground in Washington is already starting to shift… Why Trump Can't Gut Obamacare in 2017 While some liberal pundits have lamented the imminent demise of Obamacare in the week since Trump's victory, they're getting ahead of themselves. While health insurance and hospital stocks would indeed get crushed if all the provisions of Obamacare were repealed, that's an extremely unlikely scenario. Here's why. Trump has already begun to walk back his promises of a wholesale dumping of the ACA in an interview with the CBS News program "60 Minutes." He told reporter Lesley Stahl that he wanted to keep one provision that requires insurers to accept customers with pre-existing conditions and another that allows young adults to remain on their parents' insurance plan until age 26. Trump also said he would not leave people without insurance coverage, suggesting a new healthcare plan would replace a repeal of the ACA "simultaneously." Related: Will Donald Trump Put Medicaid on the Chopping Block in 2017? Trump's change of heart stems partly from a recognition of reality. The Obamacare law has been in force for six years now, so changing its provisions won't be easy. Plus, Trump and the GOP would be hard-pressed to take away health coverage from some 20 million Americans. And, unfortunately, many of the things Republicans have said they would like to remove happen to be mechanisms that pay for that coverage. Here's what Trump's presidency will mean for healthcare stocks in 2017… The Outlook for Healthcare Stocks in 2017 Join the conversation. Click here to jump to comments… (0) COMMENTS (0) FACEBOOK COMMENTS TAGS Tags: healthcare stocks Leave a Reply Click here to cancel reply. Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Name * Email * Website 9  ×  6  =  Comment Some HTML is OK Sign me up for the Money Morning newsletter Private Briefing with WILLIAM PATALON III, Executive Editor TODAY'S INSIGHT Four More Reasons the "$13 Billion Gold Market Anomaly" Will Give You a Tenfold Return Forget your password? Not a member? Expert Content Articles By Keith Fitz-Gerald Trading StrategiesTriple Your Money If There's a "Trump Dump" Trading Strategies1How to Invest After the Election ElectionThe One Chart You Need to See Before the Market Opens Today TechnologyMove Fast – Because This “Singularity” Tech Is Traveling at 760 MPH Stocks1This Fortune 1000 Firm Has Bet Big on Pot – and so Should You TechnologyTuesday's Defense Mandate Is a Huge "Before the Crowd" Profit Opportunity Trading StrategiesHow Hedge Funds Bet the Election, What They'll Do Next, and How You Can Profit StocksOur "Post-Trump" Play Is Leading the Markets Now Economic Data5The First Thing Trump Should Do for the Economy EnergyThe One Energy Sector Trump Could Change the Most – and No, It's Not Coal EnergyWhat President Trump Means for Your Energy Investments Energy1Russia's Real Achilles' Heel: The Best Way to Cripple the Kremlin Trading StrategiesYou Won't Believe How Profitable the Next Four Years Could Be Stocks1This Long-View Play Will Make You (and Your Grandchildren) Rich The Fed2What Every Investor Needs to Know Between Now and 2017 Latest News November 20, 2016 By Diane Alter Leave a Comment Why the Best Pot Stocks Are Soaring Now November 20, 2016 By D.R. Barton, Jr. Leave a Comment I'm Calling It – The Bond Market Bull Is Over November 18, 2016 By Peter Krauth Leave a Comment Where the Price of Gold Is Headed Now Related Content Why the Best Pot Stocks Are Soaring Now Why Cisco Deserves a C- This Quarter What You Need to Know About the "Trump" Stock Market One of the Best Tech Stocks to Buy in This Future $8.3 Trillion Market Trending Posts 5744 Reads 19 Likes Where the Price of Gold Is Headed Now The price of gold has been falling in the wake of the election, thanks to numerous economic indicators. But we see gold climbing higher from here. 5483 Reads 843 Likes 5 Marijuana Stocks to Watch in 2017 Our marijuana stocks to watch in 2017 list includes five stocks to keep an eye on. Here’s everything you need to know about these stocks and the booming industry. Today's Markets DJIA -35.89 (0.19%) 18,867.93 NASDAQ -12.46 (0.23%) 5,321.51 S&P -5.22 (0.24%) 2,181.90 AET -1.32 (-1.05%) 124.88 UNH -1.32 (0.88%) 149.45 HCA -2.27 (-3.04%) 72.39 PFE 0.25 (0.79%) 31.48 MRK 0.83 (-1.32%) 61.87 ABOUT MONEY MORNING Money Morning gives you access to a team of ten market experts with more than 250 years of combined investing experience – for free. Our experts – who have appeared on FOXBusiness, CNBC, NPR, and BloombergTV – deliver daily investing tips and stock picks, provide analysis with actions to take, and answer your biggest market questions. Our goal is to help our millions of e-newsletter subscribers and Moneymorning.com visitors become smarter, more confident investors. QUICK LINKS About Us How Money Morning Works FAQs Contact Us Search Article Archive Forgot Username/Password Login to Private Briefing FREE NEWSLETTERS Strategic Tech Investor Oil & Energy Investor Total Wealth Research Wall Street Insights & Indictments Power Profit Trades Sure Money Investor PREMIUM SERVICES Money Map Press Home Money Map Report Energy Advantage Nova-X Report Private BriefingEnergy Inner Circle High Velocity Profits Biotech Insider Alert Capital Wave Forecast Radical Technology Profits Stealth Profits Trader Short-Side Fortunes The Delta Factor Money Calendar Alert Weekly Cash Clock Zenith Trading Circle Get In Touch Like Our Page Follow Us © 2016 Money Morning All Rights Reserved. Protected by copyright of the United States and international treaties. Any reproduction, copying, or redistribution (electronic or otherwise, including the world wide web), of content from this webpage, in whole or in part, is strictly prohibited without the express written permission of Money Morning. Address: 16 W. Madison St. Baltimore, MD, 21201 | Phone: 888.384.8339 I Disclaimer | Sitemap | Privacy Policy | Whitelist Us YOUR PROFIT ALERTS Enjoy our new, free service that helps you make more money! When it comes to successfully profiting from the markets, timing is everything. Getting “in” before a stock makes its decisive move is a key part of growing your wealth and achieving financial freedom. Now Money Morning Profit Alerts lets you do just that... Get ahead of top profit opportunities by picking your areas of interest from the list below. You’ll get all our new money-making research in that area as soon as we release each update. It’s easy and free and you can add to your Profit Alert preferences at any time. Remember to hit “Save” to get started after you’ve picked your alerts.
null
Shopping Jobs Driving Remembering Celebrating Newspapers TV Networks National Post The Province (Vancouver) Vancouver Sun Edmonton Journal Calgary Herald Regina Leader-Post Saskatoon StarPhoenix Windsor Star Ottawa Citizen Montreal Gazette Don't Miss: Happening Now Video Centre Live chats Blogs on canada.com canada.com on Facebook Oddities News Happening Now Local National World Oddities Photo Galleries Weather Business Money Markets Mortgages Sports Hockey NHL Video Highlights Football-CFL Football-NFL Baseball Basketball Winter Sports Golf Racing Soccer Tennis MMA Entertainment Celebrity Music Movies Television Books TV Listings Lifestyle Fashion & Beauty Food Parenting Relationships Astrology Health Diet & Fitness Sexual Health Seniors Family & Child Men Women Travel Destinations Technology Gaming Internet Tech-Biz Space Personal Tech         Drugmaker losses pull stocks lower; small-cap surge goes on     By Marley Jay, The Associated Press November 18, 2016     Story Photos ( 1 )     FILE - In this Oct. 7, 2016 file photo, a sign for Wall Street is carved into a building located near the New York Stock Exchange. Japanese shares rose, Friday, Nov. 18, 2016, on the yen's weakness while other Asian benchmarks wobbled after Fed chair Janet Yellen signaled that policymakers intend to raise interest rates soon. (AP Photo/Mark Lennihan) NEW YORK, N.Y. - Major U.S. stock indexes slipped Friday as drug companies dragged the market lower. Small-company stocks bucked the downward trend and continued to climb, and bond yields rose to their highest level in a year. Drugmakers like Merck and biotech company Amgen took some of the biggest losses Friday. Weak results from Gap and Abercrombie & Fitch hurt retailers as investors kept a close eye on the upcoming holiday season. Small companies including regional banks continued to make large gains. Those stocks have risen sharply since the presidential election last week and are now at record highs. "Some of the proposals that (President-elect Donald) Trump has promoted, specifically deregulation and also some of his trade proposals, are better for small companies than potentially they are for large ones," said Katie Nixon, chief investment officer for Northern Trust. The Dow Jones industrial average slid 35.89 points, or 0.2 per cent, to 18,867.93. The Standard & Poor's 500 index lost 5.22 points, or 0.2 per cent, to 2,181.90. The Nasdaq composite touched a record high early on, but turned lower and gave up 12.46 points, or 0.2 per cent, to 5,321.51. That's not a big loss, but the major indexes hadn't fallen that much since before the presidential election. Still, the S&P 500 and Nasdaq finished substantially higher this week after their big gains the week before. But indexes of smaller companies, like the Russell 2000 and the S&P 600, did better. They are on 11-day winning streaks and have hit all-time highs. Among small-company stocks, mortgage lending service company LendingTree added $6.80, or 7.3 per cent, to $100 and coal miner Cloud Peak Energy rose 79 cents, or 15.8 per cent, to $5.79. Losses for drug companies weighed down health care stocks. Botox maker Allergan retreated $8.20, or 4.1 per cent, to $191.78 and biotech giant Amgen fell $2.13, or 1.4 per cent, to $145.23. Hepatitis C drugmaker Gilead Sciences shed 96 cents, or 1.3 per cent, to $74.62. Drug company stocks are coming off their biggest weekly gain in two years. The stocks had been falling in the months leading up to the election because investors worried that under a Hillary Clinton presidency, the federal government would take steps to rein in drug prices. Those kinds of steps are less likely under a Trump presidency and a Republican-controlled Congress. The dollar continued to climb. It's near one-year highs against the euro and six-month highs against the yen. The dollar rose to 110.63 yen from 109.89 yen. The euro fell to $1.0599 from $1.0626. The dollar hasn't been this strong since early 2003. Nixon of Northern Trust said that's affecting big multinational companies because it can hurt their sales outside the U.S., but it's less of a problem for smaller, domestically-oriented companies. Investors continued to sell U.S. government bonds at a rapid clip, and bond prices wobbled and turned lower. The yield on the 10-year Treasury note rose to 2.34 per cent from 2.30 per cent. Bond prices have fallen hard since the election and yields are now at their highest in a year. Teen clothing company Abercrombie & Fitch plunged $2.33, or 13.8 per cent, to $14.60 after it reported weak sales and a smaller profit than analysts had expected. Gap's said fewer people visited its stores heading into the holiday season. Its stock gave up $5.10, or 16.6 per cent, to $25.61. Sporting goods Hibbett Sports retailer cut its annual forecasts after a weak third-quarter report. It dropped $4.90, or 10.8 per cent, to $40.40. Shoppers are not buying as many clothes and moving toward discount chains. That trend continued as discount retailer Ross Stores rose $2.47, or 3.8 per cent, to $68 after it posted a better-than-expected profit and sales. Companies that sell common household products are also moving lower. Procter & Gamble gave up $1.07, or 1.3 per cent, to $82 and drugstore operator Walgreens Boots Alliance slumped 72 cents to $83.27. Those companies have fallen since the election as investors buy companies that could benefit more from faster economic growth. Benchmark U.S. crude rose 27 cents to close at $45.69 a barrel in New York, while Brent crude, which is used to price international oils, added 37 cents to $46.86 a barrel in London. Energy companies traded higher. Chevron rose $1.08, or 1 per cent, to $109.20 and ConocoPhillips jumped $1.15, or 2.6 per cent, to $44.76. Gold fell $8.20 to $1,208.70 an ounce. Silver lost 15 cents to $16.62 an ounce. Copper dipped 2 cents to $2.47 a pound. In other energy trading, wholesale gasoline stayed at $1.34 a gallon. Heating oil picked up 1 cent to $1.46 a gallon. Natural gas climbed 14 cents, or 5.2 per cent, to $2.84 per 1,000 cubic feet. France's CAC 40 fell 0.5 per cent and the FTSE 100 in Britain dipped 0.3 per cent. The German DAX lost 0.2 per cent. Japan's benchmark Nikkei 225 index added 0.6 per cent as the yen hit a six-month low, helping shares of the country's big exporters. South Korea's Kospi shed 0.3 per cent and Hong Kong's Hang Seng rose 0.4 per cent. ____ AP Markets Writer Marley Jay can be reached at http://twitter.com/MarleyJayAP His work can be found at http://bigstory.ap.org/journalist/marley-jay       E-mail this Article Print this Article Share this Article           Story Tools   E-mail this Article Print this Article Share this Article   Font: * * * * *   Image: * * * *       FILE - In this Oct. 7, 2016 file photo, a sign for Wall Street is carved into a building located near the New York Stock Exchange. Japanese shares rose, Friday, Nov. 18, 2016, on the yen's weakness while other Asian benchmarks wobbled after Fed chair Janet Yellen signaled that policymakers intend to raise interest rates soon. (AP Photo/Mark Lennihan)       E-mail this Gallery Print this Gallery Share this Gallery         Photo Galleries »   Leonard Cohen Photos: Leonard Cohen honoured... Leonard Cohen is honoured at the Glenn Gould Prize... more »   Gallery: Italian cruise ship disaster... Passengers leapt into the sea and fought over lifejackets... more »   Photos: Deadly winds hit U.K. One man dies as winds of over 160kph hit Britain and... more » Video: Winds batter Britain Toronto issues 'extreme' cold alert as mercury to drop to -16C   Gallery: Republican candidates... Republican presidential candidates race across Iowa... more »     More Photo Galleries »     Related Topics   business The Canadian Press 2016         Business Videos         Most Popular canada.com E-mailed Shared     Sponsored By           FP Business Wire »   FP Business Wire   CHTF2016 Gathers 23 Countries Along “One Belt, One Road” United Way Provides Community Funding for Maximum Impact Wrangler®, George Strait Concert Live Stream Generates More Than 14 Million Impressions           News Business Sports Entertainment Lifestyle Health Travel Technology Don't Miss: Happening Now Video Centre Live chats Blogs on canada.com canada.com on Facebook Most Popular Formats Sitemap / RSS Contests Blogs Photo Galleries Videos Canada.com About Us Contact Us Advertise with Us FAQs Tools Canada.com Search for a Job Buy / Sell a Car Infomart Place a Classified Ad Newsletters and Alerts My Account Flyercity.ca About canada.com | Privacy Statement | Terms | Copyright & Permissions © 2010-2016 Postmedia Network Inc. All rights reserved. Unauthorized distribution, transmission or republication strictly prohibited.
e-Edition Obituaries Photo Gallery Magazines Scholarships Paywall Login Login to Comment Register November 20th, 2016 Menu Home News Sports Business Entertainment Classifieds Life Commentary Contact Local News Provincial News National News World News US stocks slip as drugmakers pull health care companies down Business Related Apps of the Week Poll Have you started Christmas shopping yet? Yes No View Results  Loading ... @MedicineHatNews Follow Us By Marley Jay, The Associated Press on November 18, 2016. 00000 NEW YORK – U.S. stocks are slipping Friday as investors take a pause following some huge moves since last week’s presidential election. Drugmakers and other health care companies are taking the largest losses. Retailers Gap and Abercrombie & Fitch are dropping after they gave weak quarterly reports, while discount retailer Ross Stores is climbing. KEEPING SCORE: The Dow Jones industrial average slid 37 points, or 0.2 per cent, to 18,867 as of 12:25 p.m. Eastern time. The Standard & Poor’s 500 index lost 5 points, or 0.2 per cent, to 2,181. The Nasdaq composite touched a record high, but turned lower and gave up 13 points, or 0.2 per cent, to 5,321. The losses weren’t large, but they represented the biggest decline for stocks since Nov. 3. At that time, the market was enduring a nine-day slide. QUEASY FEELING: Losses for drug companies weighed down health care stocks. Botox maker Allergan retreated $3.92, or 2 per cent, to $196.07 and biotech giant Amgen fell $2.30, or 1.6 per cent, to $145.06. Hepatitis C drugmaker Gilead Sciences shed $1.29, or 1.7 per cent, to $74.29 and Merck lost 73 cents, or 1.2 per cent, to $61.97. HOME GOODS GO BAD: Companies that sell common household products are also moving lower. Procter & Gamble gave up $1.04, or 1.3 per cent, to $82.03 and drugstore operator Walgreens Boots Alliance slumped 98 cents, or 1.2 per cent, to $83.01. Those companies tend to pay hefty dividends, and those are less appealing to investors in times of higher inflation. FUN IN THE SUN: Investors approved the combination of electric car maker Tesla Motors and solar power company SolarCity. The deal, first proposed by Tesla CEO Elon Musk in June, has gotten a chilly reception on Wall Street. Analysts wondered why Tesla would want to take on SolarCity while it’s building a big battery factory in Nevada and also preparing to launch its first mass-market car, the Model 3, due out at the end of 2017. Shares of both companies dropped in the ensuing months. Tesla slumped $1.55 to $187.11 and SolarCity rose 19 cents to $20.59. RETAIL: Teen clothing company Abercrombie & Fitch fell $2.42, or 14.3 per cent, to $14.51 after it reported weak sales and a smaller profit than analysts had expected. Gap’s said fewer people visited its stores heading into the holiday season. Its stock gave up $4.93, or 16.1 per cent, to $25.78. Sporting goods Hibbett Sports retailer cut its annual forecasts after a weak third-quarter report. It dropped $5.40, or 11.9 per cent, to $39.90. Shoppers are not buying as many clothes and moving toward discount chains. That trend continued as discount retailer Ross Stores rose $2.89, or 4.4 per cent, to $68.42 after it posted a better-than-expected profit and sales. DOLLAR SEEING GREEN: Already at its highest mark since early 2003, the dollar continued to climb. It’s around annual highs against the euro and six-month highs against the yen. The dollar rose to 110.51 yen from 109.89 yen. The euro fell to $1.0592 from $1.0626. BONDS: Investors continued to sell U.S. government bonds at a rapid clip, and bond prices wobbled and turned lower. The yield on the 10-year Treasury note rose to 2.33 per cent from 2.30 per cent. Bond prices have fallen hard since the election and yields are now at their highest in a year. OUT IN FORCE: Customer management software maker Salesforce.com jumped after a solid quarterly report and strong guidance. Its stock picked up $2.49, or 3.3 per cent, to $77.68. A MARVEL: Chipmaker Marvell Technology disclosed much stronger sales than analysts expected and gave a surprising forecast for the current quarter. Its stock gained $1.19, or 8.9 per cent, to $14.55. ENERGY: Benchmark U.S. crude gave up 30 cents at $45.12 a barrel in New York, while Brent crude, which is used to price international oils, slid 25 cents to $46.24 a barrel in London. OVERSEAS: France’s CAC 40 fell 0.5 per cent and the FTSE 100 in Britain dipped 0.3 per cent. The German DAX lost 0.2 per cent. Japan’s benchmark Nikkei 225 index added 0.6 per cent as the yen hit a six-month low, helping shares of the country’s big exporters. South Korea’s Kospi shed 0.3 per cent and Hong Kong’s Hang Seng rose 0.4 per cent. ____ AP Markets Writer Marley Jay can be reached at http://twitter.com/MarleyJayAP His work can be found at http://bigstory.ap.org/journalist/marley-jay 00000 Leave a Reply Click here to cancel reply. You must be logged in to post a comment. More ways to get to us Twitter Facebook Instagram YouTube Tumblr ePaper Login Subscribe Archive About Us The Medicine Hat News Other Publications Contact Careers Contact the Medicine Hat News 3257 Dunmore Rd SE Medicine Hat, AB T1B 3R2 [P] 403.527.1101 [F] 403.528.5696 Contact Careers Print Advertising: 403.528.5659 National Advertising: 403.528.5766 Online Advertising: 403.528.5698 Classifieds: 403.526.7653 © 1996-2016 The Medicine Hat News, A Division of Continental Newspapers Canada Ltd. Advertising Terms and Conditions & Privacy policy
Home Markets Companies Opinion Politics Technology Specials PF Portfolio My Page Gallery Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Punditry Editorial Comment Columnists Have Your Say Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Breakingviews Lunch Poll North East West South Election News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Photo Gallery Video Gallery Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Punditry Editorial Comment Columnists Have Your Say Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Breakingviews Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page Gallery Photo Gallery Video Gallery Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Punditry Editorial Comment Columnists Have Your Say Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Breakingviews Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page Gallery Photo Gallery Video Gallery Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Punditry Editorial Comment Columnists Have Your Say Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Breakingviews Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page Gallery Photo Gallery Video Gallery BS APPS iPad iPhone Android Wap BS PRODUCTS Smart Investor BS Hindi BS Motoring BS Books Today's Paper Economy & Industry BS SPECIALS B2B Connect Power & Energy SME BS E-Paper Hi, Change Password Subscribe Sign out Change Password Manage My Account Sign out SIGN IN Subscribe             Company Science & Technology News Stock Quote Authors  News    Stock Quote    Authors You are here: Home » Companies » Industry Bharat Forge acquires US-based Walker Forge Tennessee for $14 mn Ratan Tata should step down for crisis to abate: 6 suggestions from NYU's Damodaran Business Standard No Indian Pharma company in world Access to Medicine Index GSK, J&J, Novartis, Merck are among top 20 firms working towards making available essential drugs in low- and middle-income countries Veena Mani  |  New Delhi  November 19, 2016 Last Updated at 01:52 IST email this article Message: Recipients' Email: Type address separated by commas Your Email: Enter the characters shown in the image. Send me a copy:   http://mybs.in/2TJEc5e Copy tiny URL to save and share articles. ALSO READ Cipla, Wockhardt join global initiative on tackling drug resistant infections AstraZeneca Pharma falls on receiving termination notice for Meronem New Sanofi vaccine facility starts commercial production SC setback for pharma majors A recent study undertaken by the Netherlands-based Access to Medicine Foundation, funded by the Bill & Melinda Gates Foundation, UK government and the Dutch Ministry of Foreign Affairs, has revealed that not even a single Indian pharmaceutical company features in the list of top 20 companies that have attempted at making medicines affordable for those in low and middle income countries. The Access to Medicine Index lists the top-20 companies in the world on the basis of working towards making available essential drugs in low- and middle-income countries. This report is revealed at a time when India is reworking the structure and nature of the National Pharmaceutical Pricing Authority (NPPA), which is supposed to ensure price parity with Indian conditions, and ironically the campaign for affordable medicines to all in India is in full swing. The list is topped by UK-headquartered GlaxoSmithkline. Johnson and Johnson, Novartis, Merck, Sanofi, Astrazeneca, Novo Nordisk, Pfizer Inc, Japanese drug maker Daiichi Sankyo are others who have featured in the top-20 list. The index focuses on 22 diseases, with major on malaria, HIV/AIDS, tuberculosis and viral hepatitis. Some of the parameters used by the report are pricing, R&D, capacity building, actual performance vs. intent and innovation. GlaxoSmithKline (GSK) has bagged the first position this year. "GSK is developing the most R&D projects that target high-priority product gaps with low commercial incentive. It tops the index for considering affordability when setting prices, and comes a close second in the access-enabling management of IP. It is a leading performer in addressing needs when it builds capacity, especially in pharmacovigilance and R&D", the report observes. The report observes that GSK leads, with equitable pricing for more than 60 products. Further Sales in emerging markets account for approximately 25 per cent of their total sales. GSK holds a 77.4 per cent stake in ViiV Healthcare, a joint venture with Pfizer and Shionogi focused on the research, development, and commercialization of HIV/AIDS medicines. In 2014, the company acquired Novartis' vaccine business, and divested its marketed oncology portfolio to Novartis in return. As part of the deal, the two companies created a new consumer healthcare business, with GSK retaining majority control. Further, the Access to Medicines report 2014 has noted that six companies account for about three quarters of the 151 high-priority, low-incentive research projects being undertaken. These include GSK, Abbvie, Johnson and Johnson, Sanofi, Novartis, Merck KGaA. The study emphasizes that pricing is one of the factors that ensures availability of medicines to all. Alarmingly, the extent of equitable pricing hovers around a third of the 850 products on the market for high-burden diseases. Further, only 5 per cent, or about 44 products, are covered by need-based pricing involving strategies that set different prices for different population segments within a country. The study has measured how companies have been willing to share patents or non-exclusive voluntary licensing. "Companies generally remain conservative in their positions on the Doha Declaration on the TRIPS agreement and public health", observes the report. The TRIPS agreement was administered by the World Trade organisation to ensure that there are minimum standards for many forms of intellectual property regulation. Exceptions to these, argues the report are AstraZeneca, GSK and Merck KGaA. Finally, among the suggetions the report is of the belief that companies should manage their IP rights responsibly so that there is no limit to the availability of essential medicines. Read More On Pharma Industry | Glaxosmithkline. Johnson And Johnson | Novartis | Merck | Sanofi | Astrazeneca | Novo Nordisk | Pfizer | Daiichi Sankyo | Bill & Melinda Gates Foundation | Access To Medicine Index | Nppa | Malaria | Hiv/aids | Tuberculosis | Oncology PREVIOUS STORY NEXT STORY RECOMMENDED FOR YOU Advertisements Punto Evo - With Cash Benefits upto ? 60,000. Know More. T&C Buy New Age Health Insurance with Added Benefits New to the stock market? Take your FirstStep Fiat Linea - 125PS Power &TouchScreen Navigation System.T&C. Intelligent Retail of the Future Enjoy Free Stock Trading with Upstox Learn the Art of Investing through Sharekhan Super Saver Health Insurance for Whole Family Open Free Demat A/c with low brokerage fee Yet to open a Sharekhan Account? No Indian Pharma company in world Access to Medicine Index GSK, J&J, Novartis, Merck are among top 20 firms working towards making available essential drugs in low- and middle-income countries GSK, J&J, Novartis, Merck are among top 20 firms working towards making available essential drugs in low- and middle-income countries A recent study undertaken by the Netherlands-based Access to Medicine Foundation, funded by the Bill & Melinda Gates Foundation, UK government and the Dutch Ministry of Foreign Affairs, has revealed that not even a single Indian pharmaceutical company features in the list of top 20 companies that have attempted at making medicines affordable for those in low and middle income countries. The Access to Medicine Index lists the top-20 companies in the world on the basis of working towards making available essential drugs in low- and middle-income countries. This report is revealed at a time when India is reworking the structure and nature of the National Pharmaceutical Pricing Authority (NPPA), which is supposed to ensure price parity with Indian conditions, and ironically the campaign for affordable medicines to all in India is in full swing. The list is topped by UK-headquartered GlaxoSmithkline. Johnson and Johnson, Novartis, Merck, Sanofi, Astrazeneca, Novo Nordisk, Pfizer Inc, Japanese drug maker Daiichi Sankyo are others who have featured in the top-20 list. The index focuses on 22 diseases, with major on malaria, HIV/AIDS, tuberculosis and viral hepatitis. Some of the parameters used by the report are pricing, R&D, capacity building, actual performance vs. intent and innovation. GlaxoSmithKline (GSK) has bagged the first position this year. "GSK is developing the most R&D projects that target high-priority product gaps with low commercial incentive. It tops the index for considering affordability when setting prices, and comes a close second in the access-enabling management of IP. It is a leading performer in addressing needs when it builds capacity, especially in pharmacovigilance and R&D", the report observes. The report observes that GSK leads, with equitable pricing for more than 60 products. Further Sales in emerging markets account for approximately 25 per cent of their total sales. GSK holds a 77.4 per cent stake in ViiV Healthcare, a joint venture with Pfizer and Shionogi focused on the research, development, and commercialization of HIV/AIDS medicines. In 2014, the company acquired Novartis' vaccine business, and divested its marketed oncology portfolio to Novartis in return. As part of the deal, the two companies created a new consumer healthcare business, with GSK retaining majority control. Further, the Access to Medicines report 2014 has noted that six companies account for about three quarters of the 151 high-priority, low-incentive research projects being undertaken. These include GSK, Abbvie, Johnson and Johnson, Sanofi, Novartis, Merck KGaA. The study emphasizes that pricing is one of the factors that ensures availability of medicines to all. Alarmingly, the extent of equitable pricing hovers around a third of the 850 products on the market for high-burden diseases. Further, only 5 per cent, or about 44 products, are covered by need-based pricing involving strategies that set different prices for different population segments within a country. The study has measured how companies have been willing to share patents or non-exclusive voluntary licensing. "Companies generally remain conservative in their positions on the Doha Declaration on the TRIPS agreement and public health", observes the report. The TRIPS agreement was administered by the World Trade organisation to ensure that there are minimum standards for many forms of intellectual property regulation. Exceptions to these, argues the report are AstraZeneca, GSK and Merck KGaA. Finally, among the suggetions the report is of the belief that companies should manage their IP rights responsibly so that there is no limit to the availability of essential medicines. Veena Mani Business Standard http://bsmedia.business-standard.com/_media/bs/wap/images/bs_logo_amp.png 177 22 No Indian Pharma company in world Access to Medicine Index GSK, J&J, Novartis, Merck are among top 20 firms working towards making available essential drugs in low- and middle-income countries A recent study undertaken by the Netherlands-based Access to Medicine Foundation, funded by the Bill & Melinda Gates Foundation, UK government and the Dutch Ministry of Foreign Affairs, has revealed that not even a single Indian pharmaceutical company features in the list of top 20 companies that have attempted at making medicines affordable for those in low and middle income countries. The Access to Medicine Index lists the top-20 companies in the world on the basis of working towards making available essential drugs in low- and middle-income countries. This report is revealed at a time when India is reworking the structure and nature of the National Pharmaceutical Pricing Authority (NPPA), which is supposed to ensure price parity with Indian conditions, and ironically the campaign for affordable medicines to all in India is in full swing. The list is topped by UK-headquartered GlaxoSmithkline. Johnson and Johnson, Novartis, Merck, Sanofi, Astrazeneca, Novo Nordisk, Pfizer Inc, Japanese drug maker Daiichi Sankyo are others who have featured in the top-20 list. The index focuses on 22 diseases, with major on malaria, HIV/AIDS, tuberculosis and viral hepatitis. Some of the parameters used by the report are pricing, R&D, capacity building, actual performance vs. intent and innovation. GlaxoSmithKline (GSK) has bagged the first position this year. "GSK is developing the most R&D projects that target high-priority product gaps with low commercial incentive. It tops the index for considering affordability when setting prices, and comes a close second in the access-enabling management of IP. It is a leading performer in addressing needs when it builds capacity, especially in pharmacovigilance and R&D", the report observes. The report observes that GSK leads, with equitable pricing for more than 60 products. Further Sales in emerging markets account for approximately 25 per cent of their total sales. GSK holds a 77.4 per cent stake in ViiV Healthcare, a joint venture with Pfizer and Shionogi focused on the research, development, and commercialization of HIV/AIDS medicines. In 2014, the company acquired Novartis' vaccine business, and divested its marketed oncology portfolio to Novartis in return. As part of the deal, the two companies created a new consumer healthcare business, with GSK retaining majority control. Further, the Access to Medicines report 2014 has noted that six companies account for about three quarters of the 151 high-priority, low-incentive research projects being undertaken. These include GSK, Abbvie, Johnson and Johnson, Sanofi, Novartis, Merck KGaA. The study emphasizes that pricing is one of the factors that ensures availability of medicines to all. Alarmingly, the extent of equitable pricing hovers around a third of the 850 products on the market for high-burden diseases. Further, only 5 per cent, or about 44 products, are covered by need-based pricing involving strategies that set different prices for different population segments within a country. The study has measured how companies have been willing to share patents or non-exclusive voluntary licensing. "Companies generally remain conservative in their positions on the Doha Declaration on the TRIPS agreement and public health", observes the report. The TRIPS agreement was administered by the World Trade organisation to ensure that there are minimum standards for many forms of intellectual property regulation. Exceptions to these, argues the report are AstraZeneca, GSK and Merck KGaA. Finally, among the suggetions the report is of the belief that companies should manage their IP rights responsibly so that there is no limit to the availability of essential medicines. Veena Mani Business Standard http://bsmedia.business-standard.com/_media/bs/wap/images/bs_logo_amp.png 177 22 MORE ON MARKETS: Quick Links Stock Market Live Portfolio Commodity Market Upcoming IPO Personal Finance Stock Market News Derivatives Mutual Funds Gold Price Sensex Browse STOCK Companies A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 Browse Mutual Funds A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z Index Stocks ACC Adani Ports Ambuja Cem. Asian Paints Aurobindo Pharma Axis Bank B H E L B P C L Bajaj Auto Bank of Baroda Bharti Airtel Bharti Infra. Bosch Cipla Coal India Dr Reddy's Labs Eicher Motors GAIL (India) Grasim Inds H D F C HCL Technologies HDFC Bank Hero Motocorp Hind. Unilever Hindalco Inds. ICICI Bank Idea Cellular IndusInd Bank Infosys ITC Kotak Mah. Bank Larsen & Toubro Lupin M & M Maruri Suzuki NTPC O N G C Power Grid Corpn Reliance Inds. St Bk of India Sun Pharma. Inds. Tata Motors Tata Motors-DVR Tata Power Co. Tata Steel TCS Tech Mahindra UltraTech Cement Ltd Wipro Yes Bank Zee Entertainment Copyrights © 2015 Business Standard Private Ltd. All rights reserved. From BS Website Home Companies Markets Opinion Politics Technology Specials Personal Finance Budget Latest News Today's Paper RBI Policy General News General Videos General Photo Gallery Events Authors About us About Us Code of Conduct Terms & Conditions Disclaimer Investor Communication Support & Contact Partner with Us Careers Advertise with Us Contact Us Feedback Browser Support Sitemap Subscribe E-Paper BS Magazines Portfolio Tracker BS Products Smart Investor BS Hindi BS Motoring BS Books B2B Connect iPhone iPad android wap BS Banking Round Table 2016 BS Fund Cafe 2016 Elections 2016 Assam Elections Kerala Elections Tamil Nadu Elections West Bengal Elections Connect with BS Facebook Google+ Linkedin Twitter Youtube RSS Upgrade To Premium Services Welcome User Business Standard is happy to inform you of the launch of "Business Standard Premium Services" As a premium subscriber you get an across device unfettered access to a range of services which include: Access Exclusive content - articles, features & opinion pieces Weekly Industry/Genre specific newsletters - Choose multiple industries/genres Access to 17 plus years of content archives Set Stock price alerts for your portfolio and watch list and get them delivered to your e-mail box End of day news alerts on 5 companies (via email) NEW: Get seamless access to WSJ.com at a great price. No additional sign-up required.   Premium Services In Partnership with   Dear Guest,   Welcome to the premium services of Business Standard brought to you courtesy FIS. Kindly visit the Manage my subscription page to discover the benefits of this programme. Enjoy Reading! Team Business Standard  
null
Warning: mysql_connect() [function.mysql-connect]: Too many connections in /home/ewire/public_html/includes/db_conn.php on line 10 Warning: mysql_select_db(): supplied argument is not a valid MySQL-Link resource in /home/ewire/public_html/includes/db_conn.php on line 11 Warning: mysql_query() [function.mysql-query]: Access denied for user 'nobody'@'localhost' (using password: NO) in /home/ewire/public_html/incAll.php on line 9 Warning: mysql_query() [function.mysql-query]: A link to the server could not be established in /home/ewire/public_html/incAll.php on line 9 Warning: mysql_num_rows(): supplied argument is not a valid MySQL result resource in /home/ewire/public_html/incAll.php on line 10 Warning: session_start() [function.session-start]: Cannot send session cookie - headers already sent by (output started at /home/ewire/public_html/includes/db_conn.php:10) in /home/ewire/public_html/incAll.php on line 14 Warning: session_start() [function.session-start]: Cannot send session cache limiter - headers already sent (output started at /home/ewire/public_html/includes/db_conn.php:10) in /home/ewire/public_html/incAll.php on line 14 Warning: mysql_query() [function.mysql-query]: Access denied for user 'nobody'@'localhost' (using password: NO) in /home/ewire/public_html/incAll.php on line 80 Warning: mysql_query() [function.mysql-query]: A link to the server could not be established in /home/ewire/public_html/incAll.php on line 80 Warning: mysql_num_rows(): supplied argument is not a valid MySQL result resource in /home/ewire/public_html/incAll.php on line 81 Warning: mysql_query(): supplied argument is not a valid MySQL-Link resource in /home/ewire/public_html/friendly.php on line 6 Warning: mysql_fetch_assoc(): supplied argument is not a valid MySQL result resource in /home/ewire/public_html/friendly.php on line 7 Warning: mysql_query(): supplied argument is not a valid MySQL-Link resource in /home/ewire/public_html/pr.php on line 10 Warning: mysql_num_rows(): supplied argument is not a valid MySQL result resource in /home/ewire/public_html/pr.php on line 11 Warning: mysql_query(): supplied argument is not a valid MySQL-Link resource in /home/ewire/public_html/pr.php on line 63 Warning: mysql_fetch_array(): supplied argument is not a valid MySQL result resource in /home/ewire/public_html/pr.php on line 64 About Us Contact Us Help user name password Client login:    First time user sign up Forgot your login info? Website Directory     Submit Website Search All categories Warning: mysql_query() [function.mysql-query]: Access denied for user 'nobody'@'localhost' (using password: NO) in /home/ewire/public_html/tracker/tracking.php on line 8 Warning: mysql_query() [function.mysql-query]: A link to the server could not be established in /home/ewire/public_html/tracker/tracking.php on line 8 Access denied for user 'nobody'@'localhost' (using password: NO)
Home Lifestyle Astro Guide Culture Faith Fashion Food Health Young Life Community News Global South Asia Local National Columnists Health Legal Video Photo Gallery Events Community Events Contact Contact form Subscribe Submit News and Pictures Classifieds – Main Browse Ads Edit Classified Book Classified Advertise The Houston Super Bowl Host Committee unveils “WOW” Factor Experience Asian Chamber’s Annual Meeting: Progressive Network Luncheon Consul General hosts Diwali reception for Mayor Turner Virtuosi of Performing Arts raises money for the Lilli Curry Memorial Fund Home » Columnists » Health » Cancer to kill 5.5 mn women a year by 2030: report Cancer to kill 5.5 mn women a year by 2030: report by Mariëtte Le Roux Cancer will kill 5.5 million women — about the population of Denmark — per year by 2030, a near 60-percent increase in less than two decades, a report said Tuesday. As the global population grows and ages, the highest toll will be among women in poor and middle-income countries, it said, and much of it from cancers which are largely preventable. “Most of the deaths occur in young- and middle-aged adults,”, placing a heavy burden on families and national economies, said Sally Cowal, senior vice president of global health at the American Cancer Society, which compiled the report with pharmaceutical company Merck. The review “highlights the large geographic inequality in availability of resources and preventive measures and treatment to combat the growing burden of cancer,” she told AFP. Cancer is already killing one in seven women around the world, said the report — the second highest cause of death after cardiovascular disease. All four of the deadliest cancers — breast, colorectal, lung and cervical cancer — are mostly preventable or can be detected early, when treatment is more successful. In poorer countries, a much smaller proportion of cancer cases are diagnosed and treated than in rich ones, while a much bigger group dies. The relative burden is growing for developing countries as people live longer due to better basic healthcare. Women in these countries are also increasingly exposed to known cancer risk factors “associated with rapid economic transition,” said Cowal, “such as physical inactivity, unhealthy diet, obesity, and reproductive factors” such as postponing motherhood. “Due to these changes, cancers that were once common only in high-income countries are becoming more prevalent,” said the report entitled “The Global Burden of Cancer in Women.” It was presented Tuesday at the World Cancer Congress in Paris. According to the International Agency for Research on Cancer, there were 6.7 million new cancer cases and 3.5 million deaths among women worldwide in 2012. Of these, 56 percent of cases and 64 percent of deaths were in less developed countries. “These numbers are expected to increase to 9.9 million cases and 5.5 million deaths among females annually by 2030 as a result of the growth and ageing of the population,” said the new report. – Regional differences – The biggest concentration is in eastern Asia, with 1.7 million cases and a million deaths in 2012, mainly in China. The report said the highest ratio of cancer cases per population group are still reported in high-income countries in Europe, the Americas and Asia, but this was partly due to better access to screening and detection. Deaths, however, were proportionally much higher in low- and middle-income countries with reduced access to diagnosis and treatment. The countries with the highest death rate were Zimbabwe, Malawi, Kenya, Mongolia and Papua New Guinea. Breast and lung cancer are the two most common types in both rich and poor nations, with colorectal cancer the number three killer in developed countries, and cervical cancer in less developed ones. Cervical cancer can be staved off by vaccination against the cancer-causing Human papillomavirus (HPV), and can be easily detected through regular Papanicolaou (pap) test screens. “Breast cancer is the most commonly diagnosed cancer among women in 140 countries worldwide and cervical cancer is the most common in 39 countries, all of which are LMICs (low- and medium-income countries),” said the report. It said the global economic burden of cancer for both genders was about $286 billion (261 billion euros) in 2009, including costs for treatment and care, and loss of workforce productivity. American Cancer Society cancer human papillomavirus International Agency for Research on Cancer Papanicolaou The Global Burden of Cancer in Women More news Being overweight linked to eight more kinds of cancer » 25 August, 2016 // Lifestyle Very hot drinks ‘probably’ cause cancer: UN agency » 23 June, 2016 // Health The Healing Power of Onions – Part I » 16 June, 2016 // Health Colon Cancer Awareness Month: » 25 February, 2016 // Health Leave a Reply Cancel reply Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Name * Email * Website Comment Latest News and Stories The Houston Super Bowl Host Committee unveils “WOW” Factor Experience Asian Chamber’s Annual Meeting: Progressive Network Luncheon Consul General hosts Diwali reception for Mayor Turner Easy DIY Kids thanksgiving crafts ideas Archives November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 April 2016 March 2016 February 2016 January 2016 December 2015 November 2015 October 2015 June 2015 December 2012 October 2012 September 2012 August 2012 June 2012 May 2012 February 2002 January 2002 © All right reserved - Voice of Asia Online by Grenix

Latest News Dow 18,868 -35.89 -0.19% Nasdaq 5,322 -12.46 -0.23% S&P 500 2,182 -5.22 -0.24% 12:05 P.M. ET Trump challenge: Get businesses to invest again 12:00 P.M. ET 5 big real-estate trends to watch in 2017 11:53 A.M. ET Updated Charlie Munger and Donald Trump agree in these 3 ways 11:50 A.M. ET Opinion Why Black Friday sales are not for the truly frugal 11:30 A.M. ET Updated Why the gap between minority and white college graduates is growing 10:55 A.M. ET Updated Will Santa Claus save the stock market’s ‘Trump rally’? 10:55 A.M. ET Updated This $4,000 robot could end your days of shoveling snow 9:54 A.M. ET Bannon: With negative interest rates around world, ‘rebuild everything’ 9:00 A.M. ET 5 big real-estate trends to watch in 2017 8:56 A.M. ET Tim Ryan to challenge Nancy Pelosi for House minority leader 7:47 A.M. ET Updated Here’s an Apple supplier whose stock may soar in 2017 7:47 A.M. ET Updated Warren Buffett loves four airline stocks, but Wall Street prefers this one 7:47 A.M. ET Updated Beleaguered bank and biotech stocks may soar as political ‘pendulum’ swings to growth 7:47 A.M. ET Updated Weekend roundup: The Trump effect by industry | Body implants to improve your senses | How to refuse holiday guests 7:46 A.M. ET Updated Bank stocks could record big gains in the months ahead if Donald Trump gets his way 5:00 A.M. ET 'League of Legends': Tencent's Game Gains 11/19 Updated How I became a cyborg and joined an underground medical movement 11/19 Updated ‘Fantastic Beasts’ will likely do more for Time Warner than bring in impressive box office 11/19 Updated Ross Stores’ ‘treasure hunt experience’ is its best weapon against Amazon 11/19 Updated Salesforce has overcome ‘speed bump,’ analysts say Log In Home News Viewer Video SectorWatch Podcasts First Take Games Portfolio My MarketWatch News Viewer Markets U.S. Europe/Middle East Emerging Markets Asia Canada SectorWatch Columns Market Snapshot Movers & Shakers The Tell Currencies Futures Movers Pre-Market News Tools Earnings Wall Markets Overview IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar Currency Tools Futures Contracts Market Screener Hulbert Interactive Investing Stocks Mutual Funds ETFs Options Bonds Commodities Currencies Futures Hedge Funds/Insider Trades Getting Started MarketWatch Adviser Columns Options Trader Revolution Investing Tools Stock Screener Funds Finder ETF Screener Options Screener IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar More... Trading Deck . Personal Finance 10 Things Big Spender Real Estate Spending & Saving Taxes Columns The Moneyologist Brett Arends Bill Bischoff Amy Hoak Chuck Jaffe Jennifer Openshaw Jennifer Waters Tools Funds Finder Today's Rates Retirement RetireMentors Encore Taxes Retire Here, Not There How-to Guides Social Security Estate Planning Events Columns Robert Powell's Retirement Portfolio Andrea Coombes's Working Retirement Tools Retirement Planner How long will my money last? Economy Federal Reserve Capitol Report Economic Report Columns Darrell Delamaide Irwin Kellner Rex Nutting Tools Economic Calendar Real Estate Location Scouts realtor.com My MarketWatch Watchlist Alerts Games Log In Home Investing Stocks Opinion: 10 biotech companies ripe for a buyout, courtesy of Donald Trump By Michael Brush Published: Nov 17, 2016 9:28 a.m. ET Share ‘Stay long,’ says one analyst, as the industry gets newfound support from government Getty Images “We should see an explosion of deal activity” in biotech, says Jefferies analyst Steven DeSanctis. By MichaelBrush Columnist The Republican sweep of Washington has generated a ton of enthusiasm for biotech stocks. They’re up 10% to 15% since the elections. As a result, biotech analysts’ phones are ringing off the hook again after a depressingly bleak October. “I feel like a rejuvenated man,” says RBC Capital Markets biotech analyst Michael Yee. “Once again, people are coming back to talk about biotech. We are back in gear.” But can the Donald Trump biotech rally really last? In short, yes. Republican control of the White House and both branches of Congress brings such a fundamental shift for the sector that more gains inevitably lie ahead, with the normal volatility that always comes with biotech stocks, of course. “My sense is stay long,” says Yee. “Stay the course. The path of least resistance is higher.” Here are seven reasons why. Reason 1: The government drug-price-control threat is gone for now With Bernie Sanders and Hillary Clinton relegated to the sidelines, the days when they could shave billions in market value off the group with a single tweet against “high” drug prices are over. Also, California rejected a key initiative, Proposition 61, that would have benchmarked the state’s drug prices to those that the U.S. Department of Veterans Affairs gets, essentially the lowest prices in the U.S. “If the most liberal state in the country voted against Prop 61, a model for what extreme government drug-pricing controls could look like, it certainly seems to us like Bernie Sanders’ pipe dream isn’t going to materialize,” says Baird biotech analyst Brian Skorney. He thinks the biggest beneficiaries of this shift will be companies with unique products that face minimal competition, but were hit the most by concerns about price controls. He cites Vertex Pharmaceuticals VRTX, -1.93% Sarepta Therapeutics SRPT, +0.03% BioMarin Pharmaceutical BMRN, -1.92% Celgene CELG, -0.09% and Alexion Pharmaceuticals ALXN, -2.54% To be sure, state pushback on drug pricing is not over. A measure similar to Proposition 61 is on the ballot in Ohio next year. But so far, only Vermont has passed a law pushing back on drug prices. In contrast, Prop 61-like legislation has failed in five states, points out Jefferies analyst Brian Abrahams. Reason 2: An “explosion” of mid-cap biotech buyouts is on the way “For a year and a half, people have recognized that the big pharmaceutical companies need to replenish their pipelines,” says Brad Loncar, of Loncar Investments, which specializes in biotech companies, particularly those looking for cancer cures. The toxic political environment and uncertainly about drug-price controls have probably held them back. Now those threats are diminished. And another huge mergers-and-acquisitions catalyst lies around the corner: Trump wants to change tax laws to make it easier for U.S. companies to repatriate foreign earnings stashed abroad. Jefferies analyst Steven DeSanctis estimates that $112 billion could flow back to U.S.-based pharma and biotech companies like Johnson & Johnson JNJ, -0.35% Pfizer PFE, -0.79% and Merck MRK, -1.32% as a result. The upshot is that any of them could engage in “large-scale” M&A in 2017. “We should see an explosion of deal activity,” says DeSanctis. “With Trump being more business-friendly, we feel that deal activity will persist for a long time.” Companies don’t actually have to wait for the money to arrive to arrange deals, as long as they see that tax-law changes are in the works to clear the way. “We believe these companies only need to have visibility into tax reform to begin to execute, as low-interest debt could be raised in the near term and paid down once the new legislation is passed,” says Skorney. Jay Silverman, who writes the Medical Technology Stock Letter, expects at least one deal before year-end. But that could be a modest estimate. The reason: November and December are historically the two biggest months for biotech M&A, says Jefferies’ Abrahams. Who will get bought out? No one really knows. But here are some educated guesses from the experts. * Yee, at RBC Capital Markets, puts Biogen BIIB, -0.72% Incyte INCY, -1.82% and BioMarin high on his list of potential buyout candidates. * Skorney, at Baird, cites Neurocrine Biosciences NBIX, -2.41% Axovant Sciences AXON, -2.33% Sarepta, BioMarin and Tesaro TSRO, -1.60% from his coverage universe. * Silverman, at the Medical Technology Stock Letter, cites Ionis Pharmaceuticals IONS, -2.76% Incyte and The Medicines Co. MDCO, -0.05% from among the names his publication covers. From my stock newsletter, Brush Up on Stocks, and my own personal holdings, I’ll cite Acadia Pharmaceuticals ACAD, +1.48% which has been frequently rumored as a buyout candidate in the press. Reason 3: The glass is half full again For too long, biotech investors have been damned if their companies do, and damned if they don’t. In other words, they got hammered if their companies’ drug candidates disappointed in study results. But biotech has been so widely hated, there were few buyers to reward companies for positive results. Biotech investing was a lose-lose. But now, with a lot of the political rhetoric against biotech companies off the table because Trump pushed Sanders and Clinton to the sidelines, biotech stocks can react to fundamentals again, points out Yee. “There is more positive risk-reward on clinical events,” he says. “Now fundamentals matter. It’s a glass-half-full market.” Positive clinical results can come from any company at any moment. Biomarin, Incyte and AstraZeneca AZN, -0.84% all have potentially good news coming out over the next several months, for example. But the big one everyone is watching is Eli Lilly LLY, -1.34% Between now and year-end, Lilly is expected to announce results in its studies on the use of a drug called solanezumab against Alzheimer’s disease. There’s no cure for this disease. So this could be a big catalyst for the group. Reason 4: Market-moving conferences are around the bend Market-moving study results also pop out at industry conferences. A few key meetings lie just around the corner. The American Society of Hematology (ASH) meeting will take place in early December. That will be followed by the San Antonio Breast Cancer Symposium. Then there’s the Super Bowl of biotech, the J.P. Morgan 35th Annual Healthcare Conference 2017, in early January. Reason 5: Food & Drug Administration reform may help Trump has promised FDA reform “to put greater focus on the need of patients for new and innovative medical products.” It’s not entirely clear what he has in mind. But most likely this means less-stringent standards for drug approval. If this goes through, it could be a positive for biotech companies, though the timing is uncertain. Reason 6: A medical-device tax repeal is likely The Affordable Care Act (ACA), or Obamacare, imposed a 2.3% tax on medical-device manufacturers. That tax is now likely to be repealed next year, says Cowen analyst Eric Assaraf. This would benefit medical-device makers like Medtronic MDT, -1.06% Baxter International BAX, -0.25% Abbott Laboratories ABT, -1.36% and Johnson & Johnson. Hillary Clinton tells supporters to 'never, ever give up'(1:22) Reason 7: Mutual fund managers play catch-up in biotech Biotech was so despised for so much of 2016, thanks to Clinton’s and Sanders’ rhetoric against drug prices, that many fund managers were underweight. So they got burned badly by the recent biotech rally. That means they are more likely to underperform indices and benchmarks, which contain a lot of biotech. So now they have to play catch-up. “There’s a real sense that investors were completely caught offside with the election,” says Yee at RBC. “People have to start scurrying to get back on side. Generalists are still trying to figure it all out. That’s going to drive a lot of money to biotech.” In short, any pullbacks could be shallow as fund managers use retreats to increase exposure to the group. Biotech risks Of course, biotech being biotech, there are always risks. You can expect the typical roller-coaster ride with these stocks as a result, and you should not invest in this group unless you can deal with that, psychologically. * One of the key risks is that Trump has vowed to repeal and replace Obamacare. Since Obamacare has extended health insurance to over 20 million people, a repeal would cause a noticeable cutback in health-care spending. However, as I’ve argued, it’s pretty unlikely that Trump will be able to change Obamacare in a way that takes health insurance away from 20 million people. * There can be surprise headlines at any moment, like the recent news that the Department of Justice is investigating possible collusion on generic drug prices. * Biotech is a “high beta” group, another way of saying that if falls more than a lot of other groups in any broad market pullback, which can happen at any moment. * Finally, while Sanders and Clinton have been neutralized in their capacity to tank the sector with tweets, the drug-price issue has not gone away. Insurance companies will continue to resist high prices and demand follow-up studies from drug companies to prove that their products help patients. “The election does not mean the sector’s problems are going away, by any means,” says Loncar. “The government is only part of this story.” At the time of publication, Michael Brush held INCY and ACAD. Brush has suggested INCY, ACAD, BIIB, CELG. BMRN, SRPT, PFE and JNJ in his stock newsletter, Brush Up on Stocks. Brush is a Manhattan-based financial writer who has covered business for the New York Times and The Economist group, and he attended Columbia Business School in the Knight-Bagehot program. More from MarketWatch Kellyanne Conway Discusses How to ‘Drain the Swamp’ Giuliani’s Trump-Like Audition for Secretary of State Donald Trump's Influential Son-in-Law Data Provided By Today's Interest Rates Mortgage Equity Savings Auto Credit Cards 30 yr fixed Jumbo 4.48% 30 yr fixed 3.96% 15 yr fixed 3.09% 10 yr fixed 3.02% 30 yr fixed refi 4.03% 15 yr fixed refi 3.16% 5/1 ARM 3.28% 5/1 ARM refi 3.59% National averages from Bankrate.com $30K HELOC 4.67% $50K HELOC 4.19% $75K HELOC 4.2% $100K HELOC 4.03% $30K Home Equity Loan 4.81% $50K Home Equity Loan 4.64% $75K Home Equity Loan 4.61% $100K Home Equity Loan 4.56% National averages from Bankrate.com 5 yr CD 1.21% 2 yr CD 0.76% 1 yr CD 0.58% MMA $10K+ 0.25% MMA $50K+ 0.35% MMA Savings 0.26% MMA Savings Jumbo 0.37% National averages from Bankrate.com 60 Mo Used Car 3% 48 Mo Used Car 3.03% 36 Mo Used Car 3.31% 72 Mo New Car 3.33% 60 Mo New Car 3.07% 48 Mo New Car 3.03% 60 Mo Auto Refi 2.74% 36 Mo Auto Refi 2.57% National averages from Bankrate.com Avg. APR Last Week 6 Months Low Interest 12.00% 12.00% 11.96% Business 13.12% 13.12% 13.12% Student 13.42% 13.42% 13.42% Balance Transfer 14.41% 14.41% 14.39% Airline 15.13% 15.13% 15.17% Reward 15.24% 15.24% 15.30% Cash Back 15.33% 15.33% 15.30% Instant Approval 17.86% 17.86% 18.04% Bad Credit 22.86% 22.86% 22.56% Source: CreditCards.com Michael Brush Michael Brush is a Manhattan-based financial writer who publishes the stock newsletter Brush Up on Stocks. Brush has covered business for the New York Times and The Economist group. He attended Columbia Business School in the Knight-Bagehot program. MarketWatch Partner Center Michael Brush Michael Brush is a Manhattan-based financial writer who publishes the stock newsletter Brush Up on Stocks. Brush has covered business for the New York Times and The Economist group. He attended Columbia Business School in the Knight-Bagehot program. We Want to Hear from You Join the conversation Comment Luxury Real Estate Guide Buyer anonymity, while desired, can be hard to come by View More Donald Trump Insight and analysis on a Donald Trump presidency View More Real Estate 7 fancy kitchens where holiday hosting dreams come true View More Investing Opinion: A 12-step plan to strengthen your portfolio after Trump's victory View More MarketWatch Site Index Topics Help Feedback Newsroom Roster Media Archive Premium Products Mobile Company Company Info Code of Conduct Corrections Advertising Media Kit Advertise Locally Reprints & Licensing Broker Center Your Ad Choices Dow Jones Network WSJ.com Barron's Online BigCharts Virtual Stock Exchange Financial News Online WSJ.com Small Business realtor.com Mansion Global Back to Top Copyright ©2016 MarketWatch, Inc. All rights reserved. By using this site you agree to the Terms of Service, Privacy Policy, and Cookie Policy. Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. Intraday data delayed per exchange requirements. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real time last sale data provided by NASDAQ. More information on NASDAQ traded symbols and their current financial status. Intraday data delayed 15 minutes for Nasdaq, and 20 minutes for other exchanges. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. SEHK intraday data is provided by SIX Financial Information and is at least 60-minutes delayed. All quotes are in local exchange time. Advanced Search Stocks Columns Authors Topics No results found Vertex Pharmaceuticals Inc. U.S.: Nasdaq: VRTX $89.44 -1.76 (-1.93%) Volume 1.2M Open $90.94 High $91.48 Low $89.00 P/E Ratio 0 Div Yield 0 Market Cap 22.2B Sarepta Therapeutics Inc. U.S.: Nasdaq: SRPT $38.74 +0.01 (+0.03%) Volume 1.9M Open $38.86 High $39.36 Low $38.51 P/E Ratio 0 Div Yield 0 Market Cap 2.1B BioMarin Pharmaceutical Inc. U.S.: Nasdaq: BMRN $89.00 -1.74 (-1.92%) Volume 793.4K Open $90.42 High $91.21 Low $88.92 P/E Ratio 0 Div Yield 0 Market Cap 15.3B Celgene Corp. U.S.: Nasdaq: CELG $121.97 -0.11 (-0.09%) Volume 4.4M Open $121.87 High $122.50 Low $121.06 P/E Ratio 46.2 Div Yield 0 Market Cap 94.5B Alexion Pharmaceuticals Inc. U.S.: Nasdaq: ALXN $119.85 -3.12 (-2.54%) Volume 1.5M Open $122.49 High $124.04 Low $119.70 P/E Ratio 73.53 Div Yield 0 Market Cap 26.9B Johnson & Johnson U.S.: NYSE: JNJ $115.36 -0.41 (-0.35%) Volume 7.6M Open $115.79 High $115.92 Low $114.81 P/E Ratio 20.42 Div Yield 2.77 Market Cap 313.8B Pfizer Inc. U.S.: NYSE: PFE $31.48 -0.25 (-0.79%) Volume 22.8M Open $31.95 High $31.95 Low $31.44 P/E Ratio 31.32 Div Yield 3.81 Market Cap 191.0B Merck & Co. Inc. U.S.: NYSE: MRK $61.87 -0.83 (-1.32%) Volume 7.6M Open $62.57 High $62.62 Low $61.73 P/E Ratio 31.57 Div Yield 2.97 Market Cap 170.6B Biogen Inc. U.S.: Nasdaq: BIIB $317.00 -2.30 (-0.72%) Volume 1.3M Open $318.86 High $321.00 Low $313.31 P/E Ratio 17.91 Div Yield 0 Market Cap 69.0B Incyte Corp. U.S.: Nasdaq: INCY $103.63 -1.92 (-1.82%) Volume 1.1M Open $105.30 High $105.92 Low $103.37 P/E Ratio 132.86 Div Yield 0 Market Cap 19.5B Neurocrine Biosciences Inc. U.S.: Nasdaq: NBIX $51.01 -1.26 (-2.41%) Volume 607.5K Open $52.48 High $52.59 Low $50.54 P/E Ratio 0 Div Yield 0 Market Cap 4.4B Axovant Sciences Ltd. U.S.: NYSE: AXON $13.44 -0.32 (-2.33%) Volume 163.1K Open $13.79 High $13.87 Low $13.25 P/E Ratio 0 Div Yield 0 Market Cap 1.3B TESARO Inc. U.S.: Nasdaq: TSRO $132.50 -2.15 (-1.60%) Volume 882.4K Open $135.27 High $135.50 Low $129.13 P/E Ratio 0 Div Yield 0 Market Cap 7.1B Ionis Pharmaceuticals Inc. U.S.: Nasdaq: IONS $45.12 -1.28 (-2.76%) Volume 1.5M Open $46.23 High $46.96 Low $44.88 P/E Ratio 0 Div Yield 0 Market Cap 5.5B Medicines Co. U.S.: Nasdaq: MDCO $36.63 -0.02 (-0.05%) Volume 710.4K Open $36.66 High $36.88 Low $36.16 P/E Ratio 0 Div Yield 0 Market Cap 2.6B ACADIA Pharmaceuticals Inc. U.S.: Nasdaq: ACAD $29.53 +0.43 (+1.48%) Volume 1.9M Open $29.30 High $30.00 Low $29.25 P/E Ratio 0 Div Yield 0 Market Cap 3.6B AstraZeneca PLC ADR U.S.: NYSE: AZN $27.12 -0.23 (-0.84%) Volume 6.8M Open $27.05 High $27.27 Low $27.00 P/E Ratio 29.39 Div Yield 3.32 Market Cap 67.3B Eli Lilly & Co. U.S.: NYSE: LLY $76.67 -1.04 (-1.34%) Volume 4.3M Open $77.58 High $77.92 Low $76.52 P/E Ratio 33.59 Div Yield 2.66 Market Cap 84.6B Medtronic PLC U.S.: NYSE: MDT $80.93 -0.87 (-1.06%) Volume 4.6M Open $81.71 High $81.91 Low $80.82 P/E Ratio 31.49 Div Yield 2.13 Market Cap 112.8B Baxter International Inc. U.S.: NYSE: BAX $46.98 -0.12 (-0.25%) Volume 2.4M Open $47.10 High $47.19 Low $46.80 P/E Ratio 5.28 Div Yield 1.11 Market Cap 25.6B Abbott Laboratories U.S.: NYSE: ABT $39.84 -0.55 (-1.36%) Volume 6.9M Open $40.31 High $40.42 Low $39.80 P/E Ratio 44 Div Yield 2.61 Market Cap 58.7B LatestNews
null
X Edition: India Business Business Home Economy Reuters Summits Deals Business Video Company Results & Outlooks Autos Markets Markets Home Indices Stock Quotes India Markets US Markets Currencies Commodities Funds India Top News India Insight Monsoon Top News Video World World Home South Asia Middle East Special Reports Reuters Investigates World Video Tech Technology Home Science Tech Video Innovation Commentary Commentary Home Expert Zone Breakingviews Breakingviews Home Breakingview Videos Money Money Home Stock Screener Fund Screener Sport & Life Sports Lifestyle Bollywood Entertainment Oddly Enough Health Arts Lifestyle Video Pictures Pictures Home The Wider Image Photographers Focus 360 Video US STOCKS-Wall Street slips, led by healthcare decline Africa América Latina عربي Argentina Brasil Canada 中国 Deutschland España France India Italia 日本 México РОССИЯ United Kingdom United States Company News | Sat Nov 19, 2016 | 1:19am IST US STOCKS-Wall Street slips, led by healthcare decline * Gap, Abercrombie fall after disappointing forecasts * All three major indexes on track to post weekly gains * S&P health index leads decliners * Indexes down: Dow 0.18 pct, S&P 0.22 pct, Nasdaq 0.2 pct (Updates with late afternoon prices, changes byline, adds New York dateline) By Sinead Carew NEW YORK, Nov 18 U.S. stocks were lower on Friday afternoon, with health stocks leading the declines, as investors cashed in on a post-election rally and waited for clarity on the next administration's policies. The Nasdaq was down in the afternoon, after hitting an intraday record high earlier, with the biggest drags from companies such as Alphabet Inc and Amgen. U.S. stocks have generally been rising since Donald Trump's surprise victory in the presidential election last week as his proposals to increase infrastructure spending and reduce taxes are expected to boost the economy. While the three major indexes were on track to close higher for the second week in a row, the rally lost some steam this week. "People are still trying to wrap their arms around what the U.S. elections mean for policy going forward," said Jason Pride, director of investment strategy at Glenmede in Philadelphia. The Dow Jones industrial average was down 33.73 points, or 0.18 percent, at 18,870.09, the S&P 500 lost 4.91 points, or 0.22 percent, to 2,182.21. The Nasdaq Composite dropped 10.58 points, or 0.2 percent, to 5,323.40 after hitting a record of 5346.8. Seven of the 11 major S&P 500 sectors were lower. Losses in shares of Merck and Allergan Plc helped drag down the S&P health sector, which led the decliners with a 1.2 percent fall. Consumer staples fell 0.4 percent, weighed down by a 1 percent fall in Procter & Gamble. The S&P Energy sector was the best performer with a 0.7 percent increase as oil futures rose. The S&P financial sector was up 0.2 percent, and has risen almost 11 percent since the U.S. election, boosted by prospect of higher interest rates and lighter regulation. Traders are pricing in an 83-percent chance for the Federal Reserve to raise interest rates in December, according to Thomson Reuters data. St. Louis Fed President James Bullard said Friday he was leaning toward supporting a December increase and that the real question would be the Fed's rate path in 2017. Kansas City Federal Reserve Bank President Esther George said that while she supports raising rates, the U.S. central bank must do so only gradually. Federal Reserve Chair Janet Yellen had said Thursday the central bank could raise rates "relatively soon," sending out a clear signal for a December move. Gap and Abercrombie & Fitch each fell more than 14 percent after both retailers warned of a challenging holiday quarter. Declining issues outnumbered advancing ones on the NYSE by a 1.12-to-1 ratio; on Nasdaq, a 1.03-to-1 ratio favored advancers. The S&P 500 posted 32 new 52-week highs and 4 new lows; the Nasdaq Composite recorded 216 new highs and 25 new lows. (Reporting by Tanya Agrawal and Anya George Tharakan; Editing by Nick Zieminski) Next In Company News US STOCKS-Wall Street slips, led by healthcare decline * S&P health index leads decliners, energy rises (New throughout, updates prices, market activity and comments to close) US STOCKS SNAPSHOT-Wall Street ends down, led by healthcare NEW YORK, Nov 18 U.S. stocks ended lower on Friday, with healthcare stocks leading the declines as investors cashed in on a post-election rally and waited for clarity on the next U.S. administration's policies. European shares close lower as dollar strength hits miners MILAN, Nov 18 European equities ended lower on Friday, with mining and energy stocks bearing the brunt of the sell off after commodities prices slipped following a rally in the dollar. MORE FROM REUTERS Sponsored Content From Around the Web Promoted by Taboola Trending Stories Top News At least 107 dead as train derails near Kanpur Sponsored Topics X Follow Reuters: Follow Us On Twitter Follow Us On Facebook RSS Follow Us On LinkedIn Subscribe: Newsletters | Apps Reuters News Agency | Brand Attribution Guidelines Reuters is the news and media division of Thomson Reuters. Thomson Reuters is the world's largest international multimedia news agency, providing investing news, world news, business news, technology news, headline news, small business news, news alerts, personal finance, stock market, and mutual funds information available on Reuters.com, video, mobile, and interactive television platforms. Learn more about Thomson Reuters products: Eikon Information, analytics and exclusive news on financial markets - delivered in an intuitive desktop and mobile interface Elektron Everything you need to empower your workflow and enhance your enterprise data management World-Check Screen for heightened risk individual and entities globally to help uncover hidden risks in business relationships and human networks Westlaw Build the strongest argument relying on authoritative content, attorney-editor expertise, and industry defining technology ONESOURCE The most comprehensive solution to manage all your complex and ever-expanding tax and compliance needs CHECKPOINT The industry leader for online information for tax, accounting and finance professionals All quotes delayed a minimum of 15 minutes. See here for a complete list of exchanges and delays. Site Feedback Corrections Advertise With Us Advertising Guidelines AdChoices Terms of Use Privacy Policy
Channel NewsAsia Return to Mobile Site Wall Street post-election rally fades as US stocks dip News TV Premier Watch Live 0 My Playlist Sign In Menu News Asia Pacific Singapore World Business Sport Entertainment Technology Health Lifestyle Videos Weather MORE Photos Special Reports Archives Services PSI Live Shows News Schedule Facebook Twitter Linkedin YouTube Mobile SMS eNews RSS Return to Mobile Site Business International Business Wall Street post-election rally fades as US stocks dip The major US stock indices finished slightly lower on Friday as a post-election rally appeared to lose steam. Posted 19 Nov 2016 05:34 Updated 19 Nov 2016 05:50 Traders work on the floor of the New York Stock Exchange (Spencer Platt/Getty Images/AFP) Enlarge Caption  Email More A A NEW YORK: The major US stock indices finished slightly lower on Friday (Nov 18) as a post-election rally appeared to lose steam. The Dow Jones Industrial Average, Nasdaq and S&P 500 all finished 0.2 per cent lower but they were still up over the prior week. The blue-chip Dow, which hit successive records since President-elect Donald Trump's surprise victory last week, settled at 18,867.93. The broader S&P 500 finished at 2,181.90 and the tech-heavy Nasdaq closed at 5,321.51. Peter Cardillo of First Standard Financial said stocks could be suffering in part due recent events on the exchange and bond markets. "I do not expect a major pull back but the Trump rally might be fading due to the strong dollar and higher yields," he said. The Dow was dragged down in part by declining prices for pharmaceuticals. Merck fell 1.3 per cent, Pfizer gave up 0.8 per cent and Johnson & Johnson lost 0.4 per cent. Insurance giant UnitedHealth Group also lost 0.9 per cent. While tech stocks rose sharply earlier in the week, they retreated on the final trading day of the week. Google parent Alphabet sank 1.3 per cent, Facebook lost 0.7 per cent and the biotech company Amgen was down 1.4 per cent. - AFP/de Email More YOU MAY ALSO LIKE From Our Website From the Web Happening Now new window view more My Facebook Friends Back To Top JUMP TO Select Section Asia Pacific Singapore World Business Sport Entertainment Technology Health Lifestyle Videos Weather Photos Special Reports Archives Services PSI Navigate to: News TV Watch Live GET OUR APPS iPhone/iPad Android Get Our News Facebook Twitter Linkedin YouTube Mobile SMS eNews RSS News Asia Pacific World Sport Technology Lifestyle Photos Archives Singapore Business Entertainment Health Videos Special Reports TV Live News Schedule Shows Services Weather ADVERTISE WITH US Online Mobile TV Contact Sales Channel NewsAsia Channel News Asia About Us Coverage Hotel Partners Events & Seminars Presenters & Correspondents Contact Us Mediacorp Mediacorp News Group © 2016 About Mediacorp Pte Ltd Terms and Conditions Privacy Policy Back To Top
null
Skip to content Satellite Press Releases pr @ satprnews.com Global Hair Loss & Growth Treatments and Products Market 2016 Share,Trend,Segmentation and Forecast to 2021 PUNE, INDIA, November 18, 2016 /EINPresswire.com/ — WiseGuyReports.Com Publish a New Market Research Report On – “Global Hair Loss & Growth Treatments and Products Market 2016 Share,Trend,Segmentation and Forecast to 2021”. Hair Loss & growth Treatments and Products are the products which is a way to treat hair loss and promote hair growth. (Including oil, Shampoos and Conditioners and medicine product like Vitamins and supplements).The date in this report don’t include the date of surgrical hair restoration which worldwide revenue is about 1.87 Billion USD in 2015 Scope of the Report: This report focuses on the Hair Loss & Growth Treatments and Products in Global market, especially in North America, Europe and Asia-Pacific, South America, Middle East and Africa. This report categorizes the market based on manufacturers, regions, type and application. Get Sample Report @ https://www.wiseguyreports.com/sample-request/609092-global-hair-loss-growth-forecast-to-2021 For more information or any query mail at sales@wiseguyreports.com Market Segment by Manufacturers, this report covers Procter & Gamble L’Oreal Unilever Taisho Henkel Merck Shiseido Johnson & Johnson Consumer Inc. Rohto Lifes2Good Gerolymatos International Toppik Nanogen Oxford BioLabs Ltd. Ultrax Labs Avalon Natural Products Bayer Yanagiya Pharma Medico Kerafiber Phyto Keranique DS Healthcare Group EcoHerbs Global Kaminomoto Softto Bawang Zhang Guang 101 Market Segment by Regions, regional analysis covers North America (USA, Canada and Mexico) Europe (Germany, France, UK, Russia and Italy) Asia-Pacific (China, Japan, Korea, India and Southeast Asia) South America, Middle East and Africa Market Segment by Type, covers Shampoos and Conditioners Medicine Product Market Segment by Applications, can be divided into Women Men Complete Report Details @ https://www.wiseguyreports.com/reports/609092-global-hair-loss-growth-forecast-to-2021 Table Of Contents – Major Key Points Global Hair Loss & Growth Treatments and Products Market by Manufacturers, Regions, Type and Application, Forecast to 2021 1 Market Overview 1.1 Hair Loss & Growth Treatments and Products Introduction 1.2 Market Analysis by Type 1.2.1 Shampoos and Conditioners 1.2.2 Medicine Product 1.3 Market Analysis by Applications 1.3.1 Women 1.3.2 Men 1.4 Market Analysis by Regions 1.4.1 North America (USA, Canada and Mexico) 1.4.1.1 USA 1.4.1.2 Canada 1.4.1.3 Mexico 1.4.2 Europe (Germany, France, UK, Russia and Italy) 1.4.2.1 Germany 1.4.2.2 France 1.4.2.3 UK 1.4.2.4 Russia 1.4.2.5 Italy 1.4.3 Asia-Pacific (China, Japan, Korea, India and Southeast Asia) 1.4.3.1 China 1.4.3.2 Japan 1.4.3.3 Korea 1.4.3.4 India 1.4.3.5 Southeast Asia 1.4.4 South America, Middle East and Africa 1.4.4.1 Brazil 1.4.4.2 Egypt 1.4.4.3 Saudi Arabia 1.4.4.4 South Africa 1.4.4.5 Nigeria 1.5 Market Dynamics 1.5.1 Market Opportunities 1.5.2 Market Risk 1.5.3 Market Driving Force 2 Manufacturers Profiles 2.1 Procter & Gamble 2.1.1 Business Overview 2.1.2 Hair Loss & Growth Treatments and Products Type and Applications 2.1.2.1 Type 1 2.1.2.2 Type 2 2.1.3 Procter & Gamble Hair Loss & Growth Treatments and Products Sales, Price, Revenue, Gross Margin and Market Share 2.2 L’Oreal 2.2.1 Business Overview 2.2.2 Hair Loss & Growth Treatments and Products Type and Applications 2.2.2.1 Type 1 2.2.2.2 Type 2 2.2.3 L’Oreal Hair Loss & Growth Treatments and Products Sales, Price, Revenue, Gross Margin and Market Share 2.3 Unilever 2.3.1 Business Overview 2.3.2 Hair Loss & Growth Treatments and Products Type and Applications 2.3.2.1 Type 1 2.3.2.2 Type 2 2.3.3 Unilever Hair Loss & Growth Treatments and Products Sales, Price, Revenue, Gross Margin and Market Share 2.4 Taisho 2.4.1 Business Overview 2.4.2 Hair Loss & Growth Treatments and Products Type and Applications 2.4.2.1 Type 1 2.4.2.2 Type 2 2.4.3 Taisho Hair Loss & Growth Treatments and Products Sales, Price, Revenue, Gross Margin and Market Share 2.5 Henkel 2.5.1 Business Overview 2.5.2 Hair Loss & Growth Treatments and Products Type and Applications 2.5.2.1 Type 1 2.5.2.2 Type 2 2.5.3 Henkel Hair Loss & Growth Treatments and Products Sales, Price, Revenue, Gross Margin and Market Share 2.6 Merck 2.6.1 Business Overview 2.6.2 Hair Loss & Growth Treatments and Products Type and Applications 2.6.2.1 Type 1 2.6.2.2 Type 2 2.6.3 Merck Hair Loss & Growth Treatments and Products Sales, Price, Revenue, Gross Margin and Market Share 2.7 Shiseido 2.7.1 Business Overview 2.7.2 Hair Loss & Growth Treatments and Products Type and Applications 2.7.2.1 Type 1 2.7.2.2 Type 2 2.7.3 Shiseido Hair Loss & Growth Treatments and Products Sales, Price, Revenue, Gross Margin and Market Share 2.8 Johnson & Johnson Consumer Inc. 2.8.1 Business Overview 2.8.2 Hair Loss & Growth Treatments and Products Type and Applications 2.8.2.1 Type 1 2.8.2.2 Type 2 2.8.3 Johnson & Johnson Consumer Inc. Hair Loss & Growth Treatments and Products Sales, Price, Revenue, Gross Margin and Market Share 2.9 Rohto 2.9.1 Business Overview 2.9.2 Hair Loss & Growth Treatments and Products Type and Applications 2.9.2.1 Type 1 2.9.2.2 Type 2 2.9.3 Rohto Hair Loss & Growth Treatments and Products Sales, Price, Revenue, Gross Margin and Market Share 2.10 Lifes2Good 2.10.1 Business Overview 2.10.2 Hair Loss & Growth Treatments and Products Type and Applications 2.10.2.1 Type 1 2.10.2.2 Type 2 2.10.3 Lifes2Good Hair Loss & Growth Treatments and Products Sales, Price, Revenue, Gross Margin and Market Share 2.11 Gerolymatos International 2.11.1 Business Overview 2.11.2 Hair Loss & Growth Treatments and Products Type and Applications 2.11.2.1 Type 1 2.11.2.2 Type 2 2.11.3 Gerolymatos International Hair Loss & Growth Treatments and Products Sales, Price, Revenue, Gross Margin and Market Share 2.12 Toppik 2.12.1 Business Overview 2.12.2 Hair Loss & Growth Treatments and Products Type and Applications 2.12.2.1 Type 1 2.12.2.2 Type 2 2.12.3 Toppik Hair Loss & Growth Treatments and Products Sales, Price, Revenue, Gross Margin and Market Share 2.13 Nanogen 2.13.1 Business Overview 2.13.2 Hair Loss & Growth Treatments and Products Type and Applications 2.13.2.1 Type 1 2.13.2.2 Type 2 2.13.3 Nanogen Hair Loss & Growth Treatments and Products Sales, Price, Revenue, Gross Margin and Market Share 2.14 Oxford BioLabs Ltd. 2.14.1 Business Overview 2.14.2 Hair Loss & Growth Treatments and Products Type and Applications 2.14.2.1 Type 1 2.14.2.2 Type 2 ……..CONTINUED For more information or any query mail at sales@wiseguyreports.com Buy 1-User PDF @ https://www.wiseguyreports.com/checkout?currency=one_user-USD&report_id=609092 Norah Trent wiseguyreports +1 646 845 9349 / +44 208 133 9349 email us here Author: Monika Donimirska Editor View all posts by Monika Donimirska Author Monika DonimirskaPosted on November 18, 2016November 18, 2016Categories Uncategorized Post navigation Previous Previous post: Medical Waste Management Market to Reach $16.2 billion with 5.9% CAGR Forecast to 2022 Next Next post: Global Machine-to-Machine (M2M) Connections Hardware Market by Manufacturers, Regions,Type,Application, Forecast to 2021 Search for: Search Recent Posts Top Five Best Golf Balls Buyers Guide Advances Review List Released Unbiased Inbox Blueprint 2.0 Review Causes Worldwide Discussion, as Exclusive Bonus Introduced by Steve Baker Democracy, Human Rights, and Labor: Transgender Day of Remembrance Melbourne Moving Company pledges $10,000 to help domestic violence victims this December Emma Has A Dilemma, A New Children’s Book that Teaches Grammar to 4-8 Year Old Children, Hits the Online Market. Archives November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 April 2016 March 2016 February 2016 January 2016 December 2015 November 2015 October 2015 September 2015 August 2015 July 2015 June 2015 May 2015 April 2015 March 2015 February 2015 January 2015 December 2014 November 2014 October 2014 September 2014 August 2014 July 2014 June 2014 May 2014 April 2014 March 2014 February 2014 January 2014 November 2013 September 2013 June 2013 March 2013 December 2012 November 2012 October 2012 September 2012 July 2012 March 2012 February 2012 January 2012 December 2011 November 2011 October 2011 September 2011 August 2011 July 2011 April 2010 March 2010 August 2009 January 1970 Categories Satellite Space Flights Uncategorized VSAT Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Partners TS2 Space Space Flights .news Satellite Press Releases Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content Military Technologies pr @ satprnews.com Rising Demand for Home Healthcare Devices Impelling the Growth of Intranasal Drug Delivery Applications Market Across the Globe Albany, NY — (SBWIRE) — 11/18/2016 — Intranasal drug delivery systems administer drugs through nasal route for local or systemic action based on the desired therapeutic modality to the patients. Nasals drugs may be prescribed for acute or chronic treatments and include antibiotics, snuffs, vasoconstrictors, local anesthetics, pain relief drugs, calcium supplements and antihistamines and others. Such drugs are administered in several dosage forms like nasal sprays, ointments and solutions. Drug candidates with poor oral absorption and exposed to first-pass effect in the body are preferred in formulation of nasal drug delivery. Download Exclusive Sample of this Report: http://www.transparencymarketresearch.com/sample/sample.php?flag=B&rep_id=1655 The global intranasal drug delivery market is categorized by its therapeutic applications: -Allergic infections -Analgesic -Osteoporosis -Pain management -Sexual dysfunction -Vaccines Globally, North America is the largest market for intranasal drug delivery application and is followed by Europe and Asia-Pacific. Developing countries of Asia, Middle East and Latin America are expected to witness maximum market growth due to development of economy, improved healthcare infrastructure, escalating penetration of medical insurances and growing incidences of chronic diseases. Patent expiration of blockbuster drugs, high prevalence of cardiovascular diseases, cancer and diabetes, adoption of self administration practices, rising demand for home healthcare devices and increased focus on pediatric and elderly patients are some of the major factors impelling the market growth of intranasal drug delivery systems across the globe. Other factors driving this market include rapid research and development and adoption of new drug delivery technologies and devices, fast onset of action and reformulation of oral drugs and injections into the formulations to be administered by nasal route. However, drug formulation failure and market recalls, and technical barrier may pose a challenge to the growth of this market. Aegis Therapeutics LLC, Alza Corporation, AstraZeneca PLC., MedImmune, Inc., Baxter International, Inc., Becton, Dickinson and Company, GlaxoSmithKline PLC, Johnson & Johnson, Inc., Marina Biotech, Inc., Merck & Co., Novartis AG, Pfizer Inc., Valeant Pharmaceuticals International, Inc. and Rexam PLC are some of the major players contributing to the global intranasal drug delivery applications market. About Transparency Market Research Transparency Market Research (TMR) is a global market intelligence company providing business information reports and services. The company’s exclusive blend of quantitative forecasting and trend analysis provides forward-looking insight for thousands of decision makers. TMR’s experienced team of analysts, researchers, and consultants use proprietary data sources and various tools and techniques to gather and analyze information. Contact Us Transparency Market Research State Tower, 90 State Street, Suite 700 Albany, NY 12207 United States Tel: 518-618-1030 USA – Canada Toll Free: 866-552-3453 Email: sales@transparencymarketresearch.com Website: http://www.transparencymarketresearch.com Author Anna ChmielewskaPosted on November 18, 2016November 18, 2016Categories Uncategorized Post navigation Previous Previous post: Global Luggage Screening System Market: In-Depth Market Segmentation by 2026 Next Next post: Clients Are Applauding the Service Provided by Tents & Events Search for: Search Recent Posts Cultural exchange becomes spotlight on 3rd WIC Canadian Entreprenuer expands business empire Melbourne Moving Company pledges $10,000 to help domestic violence victims this December Emma Has A Dilemma, A New Children’s Book that Teaches Grammar to 4-8 Year Old Children, Hits the Online Market. PHOTO AVAILABLE: Coast Guard rescues boater on Winyah Bay Jetty Archives November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 Categories Space Flight Uncategorized Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Partners TS2 Space Space Flights .news Military Technologies Proudly powered by WordPress



Contact Us Journalists Blog Log In Sign Up Send a Release News Solutions Resources Search News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News dansk Deutsch español Français italiano Nederlands norsk português suomeksi svenska Throat Cancer Market to Provide Over USD 7 Billion Revenue Post 2016 News provided by Market Research Future Nov 17, 2016, 10:39 ET Share this article PUNE, India, Nov. 17, 2016 /PRNewswire/ -- Market Research Future has a Half Cooked Research Report on Global Throat Cancer Market. The Global Throat Cancer Market is expected to reach around USD 7 Billion during the forecasted period. Market Highlights The Global Throat Cancer Market has been examined as a swiftly growing market and expected to grow at a tremendous rate. Globally there is huge demand for throat cancer treatment in various regions. The factors that drive the throat cancer market are the rising aging population, growing demand for advanced cancer therapies, increasing government funding in the healthcare sector, and growth of cancer care facilities in emerging countries. Taste the market data and market information presented through more than 50 market data tables and figures spread over 80 numbers of pages of the project report. Avail the in-depth table of content TOC & market synopsis on "Throat Cancer Market Research Report – Global Forecast to 2022" Access Report Details @ https://www.marketresearchfuture.com/reports/throat-cancer-market-research-report-global-forecast-to-2022 Market Research Analysis: It has been found that throat cancer is caused due to various problems one of which is smoking and drinking. These factors are growing the throat cancer market rapidly. Developing healthcare industry plays a major role in the growth of this market as new drugs, therapies and treatments have been evolved since the occurrence of throat cancer, which makes these treatments popular and the demand for these treatments will grow eventually. Request a Sample Report @ https://www.marketresearchfuture.com/sample-request/throat-cancer-market-research-report-global-forecast-to-2022 Global Throat Cancer Market Players: The major players of this market are Amgen Inc., Bristol-Myers Squibb, Celgene Corporation, Eli Lilly And Company, Engeneic Ltd, F. Hoffmann-la Roche AG, Merck & Co., Inc., Novartis, Pfizer Inc., Teva Pharmaceutical Industries Ltd and others. The market is classified and analyzed on the basis of various segments including geographies, which consist of; Americas, Europe, Asia-Pacific, and Middle East & Africa. Out of all, North America accounts for the largest share in the market. In addition, Europe and Asia-Pacific is the fastest growing segment in the throat cancer market. The Early Diners are Offered Free Customization - Up to 20% on this Report. Make an Enquiry for this Report @ https://www.marketresearchfuture.com/enquiry/throat-cancer-market-research-report-global-forecast-to-2022 Browse Related Reports: Global Keratoacanthoma Market Information, by Treatment (Medication, Surgery – Cryosurgery and Mohs' Microscopic Surgery, Intralesional Injection, Radiation Treatment & X-ray Therapy, and Others), by End User (Hospitals, Medical Research Laboratories and Others) and by Regions- Forecast to 2022 https://www.marketresearchfuture.com/reports/keratoacanthoma-market-research-report-global-forecast-to-2022 About Market Research Future: At Market Research Future (MRFR), we enable our customers to unravel the complexity of various industries through our Cooked Research Report (CRR), Half-Cooked Research Reports (HCRR), Raw Research Reports (3R), Continuous-Feed Research (CFR), and Market Research & Consulting Services. MRFR team have supreme objective to provide the optimum quality market research and intelligence services to our clients. Our market research studies by products, services, technologies, applications, end users, and market players for global, regional, and country level market segments, enable our clients to see more, know more, and do more, which help to answer all their most important questions. In order to stay updated with technology and work process of the industry, MRFR often plans & conducts meet with the industry experts and industrial visits for its research analyst members. Contact:  Akash Anand,  Market Research Future  Office No. 528, Amanora Chambers  Magarpatta Road, Hadapsar,  Pune - 411028  Maharashtra, India  +1 646 845 9312  Email: akash.anand@marketresearchfuture.com Logo - http://photos.prnewswire.com/prnh/20161006/415948LOGO To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/throat-cancer-market-to-provide-over-usd-7-billion-revenue-post-2016-300365166.html SOURCE Market Research Future Related Links https://www.marketresearchfuture.com Nov 16, 2016, 09:30 ET Preview: Ovarian Cysts Market is Expected to Grow at a CAGR of 5.6% from 2016 to 2022 My News Release contains wide tables. View fullscreen. Also from this source Nov 16, 2016, 09:30 ETOvarian Cysts Market is Expected to Grow at a CAGR of 5.6% from... Nov 14, 2016, 10:57 ETIndoor Positioning and Navigation System Market to Provide Over... Explore More news releases in similar topics Publishing & Information Services Health Care & Hospitals Medical Pharmaceuticals Surveys, Polls and Research You just read: Throat Cancer Market to Provide Over USD 7 Billion Revenue Post 2016 News provided by Market Research Future Nov 17, 2016, 10:39 ET Share this article Looking to send a news release with PR Newswire? Take advantage of the world's leading distribution platform. Sign up to get started Request more information Have an account? Log In Phone 8AM - 10PM ET +1-888-776-0942 Send a Release Sign Up Blog For Journalists Contact Us Search Searching for your content... Advanced Search Contact 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Chat Online with an Expert Contact Us Solutions Cision Communication Cloud™ For Marketers For Public Relations For IR & Compliance For Agency For Small Business All Products About About PR Newswire About Cision Become a Publishing Partner Become a Channel Partner Careers   Global Sites Asia Brazil Canada Europe Finland France India Israel Mexico Middle East Netherlands Sweden United Kingdom My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Terms of Use Privacy Policy Information Security Policy Statement Site Map RSS Feeds Copyright © 2016 PR Newswire Association LLC. All Rights Reserved. A Cision company. News Solutions Resources News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News dansk Deutsch español Français italiano Nederlands norsk português suomeksi svenska Phone +1-888-776-0942 8AM - 10PM ET Chat Chat Online with an Expert All contact info Send a ReleaseLog In
Contact Us Journalists Blog Log In Sign Up Send a Release News Solutions Resources Search News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News dansk Deutsch español Français italiano Nederlands norsk português suomeksi svenska Baxter Inc., Shire plc. and Hoffman La-Roche Vying for the top Spot in Renal Disease Therapeutics Market News provided by Market Data Forecast Nov 17, 2016, 09:00 ET Share this article HYDERABAD, India, November 17, 2016 /PRNewswire/ -- According to the report "Renal Disease Therapeutics Market", published by Market Data Forecast, the global market is projected to reach USD xxx Million by 2021, at a CAGR of xxx % from 2016 to 2021.      (Logo: http://photos.prnewswire.com/prnh/20160913/406914LOGO ) For full report refer to "http://www.marketdataforecast.com/market-reports/global-renal-diseases-market-1291/" Free sample for the report is available at "http://www.marketdataforecast.com/market-reports/global-renal-diseases-market-1291/request-sample" The kidneys have a number of life-sustaining functions, such as cleansing blood by filtering waste products and excess fluid, regulating blood pressure, and maintaining the balance of salt and minerals. When the kidney failure occurs, they ultimately lose their vital function, which is fatal. The major factors that are driving the growth of the market are increasing aging population, growing awareness of both acute and chronic kidney disease, Increasing Diabetic Population, and growing demand for the advanced diagnostics and therapeutics for the disease. Disparities of Renal Transplant Therapy, expiring of patents of some of the branded drugs for the late stage CKD and changing reimbursement scenario in some of major countries, Negative Societal Effects are the restraints that are hindering the growth of the market. Enquire more about the report here "http://www.marketdataforecast.com/market-reports/global-renal-diseases-market-1291/inquire" The Renal Disease Therapeutics Market is Segmented as follows: Based on Application: Kidney Stone Disease End-Stage Kidney Disease Kidney Failure Chronic Kidney Disease Hypertension Diabetes Anaemia Based on Treatment Devices: Dialysis Equipment Renal Denervation devices Wearable artificial kidney device distal embolic protection devices Based on Geography North America Renal Disease Therapeutics Market Europe Renal Disease Therapeutics Market Asia - Pacific Renal Disease Therapeutics Market Latin America Renal Disease Therapeutics Market Middle East & Africa Renal Disease Therapeutics Market Some of the major companies dominating the global market are Amgen Inc., Merck & Co., Inc., Bristol-Myers Squibb Company, Hoffmann-La Roche Inc., Shire Inc., Fresenius Medical Care, Baxter International, Davita Healthcare Partners. Buy the full report now at "https://www.marketdataforecast.com/cart/buy-now/global-renal-diseases-market-1291" The Renal Disease Therapeutics Market study offers the following deliverables:  Global, regional and country-level analysis and forecasts of the study market; providing Insights on the major countries/regions in which this industry is blooming and to also identify the regions that are still untapped Segment-level analysis in terms of technology, component, and type along with market size forecasts and estimations to detect key areas of industry growth in detail Identification of key drivers, restraints, opportunities, and challenges (DROC) in the market and their impact on shifting market dynamics Study of the effect of exogenous and endogenous factors that affect the global market; which includes broadly demographic, economics, and political, among other macro-environmental factors presented in an extensive PESTLE Analysis Study the micro environment factors that determine the overall profitability of an Industry, using Porter's five forces analysis for analysing the level of competition and business strategy development A comprehensive list of key market players along with their product portfolio, current strategic interests, key financial information, legal issues, SWOT analysis and analyst overview to study and sustain the market environment Competitive landscape analysis listing out the mergers, acquisitions, collaborations in the field along with new product launches, comparative financial studies and recent developments in the market by the major companies Detailed Product Pipeline analysis detailing key points like clinical trial size, stage, date, duration, molecular targets and type for all the products that are in the scope of the forecast period. An executive summary, abridging the entire report in such a way that decision-making personnel can rapidly become acquainted with background information, concise analysis and main conclusions Expertly devised analyst overview along with Investment opportunities to provide both individuals and organizations a strong financial foothold in the market Checkout other related studies in the Therapeutics Segment:  Kidney Cancer Diagnostics and Therapeutics:  http://www.marketdataforecast.com/market-reports/global-kidney-cancer-diagnostics-and-therapeutics-market-843/ Neurotherapeutics Market:  http://www.marketdataforecast.com/market-reports/global-neurotherapeutics-market-1270/ Ophthalmology Therapeutics:  http://www.marketdataforecast.com/market-reports/global-ophthalmology-therapeutics-market-1106/ Infectious Disease Therapeutics:  http://www.marketdataforecast.com/market-reports/global-infectious-Disease-therapeutics-market-1320/ Hormone Replacement Therapy Market:  http://www.marketdataforecast.com/market-reports/global-hormone-replacement-therapy-market-957/ About Us:  Market Data Forecast is a firm working in the area of market research and business intelligence. With rich experience in research across various business domains, we cater to the needs of both individual and corporate clients. Our analyst team comprises expert professionals in market research, who with their collective knowledge and skillset dedicatedly serve clients from various industries and regions. Contact: Abhishek Shukla Team Lead (International Business Development) Market Data Forecast Direct Line: +1-888-702-9626 Mobile: +91 998 555 0206 Mail: abhishek@marketdataforecast.com Visit MarketDataForecast Blog @ http://www.marketdataforecast.com/blog/ View latest Press Releases of MDF @ http://www.marketdataforecast.com/press-releases SOURCE Market Data Forecast Nov 16, 2016, 09:00 ET Preview: Increasing Expendable Income Accompanying the Growth of Companion Animal Healthcare Market My News Release contains wide tables. View fullscreen. Also from this source Nov 16, 2016, 09:00 ETIncreasing Expendable Income Accompanying the Growth of Companion... Nov 15, 2016, 09:00 ETFighting Cancer Made Easy by Liquid Biopsy, Reveals Market Data... Explore More news releases in similar topics Health Care & Hospitals Medical Pharmaceuticals Pharmaceuticals Surveys, Polls and Research You just read: Baxter Inc., Shire plc. and Hoffman La-Roche Vying for the top Spot in Renal Disease Therapeutics Market News provided by Market Data Forecast Nov 17, 2016, 09:00 ET Share this article Looking to send a news release with PR Newswire? Take advantage of the world's leading distribution platform. Sign up to get started Request more information Have an account? Log In Phone 8AM - 10PM ET +1-888-776-0942 Send a Release Sign Up Blog For Journalists Contact Us Search Searching for your content... Advanced Search Contact 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Chat Online with an Expert Contact Us Solutions Cision Communication Cloud™ For Marketers For Public Relations For IR & Compliance For Agency For Small Business All Products About About PR Newswire About Cision Become a Publishing Partner Become a Channel Partner Careers   Global Sites Asia Brazil Canada Europe Finland France India Israel Mexico Middle East Netherlands Sweden United Kingdom My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Terms of Use Privacy Policy Information Security Policy Statement Site Map RSS Feeds Copyright © 2016 PR Newswire Association LLC. All Rights Reserved. A Cision company. News Solutions Resources News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News dansk Deutsch español Français italiano Nederlands norsk português suomeksi svenska Phone +1-888-776-0942 8AM - 10PM ET Chat Chat Online with an Expert All contact info Send a ReleaseLog In
Contact Us Journalists Blog Log In Sign Up Send a Release News Solutions Resources Search News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News dansk Deutsch español Français italiano Nederlands norsk português suomeksi svenska New Review of Novel Intranasal Delivery of Sumatriptan as a Route to Rapid and Sustained Relief in the Acute Treatment of Migraine News provided by touchNEUROLOGY.com Nov 17, 2016, 08:00 ET Share this article LONDON, November 17, 2016 /PRNewswire/ -- Deborah I Friedman, US Neurology , 2016;12(2):84-9: https://doi.org/10.17925/USN.2016.12.02.84      (Logo: http://photos.prnewswire.com/prnh/20151014/276718LOGO ) Published recently in US Neurology, the peer-reviewed journal from touchNEUROLOGY, Deborah I Friedman discusses a new treatment in migraine. This condition remains a common debilitating condition that exerts a high social and economic burden worldwide. Despite the widespread availability of various medications for migraine, many patients are dissatisfied with their treatment. Rapid and effective treatment at an early stage in an attack is vital in migraine to prevent central sensitization leading to attacks that are difficult to treat. Most migraineurs prefer oral medications but this is not always the most rapid or efficient route into the bloodstream. Intranasal administration of migraine treatment provides a rapid, convenient and reliable alternative to oral and other routes. AVP-825 is an intranasal medication delivery system approved by the US Food and Drug Administration in January 2016 as ONZETRA™ Xsail™ (sumatriptan nasal powder [Avanir Pharmaceuticals, Aliso Viejo, CA]) for the acute treatment of migraine with or without aura in adults. AVP-825 contains low dose sumatriptan powder and takes advantage of some unique aspects of the nasal anatomy to confer rapid pain relief in the acute treatment of migraine. In two Phase III trials, AVP-825 was well tolerated and showed significantly faster migraine pain relief and relief from other symptoms including photophobia, phonophobia, and nausea than placebo or oral sumatriptan. This benefit was achieved with substantially lower drug exposure than oral sumatriptan. Additional analyses of data from the Phase III trials show that significantly more patients with migraine receiving AVP-825 reported clinically meaningful relief, sustained relief, pain freedom, lower migraine-related disability and more consistent relief across multiple attacks than those receiving oral sumatriptan. The rapid and sustained action of AVP-825 and its convenience creates the potential for this unique treatment to reduce the burden of migraine in many patients. The full peer-reviewed, open-access article is available here: https://doi.org/10.17925/USN.2016.12.02.84 Disclosure: Deborah I Friedman is a consultant for Allergan, Avanir, Supernus, Teva Pharmaceuticals, Eli Lilly, Zosano, and Alder Biopharmaceuticals. She is a speaker for Avanir, Supernus, Teva Pharmaceuticals and has received research support from Merck, Autonomic Technologies, Inc., and Eli Lilly. Note to the Editor touchNEUROLOGY (a division of Touch Medical Media) publishes US Neurology, a peer-reviewed, open access, bi-annual journal specialising in the publication of balanced and comprehensive review articles written by leading authorities to address the most important and salient developments in the field of neurology. The aim of these reviews is to break down the high science from 'data-rich' primary papers and provide practical advice and opinion on how this information can help physicians in the day to day clinical setting. Practice guidelines, symposium write-ups, case reports, and original research articles are also featured to promote discussion and learning amongst physicians, clinicians, researchers and related healthcare professionals. http://www.touchNEUROLOGY.com For inquires please contact: Carla Denaro - Managing Editor managingeditor@touchmedicalmedia.com Providing practical opinion to support best practice for busy healthcare professionals SOURCE touchNEUROLOGY.com Nov 17, 2016, 08:30 ET Preview: Update on the Treatment of Parkinson’s Disease Psychosis Jun 09, 2016, 08:30 ET Preview: New Article Sets Out 10 Vital Calls to Action Needed to Address Shortcomings and Inconsistencies in Multiple Sclerosis Management and New Treatment Development Across Europe My News Release contains wide tables. View fullscreen. Also from this source Nov 17, 2016, 08:30 ETUpdate on the Treatment of Parkinson’s Disease Psychosis Jun 09, 2016, 08:30 ETNew Article Sets Out 10 Vital Calls to Action Needed to Address... Explore More news releases in similar topics Publishing & Information Services Health Care & Hospitals Medical Pharmaceuticals Pharmaceuticals New Products & Services You just read: New Review of Novel Intranasal Delivery of Sumatriptan as a Route to Rapid and Sustained Relief in the Acute Treatment of Migraine News provided by touchNEUROLOGY.com Nov 17, 2016, 08:00 ET Share this article Looking to send a news release with PR Newswire? Take advantage of the world's leading distribution platform. Sign up to get started Request more information Have an account? Log In Phone 8AM - 10PM ET +1-888-776-0942 Send a Release Sign Up Blog For Journalists Contact Us Search Searching for your content... Advanced Search Contact 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Chat Online with an Expert Contact Us Solutions Cision Communication Cloud™ For Marketers For Public Relations For IR & Compliance For Agency For Small Business All Products About About PR Newswire About Cision Become a Publishing Partner Become a Channel Partner Careers   Global Sites Asia Brazil Canada Europe Finland France India Israel Mexico Middle East Netherlands Sweden United Kingdom My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Terms of Use Privacy Policy Information Security Policy Statement Site Map RSS Feeds Copyright © 2016 PR Newswire Association LLC. All Rights Reserved. A Cision company. News Solutions Resources News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News dansk Deutsch español Français italiano Nederlands norsk português suomeksi svenska Phone +1-888-776-0942 8AM - 10PM ET Chat Chat Online with an Expert All contact info Send a ReleaseLog In
Contact Us Journalists Blog Log In Sign Up Send a Release News Solutions Resources Search News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News dansk Deutsch español Français italiano Nederlands norsk português suomeksi svenska Atrin Pharmaceuticals Elects Jeffrey M. Dayno, MD to Board of Directors News provided by Atrin Pharmaceuticals Nov 16, 2016, 20:01 ET Share this article DOYLESTOWN, Pa., Nov. 16, 2016 /PRNewswire/ -- Atrin Pharmaceuticals, LLC. today announced the election of Jeffrey M. Dayno, M.D., chief medical officer of Egalet Corporation, to the Atrin Board of Directors.  "Dr. Jeffrey Dayno joins the Atrin board with an 18 year track record of success building and leading clinical development and medical affairs teams at both global and emerging biopharmaceutical companies," said Oren Gilad, Ph.D., Atrin Pharmaceuticals President and Chief Executive Officer. "Jeff brings to our board a keen perspective on all aspects of pharmaceutical medicine, including clinical development strategy and trial design, as well as regulatory strategy and experience interacting with the FDA, that will serve our company well as we prepare to advance our novel ATR inhibitors into clinical development. I am very pleased to welcome Jeff to the Atrin Board of Directors." Prior to joining Egalet, a specialty pharmaceutical company focused on developing and commercializing innovative treatments for pain and other conditions,  Dr. Dayno was vice president, global medical affairs at ViroPharma, Inc., where he was also involved in early stage development for rare diseases.  Prior to ViroPharma, Dr. Dayno served as the chief medical officer at Labopharm, Inc., a drug delivery technology company based in Montreal, Canada, where he first started working in the field of abuse-deterrent opioid product development. Before Labopharm, he was vice president of global medical affairs at Cephalon, Inc., and established the Phase 3B/4 late stage clinical development program.  Dr. Dayno started his career in the pharmaceutical industry in 1998 at Merck & Co., Inc., where he spent 7 years in positions of increasing responsibility in the medical and scientific affairs division. Before moving into leadership roles in the pharmaceutical and biotechnology industry, he spent 10 years in academic and clinical medicine, involved in patient care, teaching, and clinical research. Dr. Dayno earned his medical degree from Temple University School of Medicine, completed his residency in Neurology at Temple University Hospital, and did a fellowship in Stroke and Cerebrovascular Disorders at Henry Ford Hospital.  He is a former Chairman of the Philadelphia Stroke Council and, since 2014, has been a member of the Board of Visitors of the Lewis Katz School of Medicine at Temple University. About Atrin Pharmaceuticals Atrin Pharmaceuticals is a privately held biopharmaceutical company, based in Doylestown, PA, that aims to change the way cancer is being treated. The company is engaged in the discovery and development of innovative treatments for cancer. Atrin's most advanced program is focused on a new class of compounds that are highly specific inhibitors of ATR, a key mediator of DNA repair. Atrin is further assembling a pipeline of additional drug candidates, identified via the company's proprietary, human cell-based, high-throughput screening platform, Atrize™. Applicable to both drug discovery/development and the evaluation of patient-specific treatments, Atrize enables the rapid identification and evaluation of compounds that are effective in inhibiting cancer cell viability without adversely affecting healthy cells. For more information on the company, please visit our website at http://atrinpharma.com/. Logo - http://photos.prnewswire.com/prnh/20161018/429918LOGO   To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/atrin-pharmaceuticals-elects-jeffrey-m-dayno-md-to-board-of-directors-300363790.html SOURCE Atrin Pharmaceuticals Related Links http://atrinpharma.com Oct 25, 2016, 08:30 ET Preview: Atrin Pharmaceuticals Appoints Gerhard J. Sperl, Ph.D. as Vice President, Chemistry, Manufacturing and Controls My News Release contains wide tables. View fullscreen. Also from this source Oct 25, 2016, 08:30 ETAtrin Pharmaceuticals Appoints Gerhard J. Sperl, Ph.D. as Vice... Explore More news releases in similar topics Health Care & Hospitals Medical Pharmaceuticals Pharmaceuticals You just read: Atrin Pharmaceuticals Elects Jeffrey M. Dayno, MD to Board of Directors News provided by Atrin Pharmaceuticals Nov 16, 2016, 20:01 ET Share this article Looking to send a news release with PR Newswire? Take advantage of the world's leading distribution platform. Sign up to get started Request more information Have an account? Log In Phone 8AM - 10PM ET +1-888-776-0942 Send a Release Sign Up Blog For Journalists Contact Us Search Searching for your content... Advanced Search Contact 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Chat Online with an Expert Contact Us Solutions Cision Communication Cloud™ For Marketers For Public Relations For IR & Compliance For Agency For Small Business All Products About About PR Newswire About Cision Become a Publishing Partner Become a Channel Partner Careers   Global Sites Asia Brazil Canada Europe Finland France India Israel Mexico Middle East Netherlands Sweden United Kingdom My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Terms of Use Privacy Policy Information Security Policy Statement Site Map RSS Feeds Copyright © 2016 PR Newswire Association LLC. All Rights Reserved. A Cision company. News Solutions Resources News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News dansk Deutsch español Français italiano Nederlands norsk português suomeksi svenska Phone +1-888-776-0942 8AM - 10PM ET Chat Chat Online with an Expert All contact info Send a ReleaseLog In
Skip to content Military Technologies pr @ satprnews.com HIV Market Is Progressing Towards A Strong Growth By 2020 Human Immune-deficiency Virus (HIV) is one of the most widespread, catastrophic, incurable diseases among humans throughout the world. According to the 2013 report by World Health Organization (WHO), HIV ranked 6th among the global deaths throughout the world, with approximately 1,776,270 deaths in 2009 itself. HIV presents itself as a complex mix of symptoms, all related to severe immune compromise. The global HIV market, according to the Financial Times 2015, was around USD 20 billion in 2013, which ranks it along with the global insulin market. High quality global journalism requires investment. Globally, the annual deaths from HIV/AIDS have fallen from 2.3 million in 2005 to 1.5 million in 2013, according to the UN AIDS report. HIV antivirals are the largest segment of drugs in the HIV market. Pharmaceutical companies however are focusing on the research and development of novel drugs that prove to be a long term cure for HIV virus and shall forever suppress the virus throughout the life of an individual. For Any Queries Get Solutions With A PDF Sample : bit.ly/2fikZLE Treatments also involve dietary modifications and symptomatic relief of conditions presented during the onset of AIDS. Therapeutic treatment is often costly and requires constant supply of energy compounds (sugar/fat) in order for the patient to maintain a standard daily requirement. The affordability of such treatments is a factor of concern in many developing countries of the world. Furthermore, highest number of HIV-infected people is witnessed in poor countries. There is a majority of the HIV infected population living in sub-Saharan Africa region. Hence, worldwide healthcare companies are ensuring to lower their costs in this region so that they can introduce their products to generic competition. That said, the market for HIV therapeutics potentially remains in billions, with new patent trials being conducted every year. HIV market therefore remains highly attractive in terms of novel drugs and their impact globally. Asian manufacturers are proving to be a tough competition with their unique patent laws that circumvent patent of essential life saving medicines. The prices too are bound to decrease with the entry of such manufacturers, thereby potentially increasing therapeutics market in terms of volume. The North American HIV market is the highest market globally, by value and occupies more than 50% of the global revenue generated from HIV antiviral; this is followed by the European market at around 30% of the global market. The growth in these regions is mainly attributed to high affordability of drugs along with a range of health insurance coverage. In developing markets of Asia and South America, the leading cause of death is their poor healthcare standards. This along with their population size make for a potentially large market, however unavailability of affordable drugs is often the reason why markets haven’t been proliferated as of yet. On the other hand, the recent growth of market in Asia Pacific is a positive sign for potential manufacturers. The rest of the world also follows a similar pattern like Asia. Overall the Asian, African and South American region contribute less than 20% share in the global HIV market. Some of the well known companies manufacturing HIV drugs are: Bristol-Myers Squibb Company, ViiV Healthcare (Pfizer Inc.) and GlaxoSmithKline plc, Gilead Sciences Inc., Boehringer Ingelheim (C.H. Boehringer Sohn AG & Ko. KG), F. Hoffmann-La Roche AG, Abbott Laboratories Inc., Janssen Therapeutics, Merck & Co. Inc., Cipla Limited, and others, to name a few. About Us Transparency Market Research (TMR) is a global market intelligence company providing business information reports and services. The company’s exclusive blend of quantitative forecasting and trend analysis provides forward-looking insight for thousands of decision makers. TMR’s experienced team of analysts, researchers, and consultants use proprietary data sources and various tools and techniques to gather and analyze information. Contact us: Transparency Market Research 90 State Street, Suite 700, Albany NY – 12207 United States Tel: +1-518-618-1030 USA – Canada Toll Free 866-552-3453 Email: sales@transparencymarketresearch.com Website: www.transparencymarketresearch.com/ This release was published on openPR. Author Anna ChmielewskaPosted on November 18, 2016November 18, 2016Categories Uncategorized Post navigation Previous Previous post: Singapore Zoo Has Been Waiting 28 Years Next Next post: Plushmoji Bets On Plush Poop To Keep Your Feet Warm This Winter Search for: Search Recent Posts Top Five Best Golf Balls Buyers Guide Advances Review List Released Unbiased Inbox Blueprint 2.0 Review Causes Worldwide Discussion, as Exclusive Bonus Introduced by Steve Baker Democracy, Human Rights, and Labor: Transgender Day of Remembrance Cultural exchange becomes spotlight on 3rd WIC Canadian Entreprenuer expands business empire Archives November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 Categories Space Flight Uncategorized Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Partners TS2 Space Space Flights .news Military Technologies Proudly powered by WordPress
